" the man who wasn't there " by ethan coen &amp ; Joel coen Black . ed ( v.o. ) yeah , I work in a barbershop . but I never consider myself a barber ... we track back from a barber 's pole . ed ( v.o. ) ... I stumble into it -- well , marry into it more precisely ... we track back from a shopkeeper 's bell trigger by a open door . the pull back and tilt down show the top of the head of a customer enter in slow motion . ed ( v.o. ) ... I be not my establishment . like the fella say , I only work here ... we track along a shelf back by a mirror and hold pomade , aftershave , hair tonic , a whisk brush . ed ( v.o. ) ... the dump be 200 foot square , with five chair , or station as we call them , even though there be only two of we work ... we track in on a big man in a barber 's smock scissor across a lock of hair that he pull taut between two finger of one hand . in slow motion , he laugh and chat . ed ( v.o. ) ... Frank raffo , my brother - in - law , be the principal barber . and man , could he talk ... another man in a barber 's smock be run electric clipper across a child 's head . a cigarette between he lip . ed ( v.o. ) ... now maybe if you be eleven or twelve year old , Frank 's get a interesting point of view , but sometimes it get on my nerve . not that I would complain , mind you . like I say , he be the principal barber . Frank 's father August -- they call he guzzi--had work the head up in Santa Rosa for thirty - five year until he ticker stop in the middle of a junior flat top . he leave the shop to frankie free and clear . and that seem to satisfy all of Frank 's ambition : cut the hair and chew the fat . I , I do not talk much ... he pluck the cigarette from he mouth and tap its ash into a tray . ed ( v.o. ) ... I just cut the hair ... late in the day the barbershop be empty of customer . late sun slant in through the front window . the two barber -- the narrator and he brother - in- law -- sit in two of the barber chair , idly read magazine . frank say here that the Russians explode n a-bomb and there 's not a damn thing we can do about it . ed uh-huh . frank how d'ya like they apple ? beat . frank ... Ed ? ed huh ? frank Russians explode a a-bomb . ed yeah . frank ( shaking he head ) Jesus ... ed ( v.o. ) now , be a barber be a lot like be a barman or a soda -jerk ; there 's not much to it once you have learn the basic move . for the kid there 's the butch , or the heinie ... we cut to example of the haircut as they be tick off : ed ( v.o. ) ... the flat top , the ivy , the Crew , the vanguard , the junior contour and , occasionally , the executive contour . adult get variation on the same , along with the duck butt , the timberline ... Ed trim the fringe around a bald head . ed ( v.o. ) ... and something we call the Alpine rope toss . he snip one long lonely strand of hair and carefully drape it across a bald pate . ed ( v.o. ) ... I live in a little bungalow on Napa Street . the place be ok , I guess ; it have a electric ice box , gas hearth , and a garbage grinder build into the sink . you might say I have it make . we float slowly toward a white bungalow on a quiet street as a black coupe pull into the driveway . ed ( v.o. ) ... oh yeah . there be one other thing ... we track in through a bedroom door to discover a woman put on a girdle . ed ( v.o. ) ... doris keep the book at nirdlinger 's , a small department store on Main Street . unlike I , doris like the work , accounting ; she like know where everything stand . and she get a ten per cent employee discount on whatever she want -- nylon stocking ... Close on she leg as she roll up a stock and clip it to the garter . ed ( v.o. ) ... make - up , and perfume ... Close on a atomiser mist she bosom with jungle gardenia by tuvache . ed ( v.o. ) ... she wear a lot of perfume . doris in a flouncy dress be set coaster on a coffee table . ed ( v.o. ) ... doris 's boss , Big Dave brewster , be marry to Ann nirdlinger , the department store heiress . tonight they be come over for dinner -- as doris say , we be ' entertaining ' ... Ed sit on the live - room davenport in a uncomfortable suit , smoking . ed ( v.o. ) ... I , I do not like entertaining . the doorbell ring . the door Ed open it to reveal a large man in a suit and he demure , bird - like wife . dave how ya doin ' , Ed ? ed ok . take you coat , Ann ? dinner table the two couple be in the middle of the meal . dave jap have we pin down in buna for something like six week . well , I gotta tell ya , I think * we * have it tough , but , Jesus , we have supply . * they * be eat grub , nut , thistles . when we finally up and bust off the beach we find arnie bragg , kid miss on recon ; the jap have *eaten * the sonofabitch , if you will pardon the , uh ... and this be a scrawny , pimply kid too , nothin ' to write home about . I mean , I never would have , ya know , so what do I say , honey ? when I do not like dinner , what do I say ? Ann smile wanly . dave ... I say , Jesus , honey , arnie bragg -- * again *?! he roar with laughter . Ed give a acknowledge smile . dave ... arnie bragg --*again *?! he dry he eye with the corner of a napkin . dave ... be you in the service , Ed ? ed no , Dave , I be not . doris Ed be 4f on account of he fall arch . dave mm , that 's tough . front porch Ed be stand alone on the porch , watch the sun go down . cricket chirp . from inside the house we hear laughter and clatter dish . ed ( v.o. ) ... yeah ... I guess doris like all that he -man stuff . sometimes I have the feel that she and Big Dave be a lot closer than they let on ... he turn and look through the screen door into the house . across the dim live room we can see a sliver of the brightly light kitchen . Big Dave , wear a frilly apron , stand at the counter drying dish . his broad back heave with laughter while doris , just hide by the wall , chat away , hand dish across . ed ( v.o. ) ... the sign be all there plain enough -- not that I be gonna prance about it , mind you . it 's a free country . footstep approach the front porch . with the squeak of the screen door , Big Dave emerge . dave holding down the porch area ? Ed give a half - grin of wry acknowledgement . Big Dave relax , forearm against the porch railing , gaze out at the front lawn . dave ... that 's quite a wife you get there . ed mm. dave she 's a rare one . ed how 's business , Dave ? dave could not be better . this be boom time in retailing . we be open another store , Big Dave 's annex , there on garson . this be strictly haberdashery -- casual wear , pyjamas , lady ' foundation and undergarment . matter of fact , I be think of make doris the comptroller . how're thing at the , uh , the barbershop ? ed all right , I guess . dave ... Fine . Fine . well , you might want to drop by the annex when we open , update you suit - -' course , you be in the smock all day . he chuckle . dave ... say , where do you get that thing anyway ? ed specialty store down in Sacramento . dave uh-huh . there be a silence . at length , gaze out at the lawn , Big Dave clear he throat . church ed ( v.o. ) doris and I go to church once a week ... we be tilting down a long stain - glass window depict the resurrection of Christ . ed ( v.o. ) ... usually Tuesday night ... faintly , we hear a amplify voice : caller I ... seven ... Ed sit at a long table , stare at the window , a light cigarette in he mouth . caller ... bee ... four ... ed ( v.o. ) doris be not big on divine worship ... doris be concentrate on the six card spread in front of she . ed ( v.o. ) ... and I doubt if she believe in life everlast ; she would most likely tell you that we reward be on this earth and bingo be probably the extent of it ... still focus on she card , doris mutter to Ed : doris watch you card , honey . caller I ... sixteen ... Ed continue to gaze off at the window , smoke plume from he cigarette . ed ( v.o. ) I be not crazy about the game , but , I do not know , it make she happy , and I find the set peaceful . caller gee ... nine ... doris suck in she breath . doris Jesus , bingo-- bingo ! barbershop Sun slant in through the big window at the end of the day . Ed sweep hair trimming , look intently down at the floor , a cigarette dangle from he lip . Frank sit on one of the vinyl wait chair , talk at Ed 's back . frank ... so you tie you own fly , Ed . I mean , if you be really serious . you tie you own fly , you do a -- I know it 's matickless , I know , people say , hey , you can buy fly at the store -- but you can buy you fish at the store , Ed , you see what I be say ? ed uh-huh . frank the point be there 's a certain art to the process . the point be not merely to provide , and let I point out , this fish be not as dumb as you might think . ed uh-huh . frank sportsmanship ! that 's my point . June fly , ed? mosquito ? which of this ? well , what fish do you seek ? ed yeah . frank sure , go to the store . go there , describe to the man where you will be fishing , and for what , and the weather condition , sun , no sun , whatnot , and so forth , and then you might as well have the man go ahead and sell you the goddamn fish , Ed ... we see a black -suite figure approach through the window at the far end of the shop . he be almost blow out by the late - day sunlight hit the window . frank ... my point be , this be a man who know nothing no matter how much you tell he , so sell he the goddamn fish , Ed . the bell over the front door tinkle , and the swarthy middle - age man walk in . he be well dress -- perhaps a little too snazzily for this small town -- and have a sporty pencil mustache . man ok , boy , which of you get the privilege ? frank we be just close , friend . man oh , happy day ! I wish I be do well enough to turn away business ! more power to ya , brother ! the public be damned ! frank hey , what 's you problem , friend ? this be a business establishment with post hour -- Ed cut in with a jerk of the head . ed I will take care of he , go ahead , Frank . have a seat , mister . Frank look sourly at the stranger . frank ... you sure , Eddie ? ed yeah , yeah -- go home . as Frank leave : frank in you ear , mister . the stranger chuckle . stranger oh , that fiery mediterrans . say ! not so fast there , brother -- Ed have switch on the clipper , but the stranger wave he back ; he lift off a toupee . stranger ... pretty good , huh ? fool even the expert . 100 percent human hair , handcraft by Jacques of San Francisco , and I would hate to have to tell you what I pay for it . ed uh-huh . stranger yes , it 's a nice rug . I be pay for it down on the installment plan ... Ed start to trim the stranger 's fringe . stranger ... a lot of folk live with the pate expose . they say the dame think it 's sexy . but for my money it 's just not good groom -- and groom , my friend , be probably the most important thing in business -- after personality , of course ... he twist around to offer he hand . stranger ... creighton tolliver , pleased to know ya . ed Ed crane . what bring you to Santa Rosa ? creighton a goose , friend . I be chase a wild goose . Ed , have you ever hear of venture capital ? ed uh -- creighton well , it 's the wildest goose there be . Risk money . very speculative . except , Ed , in certain situation , it 's not , see ? I think I have a prospect here . well , I make the haul up and this lousy so- and - so tell I he situation have change -- all he capital 's gonna be tie up in expansion plan of he own . thank you , mother ! pop go another bubble ! it 's only the biggest business opportunity since Henry Ford and I can not seem to interest a soul ! ed that right . creighton it 's call dry clean . you hear I right , brother , ' dry clean ' -- wash without water , no sud , no tumble , no stress on the clothes . it 's all do with chemical , friend , and you garment end up crisp and fresh . and here 's the capper : no shrinkage . ed huh . creighton that 's right ! dry clean -- remember the name . it 's go to revolutionize the laundry industry , and that that get in early be gonna bear the fruit away . all I need be $ 10,000 to open my first store , then I use its cash flow to finance another , and so on -- leap frog , bootstrap myself a whole chain . well , I and a partner . cleanliness , friend . there 's money in it . there 's a future . there 's room to grow ... say , that 's look pretty good . let 's see it with the hairpiece on ... bathroom doorway it be evening . Ed lean against the bathroom doorjamb contemplatively off , hand thrust into he pocket , a cigarette between he lip plume smoke . ed ( v.o. ) dry clean ... the reverse show doris soaking in the tub , read a magazine . ed ( v.o. ) ... be I crazy to be think about it ? be he a huckster , or opportunity , the real mccoy ? Ed take the cigarette from he mouth , exhales . ed ( v.o. ) ... my first instinct be , no , no , the whole idea be nut . but maybe that be the instinct that keep I lock up in the barbershop , nose against the exit , afraid to try turn the knob . what if I could get the money ? doris honey ? ed mm. she lift one leg and rest the heel on the rim of the tub . doris shave my leg , will ya ? Ed saunter over , perches on the tub and put the cigarette back in he mouth to free he hand . he pick up a bar of soap and start soap the leg . he set down the soap and pick up a safety razor . the razor take long slow stroke along the lather , dark bit of hair fleck the white foam . ed ( v.o. ) ... it be clean . no water . chemical . he shake the razor in the tub . shaving float away across the soap-slicked water . doris ( absently , as she read ) gimme a drag . Ed pull the cigarette from he mouth between two finger , use the two finger to flip it over , and hold it for doris as she suck . he bring the cigarette , now mark with lipstick , back to he own mouth . she murmur : doris ... Love ya , honey . a door we hear a voice , muffle through the door , break into laughter . a hand enter to knock . voice yeah , come in . the door swing open to show creighton in he shirtsleeve sit on the bed , talk on the phone . a tray of room - service dish sit near he . he be bald ; he hairpiece sit on the pillow next to he . creighton ( into the phone ) ok ... yeah . I will see you tomorrow . he hang up , look quizzically at ed. creighton ... oh , I think you be the porter ... can I help you ? Ed stand awkwardly by the door . ed ... I be , uh , ed. the stranger 's look do not show recognition . ed ... Ed crane . remember ? today ? creighton sorry , friend , I , uh , you get I at a disadvantage . ed I be , uh , I be - - the barber . creighton Jesus ! the barber ! I will be a sonofagun . why do not you say so ? ' course - - the barber . Ed nod , he smile faint and force . creighton ... I do not recognize you without the smock . do I -- damn --did I leave something at the shop ? ed no . I might be interested in that , uh , business proposition -- creighton , surprised , quickly pick up he hairpiece and arrange it on he head . creighton you get the dough ?! ed I can get it , yeah . creighton come in , come in , siddown over there . coffee ? ed no. I - - tell I -- creighton sure . ed what 's involved , aside from put up the money ? what be you look for the partner to do ? creighton do ? Hell , nothing . well , you will want to keep tabs on you investment , of course , but I be look for a silent partner . I have do the research , I have contact the vendor , the deal be set . I be just look for venture capital , friend . disappear if you want , check in whenever you like -- I want the dough ; I do not take attendance . ed and how do we share -- creighton fifty-fifty , straight down the line . you and I . Finance and expertise . so -- you have get the dough then , do ya ? ed I will have it in a week . creighton well , I will be damned . the barber ! and I think this trip be a bust . well ... he reach for a bottle of bond whiskey on the night stand and hand Ed a glass . creighton ... it just go to show , when one door slam shut , another one open . here 's to ya , uh ... ed ed. they both knock back the whiskey . creighton lean back and give Ed a heavy - lidd stare , a faint smile on he lip , he hairpiece slightly askew . Ed stare back . after a beat , without take he eye of Ed , creighton reach up and loosen he tie . a almost imperceptible wink . Ed stare . ed ... be that a pass ? creighton ( hoarsely ) maybe . ed you be out of line , mister . creighton throw up he hand apologetically . creighton no problem ! ed Way out of line . creighton right ! strictly business . ed yeah . close on typewritten note it say : I know about you and doris crane . cooperate or ed crane will know . you wife will know . everyone will know . gather $ 10,000 and await instruction . a hand pull the note out of a typewriter carriage . ed ( v.o. ) I send it to Dave the next morning . and I wait . barbershop we be look down at the top of a eight - year - old 's crew cut as clipper buzz its perimeter . Frank read a magazine . the youngster read a comic as Ed work he head . ed Frank . frank huh ? ed this hair . frank yeah . ed ... you ever wonder about it ? frank whuddya mean ? ed I do not know ... how it keep on come . it just keep grow . frank yeah -- lucky for we , huh , pal ? ed no , I mean it 's grow , it 's part of we . and we cut it off . and throw it away . frank come on , Eddie , you be gonna scare the kid . Ed shut off the clipper and give the apron a flap . ed ok , bud , you be through . the kid hop down , still read he comic , and amble out the door . Ed give Frank a consider stare . ed ... I be gonna take he hair and throw it out in the dirt . frank what the -- ed I be gonna mingle it with common house dirt . frank what the hell be you talk about ? Ed turn back to the counter to hang up he clipper . ed I do not know . skip it . ext . ed' house it be twilight . Ed lift the latch on the front gate and , cigarette in he mouth , head up the walk . Music filter out from the house . int . ed' house Ed walk though the live room , hand in he pocket . the music emanate from a radio in the bedroom . doris Ed ? a track forward reveal doris sit at a vanity , do she hair . her dress be half zipped at the back . doris ... gimme a zip . Ed walk over behind she . ed where you go ? doris me? we ! the party at nirdlinger 's -- I tell you last week , for the Christmas push . ed yeah , right . we be close on the zipper as Ed 's hand take the tab , pause , the lower it slightly . her back bloom through the dark fabric of the dress . he slide the zipper up , and doris reach for a perfume atomizer . doris come on , get ready . it 's important . ed Nah , go ahead . I be not big on party . doris oh , do not be a grump . sale floor it be festoon with streamer . Ed lean against a wall , one hand dig into a pocket , the other bring a cigarette to he lip . Band music play and nirdlinger 's employee whirl on the dance floor . bobby-sox teenager lindy -hop and pass palm over they knee . a thin young man in a sport coat stand next to Ed , watch , he Adam 's apple bob . young man Wild , man ! he go out onto the dance floor . Ed , leave by himself , gaze across the floor . his view , break by dancer ' cross , show Big Dave worriedly talk to doris . doris react angrily . Big Dave morosely absorb the angry word from doris . he glance up toward Ed and notice he gaze with consternation . he give doris a jerk of the head , and she too look over . voice you in lady ' wear ? the young man with the Adam 's apple be back , look out at the floor , snap he finger . ed ... huh ? young man have not I see you up in lady ' wear ? ed I do not work here . my wife do . young man uh-huh . some beat , huh ? ed yeah . young man check out the rack on that broad in the angora . ed uh-huh . a hand be laid on Ed 's shoulder . it be Big Dave ; he lean in to murmur : dave ed. can I talk to you ? big dave' office Music from the party drift in only faintly . the office be build into a corner of the sale floor . it be dominate by a large desk . a large window on the far side afford a partial view of the floor . dave siddown . siddown ... Ed sit in a leather chair in front of the desk . Dave fumble nervously on top of the desk for a cigar . he trim the end of the cigar with a short double - blade knife with a steel grip . dave ... souvenier it off a jap in New guinea . he hand one cigar to Ed , take one for himself , then drag up a chair to face Ed 's . dave ... I guess you be wonder what doris be so hot about . the office be dark , the only illumination come from the window onto the bright sale floor behind Big Dave . Ed lean forward for Dave to light he cigar . dave ... this be havanas . Romeo and juliet . private stock . Dave , have light Ed 's cigar , draw nervously on he own . dave ... Ed , I ... ed what be it , Dave ? Dave break down , weep . he bury he face in he hand , the burn cigar in he right hand perilously close to he hair . dave Ed , I have be weak ... his shoulder heave . dave ... I have , uh ... I have , uh ... thanks . Ed have take Dave 's cigar so that he will not burn himself . dave ... I have , uh ... oh , Jesus . I have be carry on with a marry woman . uh , no one you know . and now the , uh -- what be it they say ? -- the -- the -- the chicken be come home to roost . Ed awkwardly hold the two burn cigar . ed uh-huh . dave Hell , I , I be not proud of it . but , uh , that 's not the worst of it . I get a note . a blackmail note . you know , come across or everybody know . ed uh-huh . dave well , you know what that would do to I . ed I guess it would be pretty awkward . dave awkward ?! Ann would throw I out on my keister ! Hell , it 's she family 's store - -* she * store . I serve at the indulgence of the goddamn ownership , Ed . ed uh-huh . dave I only work here ! and the lady 's husband would know ... oh , Jesus . ed how much to they want , Dave ? dave $ 10,000 ! I do not know what to do , Ed . I do not know what I * can * do . even though I know who the sonofabitch be . ed ... you know ... who * who * be ? dave the sonofabitch . the blackmailer . it 's , uh , it 's no one you know . it 's a businessman from Sacramento . a goddamn pansy , Ed . he try to rope I into some crackpot scheme ; I hear he out and then tell he to go to hell . and the very next day , the very next day , Ed , I get blackmail for the same amount . ed would he ... it sound pretty obvious . dave well , I guess he do not care that it 's obvious . ed mm. how , uh ... how do he know that -- dave he 's stay at the hotel I have go to with , uh , with the lady in question . must have see we . Big Dave blow he nose , reach to take he cigar from Ed . dave ... thanks ... he exhales with a long sigh . dave ... oh , Jesus . ed ... why do not you just pay he , Dave ? dave that 's my capitalization on the annex ! * my* operation , Ed ! Christ almighty . that 's what I be just talk to doris about , a way of get the money from the store that we could hide from Ann . ed mm. dave embezzle , ed. from my own goddamn wife ! he give a tearful chuckle . dave ... doris , she be pretty hot about that . God bless she . she do not know I be tell you this -- she 's mad enough already . but Jesus , Ed , you be the only one I can talk to . I be , I be sorry I ... I better get back to the party . he rise and clear he throat as he rub the tear from he face . dave ... I look all right ? pulling ed he have leave the office to wander through a adjacent room light only by spill from the party . it be the music department ; pianos and spinet be arrange across the floor . ed ( v.o . ) in a way I feel bad for Big Dave . I know the ten grand be go to pinch he where it hurt ... Ed sit on a piano stool next to a stand ashtray . he take out a cigarette , light it off he cigar , stub out the cigar . ed ( v.o. ) ... but doris be two -time I and I guess , somewhere , that pinch a little too . his attention be catch by a distant knock of wood . someone be raise the key-guard on a piano across the room . the person can only be see only obscurely , from three - quarter behind , through the sale floor 's jumble of haphazardly arrange instrument . the person begin to play . Ed listen . the piece be slow , sweet , almost a lullaby . the player , unaware that there be a audience , play on , and Ed listen , eye narrow against the smoke curling past he face . the piece end . ed that be pretty . the player turn , surprised . it be a young woman . ed ... do you make that up ? young woman oh , no . that be write by Mr ludwig van Beethoven . Ed nod recognition of the name . ed that be quite something . young woman he write some beautiful piano sonatas . ed that be something . I be Ed crane . young woman I know who you be , Mr crane . his look show surprise . young woman ... my father use to take I with he when he get he hair cut . walter abundas ? Ed 's head tilt back in acknowledgment . young woman ... I be Rachel abundas . everyone call I birdy . ed sorry , I just do not remember . birdy oh , that 's all right . you can not be expect to remember every skinny girl who come in with she dad . Ed give a wry smile . ed ... you do not like the music out there ? birdy it 's ok , I guess . no , I do not really . I be not big on music , ordinarily . a woman call sharply from offscreen : voice Ed . he look . silhouett in the doorway to the party room be doris , coat over she arm , purse in hand . ed' car doris and Ed be drive home . doris draw heavily on a cigarette , look flintily out at the road . doris ... what a knucklehead . ed who ? doris Dave . ed how 's that ? doris ahh ... she wave angrily . doris ... money problem . he 's think about cancel the annex . ed so ? doris * that mean I do not run nirdlinger 's !* ed mm. they ride in silence for a beat . doris shake she head . doris ... what a knucklehead . STREET as the car roar past and into the distance . another STREET it be day . we be look from inside a park car toward a hotel entrance . Big Dave emerge from the hotel , get into a Packard and drive off . ed ( v.o. ) Big Dave do it , though ... Ed , sit in he car , be watch . ed ( v.o. ) ... I send a note tell he where to drop the money ... HOTEL hallway Ed emerge from a stairwell and go to a stand ashtray by the elevator . ed ( v.o. ) ... and he do . he come across . Ed reach into the trash hole in the ashtray column and pull out a nirdlinger 's bag . he go back to the stairwell . another floor Ed emerge from the stairwell , go to a door and knock . the door swing open . creighton yeah , good , how be ya , come in ... Ed follow he into the room . creighton ... you bring a check ? ed Cash . creighton Cash ?! he give Ed a look . creighton ... usually we do this kind of thing with a bank draft . but cash -- that 's fine -- it 's all the same in the end -- dough 's dough , huh ? ed sure . creighton I get the paperwork here . partnership papers here , they reflect we agreement : fifty - fifty on the net , I supply professional service , you supply the capital . I will give you a receipt on the dough there , huh ? ed yeah . creighton pretty straightforward , but I do not know if you wanna show this stuff to a lawyer -- ed it 's ok . creighton yeah , screw them , huh ? pay them to tangle it up and then you pay them to untangle it , what 's the point ? he perspire as he count the money . creighton ... just a second here , I will give you a receipt on the , uh ... whoa , nellie ... oh , by the way , we do not talk about this , I , uh , I think I be gonna call the place tolliver 's , after I , you know , I do not think you be much interested in , uh -- ed that will be fine . creighton yeah , good . lemme just , uh ... he wipe he brow , finish count . creighton ... yeah , that 's it . as per we discussion . ed uh-huh . creighton hand Ed a execute agreement and a receipt . creighton well , there it be . writ large in legal escriture , next step be -- ed look , uh ... creighton ... he give creighton a level stare , smoke plume from the cigarette plant in he mouth . ed ... you be not gonna screw I on this ? creighton * screw * you -- Jesus ! take it to a lawyer ! no , I insist ! this be * dry * clean , this be not some fly - by - night thing here ! I must say , I have be a entrepreneur for thirteen year and I have never -- ed all right . creighton and I have never be ask -- look , you want the dough back ? you know who I be ! you -- ed ok . creighton mop he brow again . creighton so , uh ... tolliver 's be ok then ? car Ed drive with the usual cigarette in he mouth . doris sit next to he . rural scenery slip by in the background . ed ( v.o. ) the next day be Saturday . we be go to a reception for doris ' cousin gina , who would just marry a wop vintner out near modesto . doris do not much feel like go , and I do not either , but , like she say , we have a commitment . doris gaze stonily out at the road . at length : doris ... I hate wop . Ed give she a brief glance . doris glare at he . doris ... what 's so damn strange about that ? ed I do not say a word . she look back out at the road . doris ...* you * do not have to grow up with them . this bring nothing from ed. doris shake she head . doris ... family . Boy . by a barn wop in Sunday clothing greet each other around table pile with food . a small child run up to he mother , yank on she dress and scream : child he 's ridin ' Garibaldi ! uncle frankie 's ridin ' Garibaldi ! surrounded by cheer child , with a jug of wine sling over he shoulder , Frank be riding a enormous pig . he slap at the pig 's ass with a large straw hat . ed ( v.o. ) that be when she start drink . doris be stand by one of the table , drink red wine from a water glass . Ed stand nearby . a large woman hug doris . woman how you doin ' , doris , you be ok ? doris how're you , constanza ? woman oh , you know , I get my healt ' . and how you be , uh ... ed ed. woman Ed . how 's a business ? ed ok . woman ( to doris ) he 's a barber , right ? it 's a good trade . so how come you get no kid ? picnic table a group of kid pull Frank , laugh , by the hand toward a picnic table set out with pie in a row . voice uncle frankie 's gotta join ! wait for frankie ! frank no , come on , kid -- I just eat lunch ! voice no , no -- uncle frankie 's gotta join ! a old man stand by with a stopwatch . old man ready ... he click the timer . old man ... go ! Frank and the line of child plunge they face into the line of blueberry pie . the other picnicker cheer they on . elsewhere Ed and doris approach the innocent-look young couple accept congratulation . doris , hold she empty glass , be not a happy drunk : doris ' gratulation , gina . it 's so goddamn wonderful . ed congratulation , gina . doris life be so goddamn wonderful , you almost will not believe it . ed honey ... doris it 's just a goddamn bowl of cherries , I be sure . Ed try to lead she away . ed honey ... doris call back over she shoulder : doris congratulation on you goddamn cherries ! as Ed and doris recede we hear she petulant : doris ... leggo my goddamn elbow . elsewhere in a long shot we see Frank at the crest of a hill , staggering slowly , painfully , toward a tree . in he right hand he clutches a trophy . when he reach the tree he swing he free hand up against it , lean forward , and vomit . car late afternoon , drive home . Ed drive . doris sit in the front passenger seat , snore lightly . Frank sit in the back seat hugging he trophy to he chest , eye close , murmure : frank I never wanna see another blueberry pie ... silence . frank ... I never even wanna hear that word . doris moan . more silence . frank ... do not say that word , ed. ext . bungalow it be twilight . Ed 's coupe be park in the driveway . he be just round the back of the car to open the passenger - side door . he pull doris from the car , half asleep , half drunk . int . bungalow the door swing open and Ed stumble in support doris , who have one arm drape around he neck . he help she into the bedroom and ease she onto the bed . he sit on the edge of the bed and look down at she . shadows from branch just outside wave across she face . she be breathe through she open mouth ; she face be moist with perspiration . ed ( v.o. ) I would meet doris blind on a double - date with a loudmouthed buddy of mine who be see a friend of hers from work . we go to a movie ; doris have a flask ; we kill it . she could put it away . at the end of the night she say she like it I do not talk much . a couple week later she suggest -- a harsh jangle from the telephone . doris moan but do not wake ; Ed rise and do to the live room and pick up the phone . ed yeah . voice Ed , it 's Big Dave . I gotta talk to you . ed what --now ? dave please , Ed . ed but it 's ... dave please , Ed . Ed sigh . ed you place ? dave I be at nirdlinger 's . let yourself in . ed ok . he hang up . he nudge doris . ed ... honey . she murmur . ed ... honey . she roll away and burrow into a pillow . Ed open she purse and poke through it . nirdlinger be we be look over Ed 's shoulder as he hesitantly swing open a door . it reveal Big Dave 's office , quiet and rather dark . a down - face banker 's lamp on the desk illuminate Big Dave 's hand on the desktop . ed ... Dave ? dave come on in . Ed enter , sit . a awkward silence . ed ... what 's the problem , Big Dave ? another silence . dave ... I be ruin . his hand writhe on the desktop . dave ... it ruin I . this money . no annex . I be all shot to hell . ed so you pay the guy ? Big Dave stare without speak . after a long beat : dave ... what kind of man * be * you ? ed ... huh ? dave what kind of man * be * you ? ed Big Dave -- dave I would understand if you would walk in here . sock I in the nose . whatever . I deserve it . ed I , uh ... dave I be not proud of what I do . but * you *. no one talk . Big Dave sigh . dave ... yeah , I pay up . as you well know . and then I go and find the pansy . he look at Ed . dave ... get nothin ' to say , huh ? yeah , well , you already know the story . I do not , I hadda beat it out of the pansy . * you * money . no response . dave ... what kind of man * be * you ? Big Dave rise . dave ... well . he cross around the desk and add , sadly : dave ... I be all shot to hell . Ed start to rise , but Big Dave be already loom over he . Big Dave bear-hug he and then spin he into a wall . Ed hit the wall and bounce off , back into Big Dave . Big Dave wallop he in the stomach . Ed double over . dave ... what kind of man * be * you ? Big Dave hurl he against the desk , then slam he face against the desktop . Ed 's hand scrabble at the top of the desk as Big Dave grab he by the neck and lift . he slam he face - first into the window between the office and the dark sale floor . Ed twist around , the back of he head now press against the glass . Big Dave 's hand lock around he throat . Big Dave sweat and strain . a crack shoot up the pane of glass . Ed 's hand sweep up and plunge something into Big Dave 's neck . Big Dave grunt and turn away , gurgle . his hand go up to he throat . Ed watch . he be hold Big Dave 's cigar trimmer . Big Dave take a couple of deliberate step backward , he head twisted away . he fall back , trip up by a chair , which spin he face - down onto the floor . Big Dave crawl away face - down across the floor , on he knee but with he hand still at he throat . his face and knee awkwardly support he weight as if he be push something across the floor with he nose . he reach a corner but still push forward , wedge himself in , leg still scraping away as if to push himself through the wall . blood be pool out from under he . Big Dave 's leg be still work . his gurgle continue . Ed watch . Big Dave 's leg start to move furiously . they convulse . his whole body shake as he go into shock . Ed watch . Big Dave stop shaking . he remain wedge awkwardly into the corner , face - down . he be still . the room be very quiet . Ed look down at he hand . he walk across the room , push the door open and walk across the darken sale floor . ext . store Ed walk to he car . he do not look about , be not particularly furtive . he get into the car . he start the ignition . ext . house he pull up , sit motionless for a beat . gradually , something draw he attention ; he cock he head and look up through the windshield . a branch creak and sway in the breeze . int . house Ed get into bed next to doris . he stare at the ceiling . wind rustle outside . the shadow of a branch on the ceiling nod in time with the wind . he look at doris . her face be still lightly sheen with sweat but she mouth be close now , she breathe more peaceful . the leafy shadow play over she face . ed ( v.o. ) ... it be only a couple of week after we meet that doris suggest get marry . I say , do not you wanna get to know I more ? she say , why , do it get better ? she look at I like I be a dope , which I have never really minded from she . and she have a point , I guess . we know each other as well then as now ... he be gaze at she . ed ( v.o. ) ... anyway , well enough . sound and image face . barbershop the next day . Ed cut hair , a cigarette between he lip . frank Holy -moly , do I get a headache . Frank be give a haircut as well . frank ... how you today , Ed ? ed ok . frank you do not get a headache ? ed ... Nah . frank damn , I get a headache to beat the band . later Ed sit in he chair , hand fold in he lap , head tilt back , eye close . we hold on Ed as we hear a clipper buzzing and Frank talk to someone in he chair . frank ya can not pump it . do ya pump it ? that will just flood it . customer ya gotta pump it . ya can not just hold it down . * that will * flood it . frank you crazy ? you pump it ? customer well , ya can not hold it down . there be the jingle of the door bell . Ed open he eye . two man in fedora be enter . Ed start to rise . man 1 Ed crane ? ed right . man 1 come on outside . ed sure . outside the two man be stare at the sidewalk , smoking , hesitant to speak . one of they finally come up with a icebreaker : man 2 ... so you be a barber , huh ? ed that 's right . man 1 I be Officer persky . this be kreb . Ed nod toward they car : ed ... we goin ' ? kreb huh ? no. beat . persky ... cigarette ? Ed hold up one hand with its smoking cigarette . persky right . uh ... Pete 's get some news for you . his partner give persky a dirty look . kreb ... look , pal , it 's a tough break , but , uh ... well damnit , you wife 's be pinch . persky they send we to tell ya . ed huh ? kreb they send we to tell ya . we pull the detail . ed my * wife *? persky yeah , uh , they brung she to the county jail , uh ... kreb homicide . persky well , embezzlement . and homicide . a guy name David brewster . he 's , uh ... he 's the decedent . ed I do not understand . kreb he 's the dead guy . Ed stare at he . persky ... yeah , it 's a tough break . kreb visit end at five . too late today . you can see she tomorrow . persky sorry , pal . they send we to tell ya . he shake he head . persky ... crap detail . residential STREET it be evening . Ed be pull up to a house on a tree-line street similar to he own . he get out of he car and go up the walk , and a man sit on the porch swing hold up a hand of greeting . man ' lo , ed. ed hello , walter . he step up on the porch . the man be hold a tumbler of whiskey and ice that clink as the swing move . his skin glisten with drinker 's sweat , and he have the slightly expansive manner of someone who 's put at least a couple away . walter have a seat . Ed glance around but the swing be the only seat . he sit next to walter . ed thanks . thanks for see I , at home . walter oh , hell . drink ? ed no thanks . walter sure you do not need one ? ed I be fine . walter ok . boy. Jesus ! ed yeah . what do I , uh ... walter well , of course , I , uh , it 's out of my league , criminal stuff . I do , uh , probate , real estate , title search , uh ... I would be absolutely worthless , something like this . absolutely worthless . he belch . walter ' scuse I , just finish dinner . um. frankly , doris would be better off with the county defender . ed he a good man ? walter bert 's ok , sure , he 's a good man . I will not kid you though , Ed , nobody around here have any experience with this kind of , er ... and I hear they be bring a prosecutor up from Sacramento . Capital offense . take it seriously ... hmm ... ed so -- walter take it seriously . ed so , who should I - - the front door open and someone speak through the screen : voice you want any coffee , dad ? Ed look around at the voice . voice oh , hello , Mr crane . she step out : it be birdy abundas . Ed rise , and they awkwardly shake hand . ed hello , Rachel . birdy I be so sorry ... I be sorry to hear . ed yeah . thanks . walter coffee , Ed ? ed I be fine . thanks . walter no thanks , honey . birdy ok . Nice to see you , Mr crane . they watch she go back in . walter damnit ! she 's a good kid . Ed nod . a beat . ed ... so , uh , who should I - - walter well , there 's Lloyd garroway in San Francisco . probity -- you know , no one ever say anything iffy about Lloyd garroway . Conservative . jury might like that . might like that here . he take a sip of he drink . walter ... probity . ed uh-huh . be he the best then , for , uh ... walter well , the best , the money - be - no-object best , for a criminal case , any lawyer would tell you freddy riedenschneider . out of Sacramento . ' course , I do not know how you be fix for money . ed uh-huh . he 's the , uh ... walter yeah , the best . he sniff . walter ... yeah , riedenschneider . wish I could tell you more . Hell , I wish I could handle it myself . but I would be absolutely worthless for this kind of thing . he take a muse sip . walter ... criminal matter ? freddy riedenschneider . he think . walter ... no question about it . ed at a table it be a long table with chair stretch down both side , one side for prisoner , the other for visitor . the room be empty except for a guard and a elderly woman who sit across from a young woman at the far end of the table . the young woman , in a prison smock , be wail . the elderly woman be hold she hand . Ed sit across from a empty chair , clutching a flower - print toiletry kit . there be echoing voice suggest large space outside the room . he sit and wait . approach footstep . the door open . a large prison matron step aside to let doris enter . doris look lose in a prison - issue jumper that be too big for she . her hair be uncurle and bedraggle . not only be she not make - up , she have a couple of bruise and a cut on she lip . as Ed stand , she give a hollow look around . ed honey ... I bring you make -up . she look at he . doris honey . ed how be you ? she shrug . doris I do not know what 's go on . I -- ed what happen to you ? she shake she head . doris ... I do not know what happen to Big Dave . I know some of it . irregularity in my book , they say . can I explain it . ed you do not have to -- doris I help he cook the book , ed. I do do that . ed you do not have to tell they anything . we be get you a lawyer . doris do not seem to be listen . she sigh : doris I know all about that . but I do not know how much to tell they . ed do not tell them anything . we be get you freddy riedenschneider . doris finally look at he . doris should I ... should I tell you why ? ed you do not have to tell I anything . her gaze drift away again . she notice the sobbing woman . doris Jesus Christ . doris look around and laugh . doris ... my book use to be perfect . anyone could open they up , make sense of the whole goddamn store . ed honey ... doris I know we would pay for it . barbershop Ed sit in a wait - customer chair , wear he smock . Frank pace in front of he . he smack a fist into he palm . frank this be what family be for , Ed ! this be when ya come together ! ed yeah . frank Close rank ! goddamnit ! that son of bitch ! ed Frank , uh , you know I will try to contribute , but , uh -- freddy riedenschneider -- frank I do not care what it cost ! this be when ya come together ! ed that 's very generous . frank the hell with it , Eddie ! bank Ed and Frank sit wait on a bench in the high -vault lobby . Frank look uncomfortable in a ill-fitting suit . as they wait , he look nervously about . in a hushed voice : frank they be just people like you and I , ed. remember that . ed uh-huh . frank just people . they gotta put up the big front so that people will trust they with they money . this be why the big lobby , Ed . but they put they pants on one leg at a time . just like you and I . ed uh-huh . frank they too use the toilet , Ed . in spite of appearance . and they money will be secure by the barbershop . a rock . a *rock* , the barbershop . I mean , how long have * this * place be here ? a door open . a conservatively dress man of late middle age emerge . man Mr raffo ? Frank hop to he foot . frank yes , sir . man could you come with I please ? frank sure . can Ed come too ? the man look dubiously at Ed . man mr...? ed crane . Ed crane . man you also have a interest in the secure property ? frank he 's a barber . man ah. frank second chair . man not a owner . frank no , he 's family , he 's my brother - in - law . man ah-hah . it would be best if he wait here . he go to the glass - pane doorway to he office , Frank trail dejectedly behind . they enter , the door close , and we hear they muffle voice from inside , the sense of the word lose . Ed sit and watch the two man perform they pantomime of business : Frank nervously read document with one hand cup to he forehead for concentration ; the banker pass successive document across he desk with a word of explanation for each as Frank sign . Ed take out a cigarette and light it , watch impassively . ed ( v.o. ) the barbershop . doris and Frank 's father have work thirty year to own it free and clear . now it get sign over to the bank , and the bank sign some money over to Frank , and Frank sign the money over ... tracking point of view it be midday . we be tracking along the sidewalk toward a long cream - color Packard park at the curb . a couple of kid have stop to peer into the car 's window ; the car be no doubt the fanciest in town . ed ( v.o. ) ...to freddy riedenschneider , who get into town two day later ... Ed , come up the sidewalk , look up at the storefront : a restaurant with a large window with a plush red drape that obscure the interior . gilt lettering on the window spell out " davinci 's " . ed ( v.o. ) ... and tell I to meet he at davinci 's for lunch . tracking point of view Inside the restaurant . we be tracking toward a table whose lone occupant sit with he back to we hold open a menu as he order from a face waitress : man ... not fry , poach . Three of them for two minute . a strip steak medium rare , flapjack , potato , tomato juice , and plenty of hot coffee . he flip the menu over . man ... do you have prairie oyster ? waitress no , sir . man then bring I a fruit cocktail while I wait . he look up at Ed . man ... you be Ed crane ? ed yeah -- man barber , right ? I be freddy riedenschneider . hungry ? they tell I the chow 's ok here . I make some inquiry . ed no thanks , I -- the waitress set a fruit cocktail in front of riedenschneider . riedenschneider look , I do not wanna waste you time so I will eat while we talk . ya mind ? * you * do not mind . so while I be in town I will be stay at the Hotel metropole , the turandot suite . yeah , it 's goofy , the suite be name after opera ; room 's ok though , I poke around . I be have them hold it for I on account of I will be back and forth . in addition to my retainer , you be pay hotel , live expense , secretarial , private eye if we need to make inquiry , headshrinker should we go that way . we will talk about appeal if , as and when . for right now , have she confess ? ed no . of course not . she do not do it . riedenschneider good ! that help . not that she do not do it , that she do not confess . of course , there 's way to deal with a confession , but that 's good ! -- one less thing to think about . now. interview . I be see she tomorrow . you should be there . Three o'clock . one more thing : you keep you mouth shut . I get the lay of the land , I tell * you * what to say . no talk out of school . what 's out of school ? everything 's out of school . I do the talk ; you keep you trap shut . I be a attorney , you be a barber ; you do not know anything . understood ? ed ...ok . riedenschneider good ! any question give I a ring -- turandot suite ; if I be out leave a message . you sure you do not want anything ? no ? he point a finger at ed. riedenschneider ... you be ok , pal . you be ok , she 's ok . everything 's gonna be hunky - dory . the waitress put down a plate of steak and egg . riedenschneider ... and the flapjack , honey . drive point of view we be look at pedestrian on the sidewalk through the windshield of a move car . ed ( v.o. ) all go about they business . it seem like I know a secret -- a bigger one even then what have really happen to Big Dave , something none of they know ... on Ed , drive . ed ( v.o. ) ... like I have make it to the outside , somehow , and they be all still struggle , way down below . ed in bed arm fold behind he head , stare at the ceiling . on the ceiling be the move shadow of a tree limb . a distant , muffle knock . Ed turn he head . front door Ed open it as he finish cinching a bathrobe . the woman wait on the front porch be dress in black : a black dress and a black veile hat that be too big for she bird - like frame . wind rustle in the tree behind she . she stare at Ed . ed ann. for the first time , we hear she speak , in a low , tremulous voice : ann hello , ed. ed Ann . will you come in ? she shake she head . ann ... no , no , it 's very late . Ed nod . after a uncomfortable beat , through which she continue to stare : ed ... I be so sorry about you loss . ann yes . thank you . ed of course , you know , doris have nothing to do with it . nothing at all . she lay a black - glove hand on he arm . ann oh , I know . do not worry , ed. I come to tell you ... ed yes , Ann ? ann and you should tell doris ... she fall silent . the tree behind she rustle . she give a wary look back . then , confidingly , to Ed : ann ... you know how Big Dave love camp . and the out -of-door . Ed be puzzle : ed yes ? ann we go camp last summer . in Eugene , Oregon . * outside * of Eugene , Ed . she give he a search look , hope , it seem , that he will find this significant . ed ... yes ? ann at night , there be light -- we both see they . we never tell anyone , outside of we official report . ed Ann -- ann a spacecraft . I see the creature . they lead Big Dave onto the craft . he never tell anyone what they do , outside of he report . of course he tell * I * . no one else . ed Ann -- ann the government know . I can not repeat it to you . but this thing go deep , Ed . this be not you wife . I go deep , and involve the government . there be a great deal of fear . you know how certain circle would find it -- the knowledge - - a threat . they try to limit it , and -- ed Ann , will you come in , sit down , maybe have a drink ? ann sometimes knowledge be a curse , Ed . after this happen , thing change . Big Dave ... he never touch I again . Ed say nothing . she touch he arm . ann ... tell doris not to worry . I know it be not she . perhaps this will bring it out , finally . perhaps now it will all come out . she turn and head down the walk . her high -heeled footstep echo on the walk , then the sidewalk , then be lose in the rustle of leave . Ed watch she go : a small black figure , grow smaller . prison meeting room it be a unadorn room with a simple wooden table and chair . one high window let in a shaft of sunlight . Ed and doris sit at the table ; freddy riedenschneider stand to one side stare up at the high window , hand dig into he pocket . all three be motionless for a long beat . finally : riedenschneider ... it stink . doris but it 's true . riedenschneider I do not care it 's true , it 's not true ; it stink . you say he be be blackmail ; by who ? you do not know . for have a affair ; with who ? you do not know . do anyone else know about it ? probably not ; you do not know . ed I know about it . Big Dave tell I about it , and the spot he be put himself in by get the money . riedenschneider terrific . you husband back you up . that 's terrific . he start pace . riedenschneider ... you have gotta give I something to work with . freddy riedenschneider be good , but he 's not a magician . he can not just wave he little wand in the air and make a plausible defense materialize . look. look at what the other side be gonna run at we . they get the company book , prepare by you --* cook * by you -- that 's motive . they get a murder scene * you * have access to . that 's opportunity . they get that little trimmer thing he be stab in the throat with -- a * dame 's * weapon -- ed it be Big Dave 's . riedenschneider -- do not interrupt I -- that 's means . they get a fine upstand pillar of the business community as a victim , and then they get * you* , a disgruntled number - juggling underl who on the day in question be drunk as a skunk and whose alibi for the time in question be be pass out at home , alone . ed * i* be with she . riedenschneider give he a hard look . riedenschneider ... like I say , it stink . another long pause . ed ... I kill he . riedenschneider eye he . wheel start turn . riedenschneider ok , we forget the blackmail . * you * kill he . how come ? ed he and doris ... be have a affair . doris eye he . his manner do not reveal anything . riedenschneider ok , how do you know ? ed I ... just know . a husband know . riedenschneider roll he eye . riedenschneider will anyone else say they know ? ed I do not know . I do not think so . riedenschneider how do you get into the store ? ed I take doris 's key . riedenschneider will anyone say they see you there ? on you way there ? in there ? on you be back ? ed ... I do not think so . riedenschneider will anyone corroborate and goddamn part of you story at all ? Ed return riedenschneider 's stare . riedenschneider resume pace . riedenschneider ... come on , people . you can not help each other like that . let 's be realistic now . let 's look at we option . well , frankly , I do not * see * any option . a nod of the head indicate doris : riedenschneider ... I can not present Story A. another nod indicate Ed : riedenschneider ... I can not present Story B . I could plead you for a nutcase but you look too compose . I could offer a guilty plea and in return they do not give you the juice , but I do not think you want to spend the rest of you life in chino and I know you do not hire freddy riedenschneider to hold you hand at a sentencing hearing . Hell , you could have get Lloyd garroway for that . no , we be not give up yet ; you hire freddy riedenschneider , it mean you be * not * throw in the towel . I litigate , I do not capitulate . all right , no option , we gotta think . all right , we go back to the blackmail thing . it titillate , it 's open end ... his pace become more animated . riedenschneider ... and it make * he * the bad guy -- ya dig around , ya never know , something unsavory from he past , he approach you to help with the money , it 's too late , he past come back to haunt he , who 's to say ... he be head for the door . riedenschneider ... yeah . ok . forget the jealous husband thing , that 's silly ; we be go with the blackmail . I will be in touch . the door slam . HOTEL lobby the camera drift in toward the reception desk . Ed talk to the clerk behind the desk , but the scene play silently ; we hear only Ed 's narration . ed ( v.o . ) of course , there be * one * person who could confirm doris 's story , or plenty of it : the dry-clean pansy ... the desk clerk be shaking he head . ed ( v.o. ) ... but he would leave the hotel , skip out on he bill ... hallway it be a rooming - house hallway . a stern middle - age woman be on the hall telephone . this too play silently under the narration . ed ( v.o. ) he would also disappear from the residence he give I ... ed' live room we be drift in toward Ed , who nod at the telephone and then cradle it . he stare down at the business card he hold . ed ( v.o. ) ... owe two month 's rent . how could I have be so stupid . handing over $ 10,000 . for a piece of paper . and the man go ... like a ghost ... pulling back from ed in a different live room . he sit on a sofa , hand clasped behind he head , listen . for the first time , as the voice - over continue , we hear atmosphere from the scene : piano music . ed ( v.o. ) ... disappear into thin air , vaporize , like the nip at nagasaki . go now . all go . the money go . Big Dave go . doris go . how could I have be so stupid ? the continue pull - back reveal walter abundas on a nearby chair , also listen as birdy play . walter hold a drink in one hand ; he be nodd ; he eyelid droop . as the piano piece reach its mournful conclusion he chin alight on he chest , he eyelid tremble close , and he start lightly to snore . barbershop the distinctive buzz of electric hairclipper bang in at the cut . Ed and Frank stand behind they respective chair , administer haircut . the customer in Ed 's chair be in white shirtsleeve that do not hide roll of fat . he have a hot towel over he face that do not slow he speech , although it do muffle it to some extent : customer she make this stuff , she call it gatto , it 's get egg in there , it 's get sugar , it 's get -- it 's cake , basically , except she call it gatto . like if you do not call it cake maybe you will not put on any weight , like I need to eat gatto , you know what I be say ? this stuff , if I have have a square meal , I have have my steak and potato , I can just have another cup of coffee afterward , I will not ask for the desert if it 's not there ... his voice turn into a drine under the narration . ed ( v.o. ) sooner or later everyone need a haircut ... customer get the recipe from a magazine , woman 's magazine ... ed ( v.o. ) we be work for the bank now . we keep cut the hair , try to stay afloat , make the payment , tread water , day by day , day by day ... crane down Inside a courtroom we boom down toward the defendant 's table , the fat customer 's drine turn into the drine of the bailiff read a indictment . doris stand next to freddy riedenschneider . ed ( v.o. ) most people think someone 's accuse of a crime , they haul them in and bring them to trial , but it 's not like that , it 's not that fast . the wheel of justice turn slow ... bailiff ... do willfully and with malice aforethought take the life of one David Allen brewster , a human be ... ed ( v.o. ) they have a arraignment , and then the indictment , and they entertain motion to dismiss , and postpone , and change the venue , and alter this and that and the other . they empanel a jury , which bring more motion , and they set a trial date and then change the date , and then often as not they will change it again . bailiff what say you to this charge ? we boom down have end close on doris . we hear freddy riedenschneider , off : riedenschneider we plead not guilty , you honor . barbershop boom down toward the fat man . ed ( v.o. ) and through all of it we cut the hair . customer I say , honey , if you be gonna make a cobbler , make a little bit of cobbler , do not put a whole pan in front of I and tell I it 's not gonna be any good when it 's cold ... opera singers we be pan photographic portrait of opera singer in character , wear the wardrobe of different era , army , dukedom , and boudoir , and display the height and depth of various emotion , they mouth stretch wide in song . we pan off the picture to discover that we be in a hotel room , float in toward a bed on which freddy riedenschneider , a mask over he eye , slumber . ed ( v.o. ) ... meanwhile , freddy riedenschneider sleep at the metropole ... restaurant track in toward freddy riedenschneider , who sit twirling spaghetti with a fork against a spoon . ed ( v.o. ) ... and shovele it in at davinci 's . lateral track from inside a car . pedestrian bustle along a sidewalk . among they scurries a weedy little man who have one hand clamp to the crown of he hat to keep it in place in a stiff wind . ed ( v.o. ) he would bring in a private investigator from Sacramento ... lateral track move the opposite way . a different day , but again a crowd move along the sidewalk , and among they the little man scuttle in the opposite direction , hand still raise to he hat , he forearm and the tilt of he head largely obscure he face . ed ( v.o. ) ...to nose around into Big Dave 's past . pushing in to ed in the abundas live room again , again listen to birdy at the piano , but now the two of they be alone . ed ( v.o. ) I find myself more and more go over to the abundas 's . it be a routine we fall into , most every evening . I even go when walter be away on he research trip . he be a genealogist , have trace back he side of the family seven generation , he late wife 's , eight . it seem like a screwy hobby . but then maybe all hobby be . maybe walter find something there , in the old county courthouse , hospital file room , city archive , property roll , registry , something maybe like what I find listen to birdy play . some kind of escape . some kind of peace ... the piano music end in a sustain which begin to fade , but then be snap by a sharp clang . prison door swing OPEN we be push into the high - window prison meeting room . none of its three occupant be move . the tableau consist of doris stare down at the table ; the private investigator sit on a straightback chair tip back against a wall , he arm fold across he chest , he fedora push back on he head , a toothpick clamp between he tooth ; and freddy riedenschneider , stand , hand clasped behind he back , gaze with a distant smile up into the shaft of light that slant through the high window . a warder shut the door behind Ed . doris and the private investigator turn to note he entrance ; riedenschneider do not . Ed pull out a chair across from doris , clasp he hand on top of hers . ed ' lo , honey . she look at he hand on top of hers . a long beat . still gaze up into the shaft of light , freddy riedenschneider announce : riedenschneider ... they get this guy , in Germany . fritz something - or-other . or be it . maybe it 's Werner . anyway , he 's get this theory , you wanna test something , you know , scientifically - - how the planet go round the sun , what sunspot be make of , why the water come out of the tap -- well , you gotta look at it . but sometimes , you look at it , you look * change * it . ya can not know the reality of what happen , or what * would have * happen if you hadden a stick in you goddamn schnozz . so there * be * no ' what happen . ' not in any sense that we can grasp with we puny mind . because we mind ... out mind get in the way . look at something change it . they call it the ' uncertainty principle . ' sure , it sound screwy , but even Einstein say the guy 's on to something . his gaze up at the window break . he stroll around the room , still smile . riedenschneider ... Science . perception . reality . doubt ... he stop to examine a bur on he fingernail . riedenschneider ... reasonable doubt . I be sayin ' , sometimes , the more you look , the less you really know . it 's a fact . a prove fact . in a way , it 's the only fact there be . this heinie even write it out in number . he look up at the private detective . riedenschneider ... burn ? with a slight weight shift , burn tip he chair so that its front leg slap down onto the floor . he fish a small notebook from a inside pocket . his boredom be profound ; he only concession to performance be to move the toothpick from one side of he mouth to the other where , perhaps , it will less inhibit speech . burn subject : David Allen brewster . bear : Cincinnati , 1911 . Father : insurance salesman ; mother : homemaker . one year case western University on football scholarship . flunk out . 1931 : retail appliance salesman in barnhoff 's department store , Cincinnati . 1933 : meet Ann nirdlinger , marry later that year , move here . 1935 : arrest on a assault complaint ; complainant , a organizer for the ilgwu , have a break nose , couple of rib , wife 's family intercede , some kind of settlement , charge drop . 1936 : another assault beef , bar altercation -- riedenschneider yeah , yeah , couple of fistfight . go to he service record . burn look at he sourly . he flip a couple of page . burn ... inducted March 15 , 1942 , assign to fifth fleet US navy , petty officer first class , serve in clerical capacity in US naval shipyard in San Diego , one fistfight break up by mps , no court martial , honorable discharge May 8 , 1945 . since then he 's be clean . riedenschneider nod , smile . riedenschneider ... thank you , burn , get lose . burn pocket he notebook , adjust he hat , jam he hand into he pocket , and amble out of the room . the slam of the door leave quiet . at length : ed ... so ? riedenschneider 's fix smile now fade . riedenschneider so ? * so ?!* this could be you dolly 's ticket out of the deathhouse , so ! Ed and doris look at each other . ed ... I do not get it . riedenschneider look , chum , this be a guy , from what I understand , tell everybody he be a war hero , right ? Island hopping , practically liberated the Pacific all by himself with a knife in one hand and a gun in the other and twenty yard of jap gut between he tooth . ed yeah . riedenschneider and now it turn out this dope spend the war sit on he ass in some boatyard in San Diego . you ask for blackmail , let I give you blackmail : Mr hale - fellow - well - met , about to open he own business here , have be lie to everybody in this town for the last four year , probably include half the people sit on that jury . well , it finally catch up with he -- this dope , it always do ; someone threaten to spill it . somebody know he dirty little secret , just like you wife say . they call , they demand money ... he be look at doris . riedenschneider ... do Big Dave mention that it be something about he war service ? I do not know , I be not there , * you will * have to tell *us * . maybe he specify , maybe he do not ; I be not put word in you mouth ; the point be that this liar , this cynical manipulator , this man who through he lie sneer and belittle the sacrifice and heroism of all we boy who * do * serve and bleed and puke and die on foreign shore , and who make a fool out of this entire town , turn to * you * to help he out of he jam . fat -ass sonofabitch ! ed so ... who ... who actually -- riedenschneider who ? * who ?!* I do not know who ! but the point be that if Mr prosecutor over there have devote half the time he 's spend persecute * this * woman to even the most cursory investigation of this schmoe 's past , then we might * know * who ! but we can not * know * what really happen ! because of fritz , or Werner , or whatever the hell he name be ! and because I prosecutor be * also * a lazy fat -ass sonofabitch who decide it 's easier to victimize you wife ! because it 's easier * not * to look ! because the more you look , the less you know ! but the beauty of it be , we do not * gotta * know ! we just gotta show that , goddamnit , * they * do not know . reasonable doubt . Science . the atom . * you * explain it to I . go ahead . try . he chuckle as he head for the door . riedenschneider ... yeah , freddy riedenschneider see daylight . we get a real shot at this , folk . let 's not get cocky . the door shut behind he . doris stare down at the table , as at the head of the scene . a silent beat ; a smile start to tug at the corner of she mouth . ed honey ...? the smile twitches , and then stay . doris start to laugh . Ed frown . ed ... honey ? her laughter build , almost to hysteria . finally it subside and , still stare at the tabletop and smile , she shake she head : doris what a dope . abundas live room Ed sit listen as birdy play . she talk , after a moment , she eye on the sheet music : birdy he be deaf when he write this . ed who ? birdy Beethoven . he create it , and yet he never actually hear it . I suppose he hear it all in he head , somehow . over she continue play : ed ( v.o. ) so maybe riedenschneider could get doris off . maybe it would all work out . and I think -- I hope -- that maybe there be a way out for I as well ... a sign the cardboard sign on a easel say " come one , come all / petaluma high school talent show / wednesday april 29 , 1949 , 8:00 p.m . ed ( v.o. ) the girl have talent , anyone could see that . and * she* be not some fly - by-nighter , she be just a good clean kid ... school gymnasium a young man hold a saxophone be just leave the makeshift stage to a smatter of applause . birdy walk out to the baby grand that have be set out center stage . ed ( v.o. ) ... if she be go to have a career she would need a responsible adult look out for she ... we track up the row of fold chair that have be set out on the gym floor for the audience of student and parent , many of whom fan themselves with program . we come to rest on Ed . ed ( v.o. ) ... some kind of ... manager . she would have contract to look at , be go on tour , play on the radio maybe . I could help she sort through all of that , without charge she a arm and a leg , just enough to get by ... birdy begin to play for the quietly attentive audience . ext . school Ed be among the crowd stream from the gym into the warm summer night . he look around the parking lot . ed ( v.o. ) ... I could afford to charge less than the usual manager , not have to put up a big front like a lot of this phony . and I could be with she , enough to keep myself feel ok ... a trace of a frown as he spot she lean against a car , laugh , pass a cigarette back and forth with another student - - a boy . ed ( v.o. ) ... why could not that work ?... why not ?... birdy 's easy smile remain as Ed approach , but the boy 's drop ; he put on a face more suitable for meeting adult . birdy hi , Mr crane . ed hello , birdy . I think that be very good . birdy oh , in there ? I mess up a little bit in the scherzo . I guess , if nobody notice , it 's ok . Mr crane , this be tony , a friend of mine . tony , Mr crane . ed hello , tony . tony hello , sir . silence . the teens wait for the adult to direct the conversation ; Ed have nothing to say . at length , he clear he throat . ed ... well , congratulation . I guess I will be get home . tony Nice to meet you , sir . turandot suite it be morning . we be tracking past a unmade bed toward the bathroom , where we hear water run . ed ( v.o. ) ... anyway , that 's what I be think about in the day lead up to the trial . it seem like once that be over , I would be ready for a new start . freddy riedenschneider be very optimistic . he be busy prepare ... we have round the open bathroom door to find riedenschneider hunch over the sink , toothbrush in hand , spitting out water . he rise , look at himself in the mirror , sprinkle some tonic in he hair . ed ( v.o. ) ... and finally it come ... the first day of the trial ... riedenschneider run he finger through he hair . ed ( v.o. ) ... what riedenschneider call the Big show . he straighten he tie , give he neck a twist . courtroom we be close on the back of riedenschneider 's gleam hair . he be sit at the defense table . there be a murmur of a crowd that have yet to be call to order . frank where 's the judge ? how come there 's no judge ? Ed and Frank sit next to each other in the first gallery row directly behind riedenschneider . frank ... where 's the judge , Ed ? Ed shrug . Frank look at riedenschneider 's back . frank ... how come the judge do not come out ? riedenschneider the judge come in last . he will come in when doris get here . frank so where 's doris ? I think we start at ten . hey , riedenschneider , where 's doris ? riedenschneider be curt : riedenschneider she 's late . frank late ? how can she be late ? riedenschneider do not answer ; Frank turn to Ed . frank ... she 's in prison , ed. none of *us * be in prison , and yet we be not late . we be on time , ed. how can doris be late ? what , they do not have wake - up call ? the murmur of the crowd subside as a door behind the judge 's bench open and the judge hurriedly enter . the gallery rise but the judge quickly wave they back down and , rather than seating himself , lean forward over he desk to give a peremptory beckone wave to riedenschneider and the prosecutor . judge counselor . riedenschneider , puzzle , approach the bench , as do he counterpart from the other table . the judge , still lean forward , speak to they in a low voice that be not audible from the gallery . the crowd have start murmure again , also in hushed tone . Frank lean in toward Ed . frank what 's go on , Ed ? I think there would be argument . the bailiff , and so forth ... Ed , also puzzle , be watch riedenschneider , who suddenly stiffen . as the judge continue to talk , riedenschneider look back over he shoulder at ed. frank ... Ed , what be this ? be this procedure ? the two lawyer nod at the judge and walk back to they respective table . the judge now summon a uniform man stand to one side . judge bailiff . as the judge and the bailiff confer , riedenschneider look down at he desk and , for something to do , straighten various papers . riedenschneider I do not understand ... we have a real shot at it ... we could have win this thing ... the bailiff announce : bailiff in the matter of the State of California versus doris crane , case number 87249 assign to this Superior Court ... as the bailiff drone , riedenschneider shake he head . riedenschneider ... it do not make any sense ... barbershop late afternoon sun slant in . the shop , not open for business , be very still . Ed , in he courtroom suit , sit in one of the vinyl chair that line the wall , hunch forward , forearm on he knee . Frank , also still in he suit , be up in one of the barber chair , one hand cup to he forehead , weep . ed ( v.o. ) she would hang herself . I would bring she a dress to wear to court and she would use the belt . I do not understand it either . at first I think maybe it have something to do with I , that she would figure out somehow how I fit into it and could not stand it , could not stand know ... bedroom night . Ed be in bed , stare at the ceiling . ed ( v.o. ) ... that be not it , I would find out later . for now , everything just seem ruin ... metropole lobby riedenschneider be at the cashier 's desk , check out . behind he a bellman 's cart be pile high with he bag . ed ( v.o. ) ... freddy riedenschneider go back to Sacramento still shaking he head , say it be the biggest disappointment of he professional career ... franks house Day . Frank 's kitchen . Frank sit at he kitchen table , stare , in a bathrobe throw over he pyjamas , unshaven . ed ( v.o. ) ... frankie fall to piece . I suspect he be drink ; anyway , he stop come to work ... barbershop Ed , in he smock , work on a customer . ed ( v.o. ) ... that leave I to keep the place go , or the bank would have take it . as he use the electric clipper , a cigarette plume between he lip . he squint against the smoke drift past he eye . ed ( v.o . ) ...* i* be the principal barber now . I hire a new man for the second chair ... Ed 's former chair be indeed be manned by a newcomer , a gangly young man who animatedly chat up he customer . ed ( v.o. ) ... I would hire the guy who do the least gab when he come in for a interview . but I guess the new man have only keep quiet because he be nervous ; once he have the job , he talk from the minute I open the shop in the morning ... ext . barbershop it be evening . Ed be lock the barbershop as , next to he on the sidewalk , the new man continue to chat , gesticulate to illustrate he store . ed ( v.o. ) ... until I lock up at night . for all I know , he talk to himself on the way home . STREET Ed walk along the sidewalk . ed ( v.o. ) ... when * i* walk home , it seem like everyone avoid look at I ... indeed , none of the passer - by establish eye contact ; they avert eye make the crowd a faceless throng . ed ( v.o. ) ... as if I would catch some disease . this thing with doris , nobody want to talk about it ; it be like I be a ghost walk down the street ... house as Ed let himself in . ed ( v.o. ) ... and when I get home now , the place feel empty . he sit on the couch and , after a beat , take a cigarette pack from he pocket and tap out a smoke . ed ( v.o. ) ... I sit in the house , but there be nobody there . I be a ghost ; I do not see anyone ; no one see I ... barbershop Ed be in he smock again , operate the clipper . ed ( v.o. ) ... I be the barber . fade out the drine of the clipper have continue over the black . a voice fade up : voice 1 so two block later I look at the change she give I and , golly , I be two bit short . voice 2 two bit short . voice 1 so I walk back over to linton 's , find this gal -- big argument ; she do not even recall the transaction . voice 2 no recollection . voice 1 do not recall the transaction , no recollection , so I say , look , dear ... fade in we be look at a magazine story . its headline , over a illustration of a crest wave , be : wave of the future . underneath be black - and - white photograph of heavy equipment and rack of clothing on motorize track . subheadline read : next to godliness - dry Cleaning sweep the Nation - the thoroughly modern Way to clean . Ed sit in one of the vinyl chair , stare at life magazine . the offscreen conversation drone on as the new man work on a customer . new man ... go ahead , look at the menu , if you be in before six o'clock it 's the , whatchamacallit , the -- customer early Bird special . new man what ? yeah , the early riser ... Ed flip the page of the magazine , and stop on a photograph of a dark desert landscape with one bright light hover in the sky . the caption underneath : roswell , new mexico . voice crane ? Ed look up . a man in a black suit and fedora have direct the question at the new man , who look up from he gabbling , momentarily slackjaw . ed ... I be crane . man my name be diedrickson . County medical examiner . ed yeah ? diedrickson just come for a informal chat ... diedrickson look around uncomfortably . diedrickson ... why do not I buy you a drink ? Ed rise from he chair and , as he unbutton he smock , address the new man , who still gape . ed dwight , you ok here for a few minute ? dwight whuh -- uh , yeah , sure Ed , take you time . bar it be late afternoon , dusty and empty . Ed and diedrickson sit on adjacent stool , diedrickson cock he hat lower to its man-sitt - at - a- bar position . as the bartender approach : diedrickson Rye . ed just coffee . diedrickson you sure you do not want something stiffer ? Ed shrug and shake he head . bartender coffee it be . he leave . diedrickson interlace he finger on the bartop and stare at they . after a beat : diedrickson ... County M. E. do a autopsy on anyone who die in custody . I do not know if you know that . it 's routine . Ed do not answer . diedrickson , after some more stare at he hand , plow on : diedrickson ... do not become a matter of public record unless there 's foul play . however . I do not believe I be * prohibit * from tell you this . I guess I be not oblige to tell you , either . I do not exactly know . but if * i* be the man , I would want to be tell . ed told what ? diedrickson I , uh ... thanks . the bartender have set down the drink . diedrickson wait for he to leave . he take a hit from he glass . finally : diedrickson ... I be sorry to add to you burden , crane , but I would want to know it it be I . you wife be pregnant . first trimester . a pause . diedrickson ... well , there it be . another pause . diedrickson ... I be sorry . he mutter to himself : diedrickson ... Hell , I hope I have do the right thing . ed my wife and I have not ... perform the sex act in many year . diedrickson stiffen . diedrickson ( murmure ) ... jesus. ( aloud ) ... well , that 's not really my business . he be hastily digging for money . diedrickson ... I be sorry . well , there it be . he leave a couple of bill on the bar and mumble as he leave : diedrickson ... good luck , crane . his retreate footstep echo down the bar . apartment hallway it be a dingy hallway light by bare bulb . Ed stand in the middle background , knock on a door . ed ( v.o. ) doris and I have never really talk much . I do not think that 's a bad thing , necessarily . but it be funny : now I want to talk -- now , with everyone go . I be alone , with secret I do not want and no one to tell they to anyway . the door open and Ed be admit by the unseen tenant . apartment we hear a low murmure as we slowly pan the apartment . it be overfurnished with heavy , ornate chair , sideboard , chest too big for the space and all go too seed . surface area be cover with yellowing lacework or exotic brocade ; the one lamp have a veil throw over it to further scrim down its feeble light . we pan bring we onto Ed seat at a small card table across from a small elderly woman in a shawl who be the source of the murmure . her eye be squeeze shut in concentration as she mumble . ed ( v.o. ) I visit a woman who be suppose to have power in communicate with that who have pass across , as she call it . she say that people who pass across be picky about who they would communicate with , not like most people you run into on this side ... the woman open she eye and look at Ed . woman giff I you hant . Ed place he hand in the center of the table . ed ( v.o. ) ... so you need a guide who they do not mind talk to , someone with a gift for talk to soul ... Ed look at the woman 's spot and vein-line hand as it rest upon he . her mumble resume . ed ( v.o. ) ... well , first she tell I that my wife be in a peaceful place , that we soul be still connect by some spiritual bond , that she have never stop loving I even though she would do some thing she be not proud of ... Ed look up at the old woman . ed ( v.o. ) ... she be read I like a book . she be steal a glance at Ed to check he reaction . ed ( v.o. ) ... and then she start talk about ' dolore ' this and ' dolore ' that and be there anything I want to tell ' dolore , ' and I know I would just be tell it to the old bat . and even if somehow doris could hear , it would not be on account of this so - call medium . apartment hallway Ed be leave . ed ( v.o. ) she be a phony . just another gabber . ext . tenement Ed emerge from the building . ed ( v.o. ) I be turn into Ann nirdlinger , Big Dave 's wife . I have to turn my back on the old lady , on the veil , on the ghost , on the dead , before they all suck I in ... Ed disappear into the night . abundas house it be night . we be look through the screen door . walter abundas sit in yellow lamplight by a small table on the side of the staircase , over which papers be strewn . he be murmure into the telephone as he examine the papers , glass halfway down he nose , a drink in one hand . Ed 's hand enter to rap on the door . walter look up , set the phone down and come to the door . walter Ed , how're you hold up ? ed I be ok , walter , thanks . walter open the door to he . walter I be so damn sorry about you loss . terrible thing . just damn terrible . ed yeah . walter birdy 's in the parlor -- I be on long distance here . ed sure , walter . thanks . parlor birdy also have papers spread across a table in front of she : homework . she look up at Ed 's entrance . birdy hello , Mr crane . ed hello , birdy . birdy we have not see you since ... I be terribly sorry . Ed sit across from she . ed yeah . birdy we have certainly miss you . ed birdy , I have be do a lot of think . there be a lot of thing that have not work out for I . life have deal I some bum card ... he be load a cigarette into he mouth . ed ... or maybe I just have not play them right , I do not know . but you be -- birdy pop do not like people smoking in here . Ed stare . this take a moment to register . ed oh. sorry . birdy lower she voice : birdy sometimes I have a cigarette in here when he 's away . never when he 's in the house . he can smell it a mile off . Ed be pockete the cigarette . ed sure ... sure , it 's he house . birdy that 's what he keep tell I . Ed smile thinly . ed anyway , uh ... my point be you be young . a kid really , you whole life ahead of you . but it 's not too soon to start think ... to start make opportunity for yourself . before it all wash away . birdy well , sure , I guess . pop say so too . I work pretty hard at school . ed that 's swell . however , the music , if you want to pursue it , well , the lesson from Mrs swan , they will only take you so far . there 's this guy in San Francisco , I have make inquiry , everybody say he 's the best . train lot of people who have go on to have big concert career , symphony orchestras , the work . his name be Jacques carcanogue . I be not sure I be pronounce it right . anyway , he 's a frenchman . birdy Boy . ed you have get talent , anyone could see that . and he 's the best . if he think a student have talent , he will take them on for next to nothing . you be a cinch to be accept , I could cover the cost of the lesson , like I say , it 's pretty modest -- birdy oh , Mr crane -- ed I have to do it . I can not stand by and watch more thing go down the drain . you be young , you do not understand . birdy geez , Mr crane , I do not know . I have not really think about a career or stuff . ed I know you have not . look , just go meet he as a favor to I . I talk to this guy . hope I pronounce he name right . he sound very busy , but he 's not a bad egg ; he loosen up a little when I tell he how talented you be . he agree to see you this Saturday . he say maybe you be a diamond in the rough . his word . birdy geez , Mr crane . ed just see he , as a favor to I . studio waiting room it be a small square room with straightback chair set against the wall . at the far end of the room a door lead to a studio from which piano music dully emanate ; it be a fast and difficult piece of music . Ed sit wait . he be the only adult ; two or three youngster of different age sit apparently wait for they lesson . Ed look at one of the wait boy in a white shirt and bow tie . he be perhaps eleven . his hair be grease back in a junior contour . another boy , in a cardigan sweater , sport a butch . the piano piece be end . there be the murmur of voice . dull footstep . the studio door swing open . a small man in a rumple black suit smudge with cigarette ash be bow birdy out the door . he have a goatee and a knotted foulard . his eye flit over the wait room and settle on Ed . carcanogue ... you be ze fahzer ? ed no. uh ... family friend . man I be carcanogue . he smile at birdy . man ... you wait , my dear ? birdy sure , Mr K. a jerk of carcanogue ' head bid Ed rise . studio Ed enter , uncomfortable . he look around , take in the high - ceiling space , which be dominate by a grand piano . carcanogue have follow he and now run water from a tap . carcanogue I speak to you on ze phone , non ? you have a special interest in music ? ed uh-huh . carcanogue ah yes , a music lover . ed well , I do not pretend to be a expert . carcanogue ah . he uncap a small bottle of pill , shake two into he palm , toss they back and wash they down . carcanogue ... ah- hah . he twist a cigarette into a long holder , stick it in he mouth and light it . carcanogue ... mm. ed well ? how would she do ? this elicit a gallic frown of consideration . carcanogue Ze girl ?... she seem like a very nice girl . she * plays* , monsieur , like a very nice girl . Ztink . very nice girl . however , ztink . ed I do not understand . carcanogue be not so hard to understand . her play , very polite . ed do she make mistake ? another gallic moue : carcanogue mistake , no , it say e-flat , she play e-flat . ping-pe . hit the right note , always . very proper . ed I do not understand , no mistake , she 's just a kid -- I think you teach the , uh , the -- carcanogue ah , but that be just what I cannot teach . I can not teach she to have a soul . look , monsieur , play the piano , be not about the finger . * done * with the finger , yes . but the music , she be inside . Inside , monsieur ... a two -hande gesture , indicate he heart . carcanogue ... the music start here ... he waggle he finger : carcanogue ... come out through here ; then , maybe ... his wave take in the heaven : carcanogue ... she can go up there . ed well , look , I do not claim to be a expert -- carcanogue then you listen to I , for I be expert . that girl , she give I a headache . she can not play . Nice girl . very clever hand . Nice girl . someday , I think , maybe , she make a very good typist . drive we be drive through the rural countryside of northern California . it be a two - lane road with little traffic . Sun strobe the car through the pass tree . Ed drive , glaring . birdy , next to he , seem unperturb , ever cheerful . birdy ... I stank , do not I ? ed he do not say that . birdy but more or less . ed look , I be no expert , but -- birdy it do not matter , Mr crane . ed I be sure there 's a dozen teacher better than this clown . more qualified . goddamn phony . birdy but it do not matter . really , I be not interested in play music professionally . Ed look at she . birdy ... I be not certain I will have a career at all , and if I do , I will probably be a veterinarian . ed ... uh- huh . birdy I do appreciate the interest you have take , though . ed ah ... it 's nothing . birdy I be only sorry that I do not play better for you . I know it would have make you happy . you know what you be ? ed huh . birdy you be a enthusiast . ed huh. yeah . maybe ... he load a cigarette into he mouth . ed ... I guess I have be all wet . birdy but I do appreciate it , Mr crane ... she reach over to touch he thigh . birdy ... I want to make you happy . ed birdy -- birdy it 's ok ... she be lean over he lap . birdy ... I want to do it , Mr crane . Ed be shocked : ed birdy ! he reach awkwardly , want to push she away but not want to be violent . ed ... no , please . birdy please , Mr crane , it 's ok , please -- the blare of a oncoming horn . Ed look up , one hand struggle with birdy , the other on the wheel . the oncoming car . Ed swerve , tire screech into a skid , birdy scream . crash : the car hit a roadside tree . black . ed ( v.o. ) time slow down right before a accident , and I have time to think about thing . I think about what a undertaker have tell I once -- that you hair keep grow , for a while anyway , after you die ... a hubcap be skip in slow motion along the road and then off the road , down a embankment . ed ( v.o. ) ... and then it stop . I think , what keep it grow ? be it like a plant in soil ? what go out of the soil ? the soul ? and when do the hair realize that it 's go ? we be high , look down at Ed , who be motionless , head rest on the steering wheel of the stop car . we boom down toward he , slowly rotate as we move in . as we move we lose focus ; Ed become more and more blurry . the blurry shape be now slowly spin away from we , a bright revolve disc spin up into the darkness until it disappear , leave only black . fade in Ed sit on the front porch of he bungalow , smoking a cigarette in the late afternoon light . a dog bark next door ; a distant screen door slam ; child be play somewhere up the street . Ed look down at he watch . it be 5:30 . something attract he attention : at the foot of he driveway stand a man in a cream - color suit and hat . he be a small figure , perfectly still , stare at the gravel driveway . after a beat he lift up a small clipboard , squint at the house , and jot something down . he finish write , screw the lid back onto he pen , and be stick it into a breast pocket when he realize he be be watch . his manner instantly warm . man hello ! ed hello . the man start up the walk . man I notice you still have peastone in you driveway . yeah . man well , of course , you do not have to rejuvenate that once every couple of year , do not you , when the peastone thin out . Ed shrug . man ... where do it go , huh ? like the odd sock . but you * know * where it go -- you probably pick piece of it off you lawn all the time , churn it up with you lawn mower , sweep it off the walk here -- pain in the neck . Ed shrug again . ed do not bother I . man well , have you ever consider tar macadam ? people think it 's just for public work and commercial purpose , road , parking lot , so forth ... a car pull into the drive . man ... but we have the technology now to bring it to the homeowner , the individual consumer , at a very reasonable price . doris emerge from the car . man ... mind if I show you the specification ? -- even , mar 'am . doris give he a hard look . doris what be * you * sell ? the man give a practice laugh . man well , mar 'am , I be just tell you husband here about tar macadam , for you home driveway here -- this be the specs ... doris take the brochure he have pull from a small case . man ... it 's the modern way to -- doris tear the brochure in half and hand it back . doris get lose . the man gaze at she . his smile fade fast and he and doris stare at each other , two hard case . he turn stiffly and stalk off . once he gaze have break , doris turn as well . she stalk up the stair to the porch and bang through the screen front door of the house , let it slam behind she . quiet , early evening . Ed sit , smoking . at length he rise and go in to the house . int . bungalow it be dim , no light on yet . we hear bang and clomping from the kitchen . doris emerge with a clinking sound , chase ice cube around a drink with a swizzle stick . her face be still hard - set . with a groan of its old upholstery spring she sit onto the couch . Ed sit as well . he draw on he cigarette , drag a ashtray closer on the coffee table . she sip . he puff . ed ... doris -- doris Nah , do not say anything . I be alright . the sit . the light be fail . the clink of ice cube . fade out in the black we hear machine noise of indistinct origin . as the noise become more define we also hear shouting , faint , distant : voice be you there ? be you awake ? a blurry white disc be fade up . as it focus it resolve into the reflector wear by a white - robe doctor , lean in close . he lean away , murmure : doctor he 's come around . can you talk , sir ? this man have to talk . Ed be lie in a hospital bed . his face be bandage and one side be grotesquely swollen . the machine noise be life support . doctor ... Sir ? be you awake ? he 's awake . two police officer , persky and kreb , lean in . persky be you awake ?... be he awake ? kreb crane ? we have to tell you , as soon as you be conscious -- be he conscious ? persky his eye be open . kreb uh ... you be under arrest . persky as soon as the doctor let we , we gotta move you . do he understand that ? we be suppose to tell he . be you conscious ? kreb you will go to the prison hospital . persky under arrest for murder . Ed 's speech be thicken by injury and anesthesia : ed birdy ... I do not mean to -- kreb what would he say ? ed birdy ... doctor birdy . the girl . no , the girl 's ok . Broken clavicle . the doctor lean in . doctor ... that 's the collarbone , crane . Broken . she 's ok though . kreb so he understand ? he 's under arrest for murder ? ed Big Dave . persky huh ? kreb what would he say ? do he understand ? persky he say ok . be that what he say ? kreb raise he voice : kreb you be under arrest for the murder of creighton tolliver ! do you understand ? the voice be fade away : persky ... do he understand ?... fade out underwater Light glimmer in water . we be drift down , down , down . we bring in languidly wave arm -- the arm of a child , wave to keep himself submerge . it be a ten-year- old boy stare , wide - eye , at something in front of he . bubbles intermittently stream from he open mouth . ed ( v.o. ) the pansy . a kid diving at a waterhole outside of town have find he car ... the reverse show the car , also submerge , with creighton tolliver inside , also wide - eye , he hairpiece attach at only one corner , the rest of it wave free . ed ( v.o. ) ... they would winched it out ... tracking we be tracking laterally across a line of face : seat man . the man rise . ed ( v.o. ) ... and find he would be beat , just like Big Dave say -- beat to death ... we arc around a judge enter the chamber through the small door behind he raise bench . ed ( v.o. ) ... Inside the briefcase be the partnership papers I would sign ... the judge seat himself and we resume out lateral track on the jury , now reseate itself . ed ( v.o. ) ... show that I would give he ten grand . for the district attorney ... in response to a prompt from the judge the district attorney rise to read the charge . his voice play distantly , mute , the word not discernible under the continue voice - over . ed ( v.o. ) ... that make it fall into place : I would get doris to steal the money , the pansy have get wise somehow , and I would have to kill he to cover my track . I be in a spot . I call in freddy riedenschneider ... riedenschneider rise into frame at the defense table . as he listen to the charge : ed ( v.o. ) ... and sign the house over to he . he say he do not ordinarily work that cheap , but he figure he owed I something since the last one have not play out ... the drine of the d.a. have end and riedenschneider 's echoing voice drop into the hole : riedenschneider not guilty , you honor ... ed ( v.o. ) I try to tell he the whole story , but riedenschneider stop I . he say the story make he head hurt , and anyway he do not see any way of use it without put I on the hot seat for the murder of Big Dave ... riedenschneider clap Ed reassuringly on the shoulder as he sit next to he . Ed still wear a cast on one arm and one leg . ed ( v.o. ) ... he tell I not to worry , though , say he would think of something , freddy riedenschneider would not let I down . jail we be tracking in on Ed , lie on the bunk in he cell . ed ( v.o. ) ... they put I on twenty - four-hour deathwatch ... a reverse track show a guard on a tilt - back straightback chair , outside the cell door , stare at ed. ed ( v.o. ) ... so that I could not cheat justice like they say my wife have do ... courtroom the district attorney be rise again , this time to address the jury . ed ( v.o. ) ... but in front of the jury they have it that doris be a saint ; the whole plan have be mine , I be a svengali who would force doris to join my criminal enterprise ... the district attorney be point at Ed . district attorney ... cynically use he own wife as a cat 's paw in a scheme of diabolical cun ... ed ( v.o . ) on and on it go , how I would use doris and then let she take the fall . that stuff smart because some of it be close to be true ... the district attorney seat himself . the jury 's eye turn to freddy riedenschneider , who study the tabletop in front of he , either digest the d.a. 's open statement , or seek inspiration for he own . ed ( v.o. ) ... and then it be freddy riedenschneider 's turn . riedenschneider rise , pace , begin to talk . ed ( v.o. ) ... I gotta hand it to he , he toss a lot of sand in they eye . he talk about how I would lose my place in the universe ... riedenschneider ...a puny player on the great world 's stage ... ed ( v.o. ) ...how I be too ordinary to be the criminal mastermind the d.a. make I out to be , how there be some great scheme at work that the state have yet to unravel , and he throw in some of the old truth stuff he have not have a chance to trot out for doris ... riedenschneider ... who among we be in a position to say ... ed ( v.o. ) ... he tell they to look at I -- look at I close . that the closer they look the less sense it would all make , that I be not the kind of guy to kill a guy , that I be the barber , for Christ 's sake ... we pan the jury , solemnly listen to riedenschneider . ed ( v.o. ) ... I be just like they , a ordinary man , guilty of live in a world that have no place for I , guilty of want to be a dry cleaner , sure , but not of murder ... riedenschneider be stride energetically into the foreground to point a finger directly at Ed 's face . ed ( v.o. ) ... he say I * be * modern man , and if they vote to convict I , well , they would be practically cinching the noose around they own neck . he tell they to look not at the fact but at the meaning of the fact , and then he say the fact * have * no meaning . it be a pretty good speech , and even have I go ... a tap on the shoulder turn Ed around . ed ( v.o. ) ... until frankie interrupt it . Frank sock Ed , send he clatter to the floor . a bailiff immediately restrain he , but Frank loom over Ed , bellow through tear : frank what kind of man * be * you ? what kind of man * be * you ? riedenschneider interpose he body between Frank 's and Ed 's , loudly protest : riedenschneider move for a mistrial , you honor ! move for a mistrial ! this outrageous display can not help but prejudice ... Ed move to get up , but riedenschneider , with a sidelong glance and furtive gesture , motion for he to stay on the floor . riedenschneider ... and inflame the passion of this twelve fine man and woman ... ed ( v.o. ) ... well , he get he mistrial , but the well have run dry . there be nothing leave to mortgage ; riedenschneider go home and the court appoint Lloyd garroway ... Ed be now stand next to a distinguished older gentleman who enter the plea in the new trial : garroway you honor , we plead guilty , with extenuate circumstance . ed ( v.o. ) ... who throw I on the mercy of the court . it be my only chance , he say . I guess that mean I never have a chance ... the judge start dron the sentence : judge ...a menace to society ... a predator on he own wife , he business associate , on a innocent young girl ... social contract ... line cross ... the offender forfeit the right to he own life ... I hereby order that you be take to a place of confinement ... prison hallway we be tracking down the hall . ed ( v.o. ) he be not buy any of that modern man stuff , or the uncertainty stuff , or any of the mercy stuff either . no , he be go by the book , and the book say I get the chair ... Ed be in the cell at the end of the hall , lie on he bunk , hand clasped behind he head . ed ( v.o. ) ... so here I be . at first I do not know how I get here . I know step by step of course , which be what I have tell you , step by step ; but I could not see any pattern ... later Ed sit at the little table next to he bunk , write . ed ( v.o. ) ... now that I be near the end , I be glad that this man 's magazine pay I to tell my story . write it have help I sort it all out . they be pay five cent a word , so you will pardon I if sometimes I have tell you more than you want to know ... Recent issue of the magazine , gent , and its sister publication nugget lie on the little desk . they lurid cover depict feature storey like I be abducted by alien and after ten year of normal life , I discover I am a escaped lunatic . ed ( v.o. ) ... but now , all the disconnect thing seem to hook up . Ed set aside the pen , lie down on he bunk , and close he eye . ed ( v.o. ) ... that 's the funny thing about go away , know the date you be gonna die -- and the man 's magazine want I to tell how that feel ... we hear a pulsing treble hum . Ed open he eye . the door to he cell be open . he rise and go through the door . prison hallway Ed , alone , walk down the hallway . the pulsing treble hum be louder . ed ( v.o. ) ... well , it 's like pull away from the maze . while you be in the maze you go through willy - nilly , turn where you think you have to turn , bang into dead end , one thing after another ... prison yard Ed emerge into the empty prison yard ringed by high stone wall . a hard spotlight shine down from above . Ed squint into it . ed ( v.o. ) ... but get some distance on it , and all that twist and turn , why , they be the shape of you life . it 's hard to explain ... the spotlight be from a hover fly saucer . we see its revolve underside and , as it irregularly cant , a bit of its top bubble . after spin briefly , it tip and fly away , carry the tremolo hum with it . ed ( v.o. ) ... but see it whole give you some peace . Ed turn and re-enter the prison . ed' cell Ed be lie on he bunk , eye close , hand clasped behind he head . a hand enter to shake he awake . Three man loom over he : two guard and another man wear a surplice and hold a bible . ed ( v.o. ) ... the man 's magazine also ask about remorse . yeah , I guess I be sorry about the pain I cause other people ... prison hallway he be walk the last mile . ed ( v.o. ) ... but I do not regret anything . not a thing . I use to . I use to regret be the barber . a door at the end open : a electric chair . strap open , and wait : ed ( v.o. ) ... I dont know where I be be take . Ed be place in the chair . ed ( v.o. ) ... I do not know what wait for I , beyond the earth and sky . but I be not afraid to go . a man stoops at he foot . he have a bucket of water and a straight razor . he waggle the razor in the water and start shave a patch of Ed 's calf . ed ( v.o. ) ... maybe the thing I do not understand will be clearer there , like when a fog blow away ... Ed watch as the razor make the trip from he leg to the bucket of water , which begin to spot with small float hair . ed ( v.o. ) ... maybe doris will be there . they be strapping he in , connect the electrode . ed ( v.o. ) ... and maybe there I can tell she ... the man withdraw . ed ( v.o. ) ... all that thing ... a thin man in a dark suit and fedora stand by the switch . as he reach for the switch , Ed look up into the light . ed ( v.o. ) ... they do not have word for here .