blood relation the SUN war a screenplay by wes craven copyright 1976 by wes craven Peter locke ext . title sequence -- day 1 harbor shot of manhattan , horribly pollute AIR half -veiling the steel and concrete teeth of the rock island . a helicopter whizhes overhead . radio voice 96 degree and climb on the Central Park parade Grounds -- the ol ' greenhouse effect be hum today ! you Environmental Advisory Council set the discomfort index at + 9 , the Risk factor at 8.3 , the high it 's be since August of 1978 . shot of brooklyn bridge jammed with stall traffic slow zoom in to a station wagon towing a large camper / trailer . radio voice the National Guard report that skirmish in Brooklyn Heights have be pacify , and traffic on the Brooklyn and Manhattan bridge be move once again . if you be among that unlucky enough to be catch in that particular mess , please remain patient , and have you pass ready for inspection by the time you reach the gate . now back to ronny lasar and more Golden Hit of the seventy . shot of the car and trailer drive past a sign saying " welcome to new jersey " after leaving a police check - point . the grateful dead pour from the car' radio , hovering above it as it track along smoking swampland and industrial smokestack . music sometimes a bright light 's shine on I other time I can barely see lately it 's occur to I what a long strange trip it 's be . a girl voice from inside the car pipe up in irritation . girl voice God , will you please turn that cornball stuff off ? I can not stand seventy music end of title . fade to black . SOUND of interspacial wind . ( continued ) continued : crawl in 1973 , follow the release of last House on the Left , the writer / director of that film be commit for psychiatric observation . he be treat extensively with drug group therapy , electroshock program and a final lobotomy . despite this effort at reform , craven kill he nurse , maura heaphy , and escape to the mohave Desert . at the end of 1000 day of meditation he be take up by a jet - black saucer and train in secondary media infiltration and parametaphysical survival on the Planet Jupiter . upon he graduation he be return to the planet Earth at Exeter . this Film be he first since he return , and be respectfully dedicated to the memory of maura heaphy . as the crawl depart top screen we hear distant thunder , or artillery . ext . desert and badland -- noon 1 fade up on extreme telescopic shot of the SUN , a blood - red hole in the frying atmosphere . a supersonic bomber bore across the face of the fiery STAR , pulling a rumbling contrail of steam after it . macro lens shot . a hatch of spittle -hardened sand be thrown OPEN with a startling rasp , and a sooty trapdoor spider clatter out and freeze , allowing the spore in the hot AIR to penetrate the moist sensor behind its unblinking eye . it plummet abruptly back into its hole , slamming the hatch close behind it . a wedge of sand simmer in the heat . a pack rat hurrie from a thicket and tug at a gleaming object stuck in the hard clay . CUT to a shot of a sidewinder coiling , lining up its fang with the heat sensor in its tongue for the strike . the pack rat jerk its prize free . we can see it be a 50 caliber shell casing . the fang strike the rodent so hard it flip in the AIR , then crash onto its back . instantly it be in death throes . it shriek with startling loudness and pain . ( continued ) continued : CUT suddenly to a very wide shot of the desert . no SOUND but a slight frying of hot wind over dry sand . the shot be hand - held , a p.o.v . it move into a dead run , over the jagged terrain at a extremely fast , agile pace . it vault a washout and quickly mount a outcropping of rock . the view be even better now , and below we can see a line in the desert . a road . zoom , zoom far out into the heat wave extremity of the lens ' power to a ant - like vehicle pulling itself over a wavering lump in the gravel line . it's laboring toward US . the p.o.v. shake and strain to see what the bug be , snuffing the AIR for a scent . over the weird subliminal electronic music that have slid between the rib of this moment , we hear the sudden crackle of a two - way radio . p.o.v. voice ( hoarse , feral ) pa pa ? pa pa ? the radio snap and a woman' voice replies , also coarse , hard , very alert . woman' voice pa pa huntin' . what you want ' ? p.o.v. voice ma ma , summin 's cumin . ma ma Army ? p.o.v . no . ai not cop , neither . it 'sa car ana camper . I see it now . as the voice identifies it so do we . the modern sedan from the first scene , beat up and rusted , lugging the trailer . ma ma Pluto . p.o.v . yuh . ma ma we be hungry . ext. / int . of car 2 CUT to interior of car . the scald AIR roar in the OPEN window , tearing at anything loose . in the back a infant wail on its mother' lap , its face dark . the mother , lynne carter , a handsome woman of 27 , brush a moist strand of hair from her eye and look humorously at her companion in the back seat : her sister , brenda carter , 17 . brenda roll her eye in disgust at there parent , who sit up front . brenda we be lose . the girl ' mother , ethel carter , fighting to keep the map she hold from flying out the window , shake her head vehemently . ethel now we be not ! we be right here , someplace , on this little blue road . lynne ma , this road be definitely not a blue line . it 's a dot line if it 's anything at all -- let I see that ! brenda snatch the map from her mother and give it to her sister , much to her mother' protest . lynne scan it quickly . brenda ( to she mother ) what 's the last town we pass ? that one yesterday . ethel um , well , I think it be corn Creek . or that 's what we be suppose to -- lynne oh , Jesus ... brenda what ...? lynne point at the map and brenda look closely . a insert show lynne's finger in c.u. pointing to where they might be . brenda ( horrify ) " nellis Air Force Range and nuclear test Site . close to the Public . " good grief , daddy ! ( continued ) continued : brenda's voice be immediately hysterical , accusatory . at this point the driver of the car , father of the girl , husband of ethel -- bob carter -- assert himself . bob alright , everybody settle down ! the car fall silent . even the baby be startled . bob we be not on a bomb range , we be not goddamn lose , we be not -- some terrible rushing noise that have be build under he last dozen word take over . a supersonic onslaught of jet exhaust shake the car and blot out bob' word . louder , louder still , then something huge flash overhead . just as abruptly it be gone . bob Holy shit ... bob floors the accelerator . the car lurch madly ahead , women scream . lynne wheel about and look frantically out the back window at the trailer . a frightened face wobbles up in the front window of the trailer . lynne daddy , for god 's sake slow down , you will loose the trailer -- Doug and Bobby -- bob carter look into he rear view mirror , then turn and crane he neck to see the trailer fishtailing behind they . despite the terrifying nature of this , bob' attention be snapped away by another aircraft rocketing over he automobile , its incredible noise cracking the windshield . ethel dive down toward the floor , and the map she be just regaining flap around the inside of the car like a maddened bat , then plaster itself across bob' face . bob tear the map away and wrestle the car and trailer back off the shoulder , roaring back onto the highway . dust and rock fly up on all side and smack against the under - carriage of the car ethel throws her hand up . ethel Bob ! watch ! the blue of the oncoming road . a animal of some sort dart out in front of they . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) bob wrench the wheel and the car and trailer skid sickeningly toward the shoulder , straighten once , then plunge down a slight grade and clatter to a halt among rock and cactus . there be a whiteout of dust , and it be absolutely quiet for a long moment . brenda you and you stupid shortcut , daddy . ext . near the wrecked car and trailer -- late afternoon 3 bob unscrew the cap of a thermos and take a long swig , then wipe he mouth with the back of he hand . he look shaken , though he would never admit it . lynne hand the baby to ethel and run around to the door of the trailer , followed by brenda . bob ( to the desert ) twenty - five year I be a cop in the worst goddamn precinct in New York City . the nigger shot arrow at I , the Puerto rican try to kill I by throw dog at I from the fuck roof ! I be even shot at on three separate occasion by my own man by mistake , of course , but none of that bastard ever come as close to kill I as my own goddamn wife with she goddamn road map and wrong turn and goddamn hysterical scream and -- ethel ( reserve ) you have soile you pants . bob ( arrest ) I have what ? ( he stare at the stain on he trousers ) that 's coffee . I spill my goddamn coffee -- Jesus , ethel . ethel watch you language . bob ( straighten ) I be sorry . ( continued ) continued : we CUT to the back of the trailer . lynne and brenda struggle with the door . someone's pounding from within . brenda unlock it , stupid ! there's a metallic click , and the door open . bobby carter , brenda's 20 - year-old brother , step out , shakily , followed by doug wood . bobby carter be a tall , good - looking all - american kid bright , rugged , a little awkward with he manhood . doug wood be brenda's sister , lynne's " old man , " 35 , a casually handsome scientist . he light a cigarette and shake he head . doug now I know how fearless fosdick feel when he get put in a ash can and kick down the cellar stair . what happen ? he jump down , followed immediately by two german shepherd who be very excite . the female , " beauty , " rush around wagging her tail in apology , sure the crash be something she did . the male , a huge old sonuvabitch call " the beast , " stalk over to the nearest cactus , raise a back leg and stake he territory . all of these character from the trailer show the sign in one way or another of a very rough landing . lynne ( hugging Doug ) I do not know . there be a couple of plane , and then some poor animal in the road -- you okay , boy ? doug nothing break . how ' bout you -- and shanti ? lynne we be both fine . she be cry before we go off the road , but now she seem quiet . bobby slide up to brenda . bobby Brenda , be not you go to ask if you darling brother be alright ? ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) brenda na . get out of here , Bobby . bobby present he hand , which he's be keeping behind he back . it's cover with red goo . brenda lets out a horrified scream . bobby beam . bobby you see ? she do care . doug ( reassuringly ) it 's catsup , folk . get it on I , too . the kitchen 's all over the place in there . bobby smear the catsup on brenda's face . she lets out a even louder shriek and chase bobby off around the trailer . ext . up on the road -- same time 4 brenda chase bobby up the incline and onto the road , where he easily outdistance her . after chasing he some way she give up and stop , panting . it seem to occur to her for the first time just where they be . she sees the road spinning off like a ribbon of gravel and dust into the wavering infinity of heat . nothing around her look at all like anything he's ever known in her life . it be deathly still . and nowhere save for the road and there vehicle be there sign of man' hand . the car and trailer seem very very SMALL . the badland of the desert be immense . weird stone formation . strange cactuse , and a still , endless vacuum . something cross silently across the ground before her . a shadow . brenda look up . a single dark bird , large , very far up , wheel slowly above her . it make no SOUND , but simply keep her at the CENTER of its circle . brenda shade her eye and watch for a long moment . bobby come back , in a somber mood now . bobby Turkey buzzard . janitor of the desert brenda do that mean there 's a town nearby ? ( continued ) continued : bobby ( smile ) you mean like when strand sailor see sea bird and know they be near land ? brenda yeah . bobby no. ext . atop the outcropping -- afternoon 5 binocular p.o.v. of brenda and bobby walking back toward the car and trailer . bobby put he arm around he sister' shoulder as they walk . especially at this distance and height , infinite badland around they , they be revealed at once as vulnerable and caring . human prey . a radio crackle . ma ma ( radio ) Pluto ? pluto ( p.0.v. Voice ) they off t'road . stuck . the binocular p.o.v. be replaced by " normal " p.0o.v. as a filthy young masculine hand bring they into frame and place they next to the walkie - talkie . the radio we see be olive drab , " U.S. army " stenciled on its side . the hand and arm , however , be not army . strange ring , bracelet of plaited bone and hair , torn and dirty nail . the hand begins tracing something in the red dirt . a crude circle . another . some more line , faster now . the hand draw the outline and we see the figure be of a girl the hand withdraws trembling , then move back , caressing . or perhap erasing , for the drawing be destroyed . ext . road near the car -- afternoon 6 c.u. of brenda , left alone by bobby , who jump down to join the rest of he family . brenda stand watching . she look about her , uneasily , not sure what she' feeling . she look up toward the outcropping , then away . 10 . ext . down at the car -- same time 7 the two german shepherd lie in the shade of the camper . beauty , the female , be free : the beast be leashed . beauty stir , get up , her nose in the AIR . she lets out a " whuff " and goe round the trailer . the beast tries to follow but be prevented by he leash . ext . on the road -- same time 8 beauty join brenda and again sort through the AIR , a growling bark be the result . then she begins barking in more certainty , space they like sonar . brenda watch , ambivalent . the wind be dying . the dog be barking be swallowed without echo in the vast silence . bobby ( call 0.s. ) beauty ! c'mere , girl ! beauty leave for the family . ext . by the car -- same time 9 beauty come wag - tailing down to bobby , head low , tongue out . lynne and doug be watching bob senior crawl around under the car . ethel , nothing better to do , worries about the dog . ethel maybe you should tie beauty up , Bobby . we do not want she run off after a rabbit and disappear , like she do in Montana . bobby that be the Beast that do that , not beauty , and it be a bitch in South dakota , not a rabbit in Montana . beauty always come when I call she . CUT to brenda matter-of-factly crawling under the car to see what her father' up to . brenda what 's the verdict ? ( continued ) 10 11 . continued : bob I do not wanna say it , but I think the axle 's snap . brenda can not you fix it ? bob no. brenda what ' 1ll we do ? bob punt. ext . desert -- afternoon 10 c.u. of a .38 police special . a man' hand revolve the cylinder to verify it's fully load , then snap it shut . M.S. bob hand the gun to he son , bobby . bob do not shoot ' till you see the white of they eye . ethel look uneasy . doug be b/g in the shot , up on the road , smoking . brenda and lynne aren 't in sight . big bob have a gun , also . ethel do not try to make I feel silly . who know what kind of animal live out here ? bobby I do . I do a paper on desert ecology . biggest thing out here be the coyote . he 's too smart to bother with we . ethel what about snake and bug . bobby ( granting she a point ) they will not bother we if we do not bother they . ethel nods , feeling justified in her worries , now . ( continued ) 14 12 12 . continued : ethel if it 's all the same to you , I will put my faith in the Lord and that gun , rather than coyote and rattlesnake . ext . rear of the trailer -- afternoon 11 CUT to rear of trailer . brenda be outside the rear door , hidden from view , taking a furtive drag on a joint . lynne come out from the door unexpectedly . brenda hide the joint behind her back , caught on the inhale . lynne well , at least shanti 's take all this calmly . they decide to go for help ? ( she nod toward the family . ) brenda nods " oh , sure . " lynne light up and watch her little sister . lynne you will blow up if you do not breathe , you know . brenda expel the smoke with a gasp . lynne smile wryly and nods . doug call from offscreen . doug ( 0.s. ) lynne ?! lynne exit without a word to brenda . brenda be left gasping and coughing . brenda oh , man ... ext . the road -- afternoon 12 doug , bob and ethel confer on the road just above the car and trailer . lynne come up to doug , taking he hand . doug ( a bit too casually ) you dad and I be go to take a walk see if we can find some help . ethel ( to Doug ) be not you take a gun , Doug ? Bob '1ll give you one . ( continued ) 13 . continued : doug thanks , Mom , but I have get my five finger of death , here . ( he mime a comic strike ) bob ( shrugging , adjust he own shoulder holster ) Doug will go that way , I back the way we come . doug ( check he watch ) it 's 3:30 . we have five hour of daylight leave . ethel well , how far can you go in two hour ? bob Seven mile , maybe ; it will give we a chance to find something . lynne what do you expect to find out here ? we be in the middle of nowhere . bob well , for one thing , we pass some sort of station about five mile back ... no one remembers . bobby come up from the trailer with a canteen of water and a thermos . bob take the thermos , doug the canteen . brenda come up , too . bob ( to Bobby ) you be in charge here , now . brenda that 's sexism . he 's not in charge of I . ethel I be in charge . alright , get go , then ! the men laugh at the woman' mime of military authority . bobby synchronize watch ! it 's 3:38 . if you be not back by 8:30 we will send the dog out after you ! good hunt , man ! ( continued ) 12 14 . continued : ( 2 ) the three men throw each other comic salutes . ethel can we just have a word of prayer ? everyone fall serious . brenda oh , mother , for cry out loud ... ethel just to ask the Lord to watch over we all . be that too much to ask ? Bob ? bob nods . everyone step a little closer together . switch to a telescopic p.o.v. shot of they from above , with a very slow zoom out . the prayer be quite short . then there's hug between the couple , some wave , and the men start out in opposite direction . at full pull back , the little group look very SMALL , very vulnerable . beauty bark up in our direction until she' call back to the trailer with bobby . ext . outside the trailer . afternoon . 12 dissolve to several hour later . bobby be leveling the trailer as best he can with the trailer's jack and rock propped under . lynne and brenda be spread a cloth over a aluminum picnic table . beauty continue to bark up at the outcropping . brenda beauty , shut up , already ! bobby beauty ! the dog drop her head and skulk over to bobby . he put her into the back of the camper as ethel emerge with food , heading for the table . ethel bring some plate , would you ? bobby sure . ethel bring the food round to the table and the three women be together for the first time by themselves . ( continued ) 15 . continued : lynne this be a fine way to spend the eve of you twenty - fifth wedding anniversary . ethel wipe her hand on her jeans and put on a light jacket . ethel well , it 's kind of a pretty place . and there 's certainly a lot of sunshine . I do not think I have see so much sunshine since I be a girl . brenda give I the creep . lynne you system just do not know what to do with clean air and room to stretch . ethel ( off on she own thought ) I suppose it 's my fault we get lose ... lynne do not be ridiculous , ma -- it be daddy 's stupid idea to try sneaking in the back way . we have enough to bribe the border guard . brenda we could have be in California by now if we would stay on route 93 . shower ... Fresh fruit ... beauty continue to bark from inside the trailer . lynne what do you suppose be bugging she ? ethel rattlesnakes , I will bet . bobby return with paper plate and plastic silverware . bobby you guy kill I . lynne I wonder why the Beast be not chime in ? ( continued ) 16 . continued : ( 2 ) bobby ( help self to food ) he know better . he never bark , anyway , he just go for the kill whenever he get the chance . ethel he sure do ! we CUT to a angle nearer the trailer , where we can see " the beast . " he be getting up , sniffing the AIR , leaning against the length of he chain , straining silently off toward the stone bluff across the road . we can hear ethel complete her line 0.s . ethel ( continue ) remember that poodle he almost kill in Miami . oh , boy , be that lady fit to be tie ! " beauty " be barking frantically inside the trailer , her nail scratching against the aluminum door . CUT back to the family at the table . brenda be daddy ever mad ! he have to pay the vet bill ! they all laugh at the remembrance . there's a shift . brenda so , lynne , when be you and Doug go to make it official ? there's a awkward silence . lynne light a cigarette . lynne maybe when we reach we twenty - fifth anniversary , like mama and daddy . ethel I will not comment ... lynne ( anticipate ) " but ... " ( continued ) 17 . continued : ( 3 ) ethel but it seem to I awfully backward the way you two be do thing . I mean that sweet little baby of yours ... lynne a bastard ? ethel that 's not what I be go to say . my granddaughter be ... no bastard . brenda can a girl be a bastard , anyway ? ( to Bobby ) what 's the female of bastard ? bobby bassinet . brenda bean bobby with a apple for that one . bobby chase her around the table , both knocking thing over , then brenda run for the trailer . before bobby can stop her she' opened the door . " beauty " bolt out and be gone like a shot . bobby beauty ! get back here ! beauty shoot across the road , through the brush and up into the rock . she' already out of sight when bobby gain the road , but not out of hearing . her hysterical , angry barking and the sound of her crashing through brush , kicking loose stone on her way up -- all this be unmistakably clear . and now " the beast " be barking too , leaping against the restriction of he chain . bobby hesitate a moment , not knowing what to make of it . brenda run up and join he . he start off after " beauty . " brenda Bobby !? she catch up with he and tries to hand he the gun . brenda humor I . the two exchange glance . bobby shake he head . bobby you be the one that 's so scared . you keep it . ( continued ) 13 14 15 16 18 . continued : ( 4 ) he run up the steep incline and into the rock . ext . rocky escarpment 13 " beauty " dig her way up , really after something , passing so close to our camera position that we can hear the AIR whistling in her throat and over her teeth . far below we hear bobby calling . bobby ( 0.s. ) beauty ! c'mon back , girl ! ext . rock promontory 14 p.o.v. watching " beauty " coming up , moving to meet her . ext . lower on the escarpment -- afternoon 15 bobby struggle from rock to rock , gasping for AIR as he climb . he stop to call , he voice cracking with strain and a unnameable fear . bobby beauty ! beauty ! he struggle upward again , try to go faster . ext . near the top 16 " beauty " break over the upper reach and onto first level ground of the top . she cast about angrily for the scent , then start to go off in one direction , still not sure . . voice hey , pig . " beauty " whirl around so fast she almost fall , her hackle up , her lip pulled back over lethal teeth , her eye flashing with the low red SUN that's directly in they . she lay back her ear and gather herself . CUT to a shot from the opposite direction , ground level . a leg step into view , framing " beauty " as she spring into her charge , some twenty yard away . we might notice the foot shod in a ratty " p F flyer , " rude bracelet of wire at the ankle , the hairy bare leg stepping into a crouch as the big dog lunge . 17 18 19 20 19 . ext . halfway up 17 bobby stop in he climb at the SOUND of the scream . it be a long , terrifying cry , half - animal , half -human , paralyzing in its ferocity . it's followed immediately by the awful outcry of a dog in raging pain . then snarl and whoops , crashing of brush . rock rain by and bobby dive for cover . a awful howl , a SOUND of a animal shaking something mercilessly in its teeth , then its over . close on bobby's face . the youngster be frozen with fear . scrub jay flash by overhead , screeching there warning . then there's a oppressive silence . it be so quiet we can hear bobby's teeth chatter . ext . the road by the car -- same time 18 the women gather in the middle of the rough road , huddle close together , straining there eye and ear to make something out in the deepening shadow high above they . the low SUN be turning the entire peak of the stone pinnacle scarlet . ethel look up the hill and call to her son . ethel Bobby ! come down , now ! ext . on the escarpment 19 bobby look back down the hill at the distant call of he mother . he shake himself and look back up . bobby beauty ? there's no sign from up there . bobby start climbing up , he face set . dissolve to : ext . at the top 20 bobby climb over the last rock cautiously and stand shaking among the long shadow and red-rimmed rock . he look around himself . everywhere the ground be torn , the brush trampled . and there be hair , in bloody clot , sticking to broken branch . ( continued ) 21 20 . continued : bobby ( quietly ) beauty ? he wait in vain for some sort of answer . a sullen wind presses against he back . he shiver , nerve on edge . he take a step and slip on blood . he follows a blood trail , the hair on the back of he neck prickling as they rise . bobby find " beauty " on her back atop a yellow plate of rock her legs frozen and splayed against the red sky , her purple tongue swollen over her teeth . she have be disemboweled , her intestine torn out and lying about her . close on bobby's face , he eye glaze and unbelieving . something move in the brush behind he . he spin in a panic and run . wildly , blindly , he pitch himself into a headlong run down the darkening wall of rock , falling , rolling , lurching up and running even harder . ext . near the trailer -- sunset 21 sudden silence to this CUT . the sky run red as the planet rotate the desert toward darkness . the arterial light of the SUN writhes on the horizon , and the molten ball begins to disintegrate into dusk . nearer the trailer lynne heap dry branch on a bonfire . flame spin up like dervish , shape and hissing tendril of SPARKS screw even higher . the heat and light PRESS lynne back . brenda , herself wearing a GREEN down jacket , arrive with a jacket for lynne , who quickly put it on . lynne Jesus , it must have drop twenty degree in the last hour . she find a pack of cigarettes in the jacket pocket and light up . the sister avoid each other' eye . off screen we hear the mother speak some sort of gibberish . 22 23 21 . int . the trailer 22 inside the trailer thing be half topsy - turvy , half straightened up . since there's no campground electrical outlet to plug into , the only light source be a candle . ethel be struggling with the family c/b unit , try to call for help . she have the owner' manual spread before her and be do her best to feel she know what she' do . ethel Calling smokey the bear , call smokey the bear , this be moby grape ... hello ? the radio hiss emptily . ethel poke a few button experimentally and tries again . ethel ( improvise ) maypole , maypole , this be moby grape call . hello there , um ... lynne enter and sit beside her mother , smoothing the older woman' hair . lynne it 's " mayday , " Mom , not " maypole . " ethel oh . ethel shrug in exasperation . ethel darn thing will not ever work for I . guess I do not have the touch . lynne let I have a try . the mother scoot over and lynne take the microphone . ext . a high place -- dusk 23 c.u. of the army radio foreground . just b/g we can see part of a hunkered - down body , and the arm of the young savage as he tie a dirty bandage around a bloody forearm . lynne's voice crackle from the radio . lynne mayday , mayday , this be mobile unit 2345 cb . we be strand and in need of assistance . do anybody read we ? ( continued ) 24 25 22 . continued : the bandage be tied . there's a pause , then the army radio be picked up . int . the trailer 24 lynne be just about to speak again when a short burst of heavy , raspingly obscene breathing come from her receiver . it's followed immediately by the static SNAP of someone releasing the talk button . the radio be once again silent . the two women stare at the set as if it be alive . lynne ( quietly ) what the hell be that ? ethel sit back , still staring at the radio . ethel it sound like some sort of animal ... lynne if the animal out here be smart enough to run a goddamn radio , we be in serious trouble . ethel watch you language . lynne where 's Bobby and the man , anyway . lynne turn and look toward the dark window , the orange light of the bonfire licking her feature . ext . near the trailer -- dusk 25 the light at the horizon have gone from scarlet to deep purple that tatters off to gray . the rest of the sky presses down black and cold . the bonfire be smaller now , unable to live for long without fresh fuel . lynne step from the trailer and look toward the FIRE . brenda be gone . lynne Brenda ? 26 23 . ext . the road -- dusk 26 brenda stand in the middle of the gravel road , the big male german shepherd " the beast " with her on a chain leash . it's dark , and to brenda , very much a CITY girl , every shadow be alive . she stare each way down the murky road . it's impossible to see more than fifty yard . brenda ( call ) bobbeeee ! her voice return at interval from the high stone buttress . but there's no answer from her brother . the girl stare at the dark tree and the slope that run up behind , and take a tentative step in there direction . then stop . she thinks she might have heard something . " the beast " lets out a " whuff " and point he ear . a moment later he charge without warning into the dark tree , yanking brenda off balance . brenda Beast ! get back here ! the dog be gone . brenda get up and brush herself off . the wood be silent . lynne ( call from back by the trailer ) Brenda ? you there ? brenda look back toward the trailer for a moment . brenda ( call ) in a minute , lynne . the girl turn back toward the hillside and start toward it ... she make herself walk into the tree until the road be lost behind her and she be in deep shadow . brenda Bobby ? ( continued ) 24 . continued : no answer . she move deeper into the dark , pause again . not far off something move in the tree . brenda ( hushed ) Bobby ? close on her face , her eye large and liquid . her skin pallid in the starlight . she doesn't breathe . there's another SOUND , closer . the girl look behind her , as if to run , but hold her ground and face the SOUND . bobby emerge from the tree , following " the beast " brenda oh , thank God . CUT to the road . bobby , brenda and " the beast " climb onto the gravel . brenda muse to listen . bobby ( very quietly ) dad and Doug back ? brenda ( still look down the road ) not yet . ( she turn to she brother ) you do not find beauty ? bobby turn and walk off . bobby she must have run off . he tug " the beast " after he . the big dog seem to want to head back into the wood . CUT to a shot through some brush to the distant trailer and bonfire , where lynne and ethel heap more fuel onto the flame . a slight movement of the camera put more branch between US and the view of the FIRE , establishing this as the point of view of someone in hiding . brenda , bobby and " the beast " enter the circle of firelight . they be greeted by the two older women , bobby with special warmth . all be too far away to be heard . there gesture indicate that they be relieved , puzzle about the absence of the men , bobby be give a coat . ( continued ) 27 25 . continued : ( 2 ) as the group move toward the trailer a dark hand release a branch , and our view be CUT off . int . the trailer 27 ethel cook at the butane burner . lynne feed the baby , shanti , who fusses a lot . brenda be slumped in a corner drinking a coke and watching bobby . bobby sit foreground , facing away from the group , pale , lost in thought . ethel look at he . ethel you want cheese on you hamburger ? bobby I do not want anything . ethel study her son . ethel you sick or something . bobby yeah , a little . nothing serious . do anyone try the c/b? lynne we try . nothing . ethel once it sound like the thing be a obscene phone caller . bobby what do you mean ? ethel well , it sort of huffed and puffed , like , would not you say so , lynne ? lynne it be static . bobby look at the two women . ethel be not . there be a sharp thump and a rasp from outside the trailer . bobby jump despite himself , then enforces he AIR of calm . he pick up the pistol and open the door . ( continued ) 28 26 . continued : brenda make to follow , but bobby motion for her to stay , and he shut the door behind he . brenda he 's such a macho . she pull back a curtain and strain to see something in the dark outside . ext . outside the trailer -- night 28 the FIRE be down to ember that offer scant light . but a greenish embolus of a moon hover in the sky now , rising slowly as a gas bubble in thick acid . this be light enough for bobby to see that " the beast " have broken he chain and be gone . bobby look off into the dark , shivering suddenly . he swallows and look up at the sky . bobby oh , Jesus , what 's go on ? CUT to bobby throwing more and more dry wood on the FIRE until it's roaring up to full height again . it's become difficult to find more wood . bobby find one last branch , throws it on , then step back . the FIRE seem to assure he . a little . CUT to the moon , now at its apogee . a coyote call down a canyon . bobby turn . someone be clambering down the rock between the road and the trailer . bobby cock the pistol and aim . douglas walk from the shadow , a big grin on he face . doug hey , do not shoot . I surrender bobby turn to the FIRE CUT to doug warming he body at the FIRE , rotating to thaw all side . he watch bobby closely . bobby avoid looking at he . doug do I miss dinner ? no answer from bobby , who be pitching stone into the FIRE . doug you and Brenda have another fight ? ( continued ) 27 . continued : bobby turn to doug , stuffing he hand in he back pocket . bobby dad 's not back yet ... and where be you ? doug it 's a lot slower go out there than we think . Big Bob 's surely on he way back . and he will see the fire ... if nothing else , we will just send the Beast out after he . the Beast always get he man . bobby the Beast break free and take off half a hour ago . beauty 's dead . doug beauty 's what ? bobby she chase off right after you and dad leave . she be after something . she catch up with whatever it be on top of that bluff . by the time I get up there she be dead . doug ( sober ) must have be a cougar , something big like that . bobby she be gut . doug stuff tobacco into the BOWL of he pipe . doug a cougar might do that . nothing else around capable of take on a german shepherd , anyway . beauty be no pussycat . bobby doesn't answer , but he's studying doug's face for sign of fear . doug you tell the other ? bobby no . ( continued ) 29 28 . continued : ( 2 ) doug just as well . doug look around . the bright circle of the FIRE pitch everything else into dark twisting shadow . the door of the trailer be thrown OPEN , doug be visibly startled , and bobby notice . brenda come running out with a shout , throwing her arm around doug . lynne come right after , followed by ethel holding the baby . there be great relief in the AIR , the women crowding around doug . ethel I know when you smell food you would show up ! lynne find anything ? she kiss he , giving brenda a playful shove away . doug there 's a sort of blockhouse , abandon , about five mile out . nothing in it . look like it use to be use by the military . brenda you go any further ? doug there be not any further . the road end there . ( avoid further discussion ) I be starve . they all go into the trailer . ethel goe last , looking off in the direction bob take earlier that day . she then goe inside . ext . day / for / night 29 CUT to " the beast " following the scent of bobby and " beauty " up the slope among the tree , then farther , up among the rock ; cut of he climbing , climbing , until he reach the very top of the outcropping , high above the road and trailer where beauty met her match . " the beast " trace back and forth among the still hot scent map of the struggle , getting madder and madder . ( continued ) 30 29 . continued : he reach the plate of rock and leap up onto it , right into the middle of the entrail of beauty . the huge dog spin around in tight circle , sniffing and snorting and growling more and more , then sit back on he powerful haunches and lets out a long , angry howl , jutting he snout right at the underbelly of the moon . there be no sign , however , of the rest of beauty . ext . a rock overhang -- night 30 the howl of " the beast " be now distant , a faint tear in the fabric of quiet . pan down from a shot of the crater moon to a SMALL cooking FIRE . on a crude spit , the charree haunch of some soft of animal crackle . pan right until , with a suddenness that be almost surprising , the face of a young woman , perhap 19 , fill the frame . her dark tangle of hair be plaited with dried desert flowers and a thin brass chain , of the sort found in industrial or military use . her face be burned dark by the SUN , her eye dark , even with the moon in they , her mouth wide yet with a refinement that be in no way mirrore by the rough clothing she wear against the cold . but she be unmistakably beautiful as the howl in the distance die , the girl turn thoughtfully back to the FIRE and study the heat burning there . she look back into the darkness behind her , listening . no SOUND but a low scraping of wind . she take the meat from the FIRE and begins to eat . it be a long shank , tough and fibrous she tear at it with her teeth , chews and stare into the FIRE . " the beast " howl again , a long , haunting ululation . the girl eye come up . she drop the meat into the FIRE , spit out what be in her mouth , stand and wipe her hand on her ragged skirt , looking over her shoulder in mounting alarm . a ruddy light fall over her from behind and the girl turn in some relief . CUT to a enormous figure coming through a flap of animal skin from a FIRE - lit inner chamber of rock . as the figure draw closer to the cooking FIRE , we can see it be a woman . huge , smokey , rough skin , perhap two hundre pound in weight , a snarl of hair , bone ornament , cartridge shell earring , ruined teeth . she lug a half -gallon jug of cheva regal . this be ma-ma . she could be anywhere from thirty -five to fifty . she study the girl . ( continued ) 30 . continued : ma ma warm nuff , Ruby ? the girl nods deferentially . ma ma y'like yer dog ? ruby yuh , ma ma. ma ma ai not every day we get dog . make coyote taste like shit . ruby Dog 's ghost be talk out there tonight ... ma ma look more closely at the girl , smelling the fear . her eye narrow . ma ma you just get the curse , be all . make you haywire . by tomorrow morning you be clean again , can come back in with we . ai not no such thing as dog ghost ! the woman laugh mountainously , her whole body seizing the humor and shaking it senseless . suddenly she stop , nostril flaring . another cry from " the beast " loops down around they . the matriarch listen thoughtfully . ma ma Big sonuvabitch . ai not no fuckin ' ghost neither . ruby nother dog ? ma ma ( nodd ) nother dog . Big ol ' stud . she offer the jug of cheva regal to the girl . ruby shake her head " no . " ma ma take a swig herself and study the night AIR . ma ma ( thoughtfully ) good he 's ' round here . means he be not ' round there . ( continued ) 31 32 31 . continued : ( 2 ) ruby " round where ? ma ma never mind . ext . outside the trailer -- night 31 p.0.v. shot of bobby tossing more wood on the FIRE , which be quite a bit smaller now . the boy watch the SPARKS spiral up , look around he , then head back into the trailer . the pistol just from he back pocket . the door shut behind he . int . inside the trailer 32 bobby lock the door from the inside , tugging at it to make doubly sure it's secure . lynne do not look that too secure , old boy , we be go out in a sec . lynne give bobby a peck on the cheek and duck into the tiny bathroom of the trailer . doug appear from the back of the darkened trailer , he hair askew , he shirt pulled out , he face flushed . bobby where you guy go ? doug just out to the station wagon . he wink at bobby . bobby sees no humour in this . bobby geez , Doug -- I mean , dad 's out there lose or hurt , and you guy be act like you could care less -- you -- doug raise he hand to silence bobby , indicating the dark end of the trailer , where ethel and brenda sleep . doug number one , there 's no way anything short of a platoon of hun be go to get to Big Bob . he 's tough as hell and armed . two -- ( continued ) 32 . continued : bobby how about a snake or a fall -- this be not the South bronx -- he might not know where to look for danger here . doug two , if he 's not back in a hour , I personally will schlep out and find he -- remember , we have one dim flashlight , one pistol , and only two man to guard three woman and a infant . bobby Guard they from what ? doug what ? bobby I think you say it be just a cougar . doug seem caught off -guard and unable to answer . he's save by lynne coming out of the bathroom . lynne all set ? doug break he contact with bobby's eye and pick up some blanket and a pillow . lynne sense something go on , but say nothing . doug all set . ( to Bobby ) why do not you get some sleep ? lynne goe out . as doug be about to follow her , bobby offer the pistol . bobby why do not you take this along , just for insurance . doug happiness be a warm gun . relax . see you in a while , if you be still awake . he goe out . bobby wait a moment , then lock the door once more . he sit at the formica table , angry and ill at ease . he finishes a cup of coffee and open a can of coke . he sip from it and turn on a radio at the back of the table . ( continued ) 33 . continued : ( 2 ) shred of distant music , electronics , piece of sentence from city far away , beam down in fragment from the disturbed stratosphere . one voice be audible for several second at a time , a newscast . news announcer several hundred demonstrator still remain at the border , and police confirm now that there be fatality among ... static ... buss burn , most of they from northeastern city . meanwhile the Supreme Court still have not hand ... static ... on the constitutionality of state in the sunbelt impose limitation on immigrant from the megalopolitan zone . ( pause ) we will have more about that meltdown in Chicago , and weatherman Abby hoffman reveal all about the Seattle quake and why it will not come here , after this word from the folk at remington firearm . bobby stuff a tape cartridge into a slot of the radio and a mozart quartet replace the jingle . bobby look back toward the dark end of the trailer . CUT to brenda , sleeping . close on her face . closer . we hear the whirring of wheel at full race . CUT to p.o.v. shot from a automobile , the road racing at US at supersonic speed -- bridge , tree , guard rail flashing by . the car plunge into a tunnel and everything goe black . the bloated face of big bob float by in slow motion , mouthing word we can't decipher . they 're garble and float in and out of audibility , but from the man' expression we can see what he's try to say be terribly important to he . he face sink like a ship . douglas be revealed middle background , legs spread and planted , shirt OPEN , a strong light on he face a chest . doug I will protect you , I will protect you I will hold you , I will warm you I will protect you , I will need you ... ( suddenly wary ) do not touch I . close on lynne's face , which loom up . ( continued ) 33 34 35 34 . continued : ( 3 ) lynne do not touch he , do not touch I . close on the infant shanti . shanti touch I . a powerful SUN -blackened arm shoot out , a steel - trap hand close over the infant's blanket and tear her from her mother' arm . brenda pitch in her sleep , roll over and bury herself deeper in the blanket . CUT to the face of ethel in her bed . she lie with her eye OPEN , staring at the wall before her , lip moving without SOUND . angle on the infant , shanti , she lie in her crib staring straight up into infinity . int . station wagon -- night 33 doug be face , just above lynne's , move down with he body as he enter her . lynne's eye close and her lip pull back in a breathless smile . her finger snake deep into the hair at the back of he head and draw he closer . she groans deeply and kiss he . he drive in so far there bone rub . gland and valve dilate , fluid move toward the AIR , blood course , and deep in the innermost lobe of there brain , neuron from ancestral wet dream stream down into there passion like a meteor shower . the old station wagon start to shake , and the window steam . ext . outside the car -- night 34 a very low shot , beneath the station wagon . the old car squeak on its spring and jump in sympathetic exuberance on its aging shock . our view in under the car , past the rear wheel to the FIRE b/g . bobby toss some more fuel on the FIRE , look around , stare a moment at the throbbing cab , then look away in embarrassment as lynne's voice become audible in her ecstacy . bobby goe back inside the trailer . we hear the door shut . almost immediately , on the far side of the car , the tatter p.f. flyer step noiselessly into frame . int . station wagon -- night 35 doug lie on he back , head thrown to the side away from the far window . ( continued ) 36 37 35 . continued : lynne be mounted on he , hunched over and facing away , fitting herself to he . her head be against the roof of the car , her hair in her eye . she' laughing . lynne Jesus , there 's not enough room to swing a cat back here -- I can -- oooh . ooohmm -- get it . she squat lower onto he , pivoting her hip against the FIRE - red condensation of the far window , a longhaired silhouette move in a crouch then duck from view . neither of the lover sees it . ext . outside the car -- night 36 the dark hand with the bone bracelet , the same that earlier held the binoculars and walkie - talkie , silently open the gas cap . we still see no face . ever so cautiously , a length of tubing be eased down , into the gas tank . another close shot , on the hand that find the free end of the rubber tube and bring it to the mouth . and now for the first time we see the face of beauty's killer . the light be not good . it rim he ratted hair with firelight , but throws he face into deep shadow . but we can see he be caucasian , SUN - blackened , emaciated by hunger but wiry and quick . a headband of Beer can tab hold he hair from he eye , and around he neck , as triumphal ornamentation , he have buckled the studd collar of the slaughtered german shepherd , beauty , dog tag and all . he's about thirteen year old . he suck the tube prime , spit the extra gas to the ground and place the free end of the tube into a large gas can at he feet . we can barely hear the fluid transferring , for doug and lynne be absolutely wild inside the car . the young savage squint into the distance and make a signal " 1 " , as if one -minute -to - go . for the first time we get the idea he might not be alone . int . inside the trailer 37 bobby sit listening to mozart and making rows of .38 caliber round , which he take from a SMALL colorful BOX . brenda pad up behind he . brenda if you do not turn that crap down I will kill you with my bare hand . ( continued ) 36 . continued : bobby you and whose army ? brenda you want I to wake mommie ? bobby ( mimick ) " want I to wake mom-meee ? " he reach over and plug in earphone . the music disappear , brenda take a sip of bobby's coke . brenda no sign of daddy ? bobby you mean like a tingling at the back of my neck , or something . brenda there 's no need to get snotty . I be worried ; I keep have scary dream . bobby if he 's not back in a few minute I will go out with a flashlight and meet he . brenda can I come ? bobby no , you can not come . brenda why not ? bobby this be man 's work . brenda you be a disgusting human be , you know that ? brenda turn on her heel and goe back to her bunk . bobby look at he watch . it's ten minute to the deadline doug set before . bobby put the earphone over he head and sways into mozart . 38 39 40 37 . ext . outside the trailer -- night 38 shot of the clearing and the FIRE , now burning low . it's very quiet . shot of the rear of the station wagon from outside . no movement from inside . the gas hatch be once again close , the can and young savage gone . somewhere not far into the BUSH a large dog begins barking . ext . in the bushes -- night 39 a shadowy figure , definitely human , dart from one hiding place to another , and from there a second series of bark and howl pour out . it be a excellent imitation of " the beast be " voice . int . inside the station wagon -- night 40 lynne and doug lie motionless amid a tangle of blanket , arm and legs . the barking come again , closer . doug move suddenly up on one elbow , listening . lynne ( dreamily ) what 's up , champ ? doug think I hear the Beast . lynne so ? doug scratch he head , clear a hole in the fogged window and tries to see something out there . doug he run off before , now he 's back ... lynne ( guess he next word ) and it sound like he 's try to tell we something ? doug ( grin ) something like that . ( continued ) 41 42 38 . continued : lynne you have be watch too much lassie . he will show up in the morning for breakfast with a nose full of porcupine quill , or smell like a skunk . c'mere . she pull he down next to her . doug I promise Bobby I would go out and look for Big Bob . lynne just stay with I a little . you know how I hate jump up as soon as we have finish . doug pull her to he chest . she pull the cover higher over they both . int . inside the trailer 41 mozart , the jupiter symphony , rise to its magnificent climax over a close up of the digital display counting off the final second on bobby's wrist . when the read - out reach 9:30 , CUT to : close up of bobby's head . he rip off the headphone . mozart vanish mid - phrase . bobby stare into space , and then hear the barking . he listen very carefully to it . something about it isn't quite right , but he doesn't fix on this . he look somewhat relieved . he get up , tuck the pistol in he belt , unlocks the door and goe outside . he leave the door partially OPEN behind he . ext . outside the trailer -- night 42 bobby goe out into the circle of light from the FIRE . the dog bark more frantically , half greet , half beckone . bobby hover at the edge of shadow , reluctant to go into the darkness . bobby Beast ? " beast " whine imploringly , as if injured and unable to come . bobby feel the fear mounting . ( continued ) 39 . continued : bobby Beast , c'mere , boy . c'mere ! he stare hard into the black , but it's impossible to see much . the whine twist into a pathetic yip , and hoarse panting . then heart -rending yowls and scream -- the sort of sound dog make when they 've be struck by car . bobby plunge into the darkness . bobby Beast , here boy ! where be you ? he run in the direction the cry come from , fall hard over something in the dark , get up and stagger on . then he stop . bobby Beast ? silence . bobby hey , boy ! he's answered by the baaing of a sheep . bobby stand dumbfounded . it come from some distance back into the still deeper dark , but it be unmistakable . bobby start backing up , talking to himself , gun drawn . bobby you have get to get the flashlight , can not see a damn ... he turn and start running , then force himself to walk , half the time backward , as if something terrible be close in on he . he reach the clearing safely and walk shakily to the trailer . the door be close . he tries it , but it's locked . bobby ( to himself ) you asshole ! you lock yourself out ! Jesus ! he goe through he pocket to be sure . no keys . he step back and look over at the station wagon , then goe toward it . when he get close to it he can hear lynne and doug go at it again . the car start to shake . ( continued ) 43 44 45 46 40 . continued : ( 2 ) bobby ( unbely ) je-sus ! he stand perplexed , then head back to the door and tries it again , shaking it harder in frustration . int . inside the trailer 43 tight on the inside door handle shaking . pull back to reveal the thirteen year old savage plaster against the door , holding he breath . ext . outside the trailer -- night 44 bobby sit on the stair outside the door , then just as quickly get up and head for the station wagon . int . inside the trailer 45 the young savage move fast , emptying the refrigerator of food , which he put on the kitchen table along with the flash light , a coleman lantern , binoculars , a ax , knive , and a ball of twine . this all happens very fast , but not so fast that we don't realize he's intentionally ignore watch , a compass , fork and spoons , and , in one drawer , a sizable amount of money . he move now toward the darkened end of the trailer . ext . outside the trailer -- night 46 CUT to bobby stand cross - armed outside the station wagon , waiting . there's a sort of scrambling inside , then lynne speak through the window . lynne ( crossly ) alright . bobby crank down the rear window from the outside and be greeted by a dour - face big sister . lynne this better be good . bobby I need to borrow you key . lynne just stare at he . bobby return her stare , try to control he anger and awkwardness . ( continued ) 47 41 . continued : bobby I lock myself out . lynne you could not wait ? bobby blows up in rage . bobby gimme you key , for god'sake ! you expect I to wait all night -- the Beast be out there hurt or something , dad 's not back and you two can not find anything better -- lynne all right , Bobby , just get off the podium . doug be into he pant and out of the car , pulling on a shirt . he hold up he hand in a peace -making gesture to both of they . doug alright , both of you ; it 's time we get organize , here . ( to Bobby ) now , what 's this about the Beast be hurt ? we just hear he a while back and he sound chipper as hell . bobby but do not you hear he scream ? I have get to get the flashlight ! doug produce the keys and the two head for the trailer . lynne , meanwhile , be scrambling into her clothes . ext . inside the trailer 47 the young savage hover directly over the sleeping form of brenda , he eye showing total concentration , he mouth slightly OPEN , he long weathered finger unbuttoning her sleeping tunic with incredible delicacy . gently he spread her garment OPEN , exposing her to he eye . but as the chill night AIR of the trailer move unto her moist , warm skin , the girl curl in her sleep , pulling the cover back over her body . the savage reach over he own shoulder , down the back of he shirt , and produce a long , gleaming blade set in a horn handle . ( continued ) 48 49 50 42 . continued : with he free hand he pull the microphone of the nearby c/b set over to he . at this instant he hear douglas put the key in the lock . he push down the " talk " button on the microphone . pluto do it ! ext . outside the trailer 48 there's a explosion , and a big ball of FIRE roar up from the darkness about a hundre yard from the trailer . this noise be followed immediately by terrible scream . doug and bobby freeze at the door ; lynne spin ' round and listen in horror to a all - too - familiar voice , scream out from the direction of the FIRE . voice ( 0.s. ) ethellll !!! int . inside the trailer 49 the agonized voice penetrate the trailer with startling clarity . brenda sit straight up as the second cry follows hard on the first . voice ( 0.s. ) ethel -- mother help meee !!! brenda find the knife blade inches from her blinking eye . a thin , filthy hand clamp over her mouth before she can cry out . above her in the trailer's bunk her mother lurch up . ethel Bob more terrible scream from outside . ethel half fall down the ladder , pulling a robe around her , and rush from the trailer , seeing nothing of her daughter's circumstance . the young savage immediately rip the blanket off the girl and fall upon her . ext . outside the trailer 50 just outside the door , doug almost collide with ethel as he head into the trailer . he spin round and catch the woman' arm . doug ethel , do not go out there ! ( continued ) 51 52 53 43 . continued : the hysterical woman pull free and run off after the scream . lynne and bobby already be far off . doug duck into the trailer . int . inside the trailer 51 doug vault over to the kitchen table , the CENTER of the brightly lit front portion of the trailer . he wrestle a FIRE extinguisher off the wall , then sees the first aid kit on the table , along with food , tool , and all the other loot gathere by the young savage . a close shot on brenda and her assailant . the young savage have pulled the girl into the deepest shadow he can , and hold the knife to her throat . doug hear the bunk squeak , however , and squint into the dark at the back of the trailer . doug Brenda ? keep a eye on shanti , okay ? doug snatch up the first aid kit , giving a fast quizzical glance at the rest of the STUFF -- there's no time to figure it out . he race from the trailer . ext . just outside the trailer -- night 52 doug sprint toward the FIRE over the hill . we watch he out of sight , then pan back to the trailer door . it's wide OPEN the keys still in the lock . pan right a little . a second savage , at least six feet tall and burly as a shark , step from the shadow . ext . over the ridge -- night 53 CUT to a shot of a entire large tree aflame . FIRE snake up the thick trunk , leap among the branch and dance up into the AIR from snapping clot of incandescent leave . the roar be deafening . huge pop and crack as branch explode and rain down FIRE . and a terrible banshee of smoke roll and coil up toward the moon , alive with hissing choir of SPARKS and ash . on the far side of the tree , bobby arrive and stagger back from the heat , where he be joined by lynne , then ethel and doug . CUT to a group shot of there face staring at something naile to the tree . lynne ( soundlessly ) daddy ... ( continued ) 54 44 , continued : ethel run at the tree of FIRE , clutching at her crucified husband feet . for one instant the other be petrified by horror and confusion , then they race in , arm thrown over there face to protect they from the heat , and pull the woman away . doug aim the FIRE extinguisher . doug good God , I be sorry Bob , it 's the only way . doug unleashes a wave of foam over the charree man and burning tree trunk . int . inside the trailer 54 the second savage , who will later be identified as mar , leap into the trailer , pistol in hand , long rope of muscle tense . meeting no resistance , he step cat - like over pile of clothes and other domestic article thrown out of drawer and off shelve by the younger savage , pluto . as soon as he sees the food on the table he be upon it , cramming huge mouthful of fruit , bread , and RAW ground beef into he mouth , topping it off with a full quart of milk drunk without a breath , the extra spilling down he chin and filthy chest , over the necklace of coyote teeth and cartridge shell , over the decorative scar on he belly . abruptly he eye be caught by a movement . there be a finch cage in the corner of the kitchenette . the savage rip off the night cover , tear OPEN the door and pull out the stunned bird , tearing off there head like another man might uncork two bottle . crushing the little body in he big fist he drink there warm blood then fling the body into a corner of the floor . wiping he mouth with the back of he hand , he's staring into the dark at the back of the trailer . he's heard brenda moan . a huge bloody smile crack he face . we see he teeth be file to point . he move into the dark . CUT to a tight shot of brenda's face , contorted in pain turned away from what' happening to her , from the knife at her neck , the rank hair spill over her breast . pluto be snarling and pumping at her in climax . in the midst of this he be jerked away and flung against a wall by mar . pluto land on he feet and bring up the knife . in a flash it's kicked from he hand and he's picked up bodily and thrown fifteen feet into the kitchenette . ( continued ) 55 45 . continued : he get right up and smashes everything in sight for a explosive ten second , then glare at mar . mar watch without expression . until shanti begins crying from the noise . then he turn to her SOUND of delicate , mortal need with a terrible saw - toothed leer . CUT to brenda , hunched in the corner of the wall and bunk like a terrified animal . she' looking at the long shining knife , now lying beneath a nearby chair . then she look at mar , who' looming against the far wall , holding back the curtain at the door to shanti' niche . the child fall quiet , sensing the presence of the predator . close shot of the infant's face , gazing up innocent as can be . CUT to the face of mar , looking down on her , he eye bright as teeth . brenda edge out of her corner , elongating her posture toward pluto' blade . watching mar . she' to the edge of the bunk when she freeze . mar turn and fix her on he stare , jerking he head at the infant . mar ba-bee fat . you all fat . ' juu - ceee ! he rip the entire mattress out onto the floor , spilling brenda out of it , and fall on her . back at the kitchenette pluto pick up a hand hatchet . he turn it over in he hand once , then toss it onto the pile of food and loot , gather the four corner of the tablecloth and lift the whole Mass up and over he shoulder . he lug it out the door . ext . the burning tree -- night 55 the tree's trunk and the body naile to it seethe beneath the crusted foam , but the flame be gone , driven back up into the branch where they still feed with bright noise , snapping at each other . as gently as possible they lift the man - shape cross of foam off the charree tree , gagging at the sweet smell of chemicals and roasted flesh . they lay he down some distance from the FIRE , cover he with coat , and scrape the foam from he blackened face . half the flesh fall away with it . incredibly , life still flicker in the man . the mouth , gape OPEN , make noise and a black tongue poke out as if to moisten lip that now be ash . ( continued ) 46 . continued : bobby gheillgh . he breath end in smoke . the family stare at the apparition of life without knowing what to do . doug straighten , look at ethel . bob wagh-ergh ... wagh ... Rrr. doug pull ethel up , shaking her gently . doug ethel , we will need water . he want water would you get some ? lynne sees he's try to spare the woman the sight of her husband dying so gruesomely . she stare at doug blankly . ethel that 's not Bob , that 's not my Bob , be it ? doug of course not , Mom , it 's someone else . he need water ... please . lynne I will go with you , ma. the two women get to there feet , weaving in the smoke . doug whiskey and blanket , too , lynne . lynne yes . the two women go off . doug turn to bobby , who have retreated into a unearthly silence . doug you all right , Bobby ? he put he hand on bobby's shoulder . bobby pointedly shrug the hand off , he face flat behind a sheen of perspiration . bobby stand with no sign of emotion , pull the pistol from he belt and aim it at he father' head . doug give I you coat , would you ? he 's still cold . ( continued ) 56 57 47 . continued : ( 2 ) bobby look at doug and lick he dry lip . the gun waver . doug you coat . bobby lower the gun and drop it , tear off he coat and give it to doug . doug take the coat to the body . he stop and study it a long moment , then sink to he knee and lay the jacket gently over big bob' face . doug so long , Bob . bobby stoop and pick up the pistol , still refusing to show emotion . doug that 's not the answer . bobby you be not my father . the young man back up , looking once at the smoking corpse . bobby neither be that . my father 's still alive . he turn and walk into the dark , the gun hanging at the end of he arm like a new prosthetic . ext . outside the trailer -- night 56 pluto straighten in the doorway of the trailer where he's be posted . reversing to he p.o.v. we see lynne and ethel approaching through the brush . they don't see he . pluto duck inside . int . inside the trailer 57 pluto race to the back of the trailer where mar roll over brenda . pluto woman 's cume ! mar ( not look up ) send em in . ( continued ) 58 59 48 . continued : pluto tries to pull mar away . mar slashes out with he free arm and pluto fall hurt . he struggle up and stagger from the area , toward the door . mar rear up in disgust , now distracted . he watch pluto , then turn . shanti once again be fussing , about to cry . ext . outside the trailer -- night 58 just as lynne and ethel reach the trailer , pluto reel out the door , something almost like a pleasure on he face . the women be so stunned they do nothing but stare at he . he turn and vanish into the dark . lynne hey ! she take a step after he , then hear shanti begin to cry in earnest . lynne shanti ! lynne rush into the trailer . int . inside the trailer 59 lynne take in the mess of the robbery mid - stride , then almost run squarely into mar , who have the c/b radio under one arm , shanti under the other . he have a terrible set , calm , deadly look on he face . mar get out the way . lynne ( livid with rage . ) where the fuck hell you think you be go with my kid ? she kick he right in the groin . he crash down , dropping the radio to get to the gun . but he doesn 't. lets go of the infant . there's a desperate moment of tug -a-war between the mother and the savage , then she release her hold on her child and goe for the man' eye . he in turn drop the child and pin the scream mother to the floor with he free hand . CUT to brenda , savaged and torn , crawling across the litter floor toward the forgotten knife . now she have it . ( continued ) 60 61 62 63 49 . continued : CUT to mar , holding lynne to the floor , shanti scream in terror , as ethel struggle through the door and toward the savage , a broom in her hand . ethel get out of here , you nigger ! the savage send the woman slamming backward with a deafening shot . brenda catch lynne's eye . it happens in a instant , and the next brenda give the knife a shove , it skid along the formica floor and be caught by lynne . the savage sees the move and twist just as the strike be made . the blade strike he rib at a angle and glance off , bloodying he without do he any real harm . he drive he pistol hard against lynne's belly and fire . she be snapped backward , but lurch at he again , striking he in the thigh . he fall back and begins to empty he pistol into her . ext . in the brush -- night 60 CUT to bobby somewhere off by himself , shaken from he revelry by the SOUND of distant shot . he stand up , realize they 're coming from the direction of the trailer , and start running . ext . the burning tree -- night 61 doug , running toward the trailer . int . inside the trailer 62 the savage mar spring to he feet , snatching up the baby . brenda struggle painfully to her feet and make for he . mar sidestep her and she fall . he grab her by the hair and begins dragging her toward the door . someone spring through the door . it's pluto . mar lift the scream baby and throws her across the room to pluto . the young savage field her with a terrible laugh and flash out the door . mar throws brenda over he shoulder and run out of the trailer . ext . outside the trailer -- night 63 mar sees doug coming at he about fifty yard away on the dead run , and bobby , farther away , but with a gun . mar unceremoniously dump the girl and run . ( continued ) 64 65 66 67 50 . continued : brenda roll face up and her hand come up clawing the AIR . in several second doug be with her . doug shh , do not try to talk , honey , everything 's okay now -- doug's already back up , passing brenda's hand to bobby , who come racing in . doug stay with she . doug run into the trailer . int . inside the trailer 64 doug take it all in with a sort of fierce calm . ethel be alive , lynne dead . he hold her hand for a moment , then jump up and run back to shanti' crib . empty . doug ( roaring ) you bastard ! he race out into the night . ext . outside the trailer -- afternoon 65 doug stop only long enough to shout at bobby . doug see to you mother ! he run off into the dark in the general direction taken by mar . bobby goe to the door of the trailer and look in . ext . in the bushes -- night 66 doug race along in the dark , crashing into cactus , falling getting back up . at last he stop , the breath ragged in he throat . he listen . all around he be pitch black silence . doug shannn-tiiiiiii ! !! ext . on a dark plane -- night 67 CUT to pluto and mar running effortlessly in the dark , laughing like child , tossing the infant back and forth between they . the infant be watling . ( continued ) 68 69 51 . continued : they pass into the dark along a trail . only now can we hear doug's calling from a great distance , and from the opposite direction . doug ( distant 0.s. ) shannn-tiiiiii !!! int . inside the trailer 68 bobby work feverishly over he bloody mother , try to stop the flow of her wound . the woman be delirious . ethel daddy ? where 's my daddy ? daddy ? brenda , deep in SHOCK and pain , drag herself past the two and slump by her slain sister , try to smooth the woman' bloody hair . bobby ( curtly ) Brenda , get I some clean towel , then see if you can find the first aid kit . Brenda ! the girl respond to the last shout and almost sullenly move off on the errand . bobby goe back to attending to he mother , strangely angry at brenda . from outside , off in the BUSH , we can hear doug call again . doug ( distant 0.s. ) shannn-tiiiiii !!! ext . in the BUSH -- night 69 doug ( hoarse whisper ) shanti ! pull back and up until he's quite SMALL , until we can see the light of the trailer and the bonfire and even beyond , to the burning tree . they all recede into the distance , until there disappearance against the black arc of a unlit planet moving among the star . 70 71 52 . ext . a height -- night 70 pan down from a sweep across the night sky to a spine of stone , high above a grove of pine and cedar . a powerful organic -electronic tendon of music appear and swell , and the huge german shepherd " the beast " clamber into view . silhouetted against the milky way , he appear immense , he great chest pumping like a engine from the climb . a terrible red light burn in he eye as he test the AIR , then glare down toward the forest below . close shot on he face . he lip pull back over awful teeth and a gasping SOUND of unquenchable rage rumble from he very heart . cutting to he p.o.v. we see mar and pluto with the infant shanti , plus the tablecloth sack of loot . they 're moving through the wood below . " the beast " move off parallel to they . ext . a clearing on a plateau -- night 71 pluto and mar pause at the edge of the clearing . pluto extend the aerial of he c/b walkie -talkie . pluto ( quietly ) Pluto and Mars , ' proachin ' home twenty . do not pop we . silence . pluto you get yer ear on , mer'cry ? MERCURY ( via C / B ) Roger , Pluto . what 's you 10 - 20 ? pluto we at the ballpark on Big Mac . and we get the goods , plus a bonus bacon , straight from the dirty side . pluto hold the infant upside down by its legs and thrust the microphone against its head . shanti wail angrily . pluto pull her away and grins into the mic . MERCURY ( via C /b ) haw ! ma ma gonna be happy with that ! c'mon through . ( continued ) 72 73 53 . continued : pluto 10 - 4 on that , merc'ry . ext . a high rocky overlook -- night 72 MERCURY , a silhouetted savage against the night sky , finishes he transmission with the two below . MERCURY ten-four , Pluto . slow zoom in to the man . he put the radio down casually , then step to the edge of the precipice and look down . p.o.v. of pluto and mar far far below , disappearing into the tree on the far side of the clearing . CUT to c.u. of MERCURY , a young savage o perhap fifteen . he sniff the AIR routinely , clear he throat and spit a glob far out into the drop before he , watching it float down in the moonlight . CUT to " the beast " stepping soundlessly into the clear , about twenty feet behind MERCURY . mercury face change ever so slightly . he sense something odd , and turn . not soon enough . " the beast " be in full charge by the time the savage have turned . the dog simply jump up and jam he front paw onto the boy' chest . MERCURY spill backward over the edge . we hear a sharp cry CUT short by a concussion , then a long falling silence , then another hit , and still other , bar below . " the beast " stand at the edge , he tail wagging slowly , watching . ext . a pine wood -- night 73 CUT to pluto and mar . pluto stop and look back . mar stop . mar what ? pluto listen more carefully . shake he head . pluto think I hear somethin' . rock fallin ' . mar y 'got rock in yer head , asshole . ( continued ) 74 75 76 54 . continued : pluto turn to mar and exchange a unfathomable look with the big man . it's impossible to tell whether he would like to kill he , or whether he might be considering the remark at face value . he turn back to the trail . the two go off toward there home . pluto still hold the c/ B at the ready . ext . mercury lookout point -- night 74 " the beast " walk back from the edge and pisses against a BUSH . then he sees the walkie - talkie on the ground . almost as he doe , the instrument squawks into life . pluto ( C /b ) hello , home 20 , you read I ? ext . ruby's isolation post -- night 75 near the cooling ash of the dead cooking FIRE , ruby lie bundled against the cold . from some distance we can hear pluto' unanswered transmission . ruby stir and open her eye . mar chime into the microphone . mar ( C /b ) ( sing loudly ) oh , do not tell the priest we plight or he would call it sin but we have be out in the wood all night conjurin ' summer in ! ruby wake at this , a big smile coming over her face . she stumble up and goe tentatively to the hide flap that cover the entrance to the cave , reach gingerly inside and pick up the headset of the field telephone locate there . she crank the generator . ruby Pluto ? you okay ? ext . mercury lookout point -- night 76 " the beast " growls at the walkie - talkie , watching it intently . over a lot of static , we can hear pluto answering ruby . pluto ( C /b ) damn right ! N ' get a present for ya ... ( static ) baby ... ( more ) ( continued ) 77 55 . continued : pluto ( cont would ) ( static ) so heat up the pot ! the rest disappear in static , then , distantly , we can just make out ruby answering , excite . " the beast " gingerly pick the instrument up in he teeth and trots off with it . ruby and pluto' voice fade as the dog disappear . ext . savage ' compound -- night 77 ruby listen happily as pluto and mar crack obscene and unintelligible joke over the walkie - talkie , straining her eye to see they come into sight on the trail into the compound . the girl doesn't see PA PA until he be almost upon her from the opposite direction . he be a huge , giant of a man , larger by a head and a half than mar . he's perhap in he fiftie , scar - face , hairy , powerful as a grizzly . he have something very large and dark flung over he shoulder . without a word he dump this thing onto the ground and kick ruby , so hard that the girl crash into the pole of a cooking tripod fifteen feet away . he withdraws a enormous knife from a sheath at he belt . just as he move toward the girl ma ma tear from behind the leather flap , and with surprising speed and agility for a woman of her great size , put herself between ruby and PA PA . PA PA I cut yer head off , you do not move . ma ma she clean . PA PA ( not hearing ) she touch radidio . fuck it up . ma ma ( insist ) she clean , jupe , no more bleed . past midnight . ruby painfully get up , shaking . ruby true , pa pa. she reach beneath her skirt and pull up a handful of dry moss . ( continued ) 56 . continued : ruby clean . she crumble the dry substance and allow it to fall between her finger , demonstrate it's free of contamination . PA PA sniff and turn away . PA PA good thing . he head come up at something new . nostril flaring , he turn toward the wood . ruby ( quietly ) ' S Pluto and Mars ... PA PA ( curtly ) I get a nose . he move off to join he son , who now break from the dark wood , dragging the sack of booty , lifting the wailing infant shanti high over there head like child back from there first hunt might display a rabbit . PA PA turn to ruby . PA PA wake up ' ranus , sattern and Neptune . ruby doesn't hear . she' starring at shanti . PA PA shove her roughly . PA PA hey , girl . wake up ' ranus , sattern , and Neptune . ' S time t' start th ' fire . ruby goe into the cave . PA PA turn to he son who now be laughing and giggling with there success and excitement . ma ma take shanti as one might take the bacon . mar sniff the AIR mightily . mar ( appreciatively ) somethin ' smell gooood ! the three men walk over to the dark mound of the kill prey PA PA entered with . PA PA roll it face up with he foot . we see it's big bob . he's naked , and he's be gute . ( continued ) 78 79 57 . continued : ( 2 ) PA PA pa pa bring home the bacon . the three laugh uproariously , slapping each other on the back and stamping the earth . ext . outside the trailer -- night 78 carry the laughter over this CUT and fade it gradually . doug appear , pale and ghostly . he goe to the door of the trailer and find it close and locked . he knock . doug Bobby ? he shake the door gently . after a moment it's unlocked gingerly from the inside . the door swing OPEN a little . doug pull it back to enter and find himself starring down the barrel of bobby's pistol . doug you and that thing ought to get marry . bobby still doesn't completely lower the gun , apparently afraid of some sort of trap . doug move he head so he can look directly into the eye of the deeply frightened young man . doug hey. Bobby . it 's alright bobby ( coldly ) you say that a lot . you find shanti ? doug move the gun to one side and goe into the trailer . bobby stays at the door a long moment , scanning the darkness for anything suspicious . then he pull the door close and double lock it . int . inside the trailer 79 the trailer be in chaotic shape . litter , torn apart , bloody . our camera walk through all this . bobby stays by the door with the gun , leaning against the wall as if he FURY be too heavy to support . doug be back checking the women . he make eye contact with brenda for a instant , but she immediately break it . doug climb to the upper bunk to check on ethel . ( continued ) 58 . continued : a bloody cloth be wound round her head . her eye be OPEN . she look at doug and make a feeble motion of recognition . ethel ( barely audible ) such a mess . doug shh , Mom . ethel such a small space , a trailer ... when it 's messy it 's so messy . daddy come home ? doug not yet , buddy . ethel where be the kid -- they in bed yet ? doug Brenda 's right below . Bobby 's over in the kitchen . CUT to bobby staring back at the two , then away . ethel drink Coke , I bet . lynne asleep . doug yeah . can I get you anything . ethel another blanket , if you can find one please . doug spread another blanket over the woman and take her hand . it's pale as china . she move her head painfully to the side , so she can look at her son -in - law , and speak in a voice so faint we more read her lip than hear her . ethel thank you . 80 ext . a rocky promontory -- night 80 above the plain of the desert rise a row of cliff and forested palisade , and above these , spire of rock where nothing can establish footing to grow . atop the very highest of these we clearly see FIRE . 81 82 59 . ext . another aeria -- night 81 close up on two dark , rough hand . in the web of one , between the thumb and forefinger , be a cross with three ray above it , the " patchuco " tattoo of the universal outlaw . the hand be working a oak firebow of ancient design . the bow string spin a shaft of the same wood . this shaft buzy in a slotted piece of softer wood , willow . after a moment of this intense friction , a fat spark fall from the slot into a wad of dry moss . combustion . the hand carry this flame to a SMALL heap of birch bark peeling . soon hungry FIRE climb into the assembled twig , stick and log . a wider shot . we see several young savage pass ' round the pack of cigarettes that hour before be in big bob' shirt pocket . they light up with he butane lighter and watch in satisfaction as there signal FIRE grow . a very long shot . the FIRE show from a great height . pan to other fire , down the line of cliff . we hear whistle and hoot of celebration echoing down into the dark canyon . int . inside the trailer 82 doug and bobby finish a quick check of cabinet , refrigerator , etc . the place have be somewhat straightened up , so that there's more a sense of control over the situation . bobby have found pluto' knife and place it on the table before doug , who be just finishing make a cup of bullion for brenda . without acknowledging the weapon , doug take the brew back to brenda . two shot of doug gently urging brenda to drink , easing her out of her SHOCK . back in the kitchen , bobby run down there situation as he sees it . bobby they get most of we food , we C /b , extra cartridge , compass , knife , the hatchet ... they clean we out . doug smile encouragingly as brenda take a sip . brenda study he over the brim of the cup with a look of cryptic attention . ( continued ) 60 . continued : bobby ( continue ) they have kill two of we , maybe three , plus we two dog , run we into the ditch - - they take you kid , for gosh sake -- doug ( turn to he ) if you have something to say , why do not you say it ? bobby straighten as doug come over to he and light a cigarette , keeping he eye on the younger man . bobby I do not understand what you be wait for . doug daylight . bobby I think you be afraid . doug you be goddamn right , I be afraid . so be you , schmuck ! bobby I be not afraid of a bunch of ... whatever they be . doug my ass . you be scared shitless . you have not have that canon out of you hand since I get back this afternoon -- what do you expect I to do , go out and find shanti by radar ? bobby you could try . doug ignore this . he pour himself a cup of instant coffee . bobby stare out the window at nothing . doug why do not you try to sleep ? bobby I be not sleepy . doug drink coffee and smoke . bobby be more and more irritate by doug's apparent calm . ( continued ) 61 . continued : ( 2 ) bobby who be they , anyway ? doug I do not know . bobby they look like some sort of motorcycle gang , the glimpse I get . Hell 's angel maybe . doug I do not think so . bobby why not ? doug no motorcycle . bobby maybe Indians . or escape convict . or mental patient , or part of a hippy killer clan , or mutant -- this be a test range , you know . they could be some sort of mutant . doug seem lost in thought , and respond to none of this . both men be arrested suddenly by the SOUND of a walkie - talkie transmission just outside the trailer . bobby cock the pistol , and doug turn out the light . something scratch against the door . bobby fire two shot through it before doug can grab he hand . doug Jesus , Bobby -- take it easy ! brenda be scream for a moment , then be silent . once again there be the SOUND of the radio , this time just outside the door . c/b ( 0.s. ) hey , Neptune , you get Ruby t'night ? haw ! ( static answer ) doug , despite bobby's protest , ease OPEN the door . a walkie - talkie lie on the stair of the trailer , hissing and sputter . no sign of anything or anyone else . doug gingerly pick up the walkie - talkie , noting its U.S. army marking . he look around . ( continued ) 83 84 62 . continued : ( 3 ) doug hello ? there's a long moment silence , then a " woof " from the darkness . doug be face lighten a good deal , almost toward a smile . doug Beast ? the " beast " come wag - tailing into the light from behind some bushes . he seem afraid he's go to be shot , but doug's OPEN happiness at seeing the dog reassure he , and he's soon happily barking and prancing around doug , jumping up on he and bobby , licking face and generally celebrate there reunion . doug heft the radio , seeing that it's be bring to he by " the beast . " doug ( to " the Beast " ) you bring this ? the beast bark proudly . doug turn to bobby . doug well , by God , we may not know who they be , but now we can know what they be say to each other -- and I have get a feel " the Beast " can take I to shanti . ext . a pine grove -- just before dawn 83 close up on a thick pine trunk as a ax bite out big chip . there's a sharp crack and the tree begins to fall . CUT to a wide shot of the tree crashing down , and several dark savage form running for cover . the tree smashes into the ground . CUT to the tree having its branch axed off by shout and laughing young savage , both male and female . we recognize one of the axe as the one stolen from the trailer by pluto . ext . a stoney ridge -- just before dawn 84 a long procession of savage , the long pole of the stripped tree over there shoulder as they climb out of the forest and up toward the height . 85 86 63 . int . a cave 85 ruby sit curled up with shanti , strangely content for the first time in her life . the baby have a almost magic effect on her , radiating at once a kind of peace and a pure ENERGY that make her feel good and powerful and excite . shanti watch the girl intently as the girl wrap her in clean skin and arrange various decoration and adornment on her . platted flowers and tiny necklace . several person rush by , dragging large mask , costume and implement , musical instrument , crude drum fashioned from steel drum . they pass out of the cave . pluto , among they , pause , acutely aware of the feeling around he sister and the baby . he poke a stick at the baby , appraisingly . ruby push the stick away . ruby do not . pluto you goin ' soft . ruby ai not . pluto make to strike the infant a blow with the staff he's carrying . ruby throws herself protectively over shanti . when no blow fall she look up at pluto , angry at be caught so easily . pluto y'are . ruby ( sullenly ) go away . ext . outside the cave -- pre -dawn 86 pluto pass out of the hide - flapped cave , under camouflage netting , and run to help with the tipping up and stepping of the tall pine mast . in a aside , we see mar instruct one young savage to " go take over for merc 'ry . " the savage depart . our attention goe back to the tree raising . it's a very arduous , difficult task , but within minute the thing be set and made secure . ( continued ) 87 88 89 64 . continued : all up its length be strange and colorful decoration : colored bunting made from stained bandaging , branch of flowering wildwood , and at the very top , we see as we zoom in close , the dark , charree head of big bob , face frozen in a terrible grimace of outrage . there's a general round of cheering among the savage , and bottle of expensive whisky be circulate freely , along with earthen vial of strange powder , that be mix with the drink . many seem already to be in a sort of trance , eye glaze , nose streaming greenish string of thick mucous . ext . mercury outpost -- dawn 87 high above the forest floor the savage direct by mar to relieve MERCURY arrive at the lookout point . he find MERCURY gone . he cast about and find the print of both MERCURY , then the big paw print of " the beast . " the young savage smell the BUSH where " the beast " pissed he signature , curse , pull out he knife and cut the BUSH away from its root , savagely flinging it over the edge of the cliff . as he follows it down , he sees the body of MERCURY , far below , on the rock . he face register acute pain , and he race for the trail down . ext . the rock below -- dawn 88 the savage run up to MERCURY , find he obviously dead . the savage , whose name be neptune , lets out a terrible howl of rage and pain , then cast about for the radio . he can't find it , of course . he struggle with the body of MERCURY until he have it over he shoulder , then goe off toward the trail back to he camp , as quickly as possible . ext . near the burned - out tree -- early morning 89 the tree still smolder , trailing a plume of yellow - white smoke up into the early haze of morning . bobby and doug arrive with a blanket and pole , a makeshift litter . they pause at the foot of the tree . fly swarm up from the entrail of big bob . the body of course be gone . bobby I do not believe this ... ( continued ) 65 . continued : doug they must have come back and take he in the night . he stare at the gut for a moment , then force himself to take he eye away . he sees bob' clothing in a heap behind the tree . doug goe over and pick up the clothes , thoughtfully dropping they back down . something make a metallic clink . doug stoop and move the clothes until he find bob' trouser . from the pocket he remove a wallet , some change , and a single key . doug give the effect of big bob to bobby and immediately head back for the trailer . bobby catch up with he . the conversation take place " on the run . " bobby why would they want he body ? this be crazy ! doug recognize the key ? bobby ( ignore ) do you think we might have get ourselves into the middle of some kind of Army maneuver ? I mean , maybe they be some kind of special force go nut maybe they do not realize who we be . doug ( sardonically ) oh ? who be we ? bobby ( with frighten logic ) Americans . civilian , for gosh sake ! they be not suppose to go around burn and raping and kidnap we , just because we try to sneak into California without a pass ! doug have no answer for that . they have reached the trailer , which be guard by " the beast . " only a few step from the door of the trailer be two grave scooped out of the sane . next to one , wrapped in a sheet , be the corpse of lynne . doug goe to her . ( continued ) 66 . continued : ( 2 ) doug ( to Bobby ) give we some help , would you ? bobby help doug lower lynne into the grave . doug open the sheet to take he final look . lynne's face be dark red , and twisted in a snarl of pain . even her eye , dull and white remain OPEN . doug be clearly shaken . with great effort he steadies he hand enough to close her eye . then he wrap her from the light in the sheet . he face be ashen . he climb from the grave . there's no shovel , so he begins filling the grave the same way he emptied it : with he hand . CUT to the doorway of the trailer . brenda leans from the door enough to watch . he expression be one of mute horror blank yet volatile . bobby kneel and begins helping push the earth into the hole . CUT to " the beast . " he plop down , he eye on the grave , lowering he big head until it rest on the sand between he paw . doug sit up . the grave be filled . doug look at the " beast . " " the beast " raise he head and he face animate to intent readiness . doug ready , old boy ? " the beast " wag he tail and whine once . doug stand up and brush off he trouser . the " beast " be immediately on he feet , rushing around , panting and whuffing , eager to get go . he smell the hunt . doug turn to bobby . doug I be go after shanti . the Beast will get I there , after that I will send he back . bobby be you serious ? follow that clown ? he will lead you down every gopher hole in the state before he will take you to shanti . and what about I ? you be leave I with a die woman , a freak out kid sister -- what if they come back ? ( continued ) 67 . continued : ( 3 ) this line of question be hurled at doug as doug goe about gathering the army C /b , a jar of water , a " space jacket " of superthin aluminized mylar , and last , almost reluctantly , pluto' knife . he stop in front of bobby . doug if they come back you will have you hand full , no sense kid ourselves . but you should have plenty of warning . the way they have be talk on the c/b through the night , it 's clear they do not know we have one of they unit . I have set we C / B to the same channel , 38 . every half hour or so you should call for help on the military channel -- the one they be not use . bobby what make you think there 's anybody except this guy around ? doug look , there 's no way the people who hit we be Army , yet they have Army equipment . and it 's battery operate , so they can not have have it too long . bobby so you be say they steal it or something . doug or find it , or something . I will stay in touch with you every fifteen minute on the quarter hour . the rest of the time I will be monitoring they channel . if I find out anything you should know , I will pass it right along . how many round do you have ? bobby nine . six in the gun , three I find on the floor . I think they have get dad 's gun , and the extra ammunition . plus most of the useful tool , almost all the food - - I think we have some bullion cube , a can of shark fin soup hat lynne buy in Denver . even they would not eat that the two men laugh for the first time in a long while , then shake hand . ( continued ) 68 . continued : ( 4 ) doug if they come for the trailer , I would suggest you head up into the rock ; you be sit duck in this damn thing . doug whistle to " the beast . " the dog bark and race toward the scrub , then back again . bobby and what if I contact the Army or Air Force of whoever the heck it be own this corner of hell ? doug ( over he shoulder ) tell they to get we the hell out of here , what do you think ? bobby that 's not what I mean . I mean how do I tell they where to find we ? doug stop and scratch he head . doug burn a tire . bobby what ? doug ( half joke ) set the spare tire on fire . it will make a lot of black smoke . they should be able to see it from a plane or copter . and tell they about the blue line on the map . bobby the map be not the territory . doug wave a acknowledgement to that , turn and walk away . " the beast " run ahead of he , looping back and around , then ahead again , until the two be lost in the distance . the day be barely begun , yet already the sun' heat be uncomfortable . bobby flick the sweat off he forehead and watch a spinning column of dust dance through the sage between he and doug . doug disappear from view . bobby turn back to the trailer . brenda stand not ten feet away , watching he . ( continued ) 69 . continued : ( 5 ) bobby I think you be injure , or something . brenda where be Doug and the Beast go ? bobby ( head to car ) Doug think he can just go find that two guy and get they to give shanti back . brenda ( follow Bobby . ) there 's more than two . I hear all that voice on the radio . bobby open the driver' door of the station wagon and pull the hood release , then goe to the front of the car . he attitude toward brenda be cool , aloof , angry . bobby think you be fake all that ' be in shock ' stuff . he yank OPEN the hood and remove the radiator cap , ignoring he sister' look of icy FURY . he place a pan beneath the radiator , under the car , and open the petcock . water begins draining into the pan . bobby come out from under the front bumper and look off , away from brenda's look . brenda ( grow hotter ) you really be a disgusting human be . he refused to look at her , and refuse to relent . bobby I would not talk , if I be you . mother 's wait , incidentally . brenda ( livid ) what do you think , I enjoy it or something ? ( grab he ) you think when it really get down to it I ... ( mockingly ) find my pain turn to pleasure ? you creep , you rotten son-of - a- bitch shit , you would like it better if he would kill I , too ? huh !? ( continued ) 90 70 . continued : ( 6 ) bobby ( scream ) why do not he !!? ( then , with regain control ) why do not he ? brenda glare at he in wordless rage , then turn and goe into the trailer . bobby stand up , stuff he hand in he pocket , take they back out , pick up a large rock and hurl it against the side of the beached station wagon . ext . the savage ' compound -- morning 90 CUT abruptly to the savage whirling madly about the huge pole , keeping nothing but the rhythm of the smashing steel drum , reed flute and homemade percussive instrument . the early light stream over body already coated with dust and sweat , into eye long glaze with mushroom rapture and the ecstacy of exhaustion . some of they wear mask , other headdress , and a few entire costume of frightening mien . fierce bird , fat politician , savage snake , and , from the pelt of " beauty , " a terrifying snarling dog -man -- pluto in costume . the women play the percussive instrument , chanting and swaying as they do , the men , in the costume , swirl round the pole crowned by the bleeding head of big bob , which now have a swarm of bee , fly and grackle snatching at its eye . all costume , instrument and adornment , all weapon , prop and fabric be twentieth century , most of they army issue but all have be fashioned into the most savagely beautiful and frighteningly primitive design . the men whirl and whirl , pulling out knive and slashing themselves on the arm and legs , and now we become aware of the tent of ma ma , a huge red canvas affair adorned with corn stalk and human skull . over its entrance be a sort of psychotic' shrine , with a whickering blood - red altar candle lighting a crudely framed icon of ma ma -- a wanted poster from some burned out post office . ** wanted for arson , infanticide , conspiracy -- diana jone ** in a earthen BOWL before this be the offering , something pink and hairy and bloody , swarming with fly . the men be beginning the part of the ceremony where they take turn dancing in front of this , letting there own blood drip onto it , then spinning off to make room for the next . ( continued ) 91 71 . continued : all of this take place under a much larger " tent " of camouflage netting , which give the entire rite a covert , guerrilla theatricity , a surrealistic circus / tribal / throwback to a collective subconscious atavistic wet dream nightmare . someone pull a leather thong . a thin flap at the peak of the camouflage tent fall OPEN , allowing in a shaft of morning light . the light probe the smoke and dust and fall at the open to the cave . the hide covering the entrance be pulled back and ruby , naked to the waste and gleaming with ornamental oil , a necklace of silver coin step out , carrying shanti at arm length . the girl move until the child enter the column of light . among this sea of dark ash - smear body , dark costume and dark smoke , the naked body of the infant girl be astonishingly white and vulnerable . ext . the desert -- morning 91 CUT to doug jogging with grim determination in the growing heat , a handkerchief tied around he forehead to keep the sweat from he eye . he take off he soaked shirt without breaking stride and tie it about he waste . the " beast " range just ahead . he suddenly halt as the radio begins receiving transmission . he listen while he breath rasp out of he heaving throat . neptune ( on C / B ) hey , Home 40 , I be cumin ' in . there's a considerable pause , then PA PA respond . he have to shout to even hear himself over the din of the ritual that's go on all around he . he sound mean , craze , drunk and high . PA PA ( on C / B ) who that ? neptune ( on C /b ) Neptune . pa pa ? PA PA ( on C / B ) yeah , this 's pa pa . you s'pose t'be on lookout . I kick you ass if I see you here . ( continued ) 92 72 . continued : neptune ( on C / B ) pa pa , merc'ry 's dead . I be bringin ' he in . PA PA ( on C /b , disbely ) what you say ? I could not hear you straight . sounded like ... neptune ( on C / B ) I say merc'ry 's dead . when I get to the look cut post he be go . I find he at bottom of th' cliff . he get push . PA PA ( on C / B ) who push he ? neptune ( on C / B ) a dog . a big dog . there 's track . there's silence on the C /b. doug look at " the beast " who sit nearby listening intently . doug hold out he hand to the big dog . doug ( quietly ) shake . " the beast " lift he right front paw . the man and dog shake hand . int . the cave 92 PA PA bite a knuckle , the handset of the army field set held away from he head while he ponder . he put it back to he ear and mouth . PA PA to hell with merc'ry . get back on guard . a ' call I the second you see anything funny . neptune ( on C / B ) I be not get no radidio , pa pa . I be callin ' from the inner picket . ( continued ) 93 94 73 . continued : PA PA merc'ry 's radidio break ? neptune ( on C / B ) could not find it no where ... PA PA look even more uneasy . it's clear he's no dummy . he's not jumping to conclusion , but on the other hand he's accurately seeing possible ramification . PA PA I be comin ' out . stay there , a ' do not transmit no more unless it 's bandit , you 10 - four that , Neptune ? neptune ( on C / B ) eighty -eight and ten , Roger a ' out . PA PA slam the headset onto the receiver . ext . the desert upland -- morning 93 doug listen for anything more . nothing . he lower the radio and look at " the beast . " doug well , Beast , the fan be about to hit the shit . he begins running in the original direction again , following the eager dog . ext . the ceremonial compound -- morning 94 the ceremony be in full swing . shanti have be place upon a raised altar . she be flanked on each side by a huge carving knife and fork . we might recognize they from the trailer . a large cooking FIRE dominated the area at the CENTER of the ringed savage , just before the big pole . everyone be busy eating and chanting alternately , passing around big charree piece of meat . on closer inspection we recognize the barbecued arm and ham of big bob . a " priest " of some sort be spraying shanti with chicken blood . the flapping struggle of the behead fowl frighten the child and she begins to cry . PA PA circle the seated group in silent rage until he find pluto . pluto be just about to eat the meat closest to the bone when PA PA yank he right up into the AIR . ( continued ) 95 96 74 . continued : mar sees this happening and come over , full of trepidation but showing he's next in command . PA pa' gesture indicate the relaying of neptune's news , that pluto be to come with PA PA ( along with several other ) , and that mar be to take charge . mar ' gesture indicate he suggest telling ma ma . this be immediately dismissed by PA PA . we see ma ma be rubbed with warm fat by several young female acolyte . other be bring her more cheva regal . it's clear she shouldn't be disturbed . PA PA and pluto gather a SMALL strike group and disappear out of the tent , bristling with spear and shield . ext . in the grove near the savage hq . -- day 95 a high p.o.v. of pluto and PA PA & group running across the compound and up a hill . they climb until they reach the " inner circle picket . " this reveal it to US . CUT to doug , watching they . he pick up he C /b , change the channel , and push the talk button . doug ( quietly ) Bobby ...? Bobby , you read I ? int . inside the trailer 96 CUT directly to a close - up of ethel' face . it's obvious the woman' dead . a hand come into frame and close the woman' eye . pull back to reveal brenda , in attendance . she lower her head onto her mother' still breast and weep unashamedly . background we can hear bobby , himself transmitting on the trailer be C / B . bobby ( B / G ) mayday , mayday , this be a breaker one - niner for kuy - 9532 -- do anybody read this transmission ? we need military or police aid -- mayday , mayday . he put down the mike as brenda's crying break he concentration . bobby Brenda , will you keep still ? brenda leap up in FURY and start throwing everything she can get her hand on at bobby -- pillow , lamp shade , book . ( continued ) 97 98 75 . continued : bobby jump up and counterattacks , charging through a hail of projectile until he can get he hand on her . he pin brenda , who be still gasping and sobbing , against a wall . bobby what be you try to do , anyway , creep . give Mom a heart attack ? brenda just fix he with a awful look . bobby look at her in confusion , then at the bed where the utterly still woman lie . bobby lets go of brenda . he slump at the back , raise he shoulder instinctively . bobby oh , no . he move toward the bed . ext . doug's point of vantage -- day 97 doug persist in try to reach bobby . doug Bobby ? come in , dammit . from doug be p.o.v. we see PA PA , pluto , and the five or six other savage with they climb down from the guard station , confer once more , then head in the direction of the trailer , and bobby , brenda and ethel . doug desperately tries calling bobby again . doug Bobby , do you read I -- they be come you way , boy -- put you ear on ! int . inside the trailer 98 CUT to interior of the trailer , where bobby be at the C /b , but switched over to the military channel . he desperately switch from one channel to another , calling again . bobby hello , Police , Army -- this be kuy - 9532 call mayday , mayday , we have be attack by , well , damn , we have be attack and need help . he release the talk button and listen for any response . then , just as he's about to switch channel again , a crisp military voice blare into the room , loud and clear . ( continued ) continued : 76 . military voice hello , kuy -- we have you loud and clear . this be sgt. alcort , U.S. Army intelligence . please state you position and status of casualty . over bobby's face light up in incredulous joy . brenda , too , show immense relief . bobby thank God ! hello , listen , they have kill two -- three of we , kidnap a baby -- we be in desperate need of protection -- uh , but I do not really know where we be . we be on Route 93 , about a day past corn Creek , but we get lose -- I think we be somewhere on one of you bomb range ... I guess . there's a moment pause . another moment . then . military voice the Ellis Range ? bobby uh , yeah , I guess so . we really do not know ... military voice hold on . the AIR goe to static , then dead . bobby look at brenda . brenda look at he . brenda somehow , he do not sound too happy when he hear where we be . before bobby can respond , the military voice come back . military voice we be check with staff as to procedure . we recommend you make some sort of signal , meanwhile ; do you have that capability ? bobby sure ! we will burn a tire -- make smoke , okay !? ( continued ) 77 . continued : ( 2 ) military voice very good . we will put search aircraft into the air and be back to too . stay on this channel . bobby right ! ten four ! bobby put down the mic , turn to brenda . bobby ( cont would ) do not touch it ! he race out of the trailer . 99 ext . outside the trailer -- day 99 bobby run to the station wagon . he rip OPEN the cover to the spare tire and discover that there be none . he immediately pull out the jack and begins jacking up the rear of the station wagon . jump CUT to he pulling off the tire of the rear left . from the crash it be nearly off the rim already , and flat . this leave the rear wheel rim still on the car , but the tire free . bobby roll the tire off a way and drop it on the sand . from the back of the station wagon he take a spare 5 gal . can of gas and pour it over the tire . 100 int . inside the trailer 100 CUT back to brenda . she' looking at the clock still on the table by the C /b. it read quarter past the hour . SOUND insert of doug : doug ( replay : 0.s. ) I will stay in touch with you every fifteen minute on the quarter hour . if I find out anything you should know , I will pass it right along . brenda look toward the door . no sign of bobby . she turn the channel selector to the one that doug specified for they - - 38 . instantly doug's voice come in , mid-sentence . doug ( on C / B ) Bobby , hello Bobby -- do you read I , over ? ( continued ) continued : abruptly , 78 . brenda Doug ! it 's I , Brenda ! Doug , the Army , we have get a hold of the Army ! doug ( on C / B ) what ? be they there !? brenda n- no , they do not know where to find we -- but they have tell we to make a signal -- Bobby 's out set a tire on fire , like you tell he . doug ( on C / B ) listen , Brenda , they be come . brenda they Army ? doug ( on C / B ) no . the savage . the one who have take we on . brenda ( instantly terrify . ) h-how many ? doug ( on C / B ) a lot . nine or ten . you will have to get out of there and hide -- you have get time - - can Mom travel ? brenda she 's dead . doug do you want I to come back ? brenda no. you get shanti . we will take care of this turkey . somehow in the way she say this , brenda impresses US as someone who can handle that turkey . maybe . 101 102 103 79 . ext . the desert -- day 101 CUT to PA PA , pluto and seven savage , trotting grimly , easily in the wavering heat . see telescopically , they look like phantom of death , hardly connected to the scald sand . ext . doug's position -- day 102 doug grab " the beast " by the side of the head and look right into the dog's eye . doug okay , killer , go get that bastard ! " the beast " instantly turn around and tear off in the direction taken by PA PA and he band . just as determinedly , doug head down toward the pulsating tent . ext . by the trailer -- day 103 bobby toss a match at the tire . it ignite with a big blue - orange whoosh of flame , then settle down to billowing black smoke . he turn to brenda . bobby how long do he say it would be before they get here ? brenda ten or fifteen minute , he guess . he 's send " the Beast " back ... she' staring at something on the car , her mind wandering . bobby respond to " the beast " be sent back . bobby Big deal . a lot of good that clown will do we -- hey , where you go ? brenda have rushed off , and now return with the roll of telephone wire ( note : this will be established early in the script , although now it be not . it will be part of a dump of army junk ) she tie one end of the wire loosely around the rear bumper of the car and quickly goe off , rolling out the wire as she goe off into the desert . bobby look after her as if she' gone crazy . 104 105 106 80 . ext . the desert -- day 104 CUT to the " beast " watching PA PA and pluto and the other running along a arroyo . CUT to a shot closer , of they running through the CUT . for a moment we don't know where " the beast " be -- but suddenly he charge from the cover of the bushes . he head straight for the one person wearing the pelt of the murdered german shepherd " beauty " -- pluto -- and slashes into the boy' legs . in a single powerful attack of the flashing teeth and powerful jaw and neck , pluto be crippled in one leg . just as suddenly , " the beast " be gone . the entire incident take less than four second . there be a hurried consultation . pluto be too proud to be ministered to . yet he's definitely slowed . nevertheless he hobble up and struggle after the rest of the men as fast as he can . CUT to a shot minute later . pluto be flagging , unable to keep up . he's cover with sweat , he leg be bloody , and he's winded . PA PA look back once at he , then turn back toward the direction of the trailer , not slowing . CUT to the " beast , " watching . waiting . ext . the desert -- day 105 in montage , doug infiltrate down through watch station into the very heaving heart of the savage ' camp , where the ceremonies still be in full heat . doug find one savage relieving himself in the bushes . he pick up a stone and attack . in one simple strike , he brain the man and have at he costume , a full eagle outfit , including a fierce looking full face mask . ext . / int . the camouflage tent -- day 106 mar prepare shanti for the sacrifice . he lay her down on a stone altar and place a gleaming slate knife next to her tender little body . the infant tries to touch the shiny knife . mar slap her hand away . he goe to the red tent . a hush fall over the throng when he doe this . it be as if he's violating some terrible taboo to touch the flap of the red tent . savage that for pa pa. ( continued ) 107 108 109 81 . continued : mar ( wheeling ) I pa pa , now . a loyal savage rush mar . mar lay the man down with a terrible swipe of he knife . all the other fall back . mar goe into the red tent . a terrible cry from ma ma hurtle out , then a big whuff , and we CUT inside . int . inside the red tent -- red light -- day 107 mar attack ma ma with a tremendously aggressive sexuality , and she struggle with demonic FURY against he , and yet , we have the feeling that this be ritual , too , and that mar be allowed the possibility of coming out of this with much greater status than he's have before , although at risk of he life if he fail . int . under the camouflage tent -- day 108 doug make he play , snatching shanti and stuffing her under he costume . but not fast enough . a savage sees he and give a shout , be on he , grabbing he about the throat . almost in the same second , someone strike the savage a powerful blow from behind and the powerful man roll off doug . doug turn to see the girl ruby , beaconing he to follow her . before anyone can react fully or comprehend what' go on , doug and ruby be out of the tent and running . a terrific shout goe up . mar stumble from the tent in a awful FURY . he hear what' happened , make a awful motion with he knife , and the entire tent empties after doug and ruby . the chase be on . ext . the desert -- day 109 " the beast " watch patiently as pluto waver and be left behind . the young man be bleeding badly , but more , " the beast " seem to have gotten he by a hamstring , for some sort of tendon hang out from he heel , and he foot seem useless . CUT to PA PA , stopping , looking back at the boy . suddenly the walkie - talkie he's holding snap into life . bobby ( C /b ) Doug -- the Army say they see my signal - - they be on they way -- ( continued ) 82 . continued : brenda ( C /b ) ( interrupt B / G ) that 's the wrong channel -- get off it bobby ( C / B ) wha -- oh ( snap ) the transmission be abruptly CUT PA pa' face turn into primeval rage . PA PA we get they first . he signal , turn from pluto , and they all disappear off into the desert toward the trailer . pluto watch they go without a expressional change . he tries to bind up he foot , and begins to struggle along again . pluto ( under breath ) fuckin ' devil dog . he hand come up . he smell the dog be scent . he turn round and sees " the beast " stalking out into the OPEN not fifty feet from he . pluto ( enraged ) you sonuvabitch ! you piece of shit ! I kill you buddy , I kill you ! I eat you heart , piss dog ! puke eater ! I strangle you with you own gut ! " the beast " lay down , head on the ground pointed like a torpedo at pluto , and give he tail a wag . it be as if he's giving pluto the finger . pluto lurch at the big dog . " the beast " get up lazily and move away . pluto stumble and fall . the dog stop , turn back to the young man and watch . pluto hobble away from the dog , now , loosing nerve , or perhap ignoring he , setting himself for the trailer . " the beast " move forward again , pausing at the spot where pluto have fallen . there's a SMALL puddle of blood . ( continued ) 110 141 83 . continued : ( 2 ) " the beast " smell it , lower he massive head and luxuriously lap up the blood , tasting , smacking he lip with he great tongue . pluto have stop and turned , see this . close on pluto' face . he swallows . he throws off the pelt of " beauty " and hobble off with even more exertion and sweat . he stop and look back . " the beast " have disappeared . ext . outside the trailer -- day 110 bobby lug he mother' corpse out of the trailer and stagger with her out into the desert . he face be ashen and set , he action fast and desperate . ext . the desert -- day 114 CUT to brenda in the desert . b/g perhap a thousand yard be the trailer . brenda have pulled the telephone wire all the way out here , and now be making a huge loop of it , much like a lasso , but very large , perhap twenty or thirty feet across . this loop be place in the sand at its farther arc , and cover . but along its side its loops low through the light brush , perhap six inches off the sand . the entire loop be locate at a natural funnel for the trail where all the footprint , both of savage and of doug and " the beast " run out toward the camp of the savage . bobby arrive over the crest with the corpse of there mother . he lower her down , collapsing in temporary exhaustion . brenda take the camp chair and sets it up in the CENTER of the loop . she turn to bobby , her face contorted . brenda it 's too awful . I can not . bobby it 's the only way . com 'on . together they lift there mother to the chair and sit her in it , so that the woman be staring blankly toward the trail ahead of her . bobby grab brenda . bobby stay here until you see they . I will fix the trailer . 112 113 114 84 . int . inside the trailer 112 bobby turn on all the gas burner on the camper stove . then he move to five butane tank he have bring into the trailer , the spare for the oven and stove . these also he turn on . he begins to cough . he quickly check all the window . we see he have tape they all shut . also the vent over the stove . the trailer be AIR tight . bobby stumble to the rear of the trailer , open a window and crawl out , taking the c/b with he , allowing only the cord to go through the window . bobby close the window , banging a notch for the cord with a rock . the window close tightly . ext . outside the trailer window -- day 113 bobby tries the C / B . bobby Doug , do you read I ? do you read I ! no answer . bobby carefully switch to the military channel . bobby hello , Army . where the hell be you guy ? surprisingly , bobby be instantly answered . army officer we be on we way , son ! hold on ! bobby ( desperate ) well how long , for God 's sake ! army officer just a little while . bobby swear and look up at the sky . brenda come tearing around the corner of the trailer . brenda they be come ! ext . the desert -- day 114 PA PA and all the savage round the bend of the trail and see ethel in the chair . they stop , spooked . they slowly advance toward the woman , who be perhap a hundre feet away . 115 116 117 85 . ext . by the car and trailer -- day 115 the c/b crackle and the army come on , just as bobby come round toward the car . army officer hello kuy -9532 . we be in you sector . we be await final instruction . bobby what kind of final order -- listen this bastard be come for we ! ext . a height -- day 116 CUT to the shocking sight of a army unit , stand near there helicopter , watching bobby and brenda through binoculars . there radio crackle and the officer respond . officer hello , Zeus , what be we order ? h.q. ( radio ) syncpak central computer say Red Light . no interference allow . do you read that ? no interference . officer Jesus . Roger , h.q. do we get out of here ? h.q. ( radio ) you be to remain and observe for full scenario report . the officer shrug . officer Roger . over and out . he turn back and train he binoculars on the trailer below . ext . the desert -- day 117 CUT to doug and ruby racing down a hill , doug carrying shanti . the chase be desperately unbalanced , and soon doug make a decision . he pass shanti to ruby and bid her go ahead . doug turn back toward he pursuer . within moment he be surrounded by men with knive . ( continued ) 118 119 120 86 . continued : a terrific fight ensues , for mar select to make doug he prize and warn the other away . to the surprise of all of US , doug beat the live shit out of mar , in the course of a two or three minute battle of shocking ferocity . the savage stare in disbelief . doug reach down , take the knive from mar' bloody hand and castrate the man . he lift the severe genital high above he head , then throws they at the circle of men . the savage back off , turn , and disappear into the desert . doug collapse . ruby run to he . ext . the desert -- day 118 CUT to PA PA and he strike group . the giant man refuse to approach the woman . he send another in . the man clearly doesn't want to do it , but PA PA clout he across the face and send he spinning in . the man approach the chair in terror . nothing happens . the man beam in primitive relief and wave to the other . they begin to move in . ext . by the car and trailer -- day 119 CUT to brenda working with desperate speed . she untie the end of the telephone line from the rear bumper of the car and give it three wrap instead around the rim of the rear wheel of the car , which still remains jacked up off the ground . she look at bobby , who' leaning into the driver seat , he hand on the ignition key . brenda start the bastard . bobby start cranking the engine as brenda scramble up the side of the trailer by the ladder there and stand up on the little observation deck up there . she strain her eye into the distance . ext . the desert -- day 120 CUT to the savage . they 're giving the corpse of ethel a literal heave ho . ( continued ) 121 122 123 124 87 . continued : they throw her into the bushes , then take turn sitting on the chair . soon they all be crowded around . except for PA PA . ext . the car and trailer -- day 124 brenda raise her arm and drop it suddenly . brenda now ! CUT to bobby putting the car in gear and gunning it . CUT to the rear wheel of the car as it blur into full speed reeling in telephone wire at a tremendous rate . ext . the desert -- day 122 CUT to the savage . the loop close with blinding speed , catch they all by the ankle and legs and jerking they off through the brush in one huge clump . spear and knive go flying as the scream men plough through a huge patch of cactus , over a hill , shoot up a flying cloud of dust and spare part . PA PA be left in stunned isolation . ext . the car and trailer -- day 123 bobby gun the motor one last time then cut it , just as he catch rocket into the clearing in a bleeding mess . bobby methodically run over and begins shoot they in the head , one shot per man . he dispatch six in that way , and brenda get three other with a baseball bat , swung with incredible strength . they finish just in time to see PA PA bear down on they about two hundre yard away . bobby and brenda make for the trailer . when they get to the door bobby open it very carefully and give brenda a look that say " this have to be do just right . " bobby hold you breath and do not breathe ! they go in . swerve pan to show PA PA one hundre yard away and close . int . inside the trailer 124 CUT of the gas burner all go , pan to bobby and brenda entering . bobby immediately usher brenda to the rear window and sees her out . ( continued ) 125 126 127 128 88 . continued : he motion for her to remain hidden by the trailer's side . then he take a big breath of fresh AIR and goe back inside . he run to the front door of the trailer and get down on he hand and knee . we see he have a strip of the abrasive material usually found on the side of kitchen match box already tape to the floor right by the bottom of the door . in two second bobby tape a match , the wooden kitchen kind , to the bottom of the door , head down , resting against the abrasive strip . bobby run back to the window . dive out . ext . outside the window of the trailer -- day 125 brenda slam the window . bobby wince at that , but nothing happens . they sneak away from the trailer , on a direct line away from PA pa' approach , keeping the trailer between they and he . within second they 're over the road and into the rock on the other side , all hunched over and ducking . ext . outside the trailer -- day 126 PA PA run up to the trailer and halt by the door . there's a crude quickly - penciled note scotch tape to the door . note " hold you ear , Turkey . " PA PA isn't about to read a note . he grab the door with both hand and give a tremendous yank . the trailer blows up with a tremendous BOWL of flame and debris , a huge cloud of dust and flame rolling into the AIR , growling and snapping . ext . across the road -- day 127 as the last piece of the trailer fall into the wood around they , brenda and bobby stand up from hiding and " give each other five . " ext . the desert -- day 128 as the SHOCK wave of the explosion roll across the desert it smack into the ear of pluto . he turn and look at the ball of FIRE and smoke already in the sky . then look back for " the beast . " he hear the animal everywhere , and keep he knife at the ready . something rustle in the BUSH to he left . pluto hobble over in rage , yowling in anger and pain . ( continued ) 129 89 . continued : he part the BUSH . a rabbit scramble out . the next second " the beast " slam into pluto from behind . the two roll into the wash . there's a moment when it look like pluto might have a chance , but the beast have he by the throat . two mighty shake , another , and the savage be dead . " the beast " settle back on he haunches and lets out a tremendous , pleased howl . then trots off for the trailer . ext . the hole where the trailer used to be -- day 129 doug and ruby and shanti walk in to the clearing , doug supported by ruby . there's just a smoking hole and twisted steel where the trailer used to be . brenda and bobby come from across the road , and " the beast " bound yipping and prancing from the scrub , and they all embrace and kiss and lick . then bobby sees ruby . bobby what 's that ? doug she save shanti . she 's one of we . and we be one of she . okay ? bobby okay . the army helicopter bear down on they from the steaming sky . it lower over they like a giant insect . the tremendous downdraft from its rotors send up a dust STORM that force all of our protagonist to cover there eye and look away .