the general' daughter initial writer : David himmelstein revision : Mark Montgomery base on a novel by Nelson demille February 24 , 1995 the general 's daughter fade in : a dark range of open ground border by black pine . stillness . the shrill of insect . thermal cloud flow overhead , underlit orange . heat lightning flicker . Thunder sound distantly . half -seen in the dark , a stand forn . the silhouette of a soldier . helmeted . unmove . against the night , . the shape of a hand , bound by rope . jag yellow electricity branch across the cloud . the soldier be feature illuminate . the face like a mask , no expression . a face of hard plastic . eyeless . a woman' face in deep shadow . stare upward in terror and sorrow . a tear glint , spilling slowly . her voice Father ... the sky boil in fury , cloud churn , as if in God 's answer . craze streak of lightning fracture the sky . her eye flare , reflect the flash sky . a shadow fall over they . the heaven rumble . ext . cid headquarters - fall church , virginia ~ night hot rain fall . at the light entrance , two burly mps stand sentry . above they , a legend read : United States Army criminal investigation Command burn ( v.0o . ) gentlemen , this be Major General Joseph Campbell , Commander of the Post at Fort hadley , Georgia ... int . screen - briefing room - cid hq - night Army footage . a general walk among he troops in the Saudi Arabian wasteland . Desert camouflage , two star on he cap , a huge man , big of bone and breadth , iron visage , intensity . burn ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) they call he smokin 's Joe . forty year of distinguished service . Three tour in ' nam . served in Central Command under General schwarzkopf ... Dust churn , miai tank charge down a sandhill . turreted gun hammer . mechanize terror . burn ( 0.s. ) the Gulf War . he storm Saddam 's Republican Guard with he armored division and help retake Kuwait City ... tower of black smoke spin . rubble . slain iraquis lie like black rag across the desert floor . then , a airport , a crowd cheer as the General move down the ramp of a boe 707 . burn ( 0.s. ) the General come home a hero . he 's recently accept a appointment to the National Security Council where he all receive he third star . he 's also consider a contender in the next presidential campaign ... a exterior shot of the White House . then a office within , a cadre of administrative and military leader gather with the President to effect strategic plan . burn ( 0.s. ) with the military drawdown , General Campbell 's election would be vital to we national defense . General burn sit in silhouette below a projector lens . the light in the room come up . burn , Commander of the cid , two star on each collar of he battle - dress green , gaze gravely along the length of a conference table . burn the directive from Washington be to clear the homicide at Fort hadley before the General leave command . several high -ranking officer and government official regard he solemnly . Colonel hellmann , director of Operations , hair shorn in a military mohawk , face chisle and seam , want to clarify the directive . hellmann when be change of command schedule , General ? burn consider hellmann significantly . burn in one week , Colonel . hellmann 's adjutant , Lt. Rogers , look up from she notation . hellmann try not to openly scowl . hellmann this may be a complex investigation , sir . burn and a volatile one , the General have be strike by a tragedy . we do not want to see it escalate into some kind of scandal that smear the Army or derail he future . tight containment and rapid closure be imperative ... what 's the situation at hadley ? hellmann restrain he opinion of the timeline . hellmann the crime scene have be secure by special agent in charge hawthorne , sir . I be assemble a team of we top homicide people for deployment . burn ( frown ) we have no homicide agent assign to Fort hadley , Colonel ? Lieutenant Rogers slide a computer printout over to hellmann . he scan it , see a name that make he unhappy . hellmann Chief warrant Officer brenner . he 's on loan to procurement and fraud ... hellmann look up from the print - out , he eye flint . hellmann he would be my last choice , sir . burn stand , expression ominous . burn you have the objective . I want the investigation open immediately . ext . dirt road - outskirt - midland , georgia - night headlights flare . a chevy pick - up truck bounce over a rutte track , exhaust rumbling . elkins ( v.o. ) ( deep South ) that 's she up ahead ... int . pick - up - night armory sergeant dalbert elkins , jittery and sweat , he face erode by hard time , have he eye rivete ahead . elkins ( cont 'd ) hq -- White americanist Movement . the driver , Chief warrant Officer Paul brenner , stare through the windshield . rugged , well - build , somewhere in he forty , at present he be gritty and unshaven , wear the same type of battle - dress fatigue and insignia as elkins . BRENNER look like they run a pretty tight budget , elkins . they take in the junked car and old harley frame rusting in the weed . ahead , a flood light burn from a squalid shack . elkins draw feverishly on a cigarette smoke to the filter . elkins Hell , this old boy put all they money in ordnance . they see what we get , I gar - a - tee , they will buy . ext . yard ~ shack - night brenner and elkins stand out of the truck , look to the porch where several dark shape lounge in the shadow . johnny ray how y’all , dalbert ? a backwood baritone . elkins squint nervously . elkins up to no good , son . heh , heh . johnny Ray saunter off the step . bald head , pirate 's beard . go about two -fifty . make of brick . a extreme individual . elkins johnny Ray , this here 's my partner armory sergeant White . we go way back . he 's good wood . brenner 's eye cut sharply to elkins . he look to johnny Ray who study he with keen intensity , he focus rest on he name tag . johnny ray Love that name . brenner manage a grin , note a set of prison - issue lightning bolt emblazon on johnny Ray 's forearm -- modify german ss declare allegiance to a Aryan brotherhood . BRENNER Nice bolt . johnny ray you like skin art ? BRENNER you bet . johnny Ray grin , turn . a short , stocky bruiser have appear behind he . deuce . shirtless , heavily muscle . bleary -ey . johnny ray sergeant White like skin art . deuce focus on brenner insolently . tattooe vividly across he chest , a rise eagle , a swastika clutch in its talon . deuce this here 's a vision for he . want to see more , I ’1ll drop my pants . low laughter from the porch . johnny Ray have a dangerous glint in he eye . johnny ray deuce be my road dawg . deuce , high -strung and violent , lunge suddenly , snarling , he tooth bare . he bark rabidly , snap at brenner . a eerie and dead - on imitation of a pit bull . more laughter . deuce growl warningly , glower . johnny Ray chuckle cavernously , observe brenner . johnny ray what ya will think , White ? BRENNER train he good . deuce woof , swagger over to brenner 's pick - up , all eye on he . he park himself before a front tire , back to they , rip open he pants . the drum of a forceful stream hit the sidewall ensue . he lift one leg . the porch crew rock in hilarity . brenner frown . johnny Ray wheeze , he frame shaking . johnny ray ever see a dawg do not like to piss on a tire ? deuce finish , grin drunkenly . he amble away , lean in the open trunk of a cadillac park beyond the light , lift a beer , pop it , raise it to brenner defiantly . brenner look at johnny Ray unsmilingly . johnny ray show we what you get . BRENNER dalbert . elkins hustle to the pick - up , drop the gate , snap back the tarp in the bed to expose a heavy bfvs machine gun , ammo feed belt looped through the breech . elkins combat-loaded seven-six - two coaxial machine gun . raps-off six - hundred armor-piercing round per minute ... get a hot two - dozen of ‘em . Desert Storm 's blow into Georgia , boy . johnny Ray stare , transfix . he reach for it . elkins that 's a vehicle - mount item , hoss . johnny Ray heave up the heavy rig , step away from the truck . he sweep the barrel over the yard , the bore swinging around on the two armory sergeant . both man step back , johnny Ray , grin , level the gun on brenner 's pick -up . he prepare to fire . there 's no trigger . he look up at the two armory sergeant accusingly . BRENNER gimme that . brenner cradle the weight of the gun , angle the sight onto the hazy shape of a coupe past the light , strike the manual - fire pad . the weapon rattles deafeningly , flame spitting , streak of hot blue tracer rip a line through the air . the sheet metal cave in , glass explode , chrome crumple , the trunk lid blow off , turn in the air . deuce 's mouth be open wide in a yell that be drown out by the gunfire . the fire suddenly cease , eject casing fly , blue smoke billow , deuce 's scream cut in . deuce ~- hoooweeee ! that 's some screamin’ shit , hog ! awed commentary rise from the porch . deuce blearily study brenner 's target . his slitted eye jump wide in recognition . deuce wait a fuckin’ minute ... that 's my ride ! his cadillac come into focus , blow to scrap-metal . brenner squint toward it , feign concern . BRENNER aww Jesus ... I be sorry . deuce he smoke my fuckin’ car ! brenner shrug helplessly . deuce advance for he , johnny Ray step in first . he tower over brenner . johnny ray who ‘'d you brang , dalbert ? elkins offer a rattle smile . the crew on the porch descend , expression malignant . brenner edge back . BRENNER okay . I have decide I do not like you attitude . Whole thing 's off . the pack of man start to move on he in unison . brenner put the gun on they , unused round visible in the belt . BRENNER let 's go , dalbert . elkins stare at he increduously . int . pick - up - night brenner blast the vehicle out of the yard , the ring of angry man fall behind in the rear window . elkins rip a hide - out semi-auto from he waistband , slam it on the dash . elkins man , what the fuck be wrong with you ? BRENNER you just blow a two -month operation , bonehead ! elkins fuck that noise ! they be ready to deal ! brenner face he , snarling . BRENNER they be on to we ! you introduce I as sergeant White ! elkins pause in confusion . BRENNER look at my name tag , elkins ! elkins look at brenner bdu blouse , the nametag , black letter on a white rectangle . it read '' wright . " elkins oh , shit . he stare at he mistake , chagrine . brenner , disgust , ram the truck up onto the dirt road . BRENNER they catch it immediately . it be downhill after that . ext . dirt road - night the truck roar , clay - dust trail as it recede on the road . elkins ( v.0 . ) damn . ext . trailer park - near fort hadley - dawn brenner 's truck roll up in front of a weather - fade sign that read : " whisper pine trailer Park " . he get out , wearily . ahead of he , a few run-down mobile home among row of vacant trailer pad . he walk up a path of rotted plank toward a batter airstream frame against a band of light to the East . 10 int . BRENNER 's trailer - night brenner switch on the light . it flicker weakly , revealing shabby green furniture , plaid carpet , mustard - color drape . he strip off he wet battle - dress blouse , toss it , move in through the dim clutter to the galley area where he take up a bottle of scotch , find a glass , pour a stiff one . in the live area , someone be seat in the shadow , motionless , watch he . brenner stand in the galley . without seem to look toward the live area , he find a second glass . BRENNER you havin 's one of this , hawthorne ? rodney hawthorne , special agent in charge of the cid unit at Fort hadley , lean forward . fifty , weathered , black -skin , hair dash with gray , eye jade . rumpled suit , tie undone . hawthorne can not sneak up on you anymore . brenner tilt the bottle , pour out another drink . BRENNER when could you ? he move into the live area , profer the glass to hawthorne . hawthorne take it . they regard one another . year of rocky history . friendship . BRENNER this a social visit , sir ? hawthorne drink he scotch , survey the trailer 's disorder . hawthorne nothin 's social about this place . BRENNER this be my front . brenner throw some clothes off the sofa , sit down . the two man drink , watch each other . 11 BRENNER knew a kid in infantry training who live in this trailer . summer of sixty - nine . have a beautiful wife . hawthorne watch he . BRENNER he give he all in ' nam . won some medal . come home , wife be go . she would divorced he , marry a draft - defer civilian . hawthorne ai not that a bitch . BRENNER what 's really a bitch , dumb bastard re-up . he 's still in the Army . hawthorne lift he glass to brenner . hawthorne and no smarter . here 's to he . they drink . hawthorne what 's you progress on the weapon operation ? BRENNER negligible . but then , so be the operation . hawthrone stare at he . hawthorne you get you twenty in . maybe it 's time you cashed out . brenner consider he drink , the muggy Georgia sky lighting up the trailer window . BRENNER where the hell would I go ? hawthorne shake he head , sadly . 12 hawthorne two year , brenner . that 's how long you have be miss in action . Fort belvoir be do , man . it 's time to move on . brenner become uneasy . it 's a sore subject . BRENNER that 's not why you come over at o- five-hundred , be it , sir ? hawthorne set he glass down . hawthorne there 's be a murder on the post . BRENNER who be the victim ? hawthorne the General 's daughter . brenner be still , jarre by the news . BRENNER General Joe Campbell ? hawthorne affirmative . Captain Ann Campbell be find on rifle Range six last night . strangle . possibly rape . the magnitude settles on brenner . hawthorne it 's a hard blow . she be the Golden girl of Fort hadley . BRENNER what 's the crime scene like ? hawthorne shake he head solemnly . bad. strange . hawthorne this case be gonna be big , brenner . Real big ... I get you in . BRENNER you what ? 13 hawthorne as of this moment , you be the lead investigator on a priority homicide . brenner regards he in disbelief . brenner 's face BRENNER you clear this with Falls Church ? hawthorne Colonel hellmann 's under the gun to get this solve . darken . BRENNER you know hellmann will not let I keep this . he 's get I on back - water assignment . he all send in a hand - pick team . hawthorne I just say I get you in . you will have to figure out how to stay in . brenner try to calculate the depth of what lie ahead . BRENNER case like this could be career - suicide . hawthorne unquestionably . want it or not ? BRENNER yeah , I want it . I need a comeback . it 's just that ... he look at hawthorne , he confidence flagging . hawthorne you will go up against the same thing you go up against last time . even worse . I can bring someone else in . BRENNER no . hawthorne stand , a large man , still powerful . he move past brenner , stand on the porch gaze out at the steaming pine . 14 hawthorne I be out of the Army next week . BRENNER be that you choice ? hawthorne I have give everything I have . there be not no more to give . he turn , look evenly at brenner . his life spend in service to something great than himself . BRENNER you always say , stand by the truth that come out of a investigation . never look the other way . and you never do . his eye convey he respect , and a apology for fall short . hawthorne that 's the job , brenner . do not ever let ‘em tell you different . they shake hand in farewell . hawthorne provost marshal 's waitin’ for you at the infantry training field . he will brief you . good luck . ext . infantry training area - fort hadley - dawn Major William Kent , provost marshal , spit-shine in he white helmet and white pistol belt , stand on the field watch with icy eye as brenner walk toward he from he pick~up . brenner , wear a blue tropical worst suit , snap a salute . they have a past , one of restrain animosity . the day hang heavy with humidity . BRENNER Major Kent . kent Mr. brenner . you nre look worse for the wear . 15 BRENNER thanks . you be still a marvel of preservation . be you bear or engineered ? Kent smile , he frame condition and as hard as he outlook . kent I be forge , wise - ass . by the U.S. Army . brenner nod . he know that . Kent look at brenner 's pick -up . kent you cid guy goin’ redneck ? BRENNER that 's my front . kent now that 's subterfuge . BRENNER you have be study the vocabulary in you reader 's digest . kent I hear you be here , so I want some ten-cent word ready ... I be surprised you be still in business . BRENNER so be I . how 's the baton ? spill any brain with it lately ? kent oh , sure . you know I . BRENNER yeah . so you will understand why I be not anxious to work with you again . kent same here . but it will not be for long . you will n not go the distance . brenner receive the prediction with steadiness . 16 BRENNER you can make book on it when you be off duty . in the meantime , this case be under my control , and you be here to serve the cid . Kent 's eye glitter with amused dislike . a boom reverberate from beyond the barrack , the post cannon announce reveille . a bugle call , float from remote loudspeaker . both man , condition by military custom , they eye on each other , raise they hand in salute . the bugle echoe in the hot stillness . ext . rifle range road ~ fort hadley - day Kent 's white Taurus stop in the middle of a road border by flat vista . Kent and brenner get out . they begin walk . kent crime scene 's lock down . the sac send some warrant officer who seem pretty useless , and I post mps . it 's virgin , nothing 's be touch . except she , of course . BRENNER you have inform General Campbell and he wife of she death ? Kent nod , a tic of emotion work at the line of he mouth . BRENNER I want to see the General as soon as possible . kent he take it hard , but I ' 1ll see what I can do , the control tower for the fire range rise ahead of they . kent it 's a nasty kill . I hope to God it be commit by a civilian . BRENNER who make positive identification ? 17 kent a sergeant St. John find the body . he be on guard duty with she last night . and I know she . BRENNER fill I in . kent she be a instructor , psychological Operations School . West Point . smart . good-look . stand tall . poster girl . put she name on all the duty roster to set a example . brenner hear possible invective , file it for later review . ahead of they , BRENNER be she armed last night ? kent she have she sidearm . a sand - color humvee park at the roadside . BRENNER why be sergeant St. John out here ? kent Captain Campbell leave headquarters to check the guard post and do not return . St. John get concerned and try to locate she . found she jeep park here . they approach the humvee . brenner peer beneath the vehicle , then touch the exhaust pipe . he move to the window , look inside , see a purse on the seat . BRENNER have you question the guard at the nearest post ? kent pfc robbin . she hear nothing , but see some headlight . brenner open the door , turn the purse over , sorting through the content . he lift a ring of key . - 18 BRENNER detain St. John and robbin . i'11 want to talk to they . they walk toward the fire control tower where a number of mps and vehicle be station . ext . rifle range six - day brenner and Kent move past the tower . the fire range come in view , a long expanse of open terrain , black and white lane marker recede to 500 hundred meter . the sun hover like a disc of fire . brenner shield he eye . a series of berm ahead . atop each , pop - up target simulate soldier with rifle . two mps stand at parade rest at a berm fifty meter ahead . they salute as brenner and Kent approach . brenner regards the target on the berm , its green plastic face stare eyelessly at the sun . he find it unsettle . BRENNER where be the warrant officer the sac send over ? Kent look to the mp 's , one male , one female , both young and pale under the shade of they helmet . male mp one of ‘em 's lose he breakfast in the bush , sir . they round the berm . brenner halt , look to the dirt ahead . bluebottle fly whip through the air . her white , naked flesh glare in the hard light . she lie stripped , on she back , she wrist and ankle bound to plastic tent peg . Captain Ann Campbell . she be no more than thirty . once quite lovely , now drain , vacant -- the triangle of she pubic hair , she mouth open , tongue and tooth expose , she eye roll back into she head . bitten deep into she neck , a green nylon cord , knotted tightly . brenner stare at the body , remind sharply and painfully of another death , another woman . he turn from the image , walk away a few pace , helpless anger fill he . he look down at she bra , filmy silk , lie cast in the weed near he foot . 19 kent I should mention , there 's a rape counselor assign to this case . Kent be behind he . BRENNER the victim do not need counseling , Major . she 's dead . Kent clear he throat . brenner turn . special agent Cynthia sunhill have arrive . she stare at the victim , silent outrage in she eye , then at brenner . late twenty , trim , attractive without vanity , feature shade by a edge , a resolve within . sunhill warrant Officer sunhill , Mr. brenner . I be call in from Fort Stewart to assist in this investigation . brenner assess she , register she correctness , she youth , and she spiky attitude . she promise to be a pain in the ass . BRENNER by whom ? sunhill by Colonel hellmann 's office . she return brenner 's examination with she own , she expression indicate unfavorable conclusion . BRENNER you be a grade one , Ms. sunhill . be hellmann short -hande ? sunhill 's eye glint stonily . sunhill he 's assemble he team from Falls Church . and for the record , when I hear you be here , I ask myself the same question . Kent utter a short , mock laugh . BRENNER do we know each other ? sunhill you reputation precede you . 20 BRENNER hope you be not here to fax report on my conduct . you would never get off the line . sunhill I be here because I have specialize training in sexual assault case . BRENNER this may not be a sexual assault . a investigator 's train not to form conclusion in advance . say so in the manual . she regards he thinly , she eye glitter . sunhill why do not we get on with it , Mr. brenner ? BRENNER you go first . the body be between they , they both kneel down . sunhill look at the victim 's naked skin , wither under the heat . sunhill rigor have commence . lividity in the thigh and buttock ... brenner watch she . BRENNER indicating death occur when ? sunhill Seven , eight hour ago . consistent with the report . she pause , then force she gaze to the neck , the cord bedd tightly into it . sunhill other than the ligature mark make by the rope , there be no apparent bruise , laceration or bite mark ... she glance at he . brenner be unimpress . her face darken and she look back to the body . she stare at the eye , take she thumb to a eyelid , hesitantly . 21 sunhill the corneas have cloud ... small , spotty hemorrhages in the lining of the lid . presumptive evidence of death by asphyxia . BRENNER what about the hand and nail ? fly snap past she face . press herself , she take one of Campbell 's stiffen hand in she own . sunhill there be no defensive mark ... no blood or dirt under the nail ... BRENNER go on . she lower she gaze to the abdominal region . sunhill there 's no evidence of semen around the thigh ... or the genital area . no outward sign of penetration ... brenner rise , pick up the bra , offer it to she . BRENNER and this ? sunhill no rip or tear . the clasp be not bent or break . BRENNER so far , there 's no support for sexual assault . in fact , there be no sign of a struggle . not on the victim and not in the immediate area . sunhill stand , keep she face even . sunhill you be say she disrobe of she own accord , have herself stake out and strangle ? BRENNER I be not say anything , yet . thank you , Ms. sunhill . 22 brenner crouch , stare into Captain Campbell 's vacant face for a long time . sunhill watch he , wonder whether she hate he or not . probably she do . Kent and the two mps stand sweat silently in the sun . brenner , eye fix , seem to make a resolution . he rise . BRENNER where do Captain Campbell reside , Major ? kent off post in midland . I have recommend you clear a civilian search warrant through Chief yardley . he 's a real stickler for jurisdiction . brenner ignore the advice , scan the range . BRENNER where 's she uniform and dogtag ? her boot ? pistol ? kent we do not find ‘em . BRENNER have anyone call in the forensic team from Fort gillem ? sunhill I do . BRENNER Major Kent , can you set up a grid search , exclude a area of fifty meter around the body ? have you people to collect anything that 's not part of the landscape . kent this a trash detail ? BRENNER it 's a Army detail -- by -the-book -- lot of extra work . you like that . Kent watch he , face blank , the light of hatred in he eye . 23 BRENNER I need Captain Campbell 's medical and personnel file seal and in you office by noon , Major . tape off she office , impound she humvee , and she private vehicle . get I a list of everyone who 's be here for disqualify footprint . and tell Public affair we be run a black - out on this . Kent nod curtly , move off . brenner look at sunhill and she see for the first time how haggard he be . BRENNER how you feel , Ms. sunhill ? sunhill you want the truth ? BRENNER hit I . sunhill I want to nail the motherfucker who do this to the wall . brenner be take off guard by the force of she language . he 's start to reassess she . BRENNER we have something in common . do you bring a car ? ext . victory highway - midland - near fort hadley - day a new , convertible mustang gt move rapidly down a wide street border by Georgia pine . int . mustang - day sunhill drive , dark glass on , eye on the road . brenner be be make notation , a folder on he lap . he stop write . sunhill stare he grin . she 24 BRENNER okay . I have get a theory . since we see no sign of a struggle , we have to consider the possibility Captain Campbell have a preplan rendezvous with a lover . I be talk bondage , Ms. sunhill . consent partner . sunhill that 's a typical male fantasy . she consent to be bound in the dirt like a animal ? BRENNER I do not know that the animal kingdom enter into it . ahead , heat in she eye . sunhill I do not think you know woman , Mr. brenner . I be reasonably sure you be not cohabitate with one . 's outspoken , smart , aggressive , and she really want to nail he . sunhill shake BRENNER I do once . but the cave get too cramped . she head to herself . sunhill thank you . you analogy help I understand who I will be deal with . BRENNER glad to be of assistance . pull into that driveway , please . she see a sign at gated drive : " Victory garden " . a complex of brick - fascade townhome . sunhill I think you be go by - the-book . BRENNER give or take a chapter . 25 ext . rear patio ~ campbell 's unit - victory garden - day they enter a fence area . potte plant , a barbecue , a chaise lounge . brenner press the buzzer at the kitchen door . sunhill this be illegal , Mr. brenner . you nre jeopardize the case , not to mention you career . brenner take out Campbell 's key ring , sort through the key . BRENNER my career 's be in jeopardy for some time , Ms. sunhill . the latch click , he swing open the door , peer into the dark inside . he turn to sunhill . BRENNER you armed ? sunhill yes . BRENNER back I up . he move inside . int . campbell 's kitchen - day dim light , blind draw . gleaming , sterile . brenner move to a door at the end of the kitchen , ease it open , look inside , close it . he silently swing a chair out from the table and prop it under the knob . sunhill move up , she automatic out . BRENNER basement . we ' will check it last . int . cambell 's bedroom / study - day simple and ordinary decor . a tightly - make bed . no frill , no sentiment . order . brenner stand at a open closet , the rack hang precisly with civilian clothes and uniform . BRENNER this place be sanitize . 26 sunhill replace she automatic in she purse . brenner stroll around the room , move into the bathroom , back out . walk to a alcove contain shelving with book . Studies the title . BRENNER the complete work of friedrich nietzsche ... remember this old favorite ? '' in revenge and love , woman be more barbarous than man . " sunhill stand at the dresser , examine a open jewelry box . sunhill spare I the misogyny , Mr. brenner . brenner shrug . he turn to the wall nearby , scan the frame plaque , award , commendation . BRENNER american Red Cross . Victory garden Safety Council . volunteer work at Children 's Hospital ... he look over at she . BRENNER she be perfect in every way . make in the USA . White - glove immaculate . sunhill be that a clue ? his gaze fall on a flat carry case on a shelf . BRENNER everything be a clue , sunhill . the lack of clue be a clue . he unzip the case , expose a notebook computer . sunhill I guess I have not progress to that level yet . sound Zen. BRENNER this lady have no private life . do that not strike you as odd ..? he consider she buttone - down aspect . BRENNER well , maybe not . 27 sunhill that 's very comic ... maybe she be what she be . a unimpeachable and dedicated officer . he remove the notebook computer from the case . BRENNER sorry , I do not buy it -- I want this . can you fit it in you handbag ? sunhill we enter illegally . you know any evidence we find will not be admissible . he cross to she , stand near and size up she handbag . BRENNER we admit it into we strategy -- that be great perfume . he hand she the computer . she regards he with vigilance . sunhill I do not wear perfume . BRENNER now I be really intrigue . sunhill you nre not exempt from harassment charge , brenner . she move to the door , expression stern . sunhill let 's go down to the basement . brenner 's eye light up . BRENNER but we have this great bedroom . brenner watch she stalk down the stair , enjoy himself . int . campbell 's basement - day a flourescent light burst on . the agent scan the basement : concrete , washer , dryer . Heating and air conditioning duct . 28 on the rear wall , a broom closet and a full - color recruiting poster , six - foot high . it feature Captain Campbell wear she battle dress uniform and full field gear . they move toward it . Campbell hold a radiotelephone , check she watch , she portrayal sexy , strong , gung -ho . the caption : '' synchronize you life . see you Army recruiter today . " BRENNER I see a subliminal sexual message here . sunhill Point to it . BRENNER well ... it 's subliminal . how can I point to it ? sunhill you mind run in very small circle . BRENNER it 's only a thread , sunhill . part of a vast fabric . she move away . brenner remain , gaze at the woman 's image , appreciate she beauty , and wonder who really live there . Campbell 's face loom larger , freeze forever in printer 's ink . sunhill ( 0.s. ) I think you better look at this . he turn . she have the broom closet door open , stare within . he move up next to she . Inside the closet , on a shelf above the broom and mop , a black camcorder . it rest on its base , turn to the rear of the closet , lens aim against the wall . brenner reach in , slide the camera back , revealing a gap in the plaster where the lens meet the wall . they exchange a look and brenner press in , peer at the gap . sunhill be something behind there ? BRENNER maybe . it 's dark . I can not see in . 29 heavy footstep shudder the ceiling . the agent whip around . sunhill wrestle she pistol free . the basement stair creak . a large man in a suit be descend . brenner nudge the closet door shut . the man stop short , he eye lighting on they . heavy face , pitte skin . built like a refrigerator . sunhill train she semi-auto on he . sunhill cid ..! identify yourself ! ignoring she weapon , he raise a police radio- phone , thumb it on , the line crackle . yardley Big cat ... where 's the detail I order to secure this townhouse over to goddamn Victory garden ? his face inflame , stare at the intruder , the phone hiss . dispatcher ( v.0 . ) they should be there , Chief . the floor shake overhead . two eager and oversize patrolman clamber down the stair , stop short . they see the agent , the gun , both grab at they holster . yardley growl at they . yardley leave it ..! goddamn g'rilla ... brenner glance at sunhill . he nod to she weapon . maybe it would be a good idea to put it away . she do . brenner one - hand he wallet , flash he badge . BRENNER Agents brenner and sunhill . from Fort hadley . we be investigate the homicide of Captain Campbell . yardley move into the basement , the patrolmen trail he . he stand across from the agent , clearly restrain a will to do harm . his voice be native Dixie and under hard duress . yardley I be notify . do you obtain a search warrant , Mr. brenner ? sunhill glance at brenner , shifting she handbag , the notebook computer buldge inside it . 30 BRENNER we be work on it . yardley breathes out a long sigh . his patrolmen take menace position behind he . -yardley I be very upset that you be here . sunhill , commanding and smart , step forward , sunhill Chief yardley , this be a priority investigation . it 's important we agency work in a combine effort on this . yardley gaze on she curiously . he shake he head , bemuse . yardley woman in the Army ... he gesture toward the poster of Captain Campbell . yardely look at that . she 's get sixty pound of field gear . how 's she gonna squat to pee ? the patrolmen chuckle appreciatively . sunhill 's face tighten in anger . brenner give she a sidelong glance . she should have know better . yardley come here , Wade . Wade , the larger of the patrolman , assume a serious , official demeanor , step next to the Chief . yardley it be you responsibility to seal this premise , be I correct ? WADE Chief , I have to get fuel . yardley shake he head . no excuse . Wade become morose . WADE yes , sir . it be . 31 yardley and you know we be family , and that I depend on you police - work . WADE yes , sir . yardley well , then , there 's nothing more for I to verbalize , be there ? Wade nod , swallow , close he eye . WADE no , sir . yardley throw a massive right . wham . Wade go down . hard . BRENNER Jesus ... the agent , stunne , gape at the fall patrolman . sunhill 's handbag slip from she arm , the computer in it clanking as it hit the floor . she look down at it , then to brenner who be stare at she warningly . yardley suck on he tear knuckle , seem not to have notice . yardley now ... Mr. brenner . let I explain somethin’ . I work on a cooperative basis with Fort hadley . but you get to get the proper clearance ... Wade groan , lurching to he hand and knee , mouth stream blood . without look at he , yardley lower a handkerchief into he reach . yardley ( cont ‘d ) above all , sir , you get to be sure you talk to I before you so much as step in a pile of dogshit that 's situate on civilian property . be I makin’ myself understand ? brenner look to the second patrolman who observe he fall partner neutrally . apparently , he 's see it before . sunhill casually recover she handbag . BRENNER if I give the wrong answer , do the other guy go down ? 32 yardley stand like a sullen rock . yardley Court order be standard procedure for a search , Mr. brenner . you file you document , and I will see that my cousin judge dupree expedite it . meantime , you be trespassin’ . brenner nod , reasonably . BRENNER well , that 's it . the Chief 's already mark this tree . sunhill we better go , then . they make they way toward the stair . Chief yardley 's face be set in hard line , watch they . yardley Mr. brenner ... brenner turn back to hin . yardley walk carefully in midland . int . sunhill' mustang - parking lot - victory garden - day sunhill pull out , still shake . brenner look over at she . BRENNER there 's something in that basement . sunhill he 's go to try and jam we on the warrant . BRENNER we be go around he . sunhill this case be doom . BRENNER the motto of the cid be -- " do what have to be do . " you can look it up in the manual . be all 33 she glare straight ahead . brenner scowl she smolder . the car weave . sunhill I ’1ll say this for you -- you live up to you billing . arrogant , inflate and careless . at she . BRENNER listen , sunhill -- I be at the rank where I get respect . I be in the middle of a shoot war when you be carry you lunch pail . I have spend three - quarter of you age in this outfit . sunhill ( acidly ) you be a lean , mean kill machine . death from the sky . be that it ? BRENNER that 's not bad . BRENNER let 's dust this computer for print , then get a tech on it . and do not make any plan tonight . we be go back to the townhouse . BRENNER watch the road . ext . MAIN boulevard - fort hadley - day a open post . civilian traffic and Army vehicle . sunhill 's mustang move along a street border by WWII - era whitewash bungalow set back on wide dry lawn . dixon ( v.0o . ) this unit have a hard disk failure , Mr. brenner ... 34 int . dixon's office - cid unit - day Campbell 's notebook computer be on , the screen display the error message . specialist dixon , a female agent , sit before it , tapping the keyboard . brenner and sunhill stand over she . dixon it may have be expose to heat or excessive vibration ... brenner convey a dire look to sunhill . BRENNER I want that file , dixon . they all stare at the screen dimly . dixon I will have to open the unit and run a internal check . it 's gonna take some time . BRENNER that 's something we do not have . specialist dixon nod , go to work . kent ( v.o. ) here 's the status : we get the grid search go and send the dog out ... int . provost marshal 's build ~ fort hadley - day brenner , sunhill and Major Kent move down the fade linoleum of the hallway , a succession of hard , tattooe kid in battle dress and mp armband snap off perfect , vertical salute . kent ( cont ’d ) nothing so far ... General Campbell 's adjutant will contact you regard a brief interview . and I have Captain Campbell 's file in my office , along with a lecture tape from psy - ops . BRENNER who be she CO at the school ? kent Colonel Moore . head -shrinker . and real strange . 35 BRENNER tell he we want to see he today . they walk through a busy office area , turn down another hall . kent check . last item : Colonel hellmann 's in from hq at seventeen-hundred hour to see the General . you be to meet he at the airfield . brenner look at he . Kent grin . he can hardly wait for the outcome . and sunhill shift she eye to he , meaningfully . a behead on the tarmac . brenner be angere . BRENNER probably another commendation . they stop at a door with a heavy glass window . Inside , a sad - look sergeant with a leathery face sit smoking at a table . kent sergeant St. john. private robbin be wait in another room . BRENNER do not happen to sign a confession , do he ? Kent , a old headbreaker , crack he knuckle , flash a grin . kent I could put on some sap glove and get you one . int . psy - ops lab - day a violent blur of fang and fur slam against the wire of its cage -- a rhesus monkey , shriek and yammer , its fang on prominent display . past it , a line of rattling cage occupy by craze primate raise a cacaphonous din . at a lab counter , a man in white , work on a computer among a clutter of electronic equipment . brenner and sunhill stand in the open doorway . BRENNER ( over the noise ) Colonel ? 36 Colonel Moore peer up at they , lip twisted . he turn a knob on a amplifier , a ultrasonic wave shudder , the racket from the cage instantly cease . a dozen monkey stare silently at he , red-ey with fear and hatred . Moore regards the agent . a short man . High , dome forehead . messianic eye behind smear glass . Lab coat well - spray with monkey piss . moore ultrasonic . they hate that . brenner and sunhill stare at the cage , then Moore , unsettle . moore the study of induce aggression for war application . BRENNER how do you induce the aggression ? moore I '' get excellent result with pharmaceutical cocaine . brenner look sidelong at sunhill . sunhill we be here regard the murder of Captain Campbell , sir . moore ( woodenly ) shock . I be in a state of profound distress . BRENNER do you have a close relationship with the decease , Colonel ? moore I consider she my protege . sunhill how would you describe she ? moore Skilled , intelligent , charismatic courageous , and utterly dedicated . BRENNER do she have any good quality ? 37 Moore 's eye become scalpel . the agent be BRENNER that be a joke , Colonel . moore this be hardly a appropriate time for levity . BRENNER sorry , sir , the leave side of my brain get the better of I ... be Captain Campbell see anybody ? date ? a boyfriend ? moore Captain Campbell consider man weak and contemptible . sunhill this be a personal view she share with you ? moore professionally . I be she therapist . give pause . brenner want some clarification . BRENNER you provide Captain Campbell with psychological counseling , Colonel ? Moore 's glass glint frostily , brenner 's implication evident . moore you be very quick , be n not you ? BRENNER we will need you transcript . moore there be no transcript . that be we arrangement . BRENNER that 's 's highly unusual , be not it ? moore the term " unusual " have no application in the frontier of psychology . 38 BRENNER well , we still use it out here in the frontier of homicide , Colonel . and we think it 's unusual that as she superior and she therapist you be not cooperate in this investigation . a rhesus shriek out , the agent jump . Moore , unfaze , stand before the cage . he and the monkey lock eye . moore you have stumble into the wrong door , Mr. brenner . when and if you stumble into the right one , the real investigation will begin . the animal shrink before Moore 's will . its black , primordial eye recording he : mortal enemy . BRENNER you be a very spooky man , Colonel . if you be withhold information relevant to this case , I will make sure you see a court martial . Moore look up from the cage , triumphant . man over beast . he move to the amplifier , rest he hand on the knob . moore I can not tell you how frighten I be . if I be a suspect , arrest I , and I '1i exercise my rights as such -- if not , then I be extremely busy . he cut the ultrasonic sound . the monkey , unleash , screech out , they angry clamor ricochete deafeningly off the tile . the agent , assault , retreat . Moore smile happily , bend to he computer . a high -decibel war shriek ring out joltingly , a blood-chill , pierce , primal scream demonic in its fury . it issue from a woman 's open mouth , she tooth flash , eye aflame . 39 captain ann campbell end the shriek , shockwave reverberate . her face instantly compose . she smile . campbell good morning ... int . lecture hall - psyop school she stand on a rostrum , immaculate in battle fatigue , gaze out over a audience of stunne soldier . campbell ( cont 'd ) today we discuss application for psycholgical warfare -- how we can use it to loosen the sphincter of oppose force ... tense laughter . Campbell smile again , assure , poise , sexy . campbell psychological warfare plant the poisonous seed of doubt . it pave the way for fear and panic . deep , paralyze , free-floating anxiety ... she stare out over the audience . campbell that same fear and panic , instill in a troop commander can cause even more havoc . we objective be to render leader useless . how ..? by know we enemy . exploit weakness . undermining strength . manipulate ... mindofuck ... campbell '’s image become grainier , play from a television screen . campbell ( v.0 . ) Excuse , I -- mind -fudge -- because we be on tape today ... audience laughter . her face in close -up . her eye hazardous . 40 BRENNER and sunhill sit in he darken office , stare at Campbell 's image on the screen . the screen blank , they be still , the vcr rewind . BRENNER that be a dangerous woman . sunhill I like she . brenner look over at she . she look back at he , unblink . ext . airfield - fort hadley - evening a eight - passenger c-21a dip down from the purple cloud and skim the runway , turbo-fan engine scream . Dust explode from its landing gear . brenner and sunhill stand at the edge of the tarmac , watch . BRENNER Der oberfuhrer have arrive . sunhill I have a feel this be where we part company . they hold a stare , hers confident , he calculate . the plane taxi toward they , heat shimmer off on the runway . BRENNER I would not rock the boat , sunhill . right now , it 's you and I , and we can solve this . it would doa lot for you career . know what 's gonna happen if hellmann put he team on ? bunch of male hotshot ? you will end up serve the coffee . she regards he uncertainly . he nod . something to think on . ext . c- 21a - runway - evening Colonel hellmann move down the ramp , bear a valise and a severe expression . his adjutant , Lt. Rogers , follow he . brenner and sunhill salute . hellmann ignore brenner , give sunhill a charming smile . 41 hellmann Ms. sunhill . I be glad you be able to transfer to this case . sunhill sir. he transfer he gaze to brenner , charm drain . hellmann I see that you have be debauch yourself . BRENNER it 's call lack of sleep , sir . hellmann I be go to remedy that . I intend to replace you . brenner subvert a urge to kill he . a staff car be pull up nearby . hellmann 's transport to the General 's house . the group start walk toward it . BRENNER yes , sir . but I do not think that would be wise . hellmann why would not it be wise ? they pass a line of dark and lethal ah - 64 Apache helicopter . BRENNER this be a very sensitive case , sir . and we finding so far say it 's gonna get a lot more sensitive . a team will step all over it . you need a low - profile , a delicate hand . hellmann delicacy be not a word that occur to I when I think of you , Mr. brenner . BRENNER that 's where Ms. sunhill come in , sir . my expertise , she finesse ... sunhill throw a stabbing look at brenner . 42 BRENNER this case get very tangle , Colonel . we nre already untying the knot . we can bring it home . in record time . hellmann be this a clumsy attempt to deceive I , Ms. sunhill ? they both look at she . sunhill we have some ... strong lead , sir . hellmann twelve hour into the investigation , I have expect nothing less . I be certain whatever lead you have will be put to good use by the income team , of which you will be a part . sunhill bleakly consider she part with the team . they arrive at the staff car . the driver salute . sunhill Sir , we expect a major break in the investigation by tonight . hellmann turn , he full attention on she . she 's in it now . hellmann a major break ? brenner 's eye urge she to plunge ahead . sunhill yes , sir . it 's ... go to blow this case wide open . hellmann stare measuredly at she . hellmann I be leave at o-six-hundred . you have till then to substantiate that . he pause before enter the car , turn to brenner . 43 hellmann if it go unsubstantiated , you , Mr. brenner , will answer to a board of inquiry , seven steely - eye officer who will eat you ass for lunch ... Long overdue , in my opinion . he close the door . the agent stand in the twilight watch the car drive away . BRENNER you be come around . sunhill we have maybe twelve hour . what if there be not anything behind that basement wall ? BRENNER then i’1ll have some company at the top of hellmann 's shit list . sunhill why be you on that list ? they begin toward she car . she stare insistently at he . BRENNER it 's under the bridge , sunhill . sunhill that 's not good enough . brenner keep walk . she grab he arm , halting he , eye intense , on he . sunhill you be a top agent a few year ago . what happen ? brenner frown , look out over the airfield , heat rise in the red twilight . BRENNER there be a case . a captain who be beat he wife up on a regular basis . I have enough for a arrest -- felony battery . she wait for more . brenner be not forthcoming . 44 sunhill that 's it ? BRENNER no . she tell I she be terrify he have end up kill she . but the captain have a outstanding record and some high - rank friend . it be strongly suggest I should act in the best interest of the Army and drop it . she surmise the rest from he grim profile . sunhill but you do not . BRENNER no. I do . and ten day later he beat she to death with he hand . he face she , he eye stark . a Army chopper ram overhead , light blink in the red sky . BRENNER there be a inquiry . same people who want the case drop turn around and help rake I over the coal . hellmann be one ‘em . but they be right about one thing -- I do not do my job . sunhill watch he somberly . BRENNER it come down to this -- the Army 's all I have . I do not want to risk it . so I go along , and she lose she life for it . I be only on this case because a old friend throw I a rope . he move for the car . sunhill I go all the way on this , brenner . can I count on you ? he turn , consider the question . BRENNER I do not know . 45 ext . captain campbell 's townhouse - night lightless window . Police tape . park in the shadow by the front door , a patrol car . two officer behind the windshield . ext . patio - townhouse - night sunhill watch he through the slat of the privacy fencing . behind she , brenner have a penlight train on the police lock barring the kitchen entry . he take out a screwdriver , start pry the lock on the slide glass door . int . basement - campbell 's townhouse - night the penlight glare . they stand before the open broom closet , the camcorder illuminate . brenner slide the camera off the shelf . he open it and they both look down at the film cassette still inside . he hand it to sunhill , use he penlight to probe the hole where the lens meet the wall . he duck out of the closet , search along the wall with he light . it hit Captain Campbell 's poster , she feature eerily illuminate . he run he light over the poster frame . BRENNER okay . he be stare at one side of the frame , slightly ajar from the wall . he take hold of it and the poster swing out on blind hinge . revealing a doorway . the agent gape inside , brenner 's penlight pierce the black . sunhill my god. int . hidden room - day brenner snap a light switch . the agent enter slowly , take the room in , astonished . the furnishings and color scheme be whorehouse - chic . over a four-poster bed , a huge , violent , acrylic depict a bull - like satyr and a nymph in the throes of thunder copulation . 46 sunhill I do not like where this be go . BRENNER welcome to the lower- depth . brenner move past a t.v. and vcr on a dresser , open the door on a antique wardrobe . a rack of specialty clothes . leather and red lace . spike heel , riding crop . BRENNER Jesus Christ ... nurse . dominatrix . lingerie Queen . sunhill pull out a drawer , she eye widen . neatly stow within , tool for erotic pleasure : oil , lubricant , manacle , device of rubber and metal , obsessively order , categorize . BRENNER this place be set - up for traffic . what be she do ? running a bordello right under the nose of the U.S. Army ? sunhiull be bewilder , and angere . she rip open the next drawer -- triple xx -video , alphabetize . haul out another , spilling a heap of crisply launder sheet and towel . she stare down at they , resentfully . sunhill it be not about sex . everything 's organize , clinical . it 's cold . why do she do it ? brenner see she conflict . BRENNER she have some problem . this be where they climb out . she look at he . BRENNER I no say this qualify as that major break , would not you ? ext . campbelln townhouse - night a bright flashlight beam pierce the night . a big silhouette move up behind it . Wade , yardley 's patrolman , mouth bruise . 47 he amble along the front of the townhouse , throw he light on the window and shrubbery . he turn at the building 's edge and begin toward the rear . int . basement - townhouse - night brenner be reflect in a wall - size mirror , hold a pen to the glass . he turn to sunhill . BRENNER this be two - way . she be roll home video . sunhill star who , brenner ? BRENNER my guess be , the armed force . let I have that cassette , brenner move next to she , turn on the tv and vcr . sunhill get uncomfortable . sunhill you be go to run that now ? BRENNER preview . reluctantly , she give the cassette to he . he slide it in . the screen blip on , a poorly - light recording cut in . two naked , heaving body engage in savage intercourse . the man , on the bottom , not clearly see . the woman , on top , stunningly identifiable . Captain Ann Campbell . full breast , hair tangle , riding she partner on the four poster bed like a banshee . the sequence cut out . another interlude jog in . the light bad , but not so bad that Campbell can not be identify again , receive the stroke of a lash hold by a different man , tall and lean and stand half - out of the len 's view . sunhill turn it off . ss 48 BRENNER wait a minute . this last guy look familiar . the action reverse as brenner rewind . he freeze the frame on the the man with the lash , shirtless , face in profile , he feature define into sudden , shocking clarity . sunhill ( jarre ) brenner ... she and brenner stare , dumbfounded . BRENNER Major Kent . ext . rear patio - townhouse - night Wade stand at the slide glass door , frown , he light on the jimmied latch . Beyond the patio fencing , a car start up . Wade stamp over to the gate , ramming through it . glare out at a mustang , light off , speed away across the lot . he jerk he police radio up , dash for the front of the unit . ext . reservation road - fort hadley - night the mustang shoot down a long empty strip of asphalt border by a black wall of tree . int . mustang ~ reservation road - night sunhill drive swiftly . light hit she rear view mirror . she stare into it . close in on she rear at high speed , a large rust - color vehicle . sunhill there 's a truck behind we . brenner turn around as the truck loom up in the back window . it ride they bumper , then pull out to pass , engine roaring . the agent look over to it as it come up even . a big , dent flatbe , two man in the cab , the driver huge , the passenger lean out he window , leer at they with a strange leather harness clamp to he face . 49 the truck pull ahead . chain to the back , a greasy pit bull lung against he chain and bark dementedly . the flatbe shoot up the road , exhaust rip the air , harness - face half out he window , he jubilant howl trail . sunhill swerve the car , jarre by the exhibition . sunhill good lord . who the hell be that ? brenner stare ahead grimly . he know who it be . sunhill brenner , that man have something on he face . BRENNER he 's wear a dog muzzle . sunhill what ? she look at he , perplex . BRENNER you have to have be there . the flatbe , far ahead , disappear around a bend in the road . ext . reservation road - further - night the mustang blow past a roadsign : " leave Fort hadley " . it sweep into the bend the flatbe vanish around . int . mustang - night sunhill crank around the turn , accelerate . as she do , the road ahead come into view , and they both gape at the wheeled farming implement that rush up in the headlight , a blade disk harrow pull broadside in they path . sunhill scream . brenner flinch . she jog the wheel right . ext . mustang - road - night the brake scorch , the car plow sideways toward the machinery in screen of tire smoke , narrowly avoid the blade , leave the road , cleave a wire fence , slamm through brush , right hand wheel drop into a drainage ditch . 50 the car skid aslant , metal shearing , spark fly , come at last to a grind halt under the tree . int . mustang - night the interior turn at a angle , the driver 's airbag inflate . sunhill slide out from behind it , tumble against brenner who be sling tight against he seatbelt . he look dazedly out he window , the bottom of the ditch a foot and half from he face . in the hot quiet , a backwood baritone float from the tree . voice ( 0.s. ) tear ‘em up ! clawe foot scrabble . something be bound through brush and move rapidly toward they . brenner and sunhill stare out the window , panic in they eye . sunhill brenner . the dog . sunhill lift herself off brenner . he struggle furiously to free himself as the sound of crack brush and pound paw close in . : brenner 's arm be pin by he weight . he try to wrench it loose . a malevolent rumble . they freeze . above they , in the dark at the top of the ditch , the pit bull , wedge-head , fang glisten . it scan they with a killer 's eye , shoulder and chest bunched with muscle . suneill brenner ... do something . the dog 's heavy jaw drop open , string of spittle suspending . BRENNER Nice doggy ... the animal leap in fly snarl . brenner wrest he service automatic from he shoulder holster . the gun crack , buck in he hand , the dog yelp , slain in mid-leap . it soar over they and thump solidly against the roof of the car . someone scream from the tree , a anguish , vengeful howl . a deeper voice be hear in reprimand . the door of a vehicle clunk close , a big engine fire . the flatbe pull away , the sound of it recede . 51 brenner and sunhill sag , drain . in a few moment , the sound of another vehicle be hear . they raise up , listen , as it swerve suddenly off the asphalt , bump slowly up through the weed , stop nearby . the door open , footstep crunch closer . brenner angle he pistol toward the top of the ditch . a pair of boot appear above they . Chief yardley squat down with a flashlight , exam the mustang 's roof . yardley damn , that 's a ugly dog . anybody hurt down there ? the light probe brenner 's face . BRENNER nope. dust chillin’ . yardley Mr. brenner , you and the lady be both very lucky . this could have be a serious accident . BRENNER we have a airbag . yardley who put this harrow out here in the road like this ? BRENNER Clem , the mad rutabaga farmer . a delirious laugh escape sunhill . yardley 's eye be slit . yardley I try to warn you about midland . folk hereabout be touchy . be there anything you might have do that offended someone ? BRENNER I be search my mind ... yardley we need a cohesive strategy here , Mr. brenner . a cooperative plan to achieve we mutual objective , which be findin’ the scum kill miss Campbell . 52 BRENNER I could not have say it better . yardley here 's my proposal . you give I what you get , I all give you what I have get . we will trade information . how 's that sound ? brenner start to tell he . a vehicle roar by on the highway at high speed . yardley jump up with he radio . yardley ( into radio ) back here ! back here , moron ! no reponse . yardley sprint away in the dark . brenner haul himself out of the window , kneel in the ditch to help sunhill through . she drag she purse out , they stand . yardley be a dark shape on the road , wave he arm , shouting into he radio , the flash red police light of the vehicle dwindling . BRENNER Chicken-fried-piece-of-shit . sunhill let 's get the hell out of here . BRENNER good idea . they climb out of the ditch , fade into the cover of the wood . ext . provost marshal 's build - fort hadley - day a row of identical white mp car . Major Kent , blouse already plaster with sweat , stand at the door of one of they . he turn to the sound of thumping exhaust . a pick - ~up glide up behind he . brenner lean out . the two man stare at one another . BRENNER hot . brenner shut he truck off , get out , saunter over . kent what 's on you mind , brenner ? 53 BRENNER think we would talk . kent talk about what ? BRENNER let 's talk about Captain Campbell . Kent assess he . brenner have something . kent all right . Captain Campbell : she be a inspiration to we all . BRENNER wholesome . clean of mind and limb . kent virtuous . godly . the angel of the armed force . BRENNER Sanctified . kent duty , honor and integrity . BRENNER and you be fuck she . Kent sigh , a long , tired exhalation . kent I be see she . BRENNER you be ' see 's she ? kent ( resign ) I be fuck she . BRENNER you be lash she with a whip . kent let 's do not get personal . he glower , uncover , grimly consider he option . 54 kent it be a fling ~- all right -- it be a full - blooded affair . Christ , she be twenty - nine , I be fifty - two . what man could have turn that down ? BRENNER this be not good , Major . kent I know . but I be not the only one . she be a whore , brenner . BRENNER give I some name . kent I do not stand in a line with they . brenner be ominously silent . brenner stare brenner shake kent all right . yardley . the Chief of Police ... I have nothing to do with she murder . BRENNER you be a prime suspect . where be you between o-twenty - two and o- twenty - four hundred hour that night ? kent Home in bed . BRENNER you wife can verify that ? kent ( bitterly ) no . she 's on a extend visit with she parent . at he . Kent struggle to hold in he temper . kent you nve get I wrong on this . I be not in the best of shape right now . one man to another , hold off for a while . I can help you find the real culprit . he head . 55 kent thirty year as a military policeman in this division , brenner ... I want to leave with something . BRENNER I be sorry , Major . Kent become deadly silent . brenner walk to he truck , get in , start it . he look at Kent as he roll by . Kent stand watch he , forbiddingly . ext . road - rifle range six - day brenner 's truck move past a mp checkpoint . it drive past a long row of car , van belong to the forensic team . ahead , sunhill , wait for he outside a rental car . brenner park , get out , move up to she . m - 16 gunfire crackle from nearby . sunhill we have a appointment with General Campbell at eighteen -hundre hour . BRENNER good , sunhill what do Kent give you ? BRENNER he 's come unwound . he deny any part in the kill , throw yardley at I . sunhill kent yardley . Moore . and how many other ? any one of they could have have a motive . they begin walk toward the fire control tower . Beyond it , the peak of the team 's canvas pavillion . sunhill I get the report to hellmann . over breakfast at the oc . he say he would review it , but I do not like the look in he eye . BRENNER maybe he croissant be stale . 56 sunhill regards he tensely . sunhill we be in trouble , brenner . even if he keep we . this case be not a straight line . it 's warpe . we will never solve it before the General leave command . BRENNER relax , sunhill . we have seven day . sunhill six . brenner frown . BRENNER who 's count ? ext . pavillion - range six - day brenner and sunhill move down a path of tarpaulin toward the berm where the huge , green , open-side pavillion be erect over the site of the murder . Forensic staff swarm the area , take cast of indentation , fire camera , scour stake - off quadrant on they hand and knee to collect evidence . Officer in charge Cal seiver approach they . a well - train neurotic , short and bald , wear a dusty bdu cap and forever piece together chaos . seiver the entire fuck world dance around the body , Mr. brenner . BRENNER agent sunhill , Chief warrant Officer seiver . seiver please to meet you , Ms. sunhill . BRENNER any non-military footprint ? seiver look at they shoe . seiver your and hers . I will need the shoe for disqualify . everything else be boot . forensics be not easy when everyone 's wear the same fuck thing . he take off he cap , mop sweat from he bald head . BRENNER New memo from the Pentagon , seiver . you be not short and bald . you be a vertically challenge man of scalp . seiver look at sunhill . seiver you have to work with this guy ? I extend my sympathy . sunhill gratefully accept ... do you find any indication of a sexual assault , Mr. seiver ? seiver we run some test . pathologist will have the final word , but my take on it be , she be not rape . brenner give sunhill a meaningful glance . BRENNER what else do you have at this point ? seiver we dust for latent print , vacuume for trace evidence , analyze for tool mark , and run some seriology test . to answer you question , we have shit at this point . brenner glance at he watch . BRENNER all right . we requisition a empty hangar over at jordon field . you can set up you lab and office there . seiver fuckin 's spectacular . 58 BRENNER all report and inquiry go to I , seal and confidential . instruct you people not to talk to anyone , particularly the provost marshal . seiver nod , register the implication here . seiver how have you pull this case , brenner ? BRENNER Dumb luck . int . - BRENNER 's truck - road - fort hadley ~ evening brenner drive , sunhill jot in she notebook , evergreen blur . BRENNER okay . no sign of struggle , no sign of rape . consensual . orchestrate . ritualistic ... what 's that suggest ? sunhill a sacrifice . he turn to she , strike by the revelation . BRENNER a sacrifice ... that 's dead - on . but to what ? sunhill and by whom ? we killer 's hide in a suspect list that 's start to read like the phone book . BRENNER we will have to flush he out . sunhill how ? BRENNER we throw out the rule . sunhill oh , God . brenner loosen he tie . 59 BRENNER have a homicide suspect once . I know he do it . he know he do it . but we have no physical evidence . he be carry this terrible secret around . go to the post chapel every Sunday . sunhill I know -- you plant the evidence . he give she a narrow look . BRENNER I capitalize on he sense of guilt . get a confession . sunhill how do you get a confession ? BRENNER in the confessional ... I sit in for the chaplain . sunhill you have get to be kid . BRENNER the man bare he soul to I . I get everything . then I hold my badge up to the grill . he be expect hail mary ... it would have be throw out in court , but after that , how could he deny it ? so he sign the real thing . sunhill that 's reprehensible . BRENNER of course it be . so be the crime . I just levele the play field . and that 's my point . that 's how we get this guy . sunhill eye , he , envision the end of she career . brenner slow the truck . ahead , a drive shade by magnolias , a wooden marker read : '' residence of General Joseph Campbell " . they turn up the drive . come into view , a antebellum relic of the Old South . White column , white iron balustrade , sun decline behind the roofline . — _ 60 ext . porch - general ‘s residence - evening they stand on the porch . brenner chime the bell . sunhill I be nervous as hell . BRENNER let I do the talk . sunhill that 's what I be nervous about . the door open . a young lieutenant appear . handsome , broad - shoulder . his name tag read : '' elby " . BRENNER warrant officer brenner and sunhill to see General Campbell . elby I be the General 's adjutant . Chief of staff Colonel fowler wish to speak with you beforehand . int . general 's residence - evening the agent follow elby to a wait room . he depart . they remain stand , tense , eyeing the period - style furnishings . in the doorway , Colonel fowler , in dress - green with colonel 's eagle and insignia of the General staff . impose and case - harden , a well - use weapon of a man . he move in , he name tag introduce he . brenner and sunhill salute . fowler please be seat . they take seat . fowler sit across from they . he examine they sternly , he eye recording every detail , the slash of a old battle scar angle from ear to jawline . fowler forgive the recon . I want to see who be come into the General 's house . it 's ingrain , singling out friend from enemy . his gaze meet brenner 's . 61 BRENNER hope you be not go to radio in the rocket , sir . fowler why ? can not you duck a income ? BRENNER with a day 's advance notice . fowler sit back , consider he . fowler hundre and ninety - fourth battalion . bantangan Peninsula . lz dotty . you receive a bronze star for carry a wounded soldier out of a minefield ... sunhill look at brenner . he be stare at fowler . fowler apparently , you capitalize on you weak knee , Mr. brenner -- airborne School , Ranger School . two decade in the cid . commendation . Award for valor . a candidate for master grade five ... and then you fall off the map ... fowler 's eye veer to sunhill . fowler agent sunhill ... Masters degree in psychology . Advanced training , FBI Academy . Three year as a enlist criminal investigator specialize in rape crime . solid performance , rapid advancement . experience with homocide -- limited . he pause , both agent watch he warily . fowler I have open you file . it 's crucial we have the best qualified people on this . so I will be blunt . be that who you be ? BRENNER Sir , do you want great review or do you want result ? a savage wrath 62 fowler my requirement be straightforward , Mr. brenner -- someone have violate the very core of this division , and I want he find . ice he eye . brenner meet they . BRENNER we be go to have a arrest before the General leave command , Colonel . brenner glance at sunhill . fowler elaborate . sunhill Sir , how well do you know Captain Campbell ? fowler well enough to deliver a eulogy when she family bury she . sunhill do she have a good relationship with she father , Colonel ? fowler consider he word . fowler General Campbell be a extraordinary soldier , Ms. sunhill . his daughter be strung with the same steel . she be in awe of he , drive to live up to he example . sunhill the fact of the matter be , Colonel , she be out of control . fowler stare at she unblinkingly . fowler yes . she be endangering she career as a officer . sunhill and the General 's . 63 fowler and the General 's . everyone be silent . BRENNER you have the floor , sir . fowler Captain Campbell be headstrong and willful . her conduct off-duty have become intolerable . I conduct a surveillance of she activity at the General 's request . it confirm the worst . she be consort with many man . BRENNER be you aware they include provost marshal Major Kent ? the Chief of staff regards he gravely . fowler Major Kent 's discharge be pend . BRENNER I have like to request that file , sir . fowler Major Kent have serve this division with extreme loyalty . I do not believe he commit this crime , and I would be reluctant to release they . BRENNER if that be the case , sir , I have have to subpeona they . fowler you may well , Mr. brenner . I think you perpetrator be outside the military . 1’11 stand by my man until the evidence tell I otherwise . brenner nod , he admire the attitude . fowler smile , warmth cut through he harsh exterior . fowler this case seem to be in competent hand . whatever else you need , let I know . I x11 do what I can . 64 BRENNER thank you , sir . fowler rise . the agent rise . fowler we will see the General now . no need to salute , quick condolence . keep it short . int . general 's den - day the agent enter . a dim chamber of polished wood and leather , the drape draw . a desk lamp glow from the dark . behind the desk , a large man in shadow . fowler warrant officer brenner and sunhill , General . Major General Joe Campbell walk forward , wear battle - dress and a chest - full of medal . his face be craggy , he hand huge as he extend it out . BRENNER we deep condolence , sir . general campbell thank you . please be seat . Voice melancholy , eye glaze with grief . he nod to fowler who leave silently . they all take chair . general campbell Colonel fowler and I have serve in the Army together for forty - three year . we be boy in Korea , man in viet nam , elder in the Gulf . I suppose as war become a antiquated notion , so do we . his smile be pain . brenner and sunhill smile back politely . Campbell look like a fierce Scottish clan chief , a broadsword wielder . his smile leave he . campbell what 's the objective of this meeting ? 65 BRENNER Sir , to collect information that will lead to a swift arrest . campbell then you have my full cooperation . he gaze on sunhill . it be evident that he see in she youth and attractiveness he own daughter . sunhill Sir , do you see you daughter often ? campbell not infrequently . we be to have breakfast the morning after she be ... she never show , of course . he stare hollowly into she absence . sunhill what be the nature of that meeting , sir ? the General reflect , sadly rueful . campbell frankly , my daughter require a bit of a dress down . she be give to obstinate behavior on occasion . I have give she a ultimatum . Change she way or incur paternal hellfire . he smile at she , brokenly . campbell perhaps you have experience that sort of episode yourself . the question triggers a tight reaction . sunhill yes , sir . my father be a command sergeant and a disciplinarian of the high order . brenner see animosity flicker in she eye . the General gaze away from she . campbell well ... she 's go to we now . 66 he sit without move or speak . stare . a long silence pass . on the desk behind he , a decanter of liquor , nearly empty , a half - fill glass . BRENNER I have to ask this , sir : where be you on the night of she death ? Campbell stir himself . campbell at my office at hq . I be work late with Colonel fowler . BRENNER what time do you leave , sir ? campbell at about twenty - three -hundre hour . BRENNER General , do you have have any contact whatever with you daughter on that night ? Campbell 's eye turn cloud , desconsolate . campbell no. the General slowly rise . they rise . this session be over . BRENNER Sir , be there anything we can do for you ? he look down on brenner darkly , he voice very low . general campbell find the son of a bitch who kill she . ext . general campbell 's residence - evening Lieutenant elby close the door behind the agent . they step off the porch , move toward brenner 's truck . sunhill maybe he 's the son of a bitch . 67 BRENNER what 's wrong with you ? you see the way she be kill . the General be clearly shattered by this . sunhill he 's still accept he appointment to the Council . he have not say he 's out of the next presidential race . BRENNER this father - daughter thing 's really hit a nerve , be not it ? his word elicit a wither look . sunhill it 's obvious Captain Campbell be repress by this man she whole life . he push she down and she be go all out against it . that 's the reason she be kill . brenner stare at she . they stop at the truck . BRENNER do not let you personal biase get in the way , sunhill . you will start force the piece to make ‘em fit . sunhill my personal biase ? this be a man 's club . I be the woman , brenner . it 's call objectivity . BRENNER better come up with more than that . she look at he meaningfully . sunhill I will . int . gym - fort hadley - day the slam of glove against a heavy bag . sunhill be throw a swift , solid series of combination into the canvas , she gym clothes sweat through . she huff out , she blow aggressive , she tooth clench in anger . 68 brenner , in a nicely tailore gray suit , stand in the doorway beyond , watch she . sunhill turn , she strip off she pick up a BRENNER anybody I know ? breathe hard . sunhill chance be good . she glove . she look like she have not sleep . sunhill I go through she file last night . all of they . exemplary history . until you go back to the beginning ... towel , brenner watch she . sunhill West Point . evaluation on admission be good . but third year evaluation plunge . apparently , she fall apart . BRENNER fell apart ? sunhill grade , attitude . she have a series of consultation with a Army dector name Zaccardo . the record be miss , but he conclusion 's on the evaluation -- stress syndrome . BRENNER and you do not buy it ? sunhill I think there 's something else here . this woman be act out she anger , rage . maybe there be a incident , some kind of traumatic event . it 's worth tracking down . brenner consider it . her eye be on he , intense , full of conviction . sunhill I understand she , brenner . I know who she be , 69 int . hangar - jordan field - day seiver 's forensic operation be install within the cavernous space , arched girder soar high overhead , the commotion of he staff echoing . sunhill and brenner move past Captain Campbell 's humvee , wall of bulletin board , photo , map , diagram , computer , phone , vast table of bag and tag evidence . they enter the lab section . seiver stand before three coffee urn , irritably try to get half a cup fill . seiver you want I to go without sleep , get I some fuckin’ caffeine . BRENNER get I some result , I x11 buy you a expresso machine . seiver start shopping . item one : Captain Campbell 's clothes and dogtag be recover at Range six . they be find in a plastic trash bag on the roof of a latrine . they walk to another section of the lab . corkboard partition display a detailed diagram of the range , bristle with multi - color pinhead designate print . a table hold dozen of numbered plaster casting of impression . seiver item two : lot of track . we match up the one we think be pertinent and feed everything into the computer . seiver stand at a computer monitor , hammer some key , bring up a graphic image . footprint . they step across the screen in a describe pattern , as if a invisible be be leave tread mark in its wake . seiver ( cont 'd ) that give we the print sequence for individual track . we analyze the one close to the body ... the screen bring up a three - dimensional image , two bootprint create with netted contour line , one overlay the other . 70 seiver this be sergeant St. John 's boot and the print it overlay be Major Kent 's boot . indicating Kent arrive on the scene before St. John 's discovery . BRENNER be that positive ? seiver I be surmise . we have two military bootprint of the same make and same tread depth , make within hour of each other . if you want positive , I 'il send the photo and cast to a expert . BRENNER I want positive . get it on a plane . seiver right . I have two set of bootprint here that have not be id would yet . brenner canvass the area . he see a junior agent struggle with a stack of report . he whistle shrilly , wave he over . junior agent sirt BRENNER we need some boot for the lab . the Post Commander 's . the Chief of staff 's . Colonel Moore at psy -op . junior agent yes , sir ... General Campbell , sir ? and Colonel fowler ? BRENNER go ! the agent lurch off . brenner be charge , look at sunhill . they be get close . ext . BRENNER 's office - cid unit - day the phone be ringing . brenner and sunhill enter , he lift the handset . 71 BRENNER brenner . hellmann ( v.o. ) Colonel hellmann . brenner grimace , look at sunhill . BRENNER we be almost there , sir . int . c- 21a - in transit - day hellmann be in a seat with the air-phone , cloud pile past the window , turbo-fan dron . hellmann " almost " be a subjective term , Mr. brenner . the brass have review you report . they do not like the implication , and they be get nervous about leak to the press . BRENNER ( v.o. ) what do that mean , sir ? hellmann sit next to Lt. Rogers who look up from she laptop screen . behind they , occupy the seat of the rear cabin , five keen - eye man in suit , cid veteran , all male , all ego . hellmann it mean that as of this moment you be off the case . you will give you file to the income team , due to arrive in two hour . int . BRENNER ‘s office - cid unit - day brenner grip the phone , the wind knock out of he . sunhill watch he with rise apprehension . BRENNER Colonel , we can give you a arrest in a matter of hour . hellmann ( v.0o . ) we have a major scandal here . this have to be handle with surgical precision . I can not risk you track record . 72 BRENNER my track record ? I lay down for the Army , Colonel . we both know it . hellmann ( v.0 . ) it 's a close issue , Mr. brenner . brenner 's expression harden . BRENNER yes , sir . but let 's keep it clear . you nre send in a team of public - relation specialist , not a team of investigator . the line ring off . brenner stand with the phone . he yank hard , rip the line from the wall , throw the phone across the office . it bang into a wall heater . BRENNER he cut we ! sunhill bastard ! specialist dixon appear in the door , flushed with excitement . she look at the phone , look from sunhill to brenner , they eye craze . dixon Mr. brenner ..? we have recover the hardware . BRENNER and ? dixon it 's a bombshell . int . dixon's office - day brenner and sunhill lean over specialist dixon , the light screen of Campbell 's 's notebook computer before she . BRENNER okay , dixon . detonate . dixon scroll column fill with print . 73 dixon we find she calendar . name , date and notation regard sexual act . BRENNER which name ? dixon this be extremely embarrassing , sir . we have a number of reference here . the individual we be certain about be provost marshal Major Kent and Chief of Police yardley in midland . BRENNER uh huh . dixon and Colonel Moore at psy -op , and the General 's adjutant , Lieutenant elby . BRENNER Colonel Moore ? and elby ? brenner look at sunhill . bang . sunhill ( jarre ) what do the notation say ? dixon they nre pornographic , Ms. sunhill . BRENNER read Major Kent 's . dixon out loud ? BRENNER if you will . dixon uncomfortably clear she throat . dixon " another sweaty fuck -session with Bill . tied I to the bed , use the whip ... multiple orgasm . make he eat I . I put the silly pig mask on he face . enormous erection ... " dixon scroll , dixon stop . he glance at ext . hallway - the two agent 74 BRENNER ah-ha . one of that . skip to the last entry . apply herself . dixon it 's Major Kent again ... " Bill behave like a love-sick jerk . jealous , possessive , violent . want to run away with I . I laugh . struck I , tie I up , rape I on the floor . think he 's go off the deep end . '' she 's a little overheate . dixon that 's where it end , sir . sunhill . it 's look very grim for Major Kent . BRENNER what date be that enter under ? dixon August eight . BRENNER that thing have a clock , do not it ? something that automatically record date and time for entry ? dixon it crash . BRENNER see if you can un - crash it . cid unit - day move toward the exit . sunhill we have the arrest , brenner -- he bootprint , the computer entry . it hang he . 75 BRENNER we do not have the arrest , sunhill . we be officially sideline . the glory boy be on they way , with hellmann lead the charge . sunhill and you be just gonna let it happen ? I think you be the one who throw out the rule - book ? ext . parking lot - cid unit - day they burst out through the door , temper rag , move across the hot asphalt . BRENNER you be a real ballbuster , sunhill . sunhtll that 's right , brenner . I be not get replace by a team of stooge who think they can sweep this under the rug . brenner find he key , rip open the door of the truck . she stop behind hin . he stop where he jump in . he start it , the asphalt . sunhill we say we be go all the way with it . so get you ass off the sideline , make a fuck end -run ! he be , turn , eye savage . BRENNER you want a end run ?! sunhill that 's right ! BRENNER get in the truck ! sunhill race around to she door , clamber in as exhaust rapping . the truck blast away , smoking 76 ext . motor pool ~ fort hadley - day Colonel fowler , in battle dress , stride along a row of sand - color abram tank , howitzer , Bradley fight vehicle , * massive engine of war mothball in the military drawdown . ahead , brenner stand with sunhill , wait at the motor pool gate . they salute . fowler stop before they , torso and arm fill out he shirt , eye razor-edged . BRENNER we have we man , sir . fowler name he . BRENNER Major Kent . fowler assimilate the information grimly . Beyond , a private dutifully scrubbing out the chamber of a tank . fowler you say this understanding what my position be ? BRENNER yes , sir . you need to reconsider you position . fowler why be we have this discussion , Mr. brenner ? BRENNER you say if there be anything you could do , let you know . there be . fowler what ? BRENNER keep I on this case . fowler consider he wordlessly . 77 int . provost marshal ‘s build - night brenner and sunhill enter the doorway of the provost marshal 's office , a pair of mps in tow . cabinet , a wall of plaque and award , he desk , the chair behind it empty . sunhill he bolt . BRENNER Major Kent 's a officer in the Army . he do not bolt . the phone on the desk jangle . brenner grab the receiver . BRENNER brenner . mp sergeant ( v.o. ) Major Kent 's on the line , sir . brenner nod to sunhill , hold the phone . Kent come on . kent ( v.0o . ) I hear you be ready to close down , brenner . BRENNER where be you , Major ? kent ( v.0 . ) at the old infantry training field . I be just kind of walk around out here . I want to talk soldier - to - soldier , brenner . I would really like that courtesy . the line click off . ext . infantry training field - night summer thunder roll distantly . brenner 's pick - up pull up at the edge of the field . the headlight remain on . brenner and sunhill get out either door , look across the grass . the throw of the light graze a tall figure in a white helmet stand out in the middle of the field . BRENNER do not wanna spook he . hang back . 78 brenner stare out at Kent uneasily . BRENNER unless he try to kill I . then do not hang back . brenner begin walk out . ext . field ~ further - night Kent watch brenner approach , he face even , stance relaxed . he put a hand out , motion for he to halt . kent that 's far enough . brenner stop about forty yard from he . kent you armed ? BRENNER I be . kent with what ? BRENNER with my weapon , Major . kent let I see it . brenner sigh . he snap open he jacket , expose the butt of a semi auto in a shoulder holster . kent sig - sauer mll . brenner study he . Kent 's own sidearm be still buttone in he holster . 79 kent I stand by my beretta m - 9 . it 's the most accurate piece I have shot . it 's ergonomic , friendly double - action , sa let -off be smooth , the sight be nicely proportion ... regulation be dead on ... Kent eye be on he , glassy , distant . kent it will absorb the recoil of a hot NATO - spec load with total poise . brenner sweat , watch he . the man be over the edge . the thrum of cricket fill the humid night . BRENNER that 's really great , Major ... not many weapon can do that . he step closer . kent just stand there , please ... I have a few more thing to say . his face be hollow and pale . kent I have be privileged to serve ina great cause . the Army have give my life purpose . I have love it , fight for it , ble ... now I have dishonor it ... I be resign my commission , brenner . brenner feel a rag surge of pity . BRENNER you ’‘re do the right thing , Major . kent do not patronize I . you do not meet the standard . Kent 's eye glare white in the headlight . BRENNER easy , Major ... easy . just tell I what happen that night . 80 kent you tell I . BRENNER you meet she on the range . it be she idea of a thrill . you have do it before . but this time you lose it . it 's understandable , Major . she be dump you . the tent cord end up in you hand . by the time you realize it be around she neck ... Kent shake he head , he face break out with bead of sweat . kent negative . BRENNER come in with I , Major . just unhook the sidearm . we will make this easy . Kent grin , eye ignite . brenner wearily frees he pistol , start toward he . BRENNER we be not go hand - to-hand , Major . kent before you walk any further , you should know where you be stand . BRENNER where be I stand ? kent in a minefield . brenner frown . Kent crack he knuckle , face anticipatory . kent I bury some bounce betty . anti - personnel . you buy that ? BRENNER come on , Major . kent then you think I be bluff . 81 brenner see elation fill Kent 's eye . he involuntarily scan the dark grass around he . it be unmow and thick enough for conceal dig earth . kent remember how the Betty work ? first man trip the primary . mine shoot up . Rest of the column walk into the blast . they head be remove . or limb . whatever . brenner start to move for Kent . then he see , just past the reach of he headlight , the upright shaft of what could be a shovel jamme in the earth . kent come and get I , brenner . i'11 wait right here . brenner stare at Kent , try to read he . there 's a chance the provost marshal be crazy enough to have plant something dangerous in the grass . at the pick - up sunhill be watch , adrenalin charge , unsure of what Kent be say . she have she gun in she hand . in the field brenner stand motionless , glance back to she , then at Kent . kent you could turn around . walk out the way you come in . but if I be bluff , you be gonna look like a coward in front of you partner . he stand easily , savore brenner 's indecision , the fear that be beginning to take root . brenner begin walk toward he , he shoe crush into the grass . he move with purpose , not look down . Kent watch he every step with hollow glee . BRENNER there 's no mine , Major . you would be in the kill radius , too . 82 kent I want to be in the kill radius . brenner 's gait slow . he stare ahead , the headlight at he back . sweat roll down he face . cricket hum . kent amazing what a load of shrapnel will do to flesh and bone . take it clean off -- well , not clean at all , actually . you nve see the casualty . brenner will himself ahead , nerve draw tight , look down , watch for sign of disruption in the grass . Kent be frame against the night , bath in sickly light , grow closer , he smile goad brenner . brenner 's shoe hit something . he freeze . fear pump sharp and instantly . his eye bore into the grass , he foot raise half off the hide obstruction . his chest constrict , he breath audible , swift . he remain still , blink sweat out of he eye . Kent 's eye be rivete to the grass where he shoe be poise . and suddenly the fear leave . he see Kent for what he be , a sad loser play a loser 's bluff . Kent see the realization pass in brenner 's eye . his goad smile disappear , stripped from he . BRENNER it 's over . brenner move for he . as the weight of he foot come down , he feel it , just under the rise of ground , the steel of it , recognize it , and be diving in a run leap even as it be trigger , the primary charge crack . the mine leap up from the grass in a spray of sod . brenner , sprinting , skid belly down in a headlong dive , the night lighting up , the air rock in a massive concussion , shard of shrapnel whizzing . at the truck sunhill shout , she voice drown , she face light incandescent . 83 in the field smoke roll , wet clay rain down . brenner scramble up to he foot , eye wild . through the drift smoke , Major Kent , still stand . bdu 's shred , chest , arm , leg , face , perforate , bloom blood . BRENNER don ’t move , major ! Kent 's eye be blank . he grin a ghastly grin and take one deliberate and suicidal step forward . the trigger plate snap , the charge blow , the mine spring up and seem to hover a instant , black and deadly , hang in front of he bloody face . Kent salute it . he disassemble in a roaring flash of white . int . hearing room - hq build - fort hadley - day four dour , experience - harden military man sit in a row at a long walnut table , gaze harsh and exact : Colonel hellmann , blood in he eye . the staff judge advocate for the division . the new special agent in charge for Fort hadley . and General burn , Commander of the cid . the object of they gaze be brenner , stand across from they uncomfortably , the harsh light of the room in he eye . burn it 's a grim outcome , Mr. brenner . BRENNER yes , sir . burn grim . deplorable . bad for business . brenner hold silence , anticipate be draw and quarter on the linoleum . burn apparently you work impressed the Commander of the Post . General Campbell extend himself to keep you on -- he call he personal friend , the Chief of staff of the Army ... my boss . 84 he lance brenner with he gaze . burn in effect , Colonel hellmann be leave hold he dick on the airfield . brenner catch hellmann 's stare , sorry he do . the Colonel be shoot death ray . burn do you have anything to do with this ? you be on you oath . four set of eye bear down on he . brenner point-blank lie . BRENNER no , sir . burn if I discover otherwise , you will be out of the Army so quick you will think you be shot from a cannon . hellmann stare at brenner unhappily . BRENNER yes , sir . Sir , have the objective of this mission be meet ? burn consider he shrewdly . burn it have . damage sustainable . I want to make this clear , Mr. brenner -- you be walk a very thin line . I advise you to keep a low profile . brenner salute crisply . int . visiting officer's quarter - fort hadley - day drab Army housing . brenner stand at the open door of a room . Inside , sunhill be remove clothes from a rack in the closet . he knock , walk in . on the bed , a garment bag , a suitcase . BRENNER you nre leave ? sunhill I have be re-assign . 85 brenner try to mask he disappointment . BRENNER where be they send you ? sunhill Panama . BRENNER Panama ? she look at he unhappily . BRENNER hellmann . sunhill my ballroom day be over . BRENNER I be sorry , sunhill . I should never have let you come in on this . sunhill you could not have keep I out . she begin pack a garment bag . sunhill what 's go to happen to you ? BRENNER I guess I have a future . the upshot be , everyone 's relieved it do not hit any higher . she pause in what she 's do . sunhill brenner ... I can not leave like this . she turn to he . sunhill this case still have too many piece miss . BRENNER I know . 86 diffuse light glint against white silk , Captain Campbell , like a goddess of war in repose . her golden hair fan out , she skin porcelain , she eye close . her snow - white waistcoat adorn with medal and gold braid . her hand clasped on the hilt of a gleam West Point saber . fowler ( v.0 . ) in isaiah , it be ask -~ ' watchman , what of the night ? and the watchman reply -- ' morning be come 's ... int . chapel - fort hadley - day her flag -drape open casket , raise on a catafalque . past it , a@ gather five- hundred strong seat in pews , more spilling out the doorway . officer , friend , family , a limited pool of print journalist mop sweat in the sweltering closeness of the chapel . fowler ( cont 'd ) as soldier , this be we call -- to stand the watch each night , so that other may abide in peace until morning ... General Campbell , Mrs. Campbell , stalwart and endure , sit in the front , gaze to the podium where Colonel fowler deliver the eulogy , dress green knife - press , he strong , commanding voice ringing out over the hushed assembly . fowler ( cont ’d ) and we will stand watch until the day when it please God to call we into his Kingdom , and we need no longer stand the watch , nor fear the night . further back , brenner and sunhill , both in dress uniform , cid patch , gold insignia , brenner 's medal . watch fowler . fowler though Captain Campbell be mortal , and shed real blood , and shed real tear ... she be a soldier first . fowler turn to the casket , salute . fowler Captain , that 's how we ’1ll remember you . 87 ext . chapel field - day a volley of rifle fire crack out . the fire party of seven soldier snap the bolt of they rifle , raise they again and fire , repeat they motion , fire once more . smoke drift in the silence . ringing the hot , green clear where the casket rest , flag across it , a huge crowd , hushed . a lone buglar take a place near the six Army pallbearer , the color guard , the military band , the fire party . heat pour down . he raise he polished horn , sound the first plaintive note of tap . ext . road - above field - day line with bus , Army and civilian vehicle . brenner move toward Colonel fowler who stand at he staff car , prepare to enter . he see brenner , pause . brenner snap a salute . BRENNER Fine word , sir . fowler nod he solemn thanks . BRENNER I want to thank you for you help , Colonel . they observe each other . fowler a superior job , Mr. brenner . though I would not want to be you CO . he allow a brief smile . fowler do I a favor and do not ask I for any more favor . he turn , get in he car . brenner watch it drive away . int . hangar - jordon field - day the operation be be dismantle , seiver 's personnel rapidly and expertly pack they gear , the slam and scrape echoing . 88 seiver stand near the back of a van , supervise the load of some lab equipment . he watch brenner 's pick - up approach from one of the bay door . brenner get out , walk over . BRENNER something bother I , seiver . seiver what 's that ? BRENNER the final result on St. John 's and Major Kent 's bootprint . how come you expert never get back to you ? they back away from the swinging end of a crate be haul into the bed of the van . seiver he do . this morning -- be careful with that fuckin’ thing ! BRENNER and you do not you notify I ? seiver it 's completely immaterial now . brenner stare at he edgily . seiver regards he , mystify . seiver Jesus , brenner . you slam - dunked the case . what 's the problem ? BRENNER what do you get , seiver ? seiver he examine the track . say there 's no method of determine with hundred percent accuracy which come first . BRENNER but he give you he opinion . seiver observe brenner defensively . seiver his opinion be Kent arrive on the scene after St. John , not before . brenner be stunne , seiver 's voice distend , reverberate . 89 seiver I disagree with he . Major Kent do it . the proof be collect ina hundred yard radius on the infantry field ... int . brenner' office - cid unit - night brenner , still in dress uniform , he eye fix on a print - out on he desk . seiver ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) +++ so who you gonna go with ? close on : print -out the log of Captain Campbell 's calendar -- column of number ; date , hour and minute . BRENNER look up from the print-out . BRENNER he do not do it . ext , officer club - night a noisy dining room fill with commission soldier in sand - color battle - dress camouflage . sunhill move she tray along the cafeteria counter . someone slide a computer case she way , she look up . brenner have cut into the line ahead of she . BRENNER he do not do it . sunhill stare at he , catch off guard . his eye burn madly . sunhill what ? the officer in line be watch they . brenner grab she arm and lead she away . 90 sunhill brenner , what the hell be you do ? they move through the dining room , stop at the front door , he take she arm , look into she face . BRENNER there 's a problem with she calendar . sunhill what ? BRENNER one of the entry be make about a hour after she be kill . her expression fall . BRENNER dixon logge the time and date . I go over it . he 's still out there , sunhill . ext . officer's club - night they rush out through the front door , muggy rain spilling off the cover walkway . BRENNER he know about the basement . he know she keep a calendar . and he know he could frame Kent . sunhill ( dismay ) and we buy it . BRENNER he overlook the automatic time - clock . he make mistake . sunhill we need a new motive . they move out in the rain . BRENNER that 's you job . run you theory -- the traumatic event at West Point . plug into the record Center , track this Army doctor down . 91 sunhill Zaccardo ? BRENNER if he 's alive , get a airlift , talk to he face - to- face . pull out all the stop . sunhill we have no time , brenner . I be out in two day . BRENNER we go without sleep . he stop near he pick - up , slew sideways in the parking lot . BRENNER her lecture tape -- psychological warfare . mindfuck . we will use it to level the field . get a car ? sunhill yes . BRENNER contact I when you have something . sunhill where be you go ? BRENNER I be gonna start narrowing the list . ext . airfield - fort hadley - night a car skid to a halt . sunhill jump out . a uh - 60 Black Hawk wait for she on the tarmac , prop churn , light winking , a crewman wait at the open door . she look at it , apprehensive , determine , then sprint toward it . the crewman hold out he hand , she leap in , the chopper tilt upward , blade slashing the rain . ext . tavern - midland - night a drink spot , cinderblock , a bunker . brenner 's truck roll into the muddy lot . 92 int . tavern - night country rock on the sound system . local lining a dim , smoky bar . brenner walk in , carry a briefcase . scan the room . at a table in the back , Chief yardley , chew on a burger and stare toward brenner . he be seat with associate , man who help run midland and find themselves with little to do . brenner arrive at the table , slide into a chair and rest he briefcase in front of he . BRENNER hi , Chief . yardley eye the briefcase , then brenner . he set he burger down , formally . yardley well ... Mr. brenner . his associate regard brenner inhospitably . a waitress with lot of hair and curve move up behind yardley with a tray . yardley fellas , why do not ya ' will get a drink at the bar ? BRENNER they do not have to go . yardley stare at brenner , surmise he intent . yardley proceed with caution . BRENNER I be in a reckless mood , Chief . where you be on the night of August sixth between the hour of ten and twelve ? yardley incline he head rearward . yardley donna , honey , tell Mr. brenner where I be that night . she look at brenner with happy vacancy . donna in my muff . 93 the man around the table chortle . yardley join they , shake he head fondly . yardley ai not she a peach ..? I '' a bachelor , Mr. brenner . brenner unsnap he briefcase . BRENNER well , since we be on the subject , I think donna will enjoy this . brenner remove a stack of photo , spread they out like card on the table . yardley 's eye narrow at they , then widen as he register they content . his associate crane forward to see . BRENNER the yardley retrospective . selected image . donna lean over with she tray , she face stiffening . donna oh my God ... brenner slide one of the photo closer . BRENNER this one 's my favorite , donna . check the paunch . she tilt she head to it , affront . donna the paunch ? the teensy erection . BRENNER I think we have a tentative id . yardley glower , he complexion livid . BRENNER she have a camcorder in the basement , Chief . the lab print this . they put you there . withhold evidence . obstruct justice . misconduct in office . conspiracy ... 94 yardley first thing , I get no idea what you be talkin’ about . second , I do not see anyone 's face here . donna well , how you gonna see the face ? yardley shut up , honey . you get squat here , brenner . Goose egg . nothin 's . BRENNER ever hear of forensic anthropology ? yardley chew on he lip , glaring . BRENNER Forensic anthropolgy reconstruct the identity of a person through bone or body part . what I be gonna do be get a subpeona . tell the fed we need a shot of Chief yardley 's penis . they will come out with a camera . then the lab boy go to work and match it . brenner gather the photo up , throw they into he briefcase , slam the lid close . BRENNER you be through , Chief . ext . tavern - night brenner stand out among the other park car , stare grimly at he truck . the windshield be smashed in , diamond of glass scattered across the hood . he turn around . johnny Ray and deuce slouch against the nose of a nearby camaro , watch he with amused menace . johnny ray peckerwood pick-up . deuce rebel thunder - chevy . johnny ray look like a break -in . 95 deuce call nine-one-one . johnny Ray wheeze a chuckle . deuce lean to one side , blow a wad of spit . BRENNER good thing you do not have you muzzle on . deuce look at johnny Ray . he push himself off the camaro . tattoos , musculature , stripped to fight trim . deuce I be off the leash . johnny Ray offer advice to brenner from he indolent slouch . johnny ray that 's problematic for you . deuce glide teward he . brenner shift he stance . deuce 's eye flick over he contempuously . deuce he 's tired . johnny ray give ' ima rest . deuce fearlessly plant himself across from brenner , unlimber he leg in a little bounce . deuce hey , johnny Ray ? you think he know hand - to-hand combat ? johnny ray might . you just get to stay hard as white oak tree . deuce 's eye glaze psychotically . deuce man down in parking lot . 96 he fire he leg at brenner in vicious snap kick . brenner be suddenly hold it tight in the crook of he arm . he blur , sweeping he own leg behind deuce 's free leg and crack the point of he chin with a hard palm thrust , reap the man 's stand leg out from under he . déuce slam the ground back - first , he cranial nerve short - circuite . brenner release he leg , whip he pistol out , level it on johnny Ray who roll off the car defensively , he hand at the rear of he waistband . BRENNER you pull that , you be go . johnny ray Fair fight , fair fight . the big man be half on the ground . he hold one hand out and slowly place a pistol on the dirt with the other . BRENNER now get the glass off my seat . ext . psy - ops complex - fort hadley - day the chevy pick - up rumble up to the gate , windshield miss . brenner display he badge as he drive past the mp . int . psy - ops lab - day the clamor of the monkey rock off the tile of the room . at the lab bench , Colonel Moore , oblivious of the noise , absorb in he work at a computer . the light suddenly go out , plunging the windowless room into darkness . the scream primate fall silent . Moore , frame in the dimness , turn from he work . he look past the cage toward the room 's entrance . someone be stand there . a vague shape . Moore blink , he lense steam in the close air . moore who 's there ? BRENNER the grim fuck reaper . 97 Moore stare into the blackness , uneasily , he glass light in the sickly green light of he monitor . moore be that you , brenner ..? Moore hear a steel latch rattle . the monkey begin howling , rock they cage . moore what be you do ? BRENNER I '' let the monkey loose . Moore face drain . moore have you go insane ? BRENNER how would you know ? the monkey fall silent again as hinge squeal . Moore 's eye widen sharply . moore that animal be rabid ! Moore lurch from the bench , try to feel he way forward . moore brenner ..? I will have you up on -- a rhesus scream , hurtle from its enclosure . a projectile of hair and muscle that rip past Moore 's face , dislodge he glass . the shape tear across the lab bench , toppling he monitor and vanish . Moore gasp , he glass dangle . he freeze , eye blindly search the dark . a savage shriek pierce he ear , Moore scream , a set of fang rush out of the dark and snap at he . he stumble along the bench , flail , trip , go down to he knee . he bring he head up . a set of red eye blink at he from a cage inch away . a low , lethal chatter commence . he hear the cage latch click . moore enough ! brenner 's voice be very close . 98 BRENNER you be there on the fire range , Colonel ! you help stake she out ! you hide she clothes on the latrine ! moore you can not do this , brenner ! it 's a violation of -- brenner grab he by the shirt , haul he to he foot , slam he against the bench , eye murderous . BRENNER you nre up to you ass in this ! start talk ! Moore sag , resistance crush . moore Ann require ... bold remedial therapy to address a longstand ... and unresolved issue that be destroy she ... ext . STREET - east orange , new jersey - day a block of run-down storefront , iron-grate window . a taxi - cab pull up to the curb . sunhill get out , pay the driver and look to the entrance of a seedy clinic : Dr. Joseph Zaccardo - Foot surgeon medicare and most insurance accept int . examination room - clinic - day sunhill be show inside by a tired , obese nurse who close the door as she leave . sunhill take in the room ; a exam bench , blister wall , a foot chart . not a go concern . the door open . a black man enter , refer to a clipboard . he glance up at she , sink - eye and age hard . zaccardo Ms. sunhill . I be Doctor Zaccardo . apparently you have some sort of a emergency today ? sunhill yes. 99 zaccardo remove you shoe , please . sunhill kick off she flat . the doctor lean down , examine she foot , he spidery hand manipulate they . zaccardo actually , you have exceedingly sound conformation . sunhill actually , it 's not my foot . the doctor 's eye peer up at she from great dark circle . his complexion gray , unhealthy . z2rccardo explain , please . sunhill I be here to talk about West Point . Zaccardo straighten up . he stare down at she . sunhill nineteen -eighty - six , Doctor . you examine a young cadet . her name be Ann Campbell . Zaccardo 's face close on she . zaccardo I have no memory of she . I examine hundred of cadet when I be at West Point . as you can see , there 's be quite a interval since then . sunhill Captain Campbell be murder at Fort hadley , Georgia five day ago . Zaccardo move to the door . zaccardo I have a busy schedule . sunhill I need you help , Doctor . zaccardo who be you ? 100 sunhill stare at he , desperation rise . she 's lose he . zaccardo you be a investigator ? Fine . I will call my attorney . he begin through the door . sunhill I hope he handle malpractice . Zaccardo stop in he track . sunhill blink , stunne by what she 's just say . and it keep come . sunhill I be here for the plaintiff , Doctor ... who assert Captain Campbell 's death be a direct result of the trauma she underwent at West Point ... he turn back to she , fear flicker in he eye . sunhill and unless you can convince I you be under order to destroy she medical file , we be slapping you with a multi-million dollar lawsuit . the doctor stand uncertainly , stare at she . sunhill open she purse , remove a fold report . she unfold it , read . sunhill Campbell , Ann , Grace . Cause of death -- asphyxia . aside from ligature on neck , no trauma to expose tissue , or to bone , brain , mouth , vagina ... she pause , she emotion rise . sunhill some erosion of the cervix indicate a prior disease , abortion . stomach , bladder , intestine content analyze , toxicology clean . no drug , poison , alcohol . trace fluid analyze . perspiration ... tear ... she look up at he . sunhill tear run downward from the eye . 101 Zaccardo move to the counter , seem out of breath . he lean there , not face she . sunhill this be a human be , Doctor . she be cry when she life end . and she be cry when she come to you , ten year ago . he remain immobilize against the counter . zaccardo there 's nothing I can say that will help she now . sunhill you can tell the truth . Zaccardo slowly turn . a man who have bury himself alive . zaccardo it be so long ago ... I be swear to secrecy . you have to understand . it be not easy , get a position ... he stare into the past . sunhill why do she need medical assistance ? zaccardo 's eye catch the sun , the break weave of he irise , the black hole of the pupil . zaccardo she be rape ... the blackness enlarge , become night a place and time ten year ago . a place of summer heat . Dark tree ringing a view of the sky . the shrill of cricket . the mute sound of struggle . zaccardo ( v.0 . ) gang-rape , on a training maneuver ... 102 Firefly trail past . come into clarity below the tree , a assembly of shadow face . brutal , youthful face , conceal by camouflage netting and craze stripe of greasepaint . eye glint whitely , hold lust , violence . zaccardo ( v.0 . ) eight cadet ... they bound she with tent cord ... one of the face lean in , close , a cadet , eye fix , breath catch in he throat . a young woman 's cry rise , exhaust , torture . zaccardo ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) Left she bleed in the dirt . in the exam room Zaccardo stare , eye fix . sunhill be move to rage , tear . she fight it , try to keep she voice even . sunhill there 's ... no record of the charge . zaccardo she never file charge . sunhill why ? Zaccardo look on she . zaccardo charge would have lead to a court martial , and a court martial would have dishonor ... the institution . so far as the United States Army be concerned , it never occur . sunhill and the cadet who rape she ? zaccardo never identify . Men who have become one thing or another , blend anonymously into military or civilian life . 103 sunhill be it Campbell 's decision not to pursue a court martial ? the doctor regards she bitterly . zaccardo which Campbell , Ms. sunhill ? she stare at he across the dingy room , the silence swell . ext . BRENNER 's trailer - whispering pine - day rain streaking down . brenner 's pick - up drive up through the mud , stop near the front of the trailer . the windshield have be replace . brenner get out , he eye on something . park across the yard , a staff car . someone behind the fog of the window . the driver 's door open and Colonel hellmann stand out . he stare across to brenner . hellmann the case be close , Mr. brenner . BRENNER I have evidence that say otherwise . hellmann walk toward he . hellmann Major Kent be guilty and a military court will make judgment accordingly . it 's a do deal . BRENNER you may not want it go any higher , Colonel , but it do . the rain sweep the yard , stream down hellmann 's deadly face . hellmann let I walk you through this : the sole purpose of the military be to serve this country . you purpose be to serve the military . unconditionally . without question . brenner stare at he . 104 BRENNER just like Fort belvoir , Colonel ? hellmann take he in , he trailer . hellmann look at yourself , brenner . you never really know what be a soldier mean . the investigation 's over , the best interest of the United States Army have be serve . they eye be lock . hellmann have we reach a understanding ? BRENNER fuck off , Colonel . hellmann spring for he . brenner duck he fist , pin he forcefully to the pick -up . he restrain he , hellmann panting in rage , tooth clench . brenner release he . hellmann jerk away , eye blaze . he stab he finger out at he , growl . ehellmann I be give you a direct order ! Drop it ! disobey , you be finish ! hear I ? finish ! he move back , angrily straighten he sodden blouse . hellmann and sunhill 's finish , too ! he throw open he car door , glaring , get in , slam the door , ram the car away , tire spin . brenner stand in the rain , face dark , watch the car skid out of the lot . the soldier of plastic be silhouett against the lowering sky , face hard and expressionless , stand eyeless sentry . 105 ext . crime scene - rifle range six - evening brenner , eye haunt , stare up at the target 's hollow face . he turn from it , look down to a chalk outline fade in the dirt , all that remain of Captain Campbell . the pavillion be go , tatter strand of police tape strung forlornly across the area . Beyond he , sunhill approach from the road . he look up at she as she stop across from he . she have be without sleep , look draw , but resolute . sunhill Captain Campbell be gang -raped at West Point . there be no charge , no trial . the crime be bury . she be sell out to avoid a scandal . brenner compute this information grimly . BRENNER who be the broker ? sunhill the broker be she father ... she have be wage a war against he ever since . he demand a cease fire ... her eye fall to the chalk outline . sunhill this be she answer . a reenactment of the night she be rape . she look up at brenner . sunhill he sacrifice she . for the good of the Army . summer thunder reverberate softly . they stand watch each other , the sky hang heavy and hot . BRENNER you do good work . he take a pocket - recorder from he jacket . 106 BRENNER this be Colonel Moore 's . he come out here with she , help she set it up . then he call the General 's line at hq and leave this message : he snap the recorder on . captain campbell ( v.0 . ) this be you loving daughter , daddy . I have the answer to you ultimatum . I be at Range six . surrounded by a compliment of very dash soldier . do not keep I . her tone sugar-coate , chill . brenner snap it off . BRENNER I check the phone record . the call be receive . sunhill the General lie when he say he have no contact with she . he come out here . when he see she like that ... BRENNER we do not have a match on he boot . sunhill he give we another pair . BRENNER I do not think so . sunhill motive , opportunity , the will to act . it 's all there . BRENNER you be really gun for he . sunhill how can you stand there and defend he after what he do ? you really be all in the same club . brenner scowl , insulted . she regards he , she nerve fray . 107 sunhill Change of Command 's tommorrow . I do not want to lose this . BRENNER you have lose it . the Army 's pull out . we be out here on we own with zero authority . she study he , understand the edict have be hand down . sunhill be you bail on I ? BRENNER it 's a suicide mission . always be . let it go . take you transfer , put it behind you . sunhill what about you ? the rain break , hot silver flash . BRENNER I 's be go down anyway . you do not have to go down with I . he turn he collar up , move for the road . ext . FIRE control tower - day he stride below the tower , rain drift . sunhill jog up . sunhill I be not turn my back on this . he make no response . she take he arm , they stop under the steel stilt of the tower , face to face . sunhill do not walk away from I . we / be in this together . we be gonna see it all the way through ... I want that sick son of a bitch . brenner consider she irately , make a decision . 108 BRENNER okay . you nre gonna get he . I be gonna give he to you . sunhill you have a strategy ? BRENNER yeah . all or nothing ... be at the parade field tommorrow morning . he turn without another word , move through the rain to the road . she stare after he . int . colonel fowler' bedroom - day a phone be ringing . fowler stand before a mirror buttone he parade blouse . his wife appear with a cordless phone . wife Chief warrant Officer brenner . fowler take the phone . fowler what be it , Mr. brenner ? BRENNER ( v.o. ) Sir , we have proof Major Kent do not kill Captain Campbell . fowler pause , frown . int . phone booth - MAIN square - fort hadley - day brenner , in a gray suit , hold the phone , tense , listen . fowler ( v.0 . ) where be this go ? BRENNER in a direction you will not like , sir . it look bad for General Campbell . silence on the line . BRENNER Colonel ..? 109 fowler ( v.0 . ) I have hear you . BRENNER if this be go to be handle right , I need you assistance , sir . fowler ( v.0 . ) ( warningly ) Mr. brenner , General Campbell be my close friend . brenner stare through the glass . sun-splash lawn , the far shout of a drill sergeant . BRENNER no , sir . the Army be . where can we we meet privately ? ext . barracks 5 - fort hadley - day a block -long , weathered wooden structure , long ago abandon . brenner 's truck move across the weed - crack asphalt , come to a stop . he get out , scan the area . he see no other vehicle , walk toward a open door ahead . int . barracks 5 - day he stand inside the doorway . ahead of he , a long room , dust and shadow , the floor strewn with debris . he move forward , the plank under he foot creak , sagging rottenly . in the dimness , a briefcase rest on a old table and a figure take shape in the dark beyond it . BRENNER Colonel ? the shape step forward . Colonel fowler , he face come into the light . parade uniform , ribbon and metal , a belt with a scabbard , the silver hilt of a saber . fowler what do you hope to accomplish with this meeting , Mr. brenner ? BRENNER you help I once before , sir . I be rely on you to help I again . 110 fowler stare across to he . fowler accord to you , my help result in the arrest of the wrong man . brenner hold he stare unwaveringly . BRENNER exactly , sir . you help keep I on the case . to arrest Major Kent . and Major Kent be frame -- set-up . the percussion of military drum float from the parade field . BRENNER be you with I so far , Colonel ? fowler I be rivete . please continue . BRENNER by you own admission , you run a surveillance of Captain Campbell . you know everything . Major Kent be prime to take the fall . fowler stare at he , he eye deep , black , like starless sky . BRENNER when the General deliver he final term , she send back she answer . he leave he office at twenty - three - hundred . at twenty - three - o- four she ring in . you pick up the call . headlight on rifle Range Road , pull in behind she humvee . they snap off . darkness . BRENNER ( v.o. ) the General 's protector . forty year together . brave war . slay the enemy . she be enemy ... and she be win ... 111 at the berm , fowler 's grim face beneath the roiling sky . heat flicker . BRENNER ( v.o. ) so you drive out to the range and you annihilate she . lightning flash , shower light . captain campbell stare up , eye widen in terror . flooding with tear . a shadow block they . the cloud churn in fury , rimmed with electricity . captain campbell ( v.0 . ) Father ... her voice lose in a clap of thunder . the eyeless face of the plastic pop - up soldier . merciless . empty and blind . in the barracks fowler 's face beneath the rafter , the same eye . brenner be stand across from he . BRENNER you strangle she . fowler be still , watch he . he speak finally , voice hard , fowler Captain Campbell be a disgrace to the uniform she wear . whoever the executioner be , he do the Army a great service . 112 BRENNER be that you confession ? they stand silently in the dim , dusty light . a soft click be hear . from brenner 's jacket pocket . fowler nod toward it . fowler I think you run out of tape . brenner scowl , he eye fall to he pocket . fowler step toward the table where he briefcase rest . brenner put he hand near he weapon , ready to draw it . BRENNER that 's far enough . fowler stand motionless . bring he full , commanding gaze on brenner . fowler Captain Campbell be dead and bury , Mr. brenner . but you and I be part of something that will never die . we continue . the General continue . we be piece of the same machine . his eye bore into he . fowler I be put a letter of commendation in you file . as you have see , I have influential connection . you can get you master grade . the respect and prestige that come with it . all you have to do be just turn around ... and walk out . brenner watch he warily . BRENNER a bribe , Colonel ? fowler a reward . for a job well do . BRENNER no deal . fowler then you have choose the alternative . 113 he have a black pistol in one black - glove hand . a Army -issue beretta that freeze brenner 's own hand at he lapel . fowler use that hand to remove the tape recorder , brenner slowly do so , catch by fowler 's stealth and speed . fowler toss it to I . underhand . brenner underhand it . fowler catch it , he weapon steady . he step to he briefcase , open it , drop the recorder in it . BRENNER now what ? fowler I shoot you . with Lieutenant elby 's weapon . then I return it to where he keep it . he 's be under a lot of stress since you link he up to that basement sex ring . brenner be coiled , intent , wait for the slight chance to vip he piece out and fire it empty . BRENNER it will not fly , Colonel . fowler no one know we ‘’re here , Mr. brenner . and I have arrange a emergency for Lieutenant elby . he ’1ll miss the ceremony entirely . as for myself , I be in full view of four thousand troops when he shot you . brenner 's arm flash , he weapon halfway out as fowler 's gun crack twice . brenner , take both shot in the chest , kick backward , land on he back , the rotten plank cave in under he , he body crash through the floor . Dust billow . fowler move over the hole in the board . his sight rest on brenner , sprawle on he back in the filth of the foundation three foot below . still as rock , mouth gape , eye glaze , two black hole blow into he jacket , nearly on center and close together . 114 fowler 's gun slam , the muzzle blast lighting the dark of the foundation , brenner 's body jolting as the middle of he shirt explode into white tatter , the eject shell tinkling across the board . fowler admire he marksmanship . fowler one-inch group . he step over the break planking , grab he briefcase , walk swiftly out the barrack door . ext . parade field - fort hadley - day General Campbell gaze out over the company of he division , assemble in formation , row of bright flag shimmer in the windless heat . campbell I stand here a old infantryman , with a soldier 's love for the Army . it 's grandeur . it 's ability to make heros of common man and woman whose service be give in faith and courage ... his word ring over the field . he wear battle dress , a belt with a holster pistol , a blouse fill with medal for war , campaign . a line of senior officer stand behind he , fowler among they , he saber hilt glint . campbell we serve something much larger than ourselves , and to serve it , we must hold it dearer than we own flesh and blood . we be bound together , as only warrior can be bound ... I have give my heart to my country , and my service to it will never end . the General turn . the color sergeant formally offer he the division flag . the General receive it , turn once more to solemnly confer it upon the new Commander of the Post , and the chain of command continue unbroken . the General salute he , relinquishing he position , and turn he salute to he troops , he face hold rigidly against tear . there be a deep and awed silence . the General step down from the platform , in majesty and sorrow . 115 a great cheer erupt from the company stand in formation . thousands of voice raise up in heartfelt farewell , a uproar that rock across the still afternoon . ext . parade field road - day sunhill stand at she car above the field , anxiously search for brenner . she hold a cellular phone , the dial number on display , the line audibly pulsing . sunhill come on , brenner ... ext . barracks 5 - day brenner 's truck on the hot asphalt , the phone unit on the dash pulsing , light light . int . barracks 5 - day the break flooring . in the dimness past it , propped against the wall and in considerable pain , brenner . he be shirtless , streak with dirt and sweat , grimace as he tear loose the strap of a kevlar bullet - proof vest . the vest slide off , three black impact mark dent into the heart region . his chest be bruise , rib break . he hear a phone pulsing faintly , turn he head to the open barrack door , he truck visible past it . ext . parade field road - day sunhill , frustrated , stare at she phone , the line unanswer . sunhill damn . she disconnect . ext . BRENNER ‘s truck - barracks 5 - day brenner lean out of the open door , thumbing the phone on and bring it to he ear . dial tone . 116 ext . parade field road - day sunhill move away from she car , stall , anxious , look for some sign of brenner . her beeper go off , she turn , sprint back to she car , dive for the phone . sunhill brenner ..? ext . BRENNER 's truck - barracks 5 - day brenner , breathe in pain , be sit behind the wheel , phone in hand . BRENNER oh yeah . sunhill ( v.0 . ) where the hell be you ? BRENNER ( wince ) listen to I . find fowler 's car . look for he briefcase . Moore 's tape recorder should be in it . sunhill ( v.0 . ) fowler ? BRENNER then find the General . that 's where fowler will be . I be on my way . he disconnect , fire the engine , slam into gear , scorching off across the asphalt . ext . road - below parade field - day the trunk of fowler 's staff car . the rend of metal , the trunk lid pop up . in the well of the trunk , fowler 's briefcase . a soldier with a slide- hammer move back . sunhill stand over the open trunk , stare in . 117 ext . aerial view - parade field - day a vast green floor studd with column of distant soldier in olive and tan . tiny , colorful flag . brass glint from the military band , the remote sound of horn and drum . the field line with grandstand fill with civilian . ext . aerial view - closer the parade march come in louder . the General 's personal car on the lawn below . a group of rank officer gather there bid the General and he wife goodbye . recognizable within the gather , Colonel fowler , shaking hand . from the tan width of road below the officer , a figure move across the grass toward they . sunhill , she stride determine . the parade drum thunder , beat out a martial cadence . ext . aerial view - closer sunhill approach the group , stop a dozen foot away . one by one , the officer turn to she . stillness fall over they as the General walk out to meet she . they exchange word . the General turn to where fowler stand , but fowler be no longer there . he turn back to sunhill . the drum reverberate . she raise the tape recorder . the General stand listen to the playback . sunhill turn the recorder off . the General , staggered , walk away from she . he drop to he knee . the rumbling percussion fade out as a great , anguish scream rise up , shaking the air . ext . BRENNER ‘s truck - edge of parade field - day the pick - up slam to a skid halt , brenner bail out , still shirtless , weapon in hand . he race past the crowd that pour out on the field , soldier and civilian stare , shouting out in alarm . 118 ext . parade field ~ day the General be bow on the turf , he wife have rush to he . sunhill , stricken , turn from he as the shouting rise past she . brenner be sprinting up through the midst of the crowd , he badge hold high . she run toward he . sunhill fowler 's go ! brenner and sunhill desperately scan the field , swarm now with soldier , many armed and ready to shoot . a group of mps pound toward they , pistol out . brenner raise he badge up , bellow hoarsely . BRENNER cid ! find colonel fowler ! another wave of shout and cry fill the air . brenner and sunhill pivot , see a flurry of commotion , a crowd rush to a area ahead of they . they take off at a dead run , both quickly close ground for the fringe of the throng , soldier and civilian push in toward something . they reach the edge of a human wall , jump in , tear a path . BRENNER cid ! stand away ! stand back ! they fight they way through the close pack of body , brenner ramming forward , yell raggedly . the crowd give , they push out into a open circle of lawn , bring themselves up short , panting , stare ahead . Colonel fowler stand in a clear ringed by shocked soldier and civilian , saber draw , a mp , arm slashed , lie pale and still on the grass below he , he pistol under fowler 's shoe . BRENNER give it up , Colonel . fowler , face stone , eye black , stare at he , past reason or redemption . several soldier make a move toward he , he cut the air with he steel , growl , they leap back as the crowd shout out . 119 he glare savagely at brenner , swinging he blade in a circle , the sun gleam off the razor- hone edge of it . he advance . brenner and sunhill drop down defensively , level they weapon as the ring of onlooker fall back . BRENNER halt ! fowler raise the blade over he head . the blast of a gunshot split the air , a row of medal explode off he chest . the Colonel lurch , topple face forward , dead as he hit ground . the agent , freeze in a crouch , stare in astonishment , weapon unfire . the crowd stunne , silent , parting across the circle of the clear , leave one man stand alone . General Campbell . his officer 's beretta in he hand , feature terrible , eye hollow . he lower he gun . it slip from he finger . pandemonium . ext . MAIN boulevard - fort hadley - day hot Georgia sky . shadeless lawn . chant . a file of young , head - shaven recruit move in step -time along the road , they drill sergeant dogging they . sunhill 's mustang , one flank scrape and batter , drive past they , move toward the main gate . ext . MAIN gate - fort hadley - day she stand outside she car , shading she eye . brenner 's pick - up approach . the truck stop , he get out , cross the road to she . they stand face each other , glad to see each other , sorry it may be the last time . BRENNER so you be really out . sunhill it have to be that way . brenner nod , understanding . she gaze at he , regretfully . sunhill what happen to you ? 120 BRENNER I be not sure ... they can not decide whether to give I a medal or hang I . maybe I ' 1ll just cash out . sunhill you be a lifer , brenner . BRENNER yeah . I guess I be . they smile , they attraction to each other see in they eye . sunhill be I ever gonna see you again ? BRENNER just let I know where you be . they smile fade . they stand close to each other , want to embrace . instead , he extend he hand , in respect . her eye hold she own regard , sincerity . sunhill thank you . for everything . they handshake linger . sunhill turn , she eye damp , enter she car . he lean over she window . she look up at he . sunhill I turn a corner in my life ... my father . the General . fowler . the Army , what it stand for ... they all get it wrong . brenner stare at she , somber . sunhill who really kill she , brenner ? BRENNER everybody . they gaze last a moment more . she smile a plaintive smile , a look of goodbye . then she start the car , turn she eye to the future . brenner remain there , watch she pull out , she car draw away on the road , recede . fade out