the ballad of buster scruge € written by Joel coen and ethan coen '' you see ‘em , you play ‘em , 's sneer the hard man . fade in + lose on a heavy volume , morocco-bound . to the extent that the book do not fill wol the screen we see that it rest on a knotty , oaken table . ahand enter the bottom of the frame and open the book to the title page . with its opposite page the cream - color vellum now fill the screen . the title read : the ballad of buster scrugg and other tale of the american Frontier -- with Color plates -- the page be turn again . the page on the leave side be the table of content , the page on the right be the list of color plate . without pause the unseen hand turn the page again to the title page of the first story : the ballad of buster scrugg we hold for the briefest moment and the page be turn again to reveal a translucent sheet of rice paper , which be itself turn to reveal a full color illustration in the style of n.c. wyeth . from a low angle the picture show a burly outlaw rise to he foot from he place at a saloon card table . his right hand hover over he holster six -gun , a toothpick be clench between he yellow tooth . object on the table have be knock askew by the sudden movement . the player around he all look off toward the object of the burly man 's ire , who occupy we ( the viewer 's ) perspective . we travel down to a caption below the illustration : '' you see ‘em , you play ‘em , '' sneer the hard man . the page turn once more to a full page of text which begin : none hear it , but the man 's voice carry through the crisp morning air , just outside of mexican hat . his horse clip-clopped , it seem , in time ... dissolve from the page to : ext . monument valley - day panoramic view of monument Valley . mighty tower of red sandstone rise from the desert floor below . we hear only the sound of the wind . then , distantly , sing . a tiny figure just visible to the naked eye , dress in white and riding a white horse , have cornere a huge archway of stone . Close on the rider , buster scrugg . his white clothing and ten-gallon hat be blindingly clean . he have one leg draw up to rest on the pommel and a guitar rest on the leg . he strum as he sing , smile . he finish the song , hold the last note . then he hook the guitar over the saddle horn and pick up the rein . he address the camera as he continue to ride . buster a song never fail to divert m’mind during a long day 's ride out here in the West , where distance be great and the scenery monotonous . additionally , m'please baritone seem inspirit good ol 's Dan , keepin’ he in good heart through the day 's measure of hoofclop . ai not that right , Dan ? a confirm huntz Hall from the horse . buster ( cont 'd ) maybe y’all have hear a I , buster scrugg — know to some as the San saba songbird . I get other handle , nickname , appelation and cognoment ... he be reach into he necessary bag and draw from it a want poster with a picture of himself with he name print beneath , and beneath that , '' the misanthrope . '' buster ( cont 'd ) ... but this 'o here I do not consider t’be even halfways earn . I do not hate m’fellow man even when he 's tiresome 'o surly 'o try to cheat at poker . why I figure that 's just the human material ... he crumple the handbill and toss it over he shoulder . buster ( cont ’d ) ... and himmet find in it cause for anger 'o dismay be just a fool for expectin’ better . ai not that right , Dan ? another huntz Hall . buster ( cont 'd ) ... well folk , unless I grievously misremember , there 's a little cantina on the other side of yon rimrock , and if I be in luck itll be customer there amenable to drawin’ up in a circle round a deck acard . git up now ! haw ! int . cantina - day the door creak open and buster scrugg take in the humble establishment : a slow pan show a rude small - window place with rough wood appointment and a planktop bar . the few hard - look man drink there have stop to look up at the visitor . buster scrugg clap he hat against he clothes , raise a fine dust . he address the bartender . buster like I a splash a whiskey ter wash this traildust offen my gullet 'o keep m’singin’ voice in fettle . the bartender slowly shake he head . bartender dry county . whiskey 's illegal . buster look around at the other customer . buster what be they drinkin’ ? bartender whiskey . a beat during which buster try to square the information . the bartender explain : bartender ( cont ’d ) ... they 's outlaw . buster well do not let m’white dud 'o pleasant demeanor fool ya , I too have be know to violate the statute a man — and not a few a the law a the almighty . the hardest of the hard man seat nearby give a derisive chuckle . hard man hew be not no outlaw . buster turn to face he . the man , chew a toothpick , offer calculate provocation : hard man ( cont ’d ) ... and we do not drink with tinhorn . buster meet the taunt with a smile . buster Sir , it seem you be no better a judge of human bein 's than you be a specimen of one . just on a brief inventory I have say you could use yourself a shave and a brighter disposition and lastly if you do not mind I aspersin’ you friend a better class of drinkin’ buddy . the man grunt . his companion grunt , look at buster in surprise and pity . the hard man , mouth clamp on he toothpick , slowly rise , gunhand poise beside he holster . buster be completely relaxed , hand at he side . the hard man sneer : hard man you shootin’ iron work ? in less time than it take to tell , buster draw and shoot the man in the head and twirl he gun and reholster it . the hard man , a neat hole in he forehead , stand on he foot for a suspend moment , not yet aware that he be dead . buster appear to do , yes . the hard man drop . his friend stare , stunne . as one , they leap to they foot haul out gun . buster redraw he and , fan the hammer , lay the man down with four quick shot . he cock the hammer one last time and for some reason whip the gun round to point it backward under he leave armpit . he hold that odd posture for a long moment , then slowly turn he head to look back over he leave shoulder . behind he , the bartender be freeze in the act of reach down a shotgun from over the bar . the two man have eye contact . buster wink at the bartender and — blam !— fire . one man from among the group at the table be not dead . he crawl pitifully toward the door of the cantina . buster , surprised , look at the camera . buster ( cont 'd ) appear that the vital of this lucky sonofagun remain unpuncture — sloppy shootin’ on my part ! the man 's groan and scraping sound be the only noise in the cantina . buster ( cont 'd ) ... but the nearest human habitation be a day 's ride away , three day on foot , and lord alone know how many on you belly . I suspect that wolf 'o gila monster will save I on ammo . adios , amigo . put I in mind of a song ... ext . cantina - day buster fetch up onto he horse and pull out he guitar . he sing '' lonesome cowboy '' as he set out from the cantina . behind he we can see the die man haul himself out the doorway into the vast dustiness of the desert . ext . a town - day buster finish the song as he travel the town 's one dusty street . he put up he guitar . buster frenchman 's gulch . this town be new to I . but I be not never know nothin’ french to be dry . int . SALOON - day buster enter . it be everything he could have hope for : smokey air , flock wallpaper , somewhere a piano play , and several table set about where man play card . the place be crowded with drinker , poker - player , hell - raiser . voice hang on , son ... the voice belong to a man behind a small counter by the swinging door . he tap to indicate a small sign on the face of the counter : check firearm here . voice ( contd ) . House policy . buster amiably unhitch he gunbelt . buster here 's the six-shooter ... he bend down to pull a derringer from each boot . buster ( cont ’d ) ... now be you gonna be wantin’ the sefiiorita pistol as well ? checker everthang , ' cludin’ knife . buster never partial to knife . I be not much for workin’ in close . as he stroll away : buster ( cont 'd ) ... feel a bit naked but I guess with ever one similarly disadvantaged there 's scant chance of misadventure . hello ! he be reacting to a man rise at a nearby table and toss down he card . man T be out . as he stalk away buster slide into he chair . buster this be well time . you gentleman mind if I take he spot ? a surly man directly across answer : angry man iffen you play he hand . buster pick up the five face - down card and look : ace and eight . a beat . buster I would prefer not to . another man , in a vest and with a small neatly wax mustache , have a french accent : frenchman it be too late . you have regard ze card . surly man you see ‘em . you play ‘em . buster tai not ant . frenchman Ze uzzer hombre ant . surly man you see ‘em . you play ‘em . buster and what if I do not ? the surly man rise . he have a gun in he hand . he aim it across the table . surly man play they card , fancy dan . the table — the entire establishment — fall silent . buster can not no one compel a man to engage in recreation , and certainly not a sonofagun as ill-humored as yourself . he rise slowly , hold he hand away from he side as a sign that he be unarm . buster ( cont 'd ) ... second place , m’horse 's Dan , I be buster — buster scrugg . and third place — surly man buster scrugg ? the runt from reata pass ! he pull back the hammer on the gun , smile . surly man ( cont ’d ) ... and dis -pistole ! buster look at the gun , look at the man . buster I do hail from reata pass which be in the county of San saba , bein 's the which - a- why '' the San saba songbird '' be m’sobriquet of preference . but right now I would appreciate it if you would place you weapon in that receptacle by the swingin door , which concealin’ it on you person in the first place be a violation of the rule of this establishment and a offense against local norm . the surly man chuckle . he aim the gun toward the middle of buster 's chest . surly man and if pn I do not ? buster raise one leg and stamp smartly on the near side of the table . the far side flip up , knock the man 's gunhand upward to discharge into he face . the table settles and the hand drop , still clutching the gun . the surly man 's face be half shot away . buster stamp two more time in quick succession , slamm the gunhand up for two more shot . the frenchman be spatter with blood . the ceiling get a splat of blood and brain . the man linger on he foot long enough for we to look at he chew - away face , then drop . a hard man nearby look on in shock . he be ike . ike joey ...? he rush over to the body . buster address the camera . buster T be not a devious man by nature but when you be unarm you tactic might gotta be downright archimedean . he look around . buster ( cont 'd ) .. now what happen to the music ? the piano start up again . buster go over to place a foot up on the piano stool and join the bowlere , cigar- chomping piano player in a raucous song , '' surly Joe the gambler . '' the whole saloonful of rakehell and baw join in on the chorus . we intercut ike kneel beside the face - shot gambler , cradling he head and try to mop the ever - flow blood from he face with a bandana . ike pause occasionally , weep , to wring blood from the bandana . it be sad visual counterpoint to the joyously upbeat song . finally ike 's keen voice break up the music : ike Joe ! surly Joe ! he 's gawn ! we have a-lost be ! he lurch tearfully over to buster . ike ( cont 'd ) ... you kilt my brother , you cowardly , sonofabitch ! gun ' im down when he be not hardly lookin’ ! buster I can cut you a little slack , grievin 's as you be , but the fact be buster scrugg do not shoot nobody in the back and that sorry sack a bone be more in the nature of a suicide . 10 . ike be take aback . ike you be buster scrugg ?! the West Texas twit ? for the first time buster lose he smile . everyone around tense . buster clear he throat and , with a effort , recover he smile . buster presume you mean to say '' the West Texas tit '' — on account of that p’ticular bird 's mellifluous warble . ike call yerself any damn name you please ! I wanna see you outside — wearin’ iron ! ext . SALOON - day buster be step down off the boardwalk into the street , address the camera . buster thing have a way of escalatin’ out here in the West with one thing leadin’ to another , but I think I can make pretty short work of this ramify ol 's sonofagun . in the deep background , plant in the middle of the street , ike bellow : ike scrugg ! scru-u-u-u-u-uggs ! I be a-callin’ you out ! buster well hang in there , pardner , I just need to buckle on this toolbelt here . he finish do so . ike be poise , right hand hover at he holster . buster smile at he . 11 . buster ( cont 'd ) ... be ya ready ? ike ready ! buster be ya set ? ike set! buster ya need you a count ? ike na ’sir ! in less time than it take to tell , buster draw and fire . oddly , ike scream but do not drop . he raise he right hand — gout blood from where the index finger use to be . buster hard to trigger with they other finger , but ... he fan the hammer , shoot four more time . tke 's hand : he other three finger be shot off in quick succession , follow by he thumb . on the dusty street , the digit plop to the ground . buster ( cont 'd ) .. you cai not be too careful . ike , scream , look at he stumpy hand spew blood . he start to reach awkwardly with he leave hand for he right -holster gun . buster ( cont 'd ) uh-oh . look like when they make this fella they forget to put in the quit ! lemme see here , five finger at a bullet a piece , I be not get but the one bullet leave . for some reason buster turn to face the other way up the street , present he back to scream ike. 12 . Close on buster we can see ike small in the background , twist he hip and reach across he body to clumsily start withdraw he gun . buster ( cont ’d ) sure hope I do not miss . buster take a small mirror out of he pocket with he leave hand . he hold it up to sight in as he aim he gun upside - down and backwards over he right shoulder . buster ( cont 'd ) ... lesee , he heart have be on the leave side but the mirror put it right , cepting for we be face the same way and the gun be upside down . so , um ... ike have he gun out and raise it , scream . buster ( cont 'd ) . maybe it 's best not to play it fancy . bam ! ike pitch backward into the street . there be a hole in the middle of he chest . buster scrugg enter a low shot to gaze down at the body . he remember the mirror he still hold and , as he start to pocket it : buster ( cont 'd ) Cause for reflection — heh -heh . well , this whole entire episode put I in mind of a song . he suck in he breath but before it can issue out in song we hear someone else 's sing , faint but sweet . surprise , buster look around for the source of the sing . Riding up the road be a handsome young man accompany himself on guitar as he sing . buster walk over to meet the oncoming rider who finish he song and put up he guitar . the kid buster scrugg ? 13 . buster the same . you get a mighty sweet singin’ voice , pardner . the kid that 's high praise — from the San saba songbird , Herald of demise . buster smile , flatter on a point of pride . the rider return a innocent smile . the kid ( cont 'd ) ... Mr. scrugg , I be huntin’ you on account a they say you be the one to beat , a-singin’ and a-slingin’ gun . ext . STREET - day a minute later . buster sadly shake he head as he pace into the foreground , push bullet into he six -shooter . buster another young fella with something to prove . behind he in the background a couple of man be drag ike 's corpse away by the ankle , and the young man be take he place in the middle of the street . buster ( cont 'd ) I gotta set m’self up in the undertake bidnis—stop doin’ all the skillwork so 's another man can profit . he turn , have reload and holster he gun . he murmur to himself , stare at he new antagonist : buster ( cont ’d ) .. but then , do I wanna wear a black suit . from off : the kid you need a count ? buster chuckle . 14 . buster na’sir — blam ! buster blink , puzzle . buster ( cont 'd ) ... hold ona second . he look down . his right hand be relaxed , empty , next to he still holster gun . he look up the street . the young man stand set in place , gunhand extend before he , other hand back as counterbalance , smoke wafting from he gunbarrel . buster squint at he . he look down at he own chest when : a red droplet hit the snowy white of he tunic . buster try to sort this out . he reach for he hat . he hold it up before himself to inspect it . the front of the crown show a bullet hole . he tip the hat , front brim upward , so as to look inside . the inside back of the crown show a exit hole . spray around it be blood and a bit of brain . buster ( cont 'd ) well now that be not good . he look up . the young man be still plant . the gunsmoke have dissipate . buster take out he handmirror . he examine himself in it . there be a hole center high in he forehead . in the reflection , he drop away , quickly follow by hand and mirror . from behind the young man 's hip : he twirl and holster he gun . in the background we see the sole of buster scrugg boot and he body stretch away . High on buster scrugg , on he back in the street , sightlessly stare . oddly , he voice continue in the same present tone : 15 . buster ( cont 'd ) I guess I shoulda see this comin 's ... the young man enter a low shot to gaze down at the body . he start to sweetly sing . back to the high shot of buster . while he corpse remain roote to the street and blood begin to pool out from under he head , he soul begin to separate , rise off he body in the same white get - up but with wing sprout out the back . his soul , semi - transparent , continue the speech : buster ( cont 'd ) ... roam and ramble though you might , eventually you be gonna come acrost some sonofagun who sing a little sweeter and draw a little faster . buster 's soul start to sing , harmonize with the sweet - swinging cowboy . at the end of the verse , the cowboy continue sing but buster 's soul have more to say : buster ( cont 'd ) ... I do not know as I believe in a divinity shapin’ we end and numberin’ we day . but I do believe I be a-head for a hereafter ... the young cowboy go over to he rail - hitched horse , still sing . buster ( cont 'd ) ... why heck , ifthere war not a place where man be not low - down and poker 's play fair , then what be all the song about ? the young man unhitch he horse and swing aboard . buster ( cont 'd ) ... I b’lieve the music come from that higher place ... the young man swing he guitar up and head out , riding with one leg up on the pommel and he guitar rest on the leg , strumm as he sing . we be rise higher , higher , with the ascend soul of buster scrugg . 16 . buster ( cont ’d ) ... an’ at 's where I be off to , to trade my gui-tar for a lyre and sing that sweet song where they be not no clinker to sour the spell and cai not no gunplay inter-trude . tl see all of you sonofagun in the bye and bye and we can sing they sweet air together , and shake we head over all that meanness in the use - to - be . he resume he harmony part as the young cowboy recede below , leave town , a tiny figure enter the vast desert , he distant voice echoing off the sandstone formation . as the sing voice fade into the sound of a moan wind we dissolve to : the last line of we tale in print on the page , which be then turn to the title page of the next story : '' pan-shot ! '' cry the old man . 17 . near algodone | nder the wind we hear now the steady clunk of a piece of wood knock against a heavy object . turn again to another full page illustration : we be look across a dusty expanse toward a low - sling adobe structure that stand alone in a endless expanse of high desert . in the mid-foreground a short , fat man in a dirty union suit , be run toward we , prancing , almost airborne . he hold a double - barrel shotgun at the ready . pot and pan be drape over he body , twine thread the handle -hole . one large pot sit helmetlike upside - down on he head . we travel down to the caption below the illustration : '' Pan -shot ! '' cry the trapper . dissolve from the illustration to : ext . prairie - day we be pan the horizon . it be fat , windswept , vast , empty . the sky be a dismal gray . it be the western edge of the great Plains . we pan eventually find and settles on a small adobe building , the only bump on the measureless horizon . a weathered wooden sign above its door identify it as the first federal bank & trust of tucumcari . swing beneath it and clunking against the top of the door be a smaller handpaint sign , apparently put up as afterthought : 4nd notary . take it in , eye crinkling against the wind , be a man in a ankle - length duster , hold the rein of a mount that stand behind he . from somewhere , a creak sound . the man 's eye shift : a well . the bucket suspend over it creak back and forth . a sign handpaint on jag scrapwood be nail to its canopy : bad water . the horse nervously nicker . the cowboy drop the rein and start forward . 18 . int . bank - day the cowboy enter . the one-room structure be empty except for a trapper with white hair and mustache behind the teller 's bar , hand plant on the counter . he wear a black eyeshade and black sleevegarter . the cowboy walk to the counter , spur jingling . cowboy awful big name for a little place like this . teller it 's a comfort to the depositor . the cowboy look around . cowboy .. what depositor ? teller oh , we get folk from over Val Verde , chloride , tucumcari itself of course — why , the whole entire three - county area . Hell , we even have a run on the bank once 't , warnt purty . have to hop up on the counter here with m’scattergun , talk the folk down . well , that 's banking . he chuckle , shaking he head . teller ( cont 'd ) ... crazy business . crazy business . cowboy ever be rob ? teller oohh yeah , sure enough have . two time . attempt , I should say . one fellow I shot dead — bingo ! — the other I hold for the marshal , both he leg be shred some , have to lock he in the vault there , marshal do not come through but once’t a month and he have just visit the previous week , have to billet the scamp for what , three week , applyin’ a poultice of wet leave 'o urine . he 's in yuma now , bustin’ rock , still a little grumpy from what they say . fella by the name of chevilly unless I misremember , say he papa be from fr— France — fr—from—fff ... 19 . his voice trail off and he stare in silence . the cowboy be point a six - gun at he . the prairie wind moan . the teller 's jaw , relieved of its service to speech , hang open . the cowboy toss a burlap sack over the bar . cowboy money in the sack . the teller gaze owlishly . finally he sigh and he jaw resume operation . teller ... okay . okay , ya get I , young feller , ya get I fair 'o square . the large denomination ... he be stooping behind the counter . his voice continue , off : teller ( cont 'd ) .. I gotta stoop fer ... a silence . the cowboy frown . the unmistakable clack of a shotgun-prime . the cowboy 's eye widen . he take a nimbly evasive step down the counter as — roar !— wood from the base of the counter splinter outward where he have just be stand . roar ! — another explosion further along . the cowboy grab the bar at one end of the counter and hoist himself . he stand perch on the counter lip , hugging the bar . the shotgun continue to roar . he scale the bar and drop to the counter 's far side . the shotgun have fall silent . drifting gunsmoke . Inside , no sound . outside , the moan of the prairie wind . the cowboy look down at the duckboard behind the counter : empty . the teller have fle — somewhere . 20 . the cowboy drop to the back floor . his bootheel clomp and he spur jingle as he walk the cage 's length . he stoops , start stuff bill into he sack . ext . bank - day door creaking open at the cut with a rusty-hinged whine . the cowboy peek out the bank 's front door , sack in one hand , gun in the other . his point-of-view show the great empty plain . his horse placidly crop the grass . wind moan . the bucket creak over the well . the cowboy hesitates , tense , and — push off , head for he horse . boom ! — a shotgun blast kick up dirt at he foot and the cowboy drop he moneysack and tuck and roll to take cover behind the well housing . his horse nicker nervously and trot a few pace further out onto the prairie . it tentatively stop — a good thirty yard away , over expose ground . the cowboy hiss at it and wave a hand inward . the horse look at he speculatively . its ear flick . the cowboy look toward the windblown adobe structure . no sign of life . very present , the creak of the bucket over the well . the cowboy look at the sack of money abandon in no - man 's land . the wind stir the mouth of the sack . bill flutter and rise like bee leave a hive and then twist away in the breeze . the adobe structure , still . the cowboy , tense . the bank 's front door burst open and the old teller boil out , cackle maniacally , wave he shotgun . there be now something strange about he get - up which seem to be clanking as he run . the hunch cowboy fire at he over the well wall . clang ! 21 . teller Pan shot ! the teller gallop on , cackle , anrd — boom !— fire he shotgun . it take a divot out of the wellwall . the cowboy shoot again : clang ! teller ( cont 'd ) Pan shot ! the teller have pot and pan drape over he body , twine thread the handle -hole . one large pot sit helmetlike upside - down on he head . the cowboy rise , fire — clang ! clang ! clang ! boom ! a shotgun blast smack the cowboy 's shoulder and twist he , send he gun fly into the dust . he look from he lose gun up toward the teller just as that cackle figure arrive a-clank , swinging he shotgun - butt up and at we to send we thud into black long hold on black ext . hanging tree - day slow fadein a black figure . Soft -focus and gently rock . a echoing voice : voice do you have anything to say ... very close on the cowboy : he eye squint open . he too be gently rock , as ifon a becalm boat . the voice repeat , with a little less echo : voice ( cont 'd ) do you have anything to say ? the cowboy lick parched lip . a raspy : cowboy ... what ? 22 . he work he eye . the black figure come slowly into focus . it be a man in black clothes and cowboy hat . he be in treeshade but the open prairie behind he bake in blind noonday sun . his gentle irregular movement come from the shifting of the horse he sit astride . man in black do you have anything to say ? before sentence be carry out . wider on the cowboy : there be a noose round he neck . its rope stretch up to a treelimb overhead . the cowboy 's shoulder be back , he hand tie behind . his gentle bob match the other man 's —he , too , sit ahorse . cowboy what 's ... 'o sentence ? guffaw . there be other man , four of they , also mount . the man in black look reprovingly at he companion , then back at the cowboy . man in black Son , we hold you some proceedin 's here for attempt bank robbery . you be off yer nut feverish for most of the goin' - on but it be a fair trial like we do here in New Mexico . this peer convict ya , I pronounce a sentence of death , and we find we this tree . now 's you opp 's tunity to speak you piece before sentence be carry out . cowboy well ... he lick he lip . cowboy ( cont 'd ) ... that pan -cover sonofabitch back at the bank do not hardly fight fair , in my opinion . the man in black nod respectfully . man in black okay . that it ? 23 . cowboy well ... I reckon it be . silence . creaking rope . one member of the posse have a think : man can I have yer horse ? the cowboy consider . another posse member pipe up : second man no , I . the ad hoc judge look from he posse to the cowboy . man in black you wanna give one of this boy yer horse ? it will save scrappin’ over it after you have pass . cowboy I do not want any of ‘em to have it . the first man growl : man selfish bastard . thip ! a arrow pierce this man 's neck . he gurgle and reach up , eye wide . a comanche war party whoops in on horseback as the man try to pull the arrow from he neck . he manage only to break the shaft . the other man be draw gun . they horse rear , wild - eye . cowboy whoa ... easy ... the noose cowboy try to calm the horse stir beneath he as the battle boil around . the judge have two six - gun out and be fire to either side . a posse member nearby be mace off he horse by one gallop brave and then lance by another . he rise with the lance stick out of he , its feather aflutter , and fire at the brave flash by until a indian tomahawk he down from behind . 24 . the cowboy 's horse buck and stamp . the cowboy anxiously squeeze the flank of the panicked horse with he knee and , awkwardly lean back to ease pressure on he throat , roll he eyeball leave and right to goggle at the battle raging round . a posse member kick down at a indian afoot who be try to pull he from he mount . he fire down at the indian as another brave sawhorse- vault up onto the rump of he horse and slit he throat from behind . the judge be finally st.- sebastianed full of arrow and tumble off he horse , he fall snap arrowshaft . unmounted now , the horse take off , take the stirrup - tangle body of the judge on a prairie sleigh ride , and graze the strung - up cowboy 's horse as it gallop past . cowboy ( go ’d ) whoa ... easy there ... through the dust and the gun smoke another posse member , barely alive be grab from behind by a brave as he take out he knife to scalp he . the cowboy 's horse be stamp . cowboy ( cont ’d ) easy ... from the noose cowboy 's perspective the doing be obscure as the scalping indian finish he work . another indian who by he warbonnet and bear seem to be chief turn he attention from the battle , now win . he ease he horse over to face the cowboy . the chief look impassively at the cowboy , down at he skittish horse , up at the rope that stretch to the treelimb , size thing up . the cowboy look at the chief . the chief look at the cowboy . the chief suddenly make a booga-booga noise , eye saucer - wide , spread he arm to shake he feathered lance with one hand and a medicine - rattle with the other . the cowboy 's horse stamp and shift . the rope pull taut . cowboy ( go ’d ) whoa ... the chief screech with laughter and saw he horse around and gallop off . the war party , finish with the posse , be mount up as well . whoop and holler , the Indians recede . 25 . wide. body about . one man still moan . the noose cowboy under the tree lean back in he saddle to give the rope what play there be to be have . dissolve : ext . hanging tree - later the noose cowboy be lean even further back . with a motion of he horse the cowboy 's throat get cinched tighter . he roll he eye to look down at the animal . cropping the grass placidly enough , it have eat everything at its foot and have take a step forward . it continue to nibble . the wounded man be still moan . the cowboy 's eye roll toward he . dissolve : ext . hanging tree - later long sun . the wounded man be now silent . much insect - buzz around he . the cowpoke be now stretch to the extremity . the horse pull up a bit of grass and raise its muzzle , chew . it swallow . it take a short step forward . cowboy nnongh ... the cowboy 's body , head now cant steeply back , can move no further . munch from the horse . now , a new sound . the cowboy 's eye roll . enter he point- of-view : a steer . trailed by another . more and more hoofbeat . many steer . a whipcrack and a '' haw ! '' cowboy ( cont 'd ) nnnnngh ! the lone drover enter he point-of-view . cowboy ( cont 'd ) ( more urgently ) nnnnngh ! the drover slow and then heave to , take in the tableau of gore . 26 . after a stare beat he spur he horse toward the scene . he dismount . he wander among the body with smashed head , slashed throat , pin - cushion torso . after a long stare beat look up at the cowboy . drover comanch ? cowboy nnngh . the drover nod understanding . he take he six - gun out and sight on the rope . he fire . and miss . at the report the cropping horse whip its head up and stamp forward . the cowboy be unsaddle and start to slide down the horse 's rump . the horse snort and advance . the cowboy 's ass slip off the horse 's rump and he swing . drover aw , damme . he sight again on the swinging rope and fire . a miss . the cowboy continue to swing . the drover call out : drover ( cont 'd ) ... hold still ! he fire again . again a miss . Three shot in quick succession . the last one tell : the rope be half - severe . frayed twinage ravel down and the cowboy drop . ext . range - later the two man ride side - by-side , drive the cattle . drover and the other cowboy say , well I be over xoa bar q triangle wavy line two - dot backward W pawprint triple Z ranch . an’ the first ol 's boy say , sound like a big spread — lotta head a cattle ? and that second boy say nope . not too many survive the brandin’ . — haw haw haw ! 27 . we cowboy smile and nod to acknowledge that it be a hell of a funny story . the drover chatter on : drover ( go ’d ) ... I sure do appreciate you helpin’ with this beeve . they two compajieros I hire vhelp walk ‘em vabilene start grousin 's ' bout the wage once the weather turn hot 'o finally they leave out be how I come t’be here by my lonesome . that 's what ya call a foul - weather friend I tell ya . they boy do not understand first thing about sidekickin’ . maybe you could sidekick up with I on a permanent basis , this drive work out . ya seem trust - worthy enough be why I make the proposition . why a sidekick should be a reliable man , that 's the whole nature of the sidekick . like you watch my back 'o I watch yourn , you get to rely . fr’instance I be walkin’ a fence one day at the purvis tinkney spread when I come across’t a... ae . his voice trail off as he gaze fix on : a plume of dust ahead . the drover work he mouth . drover ( cont ’d ) .. damme . discernible now , a group of man on horseback , gallop toward we . the drover abruptly rein he horse around and spur it to a pound gallop in the opposite direction . we cowboy look at the drover as he rapidly recede , side - to- side quirting he mount . the cowboy look around at the approach horseman . as he sit puzzle , look from one direction to the other , the thunder of the approach horseman build . 28 . ext . town STREET / SALOON - day the cowboy he be shove forward , hand tie behind he back . a dusty town street . before he , a boardwalk front a saloon . upon it , look down at he , a man with a great droop mustache . he sit behind a makeshift table of planking support by two upright barrel . he wear buckskin pants and a side- buttone tunic from a old confederate uniform . his feel hat be age and stain . his mustache bear trace of meal eat long ago . the man who shove the cowboy , a bailiff of sort , now knock the hat off he head . bailiff no hat inna presence of judge hobby . judge what would this sonofabitch do ? cowboy Sir , I — the bailiff smack the cowboy . bailiff hold yer tongue . ( to the judge ) sumbitch 's a stock rustler . the judge hold up a reproving finger . judge allege . bailiff yes yer honor . cowboy Sir , I do not — the bailiff smack the cowboy . bailiff hold yer tongue . ( to the judge ) he be catch drivin’ rustle beeve . 29 . judge good enough . hang ‘im . cowboy Sir , I never — the bailiff smack the cowboy . bailiff hesh . quiet there . judge T do not wanna hear a lot a damn excuse . cowboy no , sir — judge ora lot a damn '' punishment fit the crime . '' I be runnin’ a one-size-fit - all kind of jurisprudence here I be not get time to tailor . cowboy no sir , but — judge okay , next . Holy God ! I have waste enough time with this sonofabitch . ya think yer the only one ?! ext . gallow - day the cowboy stand on a four- banger gallow with three other man . all have they hand tie behind and wear noose . the cowboy be gaze out at the crowd . prompt by a noise , he look at the condemn man next to he . the grizzle man be whimper , terrify . Beyond he , at the far end of the line of condemn , the hangman slip a black hood over the furthest man and then proceed to the next . the cowboy , himself calm , give the man next to he a smile somewhat patronize . cowboy first time ? 30 . the man glance at he , too scared to be puzzle . the hangman arrive at the man and start to hood he . the cowboy give a wry cock of the head . he look back out at the crowd . his point- of-view : a sea of face . one in particular : a bonnete , beautiful young woman , the face of a saint . she look at the man about to be hang with a expression of bottomless sadness . to himself : cowboy ( cont 'd ) there 's a pretty girl . back to he point- of - view of the woman . it be wipe away when he hood be sweep down to bring on black . the hood amplify the cowboy 's breathe and muffle the sound of the crowd and the whimper of the next man over . the sound continue briefly in black until we hear the clack of the trapdoor and a very present SNAP : it stop the breathe . we hear the roar of the crowd . dissolve to : the last line of the story : '' ... and then the sound of the roaring crowd , fade fast . '' the page turn as we hear the crowd 's roar fade into a howling wind and the paper be turn to a title page : '' the quality of mercy be not strain , it droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven . '' 31 . meal ticket and then to a new illustration : 7 '' be close on the face of a man orate . his face be paint with stage make - up , he hair coiff in a roman style . he be under - light by the warm glow of stage light and he eye be cast heavenward . we travel down to a caption at the bottom of the page : '' the quality of mercy be not strain , it droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven . '' a swell of music under the howling wind and we dissolve to : ext . high country - day a horse - draw cart rattles along in a very wide shot . a laden pack mule trail it on a lead . we be in the mountain go over a windswept pass . on the man drive the cart : a irishman of later middle age in a moth - eat fur coat . his eye water as he squint into the wind . the cart : a boxy thing whose plank side bear carny - style illustration and florid lettering weathered well down . the lettering identify the cart as thalia 's sedan . the illustration be of great scene from the history of drama — actor declaim in elizabethan garb , in Greek mask , in costume of the orient and the Nile and cadiz , crossing sword , address bust , kissing damsel . another landscape : the horse and cart and trail mule clatter through a shallow stream . ext . town STREET - day the cart clatter along a mining - town street . a handbill be tack to a wall . the artistry of Edwin Horatio Harrison tragedian , comedian '' the wingless thrush '' 32 . perform '' the quality of mercy '' great monologue & Dramatic verse source various 8:30 this night at hand-scribbled after the last print word : behind mccormack 's feedlot . ext . behind mccormack feedlot - night a boom arm be swing out from its nest in the lower chassis of the horsecart . the cart wall be unpin at its two top corner and lower like a table - leaf to rest upon the project boom arm . more insert on the irishman continue he preparation : five piece of tin cowling be place at the forward edge of the lower leaf . a candle be put into each piece of cowling . a sashcord be pull to unfurl a paint drop at the back of the project leaf : the drop show a vaguely medieval castle , stone step , battlement , sky . straw be scattered upon the makeshift stage . a roughhewn sawhorse-stand be scissore open and plant on the stage . something bound in burlap be wedge into it . sashcord be pull to lower a curtain before the stage , just upstage of the candle housing . the candle be light . now people be gather . they seat themselves on the ground around the cart-stage , murmure in anticipation . the irishman survey the crowd . he pull out a pocketwatch and flip its cover . he consider . he repocket the watch . he grab a piece of cord and start to pull . the curtain : it start to center - part , the two halve gather by cinchcord . the crowd gasp . 33 . the irishman 's hand quickly wrap the curtain cord around a belay wingbolt . the crowd , stunne . the irishman , impassive . silence . finally , from the stage , a voice : voice when to the session of sweet silent think ... the voice be full , flut , euphonious in the manner of a air-sawe shakespearean actor of old . voice ( cont ’d ) ... I summon remembrance of thing past ... we cut to the owner of the voice . he do not in fact see the air , for he have no hand — no arm — no leg . Edwin Horatio Harrison be but head and torso . his body be wrap in a burlap tunic of sort that be pin at the shoulder and below the waist . he be wedge into the scissor-stand to face the crowd . he gaze into the distance as he continue to declaim : voice ( cont 'd ) .. I sigh the lack of many a thing I seek , and with old woe new wail my dear time 's waste ... the crowd stare , wide - eye . a montage of the show . we see part of various speech — '' be this a dagger I see before I , '' '' four-score and seven year ago , '' '' I meet a traveler in a antique land ... '' intercut be the listen crowd , rough man and rougher woman , weathered face lift toward the stage , awed by the beauty of the poetry . the close monologue be '' we revel now be end . '' during it the irishman pass through the crowd with a hat , accept money with murmured '' t’anks very much , '' '' God bless you , '' etc . ext . campfire - night later . the firelight fall off to flicker dimly on the park wagon and the hobble horse placidly cropping grass . nearer the fire , on either side of it , the irishman and Harrison 34 . eat supper . the seat irishman use a knife to stab piece of meat from he plate . Harrison lie on he side , head craning to mouth food off he plate like a dog . a long beat of eat . sound of chew and lipsmack . Harrison 's plate be now empty . he gaze across the fire at the irishman who continue to eat . harrison .. more meat . the irishman stare at Harrison . at length he rise grudgingly to he foot . he cross to Harrison and scrape a few piece of meat from he plate onto the torso 's . he return and sit . the man , eat . ext . countryside - day Wide on the irishman lead the cart - pull horse by the rein , through a snow - over road . Inside the cart : Harrison ride just behind the front bench , wedge in by a duffle of necessary . ext . another town - day the handbill tack up in another town . the location scribble at the bottom : johansson 's lower pasture . at the wagon : close on the artist as the irishman 's hand enter to apply the finish touch on he make -up . the hand withdraw , re-enter with a mirror . the artist appraise . ext . johansson 's lower pasture - night the irishman be tense behind the cart , hold a large sheet of tin bow against the ground . from the stage on the other side of the cart we hear Harrison 's voice : 35 . harrison and it come to pass , when they be in the field , that cain rise up against abel he brother and slew he ... this be the irishman 's cue . he make shudder the tin which emit the sound of roll thunder . harrison ( cont ’d ) ... and the Lord say unto cain , where be abel thy brother ... we cut to the stage as Harrison continue he recitation through the dramatically building thunder . later we hear '' we revel now be end '' as the irishman wind through the audience . irishman bless you , sir ... t’ank you ... later : the irishman be chink coin back into he hat , tally the take . his look be grim . ext . mountain stream - day High on the wagon splash through a stream run down a mountain gorge . ext . campfire # 2 - night snow fall . the irishman hold a spoonful of soup to Harrison 's lip . Harrison blow across it , slurp it in . the irishman dip the spoon , raise it again . ext . trailside - day the stop cart and wait horse be soft in the background . in the foreground the irishman stand strain as he hold Harrison out in front of he at the height of he own chest , the two man face the same way . they be cropped midbody but we can tell from the loose hang of Harrison 's burlap tunic that it be uncinch at the bottom . 36 . the irishman look off , grimace under the weight he support . Harrison look steeply down . we hear water spattering against ground . ext . performance - night another night , another town : the artist perform the familiar poem and monologue . ext . campfire # 3 - night we be on Harrison watch apprehensively as we hear the irishman sing , loudly . we cut to the irishman across the fire . he clutches a bottle in one hand . the word of he old irish song be slur . his head bob and dip . for the first time that we have see he be smile . the smile be ghastly . he finish the song and punctuate by hurl the bottle into the fire , where it shatter . he rise tipsily to he foot . irishman we be goin 's into town . int . sporting - house - night the irishman , lead by a boozily laugh baw , climb a staircase that ascend from the main floor to a door-line mezzanine gallery . the irishman laugh as he stagger upward , impair by liquor and burden by Harrison whom he carry in a basket tote santa-style on he back . Harrison scowl . int . sporting -house bedroom - night a corner of the room : Harrison be deposit on the floor . we be in a small private room — chair , bed , wood stand with basin . wider : the irishman and the baw laugh on . the baw plop onto the bed and start peel down she garter . the sway irishman take off he coat and start to shrug he suspender but stop short , eyeing Harrison . he go to Harrison and spin he basket so that he face the wall . we hold on Harrison , scowling , as laughter and sound of clothes - shed resume . 37 - fade out int . sporting -house bedroom - later harrison he be be swing around again to face out into the room . the baw sit on the bed , pull clothes back on . she stand and reach behind she back to button something and smile down at Harrison . address the irishman : bawd wanna buy you friend some lovin’ ? the irishman , lace he shoe , look up . the question seem to put he in ill humor . irishman I do not vink so . bawd he ever have any ? irishman .. once . ext . outskirt of town windy night Harrison perform as a raw night wind eddyy the stage straw and pelt the canvas back with grit . harrison when , in disgrace with fortune and man 's eye , I all alone beweep my outcast state ... the irishman , arm fold , lean against a corner of the cart , grimly surveying : the audience . a sparse six or eight people , hugging coat , clamping hat in place against the wind . harrison ( cont ’d ) ... and trouble deaf heaven with my bootless cry , and look upon myself and curse my fate ... the irishman lean forward and spit . 38 . later : quiet now . the audience , such as it be , have disperse . the irishman be pin up the stage leaf . his attention be catch by town noise bring in on the wind . he turn and look . the town 's one street stretch away from we vantage point just outside of town . midway down the street there be a saloon door out of which piano music weakly tinkle . further along a crowd of people be face away from we , toward some kind of outdoor stage . the crowd 's approve roar , which first attract the irishman 's notice , sound again . ext . town STREET - night the crowd we have jump around so that the crowd now face we , press in , all eye fix on the stage , off . the face be warmly light by footlight spill . approach from the dark background be the irishman , craning to see over the spectator 's head . another roar from the crowd . a audience member 's shout : man eighteen take away five ! a rough voice echoe : voice eighteen take away five . a long beat of suspense . all eye be train forward except for the irishman 's who , have join the crowd , look around , take in the audience and its delight . a plink sound . the audience again burst into cheer . reverse : another makeshift stage of build offa cart . paint canvase serve as stage back and festoon . they identify the act as gallus mathematicus . under the slogan '' genius of the barnyard '' and '' the peck pythagorean '' there be a depiction of a pince - neze chicken in academic robe and a mortarboard and tassel . a chalkboard behind the picture fowl be densely cover with equation and rune . upon the stage be a moth - eat old rooster . it have just peck a tin disc upon which be paint the number 13 — part of a array of numbered disc tack to a plank frame . the rooster strut jerkily back to the center of the stage and emit a D /ick-squawk . 39 . audience woman the sum of six and four ! a man at the side of the stage , musclebound , baldhead , with a large wax mustache , echoe : impresario the sum of six and four . the rooster stare out at the audience , head jerk this way and that , seem to fix different audience member with a look of perplexity or surprise . at length it turn and herky - jerk back to the number array , head bob . it pause . it snap its beak against the ten . loud cheer . ext . town STREET - later the audience be go , the cart close up . the irishman be count money into the hand of the impresario . the rooster , ina small wooden cage , emit a occasional squawk . irishman . he eat much ? ext . campfire # 4 - dawn a crackle breakfast - fire over which a coffeepot be suspend . aknife slit a open in a bag of bird seed . the bag be then tip over a small bucket . seed hiss into the bucket . the bucket be place before the rooster who be stake by mean of a ankle - cuff and line . the irishman plop down now before the fire , hold a tin coffee cup . he sip and then wrap both hand on the cup and stare into the fire . Harrison be also face the fire , a hardly - touch plate of grit to one side . he be stare at : the rooster , tapping at the seed in the bucket , then tapping at the seed spill on the ground around it . it pace jerkily to the short limit of its line , occasionally peck at the ground . it pause , look up , seem to return Harrison 's look . the irishman be as before , gaze thoughtfully at the fire . 40 . Harrison , look at the rooster . the rooster look back , then resume peck . the irishman gaze at the fire . after a long beat he toss the dregs of he coffee and rise . ext . SMALL river overlook - full day a picturesque high shot look down at a overlook on a small river . its fast - move water boil and gurgle . we hear the approach rattle and clank of the irishman 's wagon . it finish a tableau when it pull into frame and stop on the rise . the irishman pull its brake and climb down . on the irishman walk the bank . he be knotting a length of rope around a stone . he stop , look down into the river . he toss the stone and rope . his point - of-view : the stone and mess of trail rope hit the water together , the stone immediately sink . the rope float on the surface in a pattern that be peel away as the sink stone pull the rope down - until none remain . on the irishman , look . he start back to the wagon . on Harrison in the cart , look out the back . in he viewpoint vignetted by the cart 's tailgate and sidewall , the irishman appear , approach . he reach into the wagon , hoist Harrison , head back toward the river . the rooster , in its cage in the back of the wagon , look this way and that , blick - squawk , head aimlessly bob . ext . landscape - day later . the cart rattles along , small . very faintly , the squawk of the rooster . and in all that mighty sweep of earth he see no sign of man nor the handiwork of man . 41 . fade in on a new title page : all gold Canyon {7 - '' no the page turn to a new illustration : es we be at the very top of a monterey pine look out past the back of a man who have scale the tree and hug close to the trunk . though we be behind the man we can see from the crook of he arm that he have raise he hand to shield he eye from the sun . the vista beyond be of mountain range that seem to stretch on forever , fall away one behind the other , fade into the hazy light . we move down to the caption below the picture : and in all that mighty sweep of earth he see no sign of man nor the handiwork of man . dissolve to : ext . a canyon - midday a stream burble down the middle of the canyon , descend from a pool . a meadow cover in grass and wildflower rise from one side of the pool , ascend to a scree of rock that end at the canyon wall . we cut to a bee hum over and dip toward the bell of one of the flower in the meadow . a ball of gnat boil into and out of the shade of a shrub . a hummingbird arrive at a flower and hover . in the pond stand a deer , a many - antler buck . he dip he head , drink . Silver minnow waggle in the water in formation , feed on alga , little disturb by the deer drink nearby . at the spout of the pond , where it feed the stream , water gurgle out , lightly splash over the rock that form the bottleneck , the spray glint in the sun . a owl perch at the top of a tall pine survey the canyon below . suddenly the lightest breeze spring up , give the tree a bit of life . the owl cock its head . with the breeze we hear the distant sound of a sing voice . 42 . the deer lift its head from the pool and look down - canyon . the stream disappear below a curtain of vegetation — brush and shrub and pine tree — that close off the view . Beyond that middleground curtain be a further one compose of rise rockface . we be in a contain space , hide from the rest of the world , a box canyon . we hear the sing voice a little more clearly : we can now make out word over the breeze in the tree : voice sure I love the dear silver that shine in you hair , and the brow that 's all furrowd and wrinkle with care ... the deer stare , water drip from its muzzle , then bolt . the silver minnow dart away . the owl take clumsy flight . they can hear clip-clopping horse 's foot now , down -canyon , under the continue sing : voice ( cont ’d ) ... I kiss the dear finger so toil - wear for I , oh , god bless you and keep you ... ext . canyon - day the curtain of vegetation be messily parte by a man lead a donkey . both man and beast be stiffly brush by the scrub as they push through , the pack and paraphernalia on the donkey clack and jangling as they come through . there be clanking pot , pan , pick , shovel , miner 's pan , all disarranged by they noisy entrance into the canyon . man ... my mother machree . the man — a vigorous geezer — have stop , the donkey stop also , silence now prevaile , for all of the animal noise native to the canyon have also disappear . the man be stare intently up - canyon , take by something . his point- of-view : the pond feed the stream , which we pan down to the foreground . 43 . a tilt of the geezer 's head . still look : the side-hill , rise from the pond . the man turn he head side to side : the canyon wall , funnel to the side hill and the pond in turn . the man , still stare , ruminatively gather saliva and , still look out , spit . man ( cont 'd ) huh ! the donkey bray softly . in response : he start back toward the donkey but take only two step before abruptly stop and look back over he shoulder , just confirm , with a still beat , that the canyon have not change and be not about to . thus reassure he go to the donkey and unhook a shovel and a shallow pan . he climb to the pond , eyeing the stream as he pass it . he dip he head to the pondwater and drink . he raise he head and , as he absently wipe he chin with he sleeve , look down - canyon at the stream . a stare beat and then with a grunt he rise and swipe he shovel and pan from the ground . man ( cont 'd ) we will see ... we will see ... he go to the most upstream point of where the sidehill touch the stream . he dig a small shovelful of soil from the bank and dump it in the pan and then squat at the side of the stream . balance over he heel he dip the pan into the stream and raise it out and swishes it . he keep dip the pan and swish it and lighter soil rise to the top and be sloshed away by the deat circular movement . he pause the wash to rake out larger piece of gravel with he finger , then dip and swishes again to spill away more soil . a last swish and outfling of water disclose only the finest and heaviest black sand lining the pan-bottom like paint . he look at the pan . he raise it closer , squint . 44 . in the middle of the black gunk , the tiniest golden speck . no reaction from the man : stillness . he dip the pan twice more and swishes . he look : now , two gold speck . after a still beat he nod , then dip the pan up - and-downway into the stream and shake it back and forth , clean it . man ( cont 'd ) two . he snap two piece off some straw and plant the two stalk next to the hole bitten out of the ground by the shovel . he take two step downstream and dig another small spadeful of dirt into the pan and squat and start wash the content . more wash , rake out , wash , examine . finally : man ( cont ’d ) four. he wash the pan back - and -forth and then rise and snap off four piece of straw and plant they next to the new hole . he go two step further downstream and the shovel bite into earth . a hour later there be a line of shovel - hole along the stream bank . straw be plant by each hole , sparsest upstream , swell to a thicket of they seven or eight hole down , then diminish again towards the hole before which the man now squat , pan . his shirt be off . he have a farmer 's tan : very red neck end in a hard line of very pale torso , end in red hand . he be finish wash , and now examine the pan-bottom : one golden speck . he wash the pan , plant one stalk of straw , go downstream and dig and pan . now , nothing . he clamp he hand on he knee and rise . he look up the hill . 45 . man ( cont 'd ) all right Mr. pocket — I be a comin . you just set there , I be a comin . he go to the middle of the line of hole — the hole with the most straw - stalk next to it . as he do so : man ( cont ’d ) where be ye , Mr. pocket —right , leave , er straight up the middle ? no answer from the hill . man ( cont 'd ) ... well , we will see . his shovel bite into the earth a couple pace uphill of the richest streamside site . man ( cont 'd ) ... we will see . dusk the hole in the hill form a bendy triangle — the longest row of they lining the stream , the successively uphill row grow short , and pull to the right . the triangle be as yet incomplete , topless : the trapper have not quite reach the pinnacle , the focus of the gold . the trapper be rise out of a hole — which be waist - deep , the hole be deeper as they climb the hill . at the river he wash the pan . the end result : the pan-bottom be glitter with gold speck among the black , too many to count . man heh ! almost enough to keep ! he plunge the pan into the stream and waggle it , wash the gold away . he rise , stiff now . he look up at the canyon rim . there be radiance die at the point beyond which the sun have disappear . even breeze be stir the tree at the rim . man ( cont 'd ) all right ! I be gonna getcha . not today , but I be gonna getcha . you can not run away Mr. pocket ! 46 . as he go down to he pack horse : man ( cont 'd ) . pll catch up with you tomorra . T be old , but yer older ! he start unpack the horse . dusk the trapper have build a campfire . he sit before it eat , hum as he chew . his chew freeze for a beat as he stare into the fire , focus . then he resume chew again , chuckle . later - dusk he finish wrapping himself in a bedroll . a loud exhalation , a quiet beat . then , sudden and loud : man good night , Mr. pocket ! chuckle , then he roll over . wide by the hill the remain of fire , the man small . faint chuckle and a faint : man ( cont 'd ) ... ahh I . ext . stream - dawn the prospector stand in the middle of the stream , the leg of he stain union suit roll up to the height of the water . he jerk on a length of string and pull up a small silvery fish that twitches in the sunlight . look up at the ridge above he he notice the owl alight in the tall pine . the pine - day as the prospector , now fully dress , inch he way up the pine , step on smaller and smaller limb as he approach the top . he have a burlap sling around he neck . 47 . ata flap sound he look up . in low angle we see the owl , disturb by he approach , awkwardly take flight . back to the prospector , hair stir by breeze . a distant hoot . he look around , raise he hand to shadow he eye . the horizon . Mountain after mountain soften with distance and haze . nothing stir . he look down . a unfamiliar , high perspective on he hide canyon . the stream . the line of hole at its bank . the distant sound of the stream . he resume climb . at the nest the prospector arrive . five speckle egg , barely bigger than chicken egg . the prospector be carefully load they one by one in he burlap sling when something catch he look , arrest he egg-loading motion . the displace owl be perch on a tree maybe fifty yard distant . its gaze be fix on he . the prospector look at the owl , hand still arrest hold a egg . the owl look at he . the prospector relent : he place the egg he hold not in he sling but back in the nest , next to the lone egg he have not yet take . he mutter : prospector icai not do it ! he unload the egg already in he sling . prospector ( cont ’d ) .. damny . he consider . prospector ( cont ’d ) mebbe just one . he restore one egg to he sling and start he descent . 48 . prospector ( cont ’d ) ... how high can a bird count , anyway ... ext . canyon - day frying egg a egg and a small fish sizzle in the fry pan . the prospector eat , stare fixedly off as he chew . his point- of-view : the line of hole at the riverbank . the prospector , still chew . prospector yep ... yep ... he set the plate aside , rise : prospector ( cont ’d ) ya ready , Mr. pocket ? minute later he be in a hole further up the hill , a little more than halfway up a prospective triangle not yet define fully to the top by the progressively short line of hole . he claw small nugget from the earth now , wipe they and blow they clean of dirt , put they in a sack . prospector keeper now ... gettin to keeper ... later the sun be high . the prospector climb from a hole sweat , shirt off , further up the hill , he sack of nugget half - full . prospector lump 'o chunks ... lump 'o chunks ... he step back , look at the shape of he bendy , not - yet-finished triangle . 49 . he drop the sack , pick up the spade that be plant by the last hole , and walk up the hill refer to the downhill hole . a look back and forth and then he decisively plant the shovel at a spot : the presumptive apex of the triangle . prospector ( cont ’d ) ... right here ! I get the almighty cinch on you , Mr. pocket ! you be settin down there a-waitin for I ! he pick up a canteen , tip he head back and pour water over he sweat-stain face . he blink up at the hot sun . prospector ( cont ’d ) .. hold on sun , hold on . ''m almost there . later the prospector be almost neck - deep in a hole about five foot in diameter . he look up at the sun , closer now to the western ridge . he get down on he knee and claw through the dirt at the bottom of the hole . nothing but dirt and rock . stand again he work on the wall of the hole , widen it so he can swing a pick . later still the sun be lower . we see only the tip of the pick as it swing up above the lip of the hole at the apex of its arc . the hole be about eight foot deep now and the sun slant in at a steep angle . inside the hole - day as the pick bite into the soft earth . it strike something hard . the prospector grab the spade and start frantically shoveling the earth and toss it away . he drop the spade and sink to he knee and start paw at the dirt . a chunk come away in he hand . he swipe it clean : it be half rotten quartz , half virgin gold . prospector mother machree ! 50 . the quartz / gold seam come apart with just a little twist pressure from he hand . still on he knee he toss the huge gold chunk onto a burlap sack on the floor of the pit . he pull another chunk from the pit wall in front of hin— like the first , but even more of this one be gold . and another chunk . and another . prospector ( cont ’d ) hello Mr. pocket ! the pit , out of direct sunlight , be warmly light by the late sun filter in through the dust raise by he digging and claw . but now the light , animated by the motion of the dust , be subtly disturb . the prospector freeze . what be it ? not a shadow . be it anything ? whatever waver in the cloud of light and dust , be now still . we be very close on the prospector who face into the pit , only he eye turn back , not dare to turn he head . he think . after a long beat he eye return to the gold lump in front of he . more stillness . not know what to do , not want to turn around , he stiffly reach with one hand to brush dirt from the lump . when we cut from the lump to a close - up on he face it be a new , lower angle , show a out - of - focus figure stand at the lip of the pit , above and behind the prospector . the prospector clear he throat . he self - consciously whistle , attempt a show of nonchalance , tipping he head to admire the lump of gold . the soft silhouett figure above be silently reach something from he coat . we cut to a high angle over the man 's shoulder , the prospector below , face away from we , on he knee , whistling . motion in the body of the foreground man show he continue and then complete the action of get something from he coat . now he be still . back down to the prospector . we be now very close , he face fill the frame . the prospector be bead sweat , look at the lump , try to think what to do , not come up with anything . his whistling dry . in the quiet , a small , sad , shake of he head . a loud roar and he body slam down out of frame . he hit the ground and be still . renewed quiet . 51 . the man look down : a young man , almost a boy , clean -shaven , neater than the prospector , a six - gun smoking in he hand . he hold still , the stillness confirm that he prey be dead . at length he relax , he gun no longer point but he look still down at the body in the pit . the prospector 's limb be in a awkward tangle . he have the ragdoll attitude of a corpse . blood leak from he back . the shooter slowly seat himself on the lip of the pit , leg dangle . his eye still on the corpse he set the gun down and fish a roll paper and a tobacco-sack from he pocket . he curl the paper , tap in a line of tobacco , finish curling the paper , lick it shut , light it . as he inhale he look move , for the first time , off the prospector . it wander out over the stream and up the pine to where a shape move : the owl alight . even breeze stir the man 's hair . he give a long exhale of smoke , look back down into the pit . seeped - out blood cover the back of the prospector 's shirt . the shooter , he look unemotive , sigh , lick forefinger and thumb and tap they against the end of the cigarette , kill it . he put it back in he pocket , for later . he pick up the gun . he brace both arm against the lip and drop himself into the hole , he gun above he head as he let go of the edge . just as he land the prospector , twist with a wheeze roar of effort , grab the shooter 's ankle and upset he balance . the gun go off with a roar thudding into the side of the hole and fill it with smoke . collapsing at the bottom the shooter try to lower the gun but he wrist be grab and wrench to the side as the gun go off again . the two man tangle in the confine space a riot of flail limb . the prospector do not let go of the young man 's wrist even as he lower the gun to shoot . suddenly the prospector throw a handful of dirt into the shooter 's face and wrench the gun away . the shooter raise he other hand in front of he face to shield it just as , from offscreen , the gun roar again , the bullet pass through he hand and into he face , kill he . 52 . the prospector struggle wheeze to he foot , discharge the revolver two more time into the young man 's body . the gunsmoke rise and the last gunshot ring out to leave the prospector sobbing , look down at the dead man cover in blood . blood drip from the prospector as well , drain down the arm hold the gun still point at he assailant . prospector ( cont ’d ) ya measly skunk ! a-campin on my trail and lettin I do the work a then shootin I in the back ! he kick at the dead man 's foot . prospector ( cont ’d ) .. in the back ! sob and moan , he crawl out of the pit . ext . lip of the hole / stream - late day he claw he shirt off as he stagger downhill to the stream . prospector ... ya measly skunk ! he drop the gun at the riverbank and plow into the water . not deep enough : he do knee - bend to clear the blood so as to be able to examine he wound . he moan with pain and effort with each bob as he sloshes water against himself . the expose wound be in he midriff , to one side . he raise that arm and twist to look at the exit wound in he back . prospector ( cont ’d ) ... go clean through . do not hit nothing important . just gut ! just gut , ya measly skunk ! the shout be direct up the hill . the prospector revert to moan as he bob and slap water , clean the wound . he stagger out of the stream and go to he little campsite and pull some cloth out of a bag , yell uphill : 53 . prospector ( cont ’d ) ... do not worry , Mr. pocket , I will come back ! he rip a length of cloth and we cut on the rip . ext . hole - next morning early light . the hole . the dead shooter , cake with dirt and blood , lie at the lip of the topmost hole have be drag out . on the other side of the pit unclean lump of gold lie on the burlap bag . wheezing be audible within the pit . the prospector , now bandage , be inside . the pit 's uphill wall be now concave , the pocket of gold have be claw out . the prospector run a hand along the concave surface , look , pull out a clod , satisfy himself that it be little more than dirt . prospector okay ... okay ... he emerge from the pit . he plant a toe under the corpse and , with one hand clamp against he injure side to keep it compress while he strain , he roll the dead man into the pit . prospector ( cont ’d ) ... that 's yer share , ya measly skunk ! ext . canyon - day the load horse clank and jangling with pot and pan . it be now also load with two bulg burlap sack . prospector there 's a spot in I heart which nobody may own there 's a depth in my soul never sound or know ... the prospector be lead the horse through the downhill curtain of vegetation . 54 . prospector ( cont ’d ) there 's a place in my mem’ry — my heart — that you fill no other can take it no one ever will ... his sing voice fade as the shrub and branch close over he and he continue he descent unseen . High : the owl 's point - of - view of the canyon . the burbling stream , the hill beside it marre by the strange geometry of gouge hole . the distant voice fade to nothing . the sound of the canyon return . fade out myr. Arthur have no idea what he would say to billy knapp . 55 - as we dissolve to a new title page we hear the sound of distant bark : the gal who get rattled he page turn to a new illustration : wide on a roll prairie . in the painting a line of conestoga wagon recede into the distance ; a lone rider come from the wagon train be about to meet a man on foot , he back to we , who carry a winchester on he shoulder . he be trail by a small black terrier . we move down to the caption at the bottom of the picture : Mr. Arthur have no idea what he would say to billy knapp . we dissolve to : int . boarder 's dine room - night a yapping dog a little terrier wander beneath a long table , among the boot and high lace - up of the nine or ten diner . a male hand reach under the table with a scrap . the dog hurry to it . voice his cough do not respond to any kind of syrup or elixir ... at the table : a half - dozen border among whom be Gilbert and Alice longabaugh . Gilbert be just withdraw he hand from under the table . the speaker be a young salesman . salesman I buy he every kind of remedy , out of my own pocket . nothing palliate . although one of they he drank avidly . and it be a extremely rattly cough . no , I be not sad to see Mr. kincaid leave . landlady it be not a contagious cough . nobody here become ill . it be a nervous cough . I would not rent to a contagious cougher . 56 . salesman T have never hear of a nervous cough . ( turn to Mrs. longabaugh ) T understand you be about to leave we . landlady there be no medical affliction but that do not have a nervous variety . the nervous system spread its tendril throughout the body . I see a picture of it in a book . salesman the nervous system do not have '' tendril . '' landlady I do not pretend to be a physician , or a botanist . I know that the nervous system extend through the body and I presume that that be how it learn of the various physical condition that it imitate . another man Mrs. flannery be quite right , I have see that picture . landlady my point be only that Mr. kincaid be not a contagious cougher . I do not rent to such . middle - aged woman be there any more chicken and dumpling ? the bowl come to I last . landlady yes there be more ! we do not stint at this table . grandma Turner look to be finish . be you finish grandma Turner ! a old lady stare off , she mouth open . 57 - the landlady nod . landlady ( cont ’d ) ... grandma Turner be finish . salesman ( to Alice ) leave tomorrow ? jumping off the map , so to speak ? alice yes indeed , my brother and I be set offin the morning , for Oregon . salesman Oregon ! you have people there , or a — landlady just scoop from she plate , Mrs. halliday . grandma Turner be quite do . alice no , I , not exactly — that be , my brother do . gilbert well go ahead and tell he Alice , do not be tongue -ty . she have exciting news . alice I be ... I be to be marry . or at least I may be , to Gilbert 's ... associate . gilbert he 's well fix out there . the salesman can not quite make out the situation . he look at Alice , puzzle . salesman you be not certain whether you be go to be marry ? have the gentleman not propose ? 58 . alice well , he — Alice look up with embarrassment . gilbert he will propose . once they meet each other I be sure Alice will pass muster . the match be a good one . tm join he in a business opportunity . and he 's declare himself ready to marry when he find a suitable match . Alice can be very sociable and attractive when she have a mind to be . she do not always have a mind to be . landlady T think she be just the picture of charm and we will be so very sorry to see you go , miss longabaugh , you and Mr. longabaugh both . and of course Mr. longabaugh 's dog , little President pierce , bless he . where be he now ? ext . prairie - day day later we hear the steady yapping of a small dog but we be close on a ox , in harness . we lead the ox ; it be look past we with watery , sad brown eye . reverse : the wagon ahead . the terrier stand inside with its forepaw up against the tailgate , look out the back , steadily yapping . we can tell from its body that its tail be furiously wag . it be keep steady eye-contact with the ox behind . Alice trudge before the wagon in which the dog yap . she wear a broad-brimmed hat . Gilbert walk slightly ahead . ahead of both a young man , see only from behind , lead they team of oxen . after a long beat walk : alice Gilbert . gilbert yes , sister . the dog be still yapping , and indeed yap throughout . Alice be hesitant : alice two people have ask I about President pierce . gilbert ask ? alice well ... complain . gilbert about what ? alice the bark . gilbert indeed . why to you ? alice I believe they assume he be my dog . gilbert well I do not know what to say . President pierce be a nervous creature , and excited by animal larger than himself . alice almost all animal be larger than President pierce . gilbert ( nettle ) well what of it ? alice people be ... wonder if he will bark all the way to the willamette Valley . 59 . 60 . gilbert what if he do ? there be property rights . the dog be my property . my property bark . there you have it . they walk in silence . then : gilbert ( cont ’d ) what do you tell they ? alice ... well . not that . gilbert yes , I can only imagine what you say . Alice : sometimes you have to tell people what 's what . Gilbert raise he hand and cough into it , probably from the choke dust . ext . prairie - night day later night . on the prairie . Alice sit on the ground against a wagon wheel , in distress . her knee be draw up and she hand clamp either side of she head . she be hyperventilate . the little dog be near she , yapping up toward the wagon . from inside the wagon , moan building to a scream of agony . the scream be succeed by heavy breathe and then a rasp voice : gilbert Alice ! stare at the ground she shake she head , still hyperventilate . she look up . peek out over the tailgate of the next wagon in the circle be a small child . he stare at she . gilbert ( cont ’d ) Alice ! 61 . ext . prairie - next morning Gilbert lie inside the wagon gaze upward , dead . Alice stare down at he . early sunlight be diffuse by the wagon 's canvas skin . voice ma’am ... um , miss ... condolence ... a man near sixty , mount , look in over the tailgate . it be Mr. Arthur , one of the two trailboss . he be uncomfortable : mr. arthur condolence — goin back ? Alice stare at he . it be as if she have not hear . her mouth hang open . Mr. Arthur grow only more uncomfortable under she stare . mr . arthur ( cont 'd ) ... you , uh , goin back now , er ... as we hear approach hoofbeat Mr. Arthur 's panicked look shift to the approach rider , appeal for help . billy knapp do you lose he ? she stare at billy knapp . gather that she be not ready to talk , he tone be gentle : billy knapp ( cont ’d ) Tam so very sorry . I will get a spade . she find she voice : alice yesterday morning he be fine . billy knapp it be very quick , cholera . Mr. Arthur have withdraw a half - length behind billy knapp , to whom he mutter : mr. arthur she a go-backer ? billy knapp will you be goin back , miss ? or pressin on ? 62 . she stare at he . he wait , and then a gentle prod : billy knapp ( cont ’d ) ... goin back , or , stayin with the train ? alice goin back where ? billy knapp uh ... alice I ... do not have people . billy knapp anyone ahead ? in Oregon ? alice ... there be a gentleman ... but I have not meet he . I know he name . billy knapp well ... pll get a spade . ext . gravesite - later billy knapp be walloping the ground with the flat of a shovel . his close - mouth colleague Mr. Arthur watch from he horse , arm drape over the saddle horn . billy knapp notice Alice approach and in deference stop pack the earth ; he press at the ground with he toe . she draw up , look at the patch of earth . billy knapp do not want he dig up . uh ... you want a marker of any kind , or ... she be stare at the ground . she look up at he . no answer . he take it as answer . billy knapp ( cont ’d ) well . we will leave it at that . better anyway not to advertise to the Indians . they will scavenge . she look at he with alarm , which he note . billy knapp ( cont 'd ) 3 . ... they do not bother we , none . too much trouble attackin a wagon train , too little reward . you get a hire boy do not you miss longabaugh ? alice yes . Matt . billy knapp ' N he will handle the team . alice he have be . Gilbert do very little . billy knapp very well . you call upon myself or Mr. Arthur ifyou ... she look from one man to the other . Mr. Arthur say nothing . he turn he horse and ride away . ext . trailboss 's cookfire - night two man sit at a campfire : face we , Mr. Arthur , and face away , billy knapp , who be just lift a brand from the fire to light himself a cigarette . the man sit in content quiet , comfortable enough with each other to not talk . when Mr. Arthur see Alice walk up he catch billy 's eye and hastily rise , and billy knapp follow . billy knapp miss . alice please , sit down . could I ask you advice , Mr. knapp ? billy knapp certainly , miss . will you have a coffee with we ? alice no thank you . my hire boy , matt. ( more ) 64 . alice ( cont ’d ) he tell I that my brother promise he half he wage when we get to Fort laramie . billy knapp yes miss ? alice well ... billy knapp what have he say that be ? alice two hundred dollar . billy knapp two hundred dollar be half ? alice yes . and the other half when we get to the willamette Valley . billy knapp and Mr. Arthur exchange a look . mr . arthur a high price . this word — the first we have hear Mr. Arthur speak — have be address to no one in particular . billy knapp address Alice : billy knapp it be a extravagant wage . alice be it ? mr . arthur that 's a high price . billy knapp do you think the boy be tell a story ? now that you brother be no longer ... alice I do not know . the two man again look at each other . 65 . alice ( cont ’d ) ... Gilbert be not a good business person . he have a enterprise in towa City , that end poorly ... and earlier , another that ... there be no judgment in the question : billy knapp he be a failure ? alice I suppose . billy knapp still , the boy ... mr . arthur that 's a high price . alice well . there be another problem . I ... I can not find any money in the wagon . I believe Gilbert keep it in he waistcoat . again , the two man look at each other . billy knapp then he 's still get it . mr . arthur one day 's ride . billy knapp yessir but , what , midday tomorrow , I smoothe it , kick scrub over it 'o who know what pass in the night . no , I do not think so . no. he turn back to Alice . he think . at length : billy knapp ( cont ’d ) ... I suggest you not argue with the boy till we get to Fort laramie . alice and then ? quiet . 66 . billy knapp well , maybe I will talk to the boy , see if I can shake he loose from he story . four hundred dollar . I do not know . I will have to think on this one . ext . prairie - next day we hear dog yapping . we be look at the back of a young man in a batter feel hat who trudge along lead a team of oxen . he look over he shoulder . he be a unprepossessing young man . behind he : Alice . she do not react to the boy 's sullen look . ext . alice 's cookfire - evening Alice and the young man be eat wordlessly at they cookfire . intermittent yap from the dog . billy knapp walk up . billy knapp miss , could I have a word ? alice certainly Mr. knapp , can I offer you supper ? billy knapp thank you , miss , I have have mine . I the young man , have give billy knapp a hostile look on he arrival , now rise and leave with he plate of food . billy knapp watch he go , then look back at Alice . billy knapp ( cont ’d ) this be awkward miss , but people have complain to Mr. Arthur and myself about you little , uh , President pierce . I have no doubt but that you dog be — 67 . alice he be not my dog . billy knapp w.. miss ? alice he be — Mr. longabaugh 's . I know it 's terrible , the noise . I do not know what to do . billy knapp isee . I see . well then — I think he be you dog — maybe this be quite a simple matter , uh ... could I put he down for you , miss ? alice all right . well . could we not just scare he off ? billy knapp well no , we be he food so he will try to follow , long as he can . and then — a wolf might play with he before he eat he . faster be better . alice yes . I understand . yes , thank you very much , if you would take care of it . billy knapp it will be no trouble at all , miss . I will attend to it right away . — oh ( lower voice ) T regret to have to tell you — I talk to you boy Matt . I could not get he to budge . alice well . well . thank you Mr. knapp , you be very kind to extend yourself . billy knapp it be no trouble , miss . here we go , little dog ... 68 . he stoops , coax the terrier in with a extend hand . he scoops it up . billy knapp ( cont ’d ) ... all right , miss . he touch he hat and walk away , dog in the crook of he arm , around the wagon toward a nearby rise . Alice watch the spot he leave . she rouse herself , take another bite of food . no appetite . she set the plate down . she reseat herself lean against a wagon wheel . she draw she knee up , bring she hand up to cover she ear . a long wait . a pop / she flinch . she slowly lower she hand . she start to rise , and then : pop ! she be puzzle . then , two more in quick succession : pop / pop ! she go around the wagon , look out . the nearby rise . after a beat , billy knapp appear . he walk toward she , gun at he side . he look sheepish . when he arrive : billy knapp ( cont ’d ) I set President pierce down and he move just as I fire . he skitter off , miss — I do not believe I hit he a’tall . alice oh . oh my . 69 . billy knapp Tam truly sorry , miss , I should have deputize Mr. Arthur . that man be a crack shot . I do not expect it to ... to ... alice well . it be very kind of you . billy knapp I do not think you will see President pierce again ... alice yes . yes , thank you Mr. knapp . ext . prairie - day trudge . Alice somewhat behind , the sullen youth lead the oxen . ext . trailboss 's cookfire # 2 - night Mr. Arthur and billy knapp be at they cookfire . billy knapp swirl a little coffee in a cup , take a last sip and toss the dregs . he take a plug of tobacco from he shirt pocket and bite offa chaw . nearby Mr. Arthur turn he empty cup upside down and tap the grounds into the fire . billy knapp hand he the plug . mr . arthur oblige . he look up at the sound of footstep . Alice approach . billy knapp rise quickly to he foot . Mr. Arthur remain sit . alice I be , I be sorry to trouble you again . there 's no need to — billy knapp you be no trouble , miss longabaugh . alice I do apologize , Mr. knapp , interrupt you supper . Mr. Arthur have rise to he foot . he walk off towards the horse . she do . 70 . billy knapp miss , please set you mind at ease . thave hire on as trailboss and it be my duty to guide the train and meet square any unexpected problem . you have full call on my service . alice well I be grateful whether it be you duty or not . but thing be develop for the worse . Matt —my boy — billy knapp yes ? alice Matt have ask I to affirm he arrangement with my brother . he ask I to declare that he will receive he two payment — at Fort laramie , and in Oregon . he say if I will not affirm it , he will depart . he will join the first party of go - backer we meet . billy knapp and leave you . leave you here with the wagon , high and dry . alice yes . billy knapp well well well . the impertinence . alice yes , but ... billy knapp please set down miss . we have better talk about this . 71 . alice I do not like it . but I do not know that it be wrong of he to ask . he be do a job , for pay . billy knapp well . you be very broadmind , to see the other side of it . alice but then what shall I do , Mr. knapp ? shall I confess I have no money ? what be right ? billy knapp what be right . he nod . they both stare into the fire . billy knapp finally stir . billy knapp ( cont ’d ) miss longabaugh . I can not offer to drive you team or tend you wagon in place of the boy . Mr. Arthur — alice I would not ask you to do so ! billy knapp indeed , this be my thought not yours . Mr. Arthur and I have to ride one in front of the train , one behind , we take turn pilot and drag . but ... will you trust I for a day ? alice well. certainly . but how so ? billy knapp tell the boy that you affirm the agreement . I want to think on this for a day . I have a notion that you may think be crackpot , but I do not believe it be . alice tm sure it be not crackpot . ext . prairie - day 72 . billy knapp well we will see . give I a day . I must talk to Mr. Arthur . then we will talk tomorrow , and if you think it be a bad idea , why , then , we will only have take one extra day of the boy 's labor . Mr. Arthur ride in the dust haze at the back of the wagon train , bandana around he lower face and hat brim pull low as protection against the dust stir by all the wagon he trail . billy knapp trot oncoming and wheel around to ride with he . he pull he own bandana up . a beat of silent riding . then , with jollity : another beat . the shortest beat . billy knapp afternoon , pardner . mr . arthur afternoon . billy knapp which be worse , pardner , dust or mud ? mr . arthur both I guess . billy knapp .. say , I be think of propose to miss longabaugh . mr . arthur that right . billy knapp yes , and if she accept , well then , I plan to settle in Oregon . this would be my last wagon train ... 73 + another beat . billy knapp ( cont ’d ) ... I will farm . mr . arthur uh-huh . billy knapp well . we will see how she take it . Mr. Arthur say nothing . billy knapp ( cont ’d ) ... well , I will head back up . unless you desire a swap . mr . arthur nope . billy knapp ... afternoon . mr . arthur afternoon . billy knapp gallop off . ext . circle wagon - night it be night and two fiddler play for a gather within the circle wagon . Alice stand among the people watch that who dance . billy knapp enter . billy knapp miss . alice good evening Mr. knapp . as he join she she turn back to the dance , and both stand watch for a beat . billy knapp May we talk for a moment ? alice yes , of course . the two amble to get a little distance from the noise . alice ( cont ’d ) so. you crackpot notion . 74 . billy knapp yes . yes . before I expose it — may I ask something ? alice certainly . billy knapp what ... possibility do you look forward to in Oregon ? she slow and they find themselves stop at a tilt - up oxcart . Alice seat herself on it and , as she consider she answer , billy plant one foot on a drive shaft and drape forearm over he knee . alice I do not quite know . Gilbert know — know — someone there , a Mr. vereen , who own a orchard , or maybe more than one orchard , and a cartage company . he be vague about he connection with Mr. vereen and , and about he own prospective position . I do not wish to slight my brother 's memory , but , he could ... exaggerate the nature of a opportunity . as I have tell you , he have little aptitude for business . and Mr. vereen 's interest in ... myself — I fear that may also have be speculative ... billy knapp isee . I see . so this be no definite prospect of marriage , no contract . alice I — no . billy knapp well my idea then be this . and I submit it in respect , miss longabaugh . I propose to assume you brother 's debt to the hire boy , and to ... to ask you to marry I . 75 + alice oh ! billy knapp I submit it in respect . alice oh ! oh. billy knapp I ... my notion be to farm in the willamette . alice ... I do not know what to say . billy knapp T have ambush you , I be very sorry . alice no , no . billy knapp I should clarify what bring I to say this thing or I will seem like the veriest bounder . I have find myself think about certain matter , um . I have be bustin trail for fifteen year , the last twelve with Mr. Arthur . Mr. Arthur be a top man . top man . but he be get older , and ... slower to straighten in the morning . sleep on the ground , miss , to have no family and to sleep on the ground . alice yes . yes . it can not be easy . billy knapp yes , look at he , well ... I myself have come to the age where , either I will settle , and have child who can take care of I when I be old . or I will not . that time will have pass . 76 . alice yes . billy knapp so I have find myself think , well , if I meet a , a maiden , or a widow of honor , uh , perhaps I would ... alice yes . billy knapp present myself ... alice yes , I see . billy knapp uh ... they both gaze into the fire , the most neutral place to look . at length , but still look in the fire : billy knapp ( cont ’d ) you be acquainted with the 1872 grant ? Alice look at he . alice Tam not . he be still look in the fire . billy knapp settler in Oregon can claim 320 acre . married couple can claim 640 . there be a , um ... in Fort laramie there be a Mr. bourgeois who can sanctify marriage . after some think . alice do you engage in divine worship . now he look at she , find relief in a matter - of - fact question . 77 : billy knapp yes , iam a Methodist . yourself , miss ? alice Tam Episcopalian . again they lapse into a silence , but not a troubled one . religion do not seem to be a impediment . then : alice ( cont 'd ) what be you ... Christian name , Mr. knapp ? billy knapp William . I be billy knapp . alice Tam Alice longabaugh . he nod . Alice look into the fire . alice ( cont 'd ) well ... now I suppose it be my turn to think . he rise . billy knapp of course . we will um ... we will let the boy keep work for the moment ? on he assumption of payment ? Alice look at he , draw breath to answer , but stop , frown . she do not move . billy knapp look at she , try to read she look , wonder whether he should be dismay by it . then he too frown . we begin to hear it : a distant yapping . it fade , grow , fade , as the wind roll it back and forth across the border of audibility . 78 . ext . prairie - next day on another wagon : a woman ride on the jockey box with a babe in arm . two bigger child , boy , walk in front of the wagon . one of the boy be walk backwards . the other be laugh . woman what be you do , Israel ? boy walk backwards . gonna walk the rest of the way to Oregon backwards . woman do not do that . boy why not ? woman I say do not do that . the father , walk by the oxen with a switch , turn and whip the boy 's back . father do not do that . the boy stumble round , surprised and smart . the father turn back to the oxen with a dark : father ( cont 'd ) ... listen to yer mother . ext . prairie / SMALL stream - day head of the wagon train today Mr. Arthur be in the fresh -aire vanguard . he draw he horse to a halt at the brink of a gentle declivity to a small stream line by cottonwood . he look side to side , assess . Mr. Arthur give a look up at the sun , consider . he rein he horse around and backtrack to meet the approach lead wagon , hold up one hand . mr . arthur noon here . 79 . ext . SMALL stream - minute later the chunking of wagon wheel have stop at the cut , replace by clatter and wallah of people prepare food and chat and tend to chore . billy knapp descend toward the stream , dusty and sweat . reverse on Mr. Arthur , sit before a cookfire and eat . many people have come down to eat by the stream , or to wash thing in it , or - — child — to play in it . Mr. Arthur 's back be to we . responding to the sound of billy knapp 's approach he glance back over he shoulder . as billy knapp draw up and sit Mr. Arthur hand over a plate of dinner . billy knapp thank you . the two man eat . ext . prairie - later the train have resume ; Alice trudge behind she wagon . voice miss , uh ... she look around . billy knapp , mount , be trot up from behind . billy knapp I think I should add , miss , to my proposal ? alice you may call I Alice . billy dismount and lead he horse to walk alongside she . billy knapp I think I should add , Alice — lest I seem hard - nose — for you see fit to decline my proposal , why , there be more than one way to skin a cat . we might find a boy from another wagon to drive you team , use you oxen as payment in Oregon . someone might be willing . ( more ) 80 . billy knapp ( cont ’d ) or distribute you necessity among other wagon . we will get you to Oregon , safe and sound , I do not wish to present myself as the only alternative to ruination . it would be wrong to take advantage . alice the think do you credit , William . but I be inclined to accept you proposal . billy knapp all right . all right . alice I do not take you offer to be opportunism and I do not take yourself to be hard - nose . billy knapp that put my mind at ease , I be glad to hear it . alice my dear brother be very hard - nose . but never very successful . that two thing , in combination — it make life a frustration for he . billy knapp I see how it would . you feel badly for he . alice I do . now . more than I do . other people do not care for he . he have only I . and I have only he . billy knapp Tam very sorry that you have lose he . but he be with he creator . his way be easy now . alice yes , of course . yes , he way be difficult . I must say , it be difficult to be with he , he never find calm and he never give calm . I be very nervous be with he . not afraid of he —he would not hurt a fly — I be just — not at ease . I be eat up by nerve at the think of talk to Mr. vereen for instance . the think of meeting he be a agony . I do not know how I would have do it . and yet you be so very easy to talk to . billy knapp perhaps we will find comfort together , spiritual ease — that be my hope as well . Alice . alice yes. William . ext . prairie - dusk billy knapp be bent low , hobbling he horse . he speak to the horse 's front foot . billy knapp well , it ... it appear that miss longabaugh be inclined to accept my proposal , he straighten up . Mr. Arthur have unsaddle and hobble he own horse and be now at they pack mule , examine its load . mr . arthur uh huh . billy knapp yes , it uh ... of course you will do fine , solo , no doubt about it , a man of you skill will always be in high demand . Mr. Arthur be pick through the pack . 82 . mr. arthur ... where xat mecate rope ? — neb mind , here it be . ext . alice 's cookfire # 2 - night billy knapp and Alice sit at Alice 's fire , both gaze into it , billy knapp hold a cup of coffee . a long beat . alice ... when will we see buffalo ? billy knapp oh soon , very soon . another beat . billy knapp 's musing be direct at the fire : billy knapp ( cont ’d ) ... use to hunt the big shaggy , provision for the army . do some trapping . year . found myself miss animals’t walk upright . start piloting . partner up with Mr. Arthur . alice what do Mr. Arthur do , previously ? billy knapp think , realize : billy knapp do not know ... more fire-gaze . billy knapp ( cont ’d ) ... that man be a wonder . he can read the prairie like a book . to see he cut for sign , well — you have think the good lord deal we each we five sense , then bottom - deal Mr. Arthur one extra . still ... he be old . I do not know how it will go with he . his affair may ... I can not help feel in the wrong . quiet . 83 . alice you first responsibility be to you household . billy knapp yes , but ... alice T be sorry . I should not dismiss it with a easy apothegm . billy knapp yes . alice Gilbert have a say for any situation . a ready bit of wisdom . he be very certain . billy knapp he be a doughface ? alice how do —oh , yes . he be a admirer of President pierce , yes , very much so . he have fix political belief . all of he belief be quite fix , even that that ... fortune do not tend to endorse . he would upbraid I for be '' wishy - washy . '' I never have he certainty . I suppose it 's a defect . billy knapp oh , I do not think it be a defect at all . oh no . uncertainty — that be appropriate for the matter of this world . only regard the next be we vouchsafe certainty . alice yes . 84 . billy knapp I believe certainty regard that which we see and touch — it be seldom justified , if ever . down the age , from we remote past , what certainty survive ? and yet we hurry to fashion new one . wanting they comfort . ( shake he head ) '' certainty '' — it be the easy path , just as you say . they be both look into the fire . alice Strait be the gate ... billy knapp ... and narrow the way . indeed . indeed . ext . streambed - day Mr. Arthur sink into a squat in close shot , look down at the ground . the soft ground in the streambed he have stop at , show hoofprint . back to Mr. Arthur . his look swivel to he leave , follow the line of print . he slowly rise , he appraise look direct at the horizon . the wagon train in the background — behind he — continue to advance toward we , its lead wagon almost arrive . Mr. Arthur 's point-of-view show a gentle rise but not much other punctuation on the horizon . peaceful as can be . the man walk before the first wagon in the train be draw even . he call out : man sign , Mr. Arthur ? mr . arthur horse . ( a gesture forward as he mount up ) keep on . gonna talk to Mr. knapp . 85 . ext . prairie / wagon train - day mr . arthur ata canter , go down the line of wagon . a puzzle look as he draw even with the wagon lead by Matt , Alice 's sullen employee . mr . arthur wharza woman ? matt tsat ? Mr. Arthur rein he horse around to walk abreast with Matt as they talk . mr . arthur Mrs. longabaugh , wharshe ? matt go of ’er air . a vague wave to the leave of the wagon train — the same perpendicular trace by the hoofprint . mr . arthur o ’er air ? whyzat ? matt huh . I ’dno . Heard that mutt barkin’ . pres’dent pierce . there be some concern now in Mr. Arthur 's look toward the horizon . mr . arthur whenshe go ? matt wull. 's dno . mr. arthur whenshe go ?! a shrug from matt. matt half be . mr. arthur uh-hnghh . 86 . a beat look and he spur he horse to the leave . ext . prairie - minute later Mr. Arthur be spurring and reining he horse in a forward - sideways diagonal , look intently down at the prairie grass just in front of he . the wagon train be in the deep background , several hundred yard behind Mr. Arthur now , separate from he by — to we eye — unmark prairie grass . Mr. Arthur abruptly tack , take the opposite - way diagonal forward , eye still train on the grass just before he . he stop the horse , look up . his point of view , since he now have a bit of elevation , show gently recede wave of prairie grass . no human yet visible . he spur he horse forward . ext . prairie dog village - day further on Mr. Arthur top a rise and rein he horse in to look down into the swale below . Ms. longabaugh be sit on a small hillock hold a yapping President pierce . in front of she the earth be disturb by a multitude of small mound and hole out of which , every now and then , pop the head of a prairie dog . Mr. Arthur look around from he high perspective then gentle he horse down the rise toward the woman . a minute later Mr. Arthur arrive . Alice , smile , sit on she horse hold President pierce , beguile by the little animal at which President pierce bark . her eye stay on the animal as she talk . alice what be they , Mr. Arthur ? mr . arthur prairie dog , mar ’am . uh , mar ’am ... we best , uh ... she still watch the little animal , one or two of whom give little chirp bark back at President pierce . 87 . mr. arthur ( cont 'd ) ... ma ’am , there 's uh — alice be not they darling ? mr . arthur yes be . we would better — um , gittin late . she laugh . alice it 's hour till dark . Mr. Arthur 's look have latch onto something on the horizon . it lock there . alice ( cont ’d ) .. I believe President pierce be try to understand whether that creature be other dog , or — Mr. Arthur abruptly dismount . he stride over to Alice 's horse . mr . arthur git down . alice why , Mr. Arthur — he pull at she with a urgency that preclude resistance . mr . arthur git down now , miss . he have half - pull she down but she have land on she foot and the dog have leave she arm to yap at the prairie dog . Alice be alarmed by he sudden change of attitude . alice Mr. Arthur — he be not even look at she : he be hobbling she horse . mr . arthur set below this rise here . he go to hobble he own horse as she watch , bewilder . 88 . alice but —we be not go back ? mr . arthur not directly . a short gesture with he head . she look — and give a sobbing little cry . a indian on horseback , motionless , silhouett on the distant rise . Mr. Arthur rise from he horse and take five stride out toward the indian , hold he hand out toward he head palm - forward . he stop , fix in the palm - out pose . no motion from the indian . Mr. Arthur return : mr . arthur ( cont 'd ) we be in for a fight . he will not answer m’peace sign’n he 's a sioux . ( shake he head ) we can not make a run for it through this dog-town . she be agitate but try to calm herself with a think : alice there 's only one savage . Mr. Arthur laugh . mr . arthur keep lookin . other Indians be join the first , form a face line . there be perhaps twenty of they all tell . Mr. Arthur be drag the saddle off he horse , plant it as fort on a small hillock . mr . arthur ( cont 'd ) ... they will crush we . course , dog-hole as bad fer they as fer we , and they do not know how to fight . he unscabard he Winchester and check the breach , get out he revolver and check it , talk as he work : 89 . mr. arthur ( cont 'd ) if they be to come in on all side I could not handle ‘em , but they rush in a bunch , like damn fool ! he chuckle — but then catch himself at the bad language . mr . arthur ( cont 'd ) beg pardon , miss . now you set there , take this . he be give she the revolver . she will not reach for it ; he grab she wrist and close she hand over the gun . mr . arthur ( cont 'd ) take 't now . two bullet in it . she be start to tremble . mr . arthur ( cont 'd ) do not mean f’you to help I . you can not help I , do not even try , jus’ keep tuck low here below the crest . if I see we be lick , pil drop back 'o shoot you and then shoot m’self , so that 's okay . but if you see that I be do for , well , you will have to do fer yourself ... he put a finger on she forehead . mr . arthur ( cont 'd ) you put it right there so 's ya cai not miss . alice no no — mr . arthur this be business miss longabaugh . they ketch you well it will not be so good . after they ... take off ever stitch a yer clothes n’have they way with ye they will stretch you out with a rawhide to each of yer arm 'o leg . then they will drive a ( more ) 90 . mr. arthur ( cont 'd ) stake through the middle of you body into the ground and then ... do some other thing . and we can not have that . she be shaking . now he reassure : mr . arthur ( cont 'd ) we be not lick yet . but if we be , you know what to do . she vigorously nod . mr. arthur ( cont 'd ) ... that first injun there , he 's the mucky - muck 'o if I shoot he well that 's bad medicine 'o I think they will all lose they spit 'o light out . he chuckle again . mr . arthur ( cont 'd ) they be a funny bunch . ( start down the bill to he saddle ) anyway , we will have a good fight ! he cover , make himself comfortable behind the saddle , rifle rest on it . the Indians have start to move , the center of they line ease into a canter and the end move toward the middle to fall into line behind : a rag charge of a two - abreast column . Mr. Arthur project : mr . arthur ( cont 'd ) they will start makin noise now , spose to skeer we but it will not bother we none will it miss ? she return a rather tremulous — alice no , Mr. Arthur . — as the whooping start . 91 . crack ! — the first rifle shot from one of the Indians . a couple more . Mr. Arthur be sighting but not fire . mr . arthur well that 's a waste a bullet . more gunfire from the Indians as the column start to split , each side peel off but still advance . we now hear the whistle of bullet go by close . divot spring out of the earth near the saddle , spraying earth . Mr. Arthur do not react , but now he fire . a forward horse go down , dump its rider . Mr. Arthur track another rider as the income fire continue . but the horse suddenly spill without he fire . he bellow : mr . arthur ( cont 'd ) ... dog-hole ! he swing to track another forward rider : the man with the headdress , the lead indian . he fire : a miss . more and more income bullet , nearby impact . Alice 's horse scream and rear , hit , its hobble leg awkwardly paw air until it collapse , still scream . Mr. Arthur fire at a rider now at the forward - most part of the two advance , peel column . the man be hit . he swing he gun to the rider on the mirrore side , fire , hit the horse . as it go down its rider leap clear . the two column have now peel completely and be wind back in retreat . the indian whose horse be shot be run forward though , still whooping . Mr. Arthur take leisurely aim , and fire , end he charge . the whoops of the other Indians continue but be fade , in retreat . Mr. Arthur ease up from the saddle . he again take careful aim at something : the indian struggle to he foot by the dog-hole horse , which itself be hopping awkwardly , scream . Mr. Arthur fire . the indian be hit . Mr. Arthur relax . 92 . mr. arthur ( cont 'd ) okay , they get the lay of the land . he reload he gun , attention split between it and the Indians . they whoops have abate , but they be reforming on the ridge . mr . arthur ( cont 'd ) ... this time they will come with a purpose . you all right miss ? alice yes Mr. Arthur . he go to Alice 's whimper horse and shoot it in the head . he go to he own horse take out a knife , and with one slice sever its hobble . he smack it on the rump , send it gallop off . the whooping be start again as the Indians begin they second charge . Mr. Arthur walk unhurriedly back to he saddle - fort . mr . arthur they be not gonna do it all day . this will tell the tale . this time he do not bother with cover but remain stand , sighting . distant crack of gunfire . Mr. Arthur be sighting at the man in headdress . a loud crack — a miss . nearer income fire . Mr. Arthur aim at the next man in line as the leader pull to the side and — crackohit he , unrider the horse . the Indians do not display the formation of they first charge . they be more chaotic : they now seem to be everywhere , whooping . crack ! — Mr. Arthur hit another indian who have draw almost even and then quickly pan to aim at a rider pass on the other side . crack ! —he fire , and miss . he rise — mr . arthur ( cont 'd ) leave be to I , miss ! — and fire and the indian be shot off he horse . crack — a income bullet flap Mr. Arthur 's shirt . 93 . he spin and quickly sight the income chief . he fire and the man 's arm be hit and rifle lose . Mr. Arthur quickly fire again and the man be throw from the horse . he be on the ground , not far away . Mr. Arthur advance on the struggle man and , rifle at he hip , fire , hit he square in the chest . he raise he rifle look for a new target . but the Indians start to rein they horse away , scatter , leave the field . some of they fire at nothing as they withdraw , a impotent gesture . among the milling horse be three now riderless mount jigging this way and that . Mr. Arthur turn from the horse , target a retreate indian , and shoot he . one of the loose horse be head toward he from behind . Mr. Arthur turn at the sound and lower he rifle to appraise . the horse , which look like it will pass he wide , suddenly veer in and a rider swing up from its offside and in the same motion swing a arm down with a club . Mr. Arthur be catch square on the head and fall back , landing limp and motionless . the rider pull he horse up and vault down before it have even stop , he momentum send he toward Mr. Arthur as he pull a knife from he belt . as he reach the inert body — Mr. Arthur 's right hand rise with a revolver and fire . the indian fall dead . Mr. Arthur woozily rise . he gaze out at the field . the last of the Indians be disappear . the occasional distant gun pop . quiet return . the only near sound be the rasp of a fall horse trip by a dog - hole . Mr. Arthur turn back to the crest of the hill where President pierce jump and yap . near the dog be Alice , lie on she back , a bullet hole in she forehead . Mr. Arthur come up short , stare . mr . arthur ( cont 'd ) oh my . he stare . he shake he head in deep distress . 94 . mr. arthur ( cont ’d ) pore little gal . she have not ought to have do it ! he turn away stunne , the dog yapping at he foot . mr . arthur ( cont 'd ) .. oh my . he walk woodenly away . mr . arthur ( cont 'd ) .. oh my . a indian by the rasp horse be struggle to he hand and knee . Mr. Arthur shoot he offhandedly as he pass . dissolve to : ext . another rise - day in a endless sea of grass . Mr. Arthur crest the rise on foot , the Winchester sling across he shoulder , the yapping dog still follow . before he , in the distance , the wagon train lumber away . a small figure riding out from the end of it to meet he , be billy knapp . Beyond the wagon train , the roll prairie . fade out fade in on the title of the last story : whether or not he hear , the coachman do not slow . 95 . the mortal remains e hear the rumble of wheel over gravel and dirt as we dissolve to the last illustration . look steeply up the side of a stagecoach in full flight , at the coachman , frame against a twilight sky . he be dress in a greatcoat , he collar and scarf hide he face . the wind blow he scarf behind he as he crack he whip . we pan down to the caption : Fe give no sign that he have hear the frenchman bellow into the wind . we hear someone hum , then sing to himself — merry but not loud : '' it make I Love her all the more '' as we dissolve to the inside of the rattling stagecoach . int . stagecoach - late day we be look in turn at the occupant of the coach : a dapper frenchman with a small mustache and a neat string tie , gaze , bored , out the window . a impose woman of late middle - age , read a small book with marble page and a red ribbon bookmark , she lip purse . a elderly man with unruly white hair and a ill-trimmed white walrus mustache who be asleep , chin on chest , bounce with the motion of the coach . a burly man in a too-tight suit . and finally the singer : a middle - age man impeccably dress , almost a dandy . he finish the verse with perhaps a bit too much energy : the doze elderly man jerk he head up and blink and focus . the singer , Nelson thigpen , have a british accent : thigpen oh , I be sorry . do not mean to wake you , sir . trapper ( querulous ) you do not wake I ! he work he mouth , wet he lip , swallow . trapper ( cont ’d ) .. for I be not asleep . thigpen humor he : 96 . thigpen oh , not asleep , I see . he look smilingly at the other occupant , and wink at the starchy lady . but she will not be enlist in derision : she look dryly back to she book . thigpen 's cheer be undimm . thigpen ( cont ’d ) .. well I apologize for disturbing anyone else . if I do . he look around to no reaction . the invitation to conversation be not take up , but the trapper , who have be look out the window , now wonder aloud : trapper how much to go do you reckon ? thigpen oh nota great distance , not great at all , we be make good time . you have not be to Fort Morgan before , T take it . trapper me? no. you ? thigpen oh yes many time , many time . ferry cargo . a glance upward indicate the unseen cargo on the coach 's roof . the trapper follow the glance . trapper him 's yourn ? thigpen as much as he 's anyone 's , be not he , clarence . the burly man nod . lady a love one ? thigpen ( wisele ) by somebody , perhaps ! 97 . frenchman you do not know heem ? thigpen ( wise ) we know he only at the end . clarence ( confirm smile , gaze out the window ) at the very end . a beat of silence . bounce spring . a sudden loud eruption : trapper no ! ( all turn to look at he ; he lick he lip ) T have not be to Fort Morgan . I know little of city . I be a trapper , live mostly alone this last year . but I would descend into town , ever so often , with my pelt . sell ‘em . and talk , keep m’hand in . talk . you have get to keep you hand in , talkin . even if you live in the wild . a moue of agreement from the frenchman . frenchman ees true . practice . trapper in town I would talk to they be innnarested . saloon mostly , till I be ask to take mo bidness elsewhere . what sense do that make , there be only the one saloon ! the keeper call I tedious . tedious ? I ? ( spit the word : ) townsman . why , if tiding from the great world be tedious , if the great world , not trammele by ... by ... 98 . thigpen a ) ... human — trapper ( plow on , unmindful ) I would descend from the mountain , not have talk for many month , with much to tell . much to tell , have store considerable . though for many year I be not alone in the wild , I do have a consort , a stout woman of the hunkpapa sioux , we have a companionship of sort but there be a lady present . a life together mark by the pass of the season and the corresponding travel of game . in the latter she take little interest — wal , she duty be domestic , I would track and trap and she would tarry hearthside . we do not talk : she do not have English and I be not school in the gibbering of the nation . Wal I say we do not talk but we sometimes would , each in we own tongue , often at length , without benefit of understanding the other . but the sound of a human voice be a comfort when you be cabin up in the wood 'o all have otherwise be but the murmur a wind and the plop a snow from a overload branch . I say not understanding each other but twar not entirely so , I could often read by mean of the tenor of she speech and certain facial expression the emotional import a what she be sayin and she be often vex with I , I seldom know why . and then she move on . 99 . silence . the passenger in the rattling coach absorb the story . a afterthought , loudly direct at the lady who be look at he with a distaste to which he be oblivious : trapper ( cont ’d ) there be no issue . another beat . and then , warmly sympathetic , in a irish lilt : clarence do you love she ? trapper oh I do not know I never even know she name but I will say this : the nature of they vocal intonation and the play of feelin upon she face help I to gather that people be like ferret . or beaver . one pretty much like the next . yup all alike I do not doubt it 's the same even if you travel to siam . lady people be not the same . there be two kind , utterly distinct . thigpen step in as moderator : P. thigpen what would that be , madam , the two kind ? frenchman lucky and unlucky . clarence no , hale 'o frail . difficult to knock to the floor , or wilting . lady that be not the two kind . you well know the two kind . trapper one kind , be not two kind ! — less you mean trapper 'o townsman . 100 . lady upright and sinning . do not be a fool . trapper fool ! yes , I know , tedious fool , you be not the first to lodge that complaint — without grounds . I challenge you for yer credential madam , fer assessin human worth . people be like ferret . lady people be not like ferret , and I speak not on my own authority but on that of the holy bible . trapper Wal the bible , people read it diffurnt - — lady yes—rightly or wrongly . and here I speak with high authority . my husband , Dr. betjeman , be a expert , a lecturer at the chattauqua on moral and spiritual hygiene , now retire . I have the benefit of he insight . thigpen Moral hygiene . lady his lecture be spectacularly attend . he be —he be — consider a expert on spiritual betterment . ( ¢o trapper ) Jacob 's ladder . betterment . but I do not suppose you have ever be much occupy with the betterment of you soul . trapper well , I be not a enemy of betterment . ( a beat as he gum ) but I be keep very busy with m'trap . 101 . the lady give a mirthless hoot . a rattling silence . at length : thigpen you husband be not with you . the lady be prey to sadness . the frenchman sks . lady we have be separate for some time . he have be ... East . illness have keep he but now we shall reunite . it will be a great joy . thigpen he await you in Fort Morgan . lady yes . I have be live with my daughter and son-in - law this last three year . frenchman the parent should not burden the child 's household . this be wrong of you . lady I be not a burden ! I be welcome in my daughter 's house ! her imperiousness bely she own claim , and the frenchman meet it with a skeptical smile and tilt of he head . frenchman she would say so , of course . but no doubt you could read in she facial expression , as point out by the tedious man , that you presence be not want . we each have a life . each a life , only we own . lady you know nothing about I , or my domestic affair ! 102 . frenchman I know that we must each spin we wheel , play we own hand . I be once at card with a man name cipolski — this be very many year ago — trapper he a polack ? frenchman he be polonaise , yes . and we be - trapper I know a polack . the bark interruption nettle the frenchman . he glare at the trapper , await the tiresome story to come , but gather from the ensue silence that that be the whole of the trapper 's digression . the frenchman draw new breath . frenchman we be at card . my hand be poor ; I fold . cipolski and four other remain , but cipolski say to I , I be in distress , rené , you play for I while I perform me necessité — my necessary . I say , friend , I can not wager for you . but of course you can , he say , we know each other well — wager as I would do . but this be quite impossible , no ? how a man wager , it be decide by who he be , by the entirety of he experience of poker up until the moment of that bet . I can not bet for you . pourguoi pas ? I can not know you . not to this degree . we must each play we own hand . no , cipolski , I say . we may call each other friend , but we can not know each other so . trapper you can know be . people be like ferret . lady ( explosive ) people be not like ferret ! frenchman you misunderstand , son vieux . we can know each other — to a certain level . but to know entirely — smpossible . poker be interesting because ? because I do not know you hand , yes . but also because — I do not know you . I see what you wager ; what do it mean ? ( a shrug ) ican guess — I can not know . or there be no poker . he lean back smile , case close . lady poker be a gambling game . you have pursue a life of vice and dissipation — and you be no doubt expert in such pursuit . but no conclusion draw from such a life , will apply to a life rightly live . another shrug and smile from the airily superior frenchman . frenchman life be life . card will teach you what you need to know . you speak of you life , with you husband who await . you fly to he in certainty that he love you as he do three year ago . well , three year . there be a flame . you do not know that there be . lady ( heat ) among decent people relation may be eternal . decent people stay true — to other , to themselves . the frenchman shake he head , ¢sting . 103 . the frenchman smile . 104 . frenchman life be change . and all be unknowable . even my own life : I wager know my hand now , not my final hand . trapper unknowable ! but yer talkin like you know more 'o the goddamn almanac ! frenchman Tam french . lady you be a presumptuous man ! you tell I my daughter do not love I , that my husband no longer do — frenchman ifhe ever do ! no offense , Madame , my point be that we never know to the deep level , and the word '' love '' can have different meaning . trapper hold on there , mister Almanac — lady I know what '' love '' mean ! one thing ! you — frenchman you husband be a educator ; a lecturer ; would you say a man of charisma ? lady he be ! he be ! frenchman ( shrug ) bon , '' love '' would mean something different to such a person , who command the love of a crowd , than it would to a person who can only coax love , through subservience . 105 . lady I do not coax love from Dr. betjeman ! I be nota wheedler . my husband 's love be freely give ! and endure ! frenchman his love be different from yours , it 's all I say . the person widely admire accept love as a tribute . it be he due . he confer he own love as a honor , for , come from he , it must have great worth . but you , Madame , would not receive that gift , eh , splendidly , as one who have no need , but would grasp at it as a beggar . the lady stare at he aghast . the trapper , look from she to the frenchman , fill the silence : trapper ai not no call for that kind of talk . lady how dare you - frenchman and of course the great man , the admire man , might well accept other love , simply as he due , from some of that who admire he . why not , if the admirer be comely . it be love of a different kind than the domestic of course , but in France we s-ahh ! lady you ! filthy ! she be bat at he with she furle umbrella . as he parry blow : frenchman please ! Madame ! lady you ! depraved— gaarggh ! 106 . her frenzy — face white , eye unblink , body rigid except for the arm strike out with the umbrella—has turn into something else : she eye now roll back and she abruptly drop the umbrella to hook a finger in she high collar as she gasp for breath . trapper you give she a fit , frenchie ! thigpen oh dear ! the lady twist in she seat , gasp . the trapper take off he hat and fan she with it . clarence , the burly man , take she free hand in both of he , patting on it . clarence there there , miss , that 's all right , then ... frenchman we —we must stop the coach ! let she walk , move the limb ! thigpen shake he head . the information be offhand : thigpen coachman will not stop . frenchman he must stop ! we be the passenger ! thigpen coachman will not stop . the frenchman look at he in brief puzzlement , then stick he head out the window . ext . coach steep down on the frenchman look up , wind in he face . frenchman coachman ! I say , coachman ! his steep point- of-view up : the man drive , frame against a dramatic sky of dark but delineate cloud . the coachman 's face be not much visible from we steep angle . we see he coat flow in the wind ; we see he leather glove , flair to cover the wrist , as he raise a whip and snap it forward through sky ; we see he pull - low hat with broad brim ; we see a flash of full walrus mustache . the frenchman yell over the wind : frenchman ( cont ’d ) .. we must stop ! coachman ! a passenger be discommode ! 107 . the coachman present the same windswept picture , drive the team forward , not hearing , or perhaps not listen . the frenchman pull he head back inside . int . coach the frenchman look around , daze . frenchman he will not stop . thigpen he never stop . policy . the lady be somewhat recover , now limp rather than writhe . clarence that 's all right , miss ... the trapper continue to fan she with he hat as he address thigpen : trapper do not stop ? what if we have to perform necessary ? thigpen have you have to ? trapper no — lady please ... all look to she . her head be loll back but she be look at the trapper : lady ( go ’d ) ... stop do that . this arrest the fan of he hat . the trapper hold it freeze for a beat , abash , then put it back on . rattling silence . then , sing : voice as I be a walk down by the loch as I be walk one morning of late ( more ) 108 . voice ( cont ’d ) who do I spy but my own dear comrade wrapped up in flannel , so hard be he fate . the lady slowly emerge from she distress to look in wonder at the singer : clarence . his rough look would not have lead we to expect this beautiful tenor voice . the old irish air he sing be the ancestor — and have the familiar melody — of '' the street of laredo . '' voice ( cont 'd ) I boldly step up to and kindly do ask he why be he wrap in flannel so white ? my body be injure and sadly disorder all by a young woman , my own heart 's delight . the other passenger , like the lady , be take out of themselves . they slowly turn to the source of the song as sunflower toward the sun , strike , haunt . voice ( cont 'd ) get six jolly fellow to carry my coffin and six pretty maiden to bear up my pall and give to each of they bunch of rose that they may not smell I as they go along — hoot sob . all turn to look : thigpen be weep into a handkerchief . he wave they look away : thigpen I be sorry ... I do apologize . he sing it every trip , and it always do this to I . he loudly blow he nose , then stuff the handkerchief into he breast pocket . thigpen ( cont ’d ) .. you have think , with the business we be in , I would not be so—so ... trapper what be you business ? 109 . thigpen T like to say that we be ... reaper . be not that right , clarence ? clarence ( affirmative muse ) ... harvesters of soul . thigpen we help people — who have be adjudge to be , ripe . trapper whatsat mean ? a beat , thigpen struggle . thigpen ... well ... some would call we — oh , it 's a ugly word - trapper yer bounty hunter ! thigpen literal man ! cruel man ! yes , fine , '' bounty hunter , '' a ugly title , as ifemolument be the point . it 's a honest call — be the cobbler not pay for he shoe ? I do not apologize for it , and neither do clarence . clarence half - nod to confirm , half - shake to decline to apologize . trapper so he on the roof , he be want ? thigpen Mr. thorpe be very much want , judge by what they be pay for he . trapper what would he do ? thigpen oh I do not know , do it matter ? ( more ) rattling silence . 110 . thigpen ( cont ’d ) just as you say , Madame , there be two kind of person . in we business they be : dead , or alive . clarence that 's what they say . thigpen but for we it 's a distinction without a difference . clarence paid either way . frenchman so you will take zem alive ? thigpen T do not say that . it be puncture by one of the trapper 's eruption : clarence be chuckle . trapper I do not either ! take ‘em alive . course , not exactly the same business . and I work alone . thigpen oh yes , we be a duo . a tandem . a team . they be so easily take when they be distract , people be . so I be the distractor , with a little story , a little conversation , a song , a sparkle ! — and clarence do the thumping , while they attention be on I . clarence he 's very good , that one . you should see he . thigpen no , he 's good . 111 . clarence ( modest ) ican thump . thigpen Mr. thorpe up there . a typical case . I tell he the story of the Midnight caller . Three loud rap , widely space : thigpen , bang a heel against the seat . he look around , eye wide . thigpen ( cont ’d ) someone be outside ! knock ! oh who can it be ! do not open it , mother — what live thing would be out in such a storm ! ( omile it away ) you know the story , but people can not get enough of they , the familiar storey , like little child . because they connect the storey to themselves , I suppose , and we all love hearing about ourselves , over and over . so long as the people in the story be — we , but not we . not we at the end , especially — the Midnight caller get he , never I ... I will live forever ... his reflective look have drift to the window . now he attention return to he audience , brightly : thigpen ( cont ’d ) ... so I tell the storey . and clarence thump . clarence he 's very good . laten day : it have grow darker in the coach . everyone drift away from thigpen to think they thought — but they be bring back to he when he suddenly speak to himself , have be work on something : 112 . thigpen I must say it 's always interesting watch they after clarence have work he art . watch they negotiate the ... passage . all eye be on he . frenchman ... pah -sahge ? thigpen look at the frenchman . thigpen to the other side , here to there . ' try to make sense of it as they pass to that other place . I do like look into they eye as they try to make sense of it , I do , I do . trapper ... as they try to make sense of what ? after a beat : thigpen all of it . more silence . the lady be hesitant to ask , perhaps fear a negative answer : lady and ... do they ever ... succeed ? thigpen look at she gravely , consider . he look at the other , who be look at he , then return to the lady and smile . thigpen how would I know ? I be only watch . voice from outside hyah , whoa ! int . coach / fort morgan - dusk it be the coachman stop the team , as we see from the inertia of the body in the brake coach . 113 . thigpen look out . thigpen well — Fort Morgan . I presume we be all at the hotel ? include Mr. thorpe — too late to drop he with the sheriff ! the window show that we have stop square to a hotel . it be dusk outside , but a cloudy dusk that paint the exterior all in shade of gray . Dead quiet . no people outside , no movement . the only color in view — and the only motion — be the flicker yellow flame in the gas light on either side of the hotel 's door . the three passenger look out show no particular eagerness to disembark . thigpen be all cheery business , however , and climb down , follow by clarence . thigpen ( cont ’d ) ... I suppose Mr. thorpe will be stay in you room , clarence . do not fancy have he in mine ! clarence whatever you say , guv . the coach shift with the weight of the coachman who be work up top . we hear rope be loose . thigpen or we could sit he in the parlor , a little surprise for the guest in the morning ! clarence give he a newspaper , sir ! anda glass of port ! through the window we see thigpen and clarence look up , wait to receive the body off the roof . we hear friction noise , and a canvas shroud - figure be ease down towards they foot - first , foot grab by thigpen . the attempt hand - off of upper body to clarence be fumble , clarence lose he grip and the body thudding to the ground out of sight . thigpen clumsy fool ! 114 . clarence sorry guv . thigpen do not apologize to I ! it 's Mr. thorpe , be not it ! they bend out of sight and then straighten with the body . the coach rock as the coachman descend . thigpen and clarence , with the body , lumber into the depth , toward the hotel . in the still air they footfalls raise poof of pale dust which do not dissipate . the coachman overtake they and take the two step up to the boardwalk front the hotel . thigpen and clarence 's voice be become faint and thin , but remain perfectly audible in the dead air : thigpen ( cont ’d ) all joke aside , you room , I think , clarence . clarence ifyou say so , sir . thigpen no worry about he snore ! clarence I be not worried , sir . thigpen ( affectionate ) you never worry . one of you virtue . clarence t’anks very much . the passenger be watch . no one yet move to get out . a creak of the hotel door open , the coachman hold it for the two body - bearer . he follow they in and close the door behind . nothing of the interior have be reveal . we have stay with the passenger and in they perspective . now , with nothing to look at , they look uneasily among themselves . the trapper , by the coach door on the hotel side , gesture the frenchman toward it . 115 . trapper go on ahead . the frenchman run he tongue over he lip . frenchman apre vous . the trapper cast about . to the lady : trapper lady first . she be no more inclined than he . she come up with : lady .. I must be help down . the trapper clear he throat , reach for the door , pause , then find he resolve and push it open and step gingerly down . he turn back and extend a hand up to the lady . she cannot but descend . and then there be nothing for the frenchman to do but follow . the three head single file — lady lead , trapper second , frenchman third — toward the hotel . outside , they face — now that they be no longer in the warm - wood cabin of the stagecoach — be somewhat pale . the hotel 's front door creak open , the coachman emerge . he stomp toward they , and then past they , all coat and glove and boot — hardly any face visible , just a glint of eye between the low hatbrim and the great mustache . the three passenger ascend to the boardwalk . the lady draw up before the hotel 's front door but do not reach for it . a uneasy beat as we hear the coachman , off , clamber back up onto the coach . finally : lady ( cont ’d ) will someone open the door for a lady ? my husband be wait . int . fort morgan HOTEL the trapper open it . 116 . visible past the three , the hotel interior . its light lie in warm , weak pool . lamp in the parlor give a feel of the heavy victorian furniture within each 's feeble reach . though each light be low , they seem to have great depth : the building go way back . there be a staircase to the right with a burgundy runner . it too be far from bright . but we can see thigpen and clarence awkwardly climb , the canvas body between they . thigpen . and ... step and ... step and ... step and ... the trapper follow the lady in , and the frenchman be about to enter also — but he look be draw by a whipcrack . voice hyah ! we hold on the frenchman look out at the street and thus we do not see , but only hear , the stagecoach turn . the frenchman 's eye track it as it clatter off , back the way it come , with the jingle of tack and the cry of the coachman and the pound of hoof . the sound fade . the frenchman , try to maintain he lofty insouciance — and , to some degree , succeed — turn , enter the hotel , and close the door behind . fade out