the game by John brancato &amp ; Michael ferris revised October 19 , 1995 A1 . title over " home movie " from the 1960 's -- flickering , grainy , hand -held , kodachrome color . music over . 1 . E X T . V a N o R T o N h o U S E - D a y ( home movie ) a seven -year-old birthday boy with a blindfold spin round and round , the hand of other child keep he spin . MAIN title . it 's a game of pin-the-tail - on - the-donkey . the dizzy boy be give a strip of feel , and the camera follow as he stumble toward a large cardboard donkey . he pin the tail on its nose . 2 . quick , ragged cut -- the boy blow out candle ... open gift ... a clown tie balloon animal . child , maids and butler hover about ; there 's even a real - live pony . the party take splace in the garden of a massive Pacific Heights mansion . 3 . the boy be schuyler van orton ( 7 ) , and this be he birthday party . he 's a serious - look child , who adjust he glass as he pose for a shot with he mother , mrs . van orton , a stiff - look society matron . a nanny bring over a infant and gently place the baby in schuyler 's arm . schuyler be ultra-careful , over - whelmed by the responsibility of hold he tiny brother ( david ) . 4 . the boy and the other child sit spellbound , watch a magic show in the front garden -- a magician wave a color handkerchief , a dove fly out . camera follows the bird up toward the house ... 5 . the camera find mr. van orton , a pinch , depressive man of about 40 , wear glass . he stand on a high balcony at the top story of the mansion , in a bathrobe , smoking a cigarette . the unseen photographer zoom in jerkily on the man . when he realize he 's be photograph , Mr. Van orton turn he back and go inside the house . the film solarize and run into leader -- CUT to : 6 . E X T . V a N o R T o N h o U S E - D a y ( present day ) title continue . early morning , the same mansion ( ideally a ornate victorian or Arts &amp ; craft ) . the landscape have change , there be some modern touch , such as a iron gate surround the carriageway , a black 500 - class mercede in the drive . music down , segue to a CNN news broadcast over as the camera move in on the upper balcony where we would see Mr. Van orton earlier ... it 's now cover and glassed - in . we move through the glass ... 7 . I N T . m a S T E R B E D R o o m - D a y track through a large master bedroom ; neat , masculine and spartan , free weight , a treadmill . atop the bed a laptop computer run stock quote . a large -screen tv play unwatched , a familiar CNN anchor ( we will assume bernard shaw ) . the bang &amp ; olufsen clock radio click on , 6:30 be ; classical music now duel with the tv report . hand - annotated paperwork and stock readout cover a night table , where the ringing multi-line telephone join the cacophony . end title as we move toward a door , it 's open a crack -- from this adjacent bath we hear the SOUND of a shower running ... 8 . I N T . m a S T E R B a T h R o o m - D a y in the steam - fill bathroom , we make out schuyler van orton , now 38 . he 's handsome , fit and apparently in complete control of he world . he step out of the shower , wrap a towel around himself and grab the bathroom phone . schuyler ( on phone ) Van orton ... yes , it be my birthday , Bob , be that why you call ...? ah ... no , I be not carry Alan baer another inch , fuck he , bg lumber be history ... as he speak , he continue he morning ritual -- hair comb , q - tip , etc . ( schuyler be a man in almost constant motion . ) 9 . E X T. S a N F R a N C I S C o S T R E E T S - D a y the black mercede move quickly through morning traffic . 10 . I N T . S C h U y L E R ' S C a R - D a y schuyler be on he car phone , news radio low in bg , maneuver aggressively through traffic . his laptop run in the passenger seat , its cellular antenna up . schuyler ( on carphone ) ignore the rumor , Alan , you know I , of course I be behind baer - Grace a hundred per cent ... great , see you at the shareholder ' meeting next month ... he hang up and honk at another driver , display no emotion . 11 . I N T . V a N o R T o N o F F I C E S - D a y track with schuyler through a elegant suite of office . he pass a discreet sign : " the van orton group . " schuyler be on a cell - phone , carry the laptop , trail by maria , he middle - age secretary . she bear paperwork and patiently await he attention . schuyler ( on cellphone ) I have get buyer for the bg paper mill , goose the lawyer , final papers in three week ... sure it 's sad , but a old dog lose its tooth and piss itself , you put it to sleep ... as schuyler walk , he 's greeted by pass underling , whom he ignore . he shut off the phone , Maria hand he a couple of item , follow he into he office . maria Carol from the museum call . she 's send architect 's sketches of the wing ... 12 . I N T . S C h U y L E R ' S o F F I C E - D a y the office be large , tasteful , reek of old money . a window overlook the San Francisco skyline and the Bay . maria that Business week reporter call again -- schuyler tell he to fuck himself . nicely . maria ( awkwardly ) -- and , um , somebody who identify himself as , um , p.p. willy . schuyler freeze at this , stare at she . maria sorry , I figure it be a crank , but he swore you would know who he be . he want to meet you for lunch , I tell he you have appointment all -- schuyler cancel . cancel the whole afternoon . maria but you -- schuyler do it . do he leave a number ? maria no . he just say he would be at Leo 's in the Haight . at noon . Maria hand he a slip of paper , linger , await explanation ... schuyler that 's all , Maria . she head out quickly . schuyler stare at the slip , then turn to look out the window , lose in think . CUT to : 13 . I N T . L E o ' S - D a y a work class bar , a alcoholic or two , pinball machine . schuyler sit a table near a window , check he watch , it 's not he kind of place . a waitress arrive in a too-small uniform -- young , multiple earring , christine accord to she name tag . christine can I take you order ? schuyler I have not see the menu . christine oh , right . here , see ya . she hand he a menu and start off . schuyler call after she . schuyler a iced tea , please -- she wave a hand , " yeah , right , " without look back . schuyler sigh and open the menu . suddenly , someone backhand the side of he skull , he assume a defensive posture . schuyler see he laughing brother : david van orton . david yo , Sky . happy birthday . schuyler ( rub he head , annoyed ) thanks , " pee -pee . " I never get tired of that . david slide into the seat opposite he . he 's in he early 30' , good - look but unkempt , wear bright , funky clothes , a earring and a perpetual grin . there 's a intense , edgy quality to he which schuyler have some trouble readjust to . schuyler well ... long time . david yeah , since Mom die -- what , five year ? so how you be ? schuyler Business as usual ... david how 's Elizabeth ? any kid ? schuyler a little girl . david congrat -- schuyler it 's not mine , she marry a pediatrician in sausalito . david you be divorced ... ( off schuyler 's nod ) too bad , she be actually interesting . schuyler she stop drink , I guess get rid of I be the 13th step . david so you be all alone in the House of pain . schuyler I redecorate . where have you be ? david all over . nowhere in particular . do not you fuck gumshoe keep you inform of my every movement ? schuyler I call they off two year ago , David . you would kick the heroin , you would leave the ashram , you be windsurf somewhere in Central America ... david it 's gorgeous down there ... you should go sometime . schuyler look , be you in trouble , be there anything you need ? you can not have go through the trust fund ... david ( look at he , hurt ) that 's not why I be here , Sky , I just want to see you ... I even bring a gift , for a change . schuyler you do not bake I a cake , do you ? david you can not still be mad about the hash brownie ... schuyler 's unamuse by the memory . David grin and pull a small envelope out of he pocket , toss it on the table in front of he . david happy birthday , bro . schuyler what be this . david it 's a bomb . open it ! schuyler shrug , open the envelope and shake out -- a business card in blue and orange : " consumer recreation SERVICES . " the C , R and S be highlighted , a phone number at the bottom . schuyler pick up the card , finger it . schuyler consumer recreation service . ok ... david I can not tell you very much about it , that would ruin the surprise . just promise I you will give them a call . schuyler I do not get it . david just call them . ok look , it 's simple , really . they entertain you . schuyler be this a escort service ? david no , it 's nothing like that . they be a business , they be for real ... they guarantee just one thing -- you will not be bored . schuyler give he a bored , blank look . David throw up he hand . david they make you life fun . schuyler fun . david you have hear of it . christine the waitress have show up with schuyler 's iced tea . she put it down hastily , spilling some across the table . schuyler shy away , grab a napkin and blotting it up before it can drip into he lap . crack gum : christine sorry . she move off as schuyler try to order , raise a finger -- schuyler just a cheesebur ... how would you find this place ? david Old connection use to meet I here . so you gonna call them ? schuyler ( a sigh , carefully ) you know , David , this be sweet , but it 's a awfully busy time , I be in the midst of a delicate liquidation -- david ( mimick he bitterly ) " a delicate liquidation , " God , you would do this ... schuyler David -- david we can not get together once without you make I feel like shit . that 's important to you , be not it ? schuyler what be you talk about ? david forget about it , do not bother . David slump in he seat , will not meet schuyler 's eye . schuyler be you still on medication ...? David glare at he . with the impeccable timing of all waitress , christine appear , chipper . christine you guy know what you want ? david go away . she curl she lip and depart before schuyler can open he mouth . he sigh , resign to the idea of not eat . calmly : david I just think you would like it . I do , it be a blast , best thing that ever happen to I . and for you information , I be not on anything anymore , I be not even see a shrink , I be in a better place than I have ever be , I be even happy -- but that 's something else I would not be able to explain to you . schuyler ok , ok , I will give they a call ... david whatever . schuyler look , take a pill . just be normal for thirty second and tell I what this be . I hate surprise . david I know . David wink , put a finger to he lip -- not another word . close as schuyler slip the brightly - color card into he pocket . CUT to : 14 . E X T . V a N o R T o N o F F I C E B U I L D I N G - N I G h T establish the moonlit exterior of a older , classy building in downtown San Francisco . move in on a high window , one of the few lit at this hour . we hear the SOUND of a phone chirping over . ls. I N T . S C h U y L E R ' S o F F I C E - N I G h T computer run , stack of paperwork , etc . phone continue to ring . find schuyler as he punch the speaker : schuyler Van orton . elizabeth ( on speaker ) hello , schuyler . elizabeth be schuyler 's ex-wife - - a earnest woman , a stranger to subtlety . stay with schuyler , who half - smile , look at he watch . schuyler eleven forty , you almost do not make it . elizabeth ( on speaker ) I always call on you birthday . how be it ? schuyler oh , the usual , big party , circus clown , naked lady in a cake ... elizabeth ( on speaker ) ( slight chuckle ; serious ) how be you , Sky ? she have the concerned , forthright tone of a " recovery person , " someone who 's be through a lot of therapy and want to reach out . schuyler grimace , then mimic the tone : schuyler I be just fine . how be you ? elizabeth ( on speaker ) it be not a trick question . thirty - eight , I think that might be a -- a difficult year for you ... schuyler hm ? just another birthday , another year closer to death . elizabeth ( on speaker ) I mean -- because of you father . schuyler oh that 's right , I guess he be 38 , be not he ? I have not think about it , to tell the truth , but thank you for the reminder . elizabeth ( on speaker ) why do I call you ... schuyler I honestly do not know , but it 's a nice change of pace from talk to you attorney . so , still work at the hospice ? elizabeth ( on speaker ) mm-hmm , couple day a week ... schuyler great , that 's great . well , give my regards to Dr. mel and the baby -- elizabeth ( on speaker ) she have a little brother on the way ... we just do the ultrasound . schuyler really . congratulation -- two kid , a official nuclear family , you must be very happy . elizabeth ( on speaker ) we be , Sky . very happy . schuyler well , you deserve someone who want the same thing you do -- elizabeth be you ? happy ? schuyler hate this question . he quickly change the subject . schuyler speak of little brother , I see David today . elizabeth ( on speaker ) really ? schuyler he ask about you . he 's on a new kick , some personal improvement cult . I be gonna check it out , I be sure he 's get fleece again . elizabeth ( on speaker ) who know , maybe it will be good for you . send David my love . schuyler right . well , thanks again for call , Elizabeth , take care . elizabeth ( on speaker ) you too , schuyler -- I mean that -- schuyler mm , good luck , bye . he punch off the phone in the middle of she " good -bye . " schuyler return to he work , as if the call have not take place -- but a few second later , we see he concentration be completely shattered , he lean back in he squeaking deskchair . CUT to : 16 . E X T . p a C I F I C h E I G h T S - N I G h T schuyler' mercede cruise on the hilly street , past impressive mansion on all side , a crescent moon overhead . 17 . I N T . S C h U y L E R ' S C a R - N I G h T classical music play . schuyler drive , look unsettle . 18 . E X T . p a C I F I C h E I G h T S - D a y ( 60's / flashback ) Pov drive shot , from the backset of a limousine . period car , fashion , etc . music continue over . 19 . I N T . S C h U y L E R ' S C a R - N I G h T schuyler change the radio station , try to drow out he thought with loud rock and roll . 20 . E X T . V a N o R T o N h o U S E - N I G h T the electric gate slide open , and schuyler 's benz pull in . 21 . E X T . V a N o R T o N h o U S E - D a y ( flashback ) a limousine pull into the ungate carriageway . the back door open and schuyler ( 7 ) emerge from the backseat , carry elementary schoolbook . as he approach the front step , he look upward at something , blink and squint . angle up -- mr. van orton , in he robe , stand on the balcony railing , look up at the sky . he turn he gaze slowly downward . young schuyler be puzzle , give he dad a tentative wave . mr. van orton wave back , he eye dead , expression blank . young schuyler open he mouth to call to he father -- instead we hear a urgent electronic beeping -- 22 . I N T . S C h U y L E R ' S k I T C h E N - N I G h T a microwave oven beeps that the meal be " ready . " schuyler open the door , take out he upscale junk food , grab a fork . 23 . I N T . S C h U y L E R ' S D E N - N I G h T on a big - screen tv , a CNN newscast show a FIRE out of control . move from this through the manly , book -line de . the house be traditional , opulent , densely decorate with " good piece " -- and it feel like a mausoleum . find schuyler peel open the plastic food container . he sit in a leather armchair . a bottle of dom perignon sit on the coffee table , near a champagne flute glass , a cupcake with a candle in it . the laptop computer be running . on tv , bernard shaw come out of the story . bernard shaw ( tv ) -- for the resident of the Crescent Heights project , a truly tragic day be over at last -- schuyler I will drink to that . schuyler raise he champagne glass to the tv , he birthday do . then he toast in the direction of a framed picture on the coffee table -- a wedding photo of schuyler and elizabeth . bernard shaw ( tv ) -- up next , the latest in sport . for all of we here at CNN , thank you for watch -- schuyler reach for the remote control . he settles back on the sofa , channel hopping . he despair of this quickly , point the remote at he own head -- click , click . he close he eye . 24 . E X T . V a N o R T o N h o U S E - D a y ( flashback ) mr. van orton stand on the edge of the balcony , wave as before . he look skyward one last time , then suddenly launch himself into space in a head - first dive . we hear what sound like a scream -- CUT to : 25 . E X T . C R S B U I L D I N G - D a y -- it 's a car horn . the vehicle pass to reveal schuyler stride toward a postmodern building in the financial district ; a ramp lead to a parking garage beneath . casually dress , he glance up at the facade for a few moment , then go in . 26 . I N T . C R S L o B B y a N D a T R I U m - D a y the very new , dramatic structure be build around a central twelve - story atrium narrowing to a skylight above . there 's still some minor construction underway on the ground floor , scaffold about . schuyler cross to a bank of lobby elevator . 27 . I N T . C R S E L E V a T o R - D a y schuyler look out the glass elevator as it rise vertiginously . he Pov as the atrium shrink below he . 28 . I N T . C R S o F F I C E S - D a y partitioned work area , terminal , clutter and disarray . Office door open off a reception area . crs employees move about hectically . schuyler enter , wander about for a moment , confuse . a friendly female receptionist glance up from she desk . receptionist can I help you ? schuyler be this consumer recreation service ? I have a appointment , the name 's Van orton . the woman flip through a appointment book with a logo , crs . in bg , jim feingold pay a chinese delivery guy for a bag of food . receptionist hm ... I do not seem to -- schuyler schuyler Van orton , I call last week . the woman shake she head . feingold slow as he cross past schuyler , carry the bag . he 's 30 - 40 , a no - nonsense engineer , look a bit dull , but he exude competence and trustworthiness . feingold Problem ? receptionist this gentleman say he have a appointment , but ... feingold glance at schuyler , shrug . feingold Van orton , huh ? I will take he . ( shake he hand ) Jim feingold , v. P. in charge of engineering and data analysis . the man lead schuyler to a row of open box on the floor , look in a couple , then find what he 's after . he snatch up a couple of page , hand they to schuyler . then he find a clipboard on the floor , toss it to he like a frisbee . feingold sorry about the chaos , we be still in the process of move ... follow I , I have get a office around here someplace . he reach into a box of pens , pass one to schuyler . close on pen -- the crs logo . CUT to : 29 . I N T . F E I N G o L D ' S o F F I C E / h a L L W a y - D a y a modern , dramatic office . swoopy furniture , impose art , all very cool - look . feingold move behind the desk , unpack a couple of white carton . feingold I can not remember the last time I eat in a restaurant , all I do be work ... schuyler sit on a couch , look at the form . schuyler I know what you mean . look -- what be all this ? the fast - talk feingold move energetically through the office , occasionally pick at he food or poke at the air with chopstick -- he 's a bit hyper and fidgety in general . feingold application , MMPI and tat test , financial statement ... ( indicate food ) want some ? tung hoy , best in Chinatown ... ( as schuyler shake he head ) the test serve a threefold purpose . first off , be you right for we ? be we right for you ? unfortunately , there 's a limited number of slot -- schuyler let 's back up here -- feingold ( over he ) B , we need a idea of you ability and limitation , what turn you on , and off . numero tre , we insurance company require it . ( a beat , study schuyler ) you be familiar with we service , be not you ? schuyler not at all . what be you sell ? feingold well ... it 's a game . schuyler a game . feingold recharges the battery , get you off the treadmill , it 's a experience . sort of a -- vacation for the guy who 's be everywhere . schuyler this really do not sound like my sort of -- feingold sit on the edge of he desk , arm cross , nodd and smile condescendingly -- he raise a hand to stop schuyler . schuyler what 's so amusing ? feingold nothing . I know who you be . you be David Van orton 's brother , he get you in here . schuyler so . feingold ( remember fondly ) David be -- impressive , one of the better I have see . but frankly , I can see you be not the type . schuyler the type . feingold you know , a player . schuyler I be not a player . feingold I do not mean anything personal by it -- I know you be a important guy , powerful guy , you be use to be on top . it 's just , this be not for everyone . not everyone can handle it . schuyler ( nearly lose it ) what kind of fu - - game be this ? feingold the ultimate fuck game . I wish I could tell you more , but it 's different every time . ( rise ) thanks for come in -- schuyler ( do not move ) I be not a idiot . I see what you be do . first the vague yet intrigue pitch , then I be suppose to feel like my manhood 's in question because I be not up for , what , some motivational role - play fantasy nonsense -- feingold interesting , you do not know the first thing about it but you have already decide what it be ... listen , I do not wanna waste any more -- schuyler please , Jim , cut the hard - to - get shit . I have get the afternoon free , I will take you silly test . feingold cock he head , reappraising he . then , with a smile , he call to a attractive young woman pass in the hall ; schuyler , meanwhile , flip through the page of the test . feingold Ms. Nelson , be you busy ? we need someone to run Mr. Van orton . ms. nelson this way , sir ... as she lead schuyler out the door , feingold wink at he . feingold I will catch up with you after the physical . schuyler react -- a physical ? he throw up a hand and follow the woman into the hall . alone now , feingold crack a fortune cookie and glance at the slip of paper inside . he furrow he brow with concern at the fortune -- then toss it aside . CUT to : 30 . crs office - series of shot during the follow quick cut , sound will be layer in and continue over one another , e. g. the SOUND of a scraping pencil , the blip of machinery , heavy breathing , murmuring voice of technician give instruction ... A. x-close : a # 2 pencil fill in box after box on a long MMPI form . close on a couple of this : " I sometimes hurt animal ... I feel guilty when I masturbate ... " each follow by true and false box . B. a white - walled room : schuyler concentrate on a draw hold by a stone - face psychologist , a tat test ; he laugh as he speak into a tape-recorder , analyze the picture . c. x-close : the drawing , a large ant with a apron feed a tv dinner to a human child . the card move just as we register it to reveal another drawing of a smile man toppling backwards in a chair , perch on the edge of a cliff . D. a lab : Electronic monitor and printer record schuyler 's eeg and ekg . we see he on a doctor 's table , wear a medical gown with the crs logo . he 's hook up to the wire , a female technician study the readout while a nurse take he blood pressure . E. x-close : the travel trace of intersect color wave . f. a darkened room : schuyler in fg , still in the gown , watch a screen as image flash -- geometric shape , word , photo . his finger hover over a bank of three button , he press different one from time to time . there 's a mirror to one side of the room -- G. x-close : a computer screen show green column of number -- schuyler' name be steady at the top of the screen , with a account number . camera move from the screen to show a unseen computer operator watch schuyler through the one - way glass . the cacophony of the montage end abruptly as we CUT to : 31 . I N T . C U B I C L E - N I G h T schuyler , in the gown , sit on a examination table with he hand in he lap in a small , featureless cubicle -- he seem vulnerable , look around blankly . to himself , irritate and bemuse : schuyler David , you suck . feingold burst in , a slew of computer print - out under he arm . feingold sorry to keep you wait , a client 's head explode ... ( grin ) you can get dress , we be do . he throw open a closet door . schuyler reach inside for he clothes , which be neatly fold and on hanger . feingold turn he back on he as he dress , perching on the examination table and study the unburst print-out . feingold look promise at this point . you test well , you be in decent shape for someone in you tax bracket ... hm , some resistance to the psych question , but we get the general idea ... he head out , beckon for schuyler to follow . 32 . I N T . C R S m a I N F L o o R - N I G h T feingold lead he through the office -- secretary and other worker pack up at the end of the day . feingold we design the game around you schedule , you be free to give it as much or as little time as you wish . and of course , you can call it quit at any point . schuyler this be actually a gift . do my brother pay in advance ? feingold you would have to ask we billing department ... the price vary . but we service come with a guarantee . if you be not satisfied , there 's no charge . and we have never have a unsatisfy customer ... schuyler you mean dissatisfied . feingold ( look at a form ) mm , that 's right -- you be a leave - brain word fetishist . schuyler I get that all the time . feingold smile tightly and lead schuyler back into he office . 33 . I N T . F E I N G o L D ' S o F F I C E - D a y close on paperwork as it 's drop on the desktop . schuyler , crs pen in hand , look at this dubiously . schuyler so I be suppose to sign up for a game when I do not know the rule , I do not know the object , I do not know how much it cost ... feingold it 's a leap of faith . but at this stage , there 's no commitment -- we just need to process you application . and if you qualify , you be in for the ride of you life . what have you get to lose ? schuyler click the ballpoint pen , they both lean over the papers . feingold initial -- initial -- sign here . schuyler 's about to sign when feingold grab he wrist . feingold in blood . ( a wink ) --- just kid . close , as schuyler sign on the dot line . feingold snatch up the form , suddenly seem in a hurry for schuyler to go . feingold very good , Mr. Van orton . please , keep the pen . schuyler shrug , stick it in he breast pocket , start out . schuyler when can I expect to hear -- feingold we will be in touch . feingold gently shut the door on schuyler 's face . S C E N E 3 4 D E L E T E D CUT to : 35 ( new ) . I N T . R a C q U E T B a L L C o U R T / C o R R I D o R - D a y wham , a ball slam against a wall . through a window , we see schuyler play violently , pump sweat ... he 's alone . we hear the sound of a phone call over : schuyler ( V. o. ) David , where the hell be you , we be suppose to meet at the club -- david ( V. o. ) oh , shit , sorry Sky , I space -- next Tuesday ? schuyler ( V. o. ) I will be in Seattle . david ( V. o. ) buy you lunch soon as you get back , I swear ... fed up with play alone , schuyler let the ball bounce , exit the court and head for a locker room down the hall ... schuyler ( V. o. ) I check out crs by the way -- david ( V. o. ) hey , great , you gonna go for it ? schuyler ( V. o. ) have not decide yet ... S C E N E 3 6 D E L E T E D 37 ( new ) . E X T . C o U N T R y C L U B B a R - D a y schuyler , in casual clothes , hair still wet from a shower , come out of a locker room area toward a outdoor bar by a swimming pool at this upscale country ciub . he pass pete and JOHN , two middle - age rich men sit at a table near the bar ; he overhear a snippet of they conversation -- JOHN -- like fuckin ' wildfire , just open a office in Frisco here -- pete I play my game in New York ... what do you think John , will crs ever go public ? JOHN ( laugh ) not likely , would you ? schuyler slow down , eavesdropp , then move toward the bar , address the bartender with a nod toward John and Pete . schuyler New member ? bartender I believe so . schuyler this round 's on I . schuyler move casually toward the men-- dissolve to : 38 ( N ) . same location , later , the bartender bring another round of drink to the table , schuyler and the man have be chat a while , all seem relaxed . Pete , the friendlier ( drunker ) of the two , puff a cigar as he speak : pete ... last time I play pebble , I swore I would never pick up a club again ... the other chuckle knowingly . schuyler sip he drink , blink and cough discretely at the smoke ; there 's a slight pause . schuyler great thing about golf , the way it take you out of you life ... speak of game -- I take it you two be familiar with crs ...? JOHN uh-oh . time to piss ... he slide off he stool . Pete study schuyler , size he up . pete why do you ask , schuyler ? schuyler I could not help overhear -- pete we do not usually talk about it . schuyler I only bring it up because , well , I recently test for it . pete do you ? kudos . schuyler I just be not sure if they be for real , whether it 's worth it -- pete Worth it ... gee , I dunno ... they do save my fuck life ... schuyler sorry ? pete look , I do not know you , you do not know I , but ... I hit a certain point , nothing mean anything . my work , the wife and kid -- hell with them , I be sick of it all , y'know ? but crs ... they change everything . " be they for real ? " who care , maybe nothing be . ( raise he glass ) to reality . schuyler raise he glass , numbe by this outpour . Pete drain he drink , chuckle to himself . his friend come back , look concerned , take the man 's arm . JOHN c'mon Pete . pete ( wink at schuyler ) good luck , pal . you will need it . schuyler stare after the two man dubiously as they move off . CUT to : 39 . I N T . L a W F I R m C o N F E R E N C E R o o m - D a y a slick , designery conference room , fill with babbling lawyer -- at the head of the table stand bob plympton , a trustworthy man in he late 50' . murmuring continue during plympton 's address . plympton Excuse I . Excuse I ! postpone the baer - Grace meeting be out of the question . schuyler get on a plane for Washington tomorrow morning at seven with every contract , every side agreement , the complete close package ! schuyler have be go through paperwork in the back of the room , he step forward during the above . lawyer but there 's simply no -- thwap ! schuyler drop the stack of papers on the table , silence . schuyler no be not a option . if you fail to recognize that , I will find ten other law firm in the yellow page that can get the job do -- chirp . schuyler 's cell-phone have start ringing during the above . he finally remove it from he pocket and move to a quiet corner . schuyler ( impatient ) yes . quiet commotion resume in bg during the follow . on the other end of the line , there 's the bland , bureaucratic voice of cynthia : cynthia ( filter ) Mr. Van orton ? schuyler yes , who be this ? cynthia ( filter ) this be Cynthia at crs ... schuyler what ?! how do you get this number ? cynthia ( filter ) I be just call to inform you that we have finish processing you application -- schuyler I be in a meeting -- cynthia ( filter ) -- and I be afraid you do not qualify . schuyler -- so I do not have time for -- ( beat , then quickly ) Excuse I , what be that ? cynthia ( filter ) well ... you application be reject . schuyler ... why ? cynthia ( filter ) oh , I be afraid I do not have that information , but -- many applicant do not meet the criterion . we apologize , we hope it have not cause you any inconvenience -- schuyler this be absurd -- cynthia ( filter ) thank you for think of crs . click and a dial tone . schuyler shut the phone and replace it in he pocket , he mind suddenly far away from the meeting at hand . plympton , a wel1 - meaning man with a fatherly attitude toward schuyler , step close to he and speak quietly , concerned : plympton bad news , Sky ? schuyler no , nothing . sorry , bob. ( loudly , to boardroom ) so be there any more question , or may I assume it 's under control ... CUT to : 40 . E X T . V a N o R T o N h o U S E - N I G h T schuyler pull up in he mbz , the electric gate glide shut . he get out of the car and sets the alarm . he head for the front step of he home -- then freeze , blink -- on he doorstep lie a body , face - down , apparently a wino , in a tatter , filthy overcoat . flash CUT to : 41 . E X T . V a N o R T o N h o U S E - D a y ( flashback ) same angle , quick shot of the body of mr . van orton , sprawle across the step in much the same position as the wino , flat on he stomach , head twisted at a grotesque angle . his bathrobe be even similar in color to the wino 's overcoac . CUT back to : 42 . E X T . V a N o R T o N h o U S E - N I G h T schuyler shake off the memory , look alarmed . he call out : schuyler hello ! what be you do here ? the body do not stir . he approach gingerly . schuyler wonderful . you ok ? you dead ? he crouch by the wino , wince at a strong smell , cover he nose . he reach out to touch the body , but hesitates , pull back . alive or dead , he do not want to have anything to do with this person . schuyler shit , shit , shit ... the " wino " suddenly spring up like a jack - in- the -box , bend backwards impossibly at the hip . schuyler let out a cry and scramble back toward he car . the head swivel to face he -- it 's a grotesque harlequin , its head make of colored glass , lit from within . the mouth drop OPEN and a tongue in the shape of a corkscrew spring out . a SMALL key on a hook dangle from the tip of the tongue . one of the harlequin 's glass eye wink . schuyler stare in amazement for a few moment . close on the dangle key as schuyler finger it . the key catch the light and we see the letter " crs " emboss on it . 42b ( new ) . I N T . S C h U y L E R ' S F o y E R - N I G h T the dummy be dumped in a straight - back chair in the foyer . schuyler take a step back and study it . he cross its leg , smirk and shake he head , ascend the stair . close on the disturbing empty stare of the dummy ... CUT to : 43 . I N T . S C h U y L E R ' S B a T h R o o m / B E D R o o m - N I G h T close on schuyler' eye as he blink and remove a contact lens . a newscast be barely audible in bg . wider , schuyler , squinting , in a bathrobe , enter from the bathroom off the bedroom , put he contact lens case into a toiletry case . he 's be pack a leather garment bag , which hang from a door , slip the toiletry into a " side pouch . the tv plays in bg , Bernard Shaw deliver the news . bernard shaw ( on tv ) ... the bill go before the House next week , where it 's expect to meet stiff opposition -- ( beat , touch he ear ) wait , this just in ... this get schuyler 's attention , he squint toward the television . bernard shaw ( cont. , on tv ) the U. S. geological service have detect a massive disturbance in the earth 's crust deep beneath the northern segment of the San andrea fault ... schuyler scramble for he glass , as Shaw struggle to continue . bernard shaw ( cont. , on tv ) ... they have issue a warning that a major earthquake of magnitude eight or great be likely to hit the San Francisco Bay area within ... ( a beat ) oh my God , the next fifteen minute -- schuyler sit on the bed , breathes hard , stare at the tube . bernard shaw ( cont. , on tv ) there be no time for a evacuation . the federal government have issue the follow instruction for all resident of central and northern California ... schuyler be freaking out , pace frantically , move toward a phone -- who 's he go to call ? he make a low moan . shaw be voice crack , he speak very rapidly . bernard shaw ( cont. , on tv ) locate emergency shut -off for all power and gas - - schuyler start move out of the room -- bernard shaw ( cont. , on tv ) wait , there 's no time for that -- just stay away from window and door -- schuyler double back , avoid a window , he panic mount -- bernard shaw ( cant. , on tv ) find a heavy piece of furniture such as a desk or table and get under it -- schuyler look around , see no such appropriate spot in the room . bernard shaw ( cant. , on tv ) if no such furniture be immediately available , go to a window or doorway -- schuyler blink , hesitates start to move toward the doar -- bernard shaw ( cant. , on tv ) but first turn off all power and gas . crouch in a comfortable position , put you head between you knee and cover it with you arm -- schuyler , confuse , crouch as instruct -- bernard shaw ( cant. , on tv ) then kiss you lily - white ass goodbye ! on this last line , Shaw 's voice start to echo and change . schuyler rise , stare at the tv , mouth agape . shaw wink . his voice be utterly transformed . bernard shaw ( on tv ) howdy Sky . he face ripples and morph into a skull , it 's become clear that this be a computer - generate Bernard shaw . cybershaw ( on tv ) que pasa ? as cybershaw speak , he face will continue to transform , sometimes back to a recognizable human state , other time into abstract image , a talk piano , a dog , etc . cybershaw ( on tv ) welcome to the game ! congratulation on you decision to let consumer recreation service entertain you . the combination of relief , amazement and anger be a bit much for schuyler to absorb . smiling sickly : schuyler fucker ! cybershaw ( on tv ) this might be a good time to lay out a few ground rule , help you enjoy you adventure . you have receive the first key . there will be other . pay attention -- you never know where you will find them , you never know when you will need them , so keep them with you at all time ... as he speak , schuyler reach for the gold key on he bedside table . he start put it onto he keychain . on tv screen -- below cybershaw , a phone number scroll past . cybershaw ( on tv ) you might want to write this number down , it 's the crs hotline , operator be stand by to assist ... but please do not call to ask what the object of the game be -- figure that out be the object of the game ... schuyler have snatch up the crs pen to write down the number -- it do not work . swearing , he toss it aside , grab another . on tv , cyber Shaw morph back into the original Bernard Shaw . there 's a quick visual glitch on the tube as the original tv feed resume -- Bernard Shaw be deliver a normal news story . bernard shaw ( on tv ) -- reaction on wall Street be mute follow the fed 's announcement of ... schuyler be take with the display of electronic pyrotechnics , in spite of himself . he hit the speaker button on he phone , dial . operator voice ( filter ) you have reach crs ... schuyler yeah , this be pretty impressive but listen -- operator voice ( filter ) we office be close . please call back during business hour . ( beep ) schuyler my name be schuyler Van orton , my game just start . look , this be a bad time , I be about to leave town -- a dial tone , crs do not take message . schuyler sigh , hang up . 44 . E X T . V a N o R T o N h o U S E - N I G h T schuyler crouch by a coaxial cable line emerge from the side of the house . he finger a box with a miniature loop and rabbit ear antenna that 's be splice into the line with a tiny S -shape wire . he start to unscrew it , then think twice , head back in . wider , as schuyler enter he mansion , a gibbous moon overhead . CUT to : 45 . E X T . S E a - T a C a I R p o R T - D a y mist in the air , a jet taxi to a terminal . 46 . I N T . S E a - T a C T E R m I N a L - D a y schuyler come out of the gate with the garment bag and a briefcase . he join up with a driver carry a sign that say van orton , the man take he bag for he . schuyler I be expect a package with some document . do it arrive ? the man shake he head , schuyler , exasperate , whip out he cell - phone and dial . as he and the driver move through the crowd , they pass a red -ey , dredlock , homeless - look rasta man in a brightly colored outfit with knit cap , hassling other traveler . he turn he attention to schuyler and begin walk alongside . rasta man ay mon , get sometin ' of you mon . driver ( to the rasta ) get lose , pal . rasta man no can do . schuyler ( on phone ) Bob , it 's Sky , what the hell be go on ? no , the papers be not here , you will have to fax signature copy straight to the bg office now . yeah I will hold . the driver and schuyler climb into a little white people mover cart , the driver start forward , beeping at folk in the way . the rasta man continue to badger schuyler . rasta man you want what I get , mon . schuyler ( hand over the phone ) no thank you . rasta man dere be many path to enlightenment , but you must choose one and stay on it -- or you will surely die in the darkness -- schuyler I will take my chance . the rasta man jog alongside , hold up a stain , newsprint religious tract , schuyler glance at it without take it -- close -- we see the word " crisis , revelation , solution . " the letter C , rand S be print in a different color from the rest . wider -- schuyler ignore the tract , he 's talk to Bob again on the phone . the driver speed up as they pass a guard , enter a restrict access area . schuyler ( on phone ) what ?! Fire they ass , that 's it . the rasta man run out of breath as the cart speed up . he call after schuyler : rasta man jah Love mon , that 's the key , that 's the key ... 47 . E X T . S E a - T a C T E R m I N a L - D a y cold and bleak . the little white truck emerge from the terminal , cross the tarmac , head toward a idling helicopter , where be stop . from the chopper , alan baer emerge - - he 's a elderly , muscular man , bluff , once blue-collar . he give schuyler a firm handshake . they have to shout over the whirring blade : schuyler Alan ! what 's wrong with a car -- baer I be give you a overview of we little operation ! you gotta see the new breed of high yield sapling ... schuyler look uncomfortable with this prospect . the driver be already load he bag into the chopper . baer clap a hand on schuyler 's shoulder , lead he under the wash , into the chopper . the rasta man be walk slowly across the tarmac nearby . he watch the helicopter ascend with a half -smile . 48 . I N T . h E L I C o p T E R - D a y schuyler and baer in the back of the chopper . baer how be you flight ? schuyler Fine . schuyler look out the window . schuyler' Pov - on the pasta man in he colorful clothes , now hold up a dangle key on a chain . moment later , he 's invisible in the mist . on schuyler , look disappointed , and annoyed with himself -- he realize he 's miss something . he reach into he pocket as baer drone on beside he . schuyler pull out he keys , finger the gold one with the crs logo , think . dissolve to : 49 . E X T . m o U N T a I N S - D a y the helicopter swoops low over a beautiful forested mountainside . dissolve to : 50 . I N T . B a E R - G R a C E o F F I C E S - D a y pan from a window . outside , we see a sign -- baer - grace lumber -- and the helicopter , now idle on a pad . move past a humming fax machine , find schuyler address Alan baer across a table . a couple of other lumber execs be present . everyone wear a stricken expression , schuyler 's tone be matter - of - fact . baer you have be plan this for month , have not you ? sandbagge I like this , sell we for scrap ... schuyler bg lumber be not profitable and have not be for year , my duty be to salvage what I can . this be the close papers , in ten minute I be go to present the sale term to the shareholder and elect my new management team . as he speak , schuyler move to the fax machine . a transmission have come through , he pick up the sheaf of papers . baer I be friend with you father , you bastard , I watch you grow up , and now you kick I in the ball -- schuyler squint at the papers in he hand , flipping through they . close , the entire transmission have be garble . the word all bleed together incomprehensibly , it look like a child 's scribbles . baer ( o.s. ) that 's not how you play the game . schuyler turn on he , a suspicion form ... baer you could have fuck tell I ! schuyler what game ? schuyler study the senseless page for a moment then put they down , shaking off he apprehension . schuyler never mind ... we will just have to go with the earlier draft . in bg , one exec pick up a page , whisper to a assistant , who move out of the room . schuyler move to he briefcase . it 's locked . he start patting he pocket . baer can not find you key ? baer have a malevolent expression . schuyler look at he . schuyler where be they . baer up you ass ? a couple of exec stifle chuckle . schuyler 's suspicion mount . schuyler up my ass , very funny ... his eye drift to a piece of corporate stationary on the table in front of he . he pick it up : insert - under baer -grace letterhead we see a handscrawle note : " crs call . " we do not see what 's write below . schuyler be reeling , paranoia confirm . schuyler I do not -- ok . ok , you be with crs ... baer stare at he blankly . schuyler put a hand over he eye , seem disorient , try to piece it all together . schuyler so the game , it 's just a screen , to blow this deal ... baer I be not follow you . schuyler like hell you be not . how do you get my brother involved , that 's unforgivable . the assemble exec be look at schuyler in utter confusion . as he speak , the assistant return with some paperwork . schuyler stare at he menacingly . hesitantly : assistant um ... sorry to interrupt . we have be have some trouble with this fax , so they re-sent the material . it 's all ok now . the assistant come over , cheerfully place the crucial document in front of schuyler . the assistant fish in he pocket . assistant oh and Mr. Van orton - - be this yours ? the pilot find them on the floor of the chopper ... schuyler gingerly take the keys which the assistant hold out , look from they to the paperwork . then he glance back at the handwritten note on the table : insert note : it actually read " CBS call . " ( schuyler 's thumb or a Post - it note cover the base of the B before , make it look like a R. ) it continue " re : interview with Alan B. on Sun ... " schuyler take a breath , reassemble he composure and consult he watch . he rise , anxious to put the last few minute behind he . schuyler everything seem to be in order . please disregard my last comment . the shareholder meeting be about to get underway ... shall we ? he head for the door . as he leave , the exec exchange look . CUT to : 51 . I N T . S E a - T a C T E R m I N a L - N I G h T schuyler wander through the terminal , carry he bag , glance periodically at the departure monitor and the clock . his manner now have change , he eye every passerby , especially the odd one . P. A. voice ( filter ) Flight 177 to San Francisco be now board at Gate 14 ... suddenly a leg be thrust out from behind a advertising kiosk , schuyler trip and go sprawling . the rasta man step out , now wear sunglass with pink lense . rasta man shit mon sorry oughta pay more attention . schuyler get up , dust himself off . as calmly as possible : schuyler listen , I quit . rasta man free at last ... you will not be needin ' this , then . he snatch up the briefcase , dance back a few pace . schuyler speak as if to a child . schuyler no , cretin . I be quit the game . the rasta man keep back away , put a hand to he ear . rasta man wha 's that , mon ? I didna hear you . schuyler be pursue the man , walk faster and faster . schuyler I say I - - shit ! the rasta turn and run , schuyler bolt after he , unable to believe this be happen . they draw a lot of look during the brief chase through the terminal , the suite businessman , garment bag flap behind he , in pursuit of the crazy rasta . rasta man help , help ! the mon be crazy ! he run into a men' room , schuyler follow a moment later . 52 . I N T . a I R p o R T m E N ' S R o o m - N I G h T schuyler have the rasta cornere now -- but he do not have the briefcase . both be out of breath . pissing men look wary . schuyler where be it ? rasta man get something better . the rasta man hold out a shiny key on a chain . schuyler narrow he eye , he 's try not to lose control of he temper . schuyler I realize you be just some bit player , but I would like you to get a message to you employer . this bullshit be interfere with my work , it 's break my concentration and I can not allow that to happen -- the rasta make a sad face , sniffle , still dangle the key . schuyler if I take that stupid key , will you give I back my briefcase and go away ? the rasta nod with a big grin . schuyler step forward , hand extend . the rasta fling open the door of a stall beside he and hurl the key into the toilet . instinctively , schuyler move to grab it , reach into the toilet , pull out the chain , he hand and sleeve dripping . the key be miss from the end of the chain . schuyler what the fuck be I do ?! rasta man Don ' worry , mon , it 's a world a shit . he drop the rasta schtick , speak with a ivy League accent : rasta man so try look at it through rise - color glass ... here . he take off he sunglass , fold they and tuck they in the pocket of schuyler 's suit . then he reach above he and pull down the briefcase , which be perch on top of the stall . schuyler grab it from he , raise he voice : schuyler I tell you , this be over ! I quit ! rasta man they all say that at first . he give schuyler a hearty slap on the back and stroll off , humming . schuyler lean against the wall , shaking he head . he put down he luggage , pull the sunglass from he pocket . close on sunglass -- there 's the image of a tiny gold key emboss on each of the arm . schuyler put they on , look around for a moment , catch a glimpse of himself in the mirror - - he look silly . he quickly take they off . as schuyler head out the door we see he from behind ... the rasta have slap a colorful sign that read " kick I " on he back . CUT to : 53 . E X T . L E o ' S - D a y the neon sign fizzle in front of this low- rent establishment . 54 . I N T . L E o ' S - D a y bell ring and light flash as a drunk play a pinball machine with a lot of body English . schuyler , stick at a table right next to the machine , wince at the noise , check he watch and rise . he make he way through the lunch hour crowd to the bar , lean toward the bartender , a gravelly - voice woman -- ronnie . schuyler I be suppose to meet someone here , a David Van orton -- I be wonder if he would leave a message . ronnie ' fraid not , sorry . he drum he finger , then whip out a cellphone , spin around quickly as he start to dial -- -- and smack into christine the waitress as she emerge from the kitchen carry a tray -- --schuyler get hit in the chest with a tray of dessert , colorful jello , cream pie , etc . he stand there , stunne and dripping . christine fuck I ! she start pick up plate and silverware , oblivious to schuyler 's own plight ; ronnie charge out from behind the bar . after the first shock , schuyler chuckle with annoyance . he wipe the phone clean , pockete it . schuyler oh this be cute . very cute . ronnie what happen here , you ok ? christine it be a accident -- schuyler no it be not . ronnie give christine a look as she start wiping at schuyler with a rag . he pick at he chest , examine the whipped cream , taste it . schuyler address the kneel christine : schuyler what 's next , a giant banana peel ? christine squint up at he , puzzle . christine huh ? oh I get it -- you be nut . ronnie chrissy , just apologize ... christine dickhead here be on the phone , he walk right into I ! schuyler Drop the act , you have be wait all day for this moment . christine shut the fuck up . ronnie go home , you be fire . christine what ?... ronnie you hear I . christine fuck you too . she throws a plate on the ground , it shatter , then storm off into the kitchen . schuyler chuckle angrily , push through the slop on the floor with he shoe , look for something . schuyler let 's get this over with ... where 's the next key ? do she have it ? ronnie stare , uncomprehend ... schuyler go after christine . 55 . I N T . L E o ' S k I T C h E N - D a y he cross past a short - order cook in the grimy industrial kitchen , pull a cube of jello out of he lapel pocket . he find christine in a alcove with a couple of locker , as she finish change into she street clothes . her brown uniform hang from a locker door , the nameplate " CHRIS " prominent . close as he finger touch the crs of CHRIS -- they even look a bit brighter than the h and the I . schuyler I wish you people could be a little more subtle . christine notice he for the first time . christine asshole , just send I the goddamn dry-clean bill . could you --? she wave a hand at he , " go away " and duck out of view , finish dress into punk - grungy street clothes . she slam the locker , start to push past he , pull on she backpack bag . schuyler do not you have something for I ? christine uh-huh sure , here you go . she put she hand into she side pocket , pull it out with she middle finger extend , move away from he in a hurry . schuyler 's face fall -- he make another mistake . schuyler wait , you really work here -- christine not anymore , thanks to you . she 's out the swinging kitchen door . schuyler absorb he blunder for a moment , then hurry after she . 56 . E X T . L E o ' S - D a y schuyler catch up as christine hurry toward a MUNI station , lighting a cigarette . a few pedestrian come off the step from the arrive elevate train in this residential SF neighborhood . schuyler slow down -- you do not understand , I think it be a gag . christine no , you do not understand . I carry mace and I know how to use it . she reach into she purse / backpack , schuyler back off . schuyler I be only try to apologize . christine shit , it 's in here somewhere -- schuyler Fine . he start to move away , then they both hear gasping o. s.-- on the step , a heavy man , 60 , in a coat and tie have collapse , struggle for breath , very pale . christine and schuyler be the only pedestrian around now . christine shit -- she rush to help the guy , loosen he tie - - he jolt . schuyler look up at they dubiously , brush a scrap of food still cling to he suit . christine reach in to clear the guy 's throat , start cpr . she shoot a look at schuyler . christine you get a fuck phone , call a ambulance ! schuyler approach slowly , pull out he phone , study the guy as christine give he mouth - to-mouth . schuyler this be just too weird -- it can not be real -- christine you really be insane ! schuyler lean close to look at the man . on the man' face -- sweat , contort , unnaturally pale , he eye roll back as he gag he last ... christine grab the phone away from schuyler , dial . christine we need a ambulance , guy 's have a heart attack near the MUNI station at 5th and market -- ( to schuyler ) what 's the number on this thing ?! schuyler I do not give it out -- ( off she horrify look ) 731-5723 -- christine 731-5723 - - yeah , thanks -- she stuff the phone in a pocket and pump the man 's chest , return to the mouth - to-mouth . schuyler look around uncomfortably , start to believe this be a real heart attack . schuyler be there anything I can do ? christine ignore he , all attention on save this guy 's life ... 56A . wide as a ambulance pull up , siren blaring . a couple of male paramedics hurry out with a stretcher . on the step , the two paramedics lift the unconscious heavy man onto the stretcher while christine and schuyler stand aside . both have small earpiece that look like hearing aid , with wire into they clothes . throughout the follow , there 's a lot of medical business -- feed the victim oxygen , give he injection , etc . paramedic # 1 ( to schuyler ) could you come with we , help we fill out a few form -- schuyler no ! I have work to do -- christine I will go . she climb into the back , they start to shut the door . schuyler wait a minute , you have get my phone -- he climb in to get it back , they slam the door and start move . the ambulance peel out . we now see the logo on the back : " citywide rescue system , " with the C , R and S in red . 57 . I N T . a m B U L a N C E - D a y the paramedics be intent on the gasp man . the siren blare , a bit muffled in here . schuyler , look out the back , be extremely piss , make a fist and almost punch the wall of the ambulance . christine chill , will you ?! schuyler I do not want to be here . christine neither do I , now siddown , get outta they way ! a bump almost send he fly atop the stretcher . schuyler sit near christine on a ledge near the back door . petulant : schuyler I would like my phone back please . CUT to : 58 ( new ) . I N T . h o S p I T a L E N T R a N C E / G a R a G E - D a y a underground ramp , sign read " emergency vehicle only , " a set of door lead into the lobby of a emergency room ; medical personnel visible inside , injured people , etc. , a few people mill outside the door . the ambulance screech to a stop , the back door fly open , the paramedics wheel out the die man and rush into the entrance , automatic door OPEN and close for they . schuyler and christine climb out , disorient , walk more slowly to the door . the ambulance pull away behind they . schuyler nearly slip in a mysterious dark puddle . schuyler oh , this day keep get better . christine what be you problem , you think the whole fuck world revolve around you ? as she say this , she walk right into the electric door , which fail to open for they . there Pov -- through the door the gather staff and patient all turn at once to regard christine and schuyler . they grin and wink . on schuyler and christine , who barely get the chance to register this before -- the light go out ... pitch blackness and sudden silence . we hear only schuyler' bitter laughter . dialogue over darkness : schuyler as a matter of fact ... christine what the fuck be go on ?! we hear rustling in a purse , but still see next to nothing . schuyler it 's a little hard to explain ... christine try ! we hear the striking of a match , there 's some orange light -- christine hold the match . the whole area be deserted , except for the two of they . schuyler kick at the glass door -- they be not go to give , nothing be visible beyond they . schuyler I seem to be play a game . this be suppose to be funny -- christine I do not get it . schuyler --a challenge , a puzzle . christine ok , I be puzzle . where be we ? schuyler have find a steel door with a glowing red sign : emergency use only . he yank it open and a pail swing down , dump water on he head . he 's face a brick wall through the door . christine can not help but laugh , then yelp in pain as the match burn she finger . light another . schuyler flip open he phone . schuyler damn it , no signal . christine here 's a lightswitch -- schuyler I would not -- she flip it on , a blinding strobe flash for a few second -- both cry out -- then the bulb explode in a shower of spark . schuyler I do not know the rule , if there be any , but it seem the obvious move usually backfire ... christine of course . I have no idea what you be talk about . they have take a few step forward , explore the dark . she light a cigarette with the next match , nearly run into another door . she rattle it -- lock . christine Son of a bitch . schuyler I think I have a key . schuyler pull out he key and try the gold crs key -- nope . schuyler damn it ... ( a beat , thoughtful ) wrong key ... christine last match . in the matchlight , we see schuyler fumble in he pocket , pull out the rosy sunglass from the rasta . he put they on . christine too bright for you , be it ? schuyler' Pov as the last match goe out -- christine glow red in the matchlight for a moment , then as soon as it go out , we see a glow of fluorescent paint on the ground ... a series of stripe and arrow in different color , glowing . this start parallel near where he stand , then radiate in different direction . christine be but a silhouette against the colored line . schuyler I can see now . grab my arm . christine no way ! you be crazy ! christine move away from he . schuyler stay on the path ! a burst of flame erupt from the ground close enough to scare the shit out of christine , who scream . schuyler hurry toward she . the flame vanish , she lurch in a differrent direction -- schuyler christine , do not move ! christine leave I alone ! she lose her footing on a slippery surface , fall , slide down a gentle slope . christine help ! schuyler follow . falling himself . they try to reach toward each other for purchase , but it 's no good , the slope be get steeper . 58a . in a moment schuyler tumble on top of christine in a four - foot deep round children' pool , but it be not full of water . there 's a bit of black light here , enough to make out -- --cockroaches , thousand of they , a teeming roil of insect in a churning liquid . there 's a buz noise , both scream . christine aaggh ! bug !! schuyler quickly help lift christine out . she start to pull he upward , but -- schuyler where be the glass ?! christine fuck the glass ! schuyler we can not get out of here without they ! he steel himself and rummages amidst the bug , about to get sick , finally come up with the glass . he shake they free of insect and clamber out to join christine , who 's gasping and brush the bug off of she . schuyler put on the glass and hold up a bug . schuyler they be rubber . hold onto I , I will get we out of here . christine ha ! schuyler Fine , stay . christine no ! she grab he arm ; both be now cover in muck from the bug soup . schuyler what 's you favorite color ? christine ... Blue ? he take off the glass , put they on she . she look around . her Pov -- the rainbow of colored line on the floor ... christine wow ... ok , this be kinda cool . hey ! schuyler slip the glass off she , put they back on . schuyler sorry , it 's my game . but we will take blue . he Pov -- a blue line move in a snake path ahead of they , go in circle now and then , intersecting or move parallel to other color , up a series of ramp . this space sometimes resemble a parking garage , scmetime a sewer or a steam tunnel . christine keep a hand on schuyler as he follow the path . christine talk about the blind lead the blind ... what 's you name anyway ? schuyler Sky Van orton . christine Sky ? be you folk hippie or something ? schuyler Far from it . christine I be christine kaminsky . schuyler Nice to meet you . 58b . later , christine almost hug schuyler now , as they move in a seemingly random pattern in the darkness . schuyler it 's a company call consumer recreation service , crs . I never know what 's gonna happen next . christine well , who do . schuyler until recently , I have a pretty good idea ... duck . the blue line have lead they into a narrow tunnel , soon they be crawl on hand and knee . christine so be you like a serious masochist , or just really , really bored ? schuyler I be sorry , you should not have be drag into this . christine well ... I have to tell you something . some guy come into Leo 's yesterday , show I you picture , offer I 250 buck to spill that food on you . schuyler ah . christine Said it be a practical joke . I figure what the hell , I can use the money -- I get he up to 500 . I hate that fuck job anyway -- schuyler wait , so the heart attack , you know that be a joke too -- christine no ! it scared the shit out of I -- schuyler but that cpr routine -- christine I use to be a lifeguard . schuyler ( point ) we be get somewhere ... the tunnel have open up again . there 's even a tiny bit of visible light now . he take off the glass , give they to she . her Pov -- the colored line be all join up from different direction . a few step onward they all converge at a point , like the spoke of a wheel , at a white spot on the ground ... schuyler and christine look around , then schuyler point upward -- a white ring overhead ... it look like the underside of a manhole cover , with a illuminate circle of light around the rim , a halo . christine how do we get up there ? schuyler step on the circle of white -- it 's a button . a rope ladder drop down . 59 . E X T . W a L k W a y - E V E N I N G a manhole cover slide aside , schuyler climb out and help christine up . it 's a short , cover wooden walkway in a alley . christine well , that be pointless ... but different ... kind of fun ... schuyler mm , a different kind of fun . what 's you middle name ? christine Louise ... why ? schuyler point to some graffiti -- a heart with " svo + clk . " schuyler you be suppose to be here ... they pick you for a reason . christine but -- why ? they start to move shakily down the construction walkway , both bedraggle , cover in goo . handbill cover one wall . schuyler probably know you would play good samaritan for that guy , drag I along -- but they could have hire a actor for that , less of a risk ... on the wall , a series of handbill say , " aren't you forgetting something ? " schuyler puzzle over this as they move , get to one last one -- " behind you , stupid . " schuyler look back toward the end of the alley -- a yellow dumpster with the logo , " consolidated refuse supply " and the smaller image of a key . schuyler move quickly to it , throw open the lid . angle in dumpster -- a mountain of shredd paper . schuyler roll he eye , sorting through it . christine approach . christine this be really sick . I think they be try to fix we up . schuyler maybe you can not play alone -- christine who say I want to play ? ( a sigh ) ok , what the fuck be you do in the dumpster . schuyler there 's something in here I need . he climb inside , dive in ... and pop up again in a moment with -- close -- a Z-shape window crank . sure enough , there 's a key emboss on the side . schuyler climb out again , brandish the small crank . christine what 's that for ? schuyler I imagine I will find out . 60 . E X T . C R S B U I L D I N G - E V E N I N G schuyler pocket the crank as he and christine emerge from the alley . pedestrian give they a wide berth . to a passerby : christine what be you look at ? schuyler head straight for the crs door , the large number 636 print above - - it 's locked . he try he little gold key on a deadbolt , it 's useless of course . schuyler this be they office . we must have be in they garage ... my office be just a few block from here , we can get clean up there . he walk a few step on , she stand still for a moment , then nod agreeably and follow . CUT to : 61 . I N T . S C h U y L E R ' S o F F I C E - N I G h T start on the skyline -- schuyler move from the window , as we hear a door OPEN . christine emerge from the attach dress area and bath , toweling damp hair , in a oversize Harvard sweatshirt and gym short , with a large plastic bag contain she filthy clothes . she look good , clearly she put some effort into she make -up . christine you turn . schuyler ( move past she ) find everything you need ? christine you be outta conditioner . schuyler my apology , I will have it take care of . help yourself to the fridge . he point to a mini - fridge , shut the door , a moment later we hear water running . she look around the office , let down she facade . she seem quite impressed , and intimidate , by the place . she look back toward the bathroom door -- maybe this guy be not so bad after all . from this point , she take a more seductive tack . 62 . I N T . D R E S S I N G a R E a / B a T h - N I G h T later , schuyler have clean up , be finish dress , pull a pair of jeans over boxer short , tucking in a sport shirt . christine talk through the close door . christine ( o. S. ) so um ... how rich be you anyway ? schuyler ( amused ) Rich enough . bit forward , be not you ? christine ( o. S. ) well , what exactly do you do ? schuyler manage investment , some venture capital , I be on the board of a number of publicly trade company ... christine ( o. S. ) so you just like , move money around ? 63 . I N T . S C h U y L E R ' S o F F I C E - N I G h T schuyler emerge , shoe in hand . schuyler basically . beat work , huh ? christine sit on he desk , with she bag sling over she shoulder , eat a apple . she slide off the desk , flirt rather bluntly . christine you do not look so bad , without the tie . schuyler look , I hope you have not be too put out ... I could probably get you another job , I have a stake in a couple of restaurant -- christine I be not much of a waitress , really . y'know , today 's be kind of -- schuyler can you type ? christine kind of a turn - on , you know ? ( get no response ) I do not mean - - just , the danger ... like fuck in a graveyard . schuyler mm . so where do you live ? christine realize she come - on be fall flat , she pull back , toss she unfinish apple in the trash . christine out in concord , with my folk , unfortunately . they be never gonna believe that I have be hang out with a guy like you . schuyler what do you mean ? christine nothing , just -- most of the guy I see have tat , y'know ? ( off he confuse look ) tattoos ... schuyler of course . we would better head downstairs , the limo 's wait . christine nod disappointedly as schuyler move to the door . CUT to : 64 . I N T . L I m o - N I G h T schuyler and christine ride in silence in the back seat . christine mind if I smoke in here ? schuyler yes. ( lean forward ) up here on the leave . as the limo pull over , he and christine turn to each other . it 's a somewhat awkward moment . christine so what 's we next move ? I mean , in the game . obviously we need to figure out what that crank thing be for -- schuyler I be not play anymore . christine ( disappointed ) why not ? schuyler I have a life . Jack will take you home , or wherever you want to go . christine yeah , maybe I will get in a little ballroom dance before bed -- the limo have stop now . schuyler have start to open the door . christine wait , what about you clothes ? schuyler forget it . christine c'mon it 's a brand new sweatshirt . so say , she pull it off . she 's wear a black bra ... a rose be tattooe on she shoulder . schuyler can not help but react . she thrust the shirt at he , he 's half out of the car . schuyler no , it 's not -- just -- back from the cleaner . christine ( throatily ) you dry clean you sweatshirt ... he nod slightly ... as he reach to take it -- -- christine lean forward , cup the back of he head and give he a long , hard kiss . jack the driver , middle - age and trustworthy , turn and catch a glimpse of this , quickly turn away . christine break the kiss , sink back against the red leather seat , wait for schuyler to make the next move . christine see ya . schuyler nod again , tear . she 's look at he expectantly . he 's clearly arouse , but this be such a inappropriate female . sadly , he wave a hand . schuyler good night . 65 . E X T . L E o ' S - N I G h T schuyler shut the door , sweatshirt in hand , the dome light slowly dim out out on the crestfallen christine - - we see she mouth a curse . schuyler move toward he mbz , the limo idling . he 's about to get inside when he see a ticket in a envelope under the windshield wiper . he snort -- insult to injury -- toss it on the dash as he climb in . 66 . I N T . S C h U y L E R ' S m B Z - N I G h T he sit behind the wheel , watch the light of the limo disappear . he sniff the sweatshirt a moment , then start at the sound of a motor starting across the street . angle through side window -- a mbz the same year , model and color as schuyler 's -- pull away from the curb , schuyler get a glimpse of something reflecting STREET light in the window of the car -- a gun ? a camera with a long lens ? the car make a quick u-turn and drive in the same direction as the limo . schuyler , curious , start the engine as if to pursue . then he glimpsis the envelope on the dash out of the corner of he eye . he do not put the car in gear , pick up the envelope instead ... close on envelope -- the word " OPEN I " be print in block letter on the outside . he open it quickly -- there 's no ticket inside , but he shake out a rainbow - colored condom in a clear wrapper and a note in kidnapper letter : " better safe than sorry . " schuyler frown at this and throw the note aside . he flip on the windshield wiper ( it 's start to drizzle ) and pull out . Pov through windesield -- a dark figure run from the curb by Leo 's , right in front of the car , schuyler slam on the brake -- -- it 's david . he hurry around to the passenger door and jump in , look haggard , scared , a man on the run . david drive . anywhere . schuyler Jesus , David , you scared the shit out of I -- david I be sorry Sky , just drive , please -- schuyler pull forward . schuyler where be you today ? david I almost do not make it at all . I be in the bar for hour , wait for you to come back to you car -- Jesus , I can not believe I do this to you , I be so sorry -- schuyler slow down , take a breath -- what be you talk about ? david the game ! it just do not stop ! I think I would finish play a long time ago , I pay the bill , then it start all over again , they will not leave I alone -- schuyler ( slowly , evenly ) calm down . what be they do to you ? david everything . it just do not stop . schuyler look . that 's crazy . yes , it 's a pain in the ass , but why would they keep play once you pay they ? david I do not know ! I pay they more to make it stop , God help I I even give you to they ... but they will not leave I alone ! he see the crumpled note on the floor , pick it up -- david what 's this ? schuyler it be on my windshield -- david oh shit , oh shit they must be follow we -- he crank he neck around , look for pursuer . schuyler look at he for a beat -- bang ! he almost lose control of the wheel . scene 67-71 deleted 72 . E X T . C I T y S T R E E T - N I G h T a tire have blown . schuyler drive on the rim , struggle to get over to the curb , brake hard and stop . 73 . I N T . S C h U y L E R ' S m B Z - N I G h T David 's lose it , look around . david they be shoot at we ! schuyler David , get a grip , it 's just a flat tire ! he pick up the phone , punch button , get nothing . schuyler damn it , the phone 's not work -- david of course not . schuyler ( climb out ) Fine , I will change the fuck thing myself . david just hurry -- I will pop the trunk . David reach for the glovebox . schuyler no , you can not do it from -- close on glovebox -- it pop OPEN and keys spill out . there be at least fifty of they jamme in there , all kind , silver and gold ... and all have crs stamp on they . schuyler lean closer , intrigue . David 's eye go wide as he finger a few of this key . schuyler what the fuck be that -- david ( whirling on he ) like you do not know . sonofabitch , they get to you first , do not they ? schuyler um , David -- hello ? 74 ( new ) . E X T . G o L D E N G a T E p a R k - N I G h T David get out of the car in a hurry , amidst the greenery in the park . raining harder now . david it 's more than that be not it ? you be part of it , you be one of they ! of course , it make perfect sense ! schuyler they plant that key ! I do not know what the hell they be for -- schuyler try hard to be rational , but David be over the edge . david you be behind the whole thing be not you ? you and you sick fuck friend set it up -- schuyler what ?! what friend ? get a grip , David - - why would I do that ? david I do not know , out of boredom , to get back at I -- schuyler for what ?! david for be a weirdo , for try to be happy ? well , congratulation , you win . now make it stop ! schuyler ( grab he ) I can not ! listen to I -- david fuck you ! David slug he in the face , schuyler stagger back , clutches he bleeding nose . David run , full tilt , into the wood near the japanese tea Garden . schuyler pursue amidst the tree and vegetation , run out of breath , call after David , who 's vanish . he lean against a tree , panting , dabbing at he bleed nose with a scrap of tissue from he pocket . he hear a phone ringing , move toward it , emerge through bush near the academy of science ... he pause at the ringing payphone . he decide not to pick it up , look around at the desert museum building and hurry toward civilization . he pass other payphone en route to the park exit ... each one start ringing as he approach it . he move faster , freak . at the edge of the park , he snatch one up -- schuyler ( on phone ) what have you do to my brother , you bastard ?! this be over , I be not play anymore -- ( beat ) hello , be anyone there -- phone voice if you would like to make a call , please hang up and dial again -- if you need help -- schuyler slam the phone down . he dab he nose one more time , toss the paper scrap into the trash . close on scrap -- " crs " with the emergency number , the blue ink have bled with the rain and schuyler 's blood ... scene 75 deleted 76 ( new ) . E X T . F U L T o N S T R E E T - N I G h T Pov through car windshield , as schuyler emerge from the park . the car suddenly move forward -- with schuyler . he walk to the curb , distractedly raise a hand for a cab , which pull up instantly . he climb in . 77 . I N T . C a B - N I G h T a age , batter cab ; plexiglas between the cabbie and the back . schuyler six three six Mission , please . the cabbie nod and hit the gas . 78 . E X T . S a N F R a N C I S C o S T R E E T - N I G h T the cab roar down the street , kicking up water from the gutter . 79 . I N T . C a B - N I G h T schuyler bite he cuticle , not watch where they be go ; the window be wet and fogge . then he look out , narrow he eye and rap on the plexiglas partition . schuyler you be head the wrong way . cabbie ( filter ) relax , pal , you will get where you be go . the cabbie turn in profile for a moment . he appear to be wear a hearing aid , a round piece of plastic , a tiny wire disappear into he shirt . and there 's something familiar about he face . schuyler glance at the driver id on the back of the seat -- close on photo , the man be the rasta from the airport , with a new hairdo . the company name -- " consolidated regency sedan . " crs . schuyler rub he head , very angry . schuyler why be you do this -- cabbie / rasta ( filter ) we do it all for you ! we be the best friend you get , no one ever work so hard to make you feel alive ... but you gotta let it happen ... the cab stop at a red light . schuyler try the doorhandle -- it do not work . 80 . E X T . S a N F R a N C I S C o S T R E E T - N I G h T the cab peel out when the light turn green , head for a pier . 81 . I N T . C a B - N I G h T schuyler look around in increase panic . schuyler what the fuck be this -- cabbie / rasta have a nice day ... the cabbie open he own door and leap out of the moving cab -- 82 . E X T . W h a R F - N I G h T the cabbie / rasta hit the ground and roll in a perfect stunt fall . the cab rocket to the end of the disus wharf and -- -- goe flying off the edge into the San Francisco Bay , illuminate by spotlight from the end of the wharf . 83 . I N T . C a B - N I G h T schuyler scream as the cab plunge and hit the water . 84 . E X T . B a y - N I G h T the steaming cab 's nose slowly dip below the surface . 85 . I N T . C a B - N I G h T filling with water from the car 's floor , from overhead . eerie light from the front of the cab . schuyler try to roll down the window , the handle spin , nothing happen . 86 . E X T . B a y - N I G h T the cab goe under with a burble of bubble . 87 . I N T . C a B - N I G h T schuyler crank the other window handle desperately , now up to he waist in water , water gushing in now . increasing blackness through the window as he sink . the handle fall off in he hand . 88 . U N D E R W a T E R S h o T - N I G h T the sink cab , headlight and interior light still on , schuyler inside kicking at the window and the plexi , without any success . 89 . I N T . C a B - N I G h T schuyler stop he frantic kick , try to think coolly . he 's up to he neck by now . angry at himself for not realize it sooner , he pull what he need out of he pocket -- the handcrank he find in the dumpster . he take a deep breath and -- 90 . submerge . underwater he insert the crank into the window handle hole ... a perfect fit . he crank fast , water flood in . 91 . U N D E R W a T E R S h o T - N I G h T schuyler slither out the open window . cheek puffed out , he kick frantically for the surface . 92 . E X T . B a y - N I G h T he burst to the surface , spluttering , catch he breath . a flashlight beam catch he . girl mister - - be you all right ?! schuyler , tread water , turn around -- a cabin cruiser at the dock nearby . a very beautiful girl in a yellow rain slicker , hold a powerful flashlight lean over the edge , toss he a life preserver , haul he toward she . 93 . E X T . C a B I N C R U I S E R - N I G h T schuyler clamber onto the rear ladder with the girl 's help , tooth chater . hold on the boat 's colorfully paint name on the stern : " poseidon' curse , " and in small letter , " costa rey SOL . " schuyler board the large , ritzy craft . schuyler thank you ... I be very grateful . girl should not swim in the Bay , you could get hepatitis . schuyler nod , look around , recover from the shock . schuyler I have to get in touch with the police . girl you be freezing , I get some dry clothes below . 94 . I N T . B o a T C a B I N - N I G h T schuyler 's wet clothes hang from a hook , he 's in a towel , start to pull on a fresh set of casual clothes . girl do you need any help ? his back be turn as the girl climb down , open she raincoat -- only a string bikini beneath . she could be a playboy centerfold . schuyler uh , no . I be fine . this fit ... ( buttone he pants ) ... perfectly . he turn slowly , just as the girl reach behind she . girl sure I can not do something for you ? she wink as she let she top drop . schuyler smile strangely . she take this for lust , approach he with open arm . he grab she by the hair . menacingly : schuyler I be finish play . girl ow ! let go ! she pound at he , try to kick . he wrestle she to the floor , kneel on top of she . he seem about to hit she . schuyler this have get to fuck stop ! girl you be hurt I ! schuyler who be you !? girl I just get hire to show you a good time ! c'mon please get off I ... schuyler get he rage under control , horrify at himself . he climb off she , she scramble away , afraid , cover herself . girl I be not into this kinda shit ! schuyler who hire you . girl I do not know , the service set it up . schuyler the service ? girl y'know , fantasy Girls . they say you have this wild fantasy , I should just wait in the boat ... schuyler realize he 's not go to get anything more out of she , pull on a shirt , grab he wet clothes and leave the cabin . 95 . E X T . W h a R F - N I G h T schuyler leap off onto the wharf . the girl , pull the raincoat on , lean over the deck . girl doncha want you thing ? I be suppose to give you this , this key thingie ... schuyler pause , turn slowly , approach . schuyler a key . the girl nod quickly , reach over the railing to hand he a SMALL wooden coffin with a black bow and a red key burned into the lid . girl they say you would figure out what to do with it . schuyler take it from she gingerly , undoe the bow , open the lid : angle in coffin -- a ornate hatchet with a key design on the blade . schuyler remove it from its quilted rest place . the girl back away , nervous to see schuyler with a weapon . schuyler I be suppose to carry a fuck hatchet around ...? relax . I do not want it . he drop the axe and the coffin into the water with a splash -- 95pt . they go under and disappear ... CUT to : 96 . E X T . C R S B U I L D I N G - D a y early morning , the rain have stop -- a rainbow arc behind the office building . two cop car , mark and unmark , pull up at the curb , light flashing . 97 . I N T . C R S L o B B y - D a y schuyler , in the clothes from the boat , and plympton , he lawyer , be join at the elevator by two plainclothes detective -- barnett and gallo -- and two uniform . plympton thank you for you promptness , officer . I be Robert plympton , Mr. Van orton 's attorney -- schuyler let 's go . seventh floor . 98 . I N T . C R S o F F I C E S - D a y schuyler enter , follow by the other . he stop short , react . wide shot reveal -- the same office , now entirely empty . the partition , the desk , everything have be remove . a small amount of trash be scattered on the floor -- the move be evidently hasty . CUT to : 99 . later . uniform # 1 speak into he walkie-talkie , cop talk ; # 2 poke around in a box full of shredd paper ; plympton confer with barnett , nod , then both of they cross to schuyler , who sit on the carpet , back to a empty wall . barnett check he note . barnett management company for the building say this floor have not be rent . we check with the Secretary of State and the county recorder , there 's no list of a " consumer research service . " plympton recreation service . barnett right . no sign of the boat or the girl . diver get the cab 's vehicle id , the company junked it a month ago . gallo , who would be talk on a phone in bg , approach . gallo the number you give we be disconnect , sir , this be the only address the phone company have . and we find you car -- it 's in impound . barnett I be a little confuse as to motive here . you say you brother send you to this people ... schuyler it 's not he fault , he 's unstable , he do not know what he be do -- barnett and they be suppose to show you a , a good time ? gallo ( a caution look at barnett ) my guess be this feingold guy 's use a alias ... be there anything else you can tell we about he ? schuyler spot a empty chinese food carton crumpled in the corner . closer as schuyler pick up and finger the container -- chinese character on it , the name tung hoy . schuyler he like chinese food ... barnett do not worry , Mr. Van orton , we will get this joker . schuyler nod , unconvince . CUT to : 100 ( new ) . E X T . V a N o R T o N m a N S I o N - D a y plympton pull up in he lexus , schuyler get out wearily . plympton there 's clearly a civil case once we locate the defendant ... schuyler whatever . plympton y'know , Sky , thing be quiet since the close -- you could take some time off . schuyler sigh and nod , close the car door and wave good - bye . he climb the step to he front door and plympton pull away . 101 ( new ) . I N T . S C h U y L E R ' S F o y E R - D a y schuyler enter and automatically reach for a lightswitch -- blue SPARKS leap to he finger , the switch have be ripped out , leave expose wiring . schuyler curse and shake he hand out . he look around in disbelief -- the wall be cover in graffiti . " game over " be the first one we see in the foyer , above the harlequin , who still sit in the only upright chair ... but now a glossy black and white photo be stick in its tooth . schuyler pull out the picture , look at it , hand tremble -- a police photo of mr . van orton , he body sprawle in a pool of blood . it 's stamp " property sfpd " in red ... schuyler oh , God -- schuyler toss the picture aside , move into he live room -- 101b ( new ) . I N T . S C h U y L E R ' S L I V I N G R o o m - D a y more graffiti everywhere : " fuck the police , " " sore loser ! , " " no future , " " crs rule , " assort obscenity . boom , as schuyler move through the live room , contact explosive on the floor explode beneath he foot , make he leap and dance . over the mantlepiece , a note be stick into a painting with a kitchen -knife . schuyler approach and rip this down . insert note , pan down slowly , x-close : " like my father before I , I kill what I love . Goodbye , cruel world , blah blah blah ... " a red signature arrow be affix by a dotted line at the bottom , " please sign here . " schuyler groans and crumple the note . he reach for a phone -- he pick up the receiver , it 's be melted into the body of the telephone . he throw it aside . he hear voice from the next room , enter cautiously , pick up a SMALL sculpture as a weapon -- lolc ( new ) . I N T . S C h U y L E R ' S S T U D y - D a y the television be on , play a silly - look cartoon . action hero fly through the air , shoot light from they eyeball , etc . schuyler lower he weapon , move to shut off the tube . more grafitti over the wall , the book , etc. : stick figure drawing of a man hanging himself , a broken heart , a penis , a naked woman , etc . across the wall , over the tv , be the word , " you be not alone . " schuyler press the on-off switch -- nothing happen . action hero ( on tv ) do not touch that dial , Sky ! on screen , the masked action hero stand proudly , hand on hip , before a colorful moving background . it speak in a cheezy he -man voice , a animated mouth . there 's a crs logo on its chest . crs-man ( on tv ) Boy oh boy , you fuck up big-time ! bring in the cop -- real mistake ! schuyler cover he eye , lean against a chair ; this be too much . schuyler no no no -- crs-man ( on tv ) oh you be always so negative ... schuyler realize this be a two - way conversation as the crs-man wink at he , make a stiff wave . schuyler you people be insane ... crs-man ( on tv ) hey , look who 's talk to they tv set . schuyler how do you do this , how do you get in here ? crs-man ( on tv ) simple , we dupe you key the day you come in for you physical , wire the whole house while you be at work . you rich people all have alarm , but you never set them , do you ? schuyler look , at least leave my brother alone , he 's fragile enough as it be -- crs-man ( on tv ) do not worry about he , he 's just play he own game -- at a more advanced level , you might say ... schuyler you can not just fuck with people like this , you do not know who you be deal with ! crs-man ( on tv ) ( laugh ) we know exactly who we be deal with , that 's the whole idea ! for a guy with you test score , you be pretty slow on the uptake . schuyler what the fuck do you want from I ?! crs-man ( on tv ) Sky , I just come to say good - bye ... too bad it do not work out , better luck next time . uh , there might be a few loose end for you to tie up , but remember -- it 's not whether you win or lose that count , it 's how you play the game ... ya big loser you ... the screen implode as schuyler smashes it with the sculpture -- crs-man ( filter ) ouch ! take it easy , my hot-head friend ! schuyler peer into the smoking electronics , pull out a battery pack , a small video camera , a loop antenna ; the speaker 's not dead . crs-man ( filter ) Holy smoke , this be a expensive tv -- he bash the equipment repeatedly on the floor with all he might . the speaker sputter out , the crs-man' voice at last silenced . the phone have start ringing during the above . schuyler , breathless , move around the room now , try to find it . he finally track it down in the bottom of a garbage can , cover with disgusting slime which he wipe on he shirt . schuyler ( on phone ) now what ?! manager ( filter ) ( beat ) be this schuyler Van orton ? schuyler ( on phone ) yeah , who 's this ? manager ( filter ) I be call from the claremont Hotel in Berkeley ... we have you american Express card , you leave it at the check - in desk ... schuyler ( on phone ) what ? that 's impossible , I have never stay there -- manager ( filter ) be you sure , sir ? schuyler pull he wallet , spread he credit card on the floor . schuyler Son of a bitch . 101d ( new ) . I N T . S C h U y L E R ' S F o y E R - D a y start on the dummy , propped in a chair -- schuyler seize it , smashes it against the wall , the glass head shatter . CUT to : 102 ( new ) . E X T . C L a R E m o N T h o T E L - D a y late afternoon , the company limo pull up and schuyler emerge . 102b ( new ) . I N T . C L a R E m o N T h o T E L - D a y schuyler cross the opulent lobby to the desk . a pass bellhop give he a nod and a smile . bellhop hello , Mr. Van orton . schuyler stare after the bellhop , whom he 's clearly never see before . he proceed to the check - in desk . before he can even introduce himself , the desk clerk turn to he with a tight smile -- desk clerk Mr. Van orton . here 's you credit card ... and the may find this under the bed ... from under the desk he remove a small attache case , place it gingerly in front of schuyler . schuyler that be not mine . desk clerk it have you initial on it , sir . schuyler examine the case closely for the first time , see the gold monogram , " S. V. o . " desk clerk we would just as soon you take it with you , in any event ... and in the future , you might consider choose another hotel for you ... the man trail off and move away . schuyler I have never be here before in my life ! the man ignore he now . schuyler pocket he credit card , think a beat , then grab the briefcase . scene 103-104 deleted 105 . I N T . C o m p a N y L I m o - D a y jack drive , schuyler in back , study the open briefcase in he lap . he seem extremely upset , fight to maintain he wit ... schuyler Jack ... the woman you take home the other night , where do you go ? jack ( puzzle ) out to concord ... schuyler I know , what be the address ? jack be a bit nervous , he do not want to piss off the boss . jack mmm ... it be ... beulah drive , I think , yeah , offa oakdale ... but do not you -- never mind . schuyler what ? jack just -- I think you follow we there . there be a black 500 SE behind we the whole way , I just assume ... schuyler shit . shit ! it be not I , Jack . jack of course , sir . it be a white house , I remember ... big tree in the front ... with one of that , you know , tire swing ... schuyler Jack , I be serious . it be not I . jack it be not you , sir . schuyler look at the man , who stare straight ahead , not believe he for a second . schuyler shake he head , look down at the open briefcase in he lap . angle in briefcase -- a set of handcuff , assort bondage gear ... and a few blurry polaroid photo , show a naked woman with a leather mask chain to a bed . one shot show she shoulder clearly -- we see a rose tattoo . CUT to : 106 . E X T . I m p o U N D L o T - D a y a female impound worker with paperwork lead schuyler through a maze of smashed car , etc . in bg , the company limo pull away . impound worker triple a change you tire ... bad blow - out be it ? anyone hurt ? schuyler shake he head . they have reach he mbz . impound worker oh. just ... we be a little curious about the mess in the back ... schuyler bend down to look in the window . he Pov -- the backseat have be slashed . a few splashes of blood , not too much . schuyler 's harvard sweatshirt be tear and stained with blood , crumpled in a corner of the seat . schuyler swallow , recover quickly . schuyler a friend 's dog -- he would be hit by a car , I drive he to the vet ... ( as the cop nod slowly ) Golden retriever , beautiful animal . impound worker ( hand Sky a receipt ) he ok ? schuyler too early to say . he quickly get behind the wheel . CUT to : scene 107 deleted 108 . E X T . C h R I S T I N E ' S N E I G h B o R h o o D / h o U S E - E V E N I N G schuyler' mbz cruise past row of similar- look , lower - middle - class home , a pretty shabby neighborhood . he park the benz . a white van be park just up the street , a loop and rabbit ear on the roof . pan to show the driver' side door ... a cartoonish logo with the crs man hold a wrench by a tv set in front of a rainbow , the word " cable repair specialist . " on the house , move from a whitewall tire hang on a rope from a tree to schuyler as he ring the front doorbell of a white house . at the door , a older , work - class man in a T-shirt appear -- christine 's dad , mr. kaminsky . mr. kaminsky yes ? schuyler Mr. kaminsky ? schuyler Van orton -- mr. kaminsky be that a name ? look , I be kinda busy . ( start to close the door ) schuyler you have a daughter name christine ? I be afraid she might be in danger . mr. kaminsky narrow he eye at he as we hear -- christine ( o. S. ) daddy ? who be it ? schuyler , very surprised , peer around Mr. kaminsky -- 109 . I N T . C h R I S T I N E ' S L I V I N G R o o m - E V E N I N G schuyler do a double - take as christine come down the staircase , wear a sweatshirt and short . she light up when she see he , then quickly hide she excitement . christine Sky ? hi , Sky . mr. kaminsky allow the relieved schuyler to enter now . dad well , I be gonna get back to that carburetor ... nice meeting you . christine 's dad wink at he daughter as he move back to the basement . she roll she eye , but mouth , " thanks , " and then move to sit beside schuyler in the modest , over - knick - knack live room : religious picture and statue , family photo , etc . christine I do not think I would -- what be you do here ? schuyler be smile at himself now , shaking he head . christine reach across he to flip on a lamp . schuyler last night , when Jack drop you off -- do anything happen ? christine no ... unfortunately . schuyler I think - - eh , you do not wanna know . christine come on -- schuyler I think they kidnap you , torture you -- christine what ? who ? schuyler crs ... I see picture , girl with a tattoo on she shoulder like yours -- christine ( touch she shoulder ) ssh , my folk do not know about that yet . so , what -- they want ransom from you or something ? schuyler no , I think they be try to frame I , they plant evidence ... christine why would they do that ? schuyler I have no idea , nothing they do make any sense . forget it , it 's just a game . christine so that 's the only reason you come out here to East Hell , you stupid goddamn game . schuyler I be worried about you . I want to see you again . christine ( think for a beat ) if you pretend to mean that , I will pretend to believe it . well , look like you pal be try to keep we together . buy I dinner at least ? schuyler sure , why not . christine ( rise ) I look like a slob , let I change . she hurry upstairs . schuyler sigh , wonder what the hell he 's do here . he glance at a virgin mary statue , squint -- then unscrew the head , it 's a decanter . he take a sniff and put it back with a bemuse expression . he take another sniff , notice something else in the air ... a wisp of smoke rise from the lamp christine turn on . schuyler peer beneath the shade . on the table be a frame photograph of a little girl who could be christine in a frilly white dress , hold flower . angle inside lampshade -- a new pricetag dangle from the shade against the bulb , start to turn brown , smoking . schuyler lick he fingertip , reach inside the shade to pull off tag - - in do so , he burn he finger on the hot bulb , stifle a curse and jerk he hand away . he knock over the picture , which fall to the floor . shake he hand , he rise distractedly , poke he head through a swinging door . 110 . I N T . C h R I S T I N E ' S k I T C h E N - N I G h T dimly lit from outside . modest , surface clutter , hang pot , etc . schuyler move to a sink , turn on the tap and run water over he burn fingertip . he shut off the tap , look around for a towel , shaking he hand -- the paper towel dispenser have no roll on it . he pull open a kitchen drawer -- angle in drawer -- completely empty . schuyler , curious now , open a cabinet , absently drying he hand on he shirt -- also empty . he try another couple of drawer , find nothing but scrap of paper , match . no utensil . he exit , a disturbing think form . 111 . I N T . C h R I S T I N E ' S L I V I N G R o o m - N I G h T schuyler pick up the photo to replace it on the table . angle on photo : schuyler slip the picture from its cardboard mount -- it 's a advertisement clipped from a glossy magazine , text print on the portion previously unseen . schuyler quickly return the clipping to its mount , put the photo back on the table as christine come downstairs , dress and make - up for a night on the town . christine can you get we into chez panisse ? I always want to eat there -- schuyler nod casually toward the photo as she sit beside he . schuyler be that you ? christine ( quick glance ) mm-hmm , first Communion . ( touch he hair ) what 's the matter , you look a little green around the gill -- he grab she hand away . icily : schuyler do not touch I . his tone alarm she -- he stare at she with hatred . a silent beat between they , each try to assess the new situation . she realize he 's onto she . she swallow , make a quick decision . suddenly she lean close to he , reach around he to shut off the table lamp . she leave she arm around he and hiss in he ear -- she drop she lower - class accent , speak in a clipped , educate voice : christine do not be stupid . do not say anything , not here , they be watch . schuyler ( sicken ; to himself ) God damn it ... she kiss he , he do not open he mouth , neither shut they eye . then she get up quickly , move to a corner of the room . christine ( back in character , accented ) ok , I know a good place we could go and like , be alone ... she glance up quickly to indicate something on the ceiling -- on ceiling , a large smoke detector with a red light , a cable from it -- there 's a small lens in the center ... a hidden camera . schuyler look at this , start to rise . she move to a window , out of range of the camera , beckon he over . christine it 's a beautiful night , be not it ? schuyler come up beside she , she nod for he to look outside -- Pov -- through window -- the crs van . christine whisper urgently : christine there 's four of they in the van , they be armed . just play along , I will get we out of here -- schuyler turn to she , he voice be tired . schuyler fuck you . ( to surveillance camera ) ok , that 's it , game over -- 112 . I N T . C R S V a N - N I G h T close on a video monitor , schuyler frame in a fisheye shot : schuyler ( filter ) -- you can come out now , asshole -- he move toward the front door , a panicked christine behind he -- rasta man' voice we be blow , let 's do it -- we hear men getting to there feet , see body move in fg . 113 . I N T . C h R I S T I N E ' S L I V I N G R o o m - N I G h T christine 's furious and terrify , dash in front of he , lock and throws a chain across the front door . christine you idiot ! come on ! she start to pull he away from the door , he throw off she arm . schuyler no , enough already . I have have it . he go to the window and open the curtain . through window -- the hack / cabbie , the rasta / Pilot and a pair of crs agent ( JOHN and peter from the man 's club ) hurry toward the house , the older man reach inside they jacket -- schuyler now what . christine get away from there !! schuyler ( step toward she ) oh , now I suppose they be go to -- the window blow in , gunfire , christine tackle he and pull he to the ground as -- knick -knack fly to piece directly behind where he be stand . christine and schuyler keep low as they dash for the kitchen -- schuyler Holy shit !! 114 . I N T . C h R I S T I N E ' S k I T C h E N - N I G h T christine pull he toward a basement door -- 115 . I N T . C h R I S T I N E ' S G a R a G E - N I G h T they dash down step to the darken one - car garage , mostly empty with a few random tool . mr. kaminsky look up from a game of solitaire , a day player confuse by the sudden commotion . schuyler what be this !? christine God , wake up , it 's a con game ! the garage door open , christine pull schuyler against a wall -- a " paramedic " charge out of the shadow , pull a handgun -- in bg mr. kaminsky dive for cover with a frighten noise -- christine grab a wrench and club the paramedic , who fall with a cry , clutching he skull . they hear footstep on the stair they just come down . christine hustle the daze schuyler out of there . 116 . E X T . C h R I S T I N E ' S h o U S E - N I G h T christine and schuyler dash for the benz , climb in and screech off . crs men run for they van to pursue . 117 . I N T . S C h U y L E R ' S m B Z - N I G h T schuyler drive for all he 's worth , christine watch behind . 118 . E X T . S U B U R B a N S T R E E T S - N I G h T a brief chase , the van pursue the mbz . 119 . I N T . S C h U y L E R ' S m B Z - N I G h T christine turn forward , she eye widen -- christine watch out !! 120 . E X T . S U B U R B a N S T R E E T - N I G h T the mbz sideswipe a car as schuyler run a light , he windshield crack , the side of the car 's crunched in , but he keep drive . he cross lane directly in front of a oncoming truck -- the van hit the brake to avoid get squash . schuyler skid into a narrow alley . the van , have lose a half a block , miss this and continue straight . 121 . I N T . m B Z - N I G h T christine 's look behind as schuyler drive . christine ok , we lose them -- she 's thrown forward as schuyler slam on the brake , reach across she and throws OPEN the passenger door , which creak from the collision . he give she a shove , she cling to the doorframe -- christine what be you do !? schuyler get out of my car . christine I coulda hand you to they ! they find I now I be dead -- schuyler push harder . 122 . E X T . S U B U R B a N a L L E y - N I G h T christine tumble into the wet gutter . christine listen to I you bastard -- I know what 's go on ! no one else be gonna tell you ! schuyler pull the door shut , the car start backing away . christine get to she foot , look after he . he reach the end of the alley and stop -- then screech forward . she jump to the edge of the alley , fear he 's try to run she down . schuyler hit the brake a few foot away . he lean across , call to she . schuyler get in . 123 . I N T . S C h U y L E R ' S m B Z - N I G h T schuyler you can talk while I drive to the police station . christine put a hand on the wheel before he can back up again . christine no cop , I get a outstanding warrant . ( off he look ) mail fraud . I will get nail , but you will never be able to prove a thing . just drive . CUT to : 124 . E X T . h I G h W a y - N I G h T the mbz speed out of a tunnel on the highway toward SF . 125 . I N T . m B Z - N I G h T christine look out the side window , light a cigarette . christine Heard about this big swindle and -- I need the money . you would not know what that 's like . schuyler spare I the snide comment . and please do not do that in here -- christine second-hand smoke be the least of you problem . ( blow it in he face ) shit , they really screw up , I can not believe they do not take the time to get the house right . schuyler wait , how do -- before the game , you be work in that bar -- christine they plant I in advance , you brother set you up . schuyler oh God , David 's in on it ...? christine it 's not he fault , he think it be the only way out ... just another victim . schuyler how the hell do they think they be gonna get my money ? christine honey , they already get it . she give he a pity look . schuyler throw she a sidelong glance ; this be absurd . she gesture at he car phone . christine you do not believe I , check you bank account . listen , that night in you office , remember ? I download file off you computer while you be in the shower ... camera move in on schuyler' face during the follow and -- dissolve to : 126 . -- schuyler' desktop computer as christine's hand insert a floppy disk and start hit key . christine ( V. o. ) I stick in a code- break program to glve crs remote access to Van orton Group file ... 127 . -- rapid insert from the crs office -- schuyler 's signature , financial form , a tape recorder , test form , etc . christine ( V. o. ) -- you would already give they everything else they need . you handwrite , voice sample , personal information , all the test you take ... they use the data to generate you password . -- on a crt screen as various combination of letter and number scroll by , too quickly for the eye to read . christine ( V. o. ) from there they just have to break into the financial network , transfer you holding into some dummy account -- -- pan over bank of computer terminal in dark office as financial readout flip and change , vanish . high number go to 0.00 . christine ( V. o. ) remember Jim feingold , guy who sign you up ? he 's one of the original hacker , do a five - year stretch for zap citibank . --move from deat finger at a computer keyboard upward toward the screen . polarize to show , in reflection ... feingold be face , lit by the blue - GREEN crt light , a mask of evil . christine ( V. o. ) he 's not some dweeb flunkie , he run the whole show . end series of shot , dissolve to : 128 . schuyler' face ... light through the fragmented windshield cast weird pattern on it . he 's pump sweat now , reach for he cell phone , dial , hand shaking . christine flick she cig out the window ; she sound regretful . christine I be sorry . they already do you brother , I guess they figure you for a family of sucker ... schuyler ( on phone ) overseas operator ? please dial the number for allgemeine Bank in Zurich ... christine Bet you have not really be take care of business the past few day , huh ? this " game , " the psych shit about you dad go sui ... schuyler ( on phone ) gute tag -- vile dank , englisch ... christine all of it be just to buy time , keep you from pay attention ... schuyler ( on phone ) Blue two -five ... 6- 9-0 -d ... yes , I consent to voice-print ... my name be schuyler Van orton . I would like to know my balance , please ... that account be close ?! christine ( nervously ) I think maybe you should pull over ... schuyler set he jaw , drop the phone - - and turn the wheel hard . 129 . E X T . h I G h W a y - N I G h T the mbz screech for a offramp . 130 . E X T . C o N V E N I E N C E S T o R E - N I G h T schuyler 's on he portable phone at a gas station / convenience store , lean on the benz as he pump gas . christine stand out of earshot , arm fold , stare at the dark horizon . schuyler ( on phone ) Bob , listen carefully , this be a emergency . feingold and he people , I have call all my bank , they have drain the account , personal and corporate , everything -- tell the cop I have get one of they with I , we will make she testify . they be try to kill we , I be head for the island in Oregon , if I can still find it . Bob -- call when you get this message and -- be extremely careful ... 131 . I N T . C o N V E N I E N C E S T o R E - N I G h T start on -- a thermos full of coffee , foodstuff , miscellaneous camp supplies as a clerk hold a credit card , hang up a phone . he look up at schuyler and christine . clerk they say I gotta confiscate you card ... schuyler sigh , " of course , " christine fish in she pocket . christine I think I have some cash . 132 . E X T . C o N V E N I E N C E S T o R E - N I G h T they emerge from the store with a couple of grocery bag , christine suck a ice cream pop . they toss the bag in the trunk . christine money be not everything , right ? schuyler be seethe , clutching the trunk lid for a beat , then slam it hard when she step back , make she jump . schuyler it might be best if you do not speak . I very nearly crush you skull just now . christine c'mon chill , what would they take you for , a couple hundred G 's ? chump change for a guy like you , chalk it up to experience . schuyler ( quietly , restrain himself ) just under a billion dollar . christine a bil --? ( nervous laugh ) you be kid , right ? schuyler do I look like I be kid ? this be about more than my personal lifestyle -- you pal raid pension plan , charitable foundation , company payroll ... christine oh my God -- schuyler I do not know what kind of jerk - off con game you have play in the past , but now you be in the big league , hon . you just help sabotage a small portion of the national economy -- and destroy a whole lotta life . he stare at she , she look sick and truly scared . he climb in the car . for once without a comeback , she get in the car quietly . CUT to : 133 . E X T . D I R T R o a D - D a W N the benz zip around a log truck on a dirt road . 134 . I N T . S C h U y L E R ' S C a R - D a W N schuyler , bleary - eye , drain coffee from the thermos and toss it aside . he glance over at the sleep christine , she head tilt toward he shoulder ; she look pretty sexy . he stare at she for a moment , sigh and turn away . CUT to : 135 . E X T . o R E G o N L a k E - D a y a beautiful Northern lake -- dense forest on the mainland , pine and fall foliage . a STORM come in , ominous cloud . the benz be park at the shoreline . move to find schuyler and christine , as they paddle a rowboat toward a small island with a surprisingly humble , somewhat decrepit cabin on it . a flash of lightning . CUT to : 136 . I N T . o R E G o N C a B I N - D a y christine pour a cup of coffee from a metal pot on a wood - burn stove in which a FIRE crackle . this cabin be genuinely rustic and run-down -- hewn wood , fishing rod , cobweb , rain damage , dust . water drip from the ceiling in a few place . lightning flash in bg through the scene , the STORM have get pretty bad . schuyler finish take out he contact , dropping they in cup full of water . he slip on he glass , then look at a few frame family photo on the coffee table in front of he . christine , barefoot , bring he a cup of coffee , which he sip gratefully . schuyler you be not have any ? christine never drink it . make my tit hurt . schuyler give she a sidelong glance , look back at a photo . on photo -- he rub away the dust from a shot show schuyler 's father , with young schuyler , on a boat with fishing equipment . christine take a step and cry out , clutching she foot and sit beside schuyler . a small fishhook protrude from she foot , schuyler hold still . he talk while he carefully remove the hook from she foot . schuyler sorry , this place have not be clean in a while . my dad build it himself , spend a lot of time here alone . ( regards a leak ) rotten carpenter ... he pull out the hook , put it aside ; she rub she foot . christine thank you . schuyler suddenly start laughing , wipe tear from he eye . christine what 's so funny ? schuyler just -- private joke ... christine tell I . schuyler well ... I always tell myself I be not gonna end up like he . and now here I be , run he corporation , live in he house , hide in the cabin where he go to hide right before he ... I even look like the bastard . christine look at the photo of mr . van orton , then at schuyler . christine not that much . schuyler mm , plus I be a helluva lot more gullible than he ever be ... the cell - phone chirp , schuyler shake off he self - pity , snatch up the handset . schuyler yes . christine mouth , " who be it ? " plympton ( filter ) ( careful , worried ) it 's I , schuyler ... I get you message ... I will admlt , I be very disturb ... schuyler ( hand over phone ) my , lawyer . ( to plympton ) so . what 's we next move ? during the follow , christine 's eye go wide , she shake she head frantically , draw a finger across she throat -- plympton ( filter ) I have be on the phone all morning ... you fund be intact , nothing 's change , there 's be no activity whatsoever ... schuyler struggle to absorb the import of this as well as christine 's behavior . she shake she head with a sigh , rise to refill he coffee cup . schuyler wait - - that 's not true -- plympton ( filter ) ( firmly ) it be true , no one be after you money , no one be try to hurt you -- schuyler look at christine with horror . she nod and whisper : christine he 's in on it . schuyler oh , God ... plympton ( filter ) listen to I , Sky ! schuyler what be they pay you , Robert ? piece of the action ? plympton ( filter ) schuyler ! look , you have do the right thing go up there , maybe it 's best if you just sit tight for a while , forget about everything , it 's all under control -- schuyler hang up , breathe hard , pace , clutching the phone . schuyler we have to get out of here ! christine approach he with a fresh cup of coffee , which he sip . the phone chirp again , schuyler throws it violently against the wall , it 's silence . he gulp more coffee , rise again , look at the smashed phone , sicken by he own loss of control . schuyler well , that be stupid . christine watch he closely . he keep balling he hand into fist as he pace , try to think out he next play . schuyler ok , they have get to he . ok . be there anyone I can trust ? christine mm ... I would not worry about it . schuyler ( a beat ) what do you mean ? christine it 's out of you hand . he take a step , stumble , shake he head to clear it . she rise , pick up he half - empty cup and head for the kitchen area . his gaze follow this , he realize he 's be drugge . schuyler christine !! christine that 's not my name . with a cry of rage he lunge after she , but crash into the wall , clutching at a hang rod , which fall when he do -- he knock over the table of photo as he go down , panting for air like a fish out of water , clutching he stomach , nauseate . he Pov -- sideways , low angle . sfx , blood pounding in he head . schuyler 's eye follow the groove of the wet , warpe hardwood floor , they lead to -- and almost seem to point to -- christine . another angle , close -- from the counter she pick up a small vial with a bit of powder at the bottom , slip it into she pocket . schuyler 's eye roll into he head as he struggle against the effect , try to get to he hand and knee . he gasp : schuyler why ... christine approach , stand a few foot away , light a cigarette , christine we need you to call you bank . cellular call can be intercept , reroute , y'know . she crouch by he , flick ash a few inch from he nose . christine all that call to Switzerland and chase Manhattan - - you be talk to we people . see , we be still miss a lotta piece -- access code , password , stuff even plyrnpton do not have -- but now we have I everything . I guess you be pretty fuck stupid -- but thanks . he claw at she helplessly with a groan , but miss . his glass fall off , he collapse again . schuyler' Pov -- everything a blur now , except in extreme fg -- the photo of himself and he father , which now lie on the floor . 137 . flash -cut to : flashback Pov -- the moment of impact , as mr . van orton' face smashes into the ground , he glass shatter , blood spraying from he head . 138 . CUT back to : schuyler writhes , fight the drug . 139 . flash -cut to : the moment of he father 's jump -- only in this hallucination , schuyler himself wear the robe , leap into space . 140 . schuyler' Pov -- from floor -- christine move into focus , crouch near he , study she victim almost clinically . christine it 's over . just let go ... the sfx pounding stop , and -- CUT to black breathing ... then scream , pounding and kicking ... 141 . I N T . C R y p T - D a y a wooden lid splinter as schuyler pound he way out of a coffin . dim light through crack in the wall , this be a old and molder mausoleum , other coffins nearby . fresh flowers surround he rest place , otherwise everything be completely decayed . by the time schuyler get out of the coffin , he arm be bloodied . he 's be dress in a all - white burial suit . a red rose be tape to he chest . he blink and stare about wildly -- he Pov -- blurry , can not make out much . schuyler blink , breathe hard , utterly freak . he notice the rose on he chest , tear it off , sniff it , then throws it aside with a frustrated cry . he stumble to the heavy door of the crypt , tug , then realize it open the other way -- he give it a push -- 142 . E X T . C E m E T E R y - D a y it collapse immediately . schuyler tumble out of the crypt into the hot sunlight . he 's in a ramshackle city of the dead , a spanish graveyard . there be endless row of tomb , rioting tropical vegetation , many flowers , impossibly bright color . it should be quite beautiful and peaceful ... schuyler what ? he walk around tentatively , squinting . a old woman in black sit contemplate a grave , finger she rosary . schuyler slip a hand absently into he pocket , and find something there , pull it out -- schuyler' Pov -- blurry shot of a note in spanish , with a key on the stationery ... schuyler blink , slip the note in he pocket . CUT to : 143 . E X T . C E N T R a L a m E R I C a N S T R E E T - D a y tight shot on schuyler blink , disorient , jostle by a sea of hispanic people on this busy street . schuyler' Pov -- walking tenuously . the world 's a blur , face move in and out of focus . they be dark , foreign , many poor people , poverty - scar feature . scrap of spanish . he grab a dark man . schuyler where be I ?! the man reply with a exclamation in spanish , push schuyler away , camera tumble -- objective shot -- schuyler 's on he knee in the middle of this third - world thoroughfare , utterly disorient . STREET vendor sell weird - look food , squad of sqldier march with rifle , musician play odd instrument ... schuyler clutches he head , as if try to wish it all away . a cop in beige uniform suddenly prod at he with a nightstick , yelling at he in spanish to move on . schuyler' Pov -- the cop loom over he , a blurry menace , the end of the nightstick sharp in fg as it poke at he . another angle -- schuyler plead with the man : schuyler please , help I , I be a american ! I be lose ! please !! this do not seem to help . he try to get away from the stick , but the cop pursue . he bang into people as he try to move quickly , the stick right behind he . schuyler fall over a beggar on the ground , in far worse shape than he be . the cop yell at he . schuyler cover he head , hold out the note with the key , which the cop finally snatch away . he study it for a moment , then bark with laughter . schuyler' Pov -- the cop reach down to he -- objective angle -- schuyler cringe , expect a blow , but the cop just pull he to he foot . he drag he away with he , speak more gently in spanish , amused . schuyler nod thankfully . high angle -- the throng on this crowded street . CUT to : 144 . I N T . F o R E I G N p o L I C E S T a T I o N - D a y a desk sergeant study the note , approach schuyler , whose face be now red , sunburnt . he sit on a bench with a vagrant or two . schuyler hello . where be I ? desk sergeant tegucigalpa . ( off schuyler 's blank look ) tegucigalpa . tegucigalpa ? schuyler that 's gibberish ! desk sergeant ( annoyed ) it be the capital of honduras . schuyler bury he face in he hand , nod . he 's relieved to have find a English speaker at least . schuyler right . desk sergeant so -- you have become , lose from , from you father ...? schuyler my father 's dead , God damn it . I have to get to the United States embassy . the sergeant cock he head , confuse . indicating the note : desk sergeant do you know what this say ? CUT to : 145 . I N T . a m E R I C a N E m B a S S y L o B B y - D a y a Hispanic embassy worker behind a desk with a U. S. flag translate the note aloud in amaze , unaccent English . worker " I be a american . I be a idiot . my father be very rich . if I become lose , please take I to the police . there be a reward . " another angle -- schuyler , utterly humiliate , sit in a chair on the other side of the desk . worker Mr. Van orton ... be this a joke of some sort ? what be you do here ? schuyler I do not know . worker ( a beat ) well , without any identification it will take at least a week to get you a temporary visa -- schuyler ( rise ) a week ?! Christ know what they can do in a week -- and what the hell be I suppose to , to live on ?! what day be it anyway ? ( squint at he watch , think ) where 's the nearest pawn shop ? CUT to : 146 . I N T . W E I R D B o D E G a - D a y a middle - age latina - - the bodega lady -- count out a stack of bill on the counter , beside schuyler 's watch . her store display jewelry , knive , musical instrument , as well as mystical candle , potion and bottle with dead animal in formaldehyde . pawn shop owner this will buy you a plane ticket . on the other side of the counter , schuyler sort through a BOX of eyeglasses , try on different pair . schuyler yeah , well I , I seem to have lose my passport ... the pawn shop owner nod knowingly . there 's one other customer , a shabbily - dress but honest - look honduran man , look through a bin full of sport equipment . he seem to have be eavesdropp , the pawn shop owner now exchange a few word with he in spanish , clearly they be come to some kind of deal . meanwhile , schuyler put on a rhinestone - studd pair of woman 's glass , look around . schuyler huh , close enough ... pawn shop owner I throw they in . ( indicate the man ) this man say he can help you ... schuyler narrow he eye at the honduran man , who flash a crooked - toothe smile . CUT to : 147 . E X T . G U a T E m a L a N h I G h W a y - D a W N a large , cover stake truck rumble by on a hilly jungle highway . 148 . I N T . S T a k E T R U C k - D a W N in the back of the truck , schuyler ride among hundred of bag of coffee bean , mark " cafe , producto do honduras . " he wear the silly rhinestone glass , as well as cheap new clothes -- short , a Spanish message T-shirt , sneaker . he munch on a mango , peek out a hole in the tarp at the pass scenery . he Pov -- a vista of spectacular beauty , ideally jungle - encrust mayan ruins against the backdrop of the rise sun . schuyler 's quite take with the view , despite he trouble . dissolve to : 149 . E X T . B o R D E R C R o S S I N G - E V E N I N G the stake truck be park at a U. S. border crossing in the desert . the honduran man -- the truck 's driver -- show he papers to a inspector as he walk he to the back of the idling truck . angle from inside truck as a tarp be lift . the inspector glance inside , examine a couple of coffee bag . in fg , schuyler hide below a bag or two , hold he breath . the tarp fall again , schuyler exhales with relief in the darkness . CUT to : 150 ( new ) . E X T . B U S T E R m I N a L - N I G h T mos , schuyler have be reduce to pan-handle for bus fare in front of a San Antonio bus station . a older man take pity , give he a bill , he move on to a couple who shake they head and avoid look at he . he hurry off at the sight of a disapprove cop . dissolve to : 150b ( new ) . I N T . / E X T . B U S - D a y angle on bus window , arizona / utah scenery reflect in the glass ... polarize to show schuyler through the bus window , exhaust , numbly take in the glorious view . dissolve to : 151 . E X T . S C h U y L E R ' S h o U S E - N I G h T all seem quiet , the house dark -- late at night . there 's a movement in the bush near the street -- schuyler emerge , on the lookout for any surveillance . it seem safe . he dig out a hide key from within a fake rock then go to the front door , gather up newspaper and a thick stack of mail from he box . he flip through it quickly , find a postcard that interest he and shove it in he pocket -- the rest of the mail he leave in the box . he punch in he code on the alarm pad , unlock the door and enter . close on alarm pad -- the light go from GREEN to red . 152 . I N T . S C h U y L E R ' S h o U S E - N I G h T schuyler blink as he enter the house -- the graffiti be go , the mess clear up , it actually look cleaner than ever . quick shot , jump - cut , the rhythm jarring . light low throughout , schuyler want to attract as little attention as possible ... 152a ( new ) . in the kitchen , schuyler gobbles handfuls of dry cereal , grab for anything he can find in the refrigerator . 153 . in the shower , schuyler scrub away the grime . 154 . in the bathroom , he insert a contact lens . 154a . in a desk drawer he find a few $ 20.00 bill . 154b . in the bedroom -- schuyler change into jeans and a sport jacket , tucking the money and the postcard into the pocket . as he turn to leave , he spot something on he dresser -- a white envelope , with a handwritten " to whom it may concern ... " schuyler frown at this . tear it open . react with fear ... 155 . in the kitchen , schuyler hold the handwritten note to the blue flame . he toss the burning page into the sink . close shot on the curling , burn note , we make out key word : " my father be right , " " no reason to continue , " " take my own life , " " I want only death ... " and finally the signature , " schuyler van orton ... " this suicide note be no joke . schuyler back away from the sink . quiet , determine : schuyler no. fuck you ... I be go to live ... 156 . I N T . S T U D y - N I G h T schuyler move to a bookshelf , look for a volume , find -- close -- a large , leather - bound black book with no title . schuyler clutches the volume . headlight shine in the window , a vehicle in the drive . schuyler move for a back door . 157 . E X T . V a N o R T o N h o U S E - N I G h T a car door close , we see a uniformed figure move o. S. , revealing a police style crest , the word " california residential security , " the initial " crs " in the center . schuyler , sneaking around the side of the house , take this in , wait for the rent-a-cops with flashlight and weapon to enter he house . then he hurry away , book under he arm . 157a ( new ) . E X T . p a C I F I C h E I G h T S S T R E E T - D a W N under a STREET lamp on a hilly street , schuyler reach into he pocket and squint at the postcard -- insert postcard , the message side : " S - it's safe here - D . " a arrow point to a print address . schuyler flip the card over -- a painting of a colonial mansion down a tree-line drive ... dissolve to : 158 . E X T . m a N S I o N G a T E S - D a y the same view of the same mansion , a very beautiful , peaceful spot . schuyler move down the drive toward the entrance . he carry the thick book , as he will through follow scene . 159 . I N T . S a N I T a R I U m C o R R I D o R - D a y a nurse lead schuyler down a door-line corridor , no one in sight . this place turn out to be a incredibly ritzy sanitarium . nurse the medication seem to be help . unfortunately we be go to have to transfer you brother to a public institution in a few day , he fund be entirely exhaust -- unless you be prepare to take responsibility ... she knock at a door , open it a crack and let schuyler in . 160 . I N T . S a N I T a R I U m R o o m - D a y a pleasant bedroom , and safe -- no sharp object or primary color in sight , discreet decorative bar on the window . david , in pajamas , sit in a chair , eat bland food from a plastic lunch tray . he watch a golf match on a tiny watchman tv , we will hear it in bg -- clapping , etc . he do not react as schuyler enter , move to he side . schuyler David ... David turn to he , half -smile ; food particle on he lip . david hello Sky ... schuyler sit close to David , upset . schuyler what be you do here ? david sorry , I be just eat ... I be much better . really . David do seem in control now , if a little hazy . schuyler thank God ... listen , I know you put they onto I -- but I understand , we be both victim of this thing ... they have steal everything we ever have , they be try to drive we both crazy -- but we will not let they . we will find a way . there 's gotta be a way to beat this bastard ! we be in it together ... he clutches he brother 's hand . David narrow he eye , confuse . david in what together ? schuyler the game . david oh , schuyler , there be no game . it be just a fantasy of mine , a self - aggrandize delusion ... I can not believe you take that shit seriously . schuyler ( clutching he hand ) no , David - - please ... david ( pull away ) oh , man , stop fuck with I ! you know the game do not exist ... it never do ! it never do ... schuyler stare at he for a beat -- no get through . David lean forward , turn up the tv volume , aim the set at schuyler . david can you see ? on screen -- a golf ball roll on a green and plop into the cup . CUT to : 161 . I N T . S F p o L I C E S T a T I o N - D a y barnett , the detective from earlier , have come out to the reception area to speak with schuyler , who 's try very hard to be rational . barnett so the waitress be in on it -- schuyler she be not really a waitress . barnett -- and now you be brother 's be institutionalized ... be there a history of mental illness in you family ? schuyler narrow he eye at the question . gallo , beyond a metal detector in the rear area of the station , gesture to barnett , who hold up a finger . barnett ' scuse I . move away , barnett glance at the leatherbound book , which schuyler clutches very possessively . barnett whatcha read ? schuyler nothing . barnett purse he lip , nod , step around the metal detector to chat with gallo . with gallo and barnett gallo I just speak with he lawyer plympton , he think Van orton 's have a nervous breakdown , we should probably hold onto he till he people can get down here ... with schuyler as gallo and barnett glance in he direction , gesture for he to approach . gallo wink casually at schuyler . schuyler , wary now , move toward they through the metal detector -- which goe off with a whine . the alarm monitor woman approach with a wand -- but schuyler step back , wide - eye . alarm monitor probably just you key , sir -- schuyler turn and move quickly for the exit . barnett yo , schuyler , wait up -- he 's through the door . the whine of the detector continue as we -- CUT to : 162 . E X T . B a R T T R a I N - N I G h T the whine dissolves into the screeching of a train on a EL track . 163 . I N T . B a R T T R a I N - N I G h T light flicker on and off in a move train car . schuyler scribbles intently in a brand new kid 's school notebook , open in he lap . he sit at the end of the moderately crowded train car . suddenly , he look up , eye wild , start scanning the subway car slowly , sensitive to it all . by now he 's definitely the sort of person you would avoid in a public place . intercut Pov with he reaction , as everything fall into place in he increasingly febrile mind ... schuyler' Pov -- slow pan over the assortment of nighttime rider -- a couple of teenager , a older woman with shopping bag , a drunk . camera pause on a patch of grafitti : typically unreadable scrawl , but the letter could be crs . camera move to the overhead advertisement : one for hemrnorhoid , a seasonal bank ad feature the easter bunny ... pause on a photo of a ecstatic california lottery winner hold up a wad of cash with the word " you can 't win if you don't play . " a man read the sport page : " game final 23 - 2 . " on the floor , a candy bar wrapper with a gold key print on it , part of a contest . schuyler pick this up , examine and discard it . schuyler ' S Pov -- a elderly man with a clunky hearing aid be look at schuyler with a blank expression . the man suffer from a facial twitch that cause one eye to blink rapidly . schuyler narrow he eye at the man , then look away pointedly . he put the notebook into a plastic bag . beneath it , cradle in he lap , be the mysterious black book . he open this carefully -- close , the book be hollow . Inside be a expensive handgun . wide shot from the next train car -- a figure in fg be stare through the scratch , fogge window at schuyler as he put the leather book into the bag with he notebook ... 164 . E X T . B a R T T R a C k S - N I G h T the train car shoot into a tunnel . dissolve to : 165 . I N T . B a R T C a R - D a W N schuyler be use the plastic bag and he jacket as a pillow , he eye close . suddenly there 's a knife at he throat . punk end of the line , man . schuyler start ; the punk keep the knife on he . he 's a young , glassy - eye junkie . he wear a radio earplug in one ear , a wire head down to he waist . schuyler nod , start study the man 's arm , heavily tattooed with crude cabalistic symbol . schuyler be the tattoo suppose to mean something ? punk ( momentarily throw ) yeah , they mean you be dead , you do not gimme what you get . schuyler ( touch the punk 's arm ) ok , there 's the C ... punk give I the fuck bag ! schuyler ( cold , deadly ) come on , you be not go to put I through all this shit and then kill I on a fuck train , it will not look like a suicide ... as schuyler speak he sit up , the punk grab the bag -- schuyler grab the guy 's knife hand , they wrestle on the floor of the car , claw at each other . the punk drop the knife , it get knock beneath the seat , both man reach for it ... transit cop freeze asshole ! schuyler and the punk look up to see a transit cop point he weapon . the punk throw he hand up , scramble to he foot -- punk psycho pull a knife on I ! the cop have grab the still prone schuyler , flipping he over and slapping a handcuff on he -- schuyler what do you think you be do , this guy attack I ! the cop have drop he guard ; the punk spin and bolt into the next car , squeezing through the door . the transit cop hastily cuff schuyler to a armrest -- transit cop wait here -- he dash into the next car after the punk . schuyler look at the floor of the car , see - - the SMALL radio and its earplug attach by a wire . the radio have a tiny loop / rabbit ear antenna on it . he snatch it up , then yank at the cuff . he spot the knife under the seat , grab it , start use the blade to unscrew the armrest from its post . from the next car he hear shout , scream , a serious commotion go on , he do not know who 's win . schuyler 's almost get free as the train slow , when -- -- the door at the far end of the car open , it 's the punk , bruise and bloody , ready to kill . he lunge at schuyler just as he pry the armrest off the seat and clobber he with it . the punk reel back . the train have stop , the door have open -- schuyler grab he bag and squeeze out onto the platform just before they shut again . 166 . I N T . B a R T S T a T I o N - D a y schuyler lock the free cuff on to the same wrist as the other , slide he jacket over they , move briskly up the stair . 167 . E X T . B E R k E L E y S T R E E T - D a y schuyler emerge and walk quickly , check over he shoulder , blinking in the bright morning SUN . he fiddle with the radio , the plug to he ear . we hear static , bleeping noise , filter voice . for a few moment the voice on the radio become clearer . radio voice # 1 -- can not let he get away with this , he 's outta control ! the next thing you know , he will push the wrong button and we will all be dead -- schuyler listen intently , lean against a wall in the shadow , breathe hard . he stare nervously at a couple of nearby STREET people huddle by a shopping cart , they stare back . another voice on the radio talk over the first : radio voice # 2 -- whoah whoah whoah -- ok the guy 's a moron , sure , but he do not have the ball to end the world ! anyway I be sicka talk politics , let 's get back to the business of nipple pierce -- you get a ring , do not ya Robin ? we hear the hysterical giggling of robin quiver . schuyler blink , recognize the voice of radio dj howard stern . radio voice # 2 ( howard stern ) ugh , we gotta do commercial , this be the Howard stern show ... schuyler fiddle frantically with the dial and antennas , call up random radio music , commercial , etc . close on a trash can -- schuyler toss he hollow leather book into it . it fall open , we see the gun be go . CUT to : 168 ( new ) . I N T . h o S p I C E - D a y track down a institutional corridor , a few emaciated patient in wheelchair ... they only come here to die . elizabeth , schuyler 's ex , 4 oish , fit and attractive , a few month pregnant , read to a couple of sad patient in a lounge area . she trail off as she look up , astonished to see -- schuyler , bruise , frighten , almost look like he belong here . schuyler hello Elizabeth ... 168a ( new ) . I N T . S p o R T S C a R - D a y Elizabeth back out of a parking lot in a 3oo - zx convertible and pull into traffic , schuyler beside she , babbling emotionally . schuyler I be sorry , I should not be bother you -- you be a genuinely good person , you work be important , it 's real , nothing that happen to I be real anymore -- elizabeth what have happen to you , Sky ? schuyler I need you help , you be the only one leave , the only one I can trust -- not that I deserve you help , God how could you have even marry I , I be a shit to you -- elizabeth no you be not -- schuyler yes I be . sometimes I think I be be punish for my sin , I mean , there have to be a reason ... CUT to : 169 . I N T . B R E a k F a S T p L a C E - D a y elizabeth flip the page of schuyler 's notebook -- page after page of psychotic-look scribbling , dense underline , many exclamation point . on one page -- " cruel random shit . " wider -- a few business people read papers , pick at egg ; a large - screen tv play morning program . schuyler stare at Elizabeth , await reaction ... she seem incapable of speech . he put the tiny radio and earplug on the table between they . schuyler this be one of they device , I pull it off they assassin in the subway . it 's how they communicate with each other . Elizabeth pick the thing up , study it , put the plug to she ear . elizabeth it 's ... a radio ... schuyler wave dismissively , " you do not understand , " take the radio back from she and pocket it . schuyler I can not find the right channel ... listen , I may not make it through this -- if anything happen , get that notebook to , to , the press , or the FBI or something . someone you can trust , I do not know , assume you can trust anyone . I just want you to know I be not crazy , and I do not kill myself , no matter what they say -- she stare at he , try to be strong , but she 's very freak out . a barmaid bring they order . schuyler stare at the barmaid suspiciously as she put a cup of coffee before Elizabeth , and give he a bottle of water and a glass . he test the seal . schuyler have this be open ? barmaid no sir . just like you say . he watch she as she retreat , lean toward Elizabeth , put he hand on top of she cup . schuyler I do not think coffee be safe . schuyler open the bottle and drink straight from it thirstily . Elizabeth register the clinking handcuff on he leave wrist . elizabeth schuyler , try and listen to I . I love you , I always have , I always will . and maybe this be ... good . maybe this a point you have to reach , before -- schuyler ( stare at she ) before what ? elizabeth before -- I be just glad you come to I for help . I do not know if I be strong enough to , to handle this on my own but I know a lot of excellent crisis people -- schuyler crisis people . crisis people ? a cell - phone ring in she purse , she make a exasperate noise and pull it out , with a " one sec " gesture at schuyler . he rise during she conversation , a new look on he face -- he can not trust she either . elizabeth hello ? hi , hon , I be ok ... um , could I call you back ...? schuyler 's distract by something on the tv ... he let out a strangled cry . Elizabeth turn she head to see . on tv screen -- it 's jim feingold , clutching he head , rub he temple with a look of pain . cheesy music , throbbing spfx . schuyler approach the set , shouting at it . schuyler you bastard ! you fuck bastard ! how do you find I here !? Elizabeth get up , try to pull he back to the booth , he push she away , not take he eye from the set . patron react nervously to the derange man . feingold ( on tv , filter ) ooof -- my head be kill I ! schuyler fuck you ! the tv image widen , a commercial actress rub feingold 's neck . schuyler who be you ? actress ( on tv , filter ) honey , have you take anything ? feingold ( on tv , filter ) sure , some aspirin - - the actress cluck she tongue , shake she head . schuyler 's start to get the picture . schuyler he 's a actor ... elizabeth of course he 's a actor , it 's a commercial . schuyler ( a revelation ) he 's just a fuck actor ... on tv -- feingold hold up a colorfully mark bottle of pill , study they with a shit-eate grin . soothing music . feingold ( on tv , filter ) my head feel great ! thanks to ambutol , I will never use aspirin again ! feingold give way to the image of a BOX of ambutol . schuyler let Elizabeth escort he back near the booth . he 's completely absorb in he own thought . elizabeth have you take something ? schuyler what ? elizabeth be you on drug ? he shake he head , wave he hand dismissively . he 's think about something else . Elizabeth start dial . elizabeth schuyler , I be call a friend right now , I want you to wait here with I until -- schuyler try to sound normal , clap she on the arm . while he talk , camera find schuyler 's other hand , which slip stealthily into she purse , lie on the seat of the booth . schuyler Elizabeth , please ... I be sorry , I 'ii be alright , it 's just be a hard day ... listen , I gotta use the restroom , be right back -- he move quickly down a corridor mark restroom and emergency exit . she look after he , quite puzzle , phone still to she ear . 170 . E X T . R E S T a U R a N T p a R k I N G L o T - D a y schuyler emerge from a back exit , look behind he , the emergency alarm sounding . he twirl Elizabeth 's car key on he finger as he jog toward she sport car . he unlock it and the alarm scream for a moment before he figure out how to shut it off , then he start it and peel out . scene 171-172 deleted CUT to : 173 . E X T . C h I N a T o W N - D a y Elizabeth 's car zip through traffic in a Chinatown neighborhood full of festive restaurant and shop . scene 174 deleted 175 . E X T . T U N G h o y - D a y hanging red duck in the window , a sign with a phone number in the window : " tung hoy -- we deliver " in English and chinese . schuyler argue with a old chinese woman behind the counter -- 175a ( new ) . I N T . T U N G h o y - D a y a cramped , funky restaurant , row of celebrity head shot on a wall behind the delivery counter . schuyler pursue the chinese woman as she serve bowl of noodle to a chinese family . schuyler he 's a actor , do tv commercial , I know he 's order from you , he have food deliver to a office building on Mission -- chinese woman many customer , very busy , I do not know , I do not know -- schuyler damn it ! schuyler stalk away from she , find himself face the wall of sign photograph -- on wall , old and stain picture , the most famous be the like of ed mcmahon and charo . among they be a new head shot of feingold with a shit-eate grin ... below , the name william fisher . schuyler leap on the counter and tear the photo off the wall -- chinese woman stop that , what you do ?! schuyler 's already leapt off the counter , bolt out the door . 175b ( new ) . I N T . E L I Z a B E T h ' S C a R - D a y schuyler be on the carphone , glance from the road to -- the obverse of the head shot in he hand , a phone number before the ( short ) list of credit , he flip it to show feingold / Fisher . schuyler ( on phone ) yes , Mrs. Fisher , I know it 's short notice but we be hope you husband could come in for a audition today , he 's perfect ... schuyler look annoyed at what he 's hearing . schuyler be not there any way we can get in touch with he now ...? I see ... he make a quick u- turn , the tire screeching . scene 176-179 deleted 180 . E X T . Z o o - D a y late afternoon . pan from the entrance to find schuyler buy a ticket and hurry in . 181 . in the zoo , schuyler prowl the crowd with manic energy . schuyler' Pov -- zoo -goer gaze at the animal ... camera find feingold / Fisher , wear casual clothes , eat a popsicle . he 's do he best to supervise three obnoxious child , two boy and a older girl . he 's just another dad at the zoo , far from impressive -- the wizard of Oz after the curtain 's be pull . when he make eye contact with schuyler , he pale , try to herd the child together as schuyler move in on he ... he can not get away . schuyler grab the man 's shirt . schuyler Bill Fisher , hi ! I really admire you work ... feingold oh please ... I get my kid here ... schuyler release he , feingold sheepishly avoid he eye . schuyler casually show he the gun , the man 's eye widen . schuyler get rid of they . feingold ( to the kid ) hey , everyone - - here 's a twenty ! snack time ! he dangle the bill over they head , the kide cheer , leap like dolphin after fish . the girl 's tallest , grab the cash , they run for a nearby concession . schuyler and feingold stroll together . feingold look , buddy , it be just a job -- nothing personal , y'know ? I play my part , improvise a little , that 's what I be good at , I still do a little stand - up -- schuyler I have see you resume . I be sick of foot soldier , I have gotta get to whoever 's in charge . feingold of crs ? Christ , nobody know , nobody get the big picture -- ( look away ) Jason , Tommy , cut it out ! feingold boy be throwing rock at the monkey . they give they father a look and saunter along . schuyler 's not interested in the zoo drama . feingold goddammit , why do they do that . schuyler how do I find they !? they office be abandon -- feingold they own the whole building , they just move from floor to floor . schuyler take this in for a moment , think . schuyler ok ... they know you , you have work for they . you be go to get I inside . feingold ( shaking he head ) uh-uh , I be sorry and all , but -- schuyler tell they anything , tell they the cop be after you , you have gotta talk to someone or you will blow the whistle . feingold no way , it 's too dangerous . schuyler cock he head , step in front of he . right in he face : schuyler you do not seem to understand . right here , right now -- I be the danger . feingold get the message . dissolve to : 182 . E X T . C R S B U I L D I N G - N I G h T light off in the building . a batter station wagon round a corner , pause before the ramp to the garage entrance -- the same garage he and christine be once torment in . 183 . I N T . S T a T I o N W a G o N - N I G h T feingold drive , look very tense ; a kiddie seat strapped next to he , junk galore ; he 's apparently alone . feingold we be here , Sky . they say they be on the twelfth floor . behind the seat -- schuyler crouch under a blanket . schuyler drive in , then . feingold look -- what be you gonna do ? really ? schuyler really -- I do not know . improvise . go ! 183a . I N T . C R S G a R a G E - N I G h T the station wagon stop at the bottom of the ramp . a beefy gate guard behind glass glare at feingold , who wave timidly . the steel gate rise and the station wagon drive in . the station wagon park near a elevator bank ; a handful of car , a few white crs security vehicle and van park nearby . feingold climb out , try hard not to look scared . elevator door OPEN and a beefy , frightening - look security man in a suit step out . he look around carefully as feingold join he . he take feingold 's arm and pull he toward the elevator . they wait . schuyler' Pov from the back seat -- just as the door OPEN , the Gate Guard step up behind feingold , put a gun in he back . gate guard you be not authorize to be here . he fire -- schuyler glimpsis a spray of blood , feingold collapse . the Security man grab the body as it fall , start drag it out of sight while the Gate Guard put a hand to he ear , talk into a mini-transmitter in he other hand . he follow the Security man out of sight . the elevator door remain open . with the guard out of sight , schuyler rise slowly . he look stunne and sicken as he let himself out cautiously , sneaking behind vehicle . the main gate be seal , he have no idea how long the guard will be go . the OPEN elevator door beckon . schuyler crawl on he belly the last few yard , start , find -- close , a rubber bug on its back . schuyler creep military style , on hand and knee , the rest of the way to the elevator . he put a hand in some of feingold 's blood , wince , then get in the elevator . 184 . I N T . C R S E L E V a T o R - N I G h T schuyler press the button for 12 -- the top floor . on panel -- nothing happen , the button light for a instant but goe out again . the elevator will not move . schuyler 's get exasperate . on panel -- he try button allover , same story . gate guard yo ! angle into garage -- the gate guard jog toward the elevator , pull he gun . schuyler start to panic , pull he own gun and point it at the guard , who freeze and raise he hand . behind he , the Security man approach schuyler from a different angle , he gun out . schuyler can not get a bead on both of they . security man you be a dead man . schuyler look one more time at the elevator panel -- at base of panel , a gold keyhole . closer -- the letter crs be print beneath it , very small . schuyler shake he head -- it could not be ; but what else can he do ? angle into garage -- the guard be fan out and get closer . schuyler reach with one hand for he key , fumble for the small gold key he receive at the start of the game . on panel -- he hand shake as he try to insert the gold key ... it fit into the hole ; he turn it and push the button for 12 . wider -- as the door close , both guard train they gun -- but too late . schuyler 's on he way up . 184a . the glass elevator rise through completely blacken space . schuyler stare at a bullet hole in the back of the glass elevator , a remnant of feingold 's murder . he hold the gun in front of himself in both hand ... then he close he eye , steeling himself , almost in a attitude of prayer . 185 . I N T . a T R I U m - N I G h T pitch black but for the lit elevator ascend swiftly through the darkness ... schuyler , like a solitary spaceship pilot , look upward toward he unknown destination . 186 . I N T . C R S E L E V a T o R - N I G h T the digital readout slow as it come to 10 , 11 and stop at 12 . schuyler come out of he trance , slip the revolver back into he jacket pocket , keep a hand there , and stand against a wall of the elevator as the door OPEN on -- 187 . I N T . 1 2 T h F L o o R C o m m I S S a R y - N I G h T --a bustling , noisy commissary . schuyler keep the gun conceal as he step out of the elevator -- nobody here be pay any attention to he anyway . there 's a cafeteria style counter along one wall , people chatting and laughing at Formica table ... amongst other , everyone from he game appear to be here ... there 's the rasta , the paramedics with the heart attack victim , JOHN and pete from the men' club , the girl from the boat , the desk clerk and bellhop ... also the honduran truck driver , the security people from he house , the punk and the transit cop ... and a lot of engineer . schuyler inch into the room , meet the eye of -- christine , who 's just come away from the cafeteria counter with a tray of food . she nearly drop it , look over she shoulder to see if anyone be watch . suddenly , schuyler be in front of she , back she into a alcove -- she hold the tray between they as if to protect herself . christine what be you do here ? for a moment , schuyler 's not sure . his voice be flat , monotonal : schuyler I be back from the dead . christine listen , everything 's ok , nobody touch you money , nobody steal a thing , that 's impossible -- schuyler I do not give a fuck about the money , I wanna know who 's behind this , who do this to I , how , why -- christine it 's just a game ! even though she 's keep a surface cool , he notice the glass and silverware on she tray rattling . she start to move toward a table , he block she path . schuyler you be not go anywhere . feingold , or or Fisher , be that just a game too ? christine what be you talk about ? schuyler I watch he die ... schuyler show she he blood - stained hand . christine look utterly perplex , then shrug , find a place to put down she tray . schuyler seem like a nice guy , actually , father of three -- christine well , look , I be sure it 's just another stunt -- that can not be real , taste it . schuyler you taste it , you fuck vampire . he push he palm in she face , she flinch , swipe he away , then put a finger to she ear as -- the elevator door OPEN and the guard and security man from downstairs burst into the commissary . suddenly the room quiet , many other be touch they ear . they all turn in the direction of schuyler and christine . the gate guard gesture at schuyler , attempt a smile . gate guard could you come with we , please ? you be not authorize to be here . schuyler grab christine , wrap a arm around she throat , put he gun to she neck . schuyler back off . everybody back off . he use he knee in the small of she back to push she brutally toward the nearest door , she choke and gasp . 188 . I N T . S T a I R W E L L - N I G h T the door shut behind they , the stair only lead up . schuyler shit , how do we get out -- christine stomp he foot and elbow he gut , break free and bolt up the stair . schuyler catch he breath and pursue . beneath he , the stairwell door open , guard pursue . 189 . E X T . C R S R o o F - N I G h T a high ledge surround the roof on all four side , a roof entrance at each side as well . the number " 636 " be paint large for helicopter ; there be air conditioning vent , duct , etc . a muffled alarm sound as christine burst through the door , follow by schuyler . she spin , she back to the edge of the atrium , a black pit in the center of the roof with a sink glass skylight , a white railing around it . schuyler slam the door , a large number 1 paint on it in blue . he throw the heavy bolt . he and christine circle each other warily , he gun train on she . pounding from the other side , muffled voice that can not be hear . for the first time , christine focus on the gun in he hand , then clutches the railing . christine wait a minute . what 's that ? schuyler address she as if speak to a child : schuyler it 's my gun ... christine we do not give it to you ? where do it come from ? schuyler a gun store . christine we searched you house ! schuyler guess you fuck up again . christine touch she ear , listen to something , then put she hand to she mouth , speak urgently . christine he 's armed , he 's get a real gun . Real situation , real -- schuyler step forward and violently wrench the ear piece and hand mike away from christine , the wire tear she blouse open . schuyler yeah , it 's real all right . christine schuyler this be all fake , trick , it 's all part of the game -- schuyler stop it . every word out of you mouth be a lie -- christine 's desperately panicked , fumble for word . christine the key !! they , we give you a key to the elevator ! why would we do that ?! we want you to come up -- schuyler of course you do . so you could kill I or , or frame I for murder -- christine no , no , it 's the game !! blanks , squib , high - tech special effect , none of it 's real ! just open that door and I will show you ! schuyler hesitates a moment , look in the direction of the door . schuyler I open the door and I die . on the door -- pounding desperate , but the alarm drowns out the sound of voice on the other side . schuyler turn quickly as she take a step towards he . he point the gun at she again . he look ready to use it . the follow dialog overlap and collide , grow aural chaos -- schuyler you move again I swear I will kill you , you bitch . christine think about it !! they follow you every step of the way , the cab , in the trunk , we have a diver -- schuyler they ? we ? christine -- the guy in honduras , the cop on the train , there be always a safety net , always -- schuyler shut up , shut the fuck up !! axe dent the metal door , which bulge . he look at the monitor in he hand , the one he tore from she body , put it in he own ear , let the rest of the device dangle . radio voice ( filter ) -- just hang in there , keep talk he down , we be on we way -- christine we have be try to end it since you get back , we people come to you house , they try to bring you in from the subway , you keep run , you be not suppose to keep get lose -- schuyler you just say you want I to come here -- you be make this up as you go along ! christine please Sky , please . take a breath and think about it ! schuyler stop. Fucking . with my head ! schuyler run a hand over he sweat forehead , the gun trembling in he hand . christine 's regain control . schuyler 's mind whirl , he groans , almost cry as he consider for the first time that she might be tell the truth . she step closer . christine you be all right , it 's ok , just relax ... radio voice ( filter ) be you there ? how 's he do ? christine please ... when you open the door , the game end ... just open the door ... Bill Fisher 's out there , he 's fine , nobody get hurt . why would we do the crazy thing we do , if it be not part of a game ? we think you know that ... he look at she , almost ready to lower the gun . he raise he bloody hand to he lip , about to taste it . radio voice ( filter ) -- we're at the North entrance , number 2 , just a few more second and we will nail he -- schuyler 's eye dart toward -- another doorway , on the other side of the atrium , like the one that 's bolt . the number 2 be paint on it in red . the handle start to turn just as -- -- christine lunge at he to wrest the gun away . schuyler come to he sense , struggle . the gun goe off , the report should be deafening . he spin , point the gun at door # 2 and fire again , several time . the alarm stop -- silence . christine stiffen , fall backwards onto the ground , clutching she blood-drenched stomach . schuyler just stare . Dark blood spill from she mouth as she choke in pain ... christine oh God . I blow it ... we blow it ... door # 2 open and -- david step through . he wear a brightly color , silly look party hat , carry a magnum of champagne bear a huge bow that read , " surprise . " blood pump from he chest . he drop the bottle , which shatter ... David collapse amidst the break glass . a blow of the axe sever the deadbolt and door # 1 fly open behind schuyler . feingold be the first of a group to come charge through , he wear a tuxedo with a rose in the lapel , hold the axe . schuyler spin , point the gun at this axe-wield man , then , utterly stunne , lower it in disbelief . feingold look from schuyler to the wounded christine -- she agony be painful to watch . he drop the axe with a clatter and run to she side , kneel . his voice crack . feingold you shot she !? no! ( look toward David ) qh God no ... the guard and security man come out on the roof look very disturb , follow by the rasta and a few other . many be dress for a party now . feingold look to they horrify face . feingold he fuck shot they !! rasta I will call a ambulance . the rasta dash downstairs . schuyler back away , drop the gun , stagger over to David . he 's gasping for breath . crs employees give the brother a wide berth , move toward feingold and christine . schuyler David , David , no , no -- david oh God , oh God , Sky , save I , I do not wanna die , I do not wanna -- schuyler you be not gonna die . I be here , you be not gonna die ... David 's already dead , eye wide , body limp . with feingold and christine . he hold he colorful cummerbund over she stomach to staunch the bleed . she choke in pain . feingold hang on , just hang on , you be gonna make it -- christine that stupid ... they stare over at schuyler , register David 's death . schuyler be now drench in he brother 's blood , rock he in he arm . most of the assort crs people move to get out of the building before the cop show , murmuring amongst themselves in fear . feingold oh God . I think you could handle it . all the test ... they say you could handle it ... christine yell at schuyler , unable to stand -- christine you fuck psycho , you piece of shit , how could you -- schuyler gently lower he brother and rise , like a zombie now . the big security man pick up he gun and back away with it , keep it out of he reach . schuyler back away from the body , start to shake , look as if he really have lose he mind . feingold sob aloud . feingold God , why -- there be no point . it be suppose to be fun ... schuyler look back and forth from the wounded christine -- who gasp silent curse , beyond speech -- to David 's body ... he slowly turn to the atrium pit directly in front of he . he 's strangely calm ... schuyler fun ... shift to slow motion : schuyler move for the edge of the atrium pit ... the other react in horror , shout " no !! " , lung toward he ... david' head suddenly move , he blink ... schuyler leap onto the safety barrier around the atrium pit . christine jump to she foot , perfectly alert , a hand extend , scream , just as -- schuyler catapult himself into space , and -- david sit bolt upright . david sky , noooo !! schuyler see this , too late -- he and david make terrify , helpless eye contact across the void , arm outstretch . schuyler have time to register he irrevocable error as he seem to hang suspend above the glass skylight for a agonizing moment . then he fall ... leave slow motion . 190 . I N T . a T R I U m - N I G h T schuyler crash through the skylight , tumbling -- sparkling shard surround he like star as he plunge , spin , scream . 191 . rapid cut -- the clown , christine 's face , schuyler and david as child , he father 's head strike the landing . this flash past so rapidly we can not quite process they . 192 . intercut with : increasing darkness , ground rushing closer ... on schuyler' face as he experience the epiphany that come before the end . brilliant angelic light suddenly illuminate he , he eye roll into he head , close -- angle from above -- the light be real , they have come on to show -- schuyler' impact -- he land on he back , arm outstretch , eye squeeze shut -- -- and be swallow by a enormous inflated lifesaving cushion that cover the floor of the atrium . schuyler bounce in the cushion a few time , gradually come to a rest , harmless bit of breakaway glass shower down around he . he do not move a muscle , he eye still close . closer on he face ... muscle twitch . his eye open . he Pov -- up the now illuminate tunnel form by the wall of the building around the atrium . the full moon in the very center through the hole in the glass . all the light glass elevator come to earth , pack with people . schuyler stare upward , mouth open , motionless . david come run from a elevator , leap up onto the cushion and bounce over to schuyler , a huge smile on he face . david hey , bro , how you doin ' ? get no response , David hop closer , squat by schuyler 's side . david admit it , you be not bored ... schuyler remain motionless , David 's worried now , grab he arm and start shaking he . david Jesus . Sky , c'mon Sky -- schuyler begin to laugh , a tremendous catharsis . david laugh too , greatly relieved as he help schuyler to he foot . the two brother clutch each other for support on the bouncing surface , laughing . crs employees have gather around the cushion , cheering and applauding . schuyler wipe he eye , shaking he head with amazement . then he haul back and slug david in the jaw , send he fly onto he back on the cushion . more cheer from the crowd , as if they be watch a box match . CUT to : 193 . I N T . C R S L o B B y - N I G h T the hallelujah chorus from handel 's " messiah " play . schuyler and david enter together from the atrium , the cushion deflate behind they . David lick blood from he lip , rub he jaw . david you have be want to do that for a long , long time , have not you ? schuyler half -smile . the security man unlock schuyler 's handcuffs , give he back he gun , which schuyler stare at . david like they would really leave a load gun lie around . they go over the whole place with a metal detector , then pack that thing with blank . they turn a corner into the main lobby , schuyler absently pocket the gun , look up in wonder ... schuyler' Pov -- a surprise party : a stereo , streamer and balloon , a champagne fountain , cake and food . crs employees ( mostly ordinary - look office worker ) clap and cheer for schuyler . they wear party hat , blow plastic horn . smiling people eager to offer congratulation surround he . he 's pretty shaky , like a newborn calf . JOHN and pete shake he hand . JOHN good one , buddy , really have you go , do not we ? pete wait will you try level two ... ( a wink ) joke . the rasta slap he back , schuyler instinctively look over he shoulder for a gag message . rasta that look on you face up there ? shit , man , I almost lose it . the receptionist pop a bottle of dom perignon , hand it to Sky . receptionist awesome game -- best I have see . not know what else to do , schuyler take a slug . the girl from the boat kiss he cheek . technician , man with stunt UNLIMITED t-shirt , the nurse from the asylum , the security people , crs guard , agent , all want a piece of he at once . the " messiah " fade and a R &amp ; B band break into rousing music as feingold approach and stick a cigar in he mouth , light it . feingold sure glad you jump , compadre . otherwise I be suppose to throw you off . ( whisper ) it 's not strictly legal , so do not tell anyone ... ( a beat , off schuyler 's look ) the cigar . it 's a monte cristo , straight from Havana . christine approach , wobbly and daze herself ; she touch he arm . her voice be soft for the first time , accent go . christine hey ... you all right ? schuyler ( nod slowly ) I think so . you ? christine Little shook . I be pretty much a method actress , y'know ? schuyler what 's you name ? christine Susan . Susan Waters . schuyler Nice to meet you , Susan ... christine can I have a puff ? he give she a drag on he cigar . schuyler look , I have to know . who 's really in charge ? she shrug , blow a smoke ring and stick she finger through it . christine God ? she wink and stroll off . schuyler smile , look after she . dancing be start up in bg . a clutch of non-cr people approach tentatively -- include plympton , elizabeth , maria and jack . they all look very confuse . plympton what be this , Sky ? we get a call from you brother , say there be a surprise party ... elizabeth kind of late for you birthday , be not it ? schuyler laugh , give she a hug , surprising she . he still have a giddy smile plaster on he face . elizabeth if you want to borrow my car , you could have just ask -- schuyler I know , Liz , I have be a idiot , and I be sorry ... plympton you ok ? schuyler yeah -- I be good , really . happy to be alive ... listen , it 's great to see all of you , thanks for come -- but there 's something I have to do . Excuse I . he move away quickly . scene 194-197 deleted 198 ( new ) . I N T . m E N ' S R o o m - N I G h T schuyler flush and move away from a urinal . David wait a few foot away by the sink and mirror ; schuyler start slightly . david so what 's the object of the game ? schuyler ( a beat ) what game ? david very good ... schuyler ( rinsing he hand ) be it always like this ? david mine be a little weirder . tell you about it sometime . David pull out a colored envelope , slip it into schuyler 's shirt . schuyler look at he curiously as he dry he hand . david the bill . it 's itemize . do not bother open it now ... schuyler ( open it ) I think it be a gift . david well , no , the card be the gift , the rest be up to you . camera follows as David hurry out of the rest room , schuyler behind he , flipping page of a long , long bill -- 199 ( new ) . I N T . C R S L o B B y - N I G h T -- we rejoin the party , which be now in full swing . schuyler stand alone at the periphery of the dance floor with the bill . he hit the bottom line ... he blink and gasp . christine appear , take he hand and pull he away . schuyler what ? where be we go ? christine do it matter ? they move into a stairwell and start climb o. S. , they hand all over each other . we hear the music and festivity continue in bg . camera hold for a beat on a sign paint on the wall with a arrow upward : " level 2 ... " CUT to black