" the war have begin . we country be be invade . they have take the first swim pool . " ionesco [ 1 ] it be a radiantly beautiful Sunday afternoon . a man be walk through a wood barefoot and in bathing trunk . his step be jaunty , and he be whistling . dapple of yellow sunlight slant through the leafy bough overhead onto he tan , lean-muscled body . the man 's name be ned merrill . he be in he mid-forty . although he handsome , even -feature face show the mark of he age more than he body do , it be at the moment a youthful face , boyishly exultant with a feel of well - be . now and then ned leap gracefully from rock to rock in he path -- with the coordination of a lifelong athlete . everything about he -- he health , he physical beauty , he happiness -- seem to be a celebration of life on this lovely day . [ 2 ] the westerhazys suddenly he burst out of the wood onto a perfect suburban scene : the garden , swim pool , and glisten white ridge - top house of helen and Don westerhazy . they be sit on they colorful terrace . helen 's eye be close . her body be inert . Don be sip a drink . both wear bathing suit . when ned see they he let out a whoop of greeting and break into a dog trot across the lawn . at the sound of the shout Don and helen lift they head to squint at the approach figure . as ned come closer , Don stand up and shade he eye . ned have reach the edge of the garden . he run past a female nude in marble , pause for a instant to slap it sharply and sassily on the buttock , laugh with pleasure at he action and continue toward the pool . by this time Don and helen have recognize he and be wave . ned reach the edge of the pool and without break he stride he leap and arch into the high , flat trajectory of a racing dive . he swim with a perfect crawl and a powerful kick . the blue water break up into the diamond - shine of splashes and bubbles as he cut through it to the end of the pool . he kick away with a well - execute racing turn and swim another length . he do this again and again with untire vigor and stop only when he see Don sit on the diving board offer he a martini . ned burst from the water , grin , and reach for the glass . ned hey ! thanks ! he tread water , hold the glass up in a silent toast , and drink the icy - cold delicious gin . don so it 's not because we service be bad ? ned ( laugh ) what do you mean ? don we have not see you for so damn long -- ned ( grin ) oh , well -- you know how it be ! don where have you be keep yourself ? ned oh -- here and there , here and there -- what a day ! ever see such a glorious day ? he finish the drink , hand the glass to Don , and heave himself easily and gracefully over the side of the pool . they cross to the terrace . don God , it 's wonderful to see you ! you look great ! ned ( enthusiastic ) so do you -- ( Don give he a sour look ) well , a little pale around the edge -- don I drank too much last night . they have reach helen , stretch out on the chaise . helen ( happily ) neddy ! ned ( rest he hand on she foot ) how beautiful be thy foot in sandal , o Prince 's daughter ! they burst into laughter . she hold out she arm . he bend down to kiss she ; suddenly she drop she head back on the chaise and groan . ned ( smile at she ) Bet you drank too much last night ! Don have ease himself gingerly into a chair . he look at ned 's drip , glow face . don be not he a sight for sore eye ? helen oh , neddy , we have miss you ! don come on now , sit down and tell we everything . helen where be you come from ? ned oh , I be around -- think I would come over and have a swim with you . ( he gesture ) look at that water ! look at that sun ! don ( squint and grimace , then give up and close he eye ) know what I think ? I think everybody drank too much last night . helen it be that rum . I drank too much of that rum . ned whose party ? helen we own . do not worry . you do not miss a thing . don usual Saturday night blowout . helen same old joke , same old face . we have all know each other so long there 's not even anyone to flirt with . ned ( teasing ) I would have flirt with you . helen ( affectionately ) you be practically a new face ! don how're thing , ned ? have a good summer ? ned ( exuberant ) oh sure ! just great ! ( he bend over helen again ) come on , love , how about a swim ? helen ( weakly ) uh-uh . ned ( take she by the hand ) come on , put oxygen in you blood . good for a hangover . helen ( groan ) what in the world make you think I be hang over ? ned ( tug at she hand ) I will race you ! helen ( plead ) neddy ! please ! no ! he release she . she settles back and close she eye . ned how about it , Don ? don be you kid ? helen ( with a vague wave towards the bar tray ) relax , neddy -- have a drink . ( she open she eye ) go on -- sit down and tell we what you have be up to . at this moment the screen door slam , and a man come out of the house . it be stu forsburgh . he be ned 's age but , unlike ned , show it . he be overweight , with a paunch and thinning hair . he be dress in trousers , shirt and tie , and a sport jacket . ned ( astonished and delighted ) stu forsburgh ! stu be equally delighted . they clasp each other warmly . stu how be you , Sport ? ned okay ! never better ! stu I be so glad to see you , you old monster ! ned what the hell be you do here ? stu just stop over -- be up on the cape for three week -- how 's lucinda ? ned she 's great ! stu and the girl ? ned all grow up -- and beautiful , stu , just beautiful ! stu ( give hima good look ) do not know how you do it -- you have not change a bit ! ned hey , where would you get this ? ( he pat stu 's paunch ) why have you get all that clothes on ? stu we get to get into town and catch a plane . Peggy 's pack . ned ( appal ) on a day like this -- you be go to take a plane ? do not give I that , man ! stu get to get back to the shop -- ned stu 's wife , ( grab he lapel ) do you know how long it 's be since we have a swim together ? stu do not remind I -- don ( at the drink bay ) what will you have , stu ? ned ( to Don and helen ) we be old bunk mate . we go to the same camp when we be kid ! stu ( to Don ) gee , I do not know . I drank too much last night . don ( lift the pitcher ) a dilute martini ? stu okay . ( to ned ) Boy , I be out of practice for the kind of party you throw around here . we do not go in for that in Columbus unless it 's New Year 's Eve - - ned I tell you not to accept that transfer . stu what else could I do ? ned ( indignantly ) I would have quit before I would let anyone send I to the province . stu well -- it 's healthy . Peggy , lean out of a upstairs window and call : peggy stu ! do you pack the pill case ? ned ( hoot at stu ) healthy ! stu ( call to Peggy ) the vitamin case be on the night table , honey ! peggy ( with a big smile ) do not tell I that 's ned merrill down there ? ned ( wave ) how be you , honeybunch ? come on down ! peggy half a minute ! she disappear from the window . ned God , stu , I do not realize how much I miss that ugly old mug of yours ! listen , get out of that clothes -- we will have one quick swim ! stu not up to it . beginning to feel my age -- ned you crazy ? you be a year young than I be ! stu yeah ! you be always pull seniority on I at camp -- ned remember how we use to take off we suit and swim for mile up that river ? we just never get tired -- stu thirteen , fourteen , fifteen -- we have nice new pink lung in that day . ned the water up there , remember ? that transparent , light green water ! it -- it feel different ! ( the memory of it show in he eye ) what a beautiful feel ! we could have swum around the world in that day ! stu that be before we ever touch a drink or a cigarette . don or a girl . helen ( rouse herself ) that do not sap a man 's strength ! ned or I would be in a wheel chair today ! Peggy have come out of the house . she be lithe and attractive and only slightly tense under she badinage . peggy ned merrill -- still brag ! ned cross to she and hug she . peggy oh I have hear that old schoolboy storey ! you all make they up ! ned figure that out , have you ? ( he hug she again ) now let 's settle this nonsense about you take a plane . peggy ( indicate stu ) settle it with he . I like it here . more and more . ned lucinda will be disappointed as hell -- peggy well I do not think that 's exactly true . ned ( to stu ) I can run you over to the house in ten minute --— there be a small uncomfortable pause . Don give helen a slightly worried look . ned ( urge ) come for a minute -- just to say hello -- ( to Don ) okay if I borrow you car ? don ( confuse ) well , sure , but -- he look at helen . helen ( quickly , to ned ) honestly they have not time . we promise to stop at the graham for a quick goodbye drink . you come with we . peggy ( she eye still on ned ) of course he will come with we . helen ( to ned ) you have not see they new pool , have you ? ned whose pool ? helen the graham ' . ned ( puzzle ) do the graham put in a pool ? he cross to the balustrade along the outer edge of the pool terrace and look down . from this hilltop can be see the lush green valley below , crisscross by road , dot here and there with house , a church spire . don ( laugh ) uh huh ! they nurse it like a baby ! ned ( peer over the valley as if try to find the graham ' house and pool ) when do the graham put in a pool ? don last June . ned ( still puzzle ) last June ? helen ( to Peggy ) do you get the suit off the line ? peggy my God , I forget all about they . ned stare over the valley . a faraway look have come into he eye . helen if they be still damp , I have some plastic bag you can use . stu ( to Peggy ) better get they , honey , and finish pack . peggy ( she eye on ned ) oh there 's time -- she cross to get a drink . ned ( suddenly ) listen , the biswanger have a pool , have not they ? don biswanger ? helen you know , that awful people on Red coat Road . they be always talk about they Caribbean cruise or they electric toothbrush -- ( to ned ) sure , they have a big pool . ned ( almost to himself ) I could do it . he frown with concentration . he be think hard and hear none of the follow small talk . stu ( to Peggy ) go on , honey , finish pack . peggy ( she eye on ned ) I will in a minute ! stu if we miss that plane -- peggy ( irritate ) Columbus be not go to fly away , you know ! stu I want to put the suitcase in the car . don do not worry , I will get you to the airport -- suddenly ned let out a whoop of triumph . ned I could do it . I could really do it ! helen do what , neddy ? ned now with the graham there 's a string of pool that curve clear across the county to we house ! listen -- ( he count carefully on he finger ) the graham , the lear , the bunker . then a portage through the pastern 's riding ring to the lindley and the halloran and over the ridge to the gilmartin and Eric hammar 's . then up alewive Lane to the biswanger , then , uh , wait a minute -- who 's next -- I can not think -- ( he look at they , panicky ) I have it a minute ago , I - - who be it ? ( he panic increase ) who be it ? who 's next to the biswanger ? helen ( gently ) shirley abbott . ned ( with great relief ) shirley abbott . then cross Route 424 to the recreation Center Pool , then the clyde and that 's it . don who be the clyde ? ned that little ranch house at the bottom of we hill . ( stricken ) what if they do not have a pool ? ( he look at the other with alarm ) everyone have a pool this day , do not they ? God , if they do not have a pool , that will just ruin it ! helen ruin what ? ned ( excited ) do not you see ? I have just figure it out . look -- ( he gesture over the balustrade ) if I take a sort of dog-leg to the southwest I can swim home ! stu ( laugh ) ah , come on , ned ! helen and Don exchange the briefest of glance . helen well but -- why would you want to swim home ? don I do not get it . ned Pool by pool ! they make a river all the way to we house ! helen well I suppose you could put it that way -- ( firmly ) now neddy , why do not you sit down and have a drink , and then we will all go to the graham -- ned ( have not hear a word I will name it the lucinda River after my wife ! peggy ( a edge to she voice ) that 's quite a tribute . ned ( up , excited , carry away ) this be the day ned merrill swim across the county ! he dash to the pool and dive in in one long unbroken movement . the other watch he . stu ( laugh ) always throw himself into the water like that . God , what energy ! peggy he keep himself in shape . stu oh come on , he always eat like a horse . never put on a ounce . silently , they watch ned for a moment . stu and Peggy be smile -- each a different sort of smile . helen and Don look anxious . ned have reach the far end of the pool and hoist himself happily over the curb . stu look at he . would not use the ladder , not ned ! ned , without a backward glance , be stride hurriedly away in the direction opposite to that from which he appear . don ( call ) hey ned ! ( louder ) hey ned ! where you go ? ned ( call back , not break he stride ) I be swim home ! stu hey ned ! ned keep on go . helen ( on she foot now and worried ) neddy ! come back ! ( he do not answer , to Don ) where would he get that nutty idea ? don he 's just joke . helen you sure ? don sure . we will find he wait for we down at the graham . helen swim to he house ! why would he want to do that ? stu listen , I know ned -- always love to kid around . have not change a bit . they watch as ned leap over the shrubbery way at the other end of the grounds . stu have not change a bit ! [ 3 ] the graham a blind silver image . a high - pitch feminine shriek . ned be press he lip lightly to Betty Graham 's cheek . she see he face reflect in a aluminum foil sun - tan folder she be hold under she chin . she toss the device down and leap up to throw she arm around he . she be about forty , plump and tan . betty neddy ! neddy ! it 's be such a long time ! you look wonderful ! ned so do you , fatso ! betty I be go on a diet a week from Thursday . where would you come from ? ned Don and hele n's . betty where be they all ? why do not they come with you ? ned they be drive down . the graham ' house be white clapboard and expensive but not as expensive as the westerhazys ' . it be obvious that the graham have go all - out with the landscape and the outdoor accouterment . the velvet lawn be pierce by a flagpole fly the american flag . there be a good size terrace and a elaborate brick barbecue . the pool be new , and prominent beside it be a wooden bulletin board on which the graham have post rule for its use . Betty take ned 's hand and lead he to the edge of the pool . she watch he expression carefully as he look at it . ned terrific ! absolutely terrific ! betty cost a bundle but Howard 's have a marvelous year ! ( she point ) look at how clear the water be ! ned wow ! betty ( proudly ) we have get the best filter money can buy . a dia-someth - or-other filter . it filter 99 point 99 point 99 per cent of all solid matter out of the water . ned gee ! betty ( cross to the little outdoor bar ) we put in a six - inch lint filter , too . the way we take care of that pool the water be purer than drink water . what will you have , neddy ? ned ( indicate the pool ) scoop I up a glass of that . betty do not be silly . gin and tonic ? ned nothing , thanks . I will have a swim and be on my way . betty oh , neddy , you will not ! you just get here ! ned okay -- a light one . betty ( mix the drink ) next summer we be go to build a pool - house over there -- you know , with dress room and a little playroom with a bar . ned Boy ! that will be some great lay - out ! betty ( hand he he drink ) neddy , sit down for goodness sake . they sip they drink . betty ( gaze around triumphantly ) you never think he would make it , do you ? ned who ? betty when we be kid and I first start go out with Howard , you be not very nice to he . ned I be not ? why ? betty remember , he keep track of every penny he spend in a little note book ? you think that be very amusing . ned I be just jealous . betty of Howard ? ned I be crazy about you . betty ( terribly pleased ) you never say -- I do not know that ! oh go on ! you be have a big affair with lucinda ! ned why do you think I get smashed at you wedding ? betty because lucinda be dance with buzzy bunker , that 's why ! ned ( laugh ) what a long memory you have get , grandma . he sense that Betty be hurt because he 's put she on and look for a way to make amend . ned no kid , though , you have get a gorgeous pool . betty ( snap at he ) I have get everything I have ever want . ( pause , she look at he , she face wretch ) funny , the way thing turn out , be not it ? the sound of a motor have be get louder , and now from around the house come Howard , sit on a midget tractor-mower . he be a ordinary - look man , with little humor , literal - minded . at the moment he be have the time of he life . he drive the tractor toward the terrace . ned and Betty cross to he . howard ( friendly but not ecstatic ) well of all people ! how be you , ned ? they shake hand . Howard pat the tractor . howard how d' you like my new , toy ? betty ( proudly ) next year we be go to get the luxury optional . pad seat and a canopy . ned ( frown at the tractor ) sound as if the timing be a bit off . howard ( somewhat deflate ) timing ? ned let I take a look . Howard get off the tractor . ned lift the small hood and turn and twist something which gun up the motor loud and fast . howard ( irritate ) it 's not suppose to be a racing car . what 's he do ? betty ( give she husband a contemptuous glare ) he 's fix it . ned it will be okay now . he put down the hood . the three of they cross to the pool . betty ned 's just crazy about we pool . howard ( smugly ) I do not skimp on anything . I have get a dia-tomaceous Earth filter in there . ned that 's what Betty say -- howard it filter 99 point 99 per cent of all solid matter out of the water . ned Betty tell I -- howard ( mixing himself a drink ) how come you never put in a pool at you place ? ned ( shrug ) never get around to it . howard too bad . help the resale value . ned I do not have to worry about resale value . howard well , with the tennis court and all that plant you put in you will get a hell of a lot more than you pay for it . ned if I ever sell it . howard right person have to come along . ned I want the girl to be marry in that house -- howard but -- I think -- he stop abruptly , frown at Betty . ned wo not be long now . boy all over the place . we drive look like a parking lot today . Howard 's eye meet Betty 's . she raise she eyebrow . there be a awkward pause although ned be unaware of it . betty ( to change the subject ) gosh , it sure be a heavenly day ! howard ( gesture ) do not like the look of that cloud . the three of they stare up at the blue sky where a strand of cumulus cloud have appear in the west . ned ( exclaim ) it 's beautiful ! it 's like a dream city ! as if we be look at it from the bow of a ship -- Lisbon , naple , Istanbul -- howard hackensack ! he laugh at he joke . Betty give he a irritate glance . ned ( dreamily ) I would like to see all that glisten white dome and minaret against the sky . first chance I get away from the office that 's what I would do . go sailing around the Golden horn . betty ( pout at Howard ) why do not we travel more ? howard what for ? we have get everything we need right here at home -- he be interrupt by the sound of a car horn from the direction of the driveway . Betty leap up , relieved . so do Howard . betty that must be Don and helen with the forsburgh ! she run toward the driveway . Howard jog after she . immediately ned dive into the pool , leave a glisten trail of bubbles as the wake of he passage . [ 4 ] the lear ned be walk rapidly across a spacious lawn toward a large and elaborate pool and pool- house set at its far end . as he approach the pool he see a young girl leaping on the diving board . her name be muffie . she wave enthusiastically at ned . another girl be swim in the pool . she do not notice ned until she hear he voice . muffie hi , Mr. merrill , how be you ? ned hi there , muffie ! muffie mother and daddy be at the Club ned mind if I have a swim ? muffie of course not ! help yourself ! as ned walk to the end of the pool the other girl swim to meet he . her hand grasp the curb . ned bend down and pull she out and onto the terrace . her name be Julie and she be arrestingly beautiful . her long blonde hair be plaster to she head . her eyelash be stick together in little point . her perfect willowy figure be show off by a brief bikini . Water be run in rivulet down she face and body . ned it be not -- julianne hooper ! julie ( delighted ) yes it be ! ned ( stare at she ) I can not believe it . you be all grow up . there be another flash smile from Julie . ned how come we never see you any more ? julie I guess you do not need I any more -- ned of course we need you , Julie -- we be always look for a baby - sitter -- julie ( laugh reproachfully ) oh , Mr. merrill ! she pick up a towel and start to dry she hair . ned watch every move she make with intense pleasure . ned hey ! how about next Sunday night ? you busy ? julie no but -- ned okay , you be hire . still live in the same place ? julie yes but -- ned I will pick you up at seven . julie you be put I on ! a baby-sitter ! ellen and aggie would have a fit if they hear you ! she laugh with embarrassment . at this point there be a shout from muffie . muffie at last ! I be parched ! a tall boy , about seventeen , in bathing trunk , be come from the direction of the drive carry a carton of coke . he come up to they . ned look at he blankly . julie Mr. merrill , this be my brother Vernon . muffie have come out of the pool . she take the carton from he and put it on the table . ned you brother ! they shake hand . ned ( gesture the height of a small boy ) but you brother be -- vernon ( with a grin ) Boy , I sure like that little red jaguar you use to have ! he cross to muffie , who be take cold bottle of Coke out of the carton . ned Julie , I can not get over you . how old be you now ? julie twenty last month . ned go to school ? julie ( shake she head ) I have get a job . muffie ( call ) want a Coke , Mr. merrill ? ned sure -- he and Julie join the other two . Vernon hand they each a open bottle . muffie ( to ned ) gee , I miss ellen and aggie . where be they ? ned they're -- they be home play tennis . muffie ( amaze ) they be ? but when do they -- why do not they call I ? julie I would just love to see they . let 's drive over ! ned ( rise suddenly and put the Coke down ) well , I have get to be on my way . I be swim home . muffie ( laugh ) you be swim home ? ned figure out there 's a river of pool all the way to my house ! vernon that 's more hike than swim . ned not hike exactly . portage . muffie it 's okay , if you like exercise . vernon ( to ned , with a laugh ) what a crazy idea ! julie ( with a wither glance at Vernon ) I think it 's a brilliant idea . ned ( he excitement return ) from here I go to the bunker , then a portage through the pastern 's riding ring , then the halloran and so on -- I have get it all mapped out in my mind . muffie what be you do it for ? ned look puzzle . muffie why do you want to do it ? julie ( quickly ) I think it 's very original . as if he 's a explorer or something . ned ( approvingly ) now you sound like a girl with imagination ! julie I mean I think it 's a adventure ! ned come with I ! julie ( take aback ) well , gee , I -- I -- ned come on , live a little ! julie ( hesitates ) well , I do not know if -- ned come on ! we will explore the torrential headwater of the lucinda River ! muffie and Vernon giggle at this . julie ( with a cold glance at they ) all right -- I will ! she put down she Coke and jump up , smile at ned . he be overjoy . ned Race you ! they take run dive into the pool and race to the other end . ned win . they hoist themselves over the curb , laugh and drip . Julie 's sandal be there . she slip she foot into they and they start off , run over the rest of the lawn and down a slope . [ 5 ] the country Lane ned and Julie be walk along a narrow country lane , half overgrown with weed and bush , shade by tall tree . a few black -ey susan be bloom along the side of the road . ned stop . ned funny - — julie what ? ned Black -ey susan now . julie they be all over the place . ned usually bloom later -- he pick a half dozen and hand they to Julie , like a country boy to he girl . she smile with pleasure . they walk a little farther in silence . ned 's eye be on Julie , constantly admire she . she catch he look at she . he smile . julie Mr. merrill -- ned hmm ? julie what do you mean before -- all that about my come over to baby - sit ? ned ( puzzle ) come over to baby -sit ? ( remember ) oh , I be just joke . ( smile ) I be teasing you . julie gee , I wonder . ned you use to be such a shy little kid . always bring along a pile of school book , always drop pencil and thing . never have a word to say . julie I think plenty though . ned think what ? julie oh -- daydream -- ned what about ? julie ( give hima sidelong glance ) oh -- lot of thing . ned what sort of thing ? julie it 's so silly . I mean it be such kid stuff . ned come on -- tell I . julie ( shyly ) I bet you never know I have a big crush on you . ned you do ? julie oh , I be mad about you . out of my head . ned ( terribly pleased ) you be ? julie if Mrs. merrill call I to baby - sit -- even at the last minute -- I would cancel out whoever I would promise and come to you house instead . ned ( laugh ) you must have lose a lot of customer . julie and then I would spend about a hour get myself fix up . my mother think I be nut . I mean , I be just a kid to you but you be a -- god to I ! ned ( enormously pleased ) now you be put I on ! julie know what I would do after the girl be asleep ? I would go up to you room and open you closet and touch you suit . then I would go into you bathroom and smell you shave lotion . then one time -- oh this be a terrible thing to admit -- ned tell I -- julie I steal one of you shirt she look at he . he laugh happily . julie when I be do my homework up in my room I would put it on . it make I feel as if you be around I . ned ( he spirit soar ) Julie -- I -- I do not know -- julie when you would drive I home late at night I would pretend like mad -- ned pretend what ? ( Julie do not answer ) what be it you use to pretend ? julie ( embarrassed ) I - - after all , I be just a child in that day -- ned I want to know -- he take she hand . Julie start out reluctantly but get catch up in she own recital . julie oh -- that you be desperately in love with I -- but you be too honorable to say so because , well , I mean -- you be marry . she look at he . he be listen seriously . reassured , she go on . julie so I have to go to Paris to , you know , put a ocean between we . and no matter how many divine frenchmen begge I , I would never marry . I would just live there all pale and mysterious with huge tragic eye . then one night I would be in some club in a fabulous Paris gown and I would see you at the door -- tall , distinguished , a little gray at the temple -- ned touch he temple where he hair be indeed turn gray . julie ( nod solemnly ) -- I pretend you eye would burn into I across this whole roomful of people and suddenly there would be a hush and everyone would look at I . and then I would just stand up and float towards you -- she stop abruptly . ned and then what ? julie ( disengage she hand ) that 's all . ned ( with a wild surge of happiness ) I -- I do not know what to say ! julie ( laugh ) I tell you . I be a real spooky kid ! during the last few exchange they have be hearing the sound of voice and laughter from the pool nearby . the voice have gradually grow louder . ned the bunker must be have a party ! [ 6 ] the bunker the bunker ' terrace be crowded with people , all of they prosperous look , chic , and deeply tan . White - coat waiter be pass trays of drink . there be a crowd around ned and Julie , the woman be kissing ned , the man be shaking he hand . ned be on the crest of the wave . his life seem to he as sunny and full of promise as this summer afternoon . buzz bunker , a middle - age man in trunk , be sprawle limply across a wild - look inflate rubber animal which be float in the bunker 's pool . his eye be close . his slack face indicate that he be load . when he hear the commotion and cry of " neddy ! neddy ! " he open one eye and gaze toward the terrace . a woman scream joyfully and break through the circle around ned . she be enid bunker , a little under forty , sleek and handsome . enid look who 's here ! what a marvelous surprise ! she fling she arm around ned and kiss he . when she release he , she look appraisingly at Julie in she still damp bikini . ned this be julianne hooper , we baby - sitter . I lose she for a while but I find she again ! enid ( with a slight curl of the lip ) how fortunate for you , darling ! ned ( oblivious ) my God , that sun tan . you look ravish ! enid , all smile again , give he a playful push . enid you know where the bar be -- go get a drink . she rush off to another approach guest . for a instant ned survey the scene . then he say , with glow tenderness : ned how bonny be the bank of the lucinda River . julie what ? ned I know we would find friend all along the way -- ( lead she toward the bar ) let 's have a quick one to appease the native -- as they push through the crowd ned continue to be greet enthusiastically . everyone be friendly and warm and terribly pleased to see he . they eye Julie with various expression , most of the man admire she , the woman amused or jealous . all of this encounter be en passant . one man ( clap ned on the shoulder ) hey ned ! good to see you ! how have you be ? ned great ! just great ! a woman ( exclaim ) neddy ! ( and kiss he ) ned you look marvelous , honeybunch ! another woman darling ! ( kiss he ) be it undiplomatic to ask if lucinda 's with you ? ned she will be along -- a man ( pump ned 's hand my God ! it 's be a dog 's age ! ned rusty ! say , we have get to get together ! call I ! yet another woman , a athletic-look freckle blonde , kiss ned . freckle blonde be not you a sight for sore eye ! 4th woman ( kiss he , exclaim ) neddy dear ! freckle blonde how 's lucinda ? the fourth woman poke she -- but too late . ned she 's fine . we want to see you . we will call you -- when he have go , the freckle blonde whisper to she friend . one of the man shake ned 's hand . man good Lord ! where would you pop up from ? ned how you do , chum ? man ( stare at Julie ) not as well as you ! ned laugh and pull Julie on . at the bar , the bunker ' negro butler extend the same hearty welcome . the butler Mr. merrill ! ned hiya stanley . how 's inez ? the butler will she be glad to see you , sir ! ned inez be my girl ! the butler ( beam ) yes sir ! ned ( indicate a wine bottle in a silver cooler ) Champagne ? the butler yes sir ! he take the bottle out of the cooler . ned examine the label . ned dom perignon ! that 's for we ! the butler get out two champagne glass and fill they . ned ( to Julie ) like champagne ? julie I have only have it once -- ata birthday party -- the butler hand they they glass . julie ( boast ) a boy drank it out of my slipper ! ned ( as he touch he glass to hers ) here 's to sugar on we strawberry ! Julie giggle . ned drain he glass and , hardly allow Julie to finish , pull she along toward the pool . a man stop they and shake ned 's hand with vigor . man ned ! my God ! ned ( turn ) Brian ! how be you , Brian ? brian listen , I feel rotten for not call you . be so damn busy -- do not know where the time go -- ned let 's have lunch this week -- for sure ! brian okay , but I want to tell you right now I think it be a stinking thing to do -- what they pull on you over at you place -- ned 's eye be a little anxious , a little puzzle . ned what 's that , Brian ? brian I do not care how big a firecracker that new guy be ! brother , that story really jolted I -- ned 's eye flicker past Brian . he be not listen . brian I keep think what if some young smart - ass come in to we shop and do that to I ! ned 's attention be elsewhere . ned I will hear from you , huh ? he be already push past Brian . ned call I up at the office -- ned 's eye be on a extremely good - look woman of about thirty who be wear a backless bathing suit ; she be talk to a man . ned sneak up behind the woman and enfold she in a bear hug . ned beautiful Cynthia ! Cynthia spin around , delighted . cynthia neddy , darling ! ned where 's Carter ? cynthia ( happily ) have not you hear ? we be separate ! Julie have join they . ned this be julianne hooper , we baby - sitter . cynthia ( she eye on ned ) run along to you baby , dear . ned she 's with I . we be swim across the county . cynthia ( give Julie a icy stare ) how healthy and young of you ! ned ( admire Cynthia ) who the hell else out here could wear a suit like that ? cynthia why do not you come over tonight -- for dinner ? and she mean more than dinner . ned Love to -- if lucinda have not make a date . cynthia ( furious ) lucinda ! well -- congratulation ! she turn she back abruptly . ned have not hear . he have already push past she , intent on get to the pool . a man rush determinedly over to he and block he way . dan why do not you leave some phone number around ? be try to reach you . ned danny-boy ! how be you , chum ? dan look , I have hear of a open -- sound perfect for you , you experience . smaller place than you be use to , but this two guy be creative as hell and -- ned ( put he arm around Julie ) say hello to julianne -- dan ( briefly ) hello julianne -- ( he attention turn immediately back to ned ) this firm have a reputation for quality . I think if you approach they right , take a cut just at first -- ned ( puzzle ) a cut ? dan now look here ned -- you do not have to pretend with I . but ned have Julie by the hand and be run to the pool . she slip out of she sandal , and ned toss they clear across the length of the pool to the grass at the other end . they dive in . buzz be still float on the rubber raft . he do not move nor glance she way as Julie pass he . ned stop alongside of the raft , tread water . ned ( loudly ) buzz ! hey , buzz ! buzz turn he head slowly and stare at he with glaze eye . ned know what day this be , buzz ? buzz look infinitely bored . ned this be the day ned merrill swim across the county ! expressionless , buzz turn he head away and close he eye . ned ( shout joyfully to buzz and the world ) this be the day ! [ 7 ] the pastern 's Riding Ring a standard size grassy riding ring , neatly enclose by a low white fence . in the background be a well - care - for stable . Inside the ring the jump be set up for practice . ned be hurdle one of the high with graceful ease . after he land he turn to Julie , who be watch he . ned ( triumphant ) how about that ? julie fabulous ! ned I be in good shape , huh ? julie ( enthusiastic ) oh yes ! you be in much better shape than my father , for example . ned react to this comparison . he give she a look . ned come on , try it . Julie run to he . he motion she down on one knee , fingertip to the ground , and take the same position himself . ned all set ? go ! they dash together toward the next jump and hurdle it in unison . Julie sail over , she hair flow out behind she . they land together , laugh delightedly . ned reach for she hand and together they continue to circle the ring , leaping over the jump like two healthy and beautiful animal . for ned it be a period of he youth return , and he face be boyish with sheer uncomplicate joy in the perfect obedience of he body , in the girl beside he , in the sunny day . suddenly , as he land , ned make a stunne grimace of pain . he gasp and hold he ankle . julie what 's the matter ? ned twisted it -- julie oh ! do it hurt much ? ned no , it 's nothing -- let 's sit down for a minute -- ned limp in real pain toward a place near the fence where the tree branch make a dapple patch of shade . Julie sit . ned lie on he stomach , he chin propped on he hand , he eye enjoy she . ned what kind of a job do you have , Julie ? julie Secretary . we be the biggest office supply company in New York . ned funny -- I have never run into you on the train . julie I take the 7:22 . I be always the first one in -- so I make the coffee . ned friendly office ? julie ( nod ) two of the girl want I to get a apartment with they . soon as we get we raise . ned watch out ! it 's a big wick city ! julie I know . I have have some experience . ned like what ? julie well , one morning I be make the coffee and I happen to look out of the window . there 's a apartment house across a court . a man be stand at he window look at I . ( pause , then dramatically ) he be stark naked ! ned ( gravely ) that 's terrible . julie I just stand there look at he ! ned you should report that to somebody -- julie he 's never be there again . I check every morning . ned lot of nut around . julie ( nod eagerly ) once my boss send I to deliver some record book . I get into a empty elevator and press twenty - six . then a man get in and press twenty - seven . then the door close , and the elevator start up . this man come right over and kiss I . on the mouth ! ned ( alarmed ) what would you do ? julie I drop the record book . ned what would he do ? julie he pick they up . ned then what ? julie he give they to I , and the door open on the twenty - sixth floor and I get out . ( expel a breath ) can you imagine ! in a building on Park Avenue ! Julie sigh at the quixotic behavior of the human male . she stretch out in the grass . ned put he hand lightly on she ankle . ned ( softly ) how beautiful be thy foot in sandal , o Prince 's daughter -- he touch she leg . julie ( move she leg away ) that 's from the Bible , be not it ? ned song of Solomon . julie when I be a little girl in Sunday School they never mention that part of the Bible . ned ( soberly ) you still be a little girl in Sunday School . I have be think . I could meet you on the train in the morning and take you to you office when you have to go out on a errand you could call I and I will go with you and I will pick you up at noon every day and we will have lunch together -- ( he enthusiasm grow ) that 's what we will do ! I will take care of you , Julie ! julie ( inch away a little ) gee I do not think that would work out very well , Mr. merrill . I mean I -- I need my lunch hour to get my hair do -- and shop -- thing like that . ned have not really listen to she . he very tentatively and lightly stroke she hair . ned that shirt of mine , Julie . do you still have it ? julie ( shake she head ) after a while I decide it be -- well , it be just a shirt -- and I throw it away -- ned look hurt . julie you have so many shirt I do not think you would miss it or anything . do you mind ? ned no , but I wish you would tell I how you feel . julie oh I could not ! I would have die ! ned ( soberly ) there 's so little love in the world . if it 's keep a secret then it 's waste , do not you see ? he let a long strand of she hair slip through he finger . she move away the least bit . ned I will not let you ever be scared or hurt . he run he finger along she arm . ned and if you want anything -- whatever it be -- you just come to I . he put he arm across she breast and around she , protectively . ned I will -- I will be you guardian angel -- the hug be mean to be the most delicate and tender embrace , but Julie misinterprets it and try to release herself . she make only a slight move but ned 's grip tighten . ned ( softly ) Julie -- Julie -- Julie -- Julie panic and break away from he . she jump to she foot and dash off through the high grass . ned ( leap up ) Julie ! she do not look back . she be run away . devastate , ned watch she until she be out of sight . [ 8 ] the lindley two suburban matron in they late thirty , good-look , well - dress in the ubiquitous suburban uniform of madra short and round collare blouse , be seat under a tree in a small wood . the wood border a large clear of mow lawn , at the end of which be a swim pool and a elaborate tudor house . the two woman , whose name be harriet and Jane , have bird - watcher manual and notebook in they lap . they scan the branch of nearby tree through binocular . harriet it 's a chestnut side warbler ! see there ! it have a yellow cap ! jane no , no , it 's a myrtle warbler . just the crown be yellow and it have a yellow rump -- she lower she binocular to rifle through the page of the manual . harriet continue to look through she binocular . suddenly she gasp , swing they in another direction and peer intently . jane what be it ? harriet I do not know -- jane what 's it look like ? harriet bronze-crested , tawny - chest , flat - belly , with a blue rump -- after a glance at harriet , Jane lift she own binocular . they suddenly frame the figure of ned , limping through the wood . jane oh-oh , I have not spot that one in a long time . harriet who be he ? jane common species . found everywhere except home in the nest . harriet oh ? what 's the female like ? jane small , brown , gray crest . ned have come out of the wood and be crossing the lawn toward the house . the two woman follow he with they binocular . harriet like bird ! the gorgeous one always mate with the drab one ! jane she be not drab . and she 's very nice . ned have now arrive at the terrace at the back of the house . the window be open . the place be silent . ned ( shout ) eliot ! Nancy ! hey , eliot ! there be no answer . ned hello ! hello ! anybody home ? the house be desert . ned 's look of bright anticipation fade . his shoulder slump . his disappointment be obvious . he sit down in a chair , all the line of he body slack . jane ( sarcastically ) too bad . no reception committee . no drum and banner . harriet I would have stay home if he be come . after a moment ned pull himself together and , he step drag , cross to the pool . the family have only recently leave it . there be remain of drink , half - fill dish of peanut . Children 's toy be scattered around . on a chair be a beach bag and a man 's jacket . on the grass near the pool a croquet game be set up , mallet and ball lie about . ned survey the scene with a lack of enthusiasm . he wander restlessly over to the ice-bucket , dig out some ice and pour himself a short drink . he eat a peanut . there be a portable radio on the table . he switch it on , listen for a moment to the broadcast of a Sunday baseball game . jane ( sourly ) what 's the name of that bird ? a crow ? take whatever he want from the other fellow 's nest -- ned switch off the radio , put down the barely taste drink , rummages in the beach bag and find a pack of cigarettes . he put a cigarette in he mouth and look around for a match . there be none in the bag . he look on the table near the pool but find only a empty packet which he toss away in frustration . harriet God , I know just how he feel ! ned 's search for a match have become more frantic . he pick up the man 's jacket and go through the pocket without success . he dump the beach bag upside down and sort through the pile of content . harriet would I love to give he a light ! jane I would not give he the time of day . harriet what 's the matter ? why have you get it in for he ? jane I happen to have hear the story and I be on she side . harriet ( promptly ) I have not hear the story and I be on he side . ned take the cigarette out of he mouth and toss it away . he start for the end of the pool , pass the croquet game . he pause and pick up a mallet , then place a ball . his first stroke be perfect -- the ball roll directly through the wicket . his second stroke be successful but come to rest in a position from which it be impossible to make a good third stroke . he scowl at the ball . he bend down and move the wicket to a favorable position . he stroke the ball through it . then , obviously feel much better , he jauntily continue towards the pool . jane ( triumphantly ) see that ? he 's get the ethic of a magpie ! harriet oh come on ! we all cheat if we think we can get away with it ! ( glance at Jane ) do not you ? Jane 's lip tighten . she lower she binocular and start look through she bird manual . by this time ned be swim across the pool . he reach the far end and leap over the curb . harriet bravo ! beautiful ! she watch ned , favor he bad ankle , stride happily away . Jane be still consulting the bird manual . jane by the way , you be wrong . that bird we see before be a myrtle warbler . harriet glance at the manual with bored indifference . harriet I do not give a damn if it be a solid gold warbler . she stretch out lazily on the ground , still think about ned . after a moment she turn she head towards Jane and demand : harriet what be we do here in the prime of we life -- watch bird ? [ 9 ] the halloran ned limp up to the impressive entrance gate to the halloran estate . the huge house be set well back from the road . as he be about to start up the drive a limousine turn in after he . it be drive by a dignify negro . ned signal he to stop . he approach the car , smile . ned hi there , Steve ! he cross to the car door . ned how be you , Steve ? ( frown ) oh , you be not Steve . the chauffeur ( politely ) no. how be you , Mr. merrill ? ned I be a friend of the halloran . the chauffeur yes , I know . ned mind if I ride up to the house with you ? the chauffeur not at all . he be about to get out of the car to open the back door . ned do not bother . he open the front door and get in beside the chauffeur . the Sunday New York Times be lie on the seat . ned move it over . the car start off . ned ( with a anxious glance at the chauffeur ) how long have you be work for the halloran ? the chauffeur go on two year now . ned what happen to Steve ? the chauffeur ( pleasantly ) I be afraid I do not know . ned ( chummy ) what a character ! do he mangle the English language ! the chauffeur do not answer . ned we tell he he ought to be on television . again no answer . ned Big bass voice . you should have hear that guy sing ! the chauffeur ( evenly ) a natural sense of rhythm ? the chauffeur ( enthusiastically ) you bet ! suddenly something about the negro 's question bother he . ned glance at he . the chauffeur be gaze straight ahead , he profile pleasant and impassive . the car pull up in front of the entrance to the house . ned open the door and get out . ned I will take they the paper . the chauffeur ( hand it to he ) thank you . ned thank you for the lift . my apology -- I do not know why I think you be Steve . the chauffeur ( casually , very courteous ) that 's okay . sometimes you all look alike to we too . ned give he a look and turn away . he limp slightly as he walk off around the house . the halloran ' pool , which be several hundred yard away in back of the house , be set at the end of a wide roll lawn . everything about the estate say " lot of old money . " Mr. and Mrs. halloran be sit at a table beside the pool . they be both gray-haire , handsome , distinguished - look , elegant in manner and totally naked . it become apparent at once that Mrs. halloran be the command General of this couple and Mr. halloran she lieutenant . she have set up what look like a outdoor office at the pool . on the table be a typewriter , pile of papers , pencil , envelope , etc. , and a telephone . at the moment Mrs. halloran be busily stapling ticket to form letter and stuff they into envelope . from time to time she consult a long list of name and address in front of she . Mr. halloran be in the midst of a conversation on the phone . mr . halloran ( obviously speak to a young child ) you want I to say hello to the teddy bear ? hello teddy bear -- mrs . halloran ( impatiently ) tell he to call he mother ! mr . halloran ( into phone ) will you call you mummy , please ? oh , you want I to say hello to you little brother ? hello little -- mrs . halloran ( snatch the phone from Mr. halloran ) Young man , I want to speak to you mother at once ! she hand the phone back to Mr. halloran and immediately continue she stapling . mr . halloran ( into phone ) Mrs. mccauley , this be Chester halloran ... oh yes , they be adorable -- he see the sour look on he wife 's face and continue quickly . mr. halloran I be call about the safari Ball , a benefit for the preserve we Wild life Foundation ... oh ? ... of course , out of the question -- bon voyage -- there be a feel that Mrs. mccauley have hang up before the bon voyage . Mr. halloran hang up . mr . halloran she 's leave tomorrow for a cruise around the world -- mrs . halloran ( grimly ) the hell she be ! ned have come around the corner of the house and , favor he ankle , be limping towards the halloran . they have not yet notice he . Mr. halloran sigh , consult a list of name , and be about to dial again when the phone ring . he listen a mr . halloran ( into phone ) hello . oh , hello honey -- mrs . halloran ( impatiently ) tell she to hurry -- they will miss the sun . mr . halloran ( who have be listen on the phone ) she absolutely refuse to bring the child unless we put on we suit . mrs . halloran after the way we bring she up ? what 's the matter with she ? mr . halloran ( into phone ) after the way we bring you up ? what 's the matter with you , honey ? ( listen , then to Mrs. halloran ) she say they be she child and she 's go to bring they up she way . mrs . halloran they will end up repress ! mr . halloran ( into phone ) mummy say they will end up repress . second and hang up . mr. halloran ( sadly ) she 's not go to bring the child . ned be come toward they when suddenly he remember something . he retrace he step a few foot toward a convenient bush , put the newspaper , down on the ground , and remove he trunk . Mrs. halloran be peer toward the now nude figure come toward they , hold the trunk and the newspaper as a modest cover . mrs . halloran good heaven ! it 's ned merrill ! mr . halloran ( squinting at ned ) I wonder if he 's come to ask we again . mrs . halloran ( firmly ) he will get the same answer . mr . halloran oh dear , it seem a little mean -- mrs . halloran ( shaking she head ) he 's not go to get a penny . mr . halloran ( wheedling ) could not we help he out a little ? for old time sake ? after all , he 's a friend -- mrs . halloran Friends be not deductible . ned be closer and wave . mrs . halloran ( call sweetly ) hello neddy dear ! mr . halloran how be you , my boy ? ned reach they and place the New York Times on the table . Mrs. halloran flip through it hurriedly and select a section . ned I be swim across the county ! mrs . halloran ( abstract , she head in the paper ) why I do not know one could -- ned met you chauffeur on the way in . mr . halloran Nice boy . Real sense of personal worth . ned always get a lot of laugh out of old Steve -- mrs . halloran ( still scan the paper ) Steve have no sense of personal worth -- suddenly she fold back a page of the paper , excited . mrs . halloran it 's in here ! mr . halloran what do it say , dear ? mrs . halloran ( read ) at a meeting of the Zoning board , local property owner object to the halloran proposal on the basis that it would overcrowd the public school -- mr . halloran ( to ned ) we have petition to have the driscoll estate cut up into two - acre lot instead of five - acre lot . ned be stare at a nearby tree , its branch bare . mrs . halloran ( triumphantly , she eye on the paper ) they be practically call we Communists ! mr. halloran ( airily ) stick and stone ! stick and stone ! stick and stone ! Mrs. halloran put the paper down . her jaw be set . mrs . halloran it 's go to be a tough fight , Chester ! she take up she stapling with renew vigor . ned have not be listen to the last exchange . his attention bas be totally focus on the tree . ned ( suddenly ) why be that tree bare ? mr . halloran that 's a ash . ned that tree must be blight . mr . halloran no , ash be the last to get leave and the first to lose they . ned continue to eye the tree in puzzlement for a moment . mrs . halloran ( to Mr. halloran ) overcrowd the public school ! as if people with two acre give birth to more child than people with five acre ! mr . halloran ( indignantly ) that 's not even a biological fact ! during the forego ned have cross to the table . he pick up one of the ticket . ned safari Ball -- put I down for a table . mrs . halloran oh neddy ! ned what 's wrong ? do not I always support you benefit ? mrs . halloran ( firmly ) a table cost one thousand dollar ! ned okay , put I down . she hesitates . he pick up the pen and hold it out to she . she be about to protest , but something in he eye change she mind . she write he name on the list . this make he feel much better . his spirit lift visibly . Mr. halloran beam and nod smugly at he wife . mr . halloran by the way , my boy , I be awfully sorry we could not be of help . ned I do not recall ask you for help . mr . halloran oh , dear , I think -- how're lucinda and the girl ? ned lucinda 's fine and the girl be home play tennis . now if you do not mind I think I will get wet . he cross to the pool . mr . halloran ( sotto voce ) well ! he do not ask for any money after all ! mrs . halloran just wait . ned be swim across the pool , mostly use one arm , he trunk hold above the water in the other hand . he reach the end of the pool , hoist himself easily over the curb and put on he trunk . he turn , salute the halloran , and hurry off . mr . halloran there , you see ! he must be back on he foot . he buy a whole table , do not he ? with a knowingly skeptical smile , Mrs. halloran pick up a pencil and definitely cross ned 's signature off the list . [ 10 ] the gilmartin a boy of about eleven , dress in short , be sit on a stool behind the wooden crate counter of a home - make lemonade stand on a country road . he be play a recorder . nearby be the entrance to a drive up to a large house . it be obvious that few car come up this road and probably no pedestrian . the sky have darken by this time . the frail , half - naked boy and the plaintive sound of the recorder convey a sense of aching loneliness . the boy see ned approach . he continue to play the recorder until ned be at the stand . ned hi the boy ( put the recorder down ) hi ned you name 's gilmartin , be not it ? the boy Kevin gilmartin , Jr. , after my father . my mother say I have get a lot to live down . ned ( indicate the lemonade ) how about pour I a cup ? kevin ( eyeing ned in he wet trunk ) it 's ten cent . ned I will owe it to you . kevin ( cynically ) how do I know I will ever collect ? ned I will drop around tomorrow and pay you . the boy look dubious . ned scout 's honor ! the boy hesitates . ned ( urgently -- it matter ) I look honest do not I ? the boy do not answer . he fill the cup and hand it to ned . hand be shaking as he take it . kevin you be shiver . ned ( ignore this ) be you mother at home ? kevin she 's in Europe . it 's a honeymoon so she could not take I . ned how 's you father ? kevin he 's in love with a manicurist . that 's what my mother say . I have to depend on she for information . ned you all alone here ? ned 's kevin there 's a may . ned know what ? I be go to invite you over to we house . I have get two girl you can play with . kevin how big ? ned a little bigger than you . kevin do you play with they ? ned sure , we play catch and tennis . we go bike riding together -- kevin ( matter -of -factly ) I have a English racing bike . ned you bring it over . we will race you . he put down he empty cup . kevin want another ? you will owe I twenty cent . ned have n*t time . I be swim home . the boy eye he suspiciously . ned mind if I use you pool ? kevin well , I do not mind , but -- without wait to hear what he have to say , ned have already start up the drive . the boy pick up he recorder and follow he . ned you know that girl of mine be like a couple of wild cat . when I get home from the office they pounce on I . they nearly hug the breath out of I . kevin what game do they play ? ned cop and robber , touch football -- kevin they play chess ? ned we have not try that . kevin chess be a brainy game . as they come close to the pool ned be stunne to see that it be drain . ned ( dismay ) it 's empty ! he cross to the edge and stare disconsolately down at the empty concrete rectangle . ned God this do it ! this really do it . he sit wearily , the boy beside he . ned my whole project 's ruin . the boy look at he forlorn face . he sense ned 's vulnerability and for the first time be draw to he . kevin ( unhappily ) they take the water out because I be not a good swimmer . I be bad at sport . at school nobody want I on they team . ned it 's a lot better that way -- take it from I . at first you think it 's the end of the world because you be not on the team and then -- kevin ( eagerly ) then what ? ned you realize you be free . you be you own man . you do not have to worry about get to be the captain and all that status-stuff . kevin they would never elect I captain ina million year . ned you be the captain of you soul . that 's what count . know what I mean ? the boy nod gravely . they sit in silence for a moment . ned there 's one thing I could do . I could get down there and make believe I be swim across the pool . kevin that 's kind of cheating , be not it ? ned not if I do all the stroke exactly as if I be in the water . kevin ( happily ) that 's a good idea . ned ( rise ) okay , let 's do it . delighted , the boy follow he to the shallow end of the pool . they jump down to the concrete bottom . ned all set ? let 's start off with a crawl . walk side by side and stroking as if they be really in the water , they begin . ned that 's right . relax . reach out . say , you have get very good form . kevin I have have lot of lesson . it 's just that I be afraid of the water . they continue about a third of the way . ned okay now , change to the side stroke . they do so . ned know what we do in the winter ? we flood we tennis court , and we ice skate on it . that kid of mine look so damn cute . like a couple of elve in that little red cap -- stock cap . kevin I do not know how to skate . ned you come over next winter , and I will teach you . then we will have a hockey game . kevin ( joyfully ) okay ! they have go another third of the way . ned breast stroke ! they pantomime the breast stroke . ned yes sir . my kid think I have get all the answer ! my kid think I be just about it ! they arrive at the end of the pool . kevin ( jubilantly ) I have do it ! it 's the first time I have ever swum the whole length . ned congratulation . kevin ( suddenly crestfallen ) I suppose it do not count because there 's no water . ned for we , there be . kevin ( look at he curiously ) well -- that 's a lie , be not it ? ned no . you see if you make believe hard enough that something 's true -- then it be true -- for you . they climb up the ladder . kevin let 's do it again ! ned I have get to be go . kevin oh come on ! please ! ned ( shake he head ) it 's get late -- kevin ( coldly ) okay , goodbye . ned I be sorry . I would like to but -- Kevin be unforgive ; he 's be fail again . kevin okay . if you be go to leave , then leave . he turn away . ned I will give you a ring tomorrow -- about come over -- the boy do not answer . ned start off down the driveway . he have go only a few yard when he hear the unmistakable sound of someone jump up and down on the diving board . at first it do not register . then he stop in he track , a look of intense alarm on he face . ned turn and dash back . the boy be leaping hard up and down on the board . ned sprint up on to the board and throw he arm around the boy from behind . the force of this action almost tumble both of they into the empty pool . they regain they balance . the boy look at ned , stunne and bewilder . ned it 's okay -- it 's okay ! kevin what 's the matter ? ned I think you be go to dive -- kevin ( amaze ) you think I be go to dive ? ned release the boy who turn and stare at he . kevin ( as if explain to a child ) there 's no water in the pool ! ned give he a long , thoughtful look . ned well -- so long , again . he walk away , turn once to look back at the boy , who be sit alone on the curb of the empty pool . when ned be part way down the drive he hear the sound of the recorder play the same tune as before . { 11 ] Mrs. hammar 's this be a contemporary house surround by a lovely garden . the pool be a free-form shape . Mrs. hammar , a old lady , be bend over to cut some flower . she have a basket on one arm in which she lay they . she be over seventy , with snow white hair , a majestic figure . she wear pearl and a soft print dress -- very much the grande dame . she hear a splash in the pool and straighten up , surprised . she can not tell who it be from this distance so she walk slowly toward the pool . by the time she be close , ned be three quarter of the way toward the opposite end , but she recognize he . she stop , rigid with anger . as ned leap out of the pool she hurry to confront he . ned ( very warm and friendly ) good afternoon Mrs. hammar . how be you ? mrs . hammar ( coldly ) May I ask what you be do here ? ned on my way home -- think I would cool off in the pool -- mrs . hammar ( icily ) who give you permission to use the pool ? ned be completely baffle at she tone and attitude . ned I be ned merrill ! ( indicate the basket on she arm ) Flowers be beautiful -- I see Eric 's put in a rock garden -- mrs . hammar you be not welcome here , Mr. merrill . ned ( amaze ) you know I , do not you ? I 'ma friend of Eric 's ! mrs . hammar friend ? how dare you use that word ? ( she voice break ) you never come to see he -- you never even call he -- there be a flicker in ned 's eye as if he have suddenly remember something unpleasant and long bury . ned how be Eric ? be he better ? the woman give he a horrify stare . ned 's eye widen with a sudden realization . he back away slowly , then faster . mrs . hammar just one minute , Mr. merrill . ned stop . mrs . hammar this be my house now . do not you ever set foot on my property again . ned draw in a breath , turn and run . mrs . hammar ( a frail shout after he ) do not you ever come here again ! she stand where he have leave she , she face crumpled with grief . [ 12 ] the biswanger a extremely noisy and frantic party be go on around the pool and on a huge terrace cover by a plastic dome . ( the plastic dome be use to cover the pool in winter . ) a loudspeaker be blaring raucous music . this be the biswanger ' party , and everything about it be louder and faster than at the bunker -- the clothes be brighter and further out , the woman wear more jewel . no one at all be ina bathing suit . it be apparent , too , that the party be be give to celebrate Henry biswanger 's hole - in- one . a huge banner be strung from one side of the dome to the other . it read : congratulation henry hole-in -one twelfth hole meadowlark club attach to a float bob in the pool be a number 12 flag from a golf green . all the other decoration be in the shape of " 12 . the centerpiece of the buffet table be a huge 12 mold out of ice . embed in its ice base be a enormous bowl of caviar . no one notice ned 's arrival . he stand forlornly at the edge of the party . Henry biswsanger and two other man be examine the plastic dome . Henry be a bull , muscular and in tip - top physical shape , a bluster rough diamond who have make it the hard way and be perfectly honest about enjoy it . he slap the dome proudly as he talk . henry -- be not it a bitch ! do you ever see anything like it ? Fifteen ton -- thirty thousand pound of structure aluminum and clear plastic ! ( stroke the dome affectionately and she roll ! she roll on this track here -- slide right back like a goddam toy ! one of the men battery ? henry Hell no ! machinery to drive this thing take up half the space down there -- he gesture . the other man what kinda temperature can you keep it in the winter ? henry like a goddam hothouse . up to 90 if I want . it can be 20 below and a blizzard outside and I can be in there bakin ' ! two other man , drink in hand , be stand out of Henry 's earshot , look at the flag bob in the pool . man -- Club give it to he . you make a hole in one at meadowlark -- they give you the flag . he friend guess they do not lose many flag that way ! man maybe they should not of lose this one . the friend raise he eyebrow . man he be play alone . just he and the caddy . they both glance at Henry , who be still chat away about he pool dome . henry how much use you get outta you pool ? Three month ? Three and a half if you be lucky ? with this rig I be guarantee the use of my pool all year around . the man next to he sure , and swim 's good for the ticker at we age -- henry so what do you guy do in the winter ? I try they health club in the City . bunch of pansy runnin ' around droppin ' soap ! right ? right ! they all laugh heartily . a blonde and a red-head , both with elaborately lacquer hair - dos appropriate for a formal ball , be sit at a small table play gin rummy and drink martinis . blonde ( indicate the pool ) a pool 's to get wet in . who need a olympic-size pool to get wet in ? red-head wet ! ( pat she hair ) after what I pay Pablo every week ? blonde Romeo do I . all the girl be go to Romeo now . red-head ( worried ) do you think Romeo 's better than Pablo ? blonde ( touch she hair ) sweetie ! look at the difference ! a waiter come with a tray . they help themselves to two more martinis . Henry have a larger audience now . henry last New Year 's Eve for instance . Big bash all night . Grace and I get home at dawn load -- not too load to get we clothes off -- ( laugh ) -- so there we be bare - ass and we jump in the pool , and it 's all steamy and warm and the snow flake be floatin ' down and the hi-fi system be playin ' and I say to Grace -- he whisper to one of he friend . the man throw he head back with a loud , obscene laugh . at the edge of the terrace , ned be tapping a woman on the shoulder . ned hello Grace -- she turn . Grace biswanger be about forty . she be dress in wild - color hostess pajamas , wear false eyelash and a huge diamond ring . her automatically wide smile fade the instant she see ned . grace ( loudly ) why this party have everything ! include a gate-crasher ! several nearby guest turn around to stare . ned try he usual charm . ned I think you would be glad to see I . grace ( bellicosely ) you never come when I invite you . why should I be glad to see you now ? ned I think better late than -- grace you think wrong , buster . ned ( politely ) as a gatecrasher , do I rate a drink ? grace suit yourself . she turn she back on he and walk away . ned cross to the bar . he be terribly conspicuous and naked among all this overdress people . some eye he curiously . a few who know he nod coldly or glance at he with dislike . the bartender be mixing some drink for a waiter who stand ready with a small tray . ned ( lean on the bar , friendly ) you be new here , be not you ? bartender ( rudely ) what d'ya mean , new ? ned oh just -- that I have not see you around at party . bartender ( with a nasty look at he nakedness ) I be not see you either . ned , who have always be instant pal with bartender , be mystify by this reception . ned I will have a gin on the rock please -- the bartender give he a sullen look . ned -- when you have a chance . the bartender continue to mix the other drink . ned be join at the bar by a young , sexy - look blonde in a tight sailor suit . her name be Joan . she put a empty glass down on the bar . joan ( to the bartender ) here I be again , leroy ! fill ‘er up ! she give ned a dazzle smile and leap on the bar next to he . joan some big deal , huh ? ( indicate the pool , the dome , etc . ) Boy you sure get to like swim to go in for this kind of expenditure . ( eye he body with approval ) you be the type who go in for swim , huh ? ned ( gravely ) why not -- when the world be so generously supply with water ? joan ( have not quite get it ) I be not a maniac about pool . to tell you the truth it 's murder on my hair . ned Lovely hair . the bartender have put they drink in front of they . they clink glass and drink . joan ( flirtatiously ) you a neighbor from around here ? ned shake he head . joan oh , you be a friend of the biswanger - — ned ( shake he head ) they be not even on we Christmas card list . joan then what be you ? ned I be a explorer . joan ( giggle ) I mean , what be you do here ? ned I be swim home . joan ( giggle again ) you marry ? ned what 's that get to do with it ? Joan give he a long size - up look . joan you divorced or what ? ned want to come with I ? joan where ? ned along a river of sapphire pool ! joan I have never hear anyone talk like you . ned come with I and be my love -- joan oh-oh , I have hear that before ! ned not from I . joan you be no different from any other guy -- ned oh but I be ! I be a very special human be , noble and splendid -- at this moment a stocky young man thrust himself between they , take a firm grip on Joan 's upper arm and propel she quickly away . ned see the man talk furiously to the girl . he watch she bottom in tight slack without emotion , empty he glass , put it on the bar , and suddenly take a run dive into the pool . the splash distress various people along its edge who leap backwards and scowl at the swimmer . a waiter be carefully push a hot dog wagon across the terrace in front of the pool house . the wagon be gaily paint and shade with a little stripe umbrella . the waiter park it and be about to begin serve hot dog and bun just as ned emerge from the pool . ned 's eye be immediately fastened on the hot dog wagon . suddenly he expression change to one of astonishment and alarm . he run over to it . ned my God , this look like my wagon ! ( examine the paint side ) I be sure this be my wagon ! he open it and peer inside , hastily push the hot dog into a untidy pile . the waiter look pain , a few onlooker gather around . ned bend closer to examine the bottom of the wagon . ned ( excited ) hey , this be mine ! he straighten up and address the waiter . ned how would this thing get here ? the waiter shrug . ned I wheel my kid around in it . see that ? ( point to something at the bottom ) that 's where ellen put she foot through and I mend it with plywood . this be my wagon , man ! by this time Grace and Henry biswanger have notice what 's go on and approach along with several of the guest . the guest be clearly supporter of the biswanger . grace what 's the trouble here ? ned this be my hot dog wagon ! grace well -- we buy it . ned buy it ! grace at a white elephant sale . ned how the hell do it get to a white elephant sale ? grace you wife must have donate it -- ned ( try to be patient ) she have not any right to do that ! she know I be crazy about this thing -- henry take it up with she . ned listen , I will buy it back from you . henry not interested . ned ( in desperation ) I will give you twice what you pay for it . I will give you a hundred dollar ! henry ( laugh ) a hundred dollar ! for that piece of junk ? ned ( slowly and distinctly ) I want to buy this wagon back . name a price . I will send you a check . henry oh yeah ? ( winking at the other ) he will send I a check . ned I be take this thing home with I . he get a firm hold on the handle . henry hand off , you ! he step very close to ned . his face be menace . henry you crash in -- now crash the hell out ! ned glance at the ring of unfriendly face around he . henry go on -- beat it ! he give ned a push which knock he off balance ; he stumble , he ankle turn , and he fall to the ground . ned 's first impulse be to get up and punch Henry . in a instant he realize that this would be beneath he dignity . he rise slowly to he foot . ned ( quietly ) I will have my lawyer get in touch with you tomorrow . henry ( laugh loudly ) yeah , you do that ! ned turn and , hobbling a bit on he weak ankle , he walk off slowly , he back straight , he head high . the other guest stand silent and hostile , watch he . [ 13 ] shirley abbott this be the most modest pool along ned 's way -- small , beautifully plant , and with a informal atmosphere -- as if all the decor and the gardening have be do by the owner , which indeed it have . the house look more like a weekend hideaway than a conventional suburban establishment . there be colorful chair and table and a large chaise longue on the small terrace . scatter about be shirley 's possession -- playscript , magazine , sun tan oil , dark glass , beach bag , terry cloth robe , etc . also on a table be a well - stock drink tray . shirley abbott be a actress in she early thirty . she have a strike face , handsome , with interesting mobile feature . she be unlike all the suburban woman ned have meet along the way -- distinctly " other . " she be wear a dramatically cut bathing suit . at the moment she be sit on the chaise , a magnify glass in one hand , a tweezers in the other , and be apparently try to get a splinter out of she foot . nearby be a flat of bulb and some tool . she have be work in a garden bed close to the pool . ned appear out of the tree at the opposite end of the pool . shirley be not aware of he presence . he watch she with a expression of infinite yearn . in a moment this change to uncertainty and anxiety . he be totally unsure of what kind of welcome he will get . as he come forward shirley look up . she be obviously astonished , anguish , and angry in that order . then quickly she put ona look of total indifference , relax back onto the chaise , and wait for he . shirley ( calmly ) what the hell be you do here ? ned wow ! New suit ? shirley ( shrug ) it 's not new . ned I do not remember that suit . shirley will you tell I what you be do here ? ned I be swim home . Pool by pool across the county . shirley ( disgust ) good Christ will you ever grow up ? she turn she attention back to the splinter . she be unsuccessful . ned kneel in front of she . ned let I try . shirley go away -- ned oh come on , let I -- gently he take the tweezers from she and probe for the splinter . ned I pass a first aid test when I be a scout -- get it ! ( look at the tweezers ) nope ! ( continue to probe ) be not much in it about splinter . if you break something I could make you a beautiful splint ! she wince . ned sorry -- ( probe once more ) there we be ! ( examine the splinter ) a regular redwood . you could cut a hole in it and drive a car through . shirley smile in spite of herself . ned smile back at she . suddenly he press he lip to she foot . she jerk it away with such vehemence that he lose he balance and be send sprawling . ned ( puzzle ) what would you do that for ? shirley keep away from I . he sit up , puzzle . ned you must be crazy . everybody 's go crazy today . I have just come from the biswanger . they snubbe I . everyone at they party snubbe I -- ( indignant ) -- they have even get my hot dog wagon and they will not give it back ! shirley you what ? ned I paint it myself and put the little umbrella up . always keep it down in the playroom where the ping - pong table be , remember ? shirley I have never be in you house , remember ? ned ( oblivious ) lucinda give it to a white elephant sale . shirley ( sarcastically ) I be sure it be for a good cause . ned she have not any right . I ought to go straight home and give she hell . shirley what 's keep you ? she turn over on the chaise , she back to he . ned be hurt . his shoulder droop . ned I be tired . must have come six mile . mind if I have a drink ? shirley ( impatiently ) all right -- but hurry up about it . ned ( cross to the drink tray ) how about you ? want a bullshot ? shirley no thanks . ned oh come on -- you love the way I make they . ( hold up a small bottle ) hey , we be run out of tabasco ! shirley we ? be not you a little confuse this afternoon ? ned be behind she , fix the drink . partly because he be concentrate on what he be do and partly deliberately , he do not really listen to what she be say . shirley ( stretch out on the chaise , not look at he ) well , how go it in never - never land ? ned what ? shirley have the ideal all - american family find happiness in the big stone house with the tennis court ? ned what ? shirley I hear a rumor that you have change you place of residence . move out of town . ned of course not . that 's ridiculous . where 's the pepper grinder ? it 's not here . shirley use the shaker . I do not think it be true . ned should have freshly ground pepper . that 's what make the difference . shirley well how be the President of the League of woman voter ? ned who ? shirley how be you wife ? ned oh , she 's fine . shirley I have be away so long I have not keep up with the news . be all the waitress in town certified non - venereal now ? ned what ? shirley last I hear that be you wife 's project . physical checkup for food handler . ned yes . oh yes . shirley Mrs. Edward merrill , guardian of we hamburger ! patron Saint of we pizza pie ! ned , oblivious of she sarcasm , cross to she with the two drink . ned lucinda 's always do a lot of good in this town . shirley 's eye meet he . shirley she just do not do so good at home , huh ? she take she drink . ned well , here 's to sugar on we strawberry ! she hold she glass without drink and glare at he . ned ( chasten ) well -- cheer . they drink . shirley 's face be blank . ned give she a worried glance . the vodka revive he energy a bit . he make a visible effort to get through to she . ned remember last winter in Toronto ? we call room service and ask for bullshot , and they say -- shirley I be not in Toronto last winter . ned sure ! I come up for the open of you show . do not you remember how it snow ? and I hire a horse and sleigh to take we from the hotel to the theater ? shirley that be the winter before last . ned ( with a slight frown of anxiety ) be it in Boston ? what be the name of that play in Boston ? ( all charm ) I come up on a Saturday , remember ? you fake a slip disc , and you stand - by go on for the matinee . I cure you aching back , do not I ? shirley stare at he , she eye narrow . she press she lip together . ned acapulco be the best . we taste of salt all over , and the phone never ring . and all the night be silver -- shirley ( firmly ) listen , ned , I want you to go now . I mean it . ned why ? shirley I be expect someone . ned who ? shirley none of you business who . I do not want you to be here when he come . ned a man ? shirley naturally a man . do you think I have be in a deep freeze while you be be play house up on the hill ? there be a pause . they look at each other . ned begin to shiver slightly . he rub he upper arm with he hand . he cough . ned I be cold . what 's happen to that sun ? no heat in it . ( cough again ) Throat 's sore . do not know when I have be so cold . ( almost to himself ) not since that winter in hanover , that 's when . except I have my martini coat . shirley be ignore he . ned hey shirley , do I ever tell you about that coat ? he cross to sit beside she . ned do I , shirley ? there be no answer . ned I have get to tell you about that raccoon coat I have when I be at Dartmouth -- shirley please ! ( with exasperation ) spare I the tale of you glorious youth ! ned ( he enthusiasm grow ) but this be a great story . shirley I do not want to hear it ! ned ( plunging on ) when my father be in college , it be prohibition see ? so he buy this raccoon coat , and he take it to a shoemaker . he have the guy sew leather pocket in the lining -- one for gin , one for vermouth , a big one for a thermos of ice , anda little one for olive . he design himself a martini coat ! there be a disgust reaction from shirley . ned oh yes , he have strap put in to hold a shaker ! ( laugh ) some guy , my old man . he do not forget a thing ! shirley leap up and cross to the flat of bulb . she pick up a tool and start digging in the flower bed . ned ( turn to face she ) twenty - five year later when I be a freshman he give it to I . brother ! be I a sensation ! I do not carry any stuff around except to football game , but I wear it all the time . I will have to bring that coat over here and show it to you . ( he eye lighting ) you know something , shirley , that coat be the damnedest , most wonderful thing I ever own . if lucinda give that coat to a white elephant sale I will kill she -- I swear I will kill she -- he look off into the distance . a long pause . his voice soften . ned shirley , what happen ? shirley what happen to what ? ned nothing 's turn out the way I think it would -- ( haltingly ) -- when I be a kid I believe in thing -- people use to be happier when I be a kid -- it -- it seem as if everybody love each other -- shirley Excuse I while I swallow the lump in my throat . ned ( with genuine puzzlement ) what happen ? shirley you get push out of you golden play pen , that 's what . ned I use to mow the lawn around we house -- my mother pay I twenty - five cent -- I can smell that grass -- ( suddenly ) -- it 's so fast ! people grow up , and then they die -- shirley ned , for the last time , will you please go away ? ned tell I who 's come over . shirley I tell you -- it 's none of you business ! ned on a scale of one to ten how would you rate he in bed ? shirley pick up she drink and toss the content into ned 's face . they eye meet and hold in a long stare . ned ( he voice break ) shirley -- I be sorry -- for whatever I do -- shirley ( pull herself together , all brittle again ) you only do the usual red-blooded marry - man thing . take I out to lunch , and give I that lecture on the duty and obligation of a husband and father . ( smile ) it 's become a classic have not it ? republish every year in the reader 's digest ? ned frown with effort , try to follow she . shirley it be the first time we would be to a really chic restaurant in New York -- right out in the open in front of the people who count . ned ( suddenly recalling it all ) you cry ! shirley I also raise my voice . ned it tore I apart to see you cry -- shirley especially when everyone stare . ( bitterly ) I figure it out later . you choose that place because you think I would not dare make a fuss in front of all that mink hat and stylish fag and snotty waiter . ned no -- shirley do you really think you could smash my world with no more noise than the tinkle of finger bowl ? ned I love you -- I do not know what to do -- shirley so you go back to you wife . well , that figure . the real estate be in she name . she own the pot and pan . she know where the lose shirt button be . why give up all that comfort ? ( a thin smile ) I have my comfort too . while you be still on the train back to Connecticut -- that groovy young bellhop in my hotel -- a real primitive . no hang -up . ned ( quietly ) you be lie . shirley when you get in and call I from the station I put the phone down on the pillow so he could listen too . all that sniveling about not hurt you innocent wife and you innocent child . we have hysterics . we have to stuff the sheet in we mouth -- ned you be lie . shirley you will never know , will you ? ned begin to shiver uncontrollably . he cough louder . his face be ashen . he wind he arm about himself . shirley rise . she be truly concerned . her tone change to one of compassion : shirley ned , what 's the matter with you ? ned ( hardly able to speak ) I be so cold . I be just so cold . shirley I would better go in and get you a sweater . ned no. shirley do not be a fool -- you must be catch something -- she make a move as if to go into the house . ned no ! how can I swim in a sweater ? shirley you will get pneumonia -- ( put she hand on he arm ) listen , I will drive you home . ned no! shirley ( she anxiety increase ) ned , what be it ? you be be ridiculous . ned I have get to swim home . shirley for the love of God , why ? ned I have just get to . I have get to . shirley I be go to get the car . ned I can not go in the car . it 's impossible . how can I ? shirley my God what 's happen to you ? something 's wrong with you . ned lucinda 's wait -- the girl be home play tennis - - I be swim home -- ned 's whole body be shaking spasmodically . alarm , shirley keep watch he . she pick up she terry cloth robe and put it over he shoulder . this act be the first really tender gesture he have experience all afternoon . he turn to she with gratitude as if she gesture have be a proof that she still love he . shirley understand the extent of she revelation . in a attempt to negate the moment she turn away and pick up a bottle of sun tan oil . she cross to the chaise longue and sit down . ned 's shiver gradually subside . he have control of himself again . ned there -- that 's better -- shirley be rub the oil on she arm . ned cross to she and sit beside she . ned let I do you back . shirley no -- ned ( reach for the bottle ) please let I . reluctantly shirley turn over on she stomach . gently ned begin to stroke the oil into she back . his touch , the feel of he hand on she flesh , bring memory flooding . her eye begin to fill with tear . ned shirley , listen , let 's go off together for a couple of week -- I could manage it right after the fourth -- shirley the fourth ? do you mean the fourth of July ? ned ( rub she back and shoulder ) I read about a great old castle in Ireland . a real one with a moat and a drawbridge . some king build it hundred of year ago . it 's a inn now , with crazy old four- poster -- shirley ned please -- please go away -- ned Big soft bed with canopy -- ( bend over she ) come with I , shirley ? shirley do you think you can just reappear and move in again ? do you think it 's that easy ? she whirl around to give he a long , appraise look . shirley everything 's always be easy for you , have not it ? ( she voice break ) God know I be easy enough to get ! ned you wear a blue slip with a safety pin hold up the shoulder strap . ( press he mouth to she shoulder I kiss you safety pin . shirley ( move away , close to tear ) do not do that -- ned ( put he arm around she ) I only want you to love I -- shirley ( thrust herself away and leap up ) that 's you hang - up , neddy -boy . you be afraid the sky will fall down if everybody do not love you . you will lose the popularity contest , you will not be elect head Boy -- as if the whole world 's a prep school ! this truth reach ned . he grasp at she blindly , desperate for the only pain - killer he know . he lock he arm around she and push she back on the chaise , he body almost on top of she , he mouth search for hers . shirley do not ! do not do that ! leave I alone ! she struggle to push he away . ned ( hold she tighter ) you do not want I to . you know you do not . she struggle furiously to get away from he . finally she wrest herself free and leap to she foot . shirley do not touch I ! he leap up after she , and they struggle . she get away from he , run to the pool , and plunge in . he jump in after she . she swim only a few stroke before he have catch she . shirley stop it ! stop ! let go ! he be hold she close , he hand tangle in she hair to pull she face back , to make she look at he . ned we make love in this pool , remember ? you love it ! shirley I lie ! he be try to pull down the strap of she bathing suit . she be kick and hit at he . ned you love it in the pool ! he have the strap of she bathing suit down . she be half naked . she continue to fight he desperately . they wrestle in the water . the bathing suit rip . finally she pull away from he and swim a few foot . she rush , sobbing and outrage , up the step of the pool . ned be stand waist-high in the water . holding she tatter suit up to cover herself , shirley scream at he . shirley I lie ! I lie all the time . telling you I love it anywhere with you ! you bored I to death ! boast about you deal and you golf score and you old girl and you old war and you old bloody duty to you wife and kid ! ned ( quietly ) you love it . shirley I play a scene with you ! ned ( urgently ) you love it ! shirley it be a fake ! I be fool you ! you meet you match in I , you suburban stud ! I be a actress ! her word be like a fist smashed into ned 's face . his eye be wild , he mouth slack . he throw back he head and bellow to the sky . ned you love it ! crying hysterically , shirley turn and run toward the house . she disappear inside . ned 's expression be stony and vacant . after a moment he swim automatically to the end of the pool . he grasp the curb to hoist himself out , but he have difficulty . the strength be drain out of he . he struggle . his face be contort with the effort . finally , wearily , hand over hand , grasp the curb , he move to the ladder and , totally defeat , he climb up it . when he step off onto the ground he whole body seem limp and fragile . his eye be sink . his face be a ruin . [ 14 ] the thruway the sun be cloud over . rain be imminent . ned be on the side of the road , limp , shiver , he arm wrap around himself . the Sunday traffic be heavy . Cars of all description whiz by . ned look pitiful as he wait on the shoulder of the road . every time he think he might have a chance to dash for the grass divider in the middle of the road a car come hurtle toward he and he jump back . he be the object of all kind of scorn and ridicule from the occupant of the car . some peer at he as if he be crazy , some point and laugh , a beer can be throw at he . he dodge it . several people shout at he but he can not decipher the word . from the back of station wagon little child make face , thumb in they ear , waggling they finger . no one make the least attempt to slow up to let he cross . in fact , some driver , see he intention , speed up gleefully as they approach he . ned feel the indignity of he position and appearance . he look tense and miserable . he cough . he hop up and down to warm himself . finally a old man tooling down the highway at fifteen mile a hour give he a chance to cross . he dash for the grass divider and make it safely . now he have to buck the long line of traffic speed in the other direction . the same ridicule from this traffic be heape upon he . he watch alertly for a chance to cross . finally there be a gap in the traffic and he sprint to the other side of the highway . [ 15 ] recreation Center Pool a sign above the ticket booth window say " adult 50 cent , child 25 cent . " the ticket seller be a young man , stocky and muscular . he wear a T-shirt . ned be argue with he . ned -- but I will pay you back . I swear to God I will ! the young man ( shake he head ) against the rule ned I will do whatever you want -- I will sign a iou . the young man ( shake he head ) can not do it . ned I will get my wallet -- I promise -- the minute I get home , I will get my wallet and drive right back here -- the young man look , I do not make the rule , mister . ned just one length ! I want to swim one length . you do not understand -- the young man I understand you be not get half a buck . that 's all I be suppose to understand . ned can not you make a exception this once ? my house be right up the hill over there -- ( gesture ) I will come straight back with the money ! believe I , I will ! he grasp the ticket cage and shake it , he urgency grow . ned I swear ! I promise ! the young man get you hand off there ! ned 's eye begin to tear . his tone change . ned listen , will you please , please lend I fifty cent ? the young man what for ? why the hell should I ? ned I will pay you back -- his body sag against the booth . ned do not you realize I will pay you back ? the young man beat it ! at this point a middle - age man and woman walk up to the booth carry bathing suit bag . the man be bald and wear a loud sport shirt . the woman be plump and wear slack . they name be howie and lillian hunsacker . ned smile with relief and recognition . ned howie ! howie hello , Mr. merrill . ned howie , for Christ sake , will you lend I fifty cent ? lillian ( angrily ) do not you do it , howie ! howie what 's fifty cent more or less , consider ? he dig in he pocket and give ned the money . ned ( with enormous relief ) thanks , howie ! you be a lifesaver ! ( thrust the money at the young man , then again to howie ) thanks a lot , chum . thanks a awful lot . he rush through the turnstile and disappear into the locker room . there be a couple of people ahead of he at the counter where basket for clothes and dog tag be give out . he get into line until he realize that he have no need for a basket . he start to cross to the open door to the pool area . attendant ( shouting ) hey ! hey you ! hey you in the trunk ! ned turn . attendant you take a shower ? ned shake he bead . attendant can n'tcha read , buddy ? he point to a large sign . ned look at it . all swimmer must take a shower before using the pool . all swimmer must use the foot bath . all swimmer must wear there identification disc . ned cross to a shower booth , enter , close the door , turn the water on full force , stand under it a split - second , turn off the water , and leave the booth . he cross to the open door again . a attendant beside the foot bath glare at he foot , batter , scratch , and still filthy . attendant you take a shower ? ned nod . attendant go back and wash that foot . wearily ned cross back to the shower . the booth be all occupy now . he feel dizzy . the room reel before he eye . he close he eye and lean against a shower door for support . the door open suddenly , and ned fall in upon the man come out . the man grab he by the shoulder and push he back . he give he a dirty look and walk out . ned enter the shower . this time he soap he foot and rinse they under the water , wince as he do so . they be bruise and sore . the soap hurt the cut . gently he hand rub they again and again to get the dirt off . his dizziness return for a moment . he support himself against the side of the booth . he come out of the shower and cross again to the attendant beside the door . the attendant give he a surly look and then gaze at he foot with distaste . attendant ( rudely ) spread you toe . ned balance on one foot while he spread he toe with he hand . the attendant peer into the crevice between they . ned repeat this business with the other foot . attendant bottom . ned hold up the sole of each foot in turn . the attendant wave he on . he step into the foot bath and through the door . the rain cloud hang even lower now . there be thunder in the distance . the pool area be surround by a high wire mesh fence . it be jamme with people of all age and all size , shouting , splash . the lifeguard sit on high wooden platform , at interval blow they whistle or bellow through a public address system various warning and instruction to the swimmer . the pool have be construct at the bottom of a high slant hill -- almost a wall of irregular rock . the shrill sound of voice , the activity , confuse ned at first . he look about , uncertain at which end of the pool to begin he swim . he finally figure out which be the deep end and cross toward it . a couple of child run into he and almost knock he down . lifeguard ( through the public address system ) cut out the run , you two kid ! no run in the pool area ! ned find a empty place in the pool and plunge in . it be a awkward , tired dive , he body be bent , he leg fly apart . he come up sputtering with disgust at the taste of the chlorine in the water . with difficulty he continue he way toward the other end of the pool , keep he head above water to avoid collision but even so he be bump into , splash and jostle . at one point a young boy dive from the side of the pool , land on top of ned , and submerges he . ned come up spitting out water , breathe hard , half - drown . a girl practice a awkward crawl slap she hand across he face . as ned make he way across the pool he be watch grimly by howie and lillian , now in they bathing suit , and another couple whom they have join . the other couple be a few year young than the hunsacker but the expression on they face be equally sour . they be Jack and sylvia finney . as ned reach the shallow end all four of they rise and approach the place where he will be get out . ned have to stand and walk through the last few foot of the pool since the water be barely higher than he knee . he be bump into at every step , splash , push . a whistle blow shrilly and a guard 's megaphone be point at he . lifeguard ( bellow ) hey you ! you without the identification disk . get outta the water ! ned be not aware that he be be shout at . he stumble on , dizzy , half - blind , and weak . finally he grasp the ladder and painfully , gasp , pull himself up . the two couple have place themselves so that they block he way . they make no attempt to move . jack whatsa matter , Mr. merrill , you friend ' pool run outta water ? ned what ? jack so how do you like we water , Mr. merrill ? ned oh , hi Jack ! sure be a lot of chlorine in it . lillian sting you eye a little , huh ? that 's too bad . howie ( the one friendly voice ) ai not see you in a dog 's age , Mr. merrill . too bad you do not get into town any more . ned ( warmly , with relief ) we have a lot of laugh together , do not we , howie ? howie use to count on see ya maybe four , five time a week in my place -- few drink , hamburger maybe -- ned ( suddenly ) say , how be the Series ? lillian ( loudly to howie ) what you waitin ' for ? go on and ask he ! howie ( ignore she ) Series ? ned the World Series . do not you use that ticket I give you ? howie oh ! last year ! sure -- that be great seat ! right over third base -- lillian ( louder than before ) be you gonna ask he or not ? howie ( softly ) hold it down , lil -- jack I get something ' to ask you , Mr. merrill . when you gonna pay you bill ? sylvia we be decent people tryin ' to make a live . we gotta eat too , you know . lillian tell ' im howie . tell ' im he 's the first deadbeat we ever get in we place . howie ( firmly ) cut it out , will you , lil -- ned I -- I be go to send you a check tomorrow both of you -- lillian that 's a laugh all right ! howie ( warning she ) now lil -- lillian ( loudly ) whatsa matter ? he 's no friend of yours ! what kinda friend send a check be not worth the paper it 's write on ? the altercation have attract attention . several onlooker have move nearer . howie ( to lil , Jack , and sylvia ) let 's break it up . come on , let 's not have a fuss in public -- nobody move . Jack be aware of the audience and play up to they . jack you shoulda see the order I send up to he house ! french strawberry jam , he wife make I stock for she . american strawberry be not good enough for she ! sylvia plain mustard be not good enough for Mrs. merrill . she have to have Dee John mustard ! the onlooker snicker . jack ( to ned ) heartsa palm . heartsa artichoke , heartsa this , heartsa that ! some rich diet you have up there ! the onlooker laugh . ned look around , confuse . sylvia heartsa Jack finney , that 's what you get ! the onlooker laugh again . ned have hardly understand the word , only the attack . he back away a a bit . jack you use we market to feed you kid . we all get kid to feed too -- sylvia what 's more we bring up we kid to behave themselves . we kid do not go around drunk , we kid do not wreck car - — jack ( more or less to the onlooker ) he keep he daughter ' name outta the paper that time ! lillian Bet that check do not bounce ! ned stare dizzily around at the curious , amused , or grim face . he feel cornere , humiliate . he begin to shiver again . ned you leave my daughter out of this ! sylvia why do not ya teach them some manners ? lillian ( to sylvia ) that girl never pay no attention to he . why should they ? ( to ned ) always runnin ' around , chummin ' with they friend -- always tryin ' to be one of the gang , be not ya ? ned ( he voice shaking ) my daughter worship I -- they love I and -- and they obey I and -- and what I say be the law to that girl because I be they father and they respect I -- ( close to tear ) -- they respect I -- lillian yeah ? ned my daughter love I -- lillian ( to the other ) plenty of time we use to hear that girl talkin ' in we place . we hear he kid givin ' he the razzberry ! ned you be a goddamn liar ! howie ( angry ) now look here , Mr. merrill -- you do not get away with that ! you do not call my wife name ! ned she 's a liar ! howie ( give he a good , long , hard look ) wanna know what you girl really thoughta you ? you girl laugh at you -- ned stare at he -- he will not believe it . howie I hear they ! you girl think you be a great big joke ! this last wound triggers ned 's panic . he feel suffocate by the ring of strange face and body . all he can think of be that he must get out , get away . he thrust blindly at howie with enough force to throw he to the ground . woman scream . the guard blow they ear-splitt whistle . the crowd increase in a instant . ned dash through they -- push at anyone in he way -- straight for the wire fence . he climb it nimbly , give a new spurt of strength by he consume desire to escape . as he go over the top he tear he flesh in several place on the sharp wire . he leap to the rock and scramble frantically up the hill like a wild animal -- cling to clump of grass , slip and slide on the slippery surface , intent only on flee he tormentor . a few drop of rain be fall . [ 16 ] the clyde the back yard of a modest ranch house on a small lot . a half dozen adult -- man in loud sport shirt and short , woman bulgy in pedal pusher , and several small child be hurriedly dismantle what be to have be a picnic supper . apparently they have wait , hope it be not go to rain , but now the sky be slate - color and the rumble of thunder frequent . a charcoal grill be already blaze but unused , and they be take plate of frankfurters , hamburger , potato salad and trays of beer into the kitchen . in the center of the back yard be a very large , round , plastic wading pool , the kind use by child . ned come around the side of the house , cold , exhaust , walk with the great effort . the people in the yard stop what they be do and stare at he . ned be transfix at the sight of the pool . he stumble toward it . with visible effort he swing one leg over the rim of the pool and then the other . the water barely reach to the middle of he thigh . he crouch down in the water and begin to paddle across like a little child . the adult exchange glance . the child watch with mouth agape . man ( low voice ) what the hell 's go on ? mr . clyde souse . man you know he ? mr . clyde ( gesture up the hill ) that 's he house up there . ned be half way across . a large inflate rubber duck be float in he path . he rest he cheek on it . woman ( laugh ) look at that ! another woman ( laugh ) make himself right at home ! man ( laugh ) souse out of he skull . the child take they cue from the adult and laugh too . a little boy toss a soft rubber beach ball at ned . it bounce crazily off he head . they scream with glee . ned climb out of the pool . Mrs. clyde be stand in he path . he stop , take she hand , bow and kiss it briefly . he drop she hand and stagger toward the road . the sound of laughter follow he . [ 17 ] the merrill ned be come up a narrow wind road . he be weaving a bit from side to side . his chest be heaving as if every breath take all he strength . from time to time he cough . raindrop be splattering down on he . his foot slip and he fall to he knee . the raindrop increase . he wipe they away , leave the dirt of the road on he face . he struggle to he foot . ned come to the gatepost of he own driveway , stop and cling to it for support . there be a streak of lightning overhead and thunder very loud and close . by now the rain be fall steadily . it seem to rouse he a bit . he leave the gatepost and plod up the curving driveway . ahead of he be he house -- large , grand , rather formal . it be set on a spacious lawn . a tennis court be visible at one side and to the back . once in a while lightning illuminate the entire scene . the raindrop be more frequent now . with a last spurt of energy , ned quicken he step . the crescent - shape drive curve up to the front door . he manage a limping run the last few yard to the house . he turn the knob and push at the door in he hurry to get inside . the door be lock . he be astound and try the knob again . the door will not budge . he frown with confusion and turn the knob frantically back and forth . now the rain be come in a downpour . he pound on the door . he try to force it open with he shoulder . the rain be flooding down upon he . in desperation he beat he fist against the door . lightn flash over the house . Thunder crash above . ned shout -- not word but deep bellow of anguish . the door be solid . by contrast , ned 's flail fist seem puny and fragile . he beat continuously at the impervious oak . the vein stand out in he neck as he shout convulsively . there be terror in he eye . his fist pound and pound . the window of the house be dark . behind they be the unlit and dimly visible live room . it be totally empty -- rectangle of pale paint on the wall where picture once hang , a fireplace with tarnish andiron in it . some cardboard carton fill with cast - off -- wire hanger , break tennis racket , a wear broom -- be against the wall . in the library the shelf be empty except for a tatter telephone book . in the small mirrore bar there be nothing but a corkscrew on the counter . the kitchen be large and well - equip but dusty . a old calendar and a bulletin board hang on one wall . a scrap of paper thumbtack to the board read , " slip cover -- CA 7-4333 . " in the spacious , panele dining room one of the wall sconce have come loose and be hang by its cord . at the end of the entrance hall be the heavy front door . the knob be move back and forth , back and forth . outdoor it be darker . the downpour have lessen to a light rain . ned 's exhaust hand be turn the knob . he no longer pound . his body be slump against the door . he be uttering small gasp sound . his eye be stream with tear .