the hunger game written by Gary Ross Suzanne Collins billy Ray fade in ... on a prologue - word on a screen : " the cause be a rebellion - call the Dark day - the thirteen district of panem rise up against the Capitol . the rebellion be crush . one District , the 13th , be destroy entirely . the other twelve barely survive . when it be over , the Capitol decreed that that twelve district - as a brutal reminder of they treasonous rebellion ~ would forever suffer a punishment , once a year . it be call the Hunger Games . " as that last word linger , we smash to : .-.a nightmare . please , God , let it be a nightmare . we be : ext . abandoned resort town - day we be running through a battle - zone . body right and leave , strewn on a street . we keep run , dodging death itself . a arrow just whizze by we , barely miss , bang noisily into what use to be a newsstand . another arrow buzze past . running , desperate - hearing we own footstep , we shallow breath and groan of fear . there 's another body on a sidewalk , semi-impaled . this be a perfect Hell . it use to be aspen - 300 year ago . abandon now , overgrown with foliage , decaye , dead . we run around a corner , we heart rate spike -~ a knife , hurtle at we out of nowhere . pffft ! it bury itself into we leave arm . the pain be searing . we falter ... but we have to keep run , have to get to safety . we eye darting , look for somewhere to hide -- Old coffee shop , ski rental shop , yogurt shop - skeletal now , cover in vegetation , they window long since blow away . death wait inside all of they . then : a spear , throw from what use to be a second -story window . we dive out of its way . it just miss we . but we have land on that wounded arm . more searing pain . we get to we foot . please let this end . behind we we hear voice yelling : '' get he ! " we do not look back . just can not . there 's a corner up ahead . Safety . we reach it , turn ... .-.to find a well -built kid of 17 await we , with a spike mace in he arm . he swing it at we - at we head ... * then - pop ! - blackness , like a video feed short . we be : * ext . district 12 - town square - day a bleak town Square in what use to be coal country , know now as " the seam " - a colorless world of sagging building and cinder street ; even the tree seem gray here . despair , poverty , hunger ... and tv . a huge screen in the heart of this town Square , where 2,000 townspeople just watch that horrific death , live and in color . they eye be blank , lifeless . year of struggle and death etched into every face - as we hear the voice of fame broadcaster claudius templesmith : templesmith ( thru tv ) oh , that 's too bad . Sage blanken go down , knock out by that prospero boy from District Three - who certainly be handy with a mace ! once again , both tributes from District 12 be out . but at least they get one into Day two this year ! 2,000 townsfolk , watch the bloodbath on that huge screen : a girl dart across another overgrown street in that abandon resort town . the long tongue of a whip lash out , try to trip she . she bound over it ... +-.as we start drift through this town Square ... templesmith ( thru tv , o.s. ) do not forget , friend , to vote for you favorite tribute ! the cost be six florin - or eight florin once the Games be down to the final four . we come upon a cluster of townsfolk , surround a stunne woman . this be corrina - she face white with grief . --- because it be she son that just die on that big screen . a wail rise out of she - pure agony . a keen shriek ... * * »+.as katniss everdeen walk past without turn . she 's 15 , lean and hungry , with steel - gray eye and a long dark braid - * a fighter , rob of she little - girl year long ago . * on she right be that huge screen , broadcasting more of the * spectacle . on she leave , neighbor lead a shell - shocked * corrina away . katniss continue through the Square . * @ ...to find she sister , primrose everdeen , ( 11 , barely hang on to some innocence . ) prim quietly watch the Games . katniss I be gonna go catch some dinner . prim can I come ? katniss it 's sweet that you keep ask - when you know I be go to say no . prim you be gonna have to teach I eventually , katniss . katniss " eventually " be a long time from now , prim . look in on Mom . prim nod . katniss drift out of the town Square , onto what be once a viable Main Street , bleak now . behind she , 2,000 people keep watch the Games in a semi-hypnotic fog . .-- except for one : peeta mellark , a broad - shoulder boy of 16 , whose eye , now and forever , be follow katniss - as : templesmith ( thru tv ) yet another disappointment for the folk from coal country and they sotte mentor , haymitch abernathy ... int . haymitch' quarter - game CENTER - same ( day ) haymitch abernathy , 40 , watch the broadcast from inside a fishbowl . the wall around he be window , look out on : the game CENTER , Mission Control for " the Hunger Games . " huge screen . data . Dazzling technology . haymitch eye it bitterly , slug down some pale alcohol , as : ext . district 12 outskirt - meadow / forest - day a untend meadow give way to a large chain - link fence that stretch on forever . on the other side of it , forest . sign line the fence : " no trespass Beyond this Point . " " violator will be electrocuted . " " poach be a felony . " eo katniss , unimpress , throw a stick at the fence . nothing happen . she crawl under it , scoot in unharme . '' ext . forest - day she head for a fell log , reach into its hollow . feeling for something , then extract it : ~ a bow , and arrow , wrap in a sheath of plastic . ext . forest - clearing - day katniss be a bear hunter . a bear climber too . with she bow and arrow sling on she back , she climb a tall tree , navigate the branch like a monkey . ext . tree - branch - continuing she settles , 30 foot up . great vantage -point . and there it be , below - a wild turkey . katniss draw back she bow ... ext . another clearing - later day the dead turkey have be tie to a stick , rest by katniss 's side . she 's behind a rock , scout she next kill : two large gray rabbit . maybe 30 yard from here . katniss line one up , draw back she bow . tension in the string ... @ ..- when , suddenly , a hand i : lace over mouth . someone have just come up behind she , out of nowhere . a boy , whisper : gale ( " boy " ) you be good . but I be still better . this be gale hawthorne , 17 , she best friend / hunt partner . * handsome , dark -haire , he love be with she , ( more than * he would ever admit , even to himself . ) love teasing she . * -+- until she bite he finger , playfully . * gale ( cont 'd ) ow ! katniss how do you do that ? how do you move without make a sound ? gale I be lightfoote . katniss get to work . eo she gesture to the two large rabbit , draw back she bow . gale draw he as well . they fire at the same time ... @ ext . creek - later day six rabbit on a stick now , and a second Wild Turkey . gale and katniss sit by a stream , eat fresh - pick green . he 's about to eat one when she yank it away . gale what would you do that for ? katniss that 's fawn 's leaf . you wanna throw up all night ? gale I would rather eat the rabbit , ya know ? * katniss great . and what would we have to trade with ? a lousy reality . he push the rest of the " meal " away . gale I do not watch this morning . be the blanken kid still in it ? ( katniss shake she head ) @ so we be out again . like every year . katniss I think the guy from 2 be gonna win . gale draw he bow back , indulge in a juvenile fantasy : * gale one day , one of this will be aim at claudius templesmith . and another one at seneca crane . the last one at President snow . no more Games . katniss right , except you name 's gonna be enter -- how many time ? -- forty two time in the reaping next year ? gale my family need grain and oil , katniss . your too . then , in a blur , katniss grab she bow , wheel around , and aim fifty foot over gale 's head : pfffft . just bag a e squirrel , high up in a branch . she start to climb toward it . @ gale ( cont 'd ) do not bother . it 's too ... ( she 's already go ) High . katniss be halfway up the tree . gale sigh , to himself : gale ( cont 'd ) or we could just stay out here ... katniss oh . I almost forget . ( tony Capitol accent : ) happy Hunger Games ! and may the odd be -- gale -- ever in you favor ... she climb , disappear up that impossibly - tall tree . ext . another clearing - later day they head for the electric fence with they haul . katniss spot something - bend down for it : @ purple berry , grow at the base of a tree . she eye they , then pick a few , put they into the pouch on she hip . gale watch she ... silent ... until : gale we could do it , ya know . katniss do what ? gale leave the District . stay out here , in the wood . we could make it . katniss who would take care of prim ? and my mom ? gale no , I do not mean now . obviously . I mean , when prim get older . katniss do not really think this through - ) do you ? she 's try to diffuse it . he redden a bit . gale unless you would rather move into town and marry a coal-miner . or a baker . have ten kid or something . katniss this be my option ? ( gale 's silent ) and I be never have kid . with anybody . not in this world . but thanks . they share a look ... until a odd silence suddenly fall ... the bird in the forest stop sing . nothing move . eerie . ... then a blur , racing past we in sheer terror . it 's a red-haired girl , ( she name 's lavinia ) , katniss 's age , but dress differently . running for she life now . katniss ( cont 'd ) what be -- that fast , lavinia be go , racing for the fence . katniss and gale whip around , to see what 's chase the poor kid . there 's nothing back there . ..- until they hear it , from above ... a hovercraft . huge , its propwash blow treetop sideways over the flee lavinia . katniss and gale hide behind a rock -shelf , watch , as the voice of a unseen official boom from inside t raft : unseen voice surrender ! you be to be return to the Capitol for adjudication ! lavinia be frantic , almost at the fence ... when a giant net drop from the hovercraft like a rock , envelop she . she look to katniss and gale , she eye desperate . help I ... gale start to rise - but katniss yank he back down . katniss they will kill you . before gale can reply , the net tighten , yanking lavinia into the air . and she 's gone , into the hovercraft , abduct in mere second . katniss just stare . we dissolve to : * int . " the hob " - late day use to be a coal warehouse . now it 's a black market : cart offer food , salt , coat , herb - and all of it dicey . the feel be hushed , dark , desperate . gale trade with a woman name greasy sae : some green for a chunk of paraffin . nearby , katniss barter with a bread-seller name opequon , who be eyeing she dead rabbit , evaluate two side by side . opequon look narrow to I . I want that one . katniss that one 's speak for . this be the one I be trading . opequon look narrow to I . peeta ( 0.s. ) I will give ya two for it . katniss and opequon turn : here 's peeta mellark , approach with two loaf of bread in hand . katniss appreciate the offer . opequon do not , glaring right through peeta , as : opequon I be offer one . peeta I think it 's worth two . opequon grumble , go . katniss grin as peeta hand she the loaf of bread . ( one of they be slightly black on top . ) peeta ( cont 'd ) this one 's a little burn , so we could not sell it anyway . katniss what happen to you eye , peeta ? peeta would be try to conceal it , but he have a shiner ... peeta oh. just be not look where I be go . she nod , hand over the rabbit . it 's time to move on ... +-- so how come peeta 's still stand here ? peeta ( cont 'd ) I will see ya , katniss . katniss ' night , peeta . thanks . he drift off . she go in the opposite direction . gale , not far from here , take note , then return to he trading . we follow katniss , through this warehouse of starve crumb - seller , when something catch she eye : corrina , the woman who lose a son this morning , sit on a stool , she eye haunt - as she husband tygart hawk some meager - look chestnut . tygart be in a fog , but corrina be catatonic . katniss pause , tear ... then make a decision . she pass by tygart , and : katniss this will help she sleep . my mom take ‘em . she hand over two of the purple berry she pick today - and she 's go ... before tygart can even say thank you . ext . district 12 - peerless STREET - night katniss pull a rickety wagon over cinder street . a train rumble outside town , load with coal . on its side : " District 12 coal - power the Capitol for 300 year . " there be no streetlight on - no power to feed they - but that huge tv in the town Square be on , as always ... beam the Hunger Games , death as entertainment . a crowd watch . katniss walk by without look up . ext . holler ST . - katniss's home - night small , cramme in , untend . katniss leave she wagon in the yard , where a small goat be tethere . int . katniss's home - night dusty , unkempt . at a table sit mrs . everdeen . she 's 40 but look 60 , deaden by grief and fear . katniss enter . katniss I be home . prim katniss ! 10 . prim run in , hug she older sister . the bond here be deep . katniss look what I trade for . katniss hold up two threadbare coat she trade for today . prim whoa ! coat ! katniss your be both so wear . let I see if it fit . prim throw hers on . she 's swim in it . prim perfect ! katniss Mom ? no reply . katniss cross to Mrs. everdeen . a cat , buttercup , ( mashed - in face , half a ear miss ) jump in the way . katniss ( cont 'd ) move , buttercup . prim be sweet with he . katniss why , do he catch a mouse today ? do he do anything useful ? ( buttercup hiss a bit ) another mouth to feed . she push buttercup aside without much fanfare , then put the other coat across she mom 's shoulder . no reaction . prim what about you , katniss ? katniss mine 's fine . stand up , Mom . let I see . mrs . everdeen I do not like you go to the hob. ( katniss roll she eye ) peacekeeper be gonna shut it down eventually . * + ee * +e 11 . katniss look to prim , who love be in on a joke : prim eventually be a long time from now , Mom . katniss * and the peacekeeper trade there too . * Mrs. everdeen nod blankly . it sadden katniss and prim . * katniss ( cont 'd ) c'mon , prim . help I with supper . int . katniss's home - den - late night the girl share a bed in the den. look down from a mantle be a picture of they father . he have kind eye ... prim katniss ? ( katniss wait ) what happen if they call you at the reaping next year ? katniss why would they call I ? prim I be not dumb , katniss . I know that every time you take out tesserae to get we stuff it mean you name 's gonna be in there more time next year . katniss do not worry . there will be people with they name in there lot more time than I . prim still . katniss ssshbh . prim fall silent . but just for a second . prim katniss ...? katniss mmm—-hmmm . 12 . prim will you sing it ? katniss which one ? prim the one dad always sing ? katniss and then you will sleep ? prim I promise . katniss clear she throat , then : katniss deep in the meadow / under a willow / a bed of grass / a soft green pillow / Lay down you head / Close you sleepy eye / when they open again / the Sun will rise ... prim 's eye close . we drift through this home ... to find : Mrs. everdeen be across the room , wide awake , listen ... katniss ( cont 'd ) here it 's safe / here it 's warm / daisy guard you from every harm / dream be sweet / they all come true / here be the place where I love you . Mrs. everdeen quietly weep - pure dread . we go to black : ++- over which , a super : " one Year later . " then smash to : ext . location unknown - morning insert , in rapid fire : a combat knife - place on what look like a brass table - top . a spear - lain carefully beside the knife . a spike mace stand against a sheer wall . lastly , a bow and arrow be hang on a hook . someone be prepare a arena for the Hunger Games . we CUT to : 13 . ext . forest —- location unknown - morning a pack of wild dog prowl menacingly . this thing be huge , the size of bull . with fang and hungry eye . but they be be track - by a pair of hunting rifle , 200 yard away . dart be chamber into each rifle ... as : int . capitol - game CENTER - morning seneca crane , a dark genius , look over he domain . this be Mission Control , ( see from the window surround haymitch 's quarter last year . ) it 's NASA on steroid : huge screen , data , massive electronic coverage . on a illuminated board we see 24 empty slot , two for every District . name will go here ; two from District 12 ... seneca eye it , then spot something that irritate he greatly : a assistant , betto , be virtually draw on a monitor ( it 's a hobby ) - unaware that seneca be in the vicinity ... until seneca lean in and angrily delete betto 's screen . uh-oh . seneca you be here to work , betto . ( betto gulp ) unless you think all that tributes be just go to kill themselves . he walk away . betto 's too shake to blink . int . katniss's home - morning a quiet , somber feel in here , like dress for a funeral . katniss step into a wear blue dress . prim , now 12 , tuck a white blouse into a skirt . they mother open a wooden box . mrs . everdeen I think you might like to wear this , prim . she show prim a gold mockingjay pin . beautiful . prim why do we have to dress up for the reap ? mrs . everdeen it 's expect . ( offer the pin ) take it . dad love mockingjay . * +e ee * 14 . prim what if I lose it ? Mrs. everdeen shrug . prim take the pin , try to fix it to she blouse , but she tremble finger will not co-operate . so * katniss step in and do it for she . katniss we will pin it on tight . there . katniss turn away - but prim grab she hand , urgently : prim they can not take you . tell I they can not take you . katniss do not worry , prim . we have use up all we bad luck already . the sister study one another , then prim turn away . katniss ( cont 'd ) tuck in you tail , little duck . prim 's shirttail stick out . katniss take care of it . prim quack . katniss quack , yourself . katniss hug prim tightly - let on for the first time how unnerve all this be - then kiss the top of she head . katniss ( cont 'd ) can not be late , right ? ext . district 12 - town square - midday pack - by the 8,000 resident of District 12 . they fill adjacent street too . camera crews look down from rooftop . in front of the justice Building we find a podium , three chair , a microphone ... and two large glass ball , contain * thousand of slip of paper . on each slip , a name ... * katniss guide a white - with - fear prim through the crowd . * there 's a grim buzz in the air , a share tension . peacekeeper in white uniform herd everyone along : * 15 . unnamed peacekeeper all candidate stand with the other in they age group ! twelve year - old here ! thirteen here ! ++- as we realize that the only people in this Square be child . 12 to 18 . adult stand outside the rope . Mrs. everdeen be one of they , stare blankly . katniss guide prim through . another peackeeper step in . katniss she 's twelve . he tug prim away . she call out to katniss , desperately : * prim they call you name - you run , okay ? * katniss I will see you at dinner . dress casual . a reassure smile - it help - until prim be lead into the herd of twelve year - old , wait together . katniss turn away , pass one tense teenage face after another , as : * mayor undersee speak into the microphone on the podium : * mayor undersee my Friends of District twelve , in anticipation of the seventy - fourth Hunger Games , I welcome you to reaping Day ... tepid applause . his speech continue , in b.g. , as katniss drift through . not far from here be the eightteen , maybe 200 kid , try not to look terrify . gale be among they . it 's just a look between he and katniss , but it 's load : " I * hope it 's not you . " gale smile a thin smile . katniss turn away , find she place in the herd of sixteen . * plenty of posture around she , all of it hide terror . * mayor undersee ( cont 'd ) this Day , like the Games themselves , provide we a chance to reflect on the cost of we violent rebellion all that year ago , and to be grateful for the kindness now show to we by the Capitol . it 's a time for both repentance and for thanks . 16 . behind undersee on the stage be effie trinket , ( she suit lime - green , she hair pink . ) beside she be a empty chair ... until : haymitch ' scuse I . sorry to be late . haymitch abernathy stumble on to the stage , inebriated . the tv cameras zoom in on he ... as Mayor undersee continue : mayor undersee by law , each District be require to send one boy and one girl into the Games each year . 24 young people , fight to the death until one emerge victorious - bring great pride , and great material reward , to he or she District . join I now on stage be the only tribute from we fair District to have ever do so . please welcome haymitch abernathy . haymitch rise drunkenly and give the mayor a enthusiastic slap on the back . but when he try to hug effie , he end up lurching across she and slamm into the empty chair . and it all just go out live , across panem . the kid stifle nervous laughter . +..as effie , tight - lipped but professional , straighten she wig . and Mayor undersee do he best to go on . mayor undersee ( cont 'd ) I be sure whoever 's choose today will - under haymitch 's steady guidance - represent we District well . katniss tighten . another look to gale . mayor undersee ( cont 'd ) now it 's my privilege to introduce we tribute 's escort . join we from the Capitol , miss effie trinket . one hand steadying she wig , effie trot to the podium . Bright and bubbly , she speak in a stilted Capitol accent . effie happy Hunger Games ! and may the odd be ever in you favor ! I know you be all excited , so let 's get right to the draw ! boy first this year ! nobody breathes . harden coal mining family - terrify . 17 . even the coal - train on the elevate track a few block away have come to a stop , its conductor watch . effie squeeze she eye shut , stick she hand in the ball on the boy ' side , and pluck a name out . close on katniss , jaw clench , finger cross at she side . effie ( cont 'd ) the boy tribute from District twelve be -- we push in on gale , as ... effie ( cont 'd ) peeta meelark ! ..-. which be when we find peeta , just a few foot from katniss - she would somehow not notice he before . but she turn - just in time to see he face go pale ... a groan go up from he parent , outside the rope . two peacekeeper come to collect he as he steady himself . katniss can not meet he eye , can barely mutter : katniss sorry , peeta . somehow he breathes out a smile , despite the horror . it surprise she . then peeta 's go , and : effie I be sure peeta will do a wonderful job for we . now , the lady ! not far from here , peeta' mother have just faint dead away . her husband be try to revive she . every boy who be not choose - except for gale - be sagging with relief . -+- as peeta mount the stage silently . and effie dig she hand into the girl ' glass ball , and ... effie ( cont 'd ) the girl tribute from District twelve will be ... ( katniss gulp ... ) primrose everdeen ! and the world simply stop . time itself seem to hover . katniss freeze , replaying it in she head . must have hear it * wrong . prim too - a look of utter confusion on she face ... * 18 . prim katniss ? the Square be deathly silent . no one can believe what they just hear . Mrs. everdeen stagger . gale just stare , daze : gale ( mumble , to no one ) but ... she name be only in there once . and here 's prim , lose , surround by twelve year-old ... prim ( cont 'd ) katniss ? katniss slump backward , dumb-struck . another girl steady she . everything 's spin . then she see - dimly - two more peacekeeper bull they way through the 12 year - old ... prim 's face fill the huge tv screen - a lose little girl , she head swim . the peacekeeper begin to pull she away . and all prim can think to do be tuck in that loose shirttail again as she 's tug through the crowd ... we push in on katniss , the world crash around she - until : katniss {top of she lung ) I volunteer ! hold it . everything just stop again . all eye - even that of the camera - now find katniss ... whose voice seem to be operate on its own . katniss ( cont 'd ) I volunteer as tribute ! no one reply . on the face of gale , peeta , effie , everyone - shock . katniss head for the stage , almost in a trance . gale katniss ... katniss keep walk - all eye on she - near she sister , who be too daze to reply . can barely mutter : prim no ... katniss walk right past she . peeta watch from the stage . 19 . @ katniss my name be katniss everdeen . i'1l represent District twelve . effie well , bravo ! brava ! quite a gesture ! and there 's nothing in the rule forbid it , be there haymitch ? haymitch , he drunken brain catch up , shake he head . so katniss keep come ... even as prim grab she . prim no , katniss ! no ! you can not ! katniss ( pull herself free ) it 's okay , prim . prim ( not let go ) you can not ! I will not let you ! all of it go out live . gale step forward . his eye meet katniss 's - another load moment - and he do what she 's begging he to do ... pull prim away . gale I have get she . the peacekeeper lead katniss away . prim shriek , cry : prim no ! do not take she ! do not ! gale carry prim off as katniss mount the step . effie I bet my button that be you sister , be not it ! do not want she to steal all the glory , do we ? let 's give a big round of applause for we latest tribute ! no one clap . instead , they do something else - a gesture : in unison , the people here touch the three middle finger of they leave hand to they lip and then hold it out to she . it be a gesture of immense respect . also a fond farewell . '' katniss acknowledge it silently from the stage . then the national anthem begin to play through loudspeaker . 20 . peeta be beside she . gale be suddenly a world away . and she be fight back tear as we crane up ... until she 's just a tiny dot in this town Square ... int . justice build - sitting room - day katniss be escort into a elegant room by a pair of peacekeeper who retreat and stand guard at the door . she sit on a velvet couch . then prim and Mrs. everdeen enter . prim run across the room and bury she face in katniss 's lap , awash with tear . katniss hold she tightly . Mrs. everdeen be outside the hug , too bereft to function . katniss it 's gonna be okay , Mom . you will have the money from prim 's goat-milk . and gale will bring you game . Mrs. everdeen half - nod , break down in sob . katniss ( cont 'd ) listen , Mom . prim do not go , katniss ... katniss ( grab she mom ) listen to I ! ( Mrs. everdeen turn ) you can not do to she what you do to I . you can not disappear on she like you do when dad die - because there will not be any I around to look out for everybody . that register . we can see Mrs. everdeen take it in ... mother I know . I will not , I - - katniss whatever happen , whatever you see on the screen , you have to fight through it and take care of she ! another nod . prim clasp katniss 's face in she hand . prim you have to take care , too . you be so fast and brave . maybe you can win . 21 . @ katniss ( try ) maybe . then we would be rich as haymitch . prim I do not care if we be rich . I just want you to come home . ( katniss nod ) you will try , will not you . really , really try ? katniss really , really try . I swear it . prim unlatch the mockingjay pin from she dress and pin on katniss with tremble hand . prim wear this . it will be like have a piece of I with you . katniss nod , blink back a tear . katniss prim , there be some thing you be go to have to take care of now . @ the trading . that 's gonna be you . ( prim 's eye go wide ) you know what to pick in the forest . there be katniss -plant by the creek ; a bunch about this big be worth a loaf of bread at the hob . make sure you always bring back strawberry for the Mayor . he will tell the peacekeeper to leave you alone . but you have to check the fence with a stick every time you go through it ; one of this day they be gonna turn it on . have you get all that ? prim nod , sort of . katniss try to lighten thing : katniss ( cont 'd ) and take care of buttercup , okay ? he 's gonna be so sad without I ! prim almost smile . almost . then the moment shatter : first peacekeeper , that 's all you get . let 's go . it * ee he move in . the family join in a final , desperate embrace . 22 . prim you be gonna keep the pin on , right ? katniss nod . peacekeeper pull prim and Mrs. everdeen away . prim ( cont 'd ) and you be gonna come back ? katniss I love you . * and they be go . the door slam shut . katniss stand there , she arm hang limply at she side . utterly alone . ext . town square - moment later ( day ) the Square be empty now . the podium set have be strike . Mrs. everdeen , try to be strong , lead prim away ... but gale remain out here , alone , distraught . stare ... * .-.at katniss , barely visible through a second~story window * in the justice Building . it 's a final , wordless goodbye - until she 's pull away . we hear the sound of a train , as ... * of int . train - katniss's compartment - moving - evening katniss sit in silence on a train do 250 m.p.h . out the * window we just see darkness . then a light knock on she door , and effie trinket 's voice : effie ( 0.s. ) dinner 's soon ! please bathe ! then effie 's go . katniss rise , in a fog . int . train - katniss's compartment - bathroom - continuing katniss drift in . everything in here be new to she . there 's no tub . instead ... a shower . huh ? she hit a knob - shocked when water come out . she literally recoil . and there 's she reflection , catch in the bathroom mirror . feel like a stranger look back at she . we CUT to : int . train - dine car - moving - evening katniss , freshly shower , sit in a dull green jumpsuit , she mockingjay pin on it . effie and peeta be here . no haymitch . 23. @ before they be the biggest meal katniss have ever see : lamb chop , carrot soup , mashed potato , green salad . effie eat , please . food 's always so scarce in the Arena , you want to go into the Games with some meat on you bone . katniss and peeta begin - awed by the quantity . peeta where 's we mentor ? effie haymitch be take a nap . it 's be a exhaust day . on a mute tv behind effie , we see a nightly round - up of coverage from all the reaping ceremony across panem today : twelve district , each select a lucky boy and girl ... a monstrous boy from District 2 , a fox - face girl from 5 , a boy with a crippled foot from 10 . and , most hauntingly , a 12 year - old girl from District 11 . @ she have brown skin and soulful eye . katniss just stare ... then , clip from the District 12 reaping . katniss herself . and prim . and peeta ... and haymitch , stumbling on stage . her mentor . a drunk . it 's unsettle as hell ... katniss be he go to tell we what to -- effie I be thrilled you two have such decent manners ! the pair last year eat everything with they hand ! it completely upset my digestion . katniss hungry people do not think much about manners . effie tighten . peeta 's silent - he eye rivete on the iv . effie ( be : news on tv ) check out the competition , peeta ? @ peeta just the career . 24 . effie I be afraid I do not know what that -- peeta ( yes you do ) the tributes that be train for the Games by they district . effie no district do that . bullshit . katniss and peeta know it . but effie try : effie ( cont 'd ) that 's just a rumor . everyone know District training be illegal . katniss then why do the winner always come from one , two , and four every year ? effie the tributes from the wealthier district get more sponsor , that 's all . so they get more help . there 's nothing sinister about it . she just lose they , officially . more tension ... as haymitch stumble in - hammer , as usual . haymitch I miss supper ? tense silence . he take a seat , set he drink down , unfold he napkin - reflexively reach for a bottle of white gin . ..- but peeta , just as reflexively , grab haymitch 's hand . it shock the hell out of everyone - mostly peeta himself . peeta Sir , I think we would both prefer it if you do not have anymore to drink . you be suppose to be advise we . haymitch here 's some advice . do not die . he burst out laugh . katniss look to peeta . peeta that 's very funny . he throw haymitch 's glass to the floor , shatter it . 25 . peeta ( cont 'd ) only not to we . haymitch consider that for a moment , impressed , then slug peeta_in the jaw , knock he from he chair . haymitch reach for the bottle ... +.- just as katniss stab at he hand with she knife , barely miss flesh . the knife dig itself into the table . silence . everyone await a explosion from haymitch ... until : haymitch well . do I actually get a pair of fighter this year ? katniss and peeta be not expect that . haymitch eye she . haymitch ( cont 'd ) can you hit anything with that knife besides a table ? katniss yank the knife from the table and throw it at the far wall . it stick between two panel -seam . haymitch rise , circle he two tributes , study they . haymitch ( cont 'd ) I will make a deal with you two . you do not interfere with my drink , and I will stay sober enough to help you . be that fair ? ( they nod ) you will have to do exactly as I say . about everything . effie put some ice in a napkin , hand it to peeta for the bruise redden he jaw . haymitch ( cont 'd ) no . let it bruise . people will think you have be mixing it up with the other tributes before you have even enter the Arena . ( peeta set it down ) when we get to the Capitol , you will be put in the hand of stylist who will prepare you for you presentation . they work be vital . katniss right . ' Cause it 's a beauty contest . 26 . haymitch yes . it be . and the people who figure that out tend to be the one who survive . be you through now ? that shut katniss up . haymitch look right through she . haymitch ( cont 'd ) the best-look tribute get the most sponsor . and sponsor be my only mean of help you once you be in the Arena . understood ? .-- which be when katniss see something out the window - a landmark , recognizeable to we ... it 's Chicago . or what use to be Chicago . across Lake Michigan we see the skeleton of a city . decaye , lifeless . a empty ghost town . haymitch approach the wall , eye the knife katniss throw . haymitch ( cont 'd ) be this where you be aim ? katniss more or less . haymitch good . eat. katniss pick up a lamb chop with she hand , devour a bite , then wipe she hand on the tablecloth . effie sigh . CUT to : ext . district 12 - marshalling yard - night a coal train , in a grimy part of the seam . we push in , to look at its payload , a bed of black coal ... ..- with a stowaway atop it - gale . he throw a look at : * +.. prim , who stand at the fence of the marshall yard . she * nod , " go . " he nod back , then duck out of sight . * the train pull out of the yard , into dark night . * int . capitol - train station - day katniss try to hide she awe , but it 's a effort - because we have just pull into the Capitol - and it be dazzle . wealth and excess . splendor . even this train station . 27 . everything gleam , overly bright . the color look like candy . beautiful music drift through hide speaker . the citizen here be well - dress , well - feed . and attentive : they stop , and wave at we . ( the arrival of a tribute train be avery big deal around here . ) adult , kid , wave at we . katniss , look out the window of she compartment , can not quite bring herself to wave back . but peeta can - lean out of he window , right next to hers , wave graciously . the crowd love it . katniss do not . ext . train station - moment later -~ day haymitch and effie lead the two junior celebrity through the station . feel like another planet to katniss . they pass a virtual newsstand . one face appear on dozen of i- magazine cover : " seneca crane - the genius behind the Hunger Games . " something tell katniss to study this face ... a girl pass by , katniss 's age ... with two healthy parent , clean hair , a poodle on a leash ... and a ice cream cone in she hand . lick happily . katniss ( be : ice cream ) what 's that ? effie laugh , certain that katniss be kid . effie silly ! but haymitch know better . he lead they away . we CUT to : ext . capitol - triumph avenue - day katniss just see she first restaurant . ever . a clean place where family eat ... as she and peeta be drive down the biggest street_in the Capitol . think emerald city - but with a sinister underbelly . the color be heighten and saturate . the architecture be immaculate . people be grin . but it all feel synthetic . katniss now I know where all that coal go . effie let 's get you two clean up already ! you be be present today ! ( more ) 28 . effie ( cont would ) ( katniss eye she ) no one 's go to sponsor you look like this , katniss . could you blame they ? a look from haymitch tell katniss not to fire back . int . capitol - remake CENTER - prep room - day rippp ! a woman name venia yank a strip of wax off we leg . venia ( pitch Capitol accent ) sorry ! but you be just so hairy ! katniss be naked , silent . and surround : eyebrow pluck by a man name flavius , nail shape by a portly woman name octavia - ( each with that same pitch Capitol accent . ) flavius you be do very well ! if there 's one thing we can not stand , it 's a whiner ! katniss do not reply - she have not say a word in hour . octavia ( gossippy , to venia : ) I '1l tell you who would be fun to prep . that glimmer girl . the tall one . she 's gorgeous ! that eye ! venia I know ! and that white white tooth ! octavia ( to katniss ) I have to admit it , I have the tiniest thrill when they pull you sister 's name at the reaping ! ( katniss tighten ) I mean , she precious little face ! I just could not stop think of all the way we would get to dress she and make she up ! Little Rose everdeen ! venia I know ! I too ! ( at katniss ) not that we be disappointed when it turn out to be you ! no . now that we have get rid of all that hair and filth , you be not horrible at -- 29 . 6 katniss prim . katniss 's first word . in hour . the other eye she . venia I be sorry ? katniss it 's prim . and she hate make -up . a beat ... then this three howl with laughter . peal of it . venia you be hysterical ! let 's go get cinna ! they vanish . katniss , alone and naked , grab a robe . then she notice - she 's be watch : Three storey above this room , visible through its glass ceiling , fifteen people look down at she from a interior balcony - each of they sip a cocktail ... e@ this be the gamesmaker - study the tributes in each prep room without expression . ( seneca be not among they . ) katniss eye they , utterly unnerve . afraid ... until : cinna ( 0.s. ) how despicable we must seem to you . she turn . stand in the doorway be cinna , ( 30 ) . he seem * decent , unaffected - even he voice . but she 's wary . cinna ( cont 'd ) you braid - who do it ? katniss my mother . cinna it 's beautiful . classic . we be not go to touch it . he enter , hit a button . the top of a table split in two and another huge meal appear ; katniss will not react to it . * cinna ( cont 'd ) I be cinna , katniss . I will be you @ stylist - which mean I be here to help you survive . be you hungry ? 30 . katniss I be scared . that come out reflexively , shocking she . cinna 's touch . cinna I know . he smile warmly . that fast , a trust begin to grow . katniss how would you get stick with District 12 ? I know all the stylist hate it . cinna they lack imagination . katniss , I ask for District 12 . I want the challenge , and not because I like that stupid coal - miner outfit the tributes from twelve always get present in . right ? he might just be sincere . human . he seem it . they sit . cinna ( cont 'd ) I have a idea , but it 's go to require you to trust I a little . ( a beat ) be you afraid of fire , katniss ? yes , she be . on she face , we CUT to : int . remake CENTER - underground - night katniss wear a black unitard , knee-high leather boot , a cape of orange and yellow . peeta 's in the same outfit ... +-.as they stand on a chariot . four horse up front . up ahead , another chariot vanish around a corner into the bright - light of a street outside . but we chariot have not be send out yet . cinna grin , excited . cinna it 's not real fire , of course . just some synthetic flame portia and I come up with . I want they to remember you . be right back . he step a few foot away , where a woman name portia fuss with a flare that seem to be malfunction . the two of they tinker with it as katniss and peeta wait , anxious . 31 . katniss what do you think about this ? peeta I will rip off you cape if you rip off mine . katniss deal . cinna ( 0.s. ) okay , get it ! here we go ! he approach , that flare lit now . katniss 's eye go wide . cinna ( cont 'd ) meet katniss everdeen - the girl who be on Fire ! light they cape on " fire " . synthetic flame suddenly rise up around we - look awfully real . cinna it work ! thrill , he make a ssssst sound at the horse up front . they begin to trot - and we be move . +-- all of it before katniss can adjust to the fact that she cape be now burn . cinna call out to they : cinna ( cont 'd ) head high ! smile ! they be go to love you ! oh , and hold hand ! +..as we be pull through massive OPEN door and onto : ext . CITY circle - night a wide boulevard - fill with chariot bear the other 11 payr of tribute , glide ahead of we gracefully . but none of that tributes be on fire - which be why cheering citizen , ten -deep , now gape at the sight of we , dazzle . katniss have to shout : katniss should not haymitch be around to protect we from this sort of thing ? peeta last thing I want be haymitch near a open flame ! here. 32 . he take she hand . the crowd roar : " twelve ! twelve ! " it 's thrill . cinna give a thumb -up . katniss glance to she leave , where a giant tv screen give she a oversize look at herself and peeta , in flame . a gasp escape she lip . be that I ?! the crowd blow kiss , call out she name now : " katniss ! katniss ! " it give she a odd feel of hope . a citizen throw she a red rise . she catch it , blow a kiss back . a hundre hand reach up to catch she kiss . wow . she look down , notice now that she be squeezing the color out of peeta 's hand . she release it - until he stop she : peeta no , do not let go of I . I might fall out of this thing ! katniss okay . it feel now like every eye be on katniss and peeta , as : int . tv booth - overlooking the STREET - same a broadcast booth , like you would see at the Rose parade . claudius templesmith be do play - by-play live . he have a special guest tonight : seneca , do " color " . templesmith ( on tv ) tell I , mister crane . what be you look for at this point in the proceedings ? what characteristic in a tribute catch you eye ? seneca I would imagine I be look for the same thing bettor look for : athleticism , intelligence . except my goal be to deliver a great event , as oppose to pick a winner . templesmith that you do , Sir . that you do . you Games can always be count on for great drama and breathless pace ! ( inside joke : ) and even on that rare occasion when they hit a slow patch , we know we can count on you to live thing up - when appropriate of course . seneca now , now , claudius . do not go start trouble ! you know that my gamesmaker and I would never do anything to influence the outcome of the Games . templesmith just now and then ! only now and then ! ( laugh ... ) Dazzling display tonight from District 12 ; the crowd certainly seem take with it . that 's the girl who volunteer for she sister , hmm ? seneca quite a thing . probably the biggest moment District twelve have give the Games in a few decade . sad to say . back to katniss - cheer from the crowd flow over she . it 's a overwhelming experience - noise , light , energy . then : int . training CENTER - catacomb - moment later massive door close behind we . the parade 's over . silence . and the letdown be profound : buzz-kill , just like that as katniss now face all the rest of the tribute . 22 child , most of whom will soon be dead . they exit they chariot , disrob like stripper backstage at a bad club . katniss let go of peeta 's hand . peeta thanks for keep hold of I . I be get a little shaky there . katniss it do not show . peeta you should wear flame more often . they suit you . that say with a shy smile that katniss can almost believe . she remove she flame cape . above she be another huge tv : templesmith ( on tv ) hopefully , she will be the picture people remember from the reaping - as oppose to haymitch abernathy 's stumbling drunkenly on to the stage ! * e k 34 . katniss notice the dark -skin girl from District 11 , rue , just a child , look awfully shaky as she remove she costume . for some reason , katniss keep stare at she ... as : seneca ( on tv ) frankly , that 's something I wish * have not be aire . the Games be * mean to be family entertainment , after all . katniss tighten , sick inside . ..- which be when haymitch and effie arrive . effie that be wonderful ! wonderful ! I know there be a pretty girl under there somewhere ! and you too , peeta . katniss barely hear that - still watch rue ... effie ( cont 'd ) I always say , if you put enough pressure on coal it turn to pearl ! katniss oyster . * effie hmmm ? katniss pearl come from oyster . * effie tighten ... across the room be tributes we will come to know : cato and clove from District 2 . glimmer and marvel from District 1 - all of they sculpt athlete . katniss look to peeta . katniss ( cont 'd ) there they be . the career . effie I really wish you would stop use that term , katniss . it 's unsportsmanlike . katniss note a fox - face girl from District 5 , and a steely - look kid from District 4 - call he bravura - as a woman enter : calloway , carry a large box . effie sigh . effie ( cont 'd ) ugh. paperwork ! 35 . calloway mentor , I have the pre-game package - please distribute they to you tributes . all form must be complete before enter the train Center : burial preference , ergans to be donate , et cetera . there be also six personalize condolence card in each package . if anyone need more , please see I . this say as if she be hand out sandwich . katniss spot the tiny little wisp from District 11 again . rue , whose hand be tremble so badly from fear that she drop the papers she mentor just hand to she . the boy from District 11 be thresh : huge , iron-strong ... and kind . he calm rue with a smile , grab the papers for she ... .-.as katniss watch , unable to turn away ... effie do not let she distract you ; it might just be a stunt . ( katniss study effie ) johanna mason , a few year ago - she wept through the whole train week , never see such a scared little puppy ! then Day one of the Games she hatchete six kid in two minute ! and win ! sign , dear . it 's late . effie hand she a pen and the papers . katniss glance at they , then at peeta . he nod . she take the pen ... ... when she 's brush aside , rudely , by cato - as he and the other career ( district 1 , 2 , and 4 ) , blow out of here . she watch cato go , then sign the papers ... ext . coal train - moving - dusk gale , atop that bed of coal . he 's hungry and cold . as the train pull through a rural train station , he peek out - and see something odd on the station platform : that wild dog - the size of bull - we see they hunt not long ago . a few of they sleep in chain on the platform , drugge , be load into transport cage by hunter . gale get just a glimpse of it as the train pull away ... 36 . @ int . training CENTER - lobby - later evening effie lecture katniss and peeta while touring they through the training CENTER . haymitch be here too , but only barely . effie this be the train Center , you * home sweet home until the Games * begin ! Breakfast at seven , training * during the day ; at night you will be make appearance . do either of you have any special skill ? peeta skill ? the place be teeming with support staff - to clean , to bring towel , etc . something odd about they though . katniss take notice ... as effie continue , with no help from haymitch : effie a talent that might be of use in the Arena . anything . peeta @ katniss can shoot . bow and arrow . effie then please do not go near one until * evaluation Day ! right , haymitch ? * haymitch nod absently . so effie have to continue : * effie ( cont 'd ) * no need to let you competition know * you strength , you see ? * katniss be not peeta my competition too ? effie sigh , wait for haymitch to pounce . forget it . the guy have check out ; it 's less painful than engage ... effie no . he 's not . as of tonight he be you partner . ( katniss do not get it ) the crowd love you two as a couple up there . and where the crowd go , sponsor follow ! so from now on , you will be join at the hip - all '' through you train period . 37 . @ peeta nod . katniss do not . effie what about you , peeta ? any special skill ? peeta I work all day . my father 's bakery . effie oh . and what do you do for he ? peeta I make cake . haymitch that should come in handy - if you ever need to frost someone to death . katniss eye haymitch , thanks for chime in . then : katniss he can wrestle . I have see he . he 's * strong . haymitch * @ congratulation . no wrestle during * " training . confine yourselves to knot - * tie or something . two custodian pass by , push cart . again , something odd about they - a dullness in they eye ... effie as you can see , there be avox all over the train Center . they be here to make you stay more comfortable . so do not hesitate to -- katniss what 's a avox ? haymitch my goodness , what a rube . ( katniss tighten ) avox be criminal of the State , traitor . they work - and they do not bitch - mostly because they tongue have be cut out . that sicken katniss . she suddenly take a second look at a @ towel - boy she would just walk past , he eye lifeless . 38 . @ katniss do not look like a traitor to I . haymitch I wonder if you might become less * sullen at some point . * no reply . a elevator open . they enter . effie katniss , we really be all you have get . you should treat we as friend . katniss 's look say , " not too likely . " effie ( cont 'd ) well try and pretend ! ( calmly smile ... ) see ? like this . I be smile at you even though you be aggravate I . int . training CENTER - elevator - continuing haymitch press " 12 . " the car start to rise , quickly . @ haymitch twelve . like the District . we get the whole floor . katniss be unimpress . haymitch ( cont 'd ) you should listen to effie , darling ; you need to be like this week . if the people like you , you will get more sponsor , and sponsor pay for the gift that might just keep you alive once you be inside the Arena - assume I like you enough to send they and seneca like you enough to let I . so a little less ... disdain would make sense here . would not it ? katniss pause . haymitch , effie , and peeta study she ... katniss my eye . haymitch hmmm ? @ katniss the organ I just agree to donate . * 39 . the door open . katniss burst out . they watch she go . int . capitol - training CENTER - katniss ‘s room - night a clean , well - appoint room . katniss enter , miserable . dinner be wait here for she . on a silver tray . Steak , rice , salad ... and a scoop of ice cream . she smashes the plate to the floor . back away , reeling . but that fast , she door open - and a random , anonymous avox ( female ) enter with a tray . the avox kneel down to clean up the mess . katniss turn , embarrassed . katniss oh . I can do that . it 's my ... the avox start clean , gather break piece ... katniss can not take it . she bend down , and start help with the clean-up . two girl , silently fix a mess . ++.until something take katniss 's breath away : the face of this avox - because we have see she before . she be lavinia , the red-haire girl netted by that hovercraft * in the forest last year , while katniss do nothing to help ... and now she 's a avox . her tongue cut out . Cleaning up a mess make by my tantrum . katniss sag , ashamed . katniss ( cont 'd ) I ... but there 's nothing to say . lavinia dip a napkin in some * water , reach for katniss 's hand - katniss notice only now that she would cut herself when she smashed the dish . gently , slowly , lavinia clean katniss 's wound - katniss too * chagrin to speak . receiving kindness from a slave . katniss ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I should have save you . I should have try . no reply , of course . but there 's a faint response in lavinia 's eye . then she take the tray from the room . * katniss , alone again . it all feel like a horrifying dream . 40 . ext . training CENTER - rooftop - later night a door open . peeta step on to the roof of the building . ...to find katniss alone , eyeing the brightly - light city below . peeta must be what a city look like when they leave the power on . katniss nod . can not quite participate in small - talk . peeta ( cont 'd ) if you be think of jump , do not bother . he pick up a pebble , toss it off the roof ... it bounce back in mid-air , as if it would hit a invisible wall . peeta ( cont 'd ) plasma field . katniss they be worried about we safety . it 's touch . peeta I guess you be not too happy with we support team . katniss I just do not like pretend . ina couple day I be gonna have to kill you or you will have to kill I or -- peeta stop . I would never do that , katniss . * I could not . * that throw katniss , the certitude of it . she 's silent . peeta ( cont 'd ) I be not go to let all this change * I - or turn I into something I be not . katniss you be not plan to kill anybody ? peeta no. I will kill , like everyone else ; I can not go down without a fight . but , I * want the Capitol to see that they * ( more ) 4l . peeta ( cont would ) do not own I , that I be more than just a piece of they Games . ya know ? if I die , I be go to die as myself . I be not gonna turn into a monster in there . ' Cause then they win . katniss they have win already . do not you know that ? peeta what I mean be , you can count on I . katniss well do not count on I , peeta . I be gonna do whatever I have to to get home again . peeta good . you should . but there 's nothing wrong with let people help you . katniss right . I know . I be suppose to smile a lot and try to charm everybody - or convince they what a great- look team you and I make . and why ? so_ my death will be more interesting to they . I can not do that . can you ? ( peeta let that go ) they be send we in there to kill each other . oh , and on the way , give we some human-interest stuff too . sorry . when I die they can just say , " well , there go that sullen girl from District 12 . too bad we do not get to know she better . " peeta what if go along might ... give you a better chance to survive ? katniss if that 's all it take , peeta , I be pretty sure you will be the one who 's still stand at the end . that wounded he . she leave he alone on the roof ... int . training CENTER - gym - day a massive space : station set up for archery , knife - throw , fire-building , rope-climbing , botany , wrestle , sprinting . the tributes will be evaluate here . they file in now ... 42 . ++.as the gamesmaker chat by a buffet . we find haymitch , sampling the drink cart ... until he sigh , and turn : betto be right behind haymitch - ready to emasculate : betto it 's touch , you dedication to you tributes . make I wonder why tributes from 12 always seem to lose ! he gesture to katniss and peeta , now enter the facility , the only tributes in here unaccompany by a mentor . great . haymitch put he drink down , cross the facility - unmove by the look of disdain from he fellow mentor . he reach peeta , and a glaring katniss . no " hello " . haymitch you two will be evaluate last . the gamesmaker be usually tired by then - you will just have to get they attention somehow . should be a good fit for you , katniss , ' cause it 's the only pre-Games event that will not require you to be pleasant . katniss note the other tributes : cato , clove , Marvel , glimmer , bravura ... scoping the room out , undaunted . katniss that mean you want we to try today ? haymitch absolutely . you very best . get a good score , and sponsor will notice . good luck ! and may the odd be -- katniss thanks . int . training CENTER - gym - day ( various ) quick cut - of several tributes be evaluate : - glimmer , slice a mannequin 's head off with a sword . - cato , lift a boulder , smash it to the ground . - Marvel , throw a knife twenty yard at a target . bullseye . - clove , sweep - kick a male sparring partner . he go down . - thresh , crush a mannequin with a swing mace . 43. - rue , use stone to start a fire . - foxface , racing through a obstacle course . fast and agile . - bravura , hurl a trident . another bullseye . the gamesmaker keep score , sort of . some drinking have begin . int . training CENTER - hallway - moment later a clock tick . peeta sit against a wall . katniss pace , turn a corner , find a water fountain . leans in , until : * seneca ( 0.s. ) well. miss everdeen . seneca , a foot away . smiling . katniss tighten . all she bravado suddenly go ... katniss sir. hi ... seneca brave thing you do , volunteering for you sister like that . katniss thank you . seneca you know , it 's funny . I can control everything about the Games - except who 's in they . so whenever we get a tribute with a ... compelling personal story , it 's always very gratify . how have you accommodation be ? katniss Fine . seneca good . and have you see any of the evaluation session today ? ee katniss * oh , no . we have be in a holding room * all day . I think the judge do not * want we check out the competition . * seneca * can I tell you a secret ? * huh ? katniss nod . seneca lean in , and whisper : * 44 , seneca ( cont 'd ) you just meet he . then he 's go . katniss 's hand be suddenly shaking ... int . training CENTER - gym - moment later katniss enter the gym . the gamesmaker barely turn . some of they tipsy now , most of they eyeing the buffet to they leave . she cross to the archery station , grab a bow and arrow , take aim at a dummy fifty yard away . only half the gamesmaker be even watch . she fire . .»-- and miss leave . a few more gamesmaker turn away . irritate , she make a slight adjustment in the bow . ... and fire three rapid shot - hit the dummy in the heart , then the head , then sever the rope by which it hang - but the gamesmaker still be not watch - because : gamesmaker hey ! / that look wonderful !/ it 's about time !/ Fresh meat ! a avox just walk in with a roasted pig on a tray . the gamesmaker now have they back completely turn to katniss . it 's infuriate - and she reaction be instant : she grab a arrow , take dead aim ... and let it fly . thwak ! the arrow hit the apple in the pig 's mouth , pin the pig to a wall - as the gamesmaker drop to the floor in frighten surprise . silence hover ... katniss , as shocked as any of they , drop she bow . katniss thanks for you consideration . she head for a door - pass haymitch . haymitch smart , katniss . Real smart . katniss what can they do to I - kick I out of the Games ? haymitch no . but they might do something to you mother . or to prim. 45 . that stop katniss flat ... haymitch ( cont 'd ) the Capitol do not appreciate dissent . have not you notice ? just then she realize ... that seneca have be watch from one floor up . dread rocket through she now . she run out ... int . training CENTER - katniss's room - moment later katniss enter , shut the door , slide down to the floor . and she let it hit , for the first time , the terror and despair of all this . tear come - in a wave , shaking she ... just a lose , frighten kid - sobbing ... when : effie ( 0.s. ) katniss ? katniss ? effie , at the door , bang on it . katniss can not move ... katniss please go away . please ... effie keep at it . pound . katniss sob , to no one ... katniss ( cont 'd ) I wanna go home . prim , I wanna come home ! lose , as the sun set on the artificial candy Capitol ... int . game CENTER - same seneca enter Mission Control . everyone tighten . Electronic board be alive with income data . seneca the pre - Val score have all be send to you screen . please see that they be post . betto look at he screen . on it , a numerical score beside the name of every tribute . cato get a 10 , glimmer a 9 , Marvel a 9 , rue a 7 , thresh a 10 , bravura a 8 , peeta a 8 ... ..- but there 's no score beside katniss 's name . betto pause . betto sir? katniss everdeen ? * 46 . seneca yes . give she a eleven . silence in here . maybe they hear he wrong . seneca wait ... betto um ... Sir ? seneca if she get to a bow and arrow in there she 's a very legitimate contender . that feel like a lie , but no one 's go to say so . seneca ( cont 'd ) just post it . no explanation . he just head for he office ... int . training CENTER - dressing room - night eye shadow , apply to katniss 's close eye - as we hear : effie ( 0.s. ) head up high , you hand should never be off you lap . and posture , very important . strength and femininity . cinna ( 0.s. ) thank you , effie . katniss , you can open you eye now . katniss 's eye open now ... and she be stunne : ...by her own reflection : arm stencile , hair woven in a lovely braid down one shoulder , make - up subtle and elegant . and a jewele dress , accented with tongue of fire . not pretty . not beautiful . radiant as the sun . effie well there you be ! a pearl ! cinna be beam . his team squeal with delight . katniss still have not speak . just too floor . cinna get it . cinna give we a moment , all right ? his team exit . effie shrug unhappily , follow they . now it 's just cinna and katniss . she still have not speak . 47 . katniss I look like .... cinna like the girl you be mean to be . let I see a twirl . she twirl , almost allow the thrill of it . cinna ( cont 'd ) oh katniss ... ( she blushes ) I hope the sponsor really see you tonight . like this . the real you . katniss haymitch say I be sullen and hostile . cinna you be - around haymitch . ( that help ) forget he tonight . once that camera be on , try to pretend you be talk to a best friend back home . do you have someone like that ? katniss yeah . his name 's gale . but he hate all this . cinna he love you , though . do not he . katniss I dunno . cinna well , when you - see I sit in that audience , pretend I be he . can you do that ? ( she nod ) listen , I lie to you the other day - about the reason I ask for District 12 . it be you , katniss . what you do for you sister , how brave you be . tonight require ... a different kind of bravery , okay ? ( that register ) let they love you out there . it might just save you . 48 . ext . amphitheatre - backstage - night katniss join the other tribute , each make - over , backstage at a amphitheatre . peeta , in a black suit with flame accent , nod to she . no one else acknowledge she at all . ... except for rue , in a gossamer gown with wing , who offer she a nervous smile . katniss mouth to she : '' you look nice . " rue blushes , as a man rush past . he be caesar flickerman - he face paint white ; he hair , lip , and eyelid powder blue . his suit dot with tiny light bulb . we hear : templesmith ( 0.s. ) lady and gentleman , you host for the evening , caesar flickerman ! ext . amphitheatre - broadcast stage - continuing loud applause . peppy music . a stage with 24 chair on it ... +.. as flickerman bounce out , urging more applause ... flickerman thank you , and welcome to the show ! I hope you have bring you appetite for fun , because tonight I go one - on - one with the tributes for the 74th Hunger Games ! and here they be ! more applause - as the tributes walk on stage , single file , fill that wait chair . katniss be almost on stage when haymitch tug at she arm - eyeing she and peeta . haymitch remember , you be still a happy pair - so act like it . peeta nod . katniss too , sort of . haymitch push they out . ..- onto the stage , where applause echoe , cameras everywhere . in the balcony be the gamesmaker . katniss brace herself , all too aware that all of panem be watch : ext . CITY circle - night nothing move . citizen watch on giant screen . ext . district 12 - town square - same every citizen of the seam , watch , hope ... as : 49 . ext . amphitheatre - broadcast stage - night ( various ) Marvel , interview by flickerman . 23 other tributes wait . flickerman Marvel , we hear so much about alliance form during the Games - tribute band together in the early stage . do you have a strategy in that regard ? marvel seem really weird to I , join up with people you be suppose to be compete with . I think I would be better off just kill they . flickerman oh my ... laughter and applause from the crowd - as we CUT to : - cato , get he turn now : flickerman cato , you be from District two , which have produce the last two winner of the Games . do that bring any burden with it for you ? cato ( calm as Tom brady : ) it be a great responsibility , a lot to live up to . but it 's also a privilege - to follow in the footstep of such great champion . I just have to match they intensity . warm applause . katniss hate this guy already . we jump to : - foxface , the red-headed girl from 5 . flickerman so you name 's marissa but everyone call you foxface . because you be a redhead ? foxface no , sir. because I be tricky . sly grin . she hold up he wristwatch . * +e HH ee ee * * kkh fh hhh of * 50 . e flickerman my watch ! he look at he bare wrist in astonishment . the audience laugh appreciatively . we CUT to : - bravura , flex huge arm for flickerman to gape at : flickerman can you really lift two hundred pound ? bravura grab flickerman and lift he over he head . wow . flickerman ( cont 'd ) I guess he can ! Big applause . we CUT to : - rue , in that gossamer gown , a shy butterfly . rue I be very hard to catch . and if they can not catch I , they can not kill I . so do not rule I out . @ flickerman I would not in a million year , darling . he put he arm around she and kiss the top of she head . a awwwww rise from the crowd . we CUT to : - thresh , arm cross with hostility , stare straight ahead . flickerman do you have a weapon of choice , thresh ? thresh I like knife . flickerman any special reason ? thresh I think you should be close enough to * look somebody in the eye when you kill they . distance be for coward . + flickerman @ perhaps I will just scoot my chair a few inch farther away from you ! 51 . Big laughter and applause . thresh sit . flickerman look to katniss , who wipe she hand nervously on she dress . flickerman ( cont 'd ) and now , from District twelve , the girl who be on fire , katniss everdeen ! katniss cross to flickerman amidst applause . flickerman ( cont 'd ) katniss , when you come out in the open ceremony , my heart actually stop . what do you think about that costume ? and katniss go blank . silence . uh-oh ... then she spot cinna , in the audience . that help . katniss you mean after I get over my fear of be burn alive ? the audience laugh . flickerman yes . start then . katniss I think cinna be brilliant and it be the most gorgeous costume I would ever see . I could not believe I be wear it . I can not believe I be wear this either ! katniss look to cinna , who make the tiniest circular motion with he finger , twirl for I . katniss hesitates ... then : she twirl . the audience eat it up . flickerman oh do that again ! she do so . more love from the audience . flickerman ( cont 'd ) I would give you , and that dress , a eleven - which remind I of you train score . tell we about that . katniss pause demurely ... then : 52 . katniss all I can say be , I think it be a first . flickerman be you at all afraid it might put a target on you back ? katniss I doubt my fellow tributes pay much attention to it . flickerman brave girl ! let 's go back to the moment they call you sister 's name at the reaping . and you volunteer . can you tell we about she ? not a easy thing to do . katniss gather herself ... katniss her name 's prim . she 's just twelve . and I love she more than anything . flickerman what do she say to you after the reaping ? katniss she ask I to try really hard to win . and I swore I would . flickerman I bet you do . I bet you do . ( that hover ... ) sorry we be out of time . best of luck , katniss everdeen , tribute from District twelve ! big applause . cinna give katniss a thumb up . she sit , as : flickerman ( cont 'd ) and welcome peeta mellark ! more applause . peeta rise . katniss watch he go ... flickerman ( cont 'd ) peeta , you be cover in flame as well , hmmm ? peeta yeah , but it 's different for I . I run the oven at my family 's bakery . ( more ) 53 . peeta ( cont would ) . so I catch on fire two , three time a '' week anyway . the audience laugh . katniss be watch , assess he . flickerman then you be use to danger . peeta my mother - when we do not get we delivery make on time - that 's danger . more laughter . peeta be shockingly good at this ... flickerman do you have a girlfriend back home ? peeta no. flickerman a handsome lad like you ? there must be some special girl . come on , what 's she name ? e peeta sigh , charming the crowd . katniss just a spectator . peeta well , there be this one girl . I have have a crush on she ever since I can remember . but it 's not reciprocate . crowd murmur sympathetically . flickerman oh . she have another fellow ? peeta I do not know . a lot of boy like she . flickerman so here 's what you do . you win , and return home in triumph . she can not turn you down then , eh ? peeta actually , with this girl , win will not help I . flickerman e why ever not ? 54 . peeta because ... she come here with I . what ?! we push in on katniss ; she eye wide : me/ he mean I ! the studio cameras bore in on she , capture forever she look of surprise and protest . the crowd sigh . .»-- as peeta milk it , stare at he shoetop ... flickerman that be a bad piece of luck . peeta it 's not good . flickerman I can hardly blame you . it would be hard not to fall for that young lady . more applause . katniss smolder . peeta smile nervously ... a few in the audience weep now . flickerman ( cont 'd ) would not you just love to pull she back up here and get a response ?! ( the crowd roar ) sadly , rule be rule , and she time be up . but best of luck to you , peeta mellark - and I think I speak for all of panem when I say we heart go with yours . peeta thank you . he return to he seat . the crowd cheer . katniss stare straight ahead . a band start play the national anthem . everyone in the building rise - but the screen in here be fill with a single two - shot , katniss and peeta , the newly - mint star of this show . on she face , burn , we CUT to : ext . amphitheatre - backstage - moment later boom ! katniss put both palm into peeta 's chest , knock he backward . he fall into a pot plant , cut he hand . peeta what be that for ? katniss you have no right to do that ! 55 . @ effie and haymitch rush over , alarmed . haymitch what happen ?! peeta nothing . I fall . haymitch pull peeta up , note the blood on peeta 's hand . katniss do you put he up to this ? haymitch I wish I have . it play great . that angere she even more . peeta stay silent . effie you owe he a thank you , katniss . you just cross - over out there ! katniss what the hell do that mean ? haymitch e it mean he just give everybody outside District twelve a reason to give a damn about you . katniss he make I look weak . haymitch he make you look desirable , which might be enough to save you life tomorrow . the Star - cross Lovers from District 12 . sponsor go for -- katniss but we be not Star -cross Lovers ! haymitch then fake it . because whatever that people want to buy , it 's we job to sell it to they . understand ? ( a beat ) or would you rather do it you way - and die ? e katniss eye they both ... then walk away . we dissolve to : 56 . int . training CENTER - katniss's room - night katniss , alone . it 's the night before the Games , and she 's a wreck , no chance of sleep . stare at that mockingjay pin . then , a knock at she door . must be peeta . great . she cross to it , annoyed . open it . that fast , she jaw drop - because : gale be stand here . clean up . dress like a avox . gale hi , katniss . before katniss can formulate a reply , we CUT to : int . training CENTER - dine room - late night haymitch sit alone - buzze , not hammer - until : effie ( 0.s. ) you really ought to get some sleep tonight , haymitch . effie . she seem less pitch than usual . more genuine . effie ( cont 'd ) be you sober ? haymitch basically . mostly . have to honor my pledge to we tributes . ( no reply ) besides , tonight be not about booze . it 's about bread and circuse . effie huh ? haymitch somebody ask a Roman emperor once , " how do you get a public to give up all its rights without a protest ? " and he say , " easy . just give they bread and circuse . " effie haymitch ! govern yourself ! people could be listen . and she go . he pound he fist on the table ... 57 . @ int . training CENTER - katniss's compartment - resuming katniss pull gale into she room , scared to death for he . katniss how do you -- gale a coal train . then I steal a i.d. to get around the city . katniss that be reckless , gale . they kill people for infiltrate the Capitol . gale I think I could help you . katniss you can help I by take care of prim and my mother . I can not do this if I be worry about -- * gale it 's prim that ask I to come . she * @ want you to see something . * katniss ooh . he extract something from inside the jumpsuit he 's be * wear . four piece of artist paper . he lay they out : four drawing of katniss stare up at we now . sketch , lovingly render . beautiful ... she sag a bit . katniss ( cont 'd ) * gale . you should not have -- gale I do not draw they , katniss . peeta do . we see he Mom throw they * into a dumpster after the reaping . katniss be silent ; it 's a lot to take in . gale ( cont 'd ) you do not like trust people ; I * know that . but this time you should . * he will protect you . @ katniss how do you know ? 58 . gale guy do dumb thing sometimes , when they be ... the sentence fade ; he can not finish it . ton go unsaid . katniss we do not get to say goodbye , before . gale no . and I be not gonna say it now . ' Cause I be plan to see you again , after the Games . okay ? ( she shrug , doubt it ) you be the best hunter I know , katniss . even better than I . you know how to kill . katniss not people . gale how different can it be , really ? that hover . they be both sad as hell . katniss you should go . there 's a curfew . gale I be serious . I be not say goodbye . katniss then ... she put that three finger to she lip , offer he that same wordless gesture . he nod , eye welling . returns it . then he open the door . and she eye go wide once again : ..- because lavinia be out here , wait in the hall . gale nod to she - which tell katniss that lavinia be the one who get he into this building . hence katniss 's utter awe . gale we will be watch ... katniss be speechless . lavinia can not acknowledge it . gale nod , smile ... then follow the avox down the hall ... int . capitol - juvenal casino / sport book - late night a decadent showplace , acre of brightly - light darkness . * +e hhh HH 59 . @ giant electronic board in here give we color - code odd on every sport event in panem - number that change at dizzying speed as bet come in from across the nation . one electronic wall be dedicated solely to the Hunger Games . there be " proposition bet " here - odd on which tribute will die first , what the first cause of death will be , and a '' over -under " on how many tributes will fall on the first day . and , of course , there be odd on who 's go to win . at the top be the favorite . cato at 3 - to - 1l . Marvel at 7 - to - 2 . thresh at 4 - to - 1 . peeta 's way down , at 25 - to - 1 . even at this hour , the line at the betting window be twenty - deep . haymitch stand in the back of the Sports Book , eyeing all that number ... until he eye land on the bottom of the betting board , where the long - shot be list . there , list at 100 - to - 1... be katniss everdeen . * haymitch tighten . she 's go to die , and he know it . int . training CENTER - katniss's room - early morning @ Dawn break . katniss awaken ... and gasp : .-- because haymitch be here , kneel by the edge of she bed . have not sleep all night . he lean in with quiet urgency : haymitch when the go sound , get the hell out of there . the Cornucopia be always a blood -bath , and you be not up to it . just clear out , put as much distance as you can between yourself and the other , and find a source of water . I be not gonna send you anything you can find on you own . katniss nod . he 's about to go on , when : a_mounted tv _pops_on , " reminding all tributes to wake up and gather in the lobby of the train Center ! " haymitch eye it anxiously . katniss too ... until : haymitch ( cont 'd ) remember this - it 's important : you do not win in there by kill * e people - despite what seneca think . you win by not die . ( more ) 60 . haymitch ( cont 'd ) ( katniss nod ) run. hide . cheat if you have to . let they kill each other . but stay alive . katniss get that , every word . on she face , we CUT to : int . hovercraft - flying - morning the tributes be airlift in a hovercraft . no one talk - just eyeing one another , or the floor . a nurse carry a nasty - look syringe approach katniss . nurse still , please . this be you tracker . katniss nod . nurse inject she forearm , painfully , and move on to rue . katniss stare out the window . wilderness below ... then the window suddenly black out - screen rise up . peeta I guess we be get close ... int . transport - moving - morning a van , its window blacked out . the tributes ride in silence . fist clenching , unclench , foot tapping , throat clear , cato do push -up . the van disappear into a tunnel ... int . unknown underground site - corridor - morning a peacekeeper lead katniss to a door . on it , the word , " this Launch room be use on Day one of the 74th Hunger Games by katniss everdeen - female , District 12 . " peacekeeper open the door , revealing a dress room . int . unknown underground site - launch room - morning she 's in simple tawny pants , light green blouse , brown belt , thin hood black jacket , leather boot over sock . cinna braid she hair . katniss just stare . numb silence . cinna expect some cool night . the jacket 's design to reflect body heat . she nod , try to affix she mockingjay pin onto she outfit . but she hand be shaking so badly , she can not do it . cinna smile warmly , take the pin , affix it for she . 61 . cinna ( cont 'd ) do you want to talk , katniss ? she shake she head . he take she hand . there be no word . just dread , hang ... until they hear a go - and they eye lock - as the voice echoe loudly : templesmith ( v.o. ) lady and gentleman , let the 74th Hunger Games begin ! so this be it . she shut she eye tight . open they again . cinna nod , try to be of comfort . but he 's fight tear . katniss move to a circle cut into the floor . so scared ... cinna I want you to know something - we be not allow to bet . but if I could , my money would be on you . { she half - nod ) good luck , girl on Fire ... she shake , terrify , as the circle - a platform - rise , push she up . the ceiling above she open into darkness . int . cylinder - moving - continuing she stand on the platform , rise through a pitch - black cylinder . heart thumping . as she hear : templesmith ( v.o. ) tributes , the Arena be about to be reveal to you . do not leave you platform until the countdown have conclude . the penalty will be severe . the platform rise . then , blinding light from above . daylight . katniss 's cylinder now emerge from blackness , to : ext . the arena - cornucopia - continuing and she see it , at last : the arena . it 's a forest - to she right be a lake . to she leave , sparse piney wood . and all around she , the 23 other tribute , each emerge just as she do , they platform settling now . 24 set of eye landing on the very same thing - 100 yard from here : a giant golden cornucopia , its mouth 20 foot high , spilling over with life itself : food , water container , fire -starter , medicine , blanket , backpack , and weapon . as we hear : * 62 . templesmith ( v.o. ) good luck ! and may the odd be ever in you favor ! a clock begin to tick down . 60 , 59 , 58 , 57 ... katniss scan the Cornucopia - all that weapon . knive , spear , mace , club . and a bow and arrow ... 40 second , 39 , 38 ... there 's nothing but a plain of hard - pack dirt between she and that bow , except the fact that the 23 other tributes might be run for it too . she swallow hard , she breath shallow . watch the other : cato , clove , Marvel , glimmer , thresh , bravura - they all look so steely . be not they terrify too ? they do not seem it . but rue do . the little thing be tremble . Fox - face too ... 20 second , 19 , 18 ... the whole world be that bow . katniss have to have it . then she see peeta , look right at she ... shaking he head as if to talk she out of run for it . concentration break , that fast . katniss lose she edge . nine second , 8 , eye darting , 6 , 5 , hand clench , 3 , 2 ... ... until bravura can not wait any longer . he step off he platform just as the clock hit one , and : ..- he explode , just like that . a landmine - send piece of he spraying in all direction . the countdown stop . no one breathes . or blink . we hear a cannon blast . then the clock resume - one , zero - before katniss can regroup . and a loud go go off . .-- and it have begin . the tributes burst from they platform , racing for the Cornucopia . it 's a dizzying , chaotic blur - child , run for weapon . we hear we first scream . katniss turn . a groan nearby - someone die . cannon blast # 2 . there 's a loaf of bread ten foot away , beside a fold up sheet of plastic and a orange backpack . katniss lunge forward , grab the bread , the plastic , and ... wait , there be suddenly four hand on the backpack : hers and that of the boy from 9 . they grapple for it . both confuse , disorient , desperate . his eye narrow , determine . 63. then a lose look cross they . and red spray plume from he mouth . he stagger forward , release he grip on the pack . «.. revealing a knife in he back - throw from 20 yard away - by clove , who have two more knife in hand . katniss freeze . then she wheel , sprinting away while throw the backpack over she shoulder . we hear a deadly whizzing sound ... this knife implant itself in the backpack . katniss keep run , do not look back , leave behind the horror of the Cornucopia . adolescent kill each other . and each time a body fall , another cannon blast can be hear . Three , four , five ... katniss keep run . we CUT to : ext . forest - moving - 20 minute later ( day ) katniss still run . she pull off the backpack and remove the knife , slide the knife into she belt ... ext . forest valley - moving - day the land slope down into a valley . katniss be jogging now , head on a swivel - look for danger ... or water . up ahead , she see a rabbit . she reach for she bow - out of habit . but she do not have one . take a tentative step . startle , the rabbit run away . katniss swallow hard . ext . tree - day katniss sit , parched and panting . open the backpack . the content : one thin black sleep bag , pack of cracker , pack of beef strip , bottle of iodine , box of wooden match , coil of wire , sunglass , a half - gallon water jug - empty . ext . another tree - day desperately thirsty , she cut into a tree with the knife , slice away the outer bark to get to a softer inner bark . not easy to chew , but it will have to do . ext . a third tree - day she rig a twitch - up snare at the base of a tree . in the distance , more cannon blast , several of they . ext . tree branch - night katniss , on a branch 50 foot up , bunk in : 64 . she loop she belt around a branch to secure she sleep bag . climb in the bag ... ext . cornucopia - night hour ago , there be a bloodbath here . now all be still . body lie on the ground , mere foot from the Cornucopia . then dust kick up , a furious gust of air ... as a hovercraft descend . tentacle - like arm extend from it , gather the body one by one , pull they up and in ... int . game CENTER - same seneca watch 13 screen at once - monitoring each tribute . templesmith ( v.o. , on tv ) night one end with eleven tributes dead , thirteen still in play . it 's always thrill to guess how it will unfold from here , now that the jitter of Day one have go and the tributes have a moment to strategize . they mentor begin to play a role now too , scramble to line up the sponsor whose gift might mean the difference between life and death . certainly be a good time to have rich benefactor ! by the way , for all you gambler out there , the first three death today be the Boy from 4 , and the Girls from 6 and 10 . a 200 - to - ~ 1 shot if you bet it as a exacta ! ext . tree branch - night ( resuming ) katniss be alone . night creature chitter around she . above she , image be project onto the sky . face ... of today 's casualty : bravura , and the Boy from 9 , and other . but no peeta . katniss sigh , relieved . the last face be replace by the capitol seal , as the sound of the national anthem begin to soar ... int . stairwell - location unknown - night lavinia , the avox , walk down a dank , dark stairwell - gale right behind she . then lavinia open a door , revealing : int . avox barracks - location unknown - continuing that fast , gale be breathless . aghast at what he 's see : 65 . a underground barracks . row after row of tin bunk , triple - stack ; swap the tin for wood and this would be auschwitz . filthy . scary . Home to 5,000 miserable inmate : avox - of every age . in every bunk . they spirit break , eye lifeless . gale turn , stunne and humble . gale this be where they ... keep you ? lavinia nod . gale 's floor . she lead he to a empty bunk . ext . arena - tree branch - pre-dawn katniss , belt onto that branch , be awaken - by the sound of snapping twig . her eye bounce open , instant vigilance . a girl tribute run by , fifty foot below - tired , hungry , scared . the girl find a nearby rock to hide behind . katniss stay still . super : " day two " . then , a distinct sound : two rock be rubbed together , sparking . and ... smoke , a thin wisp of it , rise up from behind that rock . katniss mutter , incredulous , to no one : katniss idiot . the smoke snake its way up . her eye close . we CUT to : ext . tree branch - one hour later ( dawn ) katniss be awaken again - this time by the heavy footfalls of several payr of boot , come right at she . trouble . she go rigid , frighten to see six tribute down there , run this way - hunt as a pack . not good . they flank the large rock that the fire-starter be behind ... and katniss hear the rest : a shocked scream . a plea for mercy . " please ! " ... then death . follow by a cannon blast . the pack-members emerge from behind the rock . katniss can see they arm , leg - then face - both tributes from 1 , both tributes from 2 , the girl from 4 . and they voice now : glimmer what 's he do back there ? clove he 's such a romantic - maybe he 's cut she heart out ! 66 . the other laugh ; then a third boy emerge from the kill . and katniss 's eye go wide . utterly shocked to see : peeta let 's go . ..- peeta . face swollen , a bloody bandage on he arm , fight in a pack with this monster . a horrible betrayal . katniss be freeze . I must be see thing . but she 's not . it 's peeta . the pack drift away , as : cato okay . now we find you girlfriend . peeta I try to tell you , she would not be dumb enough to start a fire . with that they be go . katniss be livid , reeling , as : int . district 12 - the seam - schoolroom - day prim sit at a rag desk in a threadbare schoolroom . her whole class watch the Games on a beautiful television . so prim be watch she sister , as : templesmith ( on tv ) pack-hunt be a sound strategy ; we see it every year . but it 's the first time I can recall a tribute from twelve be include in one . katniss seem pretty shocked by it too ! some boyfriend , that peeta ! ouch ! templesmith chuckle . prim just shut she eye , whisper : prim katniss ... ext . tree branch - resuming stillness . then the top of this tree begin to blow sideways - * katniss have to hang on , literally . a whoosh of AIR . ..-. it 's another hovercraft , descend . the arm extend from it , disappear behind that boulder . next thing katniss see be the body of Fire -starter girl , vanish into the craft . ext . forest - later day * a scorching SUN overhead - katniss panting as she walk . * 67 . she pull that sunglass from she backpack , try they on . they distort she vision entirely . she put they back again , drag herself to the site of the snare she would set up . Inside , a dead rabbit . she grab it , wearily . ext . FIRE - starter site - day she cook the rabbit over the still - hot coal of the fire leave behind by the dead girl . but no smoke rise from it because she 's rig a cloth over the fire , propped up by stick , to absorb the smoke . her lip have crack . she coat they with grease from the rabbit . swallow be a effort , like razor in she throat . ext . FIRE - starter site - later day she wrap up half the rabbit , put it in she pack . step out from the tree 's shade ... into that kill sun again ... ext . glade - two hour later ( day ) parched , weak , she snap a branch in two , turn it into a walk stick . up ahead be a patch of berry . at last . she kneel down , grab at they , just about to pop they into she mouth ... when she stop herself . she know this berry . katniss nightlock . she toss they away and keep go . ext . glen - hour later ( day ) katniss sag against a boulder - lip burn , eye shut , sun beat down on she . what come out be a barely audible plea : katniss Water , haymitch . please ... intercut with / int . game CENTER - haymitch' quarter - same haymitch , of course , be watch . effie eye he . haymitch Water she can find on she own ... he pour himself a cup of coffee , slug down a bitter gulp . 68 . @ ext . muddy patch - a hour later katniss stumble , weary . the ground start to spin . she keep move , lean on that stick . then she drop , collapse . silence . int . game CENTER - haymitch' quarter - same haymitch just see that , of course - katniss , in a heap ... int . arena - muddy patch - resuming katniss be flat on she back , delirious . we move in on her face - then down she shoulder , a arm , a hand , finger ... +.. when we notice that they be move in something . mud . that mean water . her eye SNAP OPEN . she roll on to she stomach and start to crawl , urgently , try to find the source wetting this ground . crawl in mud , like a animal . up ahead , a tangle of plant . she plow through it , to : ext . arena - pond - continuing @ and there it be , a pond . but she do not drink from it . instead she grab she water - jug , fill it . drop a iodine pill into it - and start count : katniss one , two , three , four , five , six ... still count . the patience be inhuman . int . game CENTER - same seneca , watch - along with 15 bored gamesmaker ... seneca how long since we last event ? betto eight hour ago , Sir . the girl from Seven , behind the rock . seneca then we be due . on my signal ... @ ext . arena - pond - five minute later katniss , wait before she can drink the water safely ... 69 . katniss two-hundred ninety -eight . two-hundred ninety-nine ... Three - hundre . now she can drink . she empty the jug into she mouth , almost cry from relief . one long delicious chug . she refill it , drop another iodine pellet in . start count again . one , two , three -- ... until a thunderous SOUND snap she head around . she turn : ... toward a horror -- terrified animal , burst out of the wood in a stampede , come this way ... because a wall of flame be behind they - mountainous , fast - move - a forest FIRE , barrel at we . katniss be spun around and nearly trample by the panic animal . she turn , flee , carry that jug like a football , she backpack bounce on she back . ext . wood - moving - continuing suddenly , everything around she be on fire , every tree ... she dodge a burn branch , jump over a burn log . but the tail of she jacket catch on fire . she dive to the ground head - first , roll over twice to smother the fire . then she 's off again , run alongside the animal , they panicked scream add to the terror . int . district 12 ~ schoolroom - resuming prim , watch . it 's unbearable . around she , silence . ext . wood - stone outcropping - moment later katniss get to the other side of a huge rock ~ nothing burn within fifty yard of she . she sag back , gasp . sear pain in she chest , but she 's unburn . she stuff the water - jug back into the backpack . +--until a strange thin hiss cut the air . she look up . '' -.as a fireball whizze within a inch of she head , imploding on the boulder behind she . this be not part of the forest fire . it be man ~ made , the size of a apple ... and it be aim right at she . 70 . she bolt up , sprinting away . hear another hiss . flatten herself to the ground as a second fireball surge over she , slamm into a tree , instantly immolate it . she get to she foot . running . gasp . smoke everywhere . a third hiss - this fireball so close it take six inch off she braid . but she keep run . no animal in sight now . Fire on all side of she . up ahead be the edge of a cliff -- we can not see what 's below it . a FOURTH hiss cut the air ... she run blindly , eye burn . the FOURTH fireball blaze across she leave calf , set it on fire . instant agony . Fire bear down on she , that precipice up ahead ... another hiss — another fireball come at she . she 's run , cry , @ying . and here come the cliff . it 's that or burn to death . she jump , blind , no idea what 's below -- that last fireball barely miss she . then she see what 's beneath she : a valley floor , 500 - foot down . death . she plummet , helpless . int . game CENTER - resuming seneca and he staff watch she tumble through the air ... seneca allow a grin , because he know what 's come : ext . arena - cliff - falling - resuming katniss , fall , hurtle into oblivion , eye shut ... .-- when suddenly , she land , in mid-air , bounce up as if she would hit a unseen trampoline . actually , she have . it 's another plasma field - stretch across this vast chasm . Christ . katniss bounce on it gently now - in utter shock . a steel ladder have be drill into the face of the cliff from which she just leapt . she eye it , awed . int . game CENTER - resuming seneca beam . the staff applaud . he shrug modestly . ext . forest - pool - later ( evening ) katniss be on solid ground again , lie on she belly , she hand plunge into a tiny pool . 71 . @ the flame paint on she nail be chipping off . good . she 's have enough of fire now . she sit up , cut the remain of she pant - leg away , brace herself ... and nearly faint : seared flesh stare back at she . her calf , bright red . she try to breathe , but can not . agony be come ; she know that : she grab the plastic sheet from she backpack , fold it into a palm-size square . put it in she mouth , bite down ... »-.- and plunge the leg into the pond . the pain be awful - she eye tear . but she leave the leg in there . she swallow a gulp from she jug . refill it again , drop another iodine pellet in . function ... she empty she backpack , start inventory all she belonging again . methodically . it 's comforting somehow . she look around , spot a tall pine . the sun 's set ... int . capitol - game CENTER - mission control - night a quiet night -shift . betto at he monitor . then something * suddenly amuse he . he look at he watch and call out : @ betto * whoa. 10:36 . you be a hour ahead of last year 's time , haymitch . good ! reveal haymitch - stand in the doorway , a object of scorn in here . another staffer , delano , grumble . delano damn it . delano toss betto a 2 - florin coin , ( pay off a wager . ) * betto chuckle . haymitch nod , use to it by now ... * haymitch my tribute need medicine , for she leg . I would like to see seneca -- betto * as always , he anticipate you request and rule on it before he go to bed . but you can feel great about stay sober long enough to advocate on she behalf . well do . laughter from the staffer cut right through we ... @ haymitch May I see he tomorrow then ? 72 . betto tomorrow you will be face - down drunk , just like every year . please do let we know the exact time you take that first drink , though , ' cause we have a actual office pool on that one . ( more derisive laughter ) see ya next year , haymitch . a public undress . and haymitch can not fire back . he turn and leave . laughter follow he out the door . ext . wood - pine - sunset katniss climb , wince each time she calf hit bark . agony . ext . wood - pine - branch # 1 - evening fifty foot up . she settles painfully atop she sleep bag . the Capitol seal fill the sky above . the anthem play . she close she eye , she hand clutching clove 's serrate knife . we drift down , to that burn leg ... ext . wood - pine - branch # 1 - later night katniss be half - asleep , she leg aching ... when she hear splashing below . her head snap around . she look down ... «..to see the career pack : cato , clove , Marvel , glimmer , a girl from 4 ... and peeta . all of they look up at she . cato well whaddaya know ? katniss tighten . glimmer draw back that bow . marvel do not bother . I get she . he start to climb the tree - pure menace , come at we . katniss be already fifty foot up , but there 's another branch 30 foot higher . she put the knife in she tooth , and climb , painfully , she calf searing . she endure it . Marvel , less nimble than katniss , crash back down to the ground , take a low branch with he - as katniss reach : ext . pine - branch # 2 - continuing she settles in , protect by height and foliage . but : 73. glimmer I will get she . glimmer , she blue eye blaze , fire a arrow - straight up . the arrow miss katniss narrowly , run out of steam , hit its apogee , and start to fall back to Earth . katniss grab it in mid-air , and wave it mockingly at the career . glimmer smolder . peeta let she stay up there . she 's not go anywhere . we will deal with she in the morning . cato shrug . the career drop they gear , settling in . katniss be stick now , 80 foot up . the career make camp ... int . capitol - CITY circle - bar - late night barflies watch the Games . at a table in the corner haymitch sip quietly . defeat . numbing himself ... until : gale ( 0.s. ) what a coward you be . haymitch look up , and get a shock : gale —- stand here . haymitch be so throw , he can not think up a reply . gale ( cont 'd ) she need medicine - before that leg get infect . haymitch it 's treason - sneaking into the Capitol . punishable by death . do not you know that ? gale nod . haymitch eye he with drunken awe . haymitch ( cont 'd ) and you risk it ? for she ? my , my . ( no reply ... ) two boy in love with she . I wish I would know . it would have play great during the interview . gale she could die . 74 . haymitch kid , she 's not likely to survive long enough for that burn to be the thing that kill she . gale , he eye now murderous , plant himself beside haymitch . gale you be suppose to be help she - send she what she need . haymitch if the gamesmaker approve it . if seneca approve it . gale then go to seneca . haymitch I just do . he say no . and ask again would be view as a act of dissent . gale react - awe and disgust . haymitch read he mind : haymitch ( cont 'd ) yes , I be a coward . and a drunk . I doubt you would do any better on you twenty - fourth Games . he gulp down the rest of he drink . signal for another . so it 's over . but gale will not let up : gale we father die together - in the mine . do you know that ? ( haymitch shrug ) it 's how I meet she , get we condolence medal from the Mayor 's Office . she be twelve - with a little sister and a mother who be fall apart . we start hunt together , to keep we family feed . I will tell you something about she and that wood , they be the only place I ever see she smile ; she have a talent for they . the other tributes do not know that yet , but they will . personally , I do not think they have a chance against she . she 's too good - if she have two leg to stand on . no reply . a waitress set another drink down . uh-oh ... 75 . gale ( cont 'd ) her whole life , she 's never have anybody to help she . now she 's get you - and that 's it - against all this . be you really gonna let she die in there from something you could have stop ? on haymitch 's face , eyeing that drink ... we CUT to : ext . pine - branch # 2 - resuming - night katniss rest against the tree trunk , she sear calf dangle off the branch . below , the career sleep . then , a flicker . she squint , tracking it . twenty foot away : a pair of eye - watch she . be it a animal ...? she grab for that arrow , as if it might somehow defend she , then look closer , in spotty moonlight ... until she realize : the pair of eye stare at she ... they belong to rue - who have be hide on a neighbor tree all along . 80 foot up . a silent moment , two girl , stare at one another ... when rue silently point a single finger , the universal gesture for " look up , over you head . " katniss look up ... and there it be , right above she , hang from a tall branch : a wasp ' nest . Big , round , the size of a beach - ball ... int . capitol - CITY circle - bar - resuming haymitch and gale just see that . templesmith ( on tv ) oh , dear . look like she 's pick the wrong branch to hide out on . that 's a tracker - ker nest above she . two or three sting can be fatal . gale fume ... as haymitch close he eye with dread . ext . pine - branch # 2 - resuming katniss look up at the nest , then to rue , then to the career sleep below ... and a idea hit she . she put that knife back in she tooth , and climb even higher . agonize , but she do it . rue watch ... 76 . ext . pine - branch # 3 - continuing she reach the sky-high branch support the nest , able now to hear the low , throaty buzz eminate from it . the branch be thin . she take the knife from she tooth and makes_a quiet cut on it . gingerly . silently . then another . now we get it ; she want to see this branch off . might take hour at this pace , but if she go any faster or make any noise she will awaken the nest ... and the career . so she continue - slowly , methodically - with rue watch from below . one patient cut after another . we CUT to : ext . pine - base - continuing peeta be awake , but he can not hear or see she from here . peeta just want you to know - when we get she ... she 's mine . reveal cato , also awake . he nod , happy to oblige ... ext . pine - branch # 3 - morning Dawn . super : " Day Three . " katniss have not sleep . the branch be nearly saw off . she look down to rue , " ready ? " rue nod . 95 foot down , the career sleep ... until : Movement : cato , beginning to awaken . katniss be out of time . so she start sawing . fast. desperate . the branch start to crack . the buz in the nest grow louder . cato look up : cato hey ! katniss saw , fast as she can . the knife slip from she sweaty hand . she grab at it , just barely catch it . ++.as the first tracker -jacker angrily pop from the nest . it 's big , with a golden -torso . Flying right at we . it land on katniss 's knee . a stabbing pain as it sting she . another fly at she - sting she in the neck . more pain . she block it out , keep saw - arm pump , get woozy . rue hop to a distant branch like a lemur . below , the other career be awaken - cato yell , " get up ! " katniss saw , desperate to get through the last sinew of the wood ... 77 . then it 's do . we hear a SNAP . cato run away , as the whole branch plummet toward the ground ... intercut with / ext . base of the tree - continuing the nest hit Earth and explode OPEN , tracker - jacker burst out , enraged . that fast , they be a deadly swarm , sting anything that move . peeta get to he foot . peeta to the lake ! to the lake ! the sound be awful - buzzing mix with scream . the career run blindly , chase by the swarm , each stung repeatedly as they flee . peeta too , leg pump ... but glimmer and the girl from 4 be catch in they sleep bag , quickly envelop in a cloud of wasp . overwhelm . the girl from 4 , half - insane now , run into a tree , stagger , disappear behind a rock . glimmer shriek , try to swat the wasp with that bow , take dozen of sting ; then she fall . her body begin to spasm , twitching madly . then , death . the tracker - jacker depart . and a odd silence return ... katniss be alone , ( rue nowhere in sight ) . she pull the stinger from she knee and neck , then descend the tree ... ext . base of the tree - moment later she reach the ground , bear she backpack . already , welt be grow from the sting . her calf still searing ... she approach the body of glimmer , warily . it 's barely human now - face distort out of proportion . and still breathe . the tip of that bow peek out from beneath she . katniss reach under the faintly - breathe body to extract the bow . glimmer 's eye flicker . katniss avoid they , grab the bow . then the ten arrow ... they be still clutch in glimmer 's fist . katniss try to pry the finger away . glimmer hold tight - fight , even now . her face a balloon , blood and GREEN ooze everywhere . katniss hear a cannon , see a hovercraft descend not far from here to get the girl from 4 . soon , the craft will be come for glimmer - so this have to be do : she grab a rock and smashes it down on glimmer 's hand . the finger release they grip . katniss grab the arrow . 78 . then , a shock : peeta racing toward we , through branch . he 's carry a spear , he body cover in welt . katniss try to stand . can barely do it . lift she bow , but : peeta why be you still here ?! huh ? katniss be at a loss . maybe hallucinate ... peeta ( cont 'd ) go! now ! they be right behind I ! sure enough , we hear the SOUND of the career , come this way . katniss study peeta - he come back here to save I ??? glimmer try to yell . peeta put that spear into she chest . peeta ( cont 'd ) ( at katniss ) run. urgency in he eye . katniss turn ... and run . ext . wood - moving - continuing katniss , run blindly , flee . she hear another cannon . up ahead be a pool . she get there , drop she backpack , dive a - still clutching that bow and arrow ... a moment later , bow draw , she surface - ready to fire . but no one 's come . the wood be still , until they start to move in a hallucinogenic way , sway . suddenly , ant appear out of thin air , float toward she . image , wobble : her father collapse in a coal mine . limb fall off katniss 's body in the town Square . prim collect they in a cart alongside berry she 's gather . then that ant bore into we eye , and katniss pass out . ext . wood - pool - night she awaken where she fall , beside the pool , surprised to find that she 's be cover by she sleep bag . she blink . a familiar face look down at she from a branch above . rue . she 's smile . katniss smile too . 79 . ext . tree - branch # 4 - night katniss and rue share a branch twenty foot up . rue pull some leave from a fanny - pack . start chew they . katniss how many be still alive ? rue answer , but she mouth be full of leave so it 's garble . katniss ( cont 'd ) huh ? rue spit out the leave , chew now into a paste ... rue ten. include we . let I see you neck . katniss turn . rue apply the wet paste to the tracker - jacker well on katniss 's neck . instant relief . rue ( cont 'd ) you be smart to pull the stinger out . if ya do not , you die . rue put the paste on katniss 's knee . more relief . katniss thank you . rue there be tracker - jacker nest all over my District , so we always take this leave with we when we work in the orchard . rue now notice the horrible burn on katniss 's leg . rue ( cont 'd ) oh . I do not have anything for that . katniss I will be okay . be you hungry ? rue nod . katniss reach in she bag , pull out the rabbit she would half - finish . hand it to rue - whose eye go wide . rue for I ? katniss nod . rue tentatively accept the rabbit ... take a bite . katniss watch she affectionately . 80 . rue ( cont 'd ) I never have a whole leg before . katniss I think people from eleven always have plenty to eat , since you grow everything there . rue oh , we be not allow to eat the crop . they be for the Capitol . if you be catch you get whipped . sometimes worse . that land . rue spot the sunglass in katniss 's backpack : rue ( cont 'd ) can I try ? katniss that ? they be useless . can not see anything through ‘em . rue they be for night . ( that throw katniss ) night-vision . we use them in the orchard after sundown . katniss pause , chagrin . then pull out the glass , slip they on . sure enough : night -vision . Green , but clear ... rue ( cont 'd ) the career have them too . they have all the stuff from the Cornucopia . in a camp by the lake . katniss how many of they ? rue cato , clove , Marvel - and the Boy from 3 , he guard the supplies . katniss what about the Boy from my District ? peeta ? be he with they ? rue shake she head . katniss nod , pleased . rue sag a bit . katniss ( cont 'd ) do not be afraid , rue . we can beat this guy . 81. @ rue 's how ? you can not run on that . she look to that sear calf . katniss tighten , irritate . katniss it 's fine . ( rue 's unconvince ) they do not know how to be hungry like we do . they do not know how to forage . rue they do not have to . they have everything . katniss we be gonna fix that tomorrow - and take all they stuff . after that , they be ours . rue and then what ? that one hover , unanswer . katniss be silent . @ int . game CENTER - seneca's quarter - night seneca be alone , look down from he spacious suite at the Games Center below . then , oddly : seneca hello , haymitch . be you lose ? reveal haymitch , on the other side of a glass door . seneca cross to the door - but do not open it , leave haymitch in the hall , a spotless elevator lobby behind he . haymitch let I help she , seneca . that leg be get worse . ( seneca 's silent ) people like she . she 's good theatre . seneca thanks for the insight . that fast , the elevator open , and two peacekeeper emerge . seneca ( cont 'd ) great to see you , as always . 82 . e haymitch she deserve better , damn it ! people be start to see that ! seneca go , before the Capitol get itself another avox . peacekeeper grab haymitch , yanking he into the elevator as : haymitch if you be gonna put on a circus , at least make it a good one ... that land . the door close . irritate , seneca move to a desk , hit a button - message the Games Center below . betto look up . no one else can hear they : * betto ( thru headset ) * Sir ? seneca ( into comm - unit ) where be we on the muttation ? betto * at last count , ten of they have be successfully modify , Sir . seneca I do not ask where we be on ten of they . I ask where we be on all of they . he pound a button , end the communication ... ext . tree - branch # 4 - resuming ( night ) katniss and rue share the sleep bag . stillness . rue I like you pin . katniss oh . my father love mockingjay . rue I too . sometimes I sing , and they spread it around the whole orchard . they carry message for I . ° she sing four lovely note , like a bird . katniss smile ... 83 . ++.until we hear a SOUND above they - flup ! - follow by ... a tiny silver parachute , descend from on high - bear a BOX . it land right on katniss 's lap . she look to rue . katniss could be for you . rue I do not think so . open it . katniss do . Inside , a jar - of burn balm ! katniss yelp : katniss thank you , haymitch ! int . game CENTER - haymitch' quarter - same haymitch almost allow himself a moment of pride ... ext . rue' clearing - morning super : " Day four . " katniss 's calf , remarkably , have almost fully heal overnight . she and rue pack carefully . rue the Boy from 3 will be stand guard . he 's not very big , but he 's always armed . ( katniss nod , unafraid ) what ' 1ll you do with the food ? katniss burn it . dump it in the lake . eat it ! ( rue giggle ) do not worry . I will think of something . destroy thing be a lot easier than make they . you remember where the fire go ? ( rue nod ) we will meet by we tree , where the nest be . take the sleep bag - in case I can not get back by night . rue okay . you know the whistle ? ( katniss nod ) if you hear the mockingjay sing it , it mean I be okay , only I can not get back yet . katniss I will see you at dinner . dress casual . 84. rue you be careful . katniss you too , little duck . a surprising hug . then they take off in opposite direction . ext . thicket - by the lake - day katniss emerge from behind brush - scout , listen for unseen threat , she bow taut and ready . there 's she target : four career , campe 100 yard from the Cornucopia ... cato , clove , Marvel - surly and cover in welt - and the boy from 3 . they supplies be stack in a pyramid : crate , plastic bin , a burlap sack , all cover by mesh netting . katniss take it in , eye darting ... then : cato look ! he 's point at something . the other turn ... smoke , rise in the distance . katniss grin , as : ext . glen - same rue fan flame in a fire , send smoke . then she run off . ext . career ' camp - resuming the career arm themselves quickly . cato in charge : cato everything rig ? boy from 3 we be rig . the Boy from 3 arm himself as well . then the four of they set out in pursuit of that smoke ... silence - a long beat - katniss wait to be absolutely certain they be out of range ... take a first step . then she stop , abruptly . just hear something : a rustling . ..- as another tribute emerge from nowhere , approach the pyramid . it 's foxface , the girl from 5 . katniss watch now : 85 . Fox face near the pyramid , do a odd little hop from one spot to the next as if avoid something . then she 's there . she swipe some cracker from a crate at the pyramid 's base , and apple from the burlap sack , stuff into she backpack . then she hop away like a sprite , just as daintily as before avoid certain spot ... as if they be mine ... then she 's go . katniss watch she vanish again , impressed then study the pyramid -- that burlap sack , hang by a rope . it have apple inside . she approach quietly . fifty yard away now , she position slightly expose . she grab three arrow . then , with blind speed ... Three strike , in mere second . the first rip a hole in the burlap sack . the second widen it . the third sever the rope by which the bag be hang . now , apple _ spill out ... and when they hit the ground ... boom ! landmine - exploding . the blast blow katniss backward , disintegrating the pyramid of supplies . she 's mid-air , as : more explosion rock the forest . boom ! boom ! boom ! dizzy , thunderous . a shower of debris . katniss land hard on she back . the air split around she . but suddenly , she can not hear it . blood pour from she leave ear , sound wobble disorientingly . she try to get to she foot , but she balance be off . she stagger . more explosion . Shell - shock , feed panic . she know she have to run , but ... a flash , in the corner of she eye . she turn ... the career be come back ! she drag herself away , hide ... ... as the career return to see the damage . cato 's rage be instant : he grab the Boy from 3 , snap he neck ... Dead , just like that . the boy slump to the Earth . a cannon go off in the distance , but katniss can hardly hear it . the career be argue , try to calm cato down ... then they set off in different direction , heavily armed , livid . katniss can not move . the world be wobble . but she rise ... ext . forest - minute later ( day ) katniss stumble - batter , bleed , nearly deaf ... 86 . ext . wood - rue' clearing - day katniss tap the side of she head to make she ear function : no luck . she pour some water over it , wash blood away - a whooshing sound that distort thing even further . then , overhead , two mockingjays land on a branch , eyeing she strangely . they emit a song - a few note - with a urgency to it . a warning maybe . but katniss can not hear it . then : she spot SMALL footprint in the ground - rue 's - just as a SOUND pierce she deafness , horribly : a scream . from a child . rue. God no . katniss call out : katniss rue ? no reply . she start run , while draw she bow ... katniss ( cont 'd ) rue ? can you hear I ? rue ( 0.s. ) katniss ! katniss I be come , rue ! hang on ! Racing , through the leave of a low - hang branch , to see : rue , on the ground , entangle in a net . and Marvel , five foot away , spear in hand , about to let it fly . he do so - just as katniss fire a arrow at he . the two weapon pass one another in mid-air ... Marvel be hit , in the throat . he drop instantly . but katniss can not celebrate ... «»- because rue 's body be now curl around the spear . no ... katniss ( cont 'd ) oh no ... oh no ... rue ... ( head on a swivel ) be there more ? be there more ? rue shake she head . katniss push Marvel 's body aside , kneel down , take rue 's hand . a cannon blast . 87 . rue do you blow up they food ? katniss every bit of it . just stay still . the spear be bury in rue 's belly . she can barely breathe . katniss cut the netting away . rue you be gonna win . you have to . katniss stay still . rue tighten , she hand spasming . katniss hold on tighter . rue do not go , okay ? until ... katniss I be right here . katniss move in closer , try not to look at the blood ... but rue 's go to die . they both know it . they eye meet . rue will you sing to I ? katniss sure . what do you -- rue shrug ; it do not matter . katniss nod , open she mouth . but no sound come out . her throat 's too tight with tear . she gather herself - just have to . then she begin : katniss ( cont 'd ) deep in the meadow / under a willow / a bed of grass / a soft green pillow / Lay down you head / Close you sleepy eye / when they open again / the Sun will rise ... rue let she eye close . katniss keep sing : katniss ( cont 'd ) here it 's safe / here it 's warm / daisy guard you from every harm / dream be sweet / they all come true / here be the place where I - - 88 . -.-. when she 's interrupt , by a cannon blast . God , no ... she look down . rue be dead . katniss just stare ... katniss ( cont 'd ) -.- love you . silence . then that mockingjays trill sadly . katniss press she lip to rue 's temple , release rue 's tiny hand . then she look up , want that unseen camera above to see she rage . it 's hard to miss . she rise ... ext . wood - moment later katniss march along , bereft but resolve , search for something ... then she see it : a bank of wildflower . ext . rue' clearing - moment later katniss decorate rue 's body with flower , one stem at a time . cover rue 's wound , wreathing she head , weaving petal through rue 's hair . a sad , loving farewell . +.. until all we can see of rue be she tiny face . then katniss tenderly affix that mockingjay pin on to rue 's clothes . ext . district 12 - town square - dusk people from katniss 's District watch , weep , as : katniss stand , almost at attention - and give rue that silent salute we have see twice now : three finger to the lip . while a mockingjay softly trill rue 's melody ... katniss ( on tv ) ' bye , rue. ( through tear ... ) you be safe now . good and safe ... then the people in this Square , unseen by katniss , return the gesture . finger to lip , the silent salute , as : ext . district 11 - town square - dusk rue 's home-town . rural . thousand of farmer watch , bereft . they too return the silent salute to katniss . but a few cluster of people be smolder . teens . we can feel they drift away from the town Square ... * 89 . ext . rue' clearing - later day katniss quietly collect the item from rue 's backpack : * sleep bag , water skin , extra sock , slingshot , some food . and , from Marvel 's backpack : knife , spearhead , flashlight , leather pouch , mo - kit , full water bottle , dry fruit . ext . arena — creek - dusk katniss wander , she guard down , too sad to be afraid . then she stumble onto something that make she feel even worse : rue 's_ signal fire , still smoking . katniss sag , lose . she hear two grooslings on a branch above ... ext . arena - creek ~ minute later ( early evening ) the groosling cook . smoke waft up . katniss do not care . then another silver parachute drift down , landing at she foot . she open the box ... to find a loaf of bread inside . «»ewith a note : " from the people of District 11 . " katniss can barely react at first . too touch . she breathes out a sad smile , then look up to the sky : katniss my thanks to the people of District eleven . she leave this clear behind - as we return to : ext . district 11 - town square - resuming ( night ) the people of rue 's District watch in silence ... until : * crash ! the window of a government build just get shattered * by a throw trash can . every head turn . * crash ! crash ! two more window shatter on the other side of * the Square . Three spontaneous act of dissent , right on top * of one another . Three different group . then a fourth . crash ! * peacekeeper start after they now . but the thousand of * farmer gather here suddenly fan out , " accidentally " * get in the way of the peacekeeper . * so the window - shatterer can disperse and scatter , protect , * as the Square expands with humanity . it 's a first blow ... * 90 . int . game CENTER - same seneca , monitoring the incident live , turn to betto . seneca assemble the gamesmaker . my office in five minute ... ext . tree - branch # 4 - night she 's in she sleep bag on a branch , alone . up in the sky , the face of the District 3 Boy , and Marvel ... and rue . then the ever-present Capitol seal ... and the anthem . we stay with katniss as it play . rage harden she face ... until : templesmith ( 0.s. , overhead ) attention all tributes ! templesmith . his voice booming out of thin air . katniss go still . even the river hush ... templesmith ( 0.s. , cont 'd ) the gamesmaker have institute a rule change . from this point forward , if two tributes from the same District be the last to survive , both will be declare victor of the Hunger Games ! good luck ! and may the odd be ever in you favor ! and just like that , the voice be go . katniss blurt out , without even meaning to : katniss peeta ! int . capitol - avox barracks - same ( night ) gale lie on a bunk - in the musty , stale air of the avox barracks - 5,000 silence soul around he . a everpresent tv just show he katniss , say that name : peeta ... gale swallow a reaction ... as tiny feet rumble past : a ten year -old boy , chase a girl through this barrack . the boy have fashioned a fake bow -and -arrow from a stick and two knotted shoelace , pretend to shoot at he quarry . gale watch , touch . sadden too . then a huge noise , as : the barrack door burst open . five peacekeeper , shouting : 91 . peacekeeper head count ! everybody up and in line ! the avox leap from they bunk , alarmed . gale freeze ... lead peacekeeper move ! move ! everybody up ! lavinia look to gale , " it 's okay . " but she 's scared too , * clearly . the avox scramble into line before they bunk , stand at attention . gale follow they example . +.. as that lead peacekeeper look down a long row of they . lead peacekeeper ( cont 'd ) we have have a report of a unauthorize inmate in this barrack . anyone find harbor he will be punish ! gale 's eye just go wide . lavinia 's too . oh no ... * lead peacekeeper ( cont 'd ) sergeant ! peacekeeper sergeant Sir ! lead peacekeeper open every mouth in here until you find one with a tongue in it . * that cue the peacekeeper to start down each row , swinging taser stick at every single avox . each mouth shoot open , to * be check . it 's brutal , dehumanize . but effective . * and gale know what will happen when the peacekeeper reach * he . lavinia know too . now what ? gale tighten , await the * inevitable test that be rapidly come right at he ... then , a hand on he arm . he look down . it 's the ten Year - Old Boy with the bow , gesture , " follow I . " gale follow . hurrying - through row of bunk , hide by all the commotion , with the peacekeeper not far behind , until : the Boy point to the floor beneath a random bunk . huh ? the Boy point again ... until gale look beneath the bunk : there 's a grate in the floor . oh . gale kneel down , lift the grate . a hole beneath it . he climb in , replace the grate . -.. just as peacekeeper rumble past this bunk . 92 . int . sewer duct - continuing gale 's now in a sewer duct . no idea where it lead . but he start crawl through it , hurry away from here ... ext . wood - morning Morning . " Day five . " katniss have light a big FIRE . lot of smoke . she leave it behind , set out in search of peeta . ext . wood - stream - later day she walk through a stream - crouch , like a hunter . ext . stream - second location - day scout , eat she bread ... when she spot a canteen . empty . she keep go . then stop . at she foot , a barely visible footprint ... ext . stream - third location - day she kneel down , let some sand sift through she finger . the sand fall into another footprint . she get on she belly , blow the sand away , revealing a cleaner look at the print . it 's point North . she follow ... move quietly , until she see a red smudge on a boulder : blood . she stop , draw she knife , eye darting ... but she do not see anything . so she start move again - through leave - cautiously , delicately - try not to make a sound , wishing she hearing be work better ... ..- when a voice poke through , completely disembody . voice ( 0.8 . ) I be not dead . katniss freeze . the voice seem like it come from below she foot . yet there 's nothing but leave down there ... wrong . the leave be move . and they have a face . peeta 's . peeta ( " voice " , cont 'd ) just bury . he lie on this forest floor - camouflage beneath mud , leave , and twig . we just catch a blink of he eye ... 93. katniss peeta ! what be you do down there ? peeta well , morning I spend recover from the tracker - jacker you drop on my head . afternoon and evening I spend mostly bleed to death . she kneel down , lift he head out of the mud , pull a water - skin from she bag , put it to he lip . peeta ( cont 'd ) this mean you hear the announcement ? ( katniss nod absently ) I guess we be on the same team now . katniss could that be real ? could we really make it out of here ? peeta I will believe it if you do . he sit up , wince in pain . katniss be you hurt ? no reply . then she see it , something uneven about the contour of he mud-cake leg . he shrug , will not explain . so she brushes away some of the gunk camouflage he - until it 's right there , gape at we : a gash , in he leg . Hidden by mud but deep . very . damn it . peeta cato . when he find out I be try to help you . katniss I can fix it , peeta . peeta oh , you have get a hospital handy ? katniss my mom be a healer once , remember ? we see all kind of injury from guy in the mine - just need to get you clean up so I can see how deep it go . can you walk ? 94 . ce she grab he hand and yank he to he foot . literally . he stagger , utterly unable to bear he own weight . she catch he , they face suddenly a inch apart ... peeta and remember , we be madly in love . so any time you want to kiss I , feel free . katniss thanks . have you eat ? peeta no . one soldier carry another off the battlefield , to : ext . wood - river / riverbank -— continuing katniss get he to the riverbank , prop he up against a rock , spread she plastic sheet on the ground beneath he . peeta > this be not smart . you should not be '' out in the open like this . she fill she water - jug in the river , return to he side , start search for he jacket - zipper . dried mud hide it . peeta ( cont 'd ) frost . the last defense of the die . katniss nobody 's die . she unzip he jacket . pull it off he . then he shirt - revealing two burn , and four tracker - jacker welt . katniss ( cont 'd ) you have underwear on , right ? peeta yeah . katniss good . she undoe he belt . awkward , for both of they - but oddly @ stimulate . unbutton he pant , pull they down . 95 . katniss ( cont 'd ) sit . he sit on the plastic sheet . she slide he pants off , wash they in the river - delay the inevitable . leave they to dry on a rock . then return . his leg wound be still cover in mud . she take the water - jug , stand over he , hand he a thin stick . peeta how about that kiss ? katniss it help to bite down on something . he put the stick in he mouth . she nod , then empty the jug onto he wound . he seize with pain ... +.- because the gash in he leg go down to the bone . we see pus , lot of it . katniss recoil , then feign calm : katniss ( cont 'd ) rue give I some leave that draw out infection . we just have to get you somewhere dry for a couple day . ( peeta doubt it ... ) and you have to eat something . peeta I try . it just come back up again . katniss there be some dry pear in my bag . we will try that . up . she pull he to he foot ... int . game CENTER - haymitch' quarter - same a sober haymitch watch . on he tv , he see people in the capitol street , cheer for katniss and peeta . haymitch good. good ! more coffee , effie ? effie please . effie 's beside he . he pour she a cup ... 96 . ext . wood - minute later ( day ) katniss labor to bear peeta 's weight as they inch they way through the wood . he 's try to stomach some pear slice . peeta ( kid ) can not you go any faster ? katniss shut up and eat you pear . he enjoy that . but every step be sheer agony on that leg . katniss ( cont 'd ) there 's a cave a little farther up the river ... int . cave - late day a big cave , its mouth conceal . katniss cover the floor with pine needle , then lay out she sleep bag . peeta look through she backpack , assess supplies . katniss you need rest ... she lower he down - which put she face mere inch from he open wound . she cringe without meaning to . peeta sorry . I know it 's -- katniss it 's fine . I be just , not a big fan of pus . peeta ya know , for such a lethal person you be kind of squeamish . katniss you fever 's still up . and we have to get some more food in you . peeta I be not hungry . katniss it be not a request . ..- which be when she notice the tiny camera , mount up high in a back corner of the cave . peeta notice it too . 97 . e ... so it 's hard to tell if this be performance , or sincerity : * peeta ( cont 'd ) katniss , thanks for find I . katniss twelves have to stick together , right ? she start to rise . he grab she hand - dead serious : peeta listen , if I do not make it -- katniss sssshhh . peeta but if I do not ... before he can finish , she drop down and kiss he . her first kiss - shocking the hell out of both of they - but it 's just for the camera ; we be pretty sure . then it end . @ katniss you be not go to die . I forbid it . okay ? peeta okay . a brutal shiver shake he body - that fever just rack he ; it literally slam he mouth shut . katniss get some sleep . peeta what about you ? katniss I will . in a bit . int . game CENTER - haymitch' quarter - same haymitch be up , and out the door , leave effie behind . haymitch finally ! something I can use ! @ effie giggle , excited . haymitch head off . 98 . int . cave - later ( evening ) another silver parachute lie on the cave floor , have just deliver a pot of broth . peeta eat from it , while katniss conceal the mouth of this cave with vine and branch . peeta study she - look very much like a kid with a crush . she tear down the vine , dissatisfied . katniss horrible . peeta look okay to I . katniss might have fool a deer or something - but not cato . she start to rebuild it again ... int . cave - later ( night ) the cave-mouth have be conceal now . katniss eye peeta , asleep in the sleep bag - then climb in beside he . it 's odd , be this close to he . feeling he . she put a hand to he forehead - it 's burn hot . his eye open . and here we be , inch apart . he stroke a stray hair from she forehead . it seem genuine , comforting . she want it to go on , which surprise she . he smile , nothing say . she let she eye close ... ext . district twelve - town square - same the people of the seam watch , rapt ... but : ext . capitol - alley - same ( night ) feet , racing in panicked flight ... it 's gale , run . up ahead be a railyard . a block behind he be a peacekeeper transport , bear a searchlight . gale bound a fence , fall into the railyard , as : ext . railyard - continuing a unidentified hand pass money to a railyard worker ... who throw open the door of a railcar . 99 . ++-as gale race across the railyard , jump into that open car . the railyard Worker shut the door , run away ... mere second before the peacekeeper searchlight land on : haymitch , a empty bottle in hand , pretend to be on a drunken stroll . ( he just pay off the flee railyard guy ) . behind he be another screen beam the Games . so even now , haymitch be able to watch katniss sleep ... as : haymitch ( " slur speech " ) evenin ' , officer ! two peacekeeper lean out of the transport , annoyed . annoyed peacekeeper # 1 man , be you ever sober ? they drive away . haymitch pat the door of the car , twice . intercut with / int . railcar - same gale , as grateful as he be relieved , return the signal . the train start to pull away . haymitch watch it go as he drift out of the railyard ... int . cave - noon " Day six . " katniss awaken ~ to find peeta sit against a cave wall , hold she bow and arrow . on guard . peeta it 's nice , see you sleep . you do not scowl as much . katniss how long be I out ? peeta I do not know . it 's noon . he look even sicker this morning . feverish , shaky . damn it . she sit up - eyeing he leg . and she stomach drop . his wound 's get worse . much worse . red streak spider across the skin . blood poison . no doubt in she mind . peeta ( cont 'd ) no good , huh ? 100 . katniss you will be fine . peeta I know what blood poisoning be , katniss . that stop she . she study he leg , then tell a lie : katniss we just have to outlast the other , that 's all . the doctor in the Capitol will fix you up after we win . she 's about to rise , but she stop herself - follow some impulse she can not identify ... and kiss he forehead . gently , affectionately . it surprise they both . then it end . katniss ( cont ’d ) sleep . I will go get we some lunch . int . cave - later day peeta awaken , to find a spread before he : root , berry . and katniss stand guard at the mouth of the cave . peeta how do you do that ? how would you set all that up without I hearing you ? katniss I be light - foote . she just feel a twinge of guilt . shake it off . peeta sleep help . my leg feel better . definitely on the mend . a lie . she know that . the leg look even worse . he shrug . katniss you want I to stop worry about you . I will not . peeta I want you to save yourself . katniss can not do that , peeta . I owe you . * peeta no you do not . katniss yeah I do . the first gift be always the toughest to repay . ya know ? that touch he . she take he hand , as : templesmith again . overhead . the Voice of God : templesmith ( 0.s. , overhead ) attention all tributes ! ( katniss wait ... ) you have all be invite to a feast ! come to the Cornucopia at sundown ; wait there will be item each of you need desperately , in backpack with you District number on they . good luck , and may the odd be ever in you favor . end of transmission . katniss and peeta eye one another . peeta a feast . of course . whenever there 's be a day or two without any death . katniss there will be medicine there . peeta do not matter . you be not risk you life for I . katniss who say I be ? peeta I know you want to . katniss right . I be gonna run into the middle of some free- for- all against cato and clove and thresh . give I some credit , okay ? peeta you be such a bad liar , katniss . I do not know how you survive this long . anger flush she face . she look right through he . 101 . 102 . katniss you can not stop I , peeta . peeta no . but I can crawl out of this cave and call you name at the top of my lung until they trip over each other on they way to kill I . and I will . ( a beat ) I want you to survive all this , katniss . katniss we can both survive . he say it . I be not gonna sit here and watch you di -- she stop just short of say it . die . he eye she . she tighten , frustrated ... and march out of the cave . ++.just as another silver parachute , bear a BOX , gently waft down from the sky , landing at she foot . her eye light up ; there must be medicine in there ! hope ! ext . arena - outside the cave - continuing she open the box ... there be indeed a vial inside . Blue liquid . but she twist it open , sniff it ... and grimace , furious , eyeing the unseen camera above : katniss dammit , haymitch ! int . game CENTER - haymitch' quarter - same haymitch sigh heavily . effie be beside he . effie ignore it , haymitch . she 's lucky to have you . haymitch no she 's not ... effie pat he hand . haymitch appreciate it . int . cave - later day the vial be empty now . katniss pocket it . .-. then start feed peeta with a spoon - strawberry , mashed into a paste . he 's too delirious with fever to notice . 103 . peeta it 's good . what be it ? katniss strawberry . the Mayor 's favorite . peeta oh . they taste sweeter than -- just then ... a flash of recognition . and a semi-guilty look in she eye . peeta pause , catch on ... livid : he try to spit out the paste . katniss cover he mouth . and she wait ... until he eye start to hang droopily . then he 's out . she lay he down gently , even mumble " sorry " without meaning to . then she cover he ... and : ext . forest plain - nightfall katniss peek out from behind a tree . nine arrow in she quiver . night -vision goggle on . through they we see her Pov : the cornucopia , fifty yard away . nothing move ... +.- euntil she hear two metallic click . then a patch of round open up in front of e Cornucopia - something emerge from below on a platform ... a table . four item on it : two large backpack mark " 2 " and " 11 " . a smaller backpack mark " 5 " . and a pouch mark " 12 . " there 's medicine in there . katniss know it ... but she can not be the first to risk burst from the wood to run for it . she look around . where be the other tributes ? then , a starter' pistol fire . and before katniss can blink , foxface emerge from inside the Cornucopia itself , swipe the " # 5 " bag , and vanish into the wood again . in mere second . katniss shake she head , impressed . stillness return . no movement in the tree . she steel herself . katniss okay , peeta . here we go ... and she bolt , head up . see through the GREEN glow of she glass , it 's a scary trek - racing for : ext . wood - at the cornucopia - moving - night running . table 's ten yard away —- when a awful pfffft sound slice the air . katniss turn , get a green - glow glimpse of : 104 , a knife , hurl by clove . katniss get a hand up , deflect the knife with she bow , turn , fire a arrow . it hit clove in the arm - as katniss get to the table . she slip that tiny # 12- pouch on to she wrist . turn ... this knife come too quickly to evade - whizzing through the air , gash she forehead . katniss stagger , drop to a knee . clove be run right at_us now - arm bleed , eye lethal . a knife in each hand . katniss try to draw back a arrow , but there 's no time . she 's a goner . clove , barrel in -- then , shockingly , clove be knock sideways , on to she back . «.- by a rock the size of a volleyball , hurl from the darkness . clove quiver on the ground - disorient , bloody . katniss be almost as confuse as clove be . who throw that ? then thresh emerge ... to re-claim the rock he just throw . he stand over clove , lift it into the air , and bring it down_on clove 's skull . katniss watch , awed . cannon blast . now thresh come at katniss , stand over she . he seem huge from down here , he eye dull . and she 's daze , helpless ... katniss do it fast . okay , thresh ? ..- which be when thresh shock katniss - and we - by calmly place something into she palm : the mockingjay pin she would bury with rue . katniss gasp . thresh this make we even . understand ? she nod , speechless . thresh grab the # 11 - backpack , turn . .-- and get a dagger right in the chest . +-.from cato , who be suddenly just a foot away . the look on thresh 's face be pure shock . cato dig in deeper . and here 's katniss , a witness to it all . thresh wheeze : thresh ( cont 'd ) go. ( katniss stagger ) go! 105 . katniss rise , run , horrify - do not look back . ... as thresh gamely pull cato to the ground , try to get he hand around cato 's neck . it 's a struggle between two athlete in the prime of they youth . but thresh be bleed out , and he know it . cato plunge the dagger in deeper , the life drain from thresh 's eye ... ext . forest - beyond the cornucopia - continuing katniss run for she life - cry , forehead bleed badly . another cannon blast . dear God . she just keep run ... int . cave - night katniss stagger in . peeta 's in a fever dream , mumble . she get to he side , and open the kit she just ble for . Inside : a hypodermic needle , syringe , gauze ... she stick the needle into he arm , push hard on the plunger , then sag down to the cave - floor , unconscious . int . cave - morning " Day Seven . " she awaken - to a new world : rain , thunder . her forehead bandage . and peeta , healthy again - by she side . .-- but he eye be red . as if he would be cry recently . katniss blink , study he in profile . ( he do not know she 's awake . ) she can see that he leg look healthier now , and bandage . so why 's he so upset ? katniss peeta ? be you ...? he button it up quickly . turn , face she . peeta you can not do that , katniss . you can not do that to I . katniss you leg look better . be it okay ? peeta I do not give a damn about my leg ! you could have die out there ! ( she 's at a loss ) do you understand ? I would never let you die for I ! why do you do that ? 106 . eo katniss for I . that just blurt out - and it surprised he . her too . peeta what ? katniss I do it for I . just do not want to be without you . again , she 's realize it just as she 's say it ... peeta you do not ? ( she shake she head ) why ? katniss I do not know ! ' Cause you be peeta mellark , the Boy with the bread . ( fumble ... ) you be the Boy with the bread . and -- e then she 's silence ... by a whopper of a kiss . a real one . it 's soft , but urgent . and it land , wobble both of they . when it end , he pull she close - whisper , so no one else in the world can hear : peeta I do not do that because they be watch . I do it because I want to . another kiss . then he study she . so do we ... something just shift . we can see it in she eye . peeta ( cont 'd ) since I be five . you always know that , right ? katniss I guess maybe I do wonder now and then how all that loaf keep get burn by accident . peeta e ssshh . my mother 's probably watch . katniss breathes out a smile , touch he face . 107 . peeta ( cont 'd ) I have draw you a million time . katniss I know . I have see -- she stop short . he 's not sure why . then , suddenly , the rain stop - as if a faucet have be turn off . the sky clear in a instant , the forest floor fill with sunshine . it feel jarring , ominous . and katniss know what it mean - hence she dread . katniss ( cont 'd ) oh no ... ( a beat ) he 's gonna drive we back to the lake now . once it get down to the final four , he always do something to get everyone together . can you walk ? peeta kinda . be that where we be go ? katniss not until we be stronger . not until we have eat . he nod . they rise , both wounded , help each other ... ext . forest - morning " Day eight . " they stand in what be a creek yesterday . drained now , bone dry , despite the recent rain . amazing . ext . glade - morning katniss , bow in hand , walk a gentle incline of forest floor . peeta 's hobbling , but try to keep up . trouble be , he 's make noise . twig SNAP beneath he foot with each step . she 's try to ignore it ... but she can not : katniss you have get to move more quietly . peeta sorry . be I scare the game away ? katniss and tell cato where we be , yeah . 108 . '' he try to walk lighter . no good . katniss tighten , irk . katniss ( cont 'd ) can you take you boot off ? peeta here ? she nod . he take another step . more crackle . damn . katniss be you try to get we kill ? peeta maybe we should split up for a while . ( she stop , turn ) you hunt . I will stay here and find we some green or something . maybe set the table . Truth be , she love that idea . but do not want to offend . katniss it 's only because you leg 's hurt . peeta give I a signal , so we can contact each other . katniss do a two - note whistle . katniss ' kay ? ( he nod ) stay in the neighborhood - in case I get into trouble . he take that pretty well . she hurry into the forest ... ext . glen - later morning she 's look for prey , bow at the ready . ..-. but there 's nothing out here . no game at all . the forest be completely still . hmmm ... she give the whistle -signal . peeta 's reply echoe back . she plunge on ... ext . rock —- later morning be ) hunting , quietly . but once again , there 's nothing out here . no animal . no movement at all ... 109 . katniss damn it , seneca ... she whistle for peeta , check in . this time , nothing come back . she whistle again . again , nothing . she try a third time . no reply . something 's wrong . she start to run ... ext . glade - moment later katniss arrive ... to find she plastic sheet splay out like a tablecloth . a pile of root on it . and some berry . oh no . katniss ( instant panic ) peeta ? peeta ?! there 's 's a rustling in the leave behind she . she reflexively grab she bow , turn , about to fire , when ... peeta emerge from behind a bush . katniss jerk she bow up at the last second , the fire arrow narrowly miss he head . he jump back , fling a handful of berry into the air . peeta what the hell !? katniss I whistle ! you do not whistle back ! peeta I be gather lunch ! katniss if two people agree on a signal , they stay in range . because if one of they do not answer , it mean they be in trouble , all right ? peeta okay ! sorry ! put that thing ina holster ! I be just try to help . katniss ( be : berry ) by pick this ? peeta it 's all I could find . what 's -- 110 . katniss they be poison , dummy . oh . peeta tighten , humble . Forest silence around they . katniss ( cont 'd ) nightlock . instantly fatal . where would you find they ? peeta behind a tree , up -river . she nod . he examine the berry on the plastic ... throw . peeta ( cont 'd ) wait . do you take any of they ? katniss no . why ? peeta ' Cause ... I pick a lot more than -- just then , a cannon blast shake the sky . and a hovercraft descend - fifty yard from here , its arm quickly gather a dead body from behind a tree ... Fox face - she finger dark blue from the juice of that deadly berry . the hovercraft ascend ... peeta I will throw they away . katniss do not . cato will be come for we now . * that catch peeta . she put they in the pouch on she belt . int . game CENTER - same seneca , the gamesmaker , the staff ... watch , as : templesmith ( on tv ) Three leave now : katniss and peeta play a wait game , and cato * lurking . with so little food leave in the Arena , who will weaken first ? * seneca prepare the platform , betto . * ( just decide : ) * and sound the cannon again . ill . e what ? betto pause , think he must have hear wrong . * betto * sir? seneca the cannon . sound it . betto * but ... nobody else die . seneca do we want they back at the lake or do not we ? ( no reply from betto ) * sound the cannon ! and cut the audio feed on four and eight . betto be silent . they all be . * seneca ( cont 'd ) have you no sense of drama at all ? we * be climaxing . ( again , no reply ... ) * this Games end now . @ ext . forest - dry creekbed — same katniss and peeta , move slowly . the forest be still . peeta we be gonna win , katniss . katniss if you say so . peeta ( half -kidd ) we have to . the whole world want to see we together ! katniss oh , you parent would probably love that . you and a girl from the seam . peeta but if we win , you would not be a girl from the seam . you would be a girl from Victor 's Village - with all you need meet for the rest of you life . @ katniss and haymitch for my only neighbor . peeta what about I ? 112 . a laugh , then boom ! a cannon - blast bounce off the tree . they freeze in they track . do we just imagine that ? but : ext . wood - hillside - same a mile away , cato freeze as well . just hear the same thing . and he see a hovercraft descend in the distance ... ext . forest - dry creekbed - resuming katniss and peeta see the hovercraft too - also in the distance . it 's almost too much to believe . katniss do that mean cato -- she can not finish the sentence ... peeta last night , do you see thresh die ? katniss I just see the start of it . then -- peeta thresh must have wounded he . katniss but ... peeta it 's over . cato 's dead . we win . impossible . neither can believe it . both silent . katniss we win ...? peeta nod - and they both start running toward the ext . wood - hillside - same cato start run too . match CUT to : int . game CENTER - corridor - same footstep . haymitch 's . also run - right at : lake ... 113 . int . game CENTER - mission control - same * haymitch burst in . seneca turn . they all do . betto cockily insert himself in haymitch 's path , until : * a forearm shiver and a sweep kick , lightning fast ... and * haymitch , reclaim some long - lose skill , have put betto on * the floor . silence . seneca smile , amused and impressed . * haymitch you son of a bitch . seneca you be lose , be not you . ( at two peacekeeper ) show he to the nearest bar . haymitch lunge at he . the peacekeeper step in , as : ext . arena - nearing the lake - moment later katniss and peeta , giddy as Hell , rumble through tall grass . we do it ! and there it be , the lake . ext . at the lake - continuing then that fast , they come to a halt , confuse . no one 's here . there 's the Cornucopia . there 's the blow - up pyramid . but where 's the celebration ? katniss just stare , throw . katniss peeta ? something 's off . Way off . he 's silent . katniss ( cont 'd ) where 's claudius templesmith ? and the trumpets ? where be the camera and all the gamesmaker ? peeta I do not know . a tentative step . the stillness feel deadly . like a trap ... then , suddenly , some mockingjays start shrieking . katniss whip around to locate they . the shriek repeat : a high - pitch , frighten warning , aim right at she . and she know what it mean . oh , no ... 114 . katniss he 's not dead , peeta . he 's not dead ! the shriek build - deafen . then a horrifying blur : +..as cato burst out of the tree . running right at we . sheer terror in he eye , as if something be chase he , something impossibly lethal . katniss turn ... and there they be -- racing at top speed -- a pack of they : the wild dog . '' muttation . " murderous and huge . cato blow right by we , unslow by the kevlar body armor he 's wear . katniss turn , run for she life . peeta too - hobbling . both of they follow cato as he get to : ext . cornucopia - continuing it 's brass , with a sheer face ten foot tall . there be seam on it to give cato some purchase as he climb . katniss follow at full speed , leaping up , grab a seam , climb the wall - desperately . adrenaline rocketing ... she get there ... onto its flat surface - and she and cato square off instantly - cato draw a sword , katniss she bow . but , incredibly , the lead muttation bound that ten-foot high wall in a single bound , barrel into cato . as they battle , katniss turn - to see peeta , hobbling this way . the pack gain on he fast . her eye go wide . peeta get to the base of the Cornucopia , start to climb . muttation # 2 swipe at he leg with four - inch razor claw . instant blood . instant agony . peeta howl . katniss fire a arrow right into the throat of the beast . it fall back , dead . katniss climb , peeta ! he 's try . but the other muttation get to he heel , as : cato stab the lead muttation . a death -blow . he shove the muttation away . it land at katniss 's foot . she recoil , instantly . just see something horrifying : this muttation have human eye . glimmer 's eye . good God ... 115 . katniss ( cont 'd ) ( can barely say it ) glimmer ... then she 's shake out of she daze - by a very flat voice : cato what 's it gonna be , girl on Fire ? she turn ... and gasp : cato have yank peeta to safety , sort of . he 's get the guy in a_ vicious headlock , peeta 's leg hover off the edge of the Cornucopia - with twenty howling muttation below . they all have human eye . tribute eye . eery as hell . katniss draw she bow . aim right at cato 's head . the noise from the muttation be a disorient din ... katniss let he go , cato . muttation bay . peeta turn blue ... katniss can not fire that arrow or he will fall . cato somebody 's gotta lose . you know that . but just then , peeta use he finger to make a X on the back of cato 's hand . cato notice , but too late . the smile fade from he face just as katniss take dead aim , and : katniss you be right . she let it fly - a arrow aim right at cato 's hand . bullseye . cato cry out , reflexively release peeta , who slam back against he . they might both go over , as : ext . district 12 - town square - day 8,000 people . no one breathe . prim cry from the tension . Mrs. everdeen grab she hand . peeta 's Parents be rigid . int . game CENTER - same every eye in Mission Control , transfix . ext . capitol - CITY circle - same traffic stand still . pedestrian stop in the middle of a intersection , watch on a huge screen . cinna among they . 116 . int . game CENTER - haymitch' quarter - same haymitch , eye shut , just can not watch . ext . arena - cornucopia - resuming cato lose he foot on the slick surface . katniss lunge forward , grab peeta - as cato fall into the beast . instant carnage - a human be , tear apart . cato shriek , katniss watch in horror as the mutt simply maul he . his eye find katniss - a desperate , die request : please . out of mercy , and sportsmanship , she draw back a arrow , and send it right into he forehead . death . a cannon blast ... Safety . at last . the remain muttation try to scale the sheer wall - but none of they can do it . peeta and katniss embrace ... it 's over . we have win . ext . capitol - CITY circle drive jubilation . citizen cheer . cinna beam . ext . district 12 - town square - resuming Mrs. everdeen gasp with relief . peeta 's Parents too . but prim can not quite celebrate yet . sense something off ... int . game CENTER - mission control - resuming seneca bear no expression at all . just nod , coldly : seneca have claudius make the announcement . betto ( sick about it ) yes sir ... ext . arena - cornucopia - resuming the mutt howl harmlessly beneath katniss and peeta . katniss I want ice cream . every day . peeta huh ? 117 . katniss in Victor ' Village . I want ice cream deliver to my house . every day . until prim can not eat it anymore . peeta laugh . they both do . he take she hand . then : «+.an announcement from above : templesmith ( 0.s. ) greeting to the final contestant of the 74th Hunger Games . the earlier revision have be revoke . closer examination of the rule book have reveal that only one winner may be allow . good luck , and may the odd be ever in you favor . and that 's it . end of announcement . katniss just stare . peeta too . neither can speak - all hope suddenly vaccuume out of they body . the mockingjay be silent . no sound in the world except the howling of the muttation below , which seem deadly again . peeta if you think about it , it 's not that surprising . katniss no . I guess I always know it somehow . peeta do not matter . I do what I come here to do . katniss what the hell do that mean ? peeta I want to see you survive . now you be go to . katniss how ya figure ? peeta it 's just math , katniss . he stand , shakily , grab he knife . in mild disbelief she draw she bow back . 118 . '' ..- only to watch he toss he knife into the lake . splash . peeta ( cont 'd ) I tell you I would not let this Games change I . and they will not . she 's stand , bow draw , deeply ashamed . she lower it . peeta ( cont 'd ) no . do it . I want you to . katniss I can not . I will not . peeta do it - before the mutt get I . I do not wanna die like that . katniss then you shoot I ! peeta katniss , you know that 's impossible . and they have to have a winner . so ... eo that spark something in she , a idea . but he go on : peeta ( cont 'd ) do it . so I will not have to . katniss .-. what if they do not ? peeta huh ? katniss what if they do not have a winner ? people would go crazy , would not they ? ( peeta 's silent ) I do not wanna die , peeta . but I know I can not kill you . can you kill I ? peeta no . katniss so ... peeta do not get it - until she unzip that pouch around she e@ waist and extract a couple of that berry . nightlock . oh. 119 . katniss ( cont 'd ) they only hurt for a second . then it will be over . all of this ... she drop a few into he palm , keep a few for herself . katniss ( cont 'd ) trust I . mutual suicide , on live tv . but peeta still have not agree . katniss ( cont 'd ) on the count of three ? peeta hold they out . I want everyone to see . two hand , extend . the berry twinkle . peeta ( cont 'd ) Count of three . he kiss she goodbye , gently . they stand back to back ... int . game CENTER - resuming seneca , blood now drain from he face . betto gasp ... * ext . district 12 - town square - day 8,000 stunne viewer . prim , Mrs. everdeen . peeta 's Parents . int . juvenal HOTEL casino - sport book - same thousands of gambler , eye wide . number fly across the electronic wager - board ... ext . capitol - CITY circle - same cinna , and half the Capitol , breathless ... int . avoxe quarter ~ same lavinia , and the ten Year - Old Boy , and every avox down here - * watch without word . despair on every face ... int . game CENTER - haymitch' quarter - same a sound . haymitch turn : * effie just burst in . they eye lock , pure dread ... * 120. e ext . arena - cornucopia - resuming the kiss end . katniss look up ... katniss ' bye , prim . ' bye , Mom ... peeta I be not afraid . I love you , katniss . katniss ' bye , peeta . one ... ( steeling herself ) two ... ( peeta nod ... ) Three ! they shove the berry into they mouth ... but -- trumpet blare . and a frantic voice boom from above : templesmith ( v.o. ) stop ! stop ! lady and gentlemen , I give you the winner of the 74th Hunger Games ! from District twelve , @ katniss everdeen and peeta mellark ! firework erupt , that fast , lighting the lake . cannon thunder . cameras suddenly descend on katniss and peeta . the ground beneath the Cornucopia open up , swallow that muttation . the mockingjay sing . now it 's over . katniss and peeta spit out the berry , shocked and thrilled . peeta you be not dead ?! katniss I be not dead ! peeta I be not either ! she throw she head back , laugh . they hug . we do it ! he grab she hand , pull she into the lake . ext . district 12 - town square - same katniss 's neighbor - 8,000 of they - cheer , cry . even corrina , who lose she son to the Games last year , be able to @ smile now , through tear . 121 . Mrs. everdeen and peeta 's parent cry with relief and joy . this time , prim give into it as well , so happy ... ext . forest - lake - resuming katniss and peeta rinse out they mouth ; then they be splash each other , hugging . katniss I be come home , prim ! I be come home ! laugh , splash - utter joy and disbelief - until : whoosh . two hovercraft suddenly appear overhead . a splash team dive out of one , landing in front of we . peeta what be they -- in second they have get he secure to a float gurney . katniss peeta ? before peeta can reply , splash team leader signal the hovercraft , and peeta be whisk into the sky - go - asa second splash team now zeroe in on katniss . it 's a blur . then she 's on a gurney too . what be all this ??? katniss ( cont 'd ) peeta ?! just like that , she 's whisk up . we CUT to : ..- train wheel , fly down a track . we be : int . tribute train - dine car - moving - day day later . katniss sit in a dine car . decompress . she look like a girl again - but sober , change forever . stare out a window at the bleakness outside . we move in on she , as a memory hit ... int . capitol - broadcast CENTER - night ( flashback ) yesterday : we watch from backstage as peeta be interview by caesar flickerman before a pack house . Big applause . reverse to : katniss , in a simple dress , watch from behind a curtain . in moment , she will be call out to join he . 122 . but first , haymitch approach she , and lean in : haymitch ( quiet , out of nowhere ) listen to I . you be in danger ... int . tribute train - moving - resuming ( present ) katniss , relive the moment . then back to : int . capitol - backstage - resuming ~- night ( flashback ) haymitch go on , a quiet warning : haymitch the Capitol 's furious about what you do in the Arena . the berry . it smack of " rebellion . " more o.s. applause from that crowd - peeta charming they ... haymitch ( cont 'd ) here 's what you say : you be so madly in love you could not think straight . understand ? ( katniss be a blank ) understand ? katniss do you tell peeta this ? haymitch I do not have to . he 's already there . huh ? but just then , flickerman call out from the stage : flickerman how ' bout if we hear from katniss herself ? would you like that , folk ? huge cheer from the crowd . katniss step on stage as : int . tribute train - moving - resuming ( present ) katniss , remember ... then : int . capitol - broadcast CENTER - stage - ( flashback ) katniss share a red love - seat with peeta , she head on he shoulder , she foot tuck under she - opposite flickerman . -.- as she and the audience watch highlight from the game : 123. the open bloodbath , the fire , the tracker - jacker , the landmine , rue 's death , find peeta , that kiss ... it end with a shot of katniss and peeta , in triumph . then : flickerman katniss , we know when love first hit * peeta - at the tender age of five ! but during the Games we all feel we * be watch you fall in love with he ! be that what be happen ? katniss I think so . the audience laugh . katniss redden . peeta hold she . katniss ( cont 'd ) I mean , at first I try not to think about my feeling , honestly - because it only make thing worse . but at a certain point , everything change . flickerman when be that ? katniss when I realize there be a chance I could keep he . applause . katniss see haymitch off-stage , look pleased . and there 's cinna , in the front row , thrilled . with effie beside he , she eye full and wet . .«-.as flickerman go for the drama : flickerman but that moment where you pull out that berry . what be go through you mind then ? katniss flinch a bit . the cameras move in closer ... ..- as flickerman wait ... peeta too ... and haymitch watch from the wing ... until : katniss I do not know . I guess I just ... could not bear the think of be without he . perfect . peeta take she face tenderly , kiss she . the crowd sigh . flickerman beam . haymitch can breathe . 124 . int . tribute train - moving - resuming ( present ) katniss , go over every step of it again . then : int . capitol - broadcast CENTER - backstage ( flashback ) show 's over . katniss and peeta leave the stage to great applause . haymitch here to greet they . haymitch great job you two . just keep it up until we be back home and the camera be off ; we should be okay . then he 's go , shaking hand with flickerman ... leave katniss alone with peeta - who suddenly look lose . peeta what would he mean , " keep it up ? " ( katniss hesitates ... ) katniss ? she look away . and peeta sag , heartbroken . end flashback . int . tribute train - moving - resuming ( present ) katniss sit , she face a mask again - as we reveal : peeta , sit directly across from she . a frost between they now . he lean forward , adjust something : his brand - new artificial leg . he slide a pant - leg over it ... as this train slow noiselessly . one row up , effie rise . effie we be here . katniss nod . the train stop . a odd silence hover ... as : int . hovercraft - moving - day seneca sit , peacekeeper on either side of he . opposite he sit panem president evander snow . not happy . seneca mister President , it be the large viewership we ever have . president snow yes . and look what they see . seneca it be good theatre , sir. 125 . president snow it be dissent . and you allow it . no reply . snow nod at a peacekeeper , who throw open a door . wait . we be 5,000 foot in the air - nothing below we but that forest , the Cornucopia a dot in its center . seneca gasp . ... and look to President snow , desperate . no , you would not . but snow be expressionless , which tell seneca everything ... seneca one little loaf of bread ... president snow you be not without option , seneca . seneca brighten ... until snow open a small box ... revealing several of that same dark berry . they purpose be clear . seneca eye they , and sink . the prospect sound awful ... president snow ( cont 'd ) so ? seneca just shake he head . snow nod , understanding . then : president snow ( cont 'd ) good luck , seneca . and may the odd be ever in you favor . with that , seneca be hurl out the side of the hovercraft . we hear he scream , the SOUND matching to : int . tribute train - resuming a crowd cheer , 0.s. , audible through the rear door of the train . effie eye she two tributes . effie I want to thank you both . it 's be a honor serve with you . katniss be silent . peeta too . haymitch approach . haymitch ready ? katniss nod , overload . peeta misread it entirely . peeta sure . just another performance , right ? then we be do . 126. @ katniss no . peeta , you do not understand ... peeta do not I ? katniss tighten - as haymitch throw open the door ... .«-»- and cheer flood in , from a wait crowd of thousand : ext . district 12 - train station - continuing this station be packed with the cheering citizen of District 12 - roaring , as camera crews capture it all . peeta and katniss step on to the back platform of the train like candidate do a whistle - stop , wave . peeta 's Parents be here . and corrina - everyone cry . Mrs. everdeen and prim too , they eye wet , cheer . prim jump onto the platform , tackle katniss , cry . katniss hold on tight , desperately grateful . until she see something familiar in the corner of she eye ... e gale , anonymous amidst the crowd . they eye lock . and there it be on she face : affection , relief , guilt , dread all at once ... peeta grab she , kiss she . the crowd cheer again - despite the confusion in she eye . the cameras push in on she ... gale just smile a thin smile ; katniss have survive , that 's all that matter . we return to : int . hovercraft - moving - resuming - day President snow look down at the Arena , sullied now . lead peacekeeper back to the Capitol , Sir ? president snow no. ( flatly ) there 's a threat out there that want to be strangle it in its crib . ( resolve ... ) e take I to District twelve . the hovercraft bank hard , disappear from we view ... 127 . ext . district 12 - train station - resuming the kiss end . peeta wave to the crowd , no hint that he 's die inside . all eye be on katniss . it 's a lot to bear . she be 16 and tear . surrounded , but utterly alone . Home , but more lose than ever . and she fight have just begin . we ... go to black - over which , a super : " end of Book one " . then ... fade out ...