ouijia written by juliet snowden & stile White September 26 , 2013 darkness . a low wind stir from far away ... ext . neighborhood house - night no car in the driveway . a single light on in a upstairs window . we hear a teenage girl 's voice . teenage girl ( 0.s. ) I want to talk . I feel like last night ... I do not know . thing be start to get kinda weird between we . ease in on that upstairs window ... int . bedroom - night glimpse a sliver of a bedroom ... because we be look out from inside the bedroom closet . the slightly open closet door keep we from see more . we stay exactly in this spot throughout ... a teen girl sit on the floor . this be debbie ( 17 ) . she 's talk to someone in she room . debbie it be fun for a while , when we first start play . but ... I feel like you have change . ease over slightly ... able to see a little more of Debbie . there 's something in front of she on the floor . a game board . Debbie 's finger touch a heart - shape wooden piece on the board . she 's play ouija with someone . but from where we be inside the closet , we can not see who it be . we drift up away from the board now so that we be just on Debbie 's face . debbie ( cont 'd ) I mean , you be still my friend , right ? Debbie sit there wait . debbie ( cont 'd ) C ’mon . answer I . suddenly , Debbie 's expression shift . fear in she eye . debbie ( cont 'd ) you know what ? this be we last game . I be not play ever again . I want you to leave . just get out . movement . a dark shape step past the crack in the closet . we hear a thud and now we be -- in the bedroom with debbie she sit there alone on the floor , glance over to the wide open bedroom door as it come to a rest against the wall . as if someone just leave the room . the night wind creak outside ... Debbie gather up the ouija board and planchette and move quickly to she closet . she open the double door , about to put the board away when -- -- there 's a noise . scrape . Debbie glance over she shoulder . the room be still empty . she turn back . reaching to place the ouija up on a shelf as behind she -- -- there 's movement in a mirror . unseen by Debbie , because she 's still reach up to put the board away . the wooden planchette slip and fall , landing at Debbie 's foot . she pick it up when suddenly -- -- bam ! a loud sound in she room . Debbie spin to see that she bedside table lamp have fall ... now slowly roll on the floor . Debbie stand there totally still . stare . her panicked eye scan the room . all we hear be she breathing and the wind outside . she turn slightly ... and a shadow fall across she face . we do not see what she see -- but someone 's stand right there . Debbie stare . absolutely terrify . her lip tremble , about to say something when -- -- she 's pushed hard into she closet ! it 's a blur . she fall back into she hang clothes . get twisted up ina plastic dry clean bag . very close on Debbie -- and right before she can scream , a clear plastic dry clean bag suddenly presses tight against her face ! a split second shock and we instantly go -- int . debbie 's bedroom - night -- back into the bedroom . the closet door , out of focus in the background . we catch the tail end of they close shut with a slight creak . no sound come from the closet . just the wind outside . chilling music rise , take we to -- title credit . a vintage turn of the century black and white photograph of a parlor seance gathering . people in formal attire at a table with a ouija board at the center . we hear a woman 's voice speak via a scratchy cylinder recording -- woman 's voice as friend we have gather , heart be true . spirit near , we call to you . more photo . stock film footage . move through the decade . group of people play the ouija . even though the time and style change , the ouija board continue to look the same . we hear that familiar call , different voice -- various voice as friend we have gather , heart be true . spirit near , we call to you . Polaroid shot . video footage . each ouija game feel more recent than the last . the final image be two girl ( 12 ) . sitting on a floor with a ouija board between they . dress for a sleepover . it 's just a photo , but we hear they innocent young voice as they say the word -- two girl as friend we have gather , heart be true . spirit near , we call to you . from the photo of the two girl we drip to black . large bold letter appear one by one out of the darkness ... as if conjure from the ether . spell out a single mysterious word in a familiar vintage font : ouija SOUND rise . a hard scratching . close on -- a pencil on paper . cursive handwrite spill across the page . beat . suddenly the paper be rip from a notebook and crumpled up . int . high school classroom - day elena '' laine '' moreno , 17 , toss the paper into the wastebasket near she desk . a few other crumpled note already in there . it 's early . laine sit alone in the classroom . outside the commotion of student arrive for the school day . laugh distant voice . slam of locker out in the hallway . laine regards another blank piece of paper . she take a breath . write out another note . her final word be the only one we see : '' Friends forever xoxo laine '' laine fold the paper into a origami note . she set it ona far desk near the window as the bell ring and student start filter into the classroom . a moment later . laine 's back in she desk . isabelle ( 17 ) take the seat next to she and start right in -- isabelle what be we feel this weekend ? laine it 's only Tuesday . isabelle I know . but I like to get a jump . ( scrolling through she phone ) get multiple party option here . small selective gather or that blow - out everyone 's go to ? a guy swoops in and give laine a kiss before take the desk behind she . this be trevor ( 17 ) . trevor she try to steal my time again ? iz , we do not always have to tag along . you can fly solo . isabelle yeah . I show up to a party alone would not look pathetic at all . not everyone have you perfect couple situation . laine look at she ... act like she 's not the one who break up with every guy she go out with . isabelle I be a picky bitch . can not help it . a teacher , mr . satlof , enter and start pass out a exam . mr . satlof okay . settle . book away . I be put thirty minute on the clock . please dazzle I with you knowledge of all thing John milton . trevor lean in toward laine , whisper -- trevor yo . you ready to throw down on this iambic pentameter -- but laine 's not pay attention . she 's glance back at the desk where she put the note ... and it 's still empty . the note just sit there . trevor ( cont ’d ) laine ? this be the part where you laugh . laine snap out of it . give trevor a smile . mr . satlof eye front . no talk . dissolve to : laine taking her test . she hear whisper and look up to see she teacher out in the hall talk with someone . Mr. satlof come back into the classroom , and by he somber expression , laine know that something be wrong . mr . satlof ( cont ’d ) I know some of you be finish up , but ... I have something I need to share with everyone . student put they pencil down . murmuring , wonder what 's go on . mr . satlof ( cont ’d ) I just get word that ... Mr. satlof 's voice trail off . this be hard for he to say . laine glance back again at the empty desk . then -- laine it 's Debbie , be not it ? what happen ? now everyone 's look at laine . Mr. satlof slowly nod . mr. satlof I be so sorry ... she die at she house last night . trevor oh my God ... reaction ripple through the classroom . isabelle start cry . but laine be freeze . laine no . it 's a mistake . Debbie can not be dead ... mr . satlof this be a tremendous loss . the school will be provide counselor for anyone who need to talk during this difficult time -- ease in on laine . her eye stare in shock . the world suddenly seem to swim around she . sound and voice fade . and from that empty desk with the note sit on it we go -- int . laine 's room - day laine stand at a mirror as a older woman zip up she black dress from behind . this be laine 's grandmother , nona . the woman see the devastation on she granddaughter 's face . they conversation be always in Spanish with subtitles -- nona I know this mourn that you feel . with the death of a friend , there be a part of you who die as well . laine it 's like there 's a pain in my heart that will never go away . nona respect grief , my precious Elena . it be often in this time we find we own light and understanding . laine look at she grandmother . laine I do not want understanding . I want Debbie back . there 's a knock at the door . laine 's father , ANTHONY moreno . latino . dress in a suit . his eye fill with heartache . mr . moreno it 's time . ext . debbie 's house - day several car be park out front . guest in post - funeral attire head into the house . int . debbie 's house - downstair - day with laine . stand among the mourner who be gather in the house . adult . other high school friend . a few teacher ... Mr. satlof among they . trevor and isabelle be here . laine move through the gather . voice hushed . snippet of dialogue : mourner ( various ) -..and that Carol have to find she like that ... in the closet . just horrible ... make no sense . they be pack and come to stay with I ... can not be in this house another night ... laine hover , glance at a vintage anniversary clock . small crack in the glass dome . hand freeze in time . have not work in year . beat ... then over at the stair she see a guy stand there hold flower . Student . strange . thrift store suit and tie . he do not seem to know anyone else here . he 's just stand there . glancing up the stair ... laine hear cry . see Debbie 's parent sit across the house , be comfort by friend . the mother , sobbing . laine turn back ... and now that guy at the bottom of the stair be go . his flower leave behind on the foyer table . int . debbie 's room - day upstair . laine push open a door into Debbie 's bedroom . she step inside and glance around , as if try to understand Debbie 's sudden death . the room be decorate in a eclectic style . evidence of Debbie 's life in high school theatre . frame poster and photo of she play and performance . but the most prominent feature in the room be a mural of a tree , silhouette style . paint branch sweeping across the wall . it 's familiar . we have be in this room before ... laine cast a glance to the closet . the door be slightly open . a unsettle crack of darkness within . laine reach out and push it close . laine take a breath . she step to a bulletin board , cover in memento and photo . almost all of the picture be of Debbie and laine . through the year . birthday party . camp trip . School dance . arm around each other . a faint creak . laine look over ... and the closet door be again slightly open . she stare ... unaware that a figure be now right behind she . mrs . galardi ( 0.s. ) you be everything to she . laine spin and see Debbie 's mother stand there . the woman 's eye wild with grief . laine Mrs. G ... ( devastating beat ) I can not believe she 's go . laine hug Debbie 's mom . hold she tight in the silence . and then Mrs. galardi pull back , look at laine . mrs . galardi do you understand this , laine ? why would my baby do this to herself ? tear run down laine 's cheek . all of this simply too much . laine I do not know . Mrs. galardi step away ... glance around . be in this room , the despair be so immense . Mrs. galardi start collect some of she daughter 's possession and put they in a box . a bracelet . a old flip camera . pull photo from the bulletin board . laine watch she with concern , not understanding . laine ( cont ’d ) Mrs. G .... mrs . galardi she have want you to have this . this way a part of she be always with you ... Mrs. galardi hand laine the box of memento . mrs . galardi ( cont 'd ) always remember she . laine nod . her heart break . ext . laine 's house - night a very similar two -story style as Debbie 's house . same neighborhood . the sudden SOUND of girl laughing take we -- flip camera video screen . Recent footage . laine and Debbie try on dress in a small store change room . laugh . pose in the mirror . hamming it up for the camera . debbie that 's the one . very hot . lemme see that booty shake ! salesperson ( 0.s. ) lady , I need you to keep it down in there . we do have other customer . laine and Debbie laugh so hard they can barely breathe . another moment . laine and Debbie in they dress . in Debbie 's house . say goodbye to Debbie 's parent . another moment . School dance . Music pump . light swirl . Debbie hold the camera out , get a two - shot of she and laine . the kind of night you want to last forever . image freeze . a glitch . it make Debbie 's freeze laugh look like a scream . int . laine 's room - night laine 's on she bed with the box of memento . laptop open next to she revealing Debbie 's Facebook page -- now a memorial . memories and message from friend pop up . laine try to get the flip camera work again , but it 's stick on that image of Debbie . laine set it aside . she look down at the memento . laine put Debbie 's infinity charm bracelet on she wrist . she dangle a little penguin with sunglass keychain on she finger ... ..- when she hear a loud car muffler outside . laine go to the window . her sister sarah ( 15 ) emerge from a beat - up car that proceed to head off down the street . the girl come up the sidewalk as laine 's father storm out of the house . laine crack she bedroom window to listen -- mr . moreno -- that 's the guy you skip school with today ? what the hell 's go on with you ?! Sarah respond . her voice low . laine unable to make it out . mr . moreno ( cont ’d ) well , you better start caring . because I be get call at work . principal say one more no - show and you be get expell -- 10 . laine watch as she father follow Sarah into the house , they arguing voice muffle through the wall . int . hallway - moment later sarah stomp up the stair into the hallway and we get we first real look at she . heavy makeup . grow up too fast . Sarah see laine stand there . sarah great . now I get to be bless with you opinion too . lucky I . laine I can not believe you be not at the funeral . actually , I can . it 's totally typical . Sarah keep head to she room . laine follow . sarah can not be around people cry . all sad and stuff -- laine -- Debbie be always good to you . especially when mom leave -- sarah -- I know . okay . ( beat ) and now she 's go too . Sarah step into she room and close the door , leave laine alone in the hallway . int . laine 's room - moment later laine step to she bed , start put Debbie 's thing back in the box . she glance over and see that a photo have fall on the floor . face down . she pick it up . it 's laine and Debbie circa 7th grade . the two girl be in they pajamas play a ouija board . two girl play ouija . we have see this photo . laine stare at the photo . lose in think . she notice something . run she finger over a glare streaking across the ouija board in the image . it 's odd . then -- laine' computer screen . photo folder . click . Recent instagram pic of laine and she friend . 11 . int . laine 's bedroom - night - later laine scroll through she digital photo . go backwards through the year . and laine finally find the exact same photo of she and Debbie on the floor play the ouija . laine hold up the print photo next to the image on she screen . there 's no glare on she computer version . the one from Debbie 's bulletin board be definitely different . close on the printed photo . suddenly light up with a bright flash of light . laine take a ' snapscan 's of the photo with she iPad . she open up the image in she photo app and enlarges the picture . she scroll around . down to the ouija board . that weird glare . laine tap -- blow the photo up even more . the glare seem to perfectly highlight the word good bye at the bottom of the ouija board . off of laine 's puzzle expression cut to -- ext . debbie 's house - day Debbie 's house sit in late afternoon shadow . curtain draw . trevor 's car pull up in front . laine get out and head around the side of the house . laine this will just be a second . I have to grab something . trevor call out through the roll down window -- trevor I think she parent be go ? laine do not answer . keeps walk . ext . debbie 's house - backyard - day alone , laine move past a tarp cover swim pool in the backyard . she glance up at the dark window of the house . there 's a soft lap of water from under the pool tarp . laine turn . a brief undulate movement underneath ... but it 's just the wind . Dead leave blow across the tarp . laine check under a small garden statue -- find a spare key . a hide place she 's familiar with . and when she look back up at the house ... there 's now a light turned on in a upstair window . laine look at the window , unsettle , as we go -- 12 . int . debbie 's house - downstair - day a click at the back door ... and laine come inside . curtain draw . still . laine Mrs. g? hello ? no answer . laine move through the kitchen . coffee cup next to a open tin of cookie ... remnant of Debbie 's wake . there 's a feel that Debbie 's parent pack a few thing and simply leave . so eerie . int . debbie 's house - upstair hallway - day laine step to the top of the stair . down the hall ... the light be come from Debbie 's bedroom . laine somebody there ? int . debbie 's room - day laine move into Debbie 's room . everything here be just as it be the other day . preserved and untouched . the bedside table lamp suddenly flicker off and then back on . buz like it have a bad bulb . laine unplug it ... but now there 's a slight sound . scraaape . laine turn -- eye fall on the closet . be it come from in there ? she go to the closet . hesitates . know what happen in here . laine open the door . darkness . can not see . she reach up , pull the light cord -- -- and there 's a face . someone's stand behind the clear plastic hanging bag . laine startles , as -- trevor ( 0.s. ) what be you do ? laine spin to find trevor behind she . watch . as laine turn back to the closet , she see that the '' face '' be actually one of Debbie 's paint theatre mask , hang on the back wall . laine settles , look around the closet shelf . and there among some other game be a ouija board . she pull it down and bring it over to the floor . laine sit there , run she finger over the antique lettering on the vintage wooden game board . 13. trevor ( cont ’d ) so you come here look for a ouija board ? laine we use to play all the time . trevor anything cool ever happen ? laine no , it 's just a game . but we pretend it be real . ask question about we future . you know ... ' will I ever find true love ? 's stuff like that . Debbie would always spell out the answer I need to hear . and I would do the same for she . like texting each other . Old school . trevor pick up the tear - shape planchette out of the box . it 's wooden . look homemade . not the plastic kind that usually come with the game . trevor and this be the thing you use -- the game piece ? laine the planchette . Debbie 's mom make this one when she be we age . put she initial on the bottom . and we add ours too . see ? laine place the planchette on the board . touches it with two finger ... move it slightly across the board -- laine ( cont ’d ) you know how Debbie and I have that huge fight a few week ago ? trevor nod . laine ( cont ’d ) I think it would blow over . you know , ' it will be okay tomorrow . 's or next week . and suddenly there 's no tomorrow . laine look at trevor . she be sick with guilt . trevor laine , you can not blame yourself for this . Friends have argument . why Debbie do what she do ... we will never know . 14 . quiet . laine keep look at the board . laine sit across from I a sec . trevor give she a look -- know where she 's go with this . laine ( cont ’d ) you be not suppose to mess with it alone . trevor you say it be a game . laine it be . but ... trevor sit across from she . watch as laine put she fingertip on the planchette . he do the same . trevor okay . laine you do two circle like this . one for each of we . clockwise . they move the planchette twice around the board . the feel in the room shift . trevor give laine she space , know she need to say some thing . laine ( cont ’d ) freshman year , when my mom suddenly decide that she need to ' find herself 's and split on we , I be a total mess . you get you world rip out from you like that -- you do not know if you can trust anyone again . and Deb ... she pull I out of it . it be not anything she say or do -- it be she just be there . always there . trevor trade a quiet look with laine , move by she word . laine ( cont ’d ) I never get to say ' goodbye . 's together they hand move the planchette to the word good bye at the bottom of the ouija board . overcome with sadness , laine can barely say the word ... laine ( cont ’d ) Goodbye , Debbie . 15 . int . laine 's bedroom - night laine 's back home . alone in she room . and she now have the ouija with she . she set the board on she desk . slide the planchette on good bye at the bottom . laine light a votive candle next to the board . a remembrance . time lapse dissolve ... as the candle burn low ... flicker out ... the light in the room fade on the board . int . laine 's bedroom - night it 's late . the room sit in darkness . we be on the ouija board ... the planchette still rest on the word good bye . drift over to laine . asleep . we hover above the bed as ... .-..- very slowly ... almost imperceptibly ... the bedside table begin to slide away from the bed . laine wake up . listen in the dark as she hear something move in she room . laine sit up , reach over for she lamp ... and it 's not there . she look over to see that she bedside table be now three foot away from the bed . the light cord from the lamp swing slightly . and that sound come again . scraaaape ... something else be slide around in the room . laine get out of bed , turn on the lamp -- and the sound immediately stop . laine step over to see the ouija board on the desk where she leave it . but something look different . the planchette have move ... no longer on good bye at the bottom of the board . laine stand right over the board ... see that the planchette be now on top of the letter ' D . 's laine be chill by the sight of it . she cautiously reach out and touch the planchette ... glance around she room -- ' what just happen ? 's int . laine 's bedroom - day Morning . laine 's get dress as Sarah shuffles past in the hallway ... just now waking up . laine hey , Worm -- Sarah poke she head in . laine ( cont ’d ) -- be you in my room last night ? 16 . sarah wait . what ? -- laine -- be you mess around in here . yes or no ? sarah no. God . I be not in here . you be trippin’ . Sarah move on . laine stand there , look down at the ouija . int . diner - day local hangout . family -own kind of place . laine sit with trevor and isabelle at a booth . isabelle wear a waitress uniform , take a break from she shift . laine be in the middle of she story -- laine -- and then the planchette have move to the letter ' D. trevor the board must have get bump -- laine -- it do not get bump , trevor . stuff be move in my room . trevor reach across the table ... take laine 's hand . trevor laine . everyone 's in shock . but you do not need to keep feel guilty about this . last night ... you be have some crazy nightmare . laine 's frustration be grow . she pull she hand away . laine I be not asleep . it 's Debbie . she 's try to contact I . isabelle and trevor exchange a worried look . isabelle try a softer approach -- isabelle let 's say she be . what do you think she want ? laine look at they . very serious . 17 . laine she want I to play the game . trevor be you be for real ? laine fight she emotion . try not to fall apart . laine you ever think that even after someone you love have die ... there 's still a way they can reach out ? what if the game be real this time ? I need to talk to Debbie . please . do this with I . the cook at the kitchen window hit the bell . ding ! order up . aman in a tie -- isabelle 's father -- angrily wave at she to get back to work . isabelle of course ... I be in . trevor nod , uncomfortable about this . trevor I too . ext . laine 's house - day laine stand out at the curb as she father finish load a suitcase and hang bag into the back of a wait taxi cab . Mr. moreno close the trunk , come over to laine . mr . moreno I hate to leave right now . laine we will be okay . mr . moreno once this permit get approve , I all be back . might be a few day though . laine nod . mr. moreno ( cont ’d ) nona will drop by , check in on you guy -- but you know she can not keep up with Sarah . laine I get it cover . he give she a smile , but he eye be fill with worry . 18. mr . moreno Love you , baby . laine Love you too , papi . close up of a black and white photo . artistic . half of laine 's face and half of Debbie 's face . side by side . stare right at the camera . int . laine 's room - night from the photo on she wall collage , ease over to find laine at she desk ... look down at the ouija board . beat , then she place the board into she backpack and zip it up . int . laine' house - downstair - night Sarah 's on the live room couch . History textbook open . Notes . study hard . laine step in , backpack over she shoulder . laine c’mon . I have to run out . I be drop you off at nona 's . debbie laine , I be totally in the middle of this . dad put I on blast , so look -- I be study . laine regards she sister for a long beat . laine one hour and I 'il be back . there 's some dinner stuff in the fridge . Sarah , do you hear I ? Sarah barely look up from she book . sarah one hour . I get it . later . ext . laine' house - night laine come out of the house ... take a few step down she walkway . glance over -- -- to see that same car Sarah get out of the other night now park in front of the house next door . light off , but music play inside . bass thumping . laine start walk toward the car . laine hey ! I see you , asshole ! 19 . laine have a plastic water bottle and throw it at the car ! thunk . the car light quickly turn on -- engine revs and the vehicle peel out . Sarah storm out of the house , furious . sarah -- the hell , laine ! laine for a minute there I actually have a little faith in you . Sarah 's a swirl of fury and hurt . sarah we hang out -- what 's wrong with that ?! laine what 's wrong be that you be fifteen and whoever that dude be should know better . alright . since you can not be leave alone , you be come with I . sarah what ?! I be not go anywhere . laine go quiet ... and then -- laine you know what ? i’11 let dad deal with it . I think he say if you slip up again -- at all -- you would have to go to that special school . you know , where they send the ' problem kid . ' I be sure it 's nice . oh , but remember , when you have to use pepper spray on you fellow classmate , extend you arm away from you face . int . debbie 's house - night looking down from a upstair window . laine move through the dark backyard past the cover pool ... follow by trevor , isabelle and Sarah . linger here . at the side of the window , what we think be the edge of the curtain suddenly move . someone step away ... sink back into the shadow of the house . int . debbie' house - downstair - night Furniture sit in the dark . hold for a long beat ... 20 . .».. as laine enter the quiet space . she glance around , pass the vintage clock she look at before ... make sure the coast be clear . she turn and signal to the other who be wait by the back in the kitchen . they all step further inside . isabelle turn on a lamp -- isabelle this feel wrong . we should not be here . -- trevor come up behind isabelle , turn off the light . trevor no house light . we do not want to draw attention . trevor pull a LED camp lantern from he backpack and turn on the low light . laine I think we have do this up in she room . that 's where we use to play . Sarah step over to trevor -- a aside . sarah I do not know how you think you be gonna ' talk 's to someone with that thing . ( go into a little routine ) ' yo . can you hear I now ? signal 's bad . I be only get like one bar here . 's trevor you sister need to do this . just zip it and go along . sarah Fine . I will lead the way . Sarah take trevor 's lantern , head for the stair . int . debbie 's house - upstair hallway - night Sarah be ahead of the other . move down the dark upstairs hallway . we follow she into -- int . debbie 's bedroom - night Sarah come into the room . she shine the lantern around . look at the tree mural across the wall . follow the lantern light , scan thing on Debbie 's shelf , over to the bed -- -- and someone 's sitting right there in the dark ! 21 . sarah scream ! drop the lantern . back away . laine , isabelle and trevor hurry into the room to find Sarah stand with she back against the wall . stare . laine follow she gaze -- as the person sit on the bed now stand ... step further into the light . it 's the loner guy who laine see at Debbie 's wake . this be pete ( 17 ) . trevor laine who the hell be you -- -- what be you do up here ?! Pete coolly take they in . not ruffle in the slight . pete everyone just chill . trevor you get three second to answer I -- pete -- I be pete. friend of Debbie 's from theater class . transferred in last fall . laine -- she never talk about a ' Pete . I think I would know if you be friend . Pete regards laine . pete laine , right ? Heard all about you from Debbie ... the fall out you guy have . how you stop talk to she . laine 's stung by he comment . a beat and then Pete hold up a dvd . pete ( cont 'd ) in answer to you question , I tell Debbie 's folk I have burn a dvd of she last performance . Promised to drop it off . I do not know they be already go . ( beat ) back door be unlock , so ... laine Fine . but why be you in Debbie 's room ? Pete glance over at the closet . 22 . pete guess I want to see where it happen . still can not believe she would do that ... the room finally settles . Pete connect a look with laine . pete ( cont 'd ) you turn . what be you do here ? trevor laine , you do not have to tell he anything . Pete 's eye fall on the ouija board in laine 's hand . pete that 's hers , right ? last couple of week , she talk a lot about that game . beat . laine can not hide she surprise at this new info . laine do you ever play it with she ? pete no . she want I to . bugging I about it ... and then she quit ask . Said she find another friend to play with . Pete glance at all of they face . pete ( cont 'd ) that 's why you be here . gonna try to talk to Debbie . a beat and then Pete hand laine the dvd . pete ( cont 'd ) then I ’1l1 let you guy do you thing . if you can get this to she parent , I would appreciate it . Pete head out of the room . int . debbie 's house - upstair hallway as Pete head toward the stair . laine hold up . Pete stop as laine approach . it 's just the two of they . 23 . laine ( cont ’d ) she really want you to play ? off he expression we go -- the floor . laine set up the ouija board . place the camp lantern next to it . just the right amount of light . trevor adjust he video camera on a tripod , aim it down on the ouija board . he glance back at Pete , and then come down next to laine . very quiet -- trevor we do not even know this guy ... laine cut a look at Pete . he 's at Debbie 's desk , browsing through she thing . laine but Debbie do ... she want he to play . the more of she friend around the board , the more likely we make contact . ( beat ) you finish set up the camera ? trevor yeah . we be all ready . int . debbie 's room - night everyone 's now gather in a circle around the ouija board . Sarah start to touch the planchette , but laine stop she . laine the rule first . you can not ever break they . for starter ... never play ouija in a graveyard . isabelle okay . obviously we be good there . laine do not ask for any physical sign -- it should only be question and answer . always end a session with ' good bye . 's and the most important one -- do not play alone . Pete reach a hand in . the first to touch the planchette . he 's ready . hesitant vibe in the room -- overhead . the board . as everyone else put a hand on the planchette . fingertip touch . 24 . laine ( cont ’d ) we circle the board five time to begin . once for each of we . the planchette circle the board five time clockwise ... then come to rest at the center . laine take a breath ... she word be like a summoning . the paint tree limb of Debbie 's wall mural stretch out behind she . laine ( cont ’d ) as friend we have gather , heart be true . spirit near , we call to you . ( beat ) if there be a presence here , please make yourself know . nothing happen . the planchette be totally still . isabelle and trevor trade a side glance , just want this to be over . laine remain focus on the board , ask again -- laine ( cont ’d ) be there a presence among we ? another long moment pass . and then ... pete I feel something . trevor feel what ? nothing 's happen . we ever so slightly push in on the board -- and the planchette start move . slowly at first . the movement be stutter ... tentative . but definitely move . sarah c’mon . who 's do that ? isabelle not I . the planchette keep move into the upper leave hand corner of the board , stop on the word yes . pete can you tell we who you be ? beat ... then the planchette slide over to the ' d.’ laine 's eye widen . she 's breathless . laine it 's she . I tell you . I tell you she be here . ( more ) 25 . laine ( cont 'd ) ( out into the room ) Debbie ... talk to we . with eerie movement , the planchette literally start to turn underneath the player 's finger . like it 's point in a direction ... then move with a sudden quickness to the letter ' h’... now over to ' I . 's laine ( cont ’d ) she 's spelling something . everyone watch ... they face bath in the cool blue LED light of the camp lantern , as -- -- the planchette glide across the board . more letter . each one come faster : f-r-e ... ( Visual note : we will not show every letter when the ouija be spelling out message . the game session will always be a combination of fast stylistic shot of see certain letter appear in the planchette window , and character talk out the message as they happen . ) video camera footage . that fix angle on the tripod . look down at the circle of player ... hand on the planchette ... as the game piece move uncannily again to the letter ' d.'’ and stay there . finish with the message . everyone 's fingertip remain on the planchette . Sarah be fully engage now -- sarah it spell ' hi friend . 's on laine -- astonishment fill she eye . laine hi friend . isabelle and trevor trade that worried look again . isabelle ask a question , pretend that she believe in this -- isabelle laine think you be try to make contact . nothing happen . laine have you be in my room -- be that you last night ? the planchette twitches , then slowly slide again to yes . laine ( cont ’d ) be there something you be try to tell I ? 26 . the planchette twitches again under they finger , move to the number ' 3’... now over to another number -- ' 0 .' Pete watch -- try to follow it all . pete it 's a number . ' 306 . 's now letter ... the planchette criss -crossing the board and then come to a stop . isabelle and ' bd y.’ sarah what do that mean ? ' body 's ? or initial ? somebody you know ? laine shake she head . laine Debbie ? Deb ... I want to understand . trevor see the hope in he girlfriend 's eye . it 's kill he . trevor okay . I think we be do here -- laine -- no . we can not stop . not now . video camera footage . trevor look up into the lens , with he free hand , use he remote to widen out the angle on the room . we stay in video camera mode -- trevor this be not real . and if it be , I need some proof -- isabelle -- whoa . what do you mean proof ? trevor I want Debbie to show we that she 's here . c'mon . show we something -- laine -- trevor ! that 's break a rule . you can not ask for a physical sign . trevor no . it 's I ask to see something that 's not this guy push the planchette around -- 27 . trevor 's glaring at Pete as he say this . pete -- wait . you think I be do this ? isabelle be start to grow uneasy . isabelle -- let 's just say ' goodbye 's and end the game . there 's a sound out in the house . a low creaking . everyone fall silent . listen ... listen ... and -- bam ! our Pov suddenly shake . like the camera 's be hit hard . the Pov tip back on the tripod -- fall ! crashing to the floor . we be stare up at the ceiling . laine ( 0.s. ) who knock the camera over ?! shadows on the ceiling as trevor come run over . pick we up . check the camera . trevor it 's okay . still work -- trevor swing the camera around . on the floor , the planchette have be knock off the ouija board . sweep around to see that everyone 's on they foot . rattled . but laine 's not with the group . trevor ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) laine ? the camera eventually find laine ... out in the upstairs hall . stand there very still . trevor ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) what be it -- laine hold she hand out to silence he . she 's try to hear something . we move out into the hallway . laine point toward the stair -- angle turn -- where we hear faint chiming music come from downstairs . laine you hear that ? laine move down the hall and disappear around the corner to the stair . trevor laine -- 28 . Sarah step up , hold the camp lantern . trevor turn to Pete -- trevor ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) -- dude , you get a friend down there or something ? pete I come solo -- swear . trevor laine ! there 's no answer from below ... trevor take the lantern from Sarah , move out in front of the other with the light ... ... the lantern light push into the shadow ahead . past frame photo of Debbie hang on the staircase wall . the further we go , the more distinct that music become . a delicate and haunt melody . trevor arrive downstair , catch he reflection in a hang wall mirror . across the room , we see laine stand next to the vintage anniversary clock . mechanism turn inside the glass dome as the music play . trevor approach laine . she keep stare at the clock . laine this be break since we be kid ... have not work in year . and then the music wind down ... stop . laine look away from the clock , talk out into the downstairs . urgent . laine ( cont 'd ) Deb . I know it 's you . you be right here with we . tell I what you want I to do . trevor it 's not she -- laine -- then how do you explain this ?! sarah ( 0.s. ) guy ... where 's Pete ? camera pan around ... and Pete 's miss . it 's just the four of they . sarah ( cont 'd ) Pete ? 29 . the house be so quiet now ... isabelle I think he be stand right -- smash ! a shatter sound rip through the darkness ! it jolt everyone . trevor lose he grip on the camera for a moment . it bobble . finally re-adjust , and now we be following the other through the house . pass furniture in the dark . search . ( a low battery warning start flash on the upper part of the camera screen . ) around a corner . there 's Pete in a downstairs hallway . blood on he shirt . he look stunne . laine oh my god you be bleed ! on the floor , large piece of a broken mirror . shatter . camera catch sight of pete' hand -- a deep red slice across he palm . pete I see someone ... laine where ?! Pete point to a shadow corner . pete stand right there . camera pan over ... lantern light aim that way as well ... blow out the shadow . just a empty corner . pete ( cont 'd ) I see a reflection ... in the mirror . and then it fall . I be reach out -- Pete stand there in the hall ... apart from the other . battery warning beep . and then picture go out . black . out of the darkness , a light break through . shine brighter . flaring out . pull back . it 's a porch light , finally revealing -- ext . laine 's house - night laine stand at she front door with trevor . she 's still wire from play the game , hold trevor 's video camera . 30 . laine can I hang on to this ? I want to go through the footage . take another look at she message . trevor do not say anything . laine look up at he and see he expression . hard to read . laine ( cont 'd ) why be you look at I like that ? trevor I be worried about you . that you need this game to mean something . laine you be there . you see what happen tonight . trevor yeah . and that guy Pete be there too . I do not know what he 's up to , but he 's mess around with you head . you believe that he see someone in the house ... the mirror just fall like that ? laine his hand . why would he do that to himself ? trevor shrug ... gaze off . trevor I mean ... we really do not know what he be do there tonight . do we ? laine do not answer . because trevor 's right -- she do not know . trevor give she a kiss , but he 's preoccupy . trevor ( cont 'd ) ' night . laine head inside . close the door . we hear it lock from the inside . trevor head back to he car . his keyless entry chrip . he 's about to get in ... take one last look around . the nighttime street be totally empty ... no one around . and yet , something feel change . ext . high school - athletic field - day Girls dress for phy Ed stream out of the locker room , toss a volleyball around . laine 's the last one . head to join the other on the field when -- 31 . pete ( 0.s. ) laine . laine turn . see Pete stand there behind the bleacher . he approach . laine glance at he bandage hand . it 's awkward between they . laine how 's you hand ? pete better . thanks . Pete stand there . uneasy . pete ( cont 'd ) last night ... with the game . what do you think really happen ? laine do not say anything . cautious . Pete keep go ... pete ( cont 'd ) because I be read this theory about the ouija . one of they say it 's we subconscious mind move the planchette . you know ? involuntary motor muscle kick in and we be just tell ourselves what we want to believe . ( beat ) there be only two thing it can be . either we mind be play trick on we ... or we be really talk to Debbie last night . laine regards Pete ... and then she break . put she true feeling out there . laine yeah . I believe it be she . Pete quietly nod ... turn away . like he 's try to hold back he emotion . laine ( cont ’d ) do you like she ? you know ... more than friend ? pete we hang out in class . she always say I be a good listener . yeah . I think maybe there could be more between we . that I should ask she out . but I never do ... ( beat ) Deb use to talk about you . ( more ) 32 . pete ( cont 'd ) the day you guy have that fight , she be upset . whatever go down -- not my business . but all the storey she tell I , the good time -— - feel like I already know you . we hear isabelle shout from the field -- isabelle ( 0.s. ) laine -- let 's go ! laine glance over toward the field ... suddenly feel isolate back here with Pete behind the bleacher . the two of they be out of view of the other . laine I should go . Pete take a step toward she . stand very close now . pete laine , what do you think Debbie 's try to tell you ? int . high school computer lab - day student at work on a assignment , but laine 's turn away from she computer . look down at the palm of she hand . closer with laine . the ouija message from last night write in pen on she hand : 30 6bd /y . int . high school hallway - day laine have snuck out of class , move with purpose down the empty hallway . whisper number -- laine 299 . 300 . 301 . laine scan down a row of student locker . stop at -- laine ( cont 'd ) 306 . reveal that laine be stand in front of locker # 306 . remnant of a makeshift memorial . Notes . wilted flower stick in the locker vent . it 's Debbie 's locker . combination lock still attach . laine look back at the message write on she hand : bd y laine ( cont ’d ) ' B - Day . 's Debbie 's birthday . laine enter a series of number and click -- to she astonishment -- the lock fall open . laine hesitates ... 33 . glance around the hall ... wonder if she should even be do this . laine ( cont ’d ) this be crazy ... someplace dark . a metallic rattle , a door open ... light spilling in . we be deep inside Debbie 's locker , look out at laine . linger here for a moment , then -- with laine -- as she check thing out . a messy math binder . grade papers in folder . a couple can of Red bull . laine ( cont 'd ) what do you want I to find ... laine keep digging . pushes aside a sweater in the back of the locker to find a black and white marble notebook . notebook page flip to reveal ... doodle ... to - do list ... math scratch paper . nothing of significance . laine keep flipping ... ... suddenly stop on a detailed sketch of a ouija board . and as laine slowly turn the page , there 's more . vintage photo collage of people play ouija . eerie image print from the internet that depict seance type gathering and spirit contact . this be not do in the name of art . it feel like the outward sign of a increase obsession . journal entries and date be mix in with the image . Debbie 's handwrite . laine read a passage quietly to herself as she face fill with deep concern . man' voice laine ... what be you do ? laine turn and see the history teacher , mr . satlof , stand at the end of the hall , watch she intently . laine nothing ... laine close the locker , shutting we back into the darkness . ext . high school - parking lot - day end of day . most of the car already go from the parking lot . we find trevor , isabelle , and laine hang out by isabelle 's car . trevor have he bike out , rest against it . closer with they . they be flipping through debbie 's journal . laine ( cont ’d ) her journal ... the whole thing . every word 's about play the game with some friend . ( more ) 34 . laine ( cont ’d ) over and over again . listen to this ... ( laine read ) ' , ..he 's change . start act really weird . I do not want to play with he anymore . I be go to tell he tonight that it 's over . 's trevor take the journal and flip to the next page to find it blank . trevor that be she last entry ... write the day she die . ( to laine ) and you be sure she never say a name of who she 's play with ... laine no . like she be keep a secret . isabelle swallow . isabelle what if Debbie be not alone that night ? they all absorb the impact of this . trevor that Pete guy . maybe he be with she -- laine -- we do not know that . isabelle I get a idea . how about we just walk away from all of this . laine I be not walk away from Debbie . not again . ( beat ) if we figure out who this friend be -- we figure out what really happen to Debbie . int . laine and sarah' house - day alone , laine and Sarah 's grandmother nona move through the house with a laundry basket . Spanish language tv on in the background . she pick up a stray sock on the stair ... and notice another sock further up . nona this girl ... 35 . int . laine and sarah' house - day nona retrieve the other sock at the top of the star , and as she look down the hall ... .».. see that piece of laundry be scattered on the floor like a trail lead to laine 's close bedroom door . nona feel a chill . she put the basket down , move down the hall , stop at laine 's door . she hesitates at the door ... then push it open . int . laine 's room - moment later nona step into laine 's room and see that the trail of clothes continue across she floor to the bed . under the bed ... as nona come closer . pick up the clothes . closer ... back with nona . she get down on she hand and knee , start to lift the dust ruffle when behind she -- a scraping SOUND . nona turn . just as the ouija planchette fall off the desk and land on the floor . she pick it up . confused . and as she stand she see the ouija board on the desk . in a instant , she realize what she 's hold and drop it . back away from the board right into -- laine . Home from school . both of they scare the hell out of each other . laine nona , what be you do -- nona point at the ouija board ... but will not look at it . nona -- you should never touch such thing , let alone bring one into you house -- laine -- it be Debbie 's . it 's just a game . that 's all . nona -- nona 's do not want to hear it . she 's out of the room . muttering something to herself . laine pick up the planchette from the floor . beat , and we be -- suddenly tight on trevor . sweating . breathe . his face a mask of total concentration . ext . subdivision STREET - day - later trevor bike along the outer edge road of a neighborhood . no traffic out here . body lean forward on the bike . 36 . push hard . a little further . reaching a mental finish line ... and then he coast . sit up . catch he breath . ext . pedestrian tunnel - day trevor take a sip of water ... walk he bike to the entrance of a long pedestrian tunnel . hold here ... as trevor enter and slowly disappear into the shadow ahead . int . pedestrian tunnel —- day bike gear clickclickclick as trevor make he way through the narrow tunnel ... light fade on he as he go deeper . up ahead , a sound come from around a tunnel corner . . - - scratch-scratch-scratch-scratch . trevor stop . silence the click of he bike so he can hear better . the scratching get louder ... like nail on a chalkboard echoing in this concrete corridor . trevor hey -- somebody there ? no answer ... but something move . a abandon shopping cart slowly roll out from behind the corner ... drift to a stop . trevor peer ahead into the darkness . can not see around the corner up ahead . be it the wind ... or do someone push it ? trevor ( cont ’d ) who be that ? the cart just sit there . trevor lean he bike against the wall and unclip a safety light from under the seat . he start walk toward that corner . coil . on edge . his red light blinking into the darkness . trevor ( cont 'd ) Pete ? I swear to god dude -- he quickly round the corner -- and _no one 's there . trevor regards the empty tunnel ... he light still blink when suddenly -- a small rock come skip out of the darkness , landing at he foot . like someone just toss it . trevor pick up the rock . rattled . he move toward the direction it come from ... notice a sign on the tunnel wall : playground -- with a arrow point to the exit . trevor run he light across the sign , revealing that it 's be vandalize . some of the letter wildly scratch off . just the word play remain . 37 . trevor raise he blink light toward the empty darkness ahead of he where the rock come skitter in from . he start to back away ... unaware that in the brief flash of red light -- -- someone be behind he . just a shape . and trevor be back up right toward they . closer. closer . he turn -- -- and it 's just empty tunnel . his bike lean against the wall . trevor stare . can not shake the feel that he be not alone here . int . nona 's apartment - day laine come inside with she grandmother . turn on some light . it 's a comfortable apartment . the decor reflect nona 's life and heritage . laine and she grandmother say nothing . then , in Spanish -- nona the board . you use it . do not you -- to try to contact you friend ? laine hesitates . then -- laine it be just once . nona touch the small gold cross that dangle from she neck . nona do not turn to divination for answer . there be thing beyond we that we must simply leave alone . promise , Elena . you get rid of it . never touch it again . nona 's warning hang heavy in the air . int . laine 's car - day laine sit in she park car outside she grandmother 's apartment building . conflict . she glance over , the corner of debbie 's journal stick out of she backpack . moment later . laine still in she car . flip through the page of the journal . she can not pull herself away from this . she study a page that have ouija message jotted down . the word fragment make no sense . laine write one of they out on a piece of paper try to decipher it ... fns hgme laine 's cell phone suddenly vibrate on the dashboard , shaking she from she thought . she answer -- 38 . laine sure . of course -- I ’1ll go check right now . ext . debbie 's house - night even have fall . laine pull up to debbie' house and in the sweep of headlight see a woman stand out in the yard , look up at the house . laine get out of she car and approach the woman . it 's mrs . galardi . just stand there . laine Mrs. galardi -- you husband 's be look all over for you . Mrs. galardi point toward a upstairs window . riveted . mrs . galardi I see she ... up in the window . a chill run through laine as she look up at the window . but it 's empty . laine it 's just the curtain . laine try to guide Mrs. galardi away from the house . laine ( cont 'd ) I tell Mr. G. I have wait with you here . he 's go to take you back to you sister 's . okay ? mrs . galardi what if deborah 's still in the house ... and she need I ... laine there 's nothing for you in there . promise I you will not go in the house . mrs . galardi I have be have this dream . Debbie 's in she room ... and someone 's in there with she . and my baby ... she 's scream ... but I can not hear she . Mrs. galardi turn and take laine 's hand -- hold it tight -- look right at she with wild eye . mrs . galardi no one can hear she . 39 . int . diner - night suddenly , and quietly , we be on a chair . it just sit there . ease in on the leg of the chair ... as it start to move ... slide across the floor . in the empty diner , we find isabelle in she waitress uniform . she pull chair out and flip they upside down on a table . sweep underneath . close up for the night . she head toward the back , but stop at the daily special board . a prankster have obviously rearrange the letter from '' try we meatballs '' to '' eat we ball . '' isabelle that 's lovely . she put the letter back in place . then -- int . diner kitchen - night isabelle tie off a large bag of garbage ... head toward the rear exit ... pass she father in the restaurant office as he run through the receipt . ext . diner - back area - night isabelle come out the back exit ... nudge a brick against the bottom of the door to keep it open . she take the sack of garbage over to the dumpster and heave it in . drift away from her ... .».- over to the back door . as the brick door-stop begin to slide across the ground . sliiid and -- shhhunk . isabelle turn to see the door have fall shut . she step away from the dumpster and come over to the door . tries the handle . no entry from the outside . isabelle hey ! she knock on the door . wait . stuck out here alone behind the restaurant . isabelle glance around . the bulky dumpster ... she park car ... sodium vapor light buz overhead . not a soul in sight ... and yet ... there be a presence . like someone out there be watch . isabelle bang on the door again . more urgent . do not want to be out here a second longer . isabelle ( cont ’d ) dad ! c’mon , open up ! 40 . there 's a faint flutter sound . behind she . isabelle glance back . see a flyer on she car windshield . flutter in the night breeze . she go to she car , pass through a pool of overhead light . take the flyer off she windshield . Furniture sale Saturday ! she wad it up , and now notice something else ... the word ' frend 's write in the condensation on the driver 's side window . the letter drip . like someone be just here ... have write the word with they finger . it seem innocent . isabelle wipe it away with she hand . stands there in the dark ... as she car alarm suddenly go off ! scare the hell out of she . it shrill through the night air . isabelle take a step back ... something do not feel right . the alarm keep blaring as -- ka-thunk ! the back door finally open . Light from the restaurant spilling out . we hear she dad from inside -- dad ( 0.s. ) what 's go on -- you okay ? dad have isabelle 's car key . he shut off the alarm . silence again . isabelle take a final look at she car . isabelle yeah . I be good . she step inside and pull the door close . ext . laine 's house - night through a window , glimpse sarah in the live room . her face bath in the glow of she laptop screen . a guy voice -- guy voice ( 0.s. ) imagine what could happen if one million mind come together with the same mission . int . laine 's house - live room - night Sarah be on she laptop , watch a video on a website . a hip podcast guy talk about the ouija , as a ticker run along the top of the screen ... 16,209 and count . hip podcast guy that 's right , we be gonna be talk with the spirit . hit the join button . all you need be you mouse ... 41 . now a '' virtual ouija '' on the computer screen . a demo show someone with they hand on a mouse , slightly move ... as the planchette on the virtual game board also move . hip podcast guy ( v.o. ) .».- and you can take part in the world 's biggest ouija game ever ... Sarah slap she laptop close . sarah so lame . CUT to : the ouija board . fingertip on the planchette as it move around to different letter . it 's the video footage from the other night . int . laine 's room - night laine 's up late . holding Debbie 's penguin keychain like a worry stone -- watch the ouija game video on she computer . play back the part where the camera get knock over . on screen -— trevor if Debbie 's really here she can show we -- isabelle -- let 's just say ' goodbye 's and end the game . there 's a sound out in the house . a low creaking . then -- bam ! our Pov suddenly shake . like the camera 's be hit hard . the Pov tip back on the tripod -- fall ! crashing to the floor . we be stare up at the ceiling . laine ( 0.s. ) who knock the camera over ?! laine stop the tape . silence the chaotic volume of the game . rewind . everything move in reverse . she hit play again , watch a earlier moment . the argument -- isabelle laine say no physical sign . sarah so what ? I do not see anyone take they hand away . laine freeze the tape . rewind further and replays . watch the game as the planchette move about the board . 42 . specifically , she 's watch pete. closely . try to get a read on he facial expression . now study he hand as the planchette spell out a message -- start to wonder if he be make it move . she hit pause . the image freeze between frame . it create a weird effect ... and it make Pete look strange . his feature suddenly menace . out in the hall ... a floorboard creak . similar to the sound laine just hear on the video playback . laine Sarah ? int . laine 's house - upstair hallway - night laine come down the hall . so irritate . she open Sarah 's bedroom door . laine Worm , if you be sneaking out -- but Sarah 's not in she room . beat ... laine continue down the hall , to the stair -- and find Sarah stand a few step below ... quietly stare ahead . from the top of the stair , laine can see that the front door be wide open , lightly thumping against the wall ... leave blow in across the foyer from the outside . Sarah slowly turn back ... look up at laine . quiet -- sarah someone 's in the house . they hold a rise , terrify look as the sound of something heavy suddenly scrape on the floor downstairs . like someone accidentally bump into a piece furniture in the dark . Sarah bolt back up the stair to laine -- and together they hurry into -- int . laine 's room - night laine silently pull at Sarah , over to the closet . a hide spot . the two girl move quickly -- quietly slip into the closet . close the door . int . closet - night very dark in here . laine and Sarah huddle close in the small closet . voice so quiet and scared --- sarah ohmygodohmygod ... 43. laine shh-shh . do you have you phone ? good . call for help . sarah who the hell 's in we house ?! laine just call -- they face visible in the faint glow of Sarah 's cell phone . thud ! a sound out in the house . laine ( cont ’d ) Sarah -- hurry . sarah I be try . Sarah can not even dial she phone . hand shaking so bad . and now something slam against the closet door ! hand over they mouth , the girl want to cry out -- but can not . take everything they have to hold it in . another slam against the closet door . Sarah drop she phone . laine grab the closet door handle . hold it tight . try to keep anyone from get it open . it 's a excruciate moment . wait for what 's next . breathe hard . scare to death . and then all hell break loose on the other side of the door . it sound like someone 's bang on the door with they fist . bam ! bam ! bam ! over and over and over . relentless . the closet door rattle hard -- someone 's try to get in ! Sarah can not even hold back anymore . she scream . falling back into the corner of the closet . laine hold tight -- with everything she 's get . bam ! bam ! bam ! louder ... louder ... so goddamn loud ! and then -- -- it stop . completely . all the noise . Silent . the longest beat ... the girl hold absolutely still . and then laine gently turn the door handle . sarah ( cont 'd ) do not . laine do it anyway . open the door ... 44 , int . laine 's room - night the girl emerge from the closet . and even in the dark , right away -- they can tell that something 's different . sarah where 's you bed ? laine move . over there . sarah everything 's move . the whole room have be rearrange . but there 's a familiarity about the lay - out of all the furniture . car light pass by outside , just for a moment -- casting a long tree branch shadow across the wall . laine feel for a light -- click . it 's now set up just like Debbie 's room . bed. desk . side table . even the ouija board be at the center of the floor ... just like when they play it at Debbie 's house . Sarah take it all in ... reeling . sarah ( cont 'd ) this be so mess up ... who would do this ? laine kneel down next to the ouija board on the floor and see that the planchette be once again on the letter ' D . 's laine it 's Debbie . she want we to play again . int . diner - day corner booth . away from the other customer . everyone who play the ouija be gather . except for pete. voice hushed . urgent . talk over each other -- laine -- and all the furniture have be move . arrange just like Debbie 's room . the game sit right there . it be she way of say we need to come back to the board -- trevor -- laine . stop it . this isa live breathe person who 's try to freak we out . the game be not real . 45 . isabelle then how do you explain someone watch I last night , write message on my car —- trevor -- it 's Pete . you ever wonder if the guy might be a complete psycho ... make we think that it 's Debbie do all this ? I mean , what do you want I to say here ? laine I want you to say you believe in this . but trevor will not give she that . Sarah have remain silent this whole time . still shake by the night before . she finally speak , she voice quiet ... sarah in we house last night , could not have be a person that do all that . it be she . I be with laine . we have get to keep go . isabelle look at laine . put it out there -- isabelle you think she 's try to tell we the truth about how she die . laine hold she look . it 's dead quiet . laine someone kill Debbie . isabelle why do we do this ? never should have touch that thing ... laine we have to talk to she . we geta name ... and then we be do . no one say anything . just a incredible sense of dread in the air . and then jolting we like a clap of thunder -- the ouija board . larger than life . four hand reach in ... fingertip touch the planchette . int . debbie 's room - night laine , trevor , Sarah , and isabelle sit on the floor in Debbie 's room . a couple of battery lantern place about the dark room . everyone have a hand on the planchette . 46 . laine four circle this time . one for each of we . they circle the board clockwise . one. two. three. four . the game have begin . laine ( cont ’d ) as friend we have gather , heart be true . spirit near , we call to you . if there 's a presence here , make yourself know . Long beat on the board ... the planchette totally still . sarah it 's not work . isabelle let I try . Debbie , it 's iz . will you come and talk to we ? everybody remain intensely focus . barely breathe . ease in on the planchette . closer and closer ... a feel of pass time ... .-- and nothing happen . it sit there . lifeless . sarah I do not understand . isabelle we be do everything exactly the same . laine not everything . ( beat ) Pete 's not here . maybe because there be five of we who make initial contact ... something about we collective energy . beat ... as trevor give laine a look . trevor collective energy . sure . that 's it . you know what ? there 's one way to find out . isabelle bring Pete here -- what if it 's he do all this ? trevor it 's okay , iz. laine , go ahead . invite he over . 47 . time dissolve . from the shining light of the camping lantern , we drift up to see that pete be now sit with the other in the circle around the board . he feel the tension . no one 's talk to he . pete so what 's go on with this little gather ? seem like the party get start without I . you guy try to play already , do not you ? trevor we be go to do something different this time , Pete . trevor have a bandana in he hand . Pete eye it . pete blackout . okay , so we be all take turn ... or it 's just for I ? laine for you . trevor unless you do not want to stay . Pete think about it -- pete Fine . go ahead . trevor come behind Pete . tye the blindfold over he eye . cinch it tight . Pete 's eye be completely cover . no way he can see the board . before they start , trevor quietly turn the board 180 degree . it 's now upside down for Pete , and he 's unaware . trevor okay , Pete . we be start . the four friend reach in and put they hand on the planchette . Pete blindly feel out and touch the planchette with he bandage hand . he 's the last one in . quiet beat on the ouija ... then , a twitch of the planchette . it move . like before , slide across the board to the letter '' D . '' laine and the other silently take note ... then a suspicious glance at Pete with he blindfold . laine turn she eye back to the board . 48 . laine Debbie , we want to help you . who be you play with ? who be with you the night you die ? the planchette slightly vibrate under they finger ... then quickly slide all the way off the board . sarah whoa . what do that mean ? trevor because he can not see . so he 's just slide it off the board -- pete -- I do not do that -- laine -- trevor . stop . laine move the planchette back onto the board . laine ( cont ’d ) give we a name . who be you with ? the planchette just sit there . everyone stare . laine take a breath , try a new approach . laine ( cont ’d ) if you do not want to say right now , I understand . how about something else ? just so we know it 's you . the planchette remain still . laine ( cont ’d ) the other night , you move everything around in my room . a beat ... and then the planchette slide to yes . laine exchange a look with she little sister . see the fear on she face . laine ( cont 'd ) you really scared Sarah . let 's not do that anymore . the planchette start to move . h-a-h-a . sarah ' ha ha ... 's laine suddenly do not feel right about this game . something be off . 49 . laine Debbie . the clock downstairs ... remember how it get break ? the planchette just sit there . laine ( cont ’d ) ... when we be kid . trevor ( under he breath ) what be you do ? laine do not answer . focus on the board . laine who break the clock ? the planchette hesitates . then spell : m-e laine look up at the other -- laine ( cont 'd ) I be the one who break the clock . it 's not she ... ( beat ) this be not Debbie . suddenly , we 're across the room . watch the player from a lurking perspective . behind Debbie 's bedside table . the lantern right in front of we move . just a inch . the player do not notice ... focus on the game . the lantern move again . slowly slide . it inch across the table and -- -- crash ! everyone spin at the sudden sound and see the fall lamp on the floor . pete what the hell be that ? trevor in particular seem alarmed by the incident . he turn back to look at the blindfolded Pete ... suddenly not so sure of he belief anymore . laine turn back to the planchette . the air feel thick . she ask in a cautious tone -- laine who be this ? like before , the planchette slide to ' D '... stop for a moment , and then keep go . over to ' Z . ' laine ( cont 'd ) ' dz . ' we do not know you . we want to talk to Debbie . 50 . quick movement across the board . letter appear in the planchette window : 2 B ad isabelle ' too bad . 's laine do Debbie make contact with you ? the board spell out -- m-y-f-r-e-n-d. trevor ' my friend . ' a sick realization set into trevor 's expression . trevor ( cont ’d ) wait . be this who Debbie be talk about ? this be the friend . ease in on laine ... a rise sense of urgency in she question amidst the revelation -- laine when the five of we play before ... that be you ? planchette slide to yes . move around the circle of player . a beat on each of they face ... now connect to this game more than ever . laine ( cont 'd ) and the night Debbie die ... she be play the game . she be talk to you . close on the planchette . totally still ... and then it start to vibrate hard . literally rattling against the board . everyone stare , keep they finger in place . this be something new . Pete sit there with he blindfold in place . get tense at only be able to hear . laine ( cont ’d ) do you kill she ? the light from the surround lantern begin to brighten . a low groaning SOUND come from somewhere deep in the house . Pete rip the blindfold off . can not take it anymore . desperate to see what 's go on . isabelle close she eye , say a prayer to herself . 51 . isabelle please forgive we for what we have do ... but laine keep press . have to know the truth . laine do you kill Debbie ? the planchette shoot over to yes . the light brighten even more on everyone 's stunne face . that inhuman groaning SOUND in the house come from all direction ! laine ( cont 'd ) what do you want ? tell we ! the planchette zig - zag from letter to letter around the board . a new message -- fnshgme laine ( cont ’d ) Debbie have the same message in she journal . I do not know what it mean --— Pete look sick because he figure it out -- pete ' finish game . ' that two simple word say out loud -- and the game feel more ominous than ever . the player squint against the impossible bright light . the planchette rattling like hell under there finger ! isabelle be the first to bail . she yank she hand away and scramble back from the board . all of they now pull they hand away ... back away as blind light fill the room . laine 's the last one at the board . she pull she hand away -- -- and the planchette be still moving . by itself ! it 's like a live thing twitching on the floor . sarah laine -- get away from it ! but she can not pull herself away , shouting at the ouija board -- laine we be do ! do you hear I ? we be not play the game anymore ! 52 . she watch as the planchette skitter to the bottom of the board , and then slowly grind across the word that be print there . we hold very close as it move letter to letter : good bye laine stare as the overhead light suddenly come on . grow brighter along with the other light . blinding . it pop ! Glass shower down . Pete pull laine away from the fall glass . both of they now safely against the wall . lantern bulb suddenly pop and break -- the entire bedroom fall into pitch darkness . we hear the commotion of everyone scream in panic . hard CUT to -- ext . empty lot - night at the edge of the neighborhood ... a dark vacant lot . in the distance , the group stand around a small fire . closer with they . some newspaper and a few dry branch burn . Orange light flicker on everyone 's haunt face . isabelle what be that -- the fire crackle . no one else say anything . too rattle . trevor have a little flask out . coil tight as he take a sip . but isabelle have to talk this out loud , processing -- isabelle ( cont 'd ) I mean ... Debbie make contact with something evil . you could feel it , right ? like it be all over you skin ... laine iz , it 's okay -- isabelle -- it 's not okay ! because when she play she open the wrong door or something . the game be just sit there -- wait for we . sarah please . stop. talk . but isabelle be lose in she own thought . in tear now . word tumble out -- 53. isabelle -- and then we touch it ! we be all connect now to whatever the hell it be ! it get Debbie and now it 's go to get we ! -- sarah -- shut up ! just shut up ! pete no . it 's over . everyone look over at Pete -- as he toss the ouija board on top of the fire . the board start to catch , curling at the edge . pete ( cont 'd ) the board 's go . the ouija board be now fully consume by the fire . the word good bye blister and bubble in the heat . isabelle wipe she eye ... try to come down . Sarah stand next to she big sister , as laine poke at the burn ouija board with a stick . Silent , trevor take another sip from he flask , gaze into the flame . the fire pop . Pete stare up ... watch the orange spark as they float into the night sky . dissolve to : ext . high school - day beginning of the day . Cars pull in the school lot . Sarah , laine and isabelle walk toward the school . Silent . no one 's in the mood to talk . trevor lock he bike to the rack . see laine approach , but he head off . wo not even look at she . something 's forever change between they . int . high school - cafeteria - day laine eat by herself . she look off , she eye catch -- pete . sitting a few table away with a couple other of he '' type . '' he happen to glance over -- see laine . he give she a slight wave . but it 's tinged with some sadness . everyone back to they usual high school role . laine return the wave . but she feel the distance too . 54 . Pete watch for a moment ... student pass in front of he view ... as he go back to he lunch . ext . neighborhood STREET - day the sun start to fade on laine and Sarah 's house . int . laine and sarah 's house - night laine come down the stair , round the corner ... and stop . visibly surprised by something . reveal -- Sarah in the kitchen cooking dinner . she 's even set the table . a light candle flicker . it look nice . off laine 's reaction -- sarah no big deal . I have make dinner before . int . dine room - night - later laine and Sarah eat . laine try to hide how bad it taste . laine this fish be good . sarah it 's chicken . Sarah glance at laine and they laugh . a beat ... sarah ( cont 'd ) I break up with that guy . laine nod . know not to lecture . sarah ( cont 'd ) I be gonna get my shit together . stop skip . nose to the grindstone and all that . a second chance , you know . this word be a such a relief to laine . laine I be really proud of you , Worm . sarah c'mon . do not get all corny on I . a smile as the two sister keep eat . no more word need to be say . 55 . int . laine 's bedroom - night laine 's at she desk . linger on the black and white photo of she Debbie . she glance over ... notice the little keychain figure . see that the penguin 's head be come loose from the body . laine pull on the head . it come off to reveal ... the keychain toy be actually a flash drive . laine now have Debbie 's flash drive plugge into she computer . she click through folder . search . open up a folder call let' play that contain various video file . beat . laine click and open up the first file . before we see the image , we hear familiar word -- laine and debbie ( 0.s. ) as friend we have gather , heart be true . spirit near , we call to you . on screen . laptop cam Pov . we recognize the tree mural of Debbie 's room . laine sit with Debbie on the bed . hanging out . they have the ouija board between they . the footage feel very recent . debbie be blake ever go to actually ask I out -- or will he just keep send I naughty text ? both girl have they hand on the planchette . it start to move -- jerky . laine okay . you be be a spaz . debbie that 's not I -- laine -- yeah , right . the planchette slide to no . Debbie cut a look at laine . debbie hey -- you be suppose to give I the answer I want to hear -- laine -- I do not do that . debbie I guess you do not think he 's right for I -- 56 . laine -- move on . my turn . laine turn she attention to the board . laine ( cont 'd ) ouija . JI hear a rumor that Debbie be not come with I to college next year . be that true ? Debbie hesitates . then visibly push the planchette to yes . laine take she hand off the planchette . laine ( cont 'd ) when be you go to tell I ? debbie I be try to find the right time . listen -- I be glad you know now because I have be die to share this with you . I get this amazing opportunity for a photography internship in Spain -- laine -- but we be go to room together and everything . we have a whole plan . debbie it 's just for a year -- laine -- I can not believe you be do the to I . Debbie seem crush by laine 's reaction . debbie I be hope you would be excited . that I land this , you know . I have always be then there for you . on laine as she watch . reliving this moment . the regret play across she face as we hear the argument on the video escalate . they voice get louder . back on the video -- laine get up . feeling totally abandon by Debbie . laine but you be leave I behind -- debbie -- you be my best friend . this do not change anything between we -- 57 . laine it change everything ! laine storm out of frame . Debbie be stunne . debbie laine -- please . let 's talk about this ! Debbie follow . voice continue off . Long beat . the ouija sit there . Debbie return . climb back onto she bed . upset . she regards the board ... position it in front of she . put she fingertip on the planchette . talk to herself , fight tear about the argument -- debbie ( cont 'd ) question : be laine go to keep act like such a little bitch ? beat . the planchette twitches . familiar . slide to a answer . not in a way that look like Debbie move it , but that it 's really work . it 's obvious by Debbie 's expression that she 's startle by the moment . debbie ( cont 'd ) okay . that do not just happen . Debbie reach toward the laptop camera Pov -- click . switch the image off . on laine -- she open the next file in Debbie 's folder . on screen . computer cam Pov . back in Debbie 's room . the ouija board be set up on the floor . camera adjust down a bit as debbie lean into the frame . debbie ( cont 'd ) something very weird happen yesterday . so I be do a little test ... Debbie sit down at the ouija board . alone . Debbie look right at we ... as if talk directly to laine . debbie ( cont 'd ) I know . I know . never play alone . but I need to make sure I be not lose it . Debbie put she fingertip on the planchette and circle the board . once. 58 . debbie ( cont 'd ) want to see if you be out there ... whoever be here last night . on laine -- watch the footage intently . she turn the volume up . debbie have she eye close ... finger on the planchette . everything totally still . nothing happen . footage fast forward to further in the game . Debbie still sit there with she eye close . and then the planchette start to move . the video stop , rewind a few second then resume play . the planchette now move around the board . spell -- h I F R ew D Debbie stare -- amaze . she 's make contact . debbie ( cont 'd ) whoa . hi friend . laine be visibly unnerve . see this evidence . know the fateful path she friend be head down by play the game alone . a series of shot as laine go through Debbie 's file . more clip as the various game progress -- Debbie . another day . debbie ( cont 'd ) tell I you name . the planchette slide to '' D . " debbie ( cont 'd ) ' d.' okay . not D ' what ? the planchette move fast to another letter -- " Z . " debbie ' dz . ' hey deezee . cool name . laine -- she mind churn . whisper -- laine d.z. -- who be that ? glimpsis of other footage . another game . Debbie have develop a bond with this '' dz spirit . '' she be so at ease . talk to the board like she 's in a confessional -- 59 . debbie .-- it 's my birthday today and you know what ? she do not even call . so the big plan be dinner with my parent ... I be such a loser . different clip . another bit of dialogue ... debbie ( cont 'd ) ... the locker next to mine ... see I be 306 ... and he 's 305 but he 's get a girlfriend ... on laine watch the tape . realizing -- laine my God ... she tell it everything . on debbie . she 's tentative . put herself out there ... debbie you be my friend . right ... dz ? the planchette slide quickly to : b-e-s- T debbie ( cont 'd ) best friend . cool . since I be be completely blow off . now she will not even answer my text . I mean ... we have be friend we whole life . guess I do not exist anymore . on laine as the color drain from she face . she watch as the planchette spell out : n-a-m- E debbie her name ? laine. ( beat ) hey . you know the future , d.z. right ? will we be friend again ... I and laine ? the planchette fall totally still . on laine as she watch . not take a breath . and then the planchette slowly start to drag across the board with a eerie scraping sound . the planchette move until it land on -- yes . debbie I know it . laine swallow at the mention of she own name . click the next file -- 60 . now -- a different clip . Debbie 's dark room . we hear she breathing , have just quickly grab and turn on she camera . Frame adjust . the sound of something move in she room . debbie ( cont 'd ) something 's move ... what be that -- a loud scrape . heavy across the floor . Debbie turn on she lamp , catch the last bit of movement as a chair in she room slide by itself against the door . hold . all we hear be Debbie 's breathing . another clip . Debbie stand in she bathroom mirror , hold the camera in one hand , pull she shirt off she shoulder with the other . there 's some kind of dark MARK come up over the top of she shoulder . she keep the camera aim at the mirror , turn around so she can see she back ... and there 's a much larger MARK across she shoulder blade . like something smear on she skin . debbie ( cont 'd ) .-- the hell 's happen to I ...? Debbie wipe at it with she hand . it come off on she finger , a dark ash - like substance . another clip . debbie be back at the ouija board . debbie ( cont 'd ) let 's start a new game . how do that sound ? okay . good . here we go . as friend we have gather ... ( if it sound familiar , it 's because we be now see the computer cam Pov of what we hear in the open scene ... ) debbie ( cont 'd ) it be fun for a while , when we first start play . but ... I feel like you have change . ( beat ) I mean , you be still my friend , right ? the planchette skid down the board to the word good bye and slowly scrape across the letter ( just like it do in laine 's last game ) . debbie' look right into the camera , voice trembling -— - — debbie ( cont 'd ) this be we last game . I be not play ever again ! get out of my room ! 61 . laine keep watching ... horrify by Debbie 's rise fear . Debbie get up from the ouija board and walk out of frame . hold here . the sound of Debbie open she bedroom door . footstep head down the hall . everything very still -- -- but in the background ... a glass of water begin to eerily slide across Debbie 's desk . image glitch then shut off . laine sit there stare at the blank screen . a SOUND . she slowly glance over ... a glass of water on she own desk . beat . and then it slide . just like on the video . come toward she . smooth and steady . stop right in front of she . then nothing . silence . and then -- -- her whole room erupt ! thing hurling off the shelve . so sudden and intense . her laptop go slide across the desk and fly into the wall . laine scream ! jump to she foot as Sarah rush into the room . breathless . Sarah take in the destruction with terror in she eye . she and laine trade a sick look . sarah the game ... laine -.. it 's not over . ext . diner - night the restaurant sit like a island amidst the surround empty parking lot . we see isabelle through the window ... close up , put chair up on the table as the last two customer leave . int . diner - night isabelle have the restaurant phone against she ear as she close out the register . isabelle .»» - yeah . dad , I get it . I know to lock you office before I leave . okay . I x11 be home in a bit . she hang up . go over to the wall and turn out a bank of light . the restaurant falling dark . isabelle gather she purse from the counter , pull key out when she suddenly startle -- because someone have be sit in the far corner booth this whole time . back turn . in the shadow . 62. isabelle call out -- isabelle ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , but we be close up . the figure do not move . do not speak . from the shadow , all we can see be two little glint where the eye would be . isabelle be suddenly weak with fear . isabelle ( cont 'd ) do you hear I ? we be close . but the figure -- just . sit . there . isabelle move cautiously -- grab a knife from the counter and hit the light . bam ! no_one be there . Booth empty . isabelle scan the restaurant -- but she 's alone . she set the knife down . key jingle in she hand . ready to get out of here . she move for the door ... and stop . she stand at the daily special board . frozen . the letter have be rearrange , spelling out : fnish game hand tremble , isabelle pull she phone from she purse ... take a photo of the fnish game message ... as if to prove to herself that this be really happen . int . isabelle 's car - night isabelle pull she door close . freak out . she glance in the rear-view and notice something on she neck . tilt the mirror down for a better look -- -- to see a dark MARK across she neck ... similar to what we see on the video of Debbie stand at she bathroom mirror . five long steak down she skin , a larger smudge at the bottom . it look like a strange handprint . isabelle stare . touches it . Black residue come off on she finger . panic surging . ext . road - night isabelle 's car speed down the desert late night street . int . isabelle 's car - night a heavy condensation have build up on the windshield . isabelle hit the defrost just as she cell phone on the passenger seat start ringing . isabelle glance over at the caller id screen -- it 's laine . she 63 . reach for the phone just as the light turn red . she hit the brake and the cell phone sliiide off the seat -- slip into the darkness underneath the passenger seat . ext . isabelle shit . intersection - night isabelle be the only car at the intersection . engine idle ... red traffic light bleed through the night haze . int . isabelle 's car - night isabelle put the car in park . the phone keep ringing as she lean over ... feel around under the seat for it . and while she 's down ... we notice a light pole outside the car slow start moving . as if somehow -- impossibly -- the rest of the world be slide past the stationary car . the pole keep move ... out of view . isabelle finally find she phone , sit up -- and something do not feel right . she look out she window to see -- -- that her car now sit smack DAB in the middle of the intersection . move here without she even feel it . and isabelle what ... the ... as she turn back to the front , isabelle see something write in the condensation on the windshield -- hi frend totally frantic , isabelle turn . look out every window into the empty intersection . who the hell do that ?! she hit the windshield wiper , desperate to get rid of that finger write message . the wiper squeeak back and forth against the glass -- but the letter remain . isabelle reach out and run she hand across the word and to she horror ... it wipe away . it be write on the inside of the car ! her eye shoot to the rear-view mirror . check the back . nobody there . just she coat laid across the back seat ... ... but something start to move under she coat . isabelle keep she eye glue to the mirror . do not dare turn around . she keep watch in disbelief and horror as a figure take form under she coat . 64 . isabelle fumble with the door but she can not get out . stuck in the car . she shoot another glance to the rear-view -- -- as a head emerge from under the coat . can not see a face . just a dark awful shape . isabelle struggle with she door . scream . unaware that light be rise on she from the opposite direction . a fast approach blare of a horn . isabelle turn -- squint into the blinding light -- -- smash ! her car be literally swept out of frame ! we hold forever on the sudden empty space of the intersection ... as the night fall quiet again . int . laine 's car - night laine and Sarah drive . urgent . Sarah 's on the cell phone . sarah trevor 's not answer . laine isabelle 's probably still close up -- I already texted she . when we get there we will try everyone again . flashing light slowly rise across they face . laine bring the car to a stop . both sister look out the windshield . ext . road - night laine 's out of the car . Sarah close behind . laine start to hurry toward the red spin light . remnant of the accident come into view . Broken glass on the road . emergency vehicle . isabelle 's smashed car . laine move faster , and now see -- -- a sheet cover body on a stretcher ... load into the back of a ambulance . laine stop in she track . shatter . laine no ... no ... this be not happen . laine stagger back from the scene . Sarah stand on the road , cry . beside herself . laine can barely breathe . slowly spin . wish something could make sense to she right now . there 's a buz sound in the tall grass on the side of the road . something glow . 65 . numb ... laine walk toward it . reaches down into the grass ... and find isabelle 's cell phone . flung from the vehicle during the accident . a smear of blood across the screen : 1 missed text - laine laine start go through the phone . anything that can help she find out what happen . she look at the recent photo . scroll through they . fun shot . lot of pic of isabelle and laine be silly . then laine stop . it 's the photo of the menu board at the restaurant , the message from earlier that night -- laine ( cont ’d ) finish game .... pull up from laine and sarah on the road ... the red light sweeping across they with a creep menace and we go -- blurry pixel of light . voice . pulling back -- we see that it 's the video of laine and Debbie play the ouija in Debbie 's room . int . laine 's room - night very late . laine sit at she computer . watch the footage . still numb from isabelle 's death . on the computer screen -- debbie be blake ever go to actually ask I out -- or will he just keep send I naughty text ? both girl have they hand on the planchette . it start to move -- jerky . laine okay . you be be a spaz . debbie that 's not I -- laine -- yeah , right . laine stop . rewind . watch that moment again . the jerky familiar movement of the planchette . she rewind again . play that few second over . watch closely . it 's clear now that Debbie 's not move the planchette . there 's a strange blur on the screen . laine enlarge the video image on she computer . closer . there 's laine 's hand , Debbie 's hand -- and a third ghostly hand also visible . touch the planchette . 66 . laine freeze the image , thunderstruck by this new understanding . this be the actual first moment of contact with the spirit ... and she be part of it . close on a door . we do not know where we be . someone knock . beat . footstep on the other side . click . the door unlock and open a bit . it 's laine 's grandmother nona . look now with concern at -- -- laine in the hallway . her eye plead for help . int . nona' apartment - day early morning . laine and nona sit across from each other . nona this be about the talk board ... the one that be in you room . laine yes . nona what have you do ? laine something very bad . I do not listen to you . nona and Sarah ... she 's part of this as well ? laine nod -- ' yes , both of we . ' nona take a heavy breath . her word come carefully -- nona ( cont ’d ) most of we -- we spirit -- move on when we die . but for some , they remain very close to this world . if one of the live decide in they heart to reach out and find someone on the other side , a connection can be make to that place . but to use such mean can be a danger . you may knock , but it be uncertain who will answer . there be some spirit trap in a place of darkness and anger ... forever seek a way back into we world . it be possible that this entity you have be speak with be someone who be evil in life ... and now evil in the afterlife . 67 . it 's almost too much for laine to take in . laine what can I do ? beat ... nona reach out and take laine 's hand . nona walk backwards in you footstep -- to the beginning . there you can return thing to where they be . ( beat ) you have open a door to this other side , now you must close it . ext . high school - day Front of the school . the flag sit at half - mast against a gray morning sky . int . high school hallway - day at isabelle 's locker . a bunch of student have gather . many flower place in the hallway . Notes tape to the locker . the air heavy with the grief and shock of the death of another student . laine and Sarah approach . trevor 's already there . he seem lose in he shock , unravel . laine step close to trevor . just for he to hear -- laine -- I be go back through a video of I and Debbie with the ouija . I have no idea ... that all of this start when Debbie and I play together that last time . ( beat ) I be go to fix this , trevor . trevor stare at she for a long moment . his eye unreadable . laine pull out isabelle 's phone , show trevor the ' fnish game 's photo . laine ( cont ’d ) that message . ' finish game . Debbie get it too . she never figure out how to end it . but we can . and then this be over . trevor you make we play . trevor 's tone be so cold . 68 . trevor ( cont ’d ) this d.z. kill Debbie -- kill isabelle . it 's come for all of we -- laine -- we can stop it . trevor suddenly explode . trevor you think you can do something ? there 's nothing . nothing we can do to stop it ! student turn . now watch laine and trevor . not understanding . Pete approach , try to ease the situation . pete whoa -- trevor . calm down . suddenly trevor punch Pete and slam he against the locker . laine and Sarah scream out in shock . trevor so who 's next ?! you ! I ?! the teacher mr . satlof hurry over to break up the fight . mr . satlof guy -- hey , knock it off ! laine be too paralyze to even cry . her world fall apart . trevor let go of Pete , push through the crowd of student and take off down the hall . Pete wipe he face with he hand . bleed from the nose . laine reach out to help he but he wave she off with a embarrassed look -- '' I be fine . '' and then he head off as well from the scene . moment later . the hallway have clear . Mr. satlof stand with laine . she look stunne . totally lose . she can not even make eye contact . mr . satlof ( cont ’d ) lose two friend in such a short time -- emotion be all over the place right now . as we slowly ease in on laine 's face ... 69 . mr . satlof ( cont ’d ) you need to talk to a counselor . it 's go to take a while to feel normal again , but you will overcome this , laine . there 's so much life ahead for you . laine glance up at Mr. satlof for the first time . vibrating with urgency . laine you be wrong . there 's no time leave . int . high school auditorium - day empty auditorium . mostly dark . a couple of work light on stage reveal paint scenery flat for a school production . laine wander out onto the stage , look around for Pete . a voice come through the sound system . pete ( 0.s. ) if you be look for I , I be up here . laine squint against the light and see Pete in a enclose sound booth in the back of the auditorium . int . high school auditorium - SOUND booth - day laine enter the small black - out space of the sound booth . the inner domain of the theater ' tech crew 's guy . mixing console . cable bundle . laine finally break the silence -- laine earlier , with trevor -- pete -- he 's scared . we all be . laine 's mind be run on fume at this point . laine the last page in Debbie 's journal . she know she be in danger . what be she try to do in that final game ? off they look -- close on a computer screen . Internet search about the ouija . click through page . '' Real encounter of the Supernatural . '' '' ouija : myth or Magic ? '' 70 . int . high school auditorium - SOUND booth - day laine and Pete be on the computer . look for anything that might help they . it 's all basic info . laine nothing . same stuff on all the site . laine get up . she go to the window that look out into the auditorium . everything feel like a dead end . Pete stay at the computer . he type . click . type again . click . start read something on the screen -- pete hey . come look at this . there 's now a paranormal website pull up on the computer . pete ( cont 'd ) I enter ' ouija 's and the initial ' d.z. 's into a search and this be what come up . I guess this happen a while back . laine click into a article . the headline : '' Friends die in tragic House Fire . '' she start to read -- laine ' investigator never find a cause for a fire that take the life of three high school student while they sleep . 's as laine read , we glimpse accompany photo ( circa early 80' ) that be on the webpage . Three teenage girl hang out in a bedroom . make face . and play a ouija . laine ( cont ’d ) ' but there be rumor that the girl have be play with a ouija board . 's pete ' other friend from school confirm the report . and that the name of the spirit during contact go by the initial d.z . 's hear that same initial , it 's like laine have the wind knock out of she . laine this have happen before ... Pete keep read -- 71 . pete ' in we research , this initial have appear in other instance in which player suffer various outcome ... sudden death due to unexplain accident ... case where people simply vanish ... never see again -- 's laine click on another photo on the website . FIRE investigator sifting through the remain of the burn down house . laine click another photo of the destruction -- and notice something . she enlarge the image . there -- amidst the char remain of the house -- a ouija board . uncannily undamage by the fire . and then another photo of the back of the board . another photo . a black smudge on the back of the board . the shape ... it look like a handprint . laine turn to Pete , she nerve shred . he 's on the same wavelength . the world feel like it 's close in on they . laine my god . ' finish game . 's I think it be a message -- something we have to do to end this . but it 's he pattern . d.z. kill all the player . and then he 's finish . move on to the next game ... pete .--- and it start all over again . int . high school classroom - day light be off . a teacher lecture at the front of the room , project science chart on a screen . drift down a row of desk to Sarah sit in the far back . a empty desk behind she . Sarah 's find it hard to pay attention to the lecture . her thought stray . she set she pen down . close she eye . take a breath . try to tune thing out , but something do not feel right . Sarah open she eye . the dim light in the classroom shift as the teacher advance to another chart . Sarah glance down at she desk . her pen sit there . beat ... and then it twitches . 72 . she keep stare . maybe that do not just happen . everything be very still ... the dron voice of the teacher at the front of the class ... and the pen twitches again . very slowly , as if be move by some unseen force , it start to slide across she desk . Sarah watch in disbelief . can not pull she eye away . this seem impossible and yet it 's happen . right here in class ! the pen continue its eerie drift from one side of she desk to the other . she look over at the student across the aisle from she ... wonder if anyone else be see this . but the guy have he eye up front . take note . back on sarah ... stare ... the pen still move like some kind of dreamy time - lapse . click . another projection chart . and in the momentary shift of the light ... we see that someone -- a out - of - focus figure -- be now sit in that last desk behind Sarah that be empty just moment ago . Sarah do not notice , entrance by the pen as it edge closer and closer toward she hand . behind her . the dark figure slightly tilt he head . cold glint where the eye should be ... just like the glimpse of what we see in the back seat of isabelle 's car . on sarah' desk ... as the pen finish its way across the desk ... and then quickly slip right into Sarah 's hand . the dark figure behind her -- lean in closer , suddenly -- Sarah 's hand jerk across the desk as she start scrawling jagged letter out on the cover of her notebook . Pen snap . ink smear . and Sarah can not control it . she can barely speak -- sarah help ... somebody help I . Sarah frantically look around the classroom . it 's all shadow . no one notice she . the teacher lecture . the hum of the projector . everything so far away . like Sarah 's desk be in a separate dimension . the pen scratch into the notebook . more letter be scrawle out in messy smear of ink . can not see what it say in the dark . Sarah 's literally cry . so helpless . Fighting to resist -- but there 's nothing she can do . finally , she hand come to a stop . her pen drop and clatter to the floor . 73 . frozen beat . and now Sarah feel it . someone sit behind she . she slowly turn around in she seat ... dare a glance back ... see something we do not see . her eye go wide -- -- and then whoosh !! her whole desk slide across the floor of the classroom ! smashing hard into a wall . instant commotion in the class . the light be still off . dim light from the projector . student try to see what happen . Sarah 's tumped over on the floor . her wild eye shoot to the desk that be behind she -- and it 's empty . no one sit there . teacher's voice call out -- teacher Sarah , what the hell 's go on back there ?! everyone settle down . Sarah grab she notebook and scramble up . move through the dark toward the door . have to get out of here now . int . high school hallway - day Sarah burst from the classroom -- right into laine and pete in the hallway . laine see how panicked she sister be . the tear on she face . and Sarah keep look back at the classroom door . laine Sarah , what be it -- sarah -- he 's here . pete wait . what happen ? Sarah 's look everywhere . paranoid . do not even feel safe stand in the hallway . sarah he 's here . follow we wherever we go . laine glimpsis Sarah 's notebook clutch in she arm -- the jag carve letter . she gently take the notebook from Sarah . it do not look like anything , until she turn it upside down . a message -- finsh game and now in the light , Sarah finally see the message as well . she stare with a sick look . 74 . ext . vacant lot - dusk the empty neighborhood lot . trevor sit at the curb next to he bike . he check he cell phone , look up as Pete 's car pull up across the street . laine get out of the car and approach . Pete and Sarah hang back , give they some space . trevor get you text . ( beat ) hey , that thing I say ... laine you be here now . that 's all that matter . trevor so ... why be we here ? ext . vacant lot - dusk long shot . in the fade light of day , laine , trevor , Pete and Sarah walk through the tall dead grass ... head toward the spot where they burn the ouija board . Sarah stop . do not want to go any further . laine continue on ... walk up to a spot in the dirt . Black char bit of wood and grey ash . remnant from the fire . laine lean down , brushes away the ash . Pete and trevor stand over she shoulder ... watch . laine keep sweeping the ash away with she hand ... a familiar antique font alphabet appear underneath . it 's the ouija board . totally intact . as if the fire never touch it . the planchette too . not burn . it 's perfect . everyone stare . it 's a nightmare they can not escape . laine stand with the board in she hand . beat . she turn it over . and there 's a black smudge on the back . that same creepy handprint we glimpse in the ouija internet article . laine I see this before . on Debbie 's video ... she be stand in the mirror . something be on she skin . it be this . a handprint . his handprint . ( beat ) be that what he 's do ? marking we . telling we who 's next . 75 . Pete , trevor and laine check themselves . nothing . and then laine look over at Sarah ... stand there with she sleeve pull to she wrist . laine do not even need to say anything . sarah do not make I look . I do not want to know ... laine come over ... gently pull one of Sarah 's sleeve up . nothing there . pull the other one up ... and there 's the dark handprint on she forearm . sarah ( cont 'd ) I be next . I be go to die ... Sarah frantically try to wipe away the black handprint . she 's totally lose it . laine take she sister 's face ... try to calm she . laine no . I will not let that happen . we have to play one last time and then it 's over . do you trust I ? Sarah hold the look with laine -- nod . ext . debbie 's house - dusk Sun set . tree casting long shadow . ease in on the dark window ... int . debbie 's house - continuous the downstairs be totally still for a long beat ... then a figure move through the shadow house . stepping through the break mirror shard on the floorboard . it 's debbie 's mother . she walk slowly . eye search . expectant . she freeze at hearing a dull sliding sound come from upstairs . mrs . galardi Debbie ? int . debbie 's house - stair - moment later Debbie 's mother stand at the bottom of the stair look up . she reach for the handrail and begin to head up ... pass photo of she daughter along the wall . Debbie 's face distort by the shadow on the glass as she pass . mrs . galardi be you here , baby ? let I see you -- I need to see you . from upstairs ... that dull sliding sound again . 76 . Mrs. galardi keep move up the stairway . suddenly , she stop . gasp at the sight of -- -- a dark figure stand at the very top of the stair by the wall . the face be conceal with one of Debbie 's paint theatre mask . Mrs. galardi smile in astonishment . her eye alive . mrs . galardi ( cont 'd ) I know it . I know you be here . the figure just stand there . not move . Mrs. galardi continue up the stair , almost to the top ... now just inch away from the figure . mrs . galardi ( cont ’d ) I want to see that beautiful face .+. just once more . Mrs. galardi reach out with tremble hand and slowly begin to lift the mask . we do not see what she see -- -- as the smile fade from she face . Mrs. galardi stare with the most devastating expression of dawn horror . and then it 's as if she simply can not take what she 's look at and she scream . lose she foot on the stair . suddenly stumble backward -- ext . debbie 's house - night Pete 's car pull up . everyone get out , but laine instantly see something that make she face fall -- mrs . galardi 's empty car . park out in front of Debbie 's house like before . Driver 's side door wide open . laine turn -- see that the front door be crack open . she hurry toward the house . int . debbie 's house - night laine move past the same bit of break mirror on the floor . scan the dark . the house absolutely silent . laine keep go . she round the corner to the stair ... glance up to see that they be empty . beat ... about to move on ... look down -- and there 's that mask at the bottom of the step . icy beat . laine stare . reaches down to pick it up -- -- when someone suddenly grab her arm ! laine stagger in shock . it 's mrs . galardi . crawl out from the shadow . daze and hurt from a bad fall down the stair . grabbing onto laine in a blind panic . 77 . laine kneel down with Mrs. galardi . laine it 's alright . I be here . I be right here . but Mrs. galardi keep stare up at the top of the stair . mrs . galardi -- not alone -- she be not alone -- laine hang on , hang on -- I be go to call for help . and now Debbie 's mother raise a arm and point up . laine turn in that direction ... look toward the top of the stair . but it 's just emptiness up there . dissolve to : ext . debbie 's house - night silent and dream -like . laine in the street , talk with a police officer . answer question . mrs. galardi be load into a ambulance . Doors shut . through the ambulance door as it pull away . look out at laine through the back window ... get smaller as she stand there in the street . ext . debbie' house - backyard - night laine enter the backyard . the other be already here . wait . the mood be so grim . laine she hit she head pretty hard . they think she fall down the stair . but she 's 1ll be okay . pete d.z. do that to she . because it do not want anyone else in the house . sarah only we ... laine caminar hacia atrd en las huella , al principio . trevor what do that mean ? Sarah trade a look with laine . 78 . sarah ' walk backwards in we footstep . 's laine it 's how we stop he . they turn and look up at the dark house , know they have to go inside . a night wind start to rise as we go -- Pov of trevor' video camera . set up like before . same angle on the ouija board . int . debbie 's room - night just like the previous game , everyone be in place around the ouija board . but now -- only four player instead of five . one by one , each player put they fingertip on the planchette . laine offer a final caution -- laine what we all do to make contact , we now have to do in reverse . that 's how we close the door . ( beat ) no matter what happen , do not take you hand away . the air be absolutely electric . laine begin , say the word we have hear before , but backwards -- laine ( cont 'd ) you to call ... we near spirit ... ... true be heart ... gather ... we have friend ... as ... everything 's quiet . laine glance at the other . laine ( cont ’d ) now four time around the board . one for each of we . backward . together they circle the board -- counter - clockwise -- with the planchette . very cautiously . complete a full cycle . sarah okay . one down ... laine keep go ... hope rise . they start the second circle , and the planchette start to vibrate and rattle against the surface of the board . pete it 's d.z. 79 . they keep push at the planchette , but it 's as if the piece be suddenly heavy . hard to move . pete ( cont 'd ) he 's push back . there 's a deep , low groan somewhere in the house . video camera angle -- eye dart . everyone hear that . trevor he know what we be do . laine do not stop . the image glitch -- like we see before when laine be watch the footage of Debbie 's game . and in the momentary distortion , beyond the four player sit around the board ... there be another presence in the shadow . back with the group -- fingertip pushing . vein in hand strain . the planchette finally finish the second circle . that otherworldly groan in the house -- louder ! sound as if it 's move behind the wall . across the ceiling . sarah two more . c’mon c’mon c’mon -- they start to move the planchette -- and somewhere in the darkness a door slam ! the sound thunder through the house . trevor it 's not work ... it 's not work ... laine goddammit . focus . ( call out into the room ) d.z. -- we know you be here . we be end the game ! and everyone keep pushing the planchette as it seem to literally fight against they effort . the third circle complete . on to the last ... laine ( cont ’d ) we can do this . 80 . the planchette inch ... slowly move ... the ungodly noise in the house rise -- louder -- the planchette finish the fourth and final circle around the board . laine ( cont ’d ) hurry . move it to ' good bye 's and we be do . together , they move the planchette toward the word at the bottom of the board -- but it stop . rattling in place . wo not go any further . a incredible force push back against they . the lantern flicker and dim . the groaning SOUND fall away as everything become eerily quiet . laine ( cont ’d ) c’mon ... almost there . a breathless beat -- -- as the lantern softly flicker . faster . now strobe-like . blast of light and then total darkness . over and over . and in that flash -- glimpsis of a fifth person now sitting with the other at the board . a 18 - year - old young man . ghostly . eye fill with menace . it 's d.z . everyone see he . Holy shit ! another flash of light -- and now he 's go . back into darkness . Sarah 's scream suddenly fill the room -- laine look over . face go slack -- -- because sarah' be lifted kicking and scream off the floor ! something shadowy and mostly unseen be behind she -- hold she -- make it look like Sarah 's levitate in the rapid-fire strobe of light . and then -- whoosh ! Sarah go fly across the room . out into the upstair hallway . the bedroom door slamming shut ! pandemonium . everyone scramble up from the floor and run to the door . try to get it open . Sarah scream from the other side -- sarah ( 0.s. ) laine ! help I ! laine hang on ! from the space at the bottom of the door , Sarah 's finger desperately reach out . feeling out onto the floor . 81 . laine crouch down -- hold she sister 's hand while trevor and Pete struggle with the door . laine ( cont ’d ) I get you ! sarah ( 0.s. ) he 's here , laine ! laine hold tight , but now Sarah be totally frantic in the hallway . like she 's not out there alone . her finger slip away ... right out of laine 's grasp . as trevor and Pete finally get the door open -- -- into the hallway . and Sarah 's not there . laine take in the empty hallway . trevor where the hell be she ??!! laine sarah ! no answer . laine grab a flashlight . click . the three of they move down the upstairs hallway . all we can see be they face in the light . up ahead -- the various bedroom door . more darkness within each room . it feel like anything could be wait around the next corner ... the three split up -- they light move away from each other . into room ... down the stair ... int . debbie 's house - parent 's room - night Pete check the parent 's bedroom . search the dark . move fast . everything look so normal . the neatly make bed . vanity table . woman 's dress hang on a armoire . from behind a curtain . hiding from this vantage point . watch Pete search the dark room . back with pete . he turn and notice the curtain . the last place he have not check . he move toward they . reaches out and whip the curtain aside ... ...- but no one 's there . int . debbie 's house - downstair hallway - night light sweep across our vision -- it 's laine . 82 . laine move toward a close door with she light . a low , awful SOUND rise ... laine stop . breathe hard . listen . as the sound move from behind the wall -- scraping overhead -- across the ceiling -- and then off into the house . like a presence pass . quiet again ... laine summon she resolve ... arrive at the close door . beat . she quickly twist the door knob and push into -- the garage . laine shine she light into the dark corner , but Sarah 's not here . laine 's desperation grow . she call out -- laine Sarah ?! can you hear I ? behind she in the hallway -- someone 's now stand there in the shadow . the faintest whispery voice -- voice laaainne ... the figure move . not walk . they eerily slide out of view ... off into the house . laine turn -- not see anyone . elsewhere . with trevor -- head toward the back of the house . lantern sweeping the shadow . no sign of Sarah . trevor swing the light over toward the slide glass door lead to the back . it 's OPEN . he step closer -- ' be Sarah out there ? 's ext . debbie 's house - backyard - night trevor be now out back . night wind blow . leave skittering across the pool cover ... trevor scan the area . his light sweep across patio furniture ... but no sign of Sarah . a SOUND . behind he . trevor turn . holding he light out . everything still . a watery SOUND ... ..-. as a shape move beneath the pool cover . something 's in the water . at first he can not believe it . a trick of the eye . trevor step toward the edge of the pool ... a sick gurgling SOUND ... as the shape move again under the pool cover . 83 . trevor Sarah ! trevor move fast . he reach down ... peel the pool cover back ... brackish water underneath . impossible to see anything as -- -- a explosive splash ! lantern drop to the concrete . -- and trevor be violently pulled into the pool ! disappear under the surface of the water . the pool settles . quiet . stay here for as long as we can get away with . we be now literally hold we breath . wait for trevor to come up ... ...- but he never do . int . debbie 's house - continuous with pete . at the back slide glass door . he hear the soft lap of the pool , look out -- see the fall lantern lie on the concrete ... but no trevor . ext . debbie 's house - backyard - continuous pete run for the pool . arrive at the edge . shine he light down into the dark water . can not see trevor . Pete reach in ... he hand search ... water splash everywhere ... desperate -- -- and then he grab hold of something . pull . it 's trevor . come up out of the water . head sagging . drenched . lifeless . pete no no no ... trevor , c’mon . Pete strain with everything he 's get and manage to hoist trevor out of the pool . lay he on the concrete . trevor do not move at all . Pete put he ear to trevor 's chest ... listen for a heartbeat . his expression say it all -- this be not good . Pete shake trevor . pete ( cont 'd ) trevor -- nothing . trevor 's not move . not breathe . Pete put he hand into cpr position . he pump on trevor 's chest . again . again . -- 84 . -- trevor 's whole body jolt as he cough up water . gasp for breath . eye blink . take in air . he finally focus on Pete . realize he just save he life . Pete hold a look with he -- relieved . int . debbie 's house - bathroom - continuous laine enter a bathroom . clutch she light in the darkness . she scan the small space . no sign of Sarah ... about to leave when -- -- there 's a sound . come from behind the glass shower door . a dull thump ... thump . laine turn . stare at the shower . she wait for the sound to come again , but it 's just silence . she take a step closer . flashlight tremble in she grip . try to see through the opaque shower door glass . another step -- and thump ! something slam against the other side of the glass . a distorted figure . one hand -- then another slam against the glass ! laine freak ! swing she light wildly as -- -- the shower door creak open and the figure stumble out , colliding right into laine ! laine 's light finally settles to see that it 's Sarah . her eye be daze . she look totally disorient . traumatize . laine hold she sister . brush the hair out of she face . Sarah 's so scared , try to get the word out -- sarah he tell I ... her voice fade . eye unable to focus . laine hey . it 's I . Sarah ? it 's laine . be you hurt ? talk to I . Sarah be fall apart . shake all over like she have hypothermia . sarah he 's play with we . laine just breathe . sarah this be the only thing he want ... that taste of life again . ( more ) 85 . sarah ( cont 'd ) he finish with we and then it 's another game . it keep go and go ... ease in on laine -- as she 's suddenly hit with a memory . debbie . on the video . play the ouija alone in she room . debbie let 's start a new game . how do that sound ? okay . good . here we go . SNAP back to laine -- a revelation now clear to she . laine another game ... that 's what she be do . try to protect I ... beat . laine put she flashlight into Sarah 's hand . laine ( cont ’d ) Sarah -- I want you to stay right here . you will be safe . sarah do not leave I . laine I love you . sarah wait , why be you say that -- laine -- no matter what happen , you remember that . okay , Worm ? laine 's pull away ... sarah laine ! but she 's go . hurrying off into the dark house . int . debbie 's room - night the ouija sit on the floor . right where the group leave it . lantern to the side . the board seem larger than life . laine step into the doorway in the background . regards the board . heavy . she come into the room and close the door . lock it . laine kneel down at the ouija . she hesitates -- then place she fingertip on the planchette . 86 . she slowly start to circle the board . clockwise . one time . laine as friend we have gather , heart be true . spirit near , we call to you. ( beat ) d.z. -- if you be here , make you presence know . it 's now clear what laine 's do -- she 's here to play the game alone . suddenly -- a strange Pov . look up at laine through the ouija board . like it 's a window into the room . the letter and word on the board be all backwards . and the sound in this place -- a evil low groaning like a rise storm . back with laine in the shadowy room . laine ( cont ’d ) just tell I that you be here . talk to I . ease in on the planchette . totally still . a twitch under laine 's fingertip . the planchette move . spell out the familiar greeting -- hi frend laine ( cont ’d ) hi friend . then we game have start . ( beat ) I know something about you ... all the game you have play before . the terrible thing you have do . the entire room seem to react with menace . a dull wind in the dark blow against laine . laine ( cont ’d ) you move game to game . one to the next . and now you be play with I . just the two of we . that mean the last game be over . you can not hurt my friend ... can not hurt my sister . not anymore . the planchette rattle on the board . there 's a angry energy in the room . laine ( cont ’d ) but I be here . I be ready . 87 . int . debbie 's house - downstair - night Pete and the still soaking wet trevor hurry through the house . they light catch sight of Sarah . but trevor immediately notice that laine 's absent . trevor where 's laine ? sarah she go upstairs . with a sick realization -- pete she 's with the ouija . alone . int . debbie 's bedroom - night laine be still at the board . finger still in place . the lantern flicker as laine 's hit by a angry uncanny blast of wind . a angry energy fill the room . the closet door swing open . the mirror mount to the inside , reveal laine 's reflection . she gasp at the sight of a prominent large black handprint now on she arm . she have be mark ! and then she see in the reflection -- behind her -- someone stand there . it 's d.%z . he reach out toward she with a strange stutter arm . suddenly -- the mirror crack . spiderweb . a loose shard rattles in the mirror -- then suck away by the wind . fly across the room . the sharp piece slice laine 's cheek . draw blood . there 's pounding on the other side of the door . trevor 's voice faintly yell under the rise chaos in Debbie 's room . whoosh ! Debbie 's shelf slide in front of the door . no one 's get in . laine shoot a look to the door . know she 's trap . bath in a little island of lantern light in the inky black that surround she . this be where she 's go to die . she take a brave breath . close she eye . ready . slowly move down laine to the planchette , rattling on the board -- as other hand reach in . fingertip touch . 88 . laine sense something . open she eye . astonish to see that someone be sit across from she . play the game . it 's a teenage girl . the girl look up with sad eye ... it 's debbie . laine whisper in amazement . totally overcome with emotion to see she old friend sit across from she . laine Debbie ... debbie never play alone , laine . the way Debbie say this word ... so full of regret . laine start to cry . and Debbie do too . Debbie look around she room . at all of she thing . and then see she bracelet on laine 's wrist . she reach out and touch it . a piece of she live on through laine . laine I should have be there for you . I be so sorry . if I could do it all over again ... Debbie smile through she tear . all be forgiven between they . but Debbie 's smile slowly fade , sense something -- -- and she suddenly spin and look behind she . terrify . debbie laine -- he 's come . the lantern flicker . in the flash of light , debbie now look horrendous ! plastic dry clean bag wrap tight around she scream twitching head . another lamp flicker -- back to normal . a part of she stick here . can not move on . debbie ( cont ’d ) take you hand away . laine shake she head . laine no ! I be not leave you again . the vibe in the room grow more intense . all around they , a figure drift in and out of the shadow . there ! then over there ! it feel like be in the very heart of evil . the planchette twitches across the board . 89 . debbie you have to , laine ... you have to say goodbye . laine be cry harder . shake she head . terrify but willing to die right here . laine I can not . debbie you need to go , laine . live a good life . do great thing ... the two girl lock eye with each other . debbie ( cont 'd ) ... for I . laine be overcome . can barely get the word out . laine good bye ... laine pull she hand away from the board . alone , Debbie do a reverse circle around the board . finally move the planchette to good bye , but she 's look at laine when she say ... debbie Goodbye . the room be rattling like hell . everything reach a final pitch fury -- Debbie be now look over laine 's shoulder . laine slowly turn -- glance behind she -- a dark figure stand there . hover above they . the uncanny wind howling and storming around laine . suddenly -- debbie erupt in she own fury . for a split second , that disturbing death appearance of the plastic bag around she twitching head . flash . then normal again . she bolt off the floor . take four run step at the figure . both of they fall back into the shadow . the wind on laine be ferocious . she scream ! can barely hear she . the lantern flicker hard then total darkness . int . upstair hallway - night - continuous trevor shove at the door . finally get it open -- 90 . int . debbie 's room - night - continuous -- he burst into the room -- -- to find that everything be totally still . he shine he light around the room . the calm after the storm . laine 's not here . it 's just the board sit on the middle of the floor . a smear of blood on it . next to the board , the planchette . it 's literally crack in half . Sarah move in behind trevor . take in the room . do not see she sister anywhere . sarah laine ? and Sarah start sobbing . fearing the worst . trevor hold she . both of they speechless . Pete crouch down . nudge the break planchette with he flashlight . take in the stillness of the room . a faint sound . he shine he light over by the bed . can not see anything . Pete move forward ... closer ... around the side of the bed . and there 's laine . huddle in a corner . her head bury in she arm . Pete gently reach out ... touch she . laine glance up . surprise to see he . surprise that she 's even here . laine look at she arm -- the handprint mark that be there be go . Sarah turn . see she sister . race over to she . crying even harder now . they hold each other . not let go . ext . debbie 's house - night pull away from the house . the horror truly feel over . the spirit move on to the next game . somewhere out there ... dissolve to : close . a piece of parchment . letter appear one by one , spelling out the name deborah . ext . cemetery - day trees. grass . we find laine ... at Debbie 's grave . make a rub of she headstone . finish , she pull the parchment away , revealing the full inscription : gl . deborah galardi - a friend forever sarah , trevor and pete be stand here too . they all place a flower at the grave and then step away . allow laine to have a final moment . laine place she single white flower among the other . she kiss she finger , touch the headstone . laine rise . a last look ... and she step away . roll credit over a haunt , female vocal cover version of morrissey 's '' ouija board , ouija board . '' ouija board would you work for I ? I have get to say hello to a old friend and for that who stay all the way until the very end of the credit , they be reward with a final tag : black . we hear a guy voice -- guy voice ( 0.s. ) here it be . the moment we have all be wait for . image come up . a guy on screen , speak directly to the camera . we recognize he as hip podcast guy from earlier when Sarah be on she computer . hip podcast guy one million people online , right now -- ready to play the world 's biggest game of ouija . what be we wait for ? let 's do this . Hand on you mouse . the image of a virtual ouija board come up and fill the screen . the layout and lettering identical to the actual game . the planchette circle the board in a clockwise motion . hip podcast guy ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) be there a spirit with we now ? please let we know that you be here . beat ... then the planchette on screen move up to the yes . pull away from the screen ... into a bedroom ... we see a hand rest on the computer mouse . keep panning up to reveal that it 's sarah . sitting at she laptop in she room . 92 . hip podcast guy ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) okay , this be seriously cool . Spirit , can you tell we you name ? on the screen -- the planchette sit there . then slowly start to move . across the letter ... keep move ... sarah watch ... wait ... as the planchette finally land on the letter " D . " whoa . Sarah click out of the screen . the online ouija game be go . she sit there . let out a breath . never again . Sarah click the mouse , and now something else come up on screen . solitaire . Nice safe solitaire . pull back from sarah as she begin to play ... ext . neighborhood - night various shot . different house . the distinctive blue glow of computer screen from bedroom window . we catch glimpsis through curtain and blind . other people with the ouija board on they computer . play . wide shot . the vast sprawl of the suburb before we . all that house . all that people . glimmer of light in the window . the world 's biggest ouija game be underway ... fade out .