savage written by tamara jenkins all rights reserve . '' copyright 2006 . willow & oak , inc . no portion of this script may be performed , published , reproduced , sold or distribute by any means , or quoted or published in any medium , including any web site , without the prior written consent of ' twentieth century fox film corporation . disposal of this script copy doe not alter any of the restriction set forth above , the savage by tamara Jenkins white shoot script - March 17 , 2006 blue revision - April 6 , 2006 pink revision - April 10 , 2006 ext . desert suburban development - day L in dreamy slow motion , we track down ominously unpeople street : one -story house in match pastel float by , eccentric cacti shoot up out of gravel lawns . topiary garden enhance the unrealness of this place , as do lollipop tree and circular hedge . finally , a sign of life as a woman in a motorized wheelchair appear , cheerfully navigate she way along one of the spotless sidewalk . supertitle : SUN CITY , arizona we be float through America 's premiere master - plan retirement community -- a geriatric eden . as this live brochure continue , we catch glimpsis of : ' the golf course 2 where a female senior tee off as two golfers stand by . thwack ! ' the firing range 3 old men hold rifle and shoot at target . ' the pool 4 a group of elderly women in bathing cap rehearse a synchronized swimming routine a la esther Williams . on a residential STREET 5 a handsome elderly couple on a bicycle built for two . as soon as the bicycle have clear frame , the camera pick out a house and begin to move slowly toward the draw curtain of the front window . this be one of Sun city 's more humble model - home offering . eventually we be transport into —- int . house - day 6 it 's dark in here , but bright sunlight peek in around the close drape make dust particle visible . still on the move , the camera locate -- lenny savage , 80 , sit at one end of a dining room table , hunch over a bowl of cereal . he be shirtless and move slowly . lenny have the labor chew style of a man who wear denture , but that do not deter he from indulge in he favorite crunchy cereal : wheat chex . it might be '' fun in the sun '' for other in this retirement community , but here , where lenny life , life be not so grand . from another room , a man 's voice waft i male voice ( 0s ) upsy daisy , thatta girl . we be gonna get you out inthe nice warm sunshine . get you some vitamin D. D for doris , right ? the camera , follow the sound of the voice , pan away from lenny 's and look down a hallway into — a bedroom 7 through the door we see a obstruct view of doris metzger , 80 , a frail woman sit on the side of she hospital - style bed , stare into space . she be be attend to by a home - health - care worker , eduardo , 45 , in green surgical scrub and a hair - net . he walk in and out of view as he prepare doris for she day . eduardo we be gonna get you all fix up nice and take some picture for you daughter -- he exit the room humming cheerfully then disappear into the adjoin doorway of a off - screen bathroom . his humming stop . eduardo ( os ) ( cont ’d ) somebody forget something in the bathroom ! then , the distinct SOUND of a toilet seat banging against its porcelain base . eduardo re-emerges from the bathroom and march down the hall and into — ~ the dine room - continuous 8 he stop in front of lenny . eduardo ( cont 'd ) lenny , you forget to flush . there 's a tremor in lenny 's voice , but it 's aggressive just the same . lenny I be eat my cereal , do not ya see ? eduardo I need to use the restroom . lenny so flush it . 10 lenny turn he attention back to he bowl . eduardo I be not a housekeeper , remember ? I 'ma home-health care professional . lenny not mine . you be hers . go bother she . I be eat . eduardo take care of you business in the bathroom , Mr. Savage . lenny you do it . eduardo as you already point out , you be not under my jurisdiction . I be not pay to take care of you shit ! eduardo march over to lenny , snatch the BOWL of cereal and take it into the adjoining kitchen . lenny what the hell be you do ? eduardo put the BOWL inside the refrigerator . eduardo take care of you business in the bathroom and then I / 1l return you you wheat chex . eduardo fling the refrigerator door shut and exit . the camera push in on the refrigerator where we see - a magnet holding a photo of doris and lenny on a cruise , in happier and healthier time . they hold glass of Champagne , freeze in a festive toast . at the dine table -- lenny be humiliate and bereft , with only he spoon to comfort he . he get up and shuffles out of the room , revealing that he 's not wear pants , just high - waist jockey brief and a pair of black nylon knee sock . in the bedroom -- 10 through a bureau mirror , eduardo open a jewelry box and slide ring on doris 's finger . ql 12 13 4 eduardo ( cont 'd ) be you clean up after yourself , Mr. Savage ? in the bathroom ql lenny stand in front of the toilet . he stare into the open bowl and contemplate its content . eduardo ( 0s ) do not play deaf with I now . lenny glance toward the door with disgust and then look back in the bowl . close on lenny 's face - freeze in a expression of doom . ' this confrontation with he own excrement seem to confirm what Leonard Savage already know to be true -- that he life be shit and it 's almost over . but then -- what 's this ? lenny have a idea . a sneaky smile creep over he face . from the hallway , looking into the bathroom lenny shuffles toward camera and slam the bathroom door in we face . in the bedroom -- 12 eduardo react to the sound of the slam . eduardo ( cont 'd ) lenny ? in the hallway -- 13 eduardo approach the bathroom door . eduardo ( cont 'd ) I do not hear any flush , lenny . ( knock ) Leonard ? eduardo wait for a response , then crack open the door . eduardo ( cont 'd ) Leonard ? eduardo 's Pov - as he swing the door wide open , revealing -- in the hallway / bathroom ~~ 14 15 16 lenny -~ he hand smear in brown . on the tile wall , in a angry fecal scrawl , he have write the word : prick . frightened by he own action , lenny stand there capture and tremble ~~ stare in disbelief at what he have do and breathing hard . ring ! ring ! ring ! int . new york apartment - night 15 close on a ringing telephone . the answering machine click on . the outgoing message be the voice of bette davis ( on machine ) fasten you seatbelt , it 's go to be a bumpy night . then the voice of wendy savage come on . wendy ( on machine ) hello . that be bette Davis as margo Channing and this be Wendy Savage as herself . leave I a message after the -- beep ! as the income message be record , the camera pan to reveal a tenement apartment . we see flea market furnishings , a hissing radiator and a large , lonely cat . supertitle : new york CITY the camera come to rest on a partially OPEN window with blow sheer curtain that look out over the street of New York City 's East Valley on a wintery night . woman 's voice aloha , Wendy ? this be Nancy lachman . doris metzger 's daughter . Calling from honolulu ... it 's be quite a while since we have speak . I be call because . well ... I just get a very disturbing call from Arizona . there 's be some trouble with you dad - int . office build - bullpen area - night 16 a large sparsely populate room with many desk and cubicle . it 's after hour . a cleaning person vacuum . wendy savage , 39 , sit at a desk with a scribble upon folder before she . on the tab it read : fellowship and grant application . after a furtive glance around the room , Wendy type . wendy ( vo ) dear selection Committee . if award you prestigious fellowship for artistic creation , I would use the money to complete the write and research of my new , semi-autobiographical play no , wait ( back up the cursor ) my new ( re-typing ) subversive , semi-autobiographical play about my childhood entitle ... wake I when it 's over . Wendy glance over the top of she cubicle and sees the disembody head of matt , she manager , fast approach . with a quick click of she mouse , she bring a spreadsheet up on the computer then cover she folder with a accounting file . matt hey , wen. wendy ( hard work employee act ) hey , matt. matt how 's it go ? you get anywhere ? wendy just try to power through . matt do what you can . do not kill yourself . as soon as Matt be go , a neighboring female CO - worker with a pierce lower - lip smirk conspiratorially at Wendy . Wendy acknowledge the look , but as she return to write she letter it 's clear that she want to believe she have a higher call than the other temp . wendy ( vo ) inspire by the work of Jean genet , the cartoon of Lynda Barry and the family drama of Eugene o'neill , wake I when it 's over , tell the story of a brother and sister who -- after be abandon by they abusive father -- be force to fend for themselves when they depressive mother go out on a date ... from which she never return , accompany the voice - over be a quick montage : wy 18 1g 20 at the xerox machine - Wendy make copy of she vv application . at the supply cabinet - she help herself to plastic binder , manila envelope and some nice pens . at the postage machine - she run she mailing through and the name of the recipient flash by : the guggenheim Foundation , New dramatist , the playwright Foundation ... ext . office build - night 18 Wendy exit , bundle up in a vintage coat and scarf . she cross the desert street and arrive at — — a matlbox - where she remove several manila envelope from she satchel . in a private little ritual , she press they against she chest and make a wish before she drop they inside . ext . east valley STREET - night 1g Wendy walk down the street with a bag of take - out and arrive at she apartment build . she be about to unlock the front door when it swing open and a young east valley couple emerge , follow by a group of they care - free friend . Wendy find herself stick hold the door open as they pass , painfully aware that they be all at least ten year young . as the last friend exit , he thanks Wendy as though she be a doorman . int . wendy'' apartment - night 20 Wendy enter carry she take - out bag , keys and a SMALL pile of mail in she tooth . genghis khan , Wendy 's cat , jump off the couch and greet she with meow . Wendy unload she stuff , click on light and pull off she coat . on she way to feed genghis , she wander over to — ~ the telephone table where the answer machine blink . Wendy push a button . as it play , she open a can of cat food . machine's digital voice mailbox one , there be two new message . woman 's voice Ms. Savage , this be donna from Dr. reisman 's office . I be just call to let you know that you pap smear result come back today and it 's normal , everything be fine . you have get nothing to worry about . if you have any question , please call the - a loud buzzer buzy . Wendy , slightly startle , click the machine off and , still hold the can of cat food , head to the door . the camera stay behind , panning off of Wendy and pushing into a close up of the answering machine still blink ominously . at the door -~ Wendy press she eye to the peephole . through the peephole -~ larry , a attractive middle - age guy , stand in the hall . with a quick fluff of she hair , Wendy open the door . wendy hi. larry hi. a strange pause as they stand in the doorway . larry ( cont ’d ) be this a bad time ? I see you light come on . wendy no. I be just ... you know ... larry oh , okay , then I do not want to disturb ... wendy no. do. imean , if you can . can you ? Larry nod yes and smile -- a naughty gleam in he eye . larry I get marley . Wendy look down to see marley , a old golden lab with a grey muzzle . Wendy smile at marley and open the door to let they in . a moment later — — ( he camera push in fast -- Larry have Wendy up against a wall and be kissing she hungrily , undoing she pants and pull at she clothes . wendy ( come up for air ) let 's go to the bed . he continue to devour she . larry I like it here . let 's do it on the floor . he slide to the floor and try to pull she down with he . wendy no , come on Larry . larry I need you . feel how hard my cock be . Wendy be disgust . she pull away from he . wendy I do not want to . the floor be gross . Wendy turn and begin to toss pillow off the nearby futon couch . larry you use to like it on the floor -- when you first move in , remember ? wendy yeah , well , not any more . in a well practice maneuver , she yank at the base of the couch , pull it forward -- flump ! -- transform it into a bed . wendy ( cont 'd ) it 's middle - age and depress . it make I want to cry . without a trace of romance , Wendy begin to remove she shirt . larry what 's the matter ? lo . Wendy shake she head , dismiss the question . marley want to climb up onto the bed but be too arthritic to manage so Wendy hoist she up by she haunch . she plop down next to marley and Larry sit down beside she . larry ( cont 'd ) what ? wendy I have get thing go on . larry what thing ? wendy just thing , Larry . thing . it 's personal . larry ( kissing she neck ) I think this be personal . wendy it 's personal medical , okay ? it 's cervical . Larry stop kissing she neck and give Wendy he full attention . wendy ( cont ’d ) I have a pap smear . something be irregular . and then I have to have another pap smear . they just call with the result —- larry and -- ? Wendy want special attention -- even if it mean fabricate tragedy . wendy and it 's ... not , you know , for sure yet , but they might have to go in and take something out to test and see if it 's ... you know , God forbid ... Larry press he head against she chest and rub she belly protectively . larry I be sorry , Wen . Wendy bask in the affection , until ql . larry ( cont 'd ) Annie have that . wendy what ? larry a cervical thing . some kind of procedure . Wendy look at he , she disbelief mount . larry ( cont 'd ) I go with she to the appointment . she say it be pretty painless . a little sore afterwards , but basically -- wendy I really do not need to hear about you wife 's cervix , right now . larry I be try to be comforting . wendy yeah , well it 's not . it 's upsetting . larry okay . sorry . wendy God . a silent moment as they just sit there side - by-side . larry do you want I to go ? Wendy shake she head no . cur to : overhead close - up of Wendy with Larry on top , move rhythmically . she try to get lose in the sex but can not . she open she eye and look at the ceiling . after a few moment , she turn she head and find herself stare into the sad eye of marley . she reach for a paw . Wendy and marley stay like that gaze into each other 's eye while Larry fuck she . later ~~ Larry pull he clothes on in semi-darkness . Wendy and marley spoon in bed . 25 26 27 12 . larry ( cont 'd ) c' mon marley . marley lick Wendy 's face , hobble off the bed and join Larry . larry ( cont 'd ) goodnight . Wendy watch from the bed as Larry and marley leave . still later ~~ 25 Wendy shuffles out of the kitchen eat she take - out . she pass the telephone table and notice -~ he red blinking light of the answer machine . then , a e.c.u. of the red blink light fill the screen . ext . house - night 26 a modest clapboard home with a sagging porch and mound of dirty snow surround it . somewhere inside a phone be ringing . supertitle : BUFFALO int . bedroom - night 27 jonathan savage , 42 , be in bed , half - asleep , try to ignore the ringing phone . next to he , where a lover might be , there be a pile of work : lap - top , paper , eye glass , book . with a groan , he finally give in and answer . jon hello ? wendy ( on phone ) jon , it 's I . jon look at the clock on he nightstand . it 's 1:10 be . jon what 's go on ? wendy ( on phone ) dad be write on the wall with he shit 13 . jon what ? int . wendy'' apartment - same time Wendy pace as she talk , a cigarette clench between she finger . during they conversation , we intercut . wendy he 's write with he shit , jon . word on the bathroom wall and he 's leave they there for this guy eduardo to find like message . jon snap on a light . jon Wendy , what the fuck be you talk about ? wendy I be talk about dad ! jon okay . wendy there 's something wrong with he . I get a phone call . he 's lose he mind or something . he 's act out with he shit . it 's all he 's get leave and he 's use it to piss this guy off . jon what guy ? wendy doris 's caregiver guy . here , listen . jon no . Wendy fumble with the answering machine . she click it on and hold the phone to the speaker . answering machine aloha , Wendy ? this be Nancy -- Wendy push the fast forward button . we hear the high pitched chipmunk SOUND . jon hold he head in he hand like it 's go to explode . 1a . Wendy release the button -~ answering machine ( cont ’d ) I know you have not communicate with you father for quite some time . he 's not the same anymore . he forget thing and ... I be sorry to leave this on a machine , but eduardo find lenny this morning ... handle he . ( grasp for propriety ) fecal matter . jon Wendy ! answering machine we hire eduardo to care for we mother , not you father -- jon Wendy ! wendy ( phone back to ear ) what ? jon turn it off ! Wendy click it off . wendy what be you problem ? jon it 's the middle of the night . I have get to teach in the morning and I be on a deadline . wendy he 's write with he shit , jon ! we father ! do not leave I alone with this . jon I be not leave you alone , I be just hang up . we will talk tomorrow . wendy we do not even know where the man life anymore . you want to know where he life ? Sun City . have you ever hear of that ? in the middle of the desert somewhere , we be gonna have to go out there and find he . 29 1s . jon Wendy , we be not go to have to go out there and find he . we be not in a Sam shepard play ! wendy we have to do something . this be a crisis . jon look , I be not sure if this actually qualify as a crisis . it 's a alarm , okay . but it 's not a crisis . not yet . wendy ( after a reflective pause ) you mean it 's like we be in orange ? jon what --? yeah , right . exactly . but we be only in ' yellow , okay . so we should just ... be aware and xbe ... cautious . when it hit red , then we be in trouble . int . sylvia 's nail salon - day 29 close on a bottle of red nail polish as it be hold up by a korean manicurist . she speak in break English . manicurist you color ? right , miss metzger ? across from the manicurist , doris stare at the bottle , but say nothing . manicurist ( cont ’d ) ravish Red , right ? the manicurist sigh , and begin shaking the bottle of nail polish . she turn and speak to she CO - worker in Korean . the manicurist take one of doris 's hand , quickly paint a nail and hold it up in front of doris 's face . manicurist ( con ? ’d ) see . you like ? sexy , right ? doris stare at she paint nail . finally , she manage to squeeze out the smallest of nod . the manicurist be pleased . manicurist ( cont 'd ) ah , good . see. good color . 30 16 . wide ~ a platoon of korean manicurist in match apron attend to the nail of female customer . a loud t.v. play judge judy . ap the pedicure area -~ eduardo sleep in a large vibrate massage chair . his foot soak in a low sink of swirl water . back to the manicure area -~ the manicurist be still speak to she friend as she work . the camera watch the action from a position level with the table and doris 's hand when suddenly -- like a medicine ball from outer space -- doris 's head drop into frame -- landing on the table with a thump ! she arrive facing the camera , eye OPEN , mopionless and dead . the SOUND of a jet grow louder and louder , transport we to — int . phoenix sky harbor airport - day 30 jon , pull he carry - on , pace back and forth at a arrival gate , talk into he cellphone . a flight have just arrive and passengers be stream out the jetway door . jon Andy . it 's I , jon. good. good. 1 / m still plugging 's away on that brecht book . yeah , well , he 's a complex man . and you ? Wendy emerge from the jetway , spot she brother and hurry over . wendy hi jon . Wendy try to kiss he hello , but jon hold up a index finger . jon ( into phone ) yeah , I hear Stanford be play footsie with you . great. great . jon beckon Wendy to follow he as he walk away from the gate into the terminal . Wendy obey , annoyed . jon ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) look , I need a favor . ( more ) a 1 ay . jon ( cont 'd ) it 's kind of last minute . I be out of town , actually ... Arizona . yeah . it 's a family thing . no , nothing serious . Wendy raise she eyebrow at jon . he ignore she . jon ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) it 's my father ... no , he 's just his girlfriend die . yeah . and he 's get pretty old himself , I guess , like everybody . yeah , well , that 's what I be go to ask you . it 's my nine a.m. on Monday -- oedipal rage in beckett of all thing . wendy ( tug on jon 's arm ) I have get to go to baggage claim . jon ( into phone ) hold on a sec. ( to Wendy , cover phone ) you check luggage ? we be only here for a day . wendy two day and one night . Excuse I if I plan on change my clothes . Wendy scan jon 's sloppy outfit with she eye . jon return he attention to the phone . jon sorry about that ... my sister ... ext . rental car parking lot - day a 1 jon load the trunk of a rent malibu while Wendy examine he outfit . wendy be that what you be go to wear ? jon look at he clothes -- a long — john T-shirt and cargo pants -- then back at Wendy , confuse . wendy ( cont 'd ) to pay respect ? irritate , he yank off he shirt , unzip he bag and dig around for something more appropriate . 32 1s . jon I gain some weight . wendy I do not say anything . ( look in he suitcase ) kasia do not have you pack a button-down ? jon what be this , a goddamn fashion show ? wendy no , it 's just that when someone die people dréss up . jon pull a shirt from deep inside he bag and put it on . jon she 's move back to Poland . wendy you and kasia break up ? jon ( buttone up he shirt ) her visa expire . he present himself to Wendy . she nod in vague approval . jon slam the trunk close . wendy so that 's it . her visa expire and it 's over ? they walk to the front of the car , jon to the driver 's side . jon we will it 's either that or we get marry and nobody be ready for that . they climb into the car . int . rental car - day 32 as they buckle in wendy you have be go out for three year . you be forty - two year old . do not you think — — 33 34 35 36 1s . jon ! I really do not need romantic advice from my little sister at the moment . let 's just take care of this situation and stay out of each other 's shit . okay ? wendy I be just try to talk about it . jon well , we be not in therapy right now . we be in real life . wendy okay . geez . jon start the engine and pull away . ext . desert highway - day 33 the rental car whizze by . int . / ext . car - desert highway - day ( moving ) 34 jon drive , Wendy shotgun . ahead be the OPEN road . above , the huge desert sky . a exit sign read : Sun City . 's jon take the exit . int . / ext . car - road - day ( moving ) 35 Wendy and jon watch the surreal sight of Sun City sail past . int . / ext . doris metzger 's STREET - rental car 36 they round a corner and park in front of doris metzger 's house . the sibling stare at the house with trepidation . jon this be go to be weird . wendy yeah . I wonder what he look like . ( remember something ) oh shoot ! I almost forget . Wendy dig through she purse and pull out a hallmark sympathy card . 37 20 . wendy ( cont ’d ) we have to sign this . they do not have a very big selection . do you think this be okay ? ( read the message ) this word we hope may ease you loss . we prayer be with you . we love . we thought . jon stare at he sister in disbelief . wendy ( cont ’d ) so this be send in sympathy . jon impatiently grab the card , lean it against the steering wheel and sign it . ext . doris 's house - day 37 the sibling walk up the path toward the house with sad gift shop offering : jon with the string of a foil balloon that read , '' we Love dad , '' Wendy with cellophane wrapped flowers . ' they arrive at —- the screen door jon push the doorbell . no response . Wendy press she face up to the screen and look inside . wendy'' Pov of the foyer — ~ her eye land on a aluminum WALKER . jon knock lightly on the screen . jon hello . dad ? eduardo ( 0.s. ) come ! eduardo appear on the other side of the screen door . it 's obvious from he surprised expression and the fact that he do not open the door right away that something be amiss . eduardo ( cont 'd ) you must be Leonard 's kid . wendy uh-huh . eduardo do not you get my message ? 38 21 . int . metzger live room - day 38 jon and Wendy sit side - by-side on the couch with uncertain expression on they face . the pathetic balloon float above they . flowers and sympathy card abound . across from they -- nancy lachman , 47 , sit with she husband , bill , 48 , who nurse a Heineken . they child , hope and faith be nearby watch '' spongebob squarepant '' on the t.v. eduardo hover . nancy the hospital be just five minute away . and do not worry . it 's nothing serious . he would be feel kind of faint and what with the toilete incident and all , the doctor think a few test be in order . eduardo I tell he I do not think there be anything wrong with that man 's mind . that it be just lenny be lenny . but he insisted on take a look for himself . jon ( to Nancy ) so when do he go there ? nancy um -- eduardo just last night . I be sorry you do not get my message . jon well , I guess we should be go then . jon and Wendy rise , awkwardly gather they thing . Wendy remember they card and hand it to Nancy . wendy we be really sorry about you mom . nancy ' thank you . Bill give Nancy a look , encourage she to speak up . nancy ( cont 'd ) uh , jon , Wendy ... one more thing . before you go . please , sit . I just want to say . ( more ) 22 . nancy ( cont ’d ) ( get choke up ) you know , we love lenny . he 's be like family to we . Wendy and jon sit again , smile gratefully . nancy ( cont 'd ) but he 's not really we family . he 's yours . jon and Wendy 's smile evaporate . nancy ( cont 'd ) so , I hope you will be able to find some place nice for he . jon what do you mean ? bill she mean a place where he can live . jon he life here . bill that 's correct . you father have be live off the charity of we family for quite some time . nancy Bill - uh-oh . jon instantly understand what 's happen , but Wendy be baffle . jon why would you say charity , Bill ? doris ask my father to come live with she as a boyfriend not a boarder . they be a couple . they be together for over twenty year . Nancy start to cry . twelve - year-old hope drift over and protectively attaches herself to she mother 's leg . she stare suspiciously at Wendy and jon . Wendy smile nervously at the glaring child . jon ( cont ’d ) you can not just throw the man out on the street . he have a right to live here . legally speak . it 's a common law marriage at this point . bill well , not exactly 39 40 23 . nancy ( glance at she husband ) not in front of the kid , Bill . Bill rise , hitches up he pants and pick up he valise . bill ( to jon ) why do not we step outside . jon get up warily and hand off the balloon to Wendy . Bill lead jon across the room , roll open a glass door and the two man step out into a patio area . Bill slide the door close behind they . Wendy and Nancy sit silently watch they . after a moment , Nancy turn and smile at Wendy . Wendy smile back . ' it be excruciatingly awkward . through the close sliding glass door - 39 Bill and jon talk animatedly . Bill pull a document from he valise and hand it to jon . jon put on a pair of glass . Bill take a swig from a bottle of Heineken and watch he read . jon ( pre - lap ) it 's call a non-marital agreement . it 's something doris have draft up year ago . ext . doris 's house - day 40 agitate hand -held as Wendy and jon march down the path , they balloon in tow . jon grip a copy of the document . jon it 's like a pre - nup without the nup . it say that even though they live together they have no legal obligation to each other . that everything be separate . and basically that dad have no right to any of she property . I bet they have already get the place list . wendy do you notice that there be not one picture of we anywhere ? it 's like we do not even exist . 41 42 24 . int . hospital third floor - day 41 Wendy and jon hustle down a long hall , visitor sticker affix to they shirt . they each carry a cup from Starbucks . they foil balloon bounce overhead . check the room number , they slow down as they approach the one they seek . jon make sure Wendy be ready before he reach for the knob . int . hospital room - day 42 a t.v. suspend from the ceiling play a loud game show . jon and Wendy quietly enter and step around a curtain to find - lenny , asleep , with a iv in he arm . they stand there a moment , haggardly stare at they estrange and ail father . then jon Wen ? wendy what ? jon nod at something on the other side of the bed . Wendy look and sees a bag with dark yellow liquid hang from a stand . jon dad 's take a piss . Wendy and jon stare blankly as the liquid level rise . a strange pause . then a burst of applause from the 7.v . Wendy and jon look up at the t.v. it 's jeopardy . they watch for a long space out moment . in unison , they take a sip from they Starbucks . then — lenny ( 0.8 ) where the hell have you be ? Wendy and jon turn to face lenny . wendy & jon hi dad . hi. how be you do ? lenny ' they have have I hog-ty for two day . can not you see ? 25 . lenny become agitate and start to thrash around . his sheet slide off to reveal restraint hold he wrist and ankle . Wendy and jon look at each other , horrify . wendy we just get here . we come pretty much straight from the airport . it 's Wendy and jon . lenny eye he child . lenny I know who you be . you be the late one . you be late ! you be not here ! and this be what they do , see . lenny pull violently against he restraint . jon dad ! dad ! stop. lenny do not stop . he 's wild . wendy ( shrink away from the bed ) jon , go get somebody . lenny you be not here , I say ! nobody ! jon ( grab he father 's arm ) dad ! lenny stop momentarily and stare up at he son . a tiny flicker of fear in he eye . jon ( cont 'd ) we be not here because we live on the east coast . remember ? we have not see you in a long time . we come here to help you . lenny so do something . you be the doctor . wendy he 's not that kind of doctor , dad . he 's a professor . 26 . jon ( to Wendy ) I be gonna go get somebody . jon go to the door and exit . lenny I think my boy be a doctor . wendy Doctor of philosophy . phd . jon teach college . lenny Medicine ? wendy no. Drama . he teach theater . lenny like broad-way ? Zasu pitt ? wendy no , like ... '' theater of Social unrest . '' stuff like that . he 's do a book on bertolt brecht . the door swing open . in walk jon with a nurse . nurse I / 1l untie he only if he promise to be good . he can not be try to get out of bed by himself . you gonna be good , Mr. Savage ? jon dad , be you gonna be good ? if you be not good they will not untie you . lenny stay still and stare at he son like a obedient dog who want he reward . nurse you can not go pull on everything , now . ( be : iv tube ) this here be for you own good . this be you food . ( untying he hand and foot ) we can not have he climb out on he own . he 's unsteady and he can fall . jon we will keep a eye on he . 43 27 . the nurse exit the room . now untied , lenny look up at Wendy and jon suspiciously . everyone just stand there , unsure what 's suppose to happen next . doctor ( pre - lap ) vascular dementia or multi-infarct , usually follow one or more stroke . but I do not see any sign of a stroke here . no tumor . int . hospital film viewing room 43 darkness . then , a door open allow some light into a room . a doctor , Wendy and jon enter . doctor but the disinhibition ; the aggression , the '' mask face '' with the blank stare we talk about ; slowness of speech , memory loss . this be all fairly good indicator . click . click . click . light stutter on and — ~ a series of mri picture of lenny 's brain -~ appear one at a time as wall - mount light box be switch on . we be in — — wendy be it like Alzheimer 's ? doctor there be lot of different illness that cause dementia and I be not prepare to make a diagnosis yet , but to my mind you father 's symptom seem more characteristic of parkinson 's Disease . jon so what do we have to look forward to ? doctor if I be right , then tremor -- when the limb be at rest . a shuffle walk . freeze up , unable to initiate movement . as the doctor speak , Wendy and jon look around at the dark mysterious image of they father 's brain . the humming of the light box increase , eventually drown out the doctor 's voice . 44 45 46 28 . ext . best western inn of SUN CITY - dusk 44 ' the blue and yellow sign glow against the desert sky , accompany by a duet , sung by a older man and woman . duet you make I feel so young . you make I feel that spring be sprung . the song continue over ~ ext . corridor best western - night 45 Wendy and jon roll they bag toward they room . palm tree silhouett against the sky sway in the desert breeze . duet every time I see you grin , I be such a happy individual ... int . best western lounge - night 46 burt & lizzy -- a low -rent Steve and eydie gormet be sing the duet we have be hearing . the audience of retiree love they . at the bar ~~ Wendy and jon be drink soda and eat nut . Wendy leaf through a pamphlet call '' dementia '' while jon peruse '' parkinson 's Disease . '' wendy maybe dad do not abandon we . maybe he just forget who we be . jon I be go to give Brian deener a call . wendy who 's that ? jon a friend of mine . ' teaches in the English Department . he just put he mother in a nursing home near campus ... ( to bartender ) can we get some more nut ? Wendy look at jon , stunne . 29 . wendy a nursing home ? jon yeah . what ? wendy I do not know . I be not think about put he in a nursing home . jon well , what be you think ? wendy I do not know , but I be not think that . jon well , what then ? wendy I do not know , jon ! I just say . it 's just not what I be picture be all . jon where else be he go to live , Wen ? I mean really -- what 's the alternative ? you want to change dad 's diaper and wipe he ass ? I do not . a older couple at a neighbor table look over . Wendy smile at they and lower she voice . wendy he do not need diaper , jon . jon well what do you think that catheter be ? wendy that 's just because he 's in the hospital . jon look , even if they do let dad stay here , he would still need somebody to take care of he . and you know we can not afford that . and you hear the nurse , dad fall . he 's disorient —~ wendy dad have not fall since we have be here . jon that 's ' cause he 's lie down in a hospital ! ( more ) 30 . jon ( cont 'd ) do not make I out to be the evil brother who be put we father away against you will . we be do this together , right ? Wendy poke she ice with a cocktail straw . wendy what about that place ? jon what place ? wendy like aunt gertie . jon that 's assist live . I be not sure dad / 1l get into one of they . gertie be pretty independent , remember ? she be also rich . ( pause ) look , there 's no one else here to help we with this . it 's just we . we have to do this thing together , right ? ( no response ) Wendy ? wendy no , yeah , you be right , of course . jon okay . so , I be go to call United and try to get the first flight out of here tomorrow morning so I can get back and start look for a place that will take he . wendy what be I go to do ? jon you be go to have to stay here and hold down the fort until I find something . wendy by myself ? jon Wendy , this be not the time to regress . pre -lap '' whhhaaaaa ! 47 48 31 . int . best western - room - night 47 lucille ball bawl like a baby in a episode of I love lucy . across from the tv , Wendy be in bed , sleep . mix in with the sound of the television , we hear jon talk -- upset mumble come from the bathroom . Wendy 's eye flutter open . wendy'' pov -— a sliver of jon through the bathroom door . he 's on the phone . we can not make out all the word , but it 's clear that he 's have some kind of disagreement with he girlfriend . after a moment , he hang up . hold on he stand silent and still over the sink . ' then , a spasm of short little breath and he start to cry . Wendy be move by this vision of she brother 's vulnerability . she close she eye again , as we — ~ fade to black . under black ~~ 48 jon ( hushed ) hey , Wendy . wen. wen. fade in to see wendy 's Pov of jon , stand over the bed , all dress with he luggage hang off he . it 's still dark outside . angle on bleary -eyed wendy twisted up in bedclothes look up at jon . wendy what ? jon I be go . Wendy sleepily watch as jon pull out some cash and place it on the bureau . jon ( cont 'd ) ' that should take care of the hotel . wendy ' thanks . jon nod and head for the door . wendy ( cont 'd ) jon ? 49 50 sl 52 53 32 . jon yeah ? wendy be you okay ? jon yeah , I be fine . I will call you . jon leave , pull the door close behind he , leave Wendy in the dark , she anxious face barely visible . int . best western room - morning 49 music pump . on the t.v. a exercise program play . Wendy be in she underwear , struggle to follow along . she feel pathetic , but push herself to do it anyway . int . larry 's apartment - day 50 close on a ringing phone . in the background , Larry look up from he spot at the kitchen table . before he can get up , he wife annie answer . annie hello ? int . best western room - day sl Wendy , sweaty from she work - out , hold the phone , but do not speak . annie ( on phone ) hello ? who be it ? hello ? hello ? ' the clicking SOUND of hanging up . Wendy stare into space , hat she life . ext . doris 's house - day 52 a SMALL banner that say " OPEN house '' hang out front flap in the dry breeze . int . doris 's house - day 53 several elderly couple be be show around by a real estate agent who do she pitch . the camera locate a open doorway and peek into -- 54 55 56 57 33 . the guest room -- 54 where Wendy can be see unzipping a large , cheap suitcase . she prop it open on a couch . we move inside the room as Wendy push open the accordion door of a large closet to reveal a sad assortment of men' clothes . after a moment reflect upon the sorry state of she father 's life , Wendy remove a armful of clothes , hanger and all , and dump they into the suitcase . in the bathroom -- 55 a drawer open , line with floral contact paper ~~ miscellaneous toiletry slide around inside . Wendy 's hand rifle through the item , remove anything '' male '' . a medicine cabinet open , packed with pharmaceuticals -. Wendy 's hand quickly extract all the vial on which Leonard Savage 's name appear . the cabinet close . suddenly Wendy re-open the cabinet . her finger drift over the pill bottle until they locate one that say : doris metzger -- and below that : percocet . Wendy take the bottle and shut the cabinet again . in the mirror , we see she remove a pill , pop it in she mouth and wash it back with a handful of water . in the live room -- 56 Wendy drag suitcase toward the front door , pass the real estate agent who , have release the group of buyer , rattles around the house by herself , talk on she cell phone . she see Wendy , cover she phone and whisper real estate agent I be sorry about you loss . ext./ int . cab - moving 57 Wendy , feel the narcotic effect of the percocet , lean against the window and look out at the strange desert landscape blur by . 58 59 34 . int . best western - day 58 suitcase fill with lenny 's belonging be park around the room . Wendy sit on the bed look through the content of a old briefcase -- bundle of letter , yellow child 's drawing and a assortment of wallet - size school portrait of Wendy and jon . the phone ring and Wendy answer . wendy hello ? ext . BUFFALO STREET - day 59 it 's bitterly cold . jon wear a massive parka and pace with he cell phone press to he ear . his breath be visible and rush out of he mouth as he speak . jon hi . intercut between Wendy and jon . wendy oh my god , jon , you be not go to believe it . I just find this stash of picture of we from dewey elementary . 1 can not believe he keep they all this time . she fish out a goofy photo of jon . wendy ( cont 'd ) I be look at the funniest picture of you , right now ... jon ( shiver , but amused ) oh yeah ? wendy with a big mouth full of metal . how come you get brace , they never give I brace ? jon have you ever look at my tooth ? ' they be still crooked . wendy yeah . how come ? jon ' cause dad never pay the bill and the orthodontist be so piss , he pull the brace out of my mouth before my tooth be fix . Wendy snort -laugh . jon ( cont 'd ) so , I think I find something . wendy what ? jon a place with a open that can take he right away . wendy what kind of place ? jon ( sarcastic ) a facility for older people . in this country we call they nursing home . wendy I think we be gonna try assist live . jon they be not go to take he in assist live , Wendy ! let 's be real . he 's get dementia . wendy well do not lead with that . jon look , if it 's any consolation -- this place -- they do not call it a nursing home . wendy what do they call it ? jon a Rehabilitation Center . it 's call the valley View . the camera pan away to reveal that jon be stand near the very place he speak of . it be a grim institutional building with a sign out front , the Valley View Rehabilitation Center . 60 61 36 . wendy ' that sound nice . be it ? jon it 's a nursing home , Wendy ! wendy do it smell ? jon yes , Wendy it smell . ' they all smell . look , this place have a empty bed , they take medicaid and it 's close to my house . believe I , once you get inside this place , they be all the same . Wendy hold the phone unable to speak for a long moment . jon ( cont 'd ) Wendy ? wendy make sure to have a coat for he when we get there . he do not have any warm clothes . int . hospital - dawn 60 view from behind , Wendy hustle down a empty corridor . int . lenny' hospital room - dawn 61 Wendy enter and see the empty hospital bed and no sign of anything else at first . then she step deeper into the room and turn to find lenny , sit in a wheelchair , all ready to go . he 's be dresséd by the nurse and it show . he wear a flannel shirt with suspender , trouser and a baseball cap , like a kid dress for school by somebody else 's mother - Wendy be strike by the poignancy of this but move on with the business at hand . wendy hi dad . after a little delay , lenny pull he attention away from the wall he 's be stare at and stiffly twist he head to look at he daughter . 62 37 . lenny hi ya . there be a glimmer in he eye , a tiny smile on he face . lenny seem to have some vague feel of hope , not unlike the way a dog sense that he beloved family be plan a vacation and he might be take along . Wendy remove lenny 's baseball cap and give he a kiss on the forehead . wendy how're you feel ? lenny not bad . she toss the cap on the bed and begin unclip he suspender . lenny do not resist . wendy you do not need this , right , dad ? not you style . they be like grandpa Walton . int . hospital corridor - day 62 the nurse 's station -- Wendy finish signing the hospital release form , fold the papers in half and shove they into one of the plastic bag that hang off the back of lenny 's wheelchair . a nurse in she 50' hand over lenny 's medical record , medication and instruction . Wendy dump the pill bottle into she purse . nurse here . lemme give you some of this . the nurse look over she shoulder to make sure she be unobserve , then pull out a half a dozen adult diaper . Wendy 's eye widen . nurse ( cont ’d ) they do not like we to give this stuff away , but you might need it . she hand the diaper to Wendy . wendy ' thanks . she stuff the diaper in she bag . 63 64 38 . wendy ( cont 'd ) ( rouse herself ) okay . Wendy turn the wheelchair , point it toward the exit . wendy ( cont 'd ) ready , dad ? lenny yep . nurse have a good trip , Mr. Savage . ( whisper to Wendy ) good luck . lenny wave with a small wiggle of he finger . Wendy roll he away . int . jetway - day 63 we move toward the aircraft . two flight attendant stand at the far end by the cabin door . reverse angle - Wendy push lenny 's wheelchair . two airline employees march behind she in match uniform . they arrive at the cabin door , where the flight attendant greet they . out of nowhere , the two airline employee produce a fold metal contraption and pull open a series of metal flap , transform it into a boarding chair . unlike a wheelchair , it 's narrow enough to fit down the aisle of a airplane . Wendy stand by and watch as they transfer lenny to the board chair . lenny 's beseech eye be fix on Wendy as he be handle by this human furniture mover . they arrange he arm across he chest , straight - jacket style , and strap he in . Wendy look on helplessly as lenny , not unlike a crate on a supermarket dolly , be tilted back , spun around and wheeled onto the aircraft , backward . int . airplane - continuous 64 Wendy lumber down the aisle follow behind lenny , bang passenger with she bag . wendy sorry . Excuse I 65 39 . wendy'' Pov of the seated passengers steal look at she and she father as they make they humiliate pilgrimage to coach . at there assigned seat -- lenny be help into the aisle seat while Wendy shove they bag into the overhead compartment . she squeeze past she father and collapse into the window seat . cur to : a endless landscape of cloud . 65 on wendy stare out the window . suddenly ~~ thwack ! lenny slam he hand down on he tray . he 's agitate , scatter what remain of he snack BOX . he begin to tug and fumble with he seatbelt . wendy ( cont 'd ) dad , what be you do ? lenny turn stiffly and look at Wendy . lenny ( flat ) bath-room . wendy what ? lenny ( agitate and loud ) bath -room ! wendy okay , dad . calm down . let 's just wait for the lady to come and take we stuff away so we can -- lenny now ! lenny pull violently on he seatbelt . wendy glance over she shoulder and see the concerned face of neighbor passenger . wendy ( mortify ) okay . okay , dad we will take care of it . 66 40 . she frantically clear off he tray table and latch it to the seatback . lenny try to lift himself up . wendy ( cont 'd ) not yet , dad . just wait a second . Wendy climb over she father and stumble into the aisle . she tuck she hair behind each ear and ready herself . wendy ( cont 'd ) okay , dad ~ Wendy take lenny 's hand and help he shimmy into the aisle . they stand there , face each other and hold hand like mismatch dance partner . Wendy start inching backwards , slowly lead lenny toward the bathroom . wendy ( cont 'd ) that 's good , dad . suddenly , lenny stop . his face distress . wendy ( cont 'd ) dad , what ? Wendy look down and let out a tiny gasp . a wide shot reveal that lenny 's pants have collapse around he ankle -- he 's stand in the middle of the airplane in he diaper . as word spread , passenger throughout the cabin crane they neck to get a look . wendy ( cont 'd ) it 's okay , dad . do not worry . we be fine . seem like lenny need that suspender after all . ext . BUFFALO niagara int'l airport - curbside - night 66 jon 's ten year - old toyota corrola idle in front of the arrival area . the window be frost and steam up . jon sit behind the wheel listen to all thing considered on NPR . very civilized . then -- thwak ! splat ! on the driver' side window -~ a hand appear , wiping away the snow and frost to reveal a frantic Wendy . al . wendy jon ! jon ( roll down the window ) hey , Wen . Wendy hand some patent leather loafer through the window . jon ( cont 'd ) what this ? wendy they're dad 's . I can not get they back on he foot . they swell up . ( move toward the trunk ) pop the trunk . Wendy toss the bag in , slam it shut and return to jon 's window . jon where be he ? wendy Inside . ( hold out she hand ) ' the coat . jon pull a massive parka from the back seat and shove it through the window . jon I can not leave the car unattend . wendy pine . jon be everything alright ? Wendy look at jon with a flat expression , then pivot around and leave with the parka . jon look out the window . through the massive plate glass window of the terminal —- he see lenny sit in a airport wheelchair , park by the luggage . lenny seem to be the only person in the whole terminal that be not move . on jon -- watch , the image sink in -- he father be a helpless old man . 68 42 . int . toyota corolla - night ( moving ) 68 they be all pack in , Wendy in the back with they carry - on . lenny 's face be barely visible inside the fur-line hood of the parka . the windshield wiper squeak and push wet snow from the glass . after a few moment of uncomfortable silence , jon steal a glance at he father . jon be a while since you have see this , huh dad ? snow . what do you think ? lenny stare ahead . after a moment lenny lousy . jon yeah , it 's always like this this time of year . lenny not the weather . you drive . it 's lousy . never could drive . Wendy start crack up in the backseat . then jon join in . lenny ( cont 'd ) ( amused ) what nre you a bunch a dummy ? the hell you laugh at ? this only make jon and Wendy laugh louder . now lenny start laugh . everybody be laugh like crazy . eventually , the laughter die down and trail off . a brief silence , then -- lenny ( cont ’d ) do anyone of you remember to tell doris I be outta town for a while ? she get worried . Wendy and jon nervously glance at each other in the rear view mirror . jon uh , yeah , dad , I take care of that . nothing to worry about . 69 70 7 43 . ext . BUFFALO street - night ( moving ) 69 a commercial strip : low building , out - date store , fast food restaurant . int . / ext . car - night 70 as they pull up in front of the valley view , the illuminated sign flicker . Wendy take in the building and its surroundings . wendy ( under she breath ) where 's the view ? int . valley view nursing home - night 7 Wendy , jon and lenny ( once again in a borrow wheelchair ) be be lead through the facility by a heavy- hipped African - american nurse , ms. robinson . she 's tired but not unkind . Wendy and jon carry suitcase and plastic bag with lenny 's thing . lenny cradle a bag in he lap . ms . robinson we do not usually admit new resident after five o'clock , but I understand you come a long way . be not that right Mr. Savage ? lenny what would ya say ? ms . robinson ( louder ) you come a long way . lenny not too bad . wendy'' moving pov -~ the staff be scarce at this down - at- the-heel facility . resident be lightly scattered about the communal space . some be park in hallway . other wander . as they pass a laundry cart fill with dirty sheet , Wendy take a whiff . her nostril flare . lenny seem unaware of what exactly be happen . his expression be peaceful , almost dreamy . a cat dart across the hall . 72 73 44 . ms . robinson that 's Winston , we call he the Mayor . another hallway -~ 72 Ms. Robinson lead lenny , Wendy and jon to -~ room B - 26 ~ she knock lightly . no response . she turn the knob and look back at the savage — — ms . robinson ( cont 'd ) here we be . she push open the door . int . room b- 26 - continuous 73 as they pass through the small entranceway ms . robinson ( point thing out ) the bathroom and the closet here you will share with Mr. sperry . Ms. Robinson usher everyone past a curtained - off bed space and into the back half of the room . lenny , Wendy and jon stop and look around . there Pov -- the camera pan across a hospital - style bed , a orange vinyl chair and a window where among sloping telephone wire , the top branch of a bare tree can be see . ms . robinson ( cont ’d ) this be just the bare essential , of course . ohce you move in , you can 's dress it up anyway you want . ( poke she head through the courtesy curtain ) Mr. sperry ? you want to meet you new neighbor ? Mr. Savage ? after a moment , she pull the curtain open to expose mr . sperry , 80 , in a hospital gown read a large print agatha Christie mystery . he greet the family with a stiff wave and a crooked smile . mr . sperry hi there . 4 45 . a odd suspend moment as everyone look at the old man in the bed . and then , just like that , Ms. Robinson close the curtain . show 's over . ms . robinson I will leave you alone to look around and get yourselves together . ( low to jon ) I need you to sign some papers . 1/11 send someone in to get he ready for bed . later -- 74 Wendy be put lenny 's clothes into a bureau . a aide enter -- jimmy , 30 , a skinny , handsome nigerian guy with dreadlock . oimmy ( nigerian accent ) hi. wendy hi. oimmy you be gonna need to write down he name on all he thing so nothing get lose . you like red or green ? Jimmy produce two laundry marker . she reach for the red one . jimmy ( cont 'd ) ( to lenny ) good evening sir , I be Jimmy . lenny Leonard Savage . om mmy good to meet you . lenny ditto . oimmy ( to Wendy ) make sure to include B - 26 , the room number . lemme show you . Jimmy step up to the bureau , take one of lenny 's t-shirt and write on the inside collar : L. Savage . B - 26 . then , with a flourish he draw a silly smiley face . Wendy be charme . in the mirror above the bureau she watch 46 . Jimmy talk to lenny as she begin to mark lenny 's shirt . jimmy ( cont ’d ) you ready for a good night 's sleep ? gimme you arm up in the air . come on . up. up like you be under arrest . lenny lift he arm stiffly . jimmy ( cont 'd ) good man . you ever do time , Mr. Savage ? lenny laugh . Jimmy pull he shirt off over he head . 75 the hallway outside lenny 's room - later 75 Mrs. Robinson be give jon and Wendy final word of advice . ms . robinson ( hushed voice ) it 's a good idea not to make too big of a thing when you leave for the first time . just go real casual . no big good - by . you do not want to get he agitate before he adjust and settles into he new home . 16 back in the room -~ 16 Wendy and jon pull on they coat . lenny watch they from bed . jon so everything okay , dad ? lenny not bad . jon okay then we will see you tomorrow . wendy good night dad . jon stand by as Wendy bend down and kiss she father good night . they head toward the door . lenny hey Wendy and jon stop and turn around , expect the worst . jon what , dad ? 17 78 79 80 47 . lenny do not forget to tip the girl on the way out . ' they expect it in a nice hotel like this . int . hallway - continuous 17 jon and Wendy walk quickly and silently toward the exit . ext . nursing home parking lot - night 78 the heavy door fly open and Wendy and jon hurl themselves from the building and crunch across the parking lot . breath plume out of they mouth like smoke . it 's freezing cold . halfway across the lot , Wendy stumble to a halt and erupt into a fit of tear . jon what , Wen ? through heaving sob -- wendy he do not even -- know - be take he . jon he still do not know . he do not know where he be . wendy we be horrible , horrible , horrible people , jon . horrible , horrible . ext . jon 's house - night 79 the car pull up . int . foyer / live room - night 80 the door open and jon and Wendy shuffle into the darken foyer . jon flip on the light . Wendy look around . her Pov of the live room pile of book , newspaper and magazine . heaps of hand label video and audio tape stack all around the tv . 1 4g . wendy it look like the unibomber life here . jon yeah , well I have be do a lot of research for the book . the couch be actually pretty comfortable . wendy great ... where be it ? Wendy watch as jon remove stack of book that nearly bury the couch . she join he and start to move book as well . jon that need to go over here , actually . jon take the book from Wendy and put they in a specific place . when jon turn around , he discover that Wendy be lift more book from the couch . jon ( cont 'd ) ( take book from she ) it do not look like it , I know , but there 's actually a system to all of this . wendy ( with raise hand ) oooch -kay . Wendy move out of the way and watch as she brother obsessively re-organize the book . int . jon 's bedroom - night 1 Wendy flip on a light and enter . she take a pillow from jon 's unmade bed , then notice a prescription pill bottle on he nightstand . she pick up the bottle , yell downstairs -- wendy jon , what 's Zocor ? jon ( 0.8 . ) get out of my room , Wendy . wendy be that for depression ? jon ( 0.8 . ) it 's for cholesterol . 82 49 . wendy you have high cholesterol ? jon ( 0.8 . ) ves ! now Wendy notice a shopping bag full of mail and brochure . she kneel down to take a closer look . wendy be this all you nursing home research ? jon Wendy ! int . live room - later 82 the couch have be make , but jon be still organize he book , apparently unable to stop . Wendy shuffles in , carry the pillow and the shopping bag she find upstairs . she toss the pillow on the couch and sit down to dig through the bag . wendy most of this be not even open . jon I get on some list , they just keep come . Wendy pull out a large , full - color brochure and begin to leaf through it . wendy Hill Haven . this look nice . jon it 's in vermont . I really wish you have not bring that down . Wendy stuff the brochure back into the bag and climb under the blanket . she squirm around uncomfortably , then dig under the cushion and pull out a a crushed paperback . wendy jon . jon look up . Wendy hold the book out to he . jon what be it ? 50 . wendy ( pointedly ) '' theater of the absurd . " jon retrieve the book , put it in its proper place and continue to hover over he pile . wendy ( cont 'd ) be you go to stop ? jon yeah , yeah , sorry . jon begin switching off the light . as he do , he notice he sister 's troubled expression . jon ( cont 'd ) we be do the right thing , Wen . we be take better care of the old man than he ever do of we . wendy ( not sure ) I know . jon ( climb the stair ) goodnight . wendy ' night . a radiator hiss as Wendy lie in the dark with she eye wide open . a note of music , then —- narrator ( pre - lap ) we know that this be one of the toughest decision of you life dissolve to : image of crashing surf on a tv . narrator ( cont 'd ) what to do when the parent who take care of you can no longer take care of themself . reverse angle ~ Wendy sit in the dark watch a promotional videotape for greenhill manor -- a luxury nursing home . she 's eat a bowl of cereal and the floor around she be cover in nursing home brochure . 83 83a 84 85 86 51 . narrator ( cont 'd ) we know how hard this can be , that 's why here at greenhill manor we be commit to provide the high quality of care to we resident ... ' the camera move in on wendy as she watch , transfix . on t.v. : image of a beautifully landscaped estate that look more like a New England prep school than a nursing home . word appear and disappear over the image . word like : commitment . Community . compassion . sentimental music play over gauzy photo of happy senior be attend to by a caring staff . ext . jon 's house - day 83 from inside the car -- a ice and snow packed windshield . a scraper appear and push the snow away to reveal jon on the other side . his breath be visible as he scrape . Wendy sit inside and watch . ' the camera move toward the windshield , past Wendy , through the hole jon have create , past jon , past the top of the tree and into the winter sky -- 83a orchestral music swell , a ghostly black and white fred astaire appear and begin to sing , as though perform for we from the great beyond . fred astaire Heaven . I be in heaven . and my heart beat so that I can hardly speak ... tilt down to reveal -~ ext . valley view - day 84 it look particularly bleak on this snowy winter day . omitted 85 int . valley view - day 86 the music continue , but now it emanate from a boombox , suddenly sounding thin and tinny . a roompul of resident with they arm over they head move in slow motion in rhythm to the song . 87 52 . they be take part in a exercise class overseen by a physical therapist . lenny be among they , skeptical , but play along . int . valley view - office - day 87 Wendy and jon sit across from a administrator . Fred astaire can be hear in the distance . administrator ( refer to a file ) well , it look like all he medicaid be square away . and as far as he advance directive — the administrator pop a pen in she mouth , hold it between she tooth as she leaf through some papers . wendy hey , I take that . the administrator look up . wendy ( cont 'd ) ( point ) on you pen . the administrator look at she pen . it be imprint with a ad for xanax . wendy ( cont 'd ) for anxiety . not all the time . just when I need it . the administrator smile vaguely and return to she work . jon look at he sister sideways . administrator so here 's the Health Care Proxy we talk about and the live will material . we will need this sign both by you and you father . she hold the papers over the desk . jon and Wendy both reach for they , but the administrator hand they to jon . Wendy feel slighted . administrator ( cont ’d ) ' the only other thing miss be the paperwork regard funeral arrangement . we will need to know about you father 's burial or cremation plan . Wendy and jon stare at she , take aback . 88 89 53. omitted 88 int . diner - day 89 the savage sit in a booth . jon be hold a hearing aid between two finger show it to he father like it 's a exotic bug . jon you see dad , if you switch this little thing here you can change the volume and you can turn it off . jon hand the hearing aid to lenny . lenny put it in he ear . jon ( cont 'd ) how 's that ? be it a good level ? lenny yeah . a awkward pause . Wendy and jon exchange nervous look . jon uh , dad we need to talk about a couple of ' thing . lenny okay . wendy we do not want you to take it in the wrong way . jon it 's just some question that will make everything easier in the long run . lenny nod reasonably . Wendy nervously begin ~~ wendy okay , if um , in the event that something happen , how would you , um , you know , want we to , uh - jon dad , suppose you be in a coma ? wendy jon ! 54 . jon would you want a breathe machine to keep you alive ? lenny what kind of question be that ? jon it 's a question that we should know the answer to -- in case . lenny in case what ? jon in case something happen . wendy ( to lenny ) but nothing 's happen right now . nothing new . jon it 's just procedure . something they want for they record . lenny who ? wendy ' the people that run the place . the valley View . lenny what the hell kind of hotel be it ? jon it 's not a hotel , dad . it 's a nursing home . a stunne silence . lenny 's eye drift to a spot on the ground and stay focus there . jon immediately regret have be so direct . Wendy glare at he . after a long pause -- lenny ( mumble ) unplug I . jon what ? 55 . lenny ( loud and clear ) pull the plug . nearby customer look in they direction . jon and Wendy lower they voice . jon okay , dad . $ 0 , now , once we unplug you . lenny i'm dead . jon right . and then we ... lenny what ? jon what do we do with you ? lenny look at both he child and then he break into a fit of wheeze laughter . lenny ( talk through laughter ) you bury I . what be you a bunch of idiot ? you bury I . lenny continue laugh . unnerve by he outburst , Wendy and jon stare silently at they father , unsure whether to laugh or cry . 90 int . jon 's house - foyer - night 90 the front door open . Wendy step into the darken house and switch on a light . she turn around , startle to discover a woman in a bathrobe , sit in the dimly light live room , hold a glass of whiskey . wendy Jesus ! kasia ( Eastern european accent ) sorry to scare you . wendy ' that 's okay . 56 . kasia jon do not tell you ? wendy what ? kasia ' that I be come . ' typical . just then , jon appear at the front door , carry a big laundry bag . kasia ( cont 'd ) ( to jon ) you just give you sister heart attack . she do not expect to find Polish woman in she brother 's home . jon ( to Wendy ) I tell you . wendy no you do not . jon yes I do . I be take kash to the airport in the morning . early flight . jon hoist the bag over he shoulder and head upstairs . kasia very early . we should leave by 6:30 at latest . jon ( 0s ) okay . kasia look at Wendy , shrug sadly and get up . kasia it 's back to krakow for kasia . wendy yeah , jon tell I . I be sorry . kasia walk to the stair , pause at the bottom . kasia you brother will not marry I , but when I cook he egg , he cry . ( a big sigh ) I should take cab to airport like self - respect feminist woman , but here I be . 91 92 93 57 . kasia climb the stair . int . kitchen - morning 91 egg fry on the stove . kasia tend to they with a spatula . later -- Wendy , jon and kasia eat silently . after a moment , the sound of sniffle . Wendy look up from she plate and see -- jon tear up with appreciation as he chew . Wendy and kasia exchange a look . ext . jon 's house - day 92 the corolla idle out front . kasia climb in as jon load the trunk with suitcase . Wendy stand in the doorway wear a coat over she pajamas as she wave goodbye . int . university gym - tennis court - night 93 Wendy and jon , dress in old t-shirt and converse sneaker , chase the ball with they racket . wendy how would it go at the airport ? jon pine . wendy be it emotional ? jon no . not really . wendy she love you . jon yeah , well ... there be practical consideration that love have nothing to do with . Wendy race after the ball and lob it over the net . wendy like what ? her return go way out of bound . jon shuffles across the court to retrieve the wayward ball . 58 . jon Wendy , do you have any idea how many comp-lit- critical Theory phd there be run around this country look for work ? even if kasia and I do get marry and she stay , she could end up teach at some university that 's farther away from here than Poland ... and then we would not be together either . see what I be say ? Wendy make a comically confuse face . wendy you be a idiot . jon can we just play the game ? wendy pine . jon hit the ball to Wendy . she return it . wendy ( cont 'd ) I get we a interview . jon for what ? wendy a really nice alternative to the Valley View . jon ( irritate ) we just get he in there ! wendy can you hold you judgement until you see this place . it 's beautiful . it 's call greenhill manor . jon sound like a insane asylum . with a loud grunt , jon hit a angry back -hande return , then suddenly drop he racket , grip the side of he neck and grimace in pain ... jon ( cont 'd ) oww ! wendy be you okay ? 94 95 59 . jon ( writhe ) no , I be not okay ! wendy be you have a heart attack ? jon no , Wendy I be not have a heart attack ! ( more pain ) fuck ! int . kitchen - night 94 Wendy stand at the sink fill up a medical - look vinyl bag with water . wendy ( call off - screen ) how much do I fill it up ? jon ( 0s ) ' twenty pound . Wendy look at the bag and see measuring mark with number indicate poundage . she fill it to twenty . the foyer -. 95 Wendy enter carry the unwieldy bag of water . she arrive before jon who stand against the front door shirtless and wear a strange harness contraption wrap underneath he chin and around he head . cord and pulley attach to it lead to a bracket that be hook over the top of the door . the overall effect be not unlike that of a man prepare to hang himself . wendy what do I do with it ? jon ( hold a rod ) hook it to this . Wendy attaches the water bag to the apparatus and then step back to observe the fully assemble contraption . the sight of jon hang there make Wendy laugh . this make jon start to laugh , but the laugh pain he further . jon ( cont 'd ) ow ! do not laugh . ( Wendy laugh more ) it 's not funny . 96 60 . wendy what 's it suppose to do ? jon relieve pressure . I have to stay like this for thirty minute . Wendy look at she brother and , unable to contain herself , she let out another round of laughter . jon ( cont 'd ) Wendy ! give I my mail . Wendy hand he a pile of mail from a nearby table . he sift through it and stop when he come to a bubble envelope . jon ( cont 'd ) this be for you . ( be : the return address ) who 's Larry mendelsohn ? Wendy grab it from he . wendy ( defensive ) a friend ... forward I my mail . jon narrow he eye . jon be that the marry guy ? Wendy head toward the kitchen , leave she brother pin to the door . wendy I be starve . you want something to eat ? jon I think you stop see that creep . wendy ( 0s ) how about tuna melt ? int . kitchen - night 96 ( wo OPEN face tuna melt glow in a ancient toaster oven . Wendy stand at the counter quickly sorting through she mail and stop when she get to a certain envelope . turn it over in she hand , she carefully open it and pull out the letter . 97 61 . close on wendy read with great concentration . she be deeply engross and still for a long moment , then she eye widen and she hand flutter to she mouth . she can not believe what she be read . it 's good news , but there seem to be a little hesitation as well . then -- ding !!! the toaster oven bell startles she - int . foyer - night 97 Wendy enter , carry she mail along with the tuna melt . wendy ( hand one to jon ) here you go . jon mmm . thanks . jon take the tuna melt and cautiously nibble a corner . Wendy perches on the arm of a chair . jon ( cont 'd ) I need you to spend Thanksgiving with dad . wendy we be not go to do it together ? jon it 's my only time to get away for research . wendy well , I have thing I have to do , too . jon ( with a mouth full of tuna ) like what ? wendy like my life for instance in New York City . jon well , maybe it 's time to stop be so self 's involved and think about somebody else 's life for a change . wendy oh , like you who can not put he book aside for one minute while dad die . 62 . jon I have get to get this thing finish , Wendy . '' my editor think it 's a good time for it . wendy yeah , I hear everyone 's really itching for & book about bertolt brecht this holiday season . jon Wendy I be work ! Wendy be hurt . tear well up against she will . wendy ( tiny ) work . jon I know you be . I be sorry . I be sorry . I be sorry . it 's just -- I get a lot riding on this book . and you life be much more portable than mine . wendy what 's that suppose to mean ? like a toilet ? like a porta-potty ? jon no . I be just say , you do not have a job job . I do . I have obligation . you be ... freelance . could not you just hook up with a temp agency down here ? Wendy be shaky . there be a warble in she voice . a pause . wendy um -- actually -- jon , I be be fund , right now ... to work on my play . and maybe that sound a little -- self - involved -- but T also have a obligation to a prestigious foundation that have put a lot of faith in I -- and frankly , have give I a hell of a lot more support than he ever have . jon be quietly stunne . jon you get it ? wendy what ? 63. jon ' the guggenheim ? Wendy sniff back she tear and get control of herself , but there be something measure about she response . wendy yeah . jon really ? wendy yeah , really . why do you sound so surprised ? jon I be not . it 's just a really hard thing to get be all . '' I have apply a half a dozen time and I never get one . wendy well , I do . and so do two hundred - something other people who be consider promise in they field or whatever . why can not you just be happy for I ? jon iam . iam , it 's great . ( bewilder ) ' they must have like a whole different set of criterion for playwright . wendy ' they like my work , jon . they think I be good . be that so hard for you to believe ? jon I believe it . I just can not believe you have be keep it a secret . wendy I just find out . jon just now ? Wendy nod yes and gesture to the mail in she hand . jon ( cont 'd ) oh my god , that 's amazing . it 's really great , Wen . I be really proud of you ... 98 99 64 . wendy you be ? jon yeah . it 's amazing . it 's major . maybe this be you time , Wen . you year . look , how about we both work here and ride out the holiday together and get lot of write do . it will be fun . we can inspire each other . we own little writer 's colony . after a moment , Wendy nod yes . jon ( cont 'd ) I be really proud of you , wen. int . foyer - morning 98 jon walk down the stair wear a foam neck brace . once in the foyer , he stiffly pull on he coat , grab he satchel and turn around to find -— ~ a bulging envelope scotch - tape to the front door . a note on it say : jon , this might help . Love , wen. jon remove a prescription pill bottle from the envelope . the label read : doris metzger -- percocet . int . live room - morning 99 Wendy sleep on the couch . jon appear over she as he examine the vial . jon do they work ? Wendy peel open she eye and nod yes . jon open the vial , spill a pill in he hand , consider it for a moment and swig back with a nearby bottle of water . he place the vial on the coffee table . wendy do not forget that thing tonight . jon give she a pain look . wendy ( cont 'd ) you promise . a99 100 101 102 65 . jon nod in agreement and leave . upon hearing the SOUND of the front door close , Wendy notice the bottle of percocet jon leave behind and think , '' why not ? '' she smile dreamily and reach for the bottle . later ~~ a99 a needle be place on a album . ‘he kink play from the turntable . Wendy do a sexy , utterly private percocet induce dance in the live room . int . / ext . jon 's car - day ~ moving 100 through the windshield , jon watch traffic light that hang from wire float overhead against the dark winter sky . as jon drive , he begin to appreciate the understate beauty of buffalo as it blur by . Boy , that percocet work fast ! after a while , jon dig around in he glove compartment . he produce a ancient cassette and insert it into he tape deck . it 's a scratchy old recording of " 3 penny Opera . '' his foam collar do not prevent he from sing along vigorously in german . int . jon 's bathroom - day 101 Wendy be in the tub , talk on the phone . another album play on the stereo downstairs . she hold she leg in the air , admire she chip nail - polished toe . wendy ( intimate ) you be in my apartment ? int . wendy'' apartment - day 102 Larry lounge on the bed . intercut . larry ( on phone ) I be on you bed with marley . she 's get one of you t-shirt . ( a deep inhale ) mmmm . it smell like you . like lavender and sweat . genghis be here , too . I be totally get a hard - on. 66 . wendy will you please -- larry sorry . wendy how 's genghis ? larry she 's good . you wanna hear she ? wendy yeah . larry c’mere honey . C / mon. Larry hold the phone up to genghis . she meow . wendy ( into phone , to cat ) hello beast . hello Bunny . larry see , she miss you . wendy be you give she she medication ? larry ( he can not remember ) yep . wendy do you water my plant ? Larry suddenly glance over at the visibly dehydrate ficus . larry yep . it 's do good . ( pause ) when be you come back ? wendy after the holiday . thanks for send I my mail . larry no problem ... Wen ? wendy yeah ? 103 67 . larry I be leave town next week for a week . I will not be able to take care of genghis . wendy where be you go ? larry Toronto ... to visit Annie 's family . Wendy slide she leg into the tub and be silent . larry ( cont 'd ) it 's she parent 's twenty - fifth anniversary . Wendy 's eye suddenly well - up with tear as she stare at the ceiling . larry ( cont 'd ) Wendy ?... Wendy ? wendy didya lose you hard - on ? larry Wendy , c’mon . how about I drive up and bring 's genghis ? we can spend the afternoon together . it 'il be fun . ( Wendy do not answer ) I know it 's not the great offer in the world , but it 's something . I have love to be more of a support , but you know my situation Wendy continue to stare up at the ceiling . int . ymca - function room - night 103 a female volunteer counselor in a colorful sweater conduct a support group . on a blackboard behind she it say : " heal through reminiscence . '' counselor now if we could all look at the second page of the blue handout , you will see a section call '' creating special moment . '' twenty middle - age family care -givers , sit on fold chair flipping through photo - copied handout . 68 . counselor ( cont ’d ) if you be ever at a loss for what to do on a visit day with you elder , this list will come in very handy . the door in the back open to reveal Wendy and jon . counselor ( cont 'd ) ( to Wendy and jon ) hello . the entire room turn to look at they . they smile awkwardly . counselor ( cont ’d ) be you here for the support group ? ( Wendy and jon vaguely nod ) you have a family member with dementia ? ( they nod again ) well , you be in the right place . come on in . the audience begin to applaud for they . counselor ( cont 'd ) jeanine , could you get they a couple of packet . jeanine , another volunteer , set out cookies and juice hand Wendy and jon a packet . counselor ( cont 'd ) ' there 's plenty of room up front . Wendy and jon move a few step inside the room but remain stand near the door . counselor ( cont 'd ) we be not gonna hurt you . you have probably be hurt enough already . the audience clap and chuckle in agreement . Wendy and jon be unnerve by the cultish group dynamic . counselor ( cont ’d ) ( address the group again ) we be talk about activity you can share with you confuse elder on visit day . now , I cull this list from a terrific book -- she reach into a big canvas bag , pull out '' eldercare for dummy . '' the audience giggle . 104 105 69 . counselor ( cont ’d ) you laugh , but I love this series . ( thumbing through page ) when my mother be diagnose with parkinson 's , this be my bible . consider it assign 's read . Wendy notice that the table next to they be laid out with sweet . she take a couple of napkin and help herself to cookie , offer some to jon . counselor okay , so . ( read from book ) '' create special moment . '' number one : ask you elder about the old day . ( in she own word ) now , that may seem a little obvious , but when you be deal with dementia you gotta work extra hard at this . you can not just sit on the side of the bed ask question . you have get to bring thing in to help stimulate they memory . Old movie can be a terrific — — distract , she look toward the back of the room . counselor ( cont 'd ) Excuse I -~ Wendy and jon turn around , they mouth stuff with food . counselor ( cont 'd ) we have not serve refreshment yet . the whole room look at they , indignant . omitted 104 int . lounge - night 105 jon and Wendy have '' sign out '' the room for the evening to show a movie . a hand - lettere sign be on display : classic movie night presented by leonard savage 7:30 pm come one , come all ! 70 . schmaltzy melodramatic music plays . a dozen or so resident be watch black and white image flicker on the screen . jon and Wendy sit on either side of lenny , who be transfix by what he see . image of Manhattan 's lower East side in the 1920' be reflect in lenny 's eyeglasses . jon ( whisper ) be that you neighborhood , dad ? lenny ( mumble ) yep . they get that right . some staff stand in the back of the room ~~ kitchen worker and a couple of nurse . on screen -- a mother cook in a tenement kitchen . lenny ( cont 'd ) ' there she be . jon & wendy who ? lenny ( irritate , but quiet ) you see she . she 's cooking dinner for I . on screen -- a father figure enter . lenny ( cont 'd ) ' there 's the bastard . jon ' that 's the father . lenny ( yell at the screen ) bastard ! mr . mcgill , a perpetually disgruntled resident , assert himself . mr . mcgill shut up up there . lenny you shut yourself up . it 's my night . 7 . lenny push himself up and gesture at the screen . lenny ( cont 'd ) ( yell ) he smack I around ! jon dad . it 's okay . sit down . lenny remain stand , stare at the screen . madeline , another resident , speak up . madeline you be in the way of the program . more protest from other resident follow , but lenny be oblivious . mr . mcgill down in front ! nurse Mr. Savage -- wendy jon , he 's get to sit down . lenny , suddenly realize that he 's create a scene , calm 's down . jon help he back in he chair . jon come on , dad . later ~~ it 's quieter now . the audience be under the spell of the movie . on screen -- a dance production be underway . a white entertainer begin to apply black make - up to he face . jon watch with academic interest . whispering come from the back of the room . Wendy twist around in she chair to see what 's go on . her Pov -- the stapf ( haitian , jamaican , dominican ) be mumble to each other . Wendy sink low in she seat . she nudge she brother and gesture for he to take a look . he twist around . jon 's Pov -- more whisper and head shaking from the staff . snippet of various dialect can be hear . 106 107 72 . on screen -- finish with the application of he makeup , the entertainer give a big white showbiz smile . int . valley view - hallway - night 106 Wendy and jon walk down the corridor wear they coat . jon hold the videotape rental in he hand . jon you can not judge it by today 's standard . you have to look at it in a historical context . I just think dad would enjoy a old movie . Wendy and jon arrive at the elevator door situate across from the nurse station , where a small group of nurse and aide be gather . wendy & jon ( aggressively cheerful ) goodnight . as Wendy and jon wait for the elevator , the group at the nurse station regards they with flat stare . wendy ( quietly to jon ) ' thank God we have get that interview tomorrow . jon punch the '' down '' button a few more time . jon let 's take the stair . jon exit and Wendy follow . ext . greenhill manor nursing home - day 107 we recognize the beautifully landscaped estate from the video brochure , only now it 's live . under a bright blue winter sky , Wendy push lenny up a path . jon trail behind . wendy they be go to ask you a bunch of question and you be really go to have to concentrate , dad . it 's important . lenny oh-kay . 108 73. the family disappear inside the impose MAIN build . int . waiting area - day 108 in a strange variation on the college admission process , lenny , Wendy and jon sit among other elderly people and they adult child , also wait to be interview . jon read a brochure while Wendy surreptitiously size up the competition . she dig a SMALL packet from she purse , and shake a few pill into the palm of she hand . wendy dad , open you mouth . Wendy put the pill in lenny 's mouth and hold a water bottle to he lip . jon what be that ? wendy ginkoa-biloba . boost brain function . ( offer he a packet ) you want some ? ( off he dismissive look ) it 's ancient , jon . I be not make it up . ( he 's ' still skeptical ) Fine . do what you want . jon watch as she toss the packet back into she purse and dig around for something else . she uncover a prescription bottle and dispense two pill into she hand . jon it 's like a drugstore in there . Wendy ignore he and pop the pill into she mouth . jon ( cont 'd ) what be that ? wendy ( pill on tongue ) anthidaprethen . you thoud thry they . jon I be not depressed . wendy oh , pleethe . Wendy swig back the pill . 109 74 . woman ( 0.s. ) you must be the savage - Wendy and jon turn to see roz landress ( 50 ) a admission counselor with a file tuck under she arm . int . interview room - day 109 Wendy , jon and roz sit around a Formica table . roz Mr. Savage , I be go to ask you a few question ~ loudly proclaim in a stiff formal style -- lenny my name be leonard michael joseph savage . roz smile kindly . roz okay lenny glance over he shoulder to Wendy and jon as if to say , '' this test be gonna be a cinch . '' roz ( cont 'd ) lenny can you tell I what season we bre in ? lenny cold ! everyone laugh lightly . roz and the season be ? lenny Winter . what d'ya think ? roz and what be the date today ? lenny November . I do not know the day roz okay . can you tell I where we be ? ( pause ) what city be we in ? 75 . lenny think for a moment . he look lose . and then , like a boss dictating to he secretary , he gesture to she paper . lenny put down ' East Coast . 's roz smile and write something down . while she head be lower , Wendy tap she father 's elbow and mouth —- '' buffalo . '' lenny take a moment , then confidently announce lenny ( cont 'd ) Boston ! roz look up . lenny ( cont 'd ) ( loud , with conviction ) Boston , mass . jon widen he eye and look at he sister in disbelief . roz see this exchange . roz you can not help he , Ms. Savage . he have to be able to answer the question himself . wendy it 's just I know he know where we be — — jon Wendy ! wendy what ? he do . jon she 's conduct a tes wendy I know . I be not a idiot , jon lenny ( loud , quavering ) let her ask I the goddamn question ! lenny 's whole body seem to shake and bob from the exertion . everyone be silence . 110 76 . ext . greenhill manor nursing home - day 110 jon push lenny away from the building . Wendy follow . from they tense expression and sideways glance , it 's clear they have a lot to say to each other , but be somehow manage to hold it . the march to jon 's car be painfully silent . ' then - clunk ! jon close the passenger door on lenny and immediately lay into Wendy . jon what do you say to they ? wendy ( guilty and fast ) I say he be pretty good except sometimes he go in and out . jon in and out ? Wendy , the man have dementia ! wendy I know , but ... they only have bed for people ' that be more independent ... and I think if we could just get he in there .... jon notice lenny peer out from the car and urgently gesture for Wendy to follow he . he march several yard away from the car . Wendy catch up with he . jon you be waste we time on fantasy . wenby she say she would put he on one of the wait list . I mean , Jesus , I be just do it for dad . jon Wendy , dad be not the one that have a problem with the Valley View . wendy I just want to improve dad 's situation . be that a crime ? jon there be nothing wrong with dad 's situation . dad 's situation be fine . but he 's never go to adjust to it if we keep yanking he out of there . ( more ) 77 . jon ( cont 'd ) actually , this whole upward mobility fixation of yours be counter productive and frankly pretty selfish . wendy selfish ? jon this thing be not about dad , it 's about you . you and you guilt . ' that 's what this place prey upon . wendy I just think it 's nicer here . jon of course you do . you be the consumer that they want to target . you be the guilty demographic . the landscape , the '' neighborhood of care . '' they be not for the resident . they be for the relative , like you and I who do not want to admit what be really go on here . wendy which be he bellow . jon people be dying , Wendy ! right inside that beautiful building -- right not it 's a fuck horror show ! and all this wellness propaganda and landscape be just try to obscure the miserable fact that people die and death be gaseous and gruesome and fill with piss and shit and rot and stink ! the faint SOUND of squeaking . jon and Wendy turn to see -- a woman wheeling her frail grandmother across the lot . she be clearly upset by jon 's ranting . woman , ( protectively ) c' mon nana . Wendy and jon watch the woman pass , deeply ashamed of they display . to make thing worse , they notice that lenny be peer out at they from the car , bewilder by what 's go on . fade out ql 112 113 114 1s 78. omitted qi omitted 112 int . valley view nursing home - day 113 on the event bulletin board . a paper thanksgive turkey be pluck off and replace by a paper santa , which be staple gunned down . the camera pan to find -~ Wendy walk down the hall carry several shopping bag from urban outfitter . int . lenny 's room - dusk 114 a series of shot as Wendy decorate the room with : -- a bedside lamp . she click it on and step back to admire its cozy amber glow . = ~ a large red velour pillow , which she prop against the headboard . = ~ a supermarket plant that she find a spot for on the windowsill . =-a bronze ganesh which she position next to the plant . later ~~ 11 Wendy insert a plug in the wall and look up at she most extravagant purchase -- a lava lamp , glow ominously on the bureau . wendy what do you think , dad ? wide ~~ night have fall . lenny sit on the side of the bed in he newly decorate room , which be now less nursing home , more dorm room . lenny ( look at the lava lamp ) what 's it do ? wendy nothing . it 's just something to look at . lenny nod in bewilder appreciation . 79 . young aide ( 0s ) how you do Mr. Savage ? lenny hi ya Jimmy . Wendy whip around , eager to see Jimmy , but discover another young black aide enter the room instead . she 's deeply embarrassed by she father 's mistake . wendy ' that 's not Jimmy , dad . lenny ' the hell be you talk about ? wendy it 's someone else . ( to the aide ) sorry , he 's kind of ... aide ( unfaze ) that 's alright . ( to lenny ) it 's Howard , Mr. Savage . I be here to put you in bed . 's Thursday be Jimmy 's night off . as Howard begin help lenny get ready for bed , Wendy put she coat on . wendy I better get go . ( kissing he ) good night . dad . lenny good night . on she way out , through the curtain -~ wendy goodnight , Mr. sperry . mr . sperry ( 0.s. ) goodnight . Howard tuck lenny in and snap the bed-rail up . a mechanical hum can be hear as Howard lower the bed into the sleep position . Howard shut off the new bedside lamp , then go to the lava lamp and click it off as well ! ' the room be dark . 116 17 80 . lenny ( mumble ) leave it on . howard be you sure ? wo not keep you up ? lenny yeah , I be sure . howard ( turn the lava lamp on ) alright . there you go . good night Mr. Savage . lenny good night . Howard leave . like a child who be scared of the dark , lenny pull the blanket up to he face , leave only he eye expose . he look at the lava lamp for comfort . the red liquid glob move about hypnotically . int . jon 's study - day 116 in he second floor office , jon type at he computer . interrupted by a honking horn , he look out the window . jon 's pov - a car idle in the street . Wendy appear , pull on she coat as she hurry toward the car . ext . STREET - continuous 17 Wendy arrive at the open window of the car . Larry be inside with marley , who be overjoy to see Wendy . larry hey , Wen . wendy hi. they exchange a simple , unromantic kiss . marley try to climb over Larry and get she share of attention . larry whoa , marley . take it easy . wendy ( rub marley 's head ) yes , honey . you , too . you , too . ( more ) 1g bl . wendy ( cont 'd ) ( to Larry ) where 's the beast ? Larry reach into the foot - well behind the passenger seat and lift up a cat carrier . through the little cage open , genghis can be see , meowing . Wendy poke a finger in and wiggle it around . wendy ( cont 'd ) hello bundle . hello beast . ( to Larry ) do you remember she papers ? he hold up a old manila file , which Wendy take . wendy ( cont 'd ) ' thanks . ( be : marley ) how 's she do ? larry she 's ... you know , hang in there . her hind leg be really bother she . but I find this great vet at the Animal Hospital . that place on the east side . they have she in physical therapy . do you believe it ? she hang out in a whirlpool twice a week . Wendy let out a tiny laugh . larry ( cont 'd ) get in . we will take a ride . I have never be to buffalo . Wendy hesitates . larry ( cont 'd ) let 's have some fun . I have miss you . Wendy think for a moment , then turn and yell up to jon 's second story office window . wendy jon ! jon ! ( no response ) jon ! int . / ext . jon 's office - same time 118 jon be at the computer again , try to concentrate , when beep , beep ! that horn again ! he stop work , look out the window , then open it . 82 . jon what ? wendy I be gonna go out for a minute . jon okay . wendy um -- this be my friend , Larry . ( to Larry ) this be jon. larry ( wave ) hi , jon. jon ( unenthuse ) be , Larry . larry Wendy 's tell I a lot about you . jon nod . larry ( cont ’d ) I love you essay on '' mother courage , '' by the way . Wendy show it to I . I do a production of it and it be a huge help . jon smile stiffly -- he 's not buy this flattery . Wendy take the hint . wendy I will see you later . jon okay . jon pull the window close and disappear from view . as Wendy walk around to get in the car —- larry he seem really nice . Wendy climb in and notice a unhealthy plant poke out of a box in the backseat . wendy be that my ficus ? 11g 122 123 83. the car take off . int.car / ext . BUFFALO - day 1g a quick sight - see montage . Wendy and Larry try to have fun at various sight . it 's not easy . there 's not much to see in buffalo . they drive to niagara fall . they take picture with a disposable camera . marley hobble along with they , try the best she can to be a part of thing . they play in the snow and throw snowballs at each other . Larry accidently hit Wendy in the eye and she become angry at he . ext . niagara fall day inn - night 122 Larry 's car be park out front . int . niagara fall day inn - night 123 Larry and Wendy be make out . genghis and marley have find spot for themselves , far from the action . Wendy suddenly pull away from Larry . larry what ? wendy I do not know ... you kill my plant . larry no , I do not . wendy well , it 's not thriving . it be thriving when I leave . larry I be sorry . she heave a agitate sigh . wendy it 's not the plant . the plant be symbolic . larry of what ? Wendy look at he squarely . 84. wendy what do you think ? larry I know this be not perfect . wendy not perfect ?! Larry , come on . I have a m.f.a. , for christsake ! I mean , look at this . ' we be in a motel room in buffalo . it 's embarrassing . we be a cliche . larry what cliché ? wendy ' the mid-life crisis cliché . larry whose ? wendy ( be he that clueless ? ) your . you be marry . you be cheating . you be sleep with a young woman . classic . ' try to be gentle , but not entirely successful larry uh , Wendy . you be not exactly a young woman . wendy what 's that suppose to mean ? larry you be thirty - nine . wendy you be fifty - two . larry so? wendy so , that make you older . larry yeah , technically . but this be not exactly the paradigm of a prototypical winter / spring romance . Annie 's forty - six . Wendy look at he . 85 . larry ( cont 'd ) I mean , you be not my little student . it 's not like we have get '' the Blue angel '' go on here . the comment just land there oddly . Wendy cock she head to the side and make a exaggerated expression of confusion . larry ( cont 'd ) ( impatient ) the professor character in '' the Blue angel , '' the film . wendy I know the movie , Larry . larry yeah so , the poor slob have a affair with he student and he life be destroy by it . von stroheim . wendy von sternberg . larry whatever . you know what I mean . marlene Dietrich . wendy she 's not a student . she 's a nightclub singer . but there be a francine prose novel by the same name that be about a professor- student relationship larry why do you do this ? wendy what ? larry you do it all the time . and on top of it , you insult I by tell I I be the one have a mid-life crisis here , when you be the one have a affair with a marry guy instead of seek real intimacy with someone who be available for a real commitment . and you know it 's all about you father . Wendy be stunne , but keep go . 124 125 86 . wendy hey , I be just have a normal , healthy sex life here . I be not betray anyone . larry only yourself . sock in the stomach and wind -- wendy you know , I can not even believe I put up with it actually . that I be even participate be so ... larry sad ? wendy what ? larry nothing . Wendy stare at Larry , she face tight . a far off rumble can be hear get louder and louder . it be the sound of Wendy 's resentment grow . ext . valley view - night 124 ' the rumble continue as Larry 's car pull up and the passenger door swing open . angry and tear-streaked , Wendy remove she cat carrier , litter BOX and ficus tree from he car . Larry stand by helplessly as she collect everything into a awkward bundle and storm off into the facility . larry ( feebly ) Wendy . int . lenny 's room - continuous 125 Wendy enter . lenny watch a Jimmy cagney movie , white heat , on t.v. jon sit in a chair use he laptop . the first thing Wendy notice be that the dread fluorescent light above lenny 's bed be on . the lamp she buy sit on the night table , unlit . wendy can we not use this horrible light , please ? it 's depress . 87 . she put down she load , cross the room and switch off the fluorescent light . wendy ( cont ’d ) I buy you this one , remember ? ( switch on lamp by bed ) see how nice it be . it 's homey . no response from lenny . he concentrate on Jimmy cagney . Wendy go to get the cat carrier . wendy ( cont 'd ) dad , I want to show you something . lenny I be watch a picture . wendy pine . Wendy flop down in a chair and thumb through a old aarp Magazine call " modern maturity . '' jon Wendy ? she turn to she brother who gesture to the cat carrier . jon ( cont ’d ) what 's go on with that ? wendy it 's not go to effect you in any way , okay ? they say it be perfectly fine to have she stay here as long as I can prove she 's have she shot . jon I still do not think it 's a good idea . wendy they like animal here , jon . apparently , they be good for the résident 's well - be . they reduce stress . so , would you please fuck calm down about it ! on t.v. : the final scene of white heat . cagney on top of the gas tank , shoot wildly into a tank and immolate himself . the end . '' Wendy switch off the t.v . wendy ( cont 'd ) dad , I want you to meet someone . she lift up the cat carrier , hold it in front of he . 8. wendy ( cont 'd ) look inside . lenny try to lean forward with difficulty . lenny I do not see anything . wendy here , lemme prop you up . Wendy put down the cat carrier and glance around the room look for something . wendy ( cont 'd ) where 's dad 's pillow ? jon what pillow ? wendy the big red one . from urban outfitter 's . ( jon look blank ) you see it . I buy it for he . ( jon shrug ) Jesus , jon ! she storm out of the room . 126 the nurse's station desk - continuous 126 a few nursing home staffer be watch the local news ona small t.v. wendy Excuse I ? a attendant look up . but she attention be split between Wendy and she program . wendy ( cont 'd ) my father have a big red pillow I buy for he and it 's miss from he room . attendant I just start my shift . try Simone in the lounge . 127 in the lounge -- 127 Wendy march in . several resident be park in wheelchair stare up at a large t.v. 128 89 . suspend from the ceiling . a attendant stand among they with the remote control flipping through channel look for a particular program . wendy be you Simone ? attendant iam . wendy I be lenny Savage 's daughter in B - 26 . he have a big red pillow I buy for he , it 's miss . simone , do it have he name on it ? wendy and he room number . simone , what 's it look like ? wendy ( flat , sarcastic ) big. red. pillow . Simone shake she head no . int . valley view - hallway - night 128 a angry Wendy storm back toward she father 's room , stop in she track to turn and look down the opposite length of the corridor . wendy 's pov -- a cluster of resident . among they -- a old woman in a wheelchair , who hold lenny 's red pillow in she lap . Wendy march towards the old woman . wendy Excuse I ? no response . the woman be in she own private world . the camera tilt down to the woman 's knotty hand , stroking the pillow like it 's a pet . wendy ( cont 'd ) ( louder ) Excuse I . ma'am ? 129 90 . the woman flicker to some vague sense of consciousness and regards Wendy . wendy ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry . that belong to my father . unclear what Wendy be refer to , the woman look at she with a quizzical expression . wendy ( cont 'd ) ( nice , but loud ) ' the pillow ! the woman now look concerned . maybe even quietly panicked . wendy ( cont 'd ) it do not belong to you . it belong to my father . Wendy try to pull the pillow from the Old Lady , but she will not release she grip . wendy ( cont 'd ) please let go . it do not belong to you . Wendy pull again and this time succeed in remove it from the old woman 's hand . wendy ( cont 'd ) ' thank you . then , a bellow , unearthly moan . old woman nooooh ! Wendy , terrify , pivot around into a close up and the camera track with she as she walk down the corridor toward she father 's room . in the background , a attendant hurry over to comfort the woman . attendant Mrs. friedman , what happen , honey ? Wendy flinch at the sound of the attendant 's voice , but like someone escape from the scene of a crime , she do not look back . int . lenny' room - continuous 129 Wendy enter and hand the pillow to lenny . gl . wendy here you go , dad . he push it away . wendy ( cont ’d ) dad I think you might like this to prop yourself up . here , lean forward . she sandwich the pillow between she father 's back and the headboard . wendy ( cont 'd ) ' there . she stand back to observe she caretake accomplishment , but lenny wiggle the pillow out from behind he back and push it away . it land on the floor . wendy ( cont 'd ) dad . she pick up the pillow and brushes it off . jon Wendy , forget it . lenny I do not wannit . wendy be you sure ? I think you would be more comfortable . again , she try to prop it behind lenny . lenny ( sharp ) I do not want it ! can not ya hear ?! lenny violently push the pillow back at Wendy . Wendy just stand there with it , humiliate and stunne . lenny ( cont 'd ) ( to jon ) what the hell do she think I be payin 's she for , to bother I ? Wendy 's eye immediately well up . jon see this . jon Wendy , he do not know what he 's talk about . 130 92 . she throw the pillow on the floor , pick up the cat carrier and rush out of the room 's in tear . ext . nursing home parking lot - night 130 the door open and Wendy stumble out , hold she cat carrier . she wipe she nose with the top of she hand and then just stand there lean against the wall and sniffle . slowly she turn to she leave to discover that she be not alone out there . lean against the wall a few foot away be a group of staffer on a break , among they , Jimmy , who smoke a cigarette and nod to she . Wendy produce a weak smile , then turn back to stare at she shoe . she 's wear a pair of unattractive flat with thick sock . she hate what she see . ommmy you want one ? Wendy look up to see Jimmy offer she a cigarette . she shrug in the affirmative . Jimmy slide over and hand she one . wendy ' thanks . oimmy ( lighting it for she ) nobody smoke anymore , right ? we be stupid to smoke . especially after spend time here and still do it , that make we extra stupid . Wendy smile politely and take a drag . jimmy ( cont 'd ) what 's in the box ? wendy my cat . oimmy takin 's it out for a walk ? Wendy smile a little . there be a long awkward silence as Jimmy and Wendy stand there smoking among the freeze car . genghis meow from the carrier . 131 93. jimmy ( cont 'd ) you cat be cold . wendy yeah . oimmy you want to sit in my van ? 1/11 turn on the heat . wendy no , it 's okay . I be go to go back in ina minute . they stand there for another moment . jimny see Wendy shiver a little . oimmy c'mon . this be nut . I be right over here . Jimmy chivalrously pick up the cat carrier and usher Wendy over to - he beat up van he open the passenger side door and quickly clear off the seat by toss some of the junk into the back . he help Wendy in and hand she the cat carrier . int . van - night - continuous 131 he get in on the driver 's side and immediately turn the ignition and the heat . he dig around and offer a crush box of kleenex to a snotty Wendy . she accept . oimmy this place be crazy , right ? Wendy let out a quick breath of air in agreement . Jimmy take a drag from he cigarette . they sit there . it 's too intimate . jimmy ( cont ’d ) ( look inside carrier ) you mind if I introduce myself ? Jimmy open the little metal door and take the cat out . jimmy ( cont 'd ) what 's he name ? 94 . wendy genghis . as in genghis Khan . it 's a she . Jimmy play expertly with the cat . he immediately make she purr . ommmy she 's a lover , not a fighter . yes she be . how 's he do ? Wendy look at he . jimmy ( cont 'd ) my friend in b- 26 . wendy he 's good . well , T mean , you know , not good , but fine . ' okay . ommmy he like tater-tots . Wendy look at he . huh ? jimmy ( cont ’d ) it 's the only thing he touch sometimes . I slip he extras when I can . double serve . Wendy smile . jimmy ( cont 'd ) you marry ? wendy no ... but my boyfriend be . Jimmy laugh . oimmy do you mother know you be do that ? wendy she 's not really in the picture . oimmy she dead ? that 's why she never come around ? wendy no , just kind of obsolete in the parent department . she be never very good at it . neither be my father actually . 95 . oimmy so that 's why a pretty woman do not have a husband and a family of she own . Wendy blushes at the attention . jimmy ( cont 'd ) what do you do when you be not here ? wendy oh , stuff . om mmy I mean , I be a aide in a nursing home , what be you ? wendy oh , I be ...a... a theater person . I mean , I temp too , for money ... but that 's not my main thing . I write play . oimmy like Shakespeare ? wendy yeah , well , not as good . oimmy what be yours about ? wendy my play ? oimmy can I read one ? wendy be you kid ? oimmy no. wendy you actually want to read one of my play ? oimmy what 's so strange about that ? wendy in my world nobody really want to read somebody 's unproduce play . ( off Jimmy 's look ) I just print out a copy of the draft I be work on . I have get it in my bag . 96 . oimmy great . I have get a long shift . I be do graveyard . ( awkward silence , then --) you father be do okay , by the way . he 's get some time leave . wendy how do you know ? oimmy I keep a eye on he . I notice . wendy noticed what ? oimmy his toe . they have not start to curl under yet . ( off Wendy 's look ) ' the toe curl under a few day before they go . wendy be that like a jamaican folklore thing or something ? oimmy it 's something I learn from be here . we all talk about it . it 's always the same . wendy ' the toe curl ? oimmy ( nodd ) like the witch in '' the wizard of Oz . " a couple of day before . wendy why , do you think ? oimmy they say it 's the air leave the body . a strange silence . then Jimmy blow a smoke ring . it float in the air . they both stare at it . jimmy ( cont 'd ) I be from Nigeria , by the way . 132 133 97 . int . lenny 's room - night 132 lenny be asleep . the bed be in the upright position . it suddenly begin to hum as it be lower by Jimmy . Wendy quietly set up SMALL bowls for genghis 's food and water . genghis sit on top of the red pillow . Wendy pull a copy of her play from she bag and hand it to jimny . close on the title page -~ " wake I when it 's over , '' a play by Wendy Savage . Jimmy smile . Wendy smile back . Jimmy quietly head out the door . ' they wave goodbye to each other . once Jimmy leave , Wendy go to the end of the bed and gently lift the sheet . her Pov of lenny 's feet -~ a little crooked from a lifetime of use , but basically intact . jon ( 0s ) ( whisper ) Wendy . Wendy turn to see she brother wait for she outside the door with he coat on . he lift up he hand to say , '' what be you do ? '' she cover lenny 's foot , shut off a light and tip toe out of the room . the lava lamp glow . fade to black . under black ~~ the sickening SOUND of cheery sleigh bell . fade in : int . nursing home hallway - day 133 a large christmas tree be be carry down the hall . the person who carry it be totally obscure by the bulk of the branch . it look like the tree be walk by itself . song just hear that sleigh bell jingle - ing Ring ting tingle - ing too , come on , it 's lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with you .... 134 135 98. omitted 134 ext . mall parking lot - day 135 it 's decorate for Christmas . over a p.a. system the song continue to play — song giddy - yap giddy - yap giddy - yap let 's go let 's look at the snow we be riding in a wonderland of snow ... lenny have a shopping bag on he lap as jon push he toward the car . Wendy also carry shopping bag . at the car ~~ lenny be already inside . with Wendy 's help , jon place the fold - up wheelchair into the trunk . as jon close the trunk , Wendy go to open the door on the driver 's side but she can not . wendy jon , it 's lock . jon stand there for a moment look at Wendy over the roof of the car . he have something on he mind . wendy ( cont 'd ) c' mon jon. open it . jon they publish the list in the paper and you hame be not on it . wendy what ? jon ' the guggenheim Foundation take out a ad in the New York Times announce they fellow for the year and you name be not on it . wendy that 's weird . I guess it be a oversight . can we get in ? I be freezing . jon it be not . 137 99 . wendy what ? jon a oversight . wendy how do you know ? jon because I call the guggenheim Foundation . wendy ( through clench tooth ) will you let I in the car . jon unlock the door . int . jon 's car - continuous 137 Wendy angrily push the driver 's seat forward and climb past it into the backseat . wendy hi dad . lenny hi. jon get in but do not start the car . he 's not let this go . jon I call they to find out why you name be not on the list . wendy why would you do that ? jon I be look out for you . wendy you be police I . you be sick . that 's sick , jon. jon start the car and put it into reverse . jon you be the sick one , Wendy - 138 100 . he back out of the parking space and in he agitate state almost hit a family of shopper . through the rear window -- the father of the family bang he open palm on the trunk . father hey ! idiot ! look where you be go . int . / ext . jon be car - highway - day 138 jon drive , glance in the rear view mirror at Wendy , who sit arm cross . lenny wearily endure the ride . jon a friend of mine do some consulting for ' the guggenheim Foundation and he look you up in the computer . you have be reject eight time . wendy so -- how many time have you be reject ? jon that 's not the point . six . wendy the point be that you do not think I have any talent . the point be that you call they because you just could not believe you little sister be good enough to get one of they . sick of the bicker , lenny pull he wool hat low and sink into he seat . his hand drift up to he ear . ecu lenny 's ear -- as he tremble finger reach behind it and push the switch on the hearing aid . all SOUND drop into a aural mute haze . a small expression of relief come over lenny 's face as he drift into what look like a state of content resignation . his eyelid get heavy . he look at jon and Wendy . ' they continue to argue , but the word be murky . they might be say something like this : jon that 's not true . 139 101 . wendy yes , it be . you want you suspicion confirm . you be just like he . he never think I be good at anything either . lenny lean he head against the window and look out . he pov —- of the highway pass by . it 's all slightly blurry and dreamy . ext . the valley view - dusk 139 the corolla pull into a parking space . jon climb out , then Wendy . jon open the trunk , hoist the wheelchair out and set it on the ground . jon where do the money come from , Wen ? wendy I get a grant . jon cut the crap , Wendy . jon slam the trunk shut . wendy I get a grant , jon ! I do ! okay , fine , I do not win a guggenheim . Big fuck deal . it be a different kind of grant . jon what kind ? wendy what ? jon you say you get a different kind of grant . what do you get ? a agonize pause from Wendy . she squirm around and then finally surrender . wendy ( weakly ) feema . jon what ? I have never hear of that . 102 . wendy ( repeat flatly ) feema . jon ( to himself , confuse ) feema ? feema ( get it ) fema . Federal emergency management ? Wendy nod she head yes . jon ( cont 'd ) you take money from fema ... wendy I be grant the money . jon what be the federal emergency ? wendy nine -eleven . jon what 's that get to do with you ? wendy I work downtown . I be affect . jon everyone be affect . the whole world be affect . but they be not go around take money away from people who really need it . wendy there be no work for month . all the temp apply . I do not do it at first ... look , I be try to get my life ' together . jon by steal money from the federal government ? wendy I do not steal it , jon . ' there be a thing where you could apply if you lose twenty - five percent of you income or something like that . I can not remember the detail . call fema . ask they . apparently they caré about I more than you do . 140 1400 , 141 103 . Wendy grab the wheelchair and roll it around to the passenger side of the car . she swing the car door open . Inside , lenny sit with he eye close . int . nursing home - night 140 close on the lava lamp glow . close on lenny in bed stare at it . the camera drift down the side of he body which be cover in a white sheet and finally stop at the bottom of he bed where he foot point upright create a tent . after a moment , the tent begin to cave in . his toe be curling under . 's genghis sit on the windowsill stare at he . she meow , then jump down and run out of the room . fade to black . under black -— ring ! ring ! ring ! 40a , int . jon 's bedroom - night 141 a phone be ringing . jon asleep in bed reach for it . jon hello ?... yes ... it 's okay , what 's wrong ? be he alright ? jon snap on a light and sit up . Wendy appear in the doorway and drift into the room . jon ( cont 'd ) what ?... really ? when ? okay . I understand . we will be right over . jon hang up the phone . wendy be he okay ? jon it 's not dad . it 's genghis . Wendy stare at jon. 142 143 104 . jon ( cont 'd ) she get in a fight with that other cat . ' they want we to get she now . Wendy rush to get ready . jon lumber out of bed , irritate . jon ( cont 'd ) ( yell 0.8 . ) I tell you that cat be a bad idea ! int . nursing home - night 142 a security guard lead Wendy down a hall to a close door with a small window . he open the door for she . int . family sitting room - night - continuous 143 Wendy enter to find Jimmy on he knee look under a couch . the room be design for coziness . there be two stuffed chair , a area rug and a fake fireplace . wendy hi. oimmy hi . she 's under here . she will not come out . Wendy bend down beside Jimmy , they both look under the couch at genghis who stare back at they . wendy what happen ? om mmy I do not know . they be get along fine before . wendy she 's totally freak out . oimmy you should see Winston . wendy ( try to coax genghis out ) c’mere bunny . c’mon , it 's okay . c’mere. ( to jammy ) sometimes if you just ignore she , she come . Wendy and Jimmy pull they head out from under the couch and sit on the floor next to each other . Jimmy crawl over to switch it on . the Jimmy return to he illuminate rotate 105 . the nearby fake fireplace and log glow red . place beside Wendy . they stare at the light inside the plastic log . oimmy I read you play . you do ? wendy ommmy uh huh . I like it . wendy no way , really ? you do not think it be a bunch of middle - class whining ? no. ommmy wendy I be scared that you have think that I be just some spoiled american brat moan about she difficult childhood . not at all . om mmy I think it be sad . wendy but you be from Haiti . Wendy 's odd comment land there . jimny raise he eyebrow and look at she with amusement . wendy ( cont 'd ) that 's probably a really hard place to be from . ommmy yeah , but my parent do not scream at each other or hit each other or scream at we . they be not what do you call it in the play ? wendy pathologically narcissistic . oimmy right . they be not crazy people . it sound like you family be not very good . the bluntness of Jimmy 's observation hit Wendy . her throat suddenly tighten . 106 . wendy it be not . ( choke up ) it. was. bad . unable to control herself , she begin to cry . wendy ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . om mmy it 's okay . she lower she head , cover she face with she hand and sob . wendy oh god , what 's my problem ? I be always cry in front of you . oimmy it 's good to cry . Jimmy put a arm around Wendy to comfort she . after a moment of this , Wendy raise she head and look at he . he smile warmly . and then , overwhelm by he kindness , Wendy lunge toward he and kiss he on the lip , he kiss back and then gently pull away . jimmy ( cont 'd ) I should probably get back to work . wendy oh , okay . um , I be sorry . oimmy do not be sorry . wendy I think that ...um ... you be be so nice ... that I ( suddenly writhe ) oh god , I be so gross . ommmy no . you be great like you play ... you be funny and I Wendy stop writhe and look at Jimmy and smile . jimmy ( cont 'd ) it 's just that ... I be in love with my girlfriend . that probably sound like corn . Wendy be shot in the heart , but try to rally herself . 14a 145 146 107 . wendy corny . no . it 's great . I be really happy for you and with that , Wendy burst into tear . Jimmy put he arm around she . genghis crawl out from under the couch . om mmy look who it be . ext . valley view - night 144 the corolla be park out front , with jon asleep at the wheel . Wendy exit the nursing home , hold genghis . Jimmy walk beside she and carry the large hooded litter box . she open the door and climb in . inside car ~~ Wendy pull the door shut . jon come to and look at genghis . wendy pop the trunk . jon huh ? wendy ' the trunk . jon groggily twist around to see -~ jimmy , through the rear window , hold the big hooded litter BOX . the trunk lid pop open , momentarily hide Jimmy . and then it 's slam shut and Jimmy reappear . he wave . Wendy wave back as the car pull away . int . jon 's house - live room - day 145 Wendy sit on the windowsill with she beat up lap - top type . genghis be nearby , explore she new surroundings . a album plays . int . college classroom - day 146 his back to a room full of undergrad , jon write on a chalkboard where he have draw some sort of chart . '' Dramatic theater '' be write on one side and " Epic theater '' on the other . 10g . jon ( point to the chart ) here there be emotion , a interest in what people be feel . whereas brecht want people to think jon cross out the word '' emotion '' and underline the word '' think '' over and over again . jon ( cont 'd ) in '' Dramatic theater '' we have suggestion , but brecht want a argument . beep . beeep . beeep . jon 's cellphone ring . he pull it out and look at the caller id . jon ( cont 'd ) ( to class ) Excuse I for one minute . jon turn he back to the class and mumble into the phone . his student watch he . after a few moment , jon click the phone shut and just stand there with he back to the room . student Mr. Savage ? jon turn around . he seem daze . jon ves ? student what 's the difference between '' plot '' and '' narrative ? '' jon look bewilder . student ( cont 'd ) you write it on the board . he glance over he shoulder to the chalkboard and see that he have write the word '' narrative '' and '' plot '' in opposite category . jon oh. uh. that 's a good question . student ' they be both just story , right ? jon be stump and distract . he just stand there , unable to form any more word . a7 14g 149 109 . int . jon 's house - live room - day 147 Wendy still sit on the windowsill type . the phone begin to ring . she get up , walk out of frame and answer it . wendy ( 0.s. ) hello ? int . BUFFALO hospital hallway - day 148 Wendy and jon walk quickly toward the nurse station . int . hospital room - day / night 149 Wendy and jon enter to find -~ lenny in a hospital bed -- he eye close , a iv in he arm . he do not look good . monitor beep . Wendy and jon just stand there look . later ~~ it 's night now . Wendy and jon be campe out in chair face lenny . wendy do you want some coffee ? Wendy look over at jon and realize he 's asleep . she stand and approach lenny , reach out to touch he hand . wendy ( cont 'd ) jon ? jon ( groggy ) what ? jon look at Wendy first , then at lenny . he rise from he chair and go to stand next to he sister . they stare at lenny in silence . he 's dead . wendy that 's it ? jon yeah . 151 1s2 153 154 155 110 . a long still pause . int . nurse station - night 1s a hospital nurse sit behind the desk write a report . wendy ( 0s ) Excuse I ? the nurse look up to see Wendy look hollow and spend and jon , behind she in he coat , shiver . int . hospital hall - night 1s2 from behind we see the Hospital nurse walk briskly down the hall toward lenny 's room . her rubber sole shoe squeak . int . hospital room - night 153 the privacy curtain be pull around the bed . lenny 's clothes and thing be put in a plastic bag by the nurse . ext . hospital - dawn 1s4 Wendy and jon stumble out of the hospital onto the empty street . Wendy carry the plastic bag with lenny 's clothes . int . / ext . car - dawn 155 Pov from car of the empty city of buffalo pass by . jon sit in the passenger seat look out the window . he turn to he leave to see — — wendy behind the wheel — jon watch she for a long time as she drive . he 's strike by this vision of he little sister as a capable person , as if see she for the first time . jon you be not a bad driver . Wendy look at he with a tiny smile . wendy really ? 156 157 ql . jon really . int . house - morning 156 high angle of jon and Wendy asleep in they clothes on jon 's bed . genghis sleep beside they . fade out . int . lenny' room / hall / lounge - late afternoon 157 Wendy and jon pack up lenny 's belonging . Wendy empty drawer . jon hoist the t.v. and vcr off the bureau and head for the door . jon I will be right back . wendy okay . Wendy listlessly sit on the side of the bed , clear off the night stand , when she come upon lenny' glass . she pick they up and put they on . they be over-size and odd look on she , and she eye be hugely magnify . she go to the mirror over the dresser and look at herself . suddenly , something catch she attention . she remove the glass and look up in the air , listen to the music wafting down the hall . it 's a slow rhythm track . ' then , the ethereal SOUND of a female voice begin sing '' the look of Love . " Wendy drift out of the room into —- the hall no one seem to be around . the hall be empty . she walk towards the sound of the music and find herself outside . the lounge —~ where a entertainment be occur , crowded with resident and staff . wendy'' obstructed Pov — of a male and female musical act . Wendy turn to discover a metal stand with a black and white publicity shot of '' burt & lizzie , '' the same act she and jon see sing in the best western Oasis room . they finish the song and the audience applaud . 160 161 162 163 164 112 . lizzie thank you . thank you . I be lizzie burt and I be burt . lizzie and we be thrilled to be here at the Valley View . we be in town for a week play the roof room at the Hyatt and decide to come here because this place have special meaning for burt and I . burt 's mother be a resident here , nettie adelson and well , this be for she . lizzie launch into a soulful rendition of '' weeping Willow Tree . '' it play over the follow scene int . hallway 160 jon and Wendy walk down the hall carry a odd assortment of lenny 's belonging and some box . omitted 161 int . train - day 162 the urban outskirt of buffalo rush by . Wendy sit and look out the window . dissolve to : int . / ext . cab - night 163 the sight head downtown on second Avenue blur by . Wendy sit in the back of the cab look out the window . int . wendy'' apartment - night 164 Wendy be unpack . she set up the lava lamp on she bureau , turn it on and stare at it . the SOUND of light knocking . Wendy go to the door and open it a little way . on the other side be Larry . larry hi. 113 . wendy hi. larry I see you come in . Wendy see that Larry be hold some flower . larry ( cont 'd ) ' this be for you . wendy ' thanks . she take they and bring they to she nose to smell they . larry they do not have a scent . they be from the deli . I never understand why that be with flower from there . I guess you have to go to a real florist and pay extra if you want the nice smell . Wendy smile and stand there . it 's awkward . larry ( cont 'd ) can I come in a minute ? Wendy open the door and Larry enter . wendy where 's marley ? Larry immediately mist up . larry I be not go to tell you about it . 1 mean , it must seem ridiculous compare to what you have be go through . you have a human be die on you —- wendy ( soft and sad ) oh no . larry a significant human be . you father . wendy he 's dead ? larry we be go to do it tomorrow . 114 . Wendy look at he , upset . larry ( cont 'd ) his leg . he can not get around anymore . he can not get up on the bed . he 's so depressed . wendy he 's always be kind of mopey . larry it 's not the same . she stop eat . there 's a surgery , but the vet say there 's no guarantee . and the rehabilitation be brutal . she 's old , Wen . she 's in pain . Larry break down cry . Wendy try to comfort he . they hug . Larry try to kiss she , but she do not kiss he back . her arm hang limply by she side . when he realize he can not inspire she lust , he stop and step back . larry ( cont 'd ) I be sorry about you dad . wendy I be sorry about marley . larry if you ever want to re-indulge in unhealthy compromise behavior , you know who to call , right ? Wendy smile . Larry step outside the door , walk down the hall and head for the stair . Wendy stand at the door , watch he go . after a moment -- wendy Larry ... he turn back . wendy ( cont 'd ) can I ask you something ? Larry look at Wendy , hope brim in he eye . wendy ( cont 'd ) not about we , about marley . fade to black . fade in : 165 1s . int . kitchen set - day ( late 1960' DECOR ) 165 grainy black and white image of the three stooge slapping each other around . a young boy , sit on a counter between two cabinet as he father yell at he and smack he . the Boy do not react to the slap , instead he look over he father 's shoulder to a small tv play the three stooge . Larry , curly and Joe be go at it . the chaotic soundtrack be amplify . as the father continue the beat , the boy magically begins to float up in the AIR . what be this we be watch ? a memory ? a dream ? the boy drift up and hover above he father . after a moment , the father '' break character , '' shade he eye and speak to someone offscreen . father do I react once he go up ? another angle reveal that we be in -~ a theater the kitchen be a set in a little downtown space . the boy and the father be actor in a play . we be witness some kind of technical rehearsal . a lighting designer be programming cue . Wendy be there in the nearly empty house . she , respond not to the actor on stage , but to the director who be seat beside she . wendy no . he do not know it 's happen . it 's a manifestation of the boy 's internal state . director uh huh . ( call out to the stage ) Paul , just keep up the beat like the boy be still there on stage the father pummel the now empty space where the boy have once sit . the light on stage go out so now the only thing visible be the boy , suspend in mid-air . in the audience ~~ Wendy speak over she shoulder to someone behind she . 116 . wendy do you think it 's too much ? reverse angle reveal jon he 's be watch the rehearsal and despite he best effort to control himself , he face be streak with tear . he wipe they away with he finger as he speak . jon no . the , uh , naturalism with the magic-realism ... together . it 's , uh , effective . Wendy twist she head around . wendy be you cry ? jon no ... I be ... I be ... impressed . Wendy smile . 166 ext . theater - night 166 jon and Wendy walk toward a avenue . jon have a suitcase . wendy ' thanks for come . jon thanks for invite I . 1/11 see the real thing when I come back through . wendy okay . jon raise a hand to flag a cab . wendy ( cont ’d ) do you hate I for use stuff from you life in the play ? jon think about it and then shake he head no . wendy ( cont ’d ) you do not think it 's self - indulgent and bourgeois ? jon it 's good , Wendy . 17 . a cab pull up , jon open the door . they hug awkwardly . jon ( cont 'd ) wish I luck on my paper . wendy what 's it call ? jon '' no laugh matter : Black Comedy in the Plays of bertolt brecht . '' Wendy smile and nod . jon become insecure . jon ( cont 'd ) bad title ? wendy no , it 's good . I like it . where 's the conference ? jon Poland . Wendy 's jaw drop open . wendy you do not tell I that . jon you do not ask . jon smile and shrug as he climb into the cab . wendy you be go to krakow ? jon Warsaw . then krakow ... Wendy grin widely . jon ( cont 'd ) we be just gonna check in ... play it by ear . you know , see how we feel about each other ... as people . Wendy and jon smile at each other , amused by he familiar habit of emotional back -peddle . they kiss goodbye . the cab take off . Wendy watch it go . 167 168 1g . int . wendy'' apartment - early morning 167 on the t.v. a exercise program play . Wendy follow along . suddenly feed - up with the inane instructor , she snap it off . ext . east river park - day 168 Wendy jog along the East River esplanade . ' the camera track alongside she . it 's still early in the morning and the sun be rise over Brooklyn . the water glisten . in the cold air we see and hear she breath as she go . Wendy be not a experience runner , but she 's give it a try . she run for a while and then turn around , so now she 's jogging backward . she call to someone who be 0.s . wendy ( breathless , cheerful ) come on , honey ! come on ! let 's go ! she turn back around so now she 's run forward again . na low tracking shot — ~ of wendy'' converse sneaker slapping the cement . the camera slow a little and Wendy 's foot run out of frame . now , just the vertical post of the iron fence pass by and ' then we hear the SOUND of panting getting closer as -~ marley enter the frame . her lame hind leg be affix to a wheelchair contraption -- a cart with pneumatic wheel that roll behind she -- but this do not deter she from she favorite outdoor activity . the camera track alongside marley as she defy all expectation and run gloriously forward . her front leg pump vigorously . the sun flare behind she . we stay with she for a extend amount of time -- a full minute -- or until the flash frame appear and the film roll out of the camera . CUT to black . ' the end