the company men by John Wells white shoot script blue revision pink revision yellow revision GREEN revision goldenrod revision buff revision company Men production , Inc. 240 27 st. chelsea , ma 02150 03/30/09 04/07/09 04/13/09 05/04/09 05/07/09 05/15/09 05/28/09 the company men fade in : . 1 * gail abinal ( vo ) «+- report sharply lower earning on news of more turmoil in the financial ... - the talk head of MSNBC and bloomberg drine under -- JOHN mcnancy ( vo ) «-. with the dollar stumbling , Goldman suggest foreign trade imbalance will ... and image of excess , some extraordinary , other mundane . * herb rittenour ( vo ) «while OPEC meet today in Dubai , few believe price will decline soon ... * - luxury car line up in a garage . another garage full of expensive and infrequently use mountain bike , golf club , 8 and sport goods . gail abinal ( vo ) --.stock stall as investor digested news of decline consumer confidence ... - a counter burden with innumerable stainless - steel kitchen * appliance : cuisinart , toaster , espresso maker , mixer , waffle iron , blender and juicer . + + * now begin to intercut with -- a long row of press dress shirt hang in a huge , brightly light closet . a man 's strong hand reach in , select one -- JOHN mcnancy ( vo ) «+ eberkshire Holdings report lower ... another row of freshly launder shirt in a different , smaller closet , another man 's hand pick one -- rittenour ( vo ) ..- housing inventory remain high as option arm default continue to flood ... fifty tie sway on a motorize rack , silk , tasteful -- JOHN mcnancy ( vo ) «.. Secretary baskin be expect to ... ( conttnitrd '' '' the company Men '' shoot draft pink 4/13/09 2 . continued : 1 - a gardener 's truck pull into a driveway , two man climb out * to begin work on the huge house 's yard . start a mower . * herb rittenour ( vo ) «-- the fed have indicate little interest in further intervention in the ... a rolex snap onto the older man 's wrist . his dresser cover with photo ; of baby , ski trip , graduation . gail abinal ( vo ) --- with the Dow down another 424 ... - a pool , a greenhouse . a coy pond and fountain . a massive backyard , stainless steel barbecue grill . JOHN mcnancy ( vo ) «-.a ten year treasury bond yield low ... ee the man adjust he tie to reveal : mcclary , fifty , assure , successful . he smile , satisfied , go -- herb rittenour ( vo ) ..- Blue chip be surrender as the ... - a basement full of gym 's worth of exercise equipment . a huge plasma tv with nintendo cord snake away from it . ++ JOHN mcnancy ( vo ) .-- nasdaqg 's down 9.92 % , while the s&p ... a second man adjust he tie to reveal : bobby WALKER , * thirty , confident . a corporate warrior ready for battle . herb rittenour ( vo ) «+eall broad market index continue they relentless trend down ... - a startling large row of trash can set out on a street . * JOHN mcnancy ( vo ) +-. in other financial news , China 's Central Bank announce ... - a third man , adjust he jacket in the mirror . phil * woodward , fifty , rough around the edge , anxious . his time * be come and he know it . * - as the gardener 's mow the lawn we -- * fade out : end credit 2 * in the darkness , man 's voice . iconttnurd '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 3 . continued : ( 2 ) 1 bobby ( vo ) ..- it 's all about earning ... and a resounding thwack ! then suddenly , brilliant sunlight as a small white ball sail off into a beautiful blue , early September , sky . the country club - morning 3 Three man watch unhappily as it fly perfectly toward a distant green . Bobby 's up on the tee , watch he shot . bobby watch you earning and the fundamentals will take care of themselves . mifflin whistle admiringly as the ball drop onto the green . carlson ..- bastard ... conner rumor be gtx have to show more movement or Morgan 's go to issue a sell . bobby how many be you over now Steve , seven ? Bobby know exactly how many . carlson flip he off . step up to the tee , set he ball . conner salinger have a plan to prop up the bottom line over there , Bobby ? bobby you moonlight for the SEC now , Matt ? conner casual conversation . bobby what do you think counselor ? mifflin Hell yes , what 's a little insider trading among friend ? carlson smack a strong drive . not as nice as Bobby 's but : bobby you want a tip ? do not sell gtx , buy . as Bobby stride off down the fairway . ( cont tnued ) " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 4 . continued : 3 carlson Son of a bitch break ninety again I be go to key he goddam porsche . CUT to : int . chicago hyatt regency meeting room ~ day 4 we be glide above a elegant silver coffee service , trays of cut fruit , bagel . Men and woman in business attire take note at linen cover banquet table , nurse coffee . steven ( vo ) ... we have review we pipeline of some 500 project and program ... the camera move along the dais , placard set in front of the slightly bored panel participant , behind they a banner and corporate logo announce : gtx Global transportation system . steven ( cont would ) ..- focus on that with significant marketing opportunity and jettison everything that will not contribute immediately to we profitability ... the camera approach a man in he sixty , steven , dron on . we don't slow , continue along the row of exec face . steven ( cont would ) selecting thirty - seven as promise strategic growth program and set aside the rest for future consideration . until we finally arrive at the placard in front of a bored -- Eugene mcclary executive vice - President - transportation system doodling a elaborate geometric design on a hotel note pad . as Stevens finish , several analyst raise they hand . haspel ned haspel , jp Morgan . Mr. mcclary , you be talk earlier about fiscal 2011 , you have do a good job of convincing we that with the credit market freeze , you sale revenue in 2010 will slow -- gene great , then my job here be do . that get a laugh from the analyst . ( conttnied '' 4 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 5 . continued : 4 haspel can you talk about 2011 and what sort of a percentage increase you anticipate ? gene people love to talk about percentage ned , we people do , you people do . but when we do sale forecast in a mature manufacturing sector like transportation , we should be focus on how to maintain growth in absolute dollar . haspel be you suggest you be not expect any growth in you division next year ? Stevens look down the dais at gene , worried . gene I be suggest that we face increase foreign competition and a difficult market for large capital expenditure like shipbuild , so 2011 will probably end even or a little up from 2010 . I call that a excellent result in this credit climate but you be probably go to call it disappoint . Stevens look quickly for another hand . steven another question ? haspel so no growth in 2011 ? gene avoid Stevens concerned look , stare down haspel for a long moment , then go back to the company script . gene I be confident that while shipbuild will remain challenge , the rest of the transportation system Group will continue to contribute significant growth to gtx in come quarter . haspel 's still unsatisfy but gene point to another hand . gene ( cont would ) yes , in the back . off gene 's freeze smile as a analyst begin a question we -- CUT to : " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 6. gtx corporate headquarters - parking lot - day a glass and metal cathedral of commerce . acre of unfetter capitalism surround by manicure lawn and parking lot . Bobby pull he porsche into he spot . Hit he alarm , voop ! the lot be a lesson in corporate automotive hierarchy ; volvo , hondas and excursion give way to bmw , Range rover and jaguar nearer the door . CUT to : inside the gtx build Bobby cross the lobby , four storey of atrium rise above , mature elm rustle in the artificial breeze , granite floor polished ice rink slick . the huge corporate logo announce : gtx Global transportation system we keep the World move ! CUT to : ship system office ding ! he step off the elevator , push through glass door and past the large reception desk , the omnipresent " gtx " logo loom behind it . cross to a set of glass door , " ship system - Marketing and sale " etched into they and down the long hallway toward -~ CUT to : transportation system sale department secretarial desk , row of cubicle for the worker bee , head for a window office and he secretary , carol . bobby any message ? he do not wait , grab they off she desk . she 's a little distant . he do not notice , shuffles through they . carol wilcox want to see you , she 's in the fifth floor conference room . bobby shot a eighty - six this morning . he do not . wait for a answer , head off down the row of desk . she call after he , he do not stop . ( continued ) 10 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 7 . continued : 8 carol she say it be important . bobby Sally wilcox think everything 's important . a eighty - six ! glass walled conference room 9 eight young exec in mid-meete , lake , jane . Bobby head for a chair , peel off he suit-jacket . bobby anybody want to guess what I shot at the club this morning ? they be all stare at he , it 's uncomfortable . bobby ( cont would ) 44 on the front , 42 on the back . ( he stop / realize ) what 's up , somebody die ? Dead silence . Bobby take a beat , look through the glass wall out to the people stare in from the hallway . cur to : hallway 10 Bobby fling open the door , pass frighten face stare up at he . a secretary , barbara , stand by a office door . bobby conal ? conal doherty , sixty , pack a couple of box . a stunne woman in she forty sit on conal 's sofa , diane lindstrom . conal they close mobile and Newport News , merge ship system into Rail product . bobby how many ? barbara conal , you wife 's on one . conal hello , honey . I have get some bad news -- Bobby look to Diane , she brushes away a few stray tear . {conttnited ) '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 8. 10 continued : 10 diane Three thousand at the shipyard , rumor be another couple hundred here . CUT to : 11 int . gtx office , human resource - day a 1 Bobby head for a corner office . a discreet sign announce " Sally wilcox vice - President human resource " , shove into -- 12 wilcox's office 12 floor to ceiling glass with a lovely view of the roll Massachusetts hill and Boston beyond . some art , a few plant , and sally wilcox , tailore , attractive . bobby what the hell be go on ? wilcox Bobby , you know Dick landry from legal ? a bald , average man sit at the small conference table . landry the company 's consolidate division . difficult decision have to be make in area where redundddancy surface . Bobby stare at they , can not believe where this be go . landry ( cont would ) we have structure a generous severance package for you . you twelve year with we entitle you to twelve week full pay and benefit . bobby you be fire I ? he present it as ludicrous on it 's face , she do not laugh . wilcox come on Bobby , sit down . landry we be also offer you outplacement service to help you secure you next employment . the room 's spin , Bobby try to get he bearing . ( conttnied ) 12 13 14 15 '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 9 . continued : 12 bobby do gene know about this ? wilcox Bobby please , sit . but instead of sit , he head for the door . bobby hey Sally , you know what ? fuck off . and he 's go . a long silence . she look at she shoe . landry * friend ? CUT to : hallway outside gene mcclary's office 13 * Bobby make he way to the big office at the end of the hall . pushes through etched door that announce : * Eugene mcclary executive vice President - transportation system bobby he in there ? * Bobby do not wait for a answer , stride into : gene's office 14 large , beautifully furnish . Conference table , sofa , oversize desk , carefully frame 19th century sectional blueprint of the first steam power cargo ship and model * of military and civilian ship . empty . * karen he 's in Chicago today . CUT to : ext . private airport tarmac - day 15 we follow a chauffeure town car as it pull up next to a wait gulfstream , the gtx logo on it 's fuselage . gene and * Stevens climb out of the car . Stevens be piss . steven honesty 's the best policy ? gene do not answer , start for the plane 's stair . ( {conttnurd ) '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 10 . 15 continued : be steven ( cont would ) Christ , could you try , just try , to be a little less candid for once ? gene so we be lie to financial analyst now ? that the new profitability plan ? follow they up the step and into -- 16 int . gulfstream - day 16 blonde wood and beige leather seat . Fresh flower and newspaper array on the serve buffet . a wait gtx stewardess take they coat . gene what do you want ? more inflate guidance so we can under perform every quarter again next year ? gene take the best seat in the middle of the cabin . steven 20112 I be worried about the damn share price tomorrow . but gene be not listen , stare out the window sullenly as the engine 's power up . steven ( cont would ) salinger 's gonna blow a fuck gasket . cut to : 7 bobby's office 17 Bobby step back into he office . Three brand new , empty pack box be already sit on he desk . phil oh shit ... a anxious man in the door eyeing the box , phil woodward . bobby yeah . phil what would you get ? bobby twelve week and outplacement . ( conttnued 1 17 17a 18 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 11 . continued : u7 phil they say who else be on the block ? bobby thanks for the sympathy , phil . phil I be not a mba like you . I get can , I be work at kinkos . ( start for the door ) call you later , okay ? and he 's go . Bobby look around the office . the family * photo , the nice view , the wax plant . pick up he brass * desk plate " Robert Walker , Jr. " . throw it into a box . * carol do they say anything about I ? bobby what ? carol about my still have a job ? it never even occur to he , he stare at she dumbly . bobby I do not ask . she turn slowly , go . * int . gtx lobby - day 17a * Bobby step off the elevator , carry he box , the blazer * guard watch from the security desk . he stop for a moment in * the vast lobby . other fire worker pass . he take one last * look around , in shock . start out -- * CUT to : the gtx parking lot - day 18 Bobby cross the lot , the gtx building rise up behind he * * accusingly , still carry he box . many car be already go . rupture life capture in a still life of empty parking spot . other carry similar box , plant , knickknack . Men , woman . trunks open , car door . Bobby nod as he pass , the face haunt , frighten . a woman in the spot next to he load she few thing , tear stream down she face , it 's the woman from conal 's office , Diane . they stare at each other for a moment . he do not ( conttnied y 18 18a 19 20 221 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 12 . continued : 18 know what to say , so he do not say anything . climb in , turn the engine over , pull out . CUT to : phil be gtx office ~ day 18a from somewhere above , we look down at the empty parking lot , Bobby 's porsche back out and pull away . a man 's face enter frame , close , turn away from the window . it 's phil , watch he fire friend drive away . CUT to : wellesley STREET - september day 19 beautiful tree , lovely brick home . Bobby turn the porsche into he drive . the garage door rise to reveal : empty concrete , it 's perimeter pack with bike , skis , bat , ball and all manner of sport goods . cut to : bobby's house 20 the live room nobody use , the large kitchen and family room , wide screen plasma tv and tangle of nintendo cord . Bobby set he box on the kitchen butcher block . the afternoon silence break only by the hum of the refrigerator and someone mowing a lawn several block away . now what ? cut to : gtx build - executive floor elevator al the door OPEN , gene step off . pushes into he suite . gene miss I ? karen I have be try to reach you . he head for he office , pull out a cell phone . ~ gene battery 's dead . ( throw it to she ) charge it , will ya ? karen phil 's in there . nconttnued '' * 21 22 '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 12a . continued : 21 Karen follow gene into : gene's office 22 phil wait on the sofa , overflow ashtray beside he . gene make yourself at home , phil . ( conttnited 1 22 22a 23 '' the company Men " shoot draft pink 4/13/09 13 . continued : 22 phil I will not go back to a factory floor . I have get one kid in college , another one go in the fall . gene what the hell be you talk about ? phil look at Karen . phil you be shitting I , he do not know ? karen Sally wilcox let some more people go . peil some ? she fire goddam everybody ! gene 's stare at phil . what ? gene she fire you ? phil no , but I have be hide in here all day . karen they close mobile and Newport News . laid off most of the ship system sale Group . conal , Bobby , Ted , Diane -- gene do not need to hear more , he 's already head out . phil I will not let the bastard just kick I out after thirty year . I will take a AK - 47 to this fuck place first ! CUT to : int . ceo' elevator lobby - day 22a gene burst from the elevator , push into -- office of the ceo 23 gene head for the elegant reception area , subdued lighting , antique , frame cover of forbe , fortune . two secretary flank the inner door , one try to intercept , jill . jill he 's in a meeting , Mr. mcclary . ( cconttnuerd " the company Men " shoot draft goldenrod 5/15/09 14 . 23 continued : 23 but she be not fast enough . 24 salinger's office - late afternoon 24 more antique , art . Hotel lobby be smaller . five exec around a conference table , in it 's center sit a architectural model of a impressive skyscraper . archer ++. SEC want more detail on the stock option the compensation committee just -- gene what be you go to do ? let I read about it in tomorrow 's Journal ? gene 's yell at the man seat at the head of the table . fifty , grey and charismatic , jame salinger . salinger we be in the middle of something here -- gene you close two of my ship yard ? salinger consolidate division have be under discussion for month . gene yeah , and I tell you it be a shitty idea . the other man at the table stare at they shoe , try to stay out of the crossfire , very uncomfortable . salinger you opinion be take into -- gene it 's my goddam division ! salinger and it 's my goddam company ! utter silence . then salinger turn to the other , evenly : | salinger ( cont would ) Excuse we gentleman , would you please ? the exec beat a hasty retreat as the two man stare at each other . as soon as they be go , irritate : ( conttnurd 24 '' the company Men " shoot draft goldenrod 5/15/09 15 . continued : 24 salinger ( cont would ) do not embarrass I like that . gene I be go for a day and you gut one of my division ? salinger stock 's stall , revenue be flat . gene the entire economy be flat . we be in the middie of a damn recession . salinger move behind he desk , search for something . salinger I only close two of the shipyard , I should have close all three . we stock 's in the fuck toilet . gene everybody 's stock 's in the toilet . salinger the stockholder need to see they share value maximize . : gene then sel ] the damn dega -- over the desk . shit , it be a dega . salinger do not engage , search around on he desk until he find a note . salinger Heard you put on quite a show in Chicago . you tell a roomful of analyst you be not go to generate any growth next year ? gene Three thousand job ? salinger ship system 's labor cost be the high in the industry , you health care and pension obligation be explode . gene we be in a capital intensive industry -- in case you forget -- and credit market be freeze . we be look for way to cut cost -- cconttnord '' '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 24 continued : ( 2 ) salinger 's patience be run thin . they have have this argument before , many time . salinger you be get kill by the japanese and the korean . Hell , even the fuck vietnamese be hand you you lunch . gene we will figure it out , I just need -- salinger Christ gene , we be not some shitty little shipyard anymore ! I can not keep pour money into you -- gene we innovate , we re-tool -- salinger american heavy manufacturing be dead . steel , auto , and you precious ship yard . we future be in health care , infrastructure , power generation . gene I have to be include in any decision that involve one of my division . 16 . 24 ( conttnued ) '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 17 . 24 continued : ( 3 ) 24 salinger you would not have agree to the cut . you would have go behind my back to the board again ! right ...? gene do not answer . salinger 's right , he would have . they stand there for a moment , stare at each other . finally : gene they be good people , Jim . salinger they're . not we responsibility . we work for the stockholder now . CUT to : 24a ext . bobby's house - late afternoon ' 24 a a car pull into the driveway , pull into the garage next to Bobby 's porsche . a woman climb out , maggie WALKER , pretty , thirty . reaches into the back for grocery . CUT to : 25 int . bobby's kitchen - late afternoon 25 she 's enter 's from the garage , arm load with grocery and a new garden hose . maggie Drew ...? help ... her twelve - year- old son , drew , be do homework at the kitchen table , come over to help she . maggie ( cont would ) +.. thanks ... as maggie and Drew drop the grocery on the kitchen island , maggie see Bobby outside on the patio . to Drew : maggie ( cont would ) you dad 's home ? she make she way to the patio door , step -- outside Bobby be cooking chicken at the big stainless - steel barbecue , sleeve roll up , tie still tie . they ten -year- old daughter , carson , be play with the dog in the yard below . {cont tnird '' " the company Men " shoot draft goldenrod 5/15/09 18 . 25 continued : ' 25 maggie ( cont have ) what be you do home ? bobby cook dinner . she stare at he for a beat . maggie we be go over to Jack 's . bobby that 's tonight ? maggie diedre 's birthday . bobby it 's suppose to rain . she turn angrily , head back into -- maggie you do not want to come , fine , do not come . the kitchen start unload the grocery angrily . Bobby follow she in , realize Drew 's stare at they . bobby Drew , finish that upstairs , okay ? Drew gather up he homework , maggie call after he . maggie put on a clean pair of jeans , we be go over to uncle Jack 's for a barbecue . ( when Drew 's go ) Christ , you do not have to like he , but you could pretend for my sake . bobby maggie -- . maggie he do not like you either but at least he care enough about I not to treat you like shit . bobby they fire I . ( conttniurd '' 25 '' the company Men " shoot draft goldenrod 5/15/09 19 . continued : ( 2 ) 25 she stop . stare at he , what ? bobby ( cont would ) today . Sally wilcox . maggie {she 's in shock ) why ? bobby something about redundddancy . maggie gene say you be safe ... bobby yeah well , gene say a lot of thing but he be nowhere to be find today . {she 's too stunne to speak ) they give I a severance package . Three month pay , benefit . she flare , he protector . maggie well , fuck they . you have bust you ass for that company . ( he smile ) no. really , I mean it . fuck they . and fuck gene mcclary and all he promise . he keep smile , you have get to , she spousal ferocity . carson something 's burn ... carson be watch they from the open patio door . how long 's she be there ? but she 's right , the grill be smoking . bobby shit ... be run back outside , maggie follow , watch he pull char , flame chicken halve off the grill . they stand there for a beat , then maggie shoos carson away . maggie go get ready for the party , honey . bobby I do not want to tell anybody . not till I get another job . she look off , concerned . do not answer . ( conttnited 1 ) 25 25 a 26 27 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 20 . continued : ( 3 ) 25 bobby ( cont would ) okay ? she nod . Bobby give she that win salesman 's smile . bobby ( cont would ) we be go to be fine . cut to : ext . phil be house - late afternoon 25a * phil pull he late model sedan into the driveway of he * brick home . climb out , look up at the house , apprehensive . * pull he briefcase from the car . start in . * ccut to : * int . phil be house - late afternoon 26 phil step through he front door , toss key into a dish . the house be comfortable but a little tired , middle - class , * family photo everywhere . make he way into -- * the dine room 27 * find he daughter sarah , seventeen , pour over a textbook , laptop . she barely glance up , he lean in , kiss she head . phil where 's you mother ? ( she do not respond ) ... Sarah ? he have not notice the thin -white strand of she I - pod snake out from under she hair . tap she on the shoulder . phil ( cont would ) you mom ? sarah upstair . she have a headache . Father and daughter share a know look . he start out . sarah ( cont would ) dad ? they tell we where we be go for * senior trip . Italy . phil Italy , wow . that 's great . but he 's elsewhere , stare up at the ceiling . ( conttnurfd ) 27 28 '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 21 . continued : 27 sarah I can go , right ? phil of course , sweetheart . he smile , she smile back -- daddy 's girl . returns to she study . he steal one final glance to the ceiling . int . phil' bedroom 28 wool wall - to- wall carpete , dark colonial reproduction , more family photo . phil find she pass out on top of the comforter , fully clothed , shoe kick off . a empty wine glass on the end -table . he exhales , start for the closet . lorna +.. phil ? he look back to find she watch he groggily from the bed . lorna ( cont would ) Ann doherty call , they fire conal ? he nod , pull off he coat , tie , hang they in the closet . she sit on the edge of the bed , try to get she bearing . lorna ( cont would ) I try you office , be we okay ? ( he nod again ) you be sure ? he hate it when she 's like this . force a reassure smile . phil yeah , gene speak to wilcox . ( then ) I should get ready . ( she stare blankly ) salinger 's dinner ? lorna oh god , I completely forget . phil you do not have to come if you be not feel up to it . he 's hope she will not but she stand , head for the bath . lorna dust give I a minute to put my face on . ( conttnited 28 28a 29 30 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 22 . continued : 28 disappear inside , then the sound of water run in a sink . phil exhales again , stare at the empty wineglass . CUT to : ext , gene's house - late afternoon 28a gene 's aston Martin . roar along the single lane road lead to he long driveway and he seaside home . the garage door rise slowly , he pull the car into it 's spot in the immaculate space . climb out , start for the house . int . gene's house - late afternoon 29 gene enter , drop he briefcase on the table in the large entrance hall . the house be Architectural digest perfect , flower , art . make he way to the drink cart in -- the live room 30 cut crystal tumbler , antique and art . find the scotch , take a few ice cube from the wait ice bucket . cynthia ( os ) gene ...? cynthia mcclary appear , fifty , hair already do , make - up , robe , elegant . she 's a little irritate . cynthia ( cont would ) where have you be , the car 's pick we up in half - an-hour ? she wait , but he do not answer . she do not pursue it . cynthia ( cont would ) wait till you see the dress I find at Louis ' . salvatore ferragamo . fabulous. ( point as she go ) . Stephanie finally bring a table by for the window . I like it . over by the window , a spindly antique table with a orchid perch on top . he wander to it , the ribbon tie price tag discreetly attach to the single drawer . turn it over : " 18th century Windsor side table $ 18,500.00 " he look up , catch he distort reflection in the antique pane of the window , not sure he like what he see , as we -- CUT to : 31 32 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 23 . int . bobby's volvo - early evening 31 it 's still light out . Bobby pull the volvo to the curb in front of a modest home in a work - class neighborhood . stare at the pickup truck and minivan in the drive , the boat in the yard . he look at he wife , do they have to go ? yes . she grab a gift , climb out with the kid . Bobby follow reluctantly . CUT to : jack house - early evening 32 a big plasma tv dominate the live room , blaring a Sox game . several man gather around , watch . the kitchen table groan under pile of chip , beer and pizza still in they delivery box . maggie we will not stay long . promise ? she follow the kid out into the back yard . Bobby drift to the kitchen , stare out the open slide door onto the rear deck . jack how go the suit war , Bobby ? jack dolan , maggie 's brother , high school quarterback handsome , with the broad , callouse hand and weathered face of a man who work for a live . he 's cut the cellophane off supermarket steak and plate of brat -- plopping they down on a platter in the tiny kitchen . Bobby have not see he . jack ( cont would ) move any more high - pay american job offshore to asian shithole this week ? bobby be concentrate on union busting lately , Jack . Jack grin , this be a old routine with they . stabs the steak with a carve fork to tenderize , then liberally salt the meat , then douse they with worchester sauce . jack surprise you could make it , no early flight or golf game ? that be the usual excuse , be not they ? diedre hey , Bobby . ( conttnuen y ee * * * 32 33 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 24 . continued : 32 Jack 's attractive wife , diedre , step in from outside . bobby the birthday girl . you can not be thirty - five . you do not look a day over twenty . diedre see Jack , that 's how it 's do .. you be a liar Bobby , but I love you for it . ( kiss Jack / shove he out ) back to you post barbecue boy . Jack head out with the meat . diedre turn to Bobby . diedre ( cont would ) get something to drink , margarita in the blender , beer 's in the cooler out back . he watch she walk away , short skirt , long leg -- he 's right , she do look great . a diedre friend in the live room catch he look , smirk at he , turn back to the woman she be talk with . Bobby make he way out onto -- the deck beer on ice in a gigantic cooler , work man and woman laugh , tell joke . the picnic table groan under it 's load of paper plate and potluck . below , Jack hand off the meat to a man at the big weber in the yard ( we will come to know later as davey ) wade into a pick - up football game with a pack of boy , include he own three ( 14 , 12 and 10 ) and they cousin , Drew . Jack intercept the ball from Drew , pretend to run , let 's the boy tackle he in the yard , pile on . all the boy be laugh , nobody harder than Jack . off Bobby , miserable . CUT to : harvard club ballroom - night 33 Men and woman in cocktail attire mill around the overtaxe bar . banquet table , a dais up front under a banner proclaim " Boston son of Liberty man of the Year " . gene make he way through the well - heele crowd , Cynthia on he arm in she ferragamo . phil and lorna trail behind they , lorna already work a glass of wine . they pass face we recognize ; wilcox , landry , archer . glad-hand , laughter , ( conttnited y 33 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 25 . continued : 33 cocktail . gene glance to wilcox surreptitiously , Cynthia notice . phil hang back to say something to Lake and Jane , force a smile . pril hey , kid . the young exec be shocked to see he , share look . phil ( cont would ) you look surprised to see I Ken , you plan on eat my entree ? lake phil ... , great to see you . we think -- phil never bet against the old fucker , Kenny . I still get a few tooth leave in my head . catch back up to gene as a confident man in he fifty pass phil and the young exec , saunter up to gene offer he hand , dysert . dysert saw you name on tonight 's program , gene . I trust brevity be in order . gene absolutely Chuck , how 's life at betcher ? a brook Brothers suite handler lean in to Cynthia , whisper something we can not hear as dysert continue : dysert EPA 's kill we . gene the bastard . what 's the big deal about dump toxic waste into the Hudson , huh ? dysert exactly what I say at my deposition . Cynthia take gene 's arm , lead he away from the group . cynthia gene , they need we up front . gene say hello to ellen for I , would you ? dysert and phil watch they disappear into the crowd , then : ( conttnurd ) 33 34 '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 26 . continued : ( 2 ) 33 dysert Hell of a bloodbath out you way today . you watch you back ? phil 's take aback , but only for a moment . cover . phil always . dysert good , glad to hear it ... ( see someone ) hey Jeff ! ... take care , phil . head off to do more networking . phil watch he go , drop the facade . sneak a look back to lorna who 's be listen to this exchange anxiously . off phil we -- CUT to : the ballroom - night 34 dinner have come and go , half - eat dessert litter table , the houselight have be dimme . a man at the podium : speaker I promise Charlie welsh I would get he out of here in time to catch the end of the Sox game , so let 's get to it . ( some laughter ) who better to introduce tonight 's man of the Year Award winner than the man who 's know he longer than anyone else . gene and Cynthia be on the dais next to salinger and wife . speaker ( cont would ) gene mcclary be executive vice - President at gtx Global transportation system , as well as serve on its board of director . he 's also , I be tell , one of gtx 's first employee . gene mcclary . warm applause greet gene on he journey to the podium . gene actually , if memory serve correct , I be gtx 's only employee at the time . ( scattered laughter ) we be not gtx then . we be a couple of kid fresh out of business school , with more energy than sense , and a crazy idea . a crazy idea that my friend Jim salinger have the talent , determination and ( more ) ( conttnord '' 34 35 36 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 27 . continued : : 34 gene ( cont would ) foresight to turn into one of the large manufacturing , health care and financial service company in the world . salinger try to look humble . it 's a stretch . gene ( cont would ) no one want gloucester shipbuilder , year of multi-million dollar loss , the high labor cost in the industry . but from that humble beginning , Jim grow gloucester into gtx , with over sixty thousand employee and eleven billion dollar in gross annual revenue . that get applause from this crowd . gene ( cont would ) I could go on and on , but we all want Charlie to catch that game . so , it be my great privilege to introduce my oldest friend , my college roommate , the best man at my wedding , the worst tennis player I know , my boss , Jim salinger . salinger make he way to the podium , shake gene 's hand . gene step back into the shadow as salinger bask in the applause . off gene , the outline of he feature barely visible in the half light , distant , troubled . cut to : darkened bedroom ' 35 heavy with sleep and rumple sheet . shard of morning light be just beginning to fight they way through draw drape . maggie stir , sit up slowly . no Bobby in bed beside she . bathroom - early morning 36 find he at the mirror , pull on a crisp white shirt , barney 's suit , silk tie . bloomberg play on the small tv . maggie it 's five - thirty . bobby stock be up yesterday . hand she he Journal off the sink , point to a headline . '' transportation issue buoyed by gtx downsize News . " ( cconttnued 36 37 38 39 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 28 . continued : 36 bobby ( cont would ) Nice to know I could be of use , huh ? ( then ) how do I look ? she adjust he tie , kiss he . maggie like a million buck . CUT to : elevator lobby - day 37 Bobby exit the elevator , enter the lobby of -- morgan , kasey & toberon 38 he wait as the receptionist answer the busy phone . receptionist executive office . ( and another line ) executive office . she 's not even look up . finally : bobby Robert Walker , from gtx . receptionist down on you leave . Bobby look in the direction of she indistinct arm motion . move through the door into the -- mk&t bullpen 39 a large open room , fill with a maze of low cubicle . and everywhere man and woman be make call . some in suit and tie , some in jeans . Bobby stare . Christ , it 's telemarkete meet a language lab . the wall display frame motivational catchphrase : " enthusiasm " , " courage " , " confidence " danny Nice suit . danny mill , forty , Black , jeans . bemuse by Bobby 's full court clothing press . Bobby do not catch the sarcasm . bobby thanks . ( conttnurd ) 39 40 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 29 . continued : 39 danny orientation 's that way . do the Tiger for I , will ya ? bobby what ? Danny point to the orientation room . danny across the hall . CUT to : mk&t orientation room 40 a circle of chair , man and woman in they business best . stand in the center , joanna , blonde , impose , pants suit . joanna first , let I tell you what outplacement be not . we be not a employment agency . we be here to help you help yourself . he look around , see conal doherty , Diane lindstrom , a few other he recognize . joanna pass around thick handout . joanna ( cont would ) you need to make a networking list of all you friend , business and personal . supplier , competitor , people you sit next to at a convention , neighbor , dentist . anybody and everybody . hand a packet to Bobby . glossy chart , blank form . joanna ( cont would ) you need a new resume . you be go to send out hundred , so make it good . she turn to the easel , grab a magic marker , write . Bobby try to hide he grow unease . what 's he do here ? joanna ( cont would ) ending . we be not use to they . fear , chaos , anxiety , loss . how many of you be feel this thing ? only a few raise they hand . Bobby sneak a look to conal and Diane , Jesus ... joanna write : joanna ( cont would ) ending , fear , change , and finally ... ( conttnited ) 40 41 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 30 . continued : 40 draw a line : '' ending '' lead to " fear " lead to '' change " , lead to " success " . she tap she marker on -- joanna ( cont would ) success . stand up everybody , there 's no time for sit around feel sorry for ourselves . up , up ! we call this " the Tiger " . we do it when we need to get we energy up . some stand quickly , other lag -- Bobby chief among the laggard . she chant a mantra . joanna ( cont would ) I ... will ... win . why ? I '11 show you why ! because I have -- faith ! courage ! enthusiasm ! Bobby stare , motivational aerobics ? only about half the room be stand . joanna ( cont would ) come on , everybody . conal stand reluctantly , Diane . the group I ... will ... win ... Bobby still sit , stare at he fellow fire . can not believe it . yesterday he 's can , today he 's trap in a room with a bunch of unemployed executive moony . CUT to : gene's gtx outer office - morning 41 gene arrive , late , pull off he coat . Karen meet he . gene Bobby Walker call back ? karen yeah , last night . gene he leave a message ? karen not one I would care to repeat . gene see if he can come by for lunch today . ( cont tnird V * 41 42 43 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 31 . continued : 4l karen stock 's up six . not bad . ( smile ruefully ) my 401 k be all gtx . this continue I may get to retire before I be eighty . hand he a stack of thick black binder as he head into -- the conference room 42 to find he senior sale exec . phil , Lake , Jane , other . there 's laughter . the morale 's not bad , more like relief . gene with ship system and Rail product merge we be reassign sale region . hand out binder . a few chair around the table be vacant , as if that who use to occupy they may have be contagious . gene ( cont would ) phil , where be we on Royal Caribbean ? phil they be nervous , do not like see we on bloomberg every fifteen minute . gene well calm ‘em down , we need that boat . the unhappy exec thumb through the binder , incredulous . lake how're we suppose to cover the same number of account with half the staff ? jane I be already go two week out of four , what be I suppose to tell my kid ? gene tell ‘em you be lucky you still have a job . inactive account . I want to know what we be go to do to get the business back . client by client . a groan go up as they settle in for a long morning and we -- CUT to : mk&t bullpen - day 43 the group come out of orientation and into the bullpen , conal , Diane and Bobby bring up the rear . like musical ( conptnued y 43 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 32 . continued : 43 chair when the tune stop , spot be quickly take . the old - timer glare at the newby as they pass . Bobby spy a seemingly open carrel , go to sit . the man next to the empty spot wave he off coldly . balding man it 's take , Bobby look around , everything appear full . perfect . danny hey . Danny Mills , the man Bobby meet earlier , motion he over . pull a jacket and a few thing out of the carrel next to he , stuff they under he own carrel . bobby friendly bunch . danny you be the enemy . one more warm body they have to claw they way over to get back to the corporate feed trough . bobby you do not seem threaten . danny I be a very secure individual . besides , you do not look like a engineer . mba ? ( Bobby nod ) if you know you way around a guide missile system I would have to shove a ice pick into the base of you skull . Bobby look at he new " office " , two foot by three foot , a well - use phone , yellow pad cover with the last occupant 's doodle , a couple of use pencil . danny ( cont would ) you previous employer spare no expense . fax be over there , coffee , xerox. ( smile ) how be orientation ? bobby I think somebody be gonna shave my head and make I beat a drum . Danny laugh . Bobby point to the series of outer office , small , but with window and a door you can close for privacy . ( continued '' 43 44 continued : " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 33 . ( 2 ) 43 bobby ( cont would ) how early do you have to get here to grab one of the office ? danny you company have to pay extra for one . exec vps and above mostly . that corner one have a eastman - kodak cfo in it . * ( and ) how long do they give you ? bobby Three month full pay , four month of outplacement . Danny 's take aback , try not to show it . but Danny the phone , dial . Danny study Bobby . the expensive suit , bobby ( cont would ) you ? danny nine month of both , I have be here four . bobby I will not need more than a few day . no offense . danny none take . be a little . Bobby set down he thing , pick up * * the silk tie . turn away with the resign sadness of a weary veteran watch green recruit arrive at the front . cut to : the oyster house - lunch 44 * a crowded wharf - side seafood joint . gene arrive , push * through the throng to find Bobby nursing a drink at a booth among the hurly - burly of the lunchtime business set . gene sorry I be late , how you hold up ? bobby okay . gene maggie 's alright ? bobby sure , she 's fine . we be both fine . ( conttnued ) " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 34 . continued : 44 Bobby 's hold back , angry . the waitress arrive . gene glenlivet , rock . ( she go ) it be not my call , Bobby . we believe he , Bobby do not . bobby who get my account ? gene salinger 's under pressure to boost the stock price before someone come in and force he to break up the company . a lot more job would be lose in a merger than in this downsizing . bobby you try to appeal to my sense of the great corporate good ? gene I have be call in some marker -- gene offer Bobby a fold list of name , phone number . gene ( cont would ) Tom borden at lockheed , Pat Leahy at raytheon , you will recognize most of they . Bobby do not take it . it 's awkward . finally gene reach for the menu stick in behind the napkin dispenser . gene ( cont would ) come on , let 's get something to eat . bobby ( take a beat ) no thanks . I have lose my appetite . Bobby stand , have not take gene 's list of name . gene Bobby . take the name . Bobby reach across , take the list as he go . bobby do not waste you time reassign my account . I be go to be steal they ( more ) ( conttnurd 44 45 46 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 35 . continued : ( 2 ) 44 bobby ( cont would ) back from you as soon as I get a job work for you competition . CUT to : bobby's garage - late afternoon 45 Bobby pull the porsche into the drive , the garage door slide up - Drew shoot basket in the driveway , have to back out of the way as he dad 's porsche glide by . Bobby get out wearily , see Drew stand there in the driveway , watch he , will back he confidence for he son 's sake -- bobby hey ... drew hey ... Bobby go into the house . Drew watch he go , then turn back to he solitary game -- CUT to : bobby's house 46 carson and a noisy girlfriend run around the de . Bobby find maggie at the kitchen table , papers spread around she . maggie how would it go ? bobby great . maggie '' great ... " ? bobby it be fine , lot of lead . I have lunch with gene , he give I some name . maggie that be big of hin . bobby he do not have to do anything . Bobby pull a kid 's juice box out of the fridge , jam the little straw into it 's top , eye the mess on the table . ( conttnited 3 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 36 . 46 continued : 46 bobby ( cont would ) what 's all that ? * maggie we mortgage reset next month . with * pay off the orthodontist and last * summer 's disneyworld trip , we do not have * much of a cushion leave . bobby we do not need a cushion . maggie the porsche payment , the credit card , you patriot ticket . bobby I be split the pat ticket with darryl this year . maggie just eat out and do the damn dry * clean be cost we six hundred buck a month . I be think I could go back to work , not full - time just a few shift . * bobby no. 3m be look for a new General sale manager . I call Brian Collins , we be have breakfast next week . maggie we need to at least cut back . cancel ski at Christmas , stop pay the club due for a while ... he toss he empty juice box into the trash , irritate . bobby we get into real trouble , I can always bag grocery or pump gas . she stare at he , not amused . the phone begin to ring . maggie no big purchase , eat at home more . ( answer the phone ) hello ... hey , Kevin . Bobby grimace , signal - " I be not here . " maggie ( cont would ) no . he 's right here ... ( conttnited ) 46 47 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 37 . continued : ( 2 ) 46 Bobby smirk , she cover the mouthpiece with she hand . maggie ( cont would ) he read about the layoff in the paper , you go to tell he ? bobby Hell no . I do not need a lecture on my paternal responsibility right now . ( take the phone ) hi , dad ...no , that be in manufacturing . be you kid ? they be begging I to take the ceo job . have to turn ‘em down -- she stand , watch unhappily as he spin he bullshit -- CUT to : gene's gtx office - early evening at gene 's pour over thick cost report , jacket off , glass . be interrupt by a knock on he open door . salinger I come bear gift . he carry a bottle of scotch , two glass . jacket off , tie loose . plop down in the chair in front of gene 's desk . salinger ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) glenury Royal . 50 year old single malt . gene eye salinger warily as salinger open the bottle , pour two generous drink . gene Nice . salinger better be . strick send it over , bastard lose I a bundle on some bullshit hedge fund play on distress financial . ( hand gene a glass ) you and Cynthia go to join we in Sun Valley for New year again this year ? Kay 's be ask . gene not sure we can . liam 's talk about come home for Christmas with helen and the baby . ( conttnued 1 al 48 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 38 . continued : 47 salinger Hell , bring ‘em along grandpa . Kay would think she would die and go to heaven if there be a baby around . oe of notice a frame photo on the cadenza behind gene 's desk . salinger ( cont would ) Christ , be that Alaska ? the two of they in fly -fish gear , all smile , hold fish up for the camera beside a wild river . salinger pick it up . salinger ( cont would ) good time , huh ? gene the best . gene 's still guard , upset . salinger set the photo back down on the cadenza , consider gene . salinger I can not have you challenging I in front of senior staff . they respect you . when you question my judgement , you undermine my leadership . if you disagree with a decision I have make , I need you to bring it up with I in private . gene watch he , at least now he know why salinger 's here . salinger ( cont would ) there be go to be more difficult decision ahead . I need to know I can count on you full support . salinger 's get deadly serious . gene know what 's be ask of he . take a long moment before finally , nodd . salinger smile broadly , relieved . drain he scotch . salinger ( cont would ) good . I have always hate single malt scotch . do not know how you drink it . and with that , he go , leave the bottle . off gene -- CUT to : gene's kitchen - dusk 48 * Cynthia drop she briefcase off on the granite counter , look to the open patio door . step outside onto -- 49 '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 39 . the patio - dusk 49 gene 's on the patio . his tie 's loose , salinger 's now half - empty bottle of single malt on the table beside he . the yard reach down to the water , a pier visible beyond . cynthia you okay ? he just keep stare out to the pier and the water below . she wait for a moment , then give up , start back inside . gene have lunch with Bobby Walker , I think he be go to throw a drink in my face . cynthia he 's young . he will be alright . gene do not respond . she watch he , then : cynthia ( cont would ) you be he boss gene , not he father . still nothing , the distance between they be painful . cynthia ( cont would ) Sue and I be talk about sneaking down to Miami for a weekend later this month . some shopping , a little golf ? think you could slip away ? Christ . he look off , annoyed . she see it . cynthia ( cont would ) Fine , we will go without you . she start back inside again . he call after she . gene stock close up two more today . my option be worth half - a-million dollar more than when I wake up this morning . but there 's no joy in it . she smile , miss he meaning . cynthia that 's great , sweetheart . disappear back into the house leave gene , very alone . CUT to : * eh 50 51 52 '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 40 . phil be gtx office - night 50 * phil work at he messy desk . he 's pale , exhaust . his assistant , nan , old school , sixty , appear in the door . nan need I to stay , Mr. woodward ? phil no , thanks nan . see you tomorrow . he go back to work . after a beat , he glance up to see nan gather she sweater off the back of she chair , retrieve she purse from a drawer . turn off she desk lamp . go . returns to he work . scratch note onto a much use yellow pad , reference a pile of big black spiral binder . stop again . pushes he glass up onto he forehead . rub he eye . take a moment , grab he empty coffee mug . * stands . walk out into the -- ship system marketing bullpen - night 51 * look down the row of cubicle stand lonely sentinel * outside office door . * they be all empty . no papers , no photo , no plant or Post - its . Computers dark . the cubicle clean out . they occupant be never come back . we pull gently back to reveal phil 's outer office , the only survive outpost in a shadow corporate wasteland . off phil , stand there alone in the immense empty space we -- slowly dissolve through to : autumn tree - morning 52 it 's cold , wet . beautiful red and yellow maple line Bobby 's street , the green of September have give way to late October brown and umber . Bobby and maggie shepherd a costume carson and Drew toward the volvo . carson be a pink princess , carry a plastic pumpkin for gather candy . Drew have a grotesque , head - split by a ax , mask push up on he forehead so he can see . maggie do not eat all the candy you get at school . Three piece , that 's it . cconttnurd 1 '' phe company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 41 . 52 continued : 52 bobby ( admire Drew 's mask ) God , that 's disgusting . the kid climb into the volvo . maggie I call Bridget , make a appointment . bobby who ? maggie the realtor . Bobby look off , irritate . she continue , carefully . maggie ( cont would ) we should at least list it , see if we get any offer . bobby we be not sell the house . maggie we do not have to accept a offer . but with the market so bad , it may take we a while to sell if we get stick . bobby we be not go to get stick . they take a moment , neither give in . then : bobby ( cont would ) how do I look ? maggie highly employable . he kiss she on the cheek , start around the volvo . maggie ( cont would ) Bridget ? bobby we be not sell the house . she want to say more . do not . climb into the volvo , check the kid ' seat belt . pull out , revealing : ( conttnurd } 52 53 '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 42 . continued : ( 2 ) 52 Bobby stand beside he porsche , polished to . perfection . he throw he briefcase in back , climb in . CUT to : new gtx corporate headquarters build site ~ day 53 a tower steel superstructure rise up from the bustle of the city below . gene and salinger be inside the wire cage of a construction elevator as it crawl up the outer edge of the building 's skeletal frame . massive raw metal beam glide past . archer , Stevens , gtx General counsel , hansen . archer Lipton buy how much ? hansen SEC filing say 3.8 percent . steven he 's just try to goose we stock . he get it up ten a share , he can walk away with a couple hundred million in profit . * project manager ( as the elevator slow ) hard hat gentleman . they pull hard hat on , follow the Project manager into a expansive , open floor of the building . salinger * Lipton do not want a couple hundred * million , he want the company . * archer * we share price be still too low . it 's * make we too tempting a target . * no wall , no window , only pour concrete and the steel above and below . salinger Paul , you office be over there . hansen Whole floor legal ? salinger no . this floor be just for the five of * we . David , cfo 's office . noah , there . salinger 's enjoy himself , point . the Emperor granting tract of newly conquer land to he favore general . ( contptnued } 53 54 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 . 43 . continued : 53 salinger ( cont would ) Conference room . private dining room , bathroom with shower . gym , kitchen . the man grin , migrate to they designate area , awed by they benefactor 's benevolence . only gene stand unmove . salinger nudge gene across a skeletal aluminum threshold into a immense corner space . . salinger ( cont would ) gene , this be you . two story opening where the window will be , expansive view of the city and countryside beyond . it 's huge . salinger ( cont would ) do not get too excited , my office be go to be much bigger . ( turn back to the other ) so , what do you think ? salinger move off to collect the grateful thanks of he executive courtier . gene look around the massive space . shake he head , smile in spite of himself -- CUT to : human resource reception area - day 54 Bobby wait on a uncomfortable couch , leaf through a ancient forbe . he 's be here a while . look at he watch , frustrated . head for the receptionist . she have a orange bucket of Halloween candy on she desk . bobby do you know how much longer she 's go to be ? my appointment be for eleven . receptionist I be sorry . she 's still in she meeting . if you would like I to interrupt she , I can . Bobby consider . be that a good idea ? probably not . bobby no , that 's okay . I will wait . he sort through the magazine look for something he have not read yet . settles on a old people . | robertson Mr. Walker ? a large woman jamme into a suit several size too small . ( conttnurd 54 55 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 44 . continued : 54 robertson ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) Joyce Robertson . staff meeting run over . sorry to keep you wait . she do not sound all that sorry , but Bobby put on he game face . follow she into she small , unimpressive -- utilitarian office 55 robertson okay if I eat ? I have another meeting in a few minute . she have a salad in tupperware , a diet Coke . bobby sure , go right ahead . she be not wait for he approval . find he resume . robertson so , you be at gtx twelve year ? bobby divisional sale leader three of the twelve . robertson I be surprised they let you go . bobby yeah , well . so be i. robertson have you handle regional sale ? bobby I come up in regional sale . I be in California with martin-marietta before move here with gtx . he 's try hard , smile , accommodate . it 's a little lose on she , she have not look up from she salad . robertson we be look to expand in the South ; we need someone in Little rock . bobby Arkansas ? robertson be relocation a problem ? ( cont tnued 1 55 continued : " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 45 . 55 bobby no . I have hope to remain in the area , I grow up here . robertson you leave the salary requirement space blank on you application . he shift uncomfortably , maintain that salesman 's smile . bobby well , that 's negotiable of course ... I be make a hundred and twenty at gtx . ( float a number ) I would be willing to accept one ten to start . hope for bonuse . that get she nose up out of she salad . robertson we base salary be sixty - five a year for regional sale director . it 's get harder for he to maintain that smile . bobby I respond to you ad for the vice- President of Marketing . robertson we have have a number of highly qualified applicant for that position . bobby Lady , I be a highly qualified applicant for that position . they stare at each other . finally , Bobby stand : bobby ( cont would ) sorry , I probably have too much coffee wait in you reception area for over two fuck hour . he start for the door . stop , turn back . bobby ( cont would ) oh , and you know what ? you can skip the diet Coke . it be not help . CUT to : 56 '' the company Men " shoot draft pink 4/13/09 46 . a upscale HOTEL bedroom - afternoon 56 afternoon sun sneak through the partially close drape . Flowers , antique , wool carpete . it 's nice , expensive . gene sit propped up in the sheet of the dishevel bed , be talk to someone we can not see . gene Jim 's worried , think we be a target . woman ( 0s ) Lipton can put together that kind of money in the middle of a recession ? gene it 's what he do . woman ( 0s ) so then what , he split we up ? a toilet flush off screen . gene sell off the health care unit and rail 8 , close gloucester . he would still have consumer electronics , the turbine and defense unit , boom . ... we be a bargain now . Sally wilcox step out of the bathroom , silk slip , lace bra . begins pull she clothes off the back of a chair . gene ( cont would ) Hell , stock 's be flat for so long , we miss another quarter lipto n’1l be able to round up enough vote to wage a proxy fight . install he own board . she wiggle into she skirt , pull on she Anne fontaine blouse , slip into she heel . he watch , it 's very sexy . gene ( cont would ) but Jim will not go down without a fight , I be sure he 's already out there look for a white knight . Roberts or maybe keet , somebody with deep pocket . he stop , stare off , lose in the possible scenario . she watch he , smile . he notice . gene ( cont would ) what ? she lean in close , bite at he lip playfully , whisper : ( conttnited ) '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 47 . 56 continued : 56 wilcox do not stop . tell I again about capital depreciation of manufacturing asset . he smile , play along . gene straight - line or decline balance ...? she moan seductively , kiss he face , neck . wilcox -.- both , please ... gene well , capital asset have to be deduct over the number of year that you anticipate the asset will be in use -~ wilcox -+-uh-huh ... she 's move from he neck onto he chest , kissing he gently , run she fingertip lighting over he skin . gene but the problem with heavy manufacturing asset be determine the length of time ... the asset ... will be in service ... he 's have trouble concentrate as she work she way slowly onto he stomach , he eye close . gene ( cont would ) +.. to get a un -depreciate salvage value ... for when it 's sell or scrapped ... her hand wander under the sheet . a beat and then she blackberry go off . she hesitates , smile at he . he smirk as if to say " do not " . but she do . sit up , pull the blackberry from she bag , read it . wilcox my office . I have senior staff at three . gene reschedule . she smile , stand . finishes buttone she blouse . gene ( cont would ) lunch again next Tuesday ? ( cont tnited V 56 57 58 '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 48 . continued : ( 2 ) 56 wilcox maybe ... but she 's come , she always do . pull on she jacket , lean it to kiss he a final time , go . gene sit in the rumple bed , stare at the back of the hotel door , exhales -- CUT to : the country club drive range - afternoon 57 we move along a weekday afternoon line of golfer pound ball out into the range , retiree mostly , two - tone shoe , colorful slack and pullover sweater , to find : Bobby . dress shirt , loosen tie , suit-pant . his suit jacket hang unceremoniously from he golf bag behind he . he 's pull on golf shoe , have work he way about halfway through a large basket of ball beside he . twhack ! a ball go fly off . put another down , and twhack ! do not watch where it go , do not care . set down another and twhack ! his face contort , sweat . he 's ~ take out he fury on the ball . whack ! twack ! as we -- CUT to : int / ext . gtx foxbourough skybox - afternoon 58 Lake , Jane and other sale exec schmooze client while the pat grind it out on the field below . well - stock bar . nachos and steak fajitas , chili and chip . olson I , can not recommend a new half - a-billion dollar boat to my board when I be not even sure you will be around in a year . phil sit with a exec , MARK olson , in the seat down front . phil we be not go anywhere . close two shipyard allow we to move we best people up here to gloucester . olson rumor be salinger do not even want to be in the ship building business anymore . phil bullshit . nobody else have we history of quality workmanship , we skilled labor : force , and nobody can guarantee delivery on you timeline . nagasaki ? if they be ( more ) ( conttnited ) 58 59 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 49 . continued : 58 phil ( cont would ) say they can , they be lie . they be already behind on Disney 's new boat . olson look , I have always like you phil . but Lipton be make a lot of noise about sell gloucester if he busy you guy . I recommend this deal to my board and then you get sell to the japanese or shut down , I look like a fuck idiot . Olson stand , head for the bar . Lake watch he pass , slide into Olson 's empty seat expectantly . phil he 's nervous . lake no shit . we all be . they stare out at the game . off phil -- CUT to : mk&t bullpen - afternoon 59 we move above the tiny carrel , each one fill with a unemployed exec work the phone , make list . a air of quiet desperation in the air . find Bobby on the phone , jeans , sweater , coffee cup . Danny 's next to he , scan job site on the internet . Diane stuff envelope . conal 's on Bobby 's other side , play solitaire on he computer . bobby Robert Walker . Jim tetlow tell I to call . I send my resume three week ago . ( check he note ) I will be travel on business in the milwaukee area on the tenth or eleventh so I could stop by and see he then . Danny grimace , sotto : danny milwaukee ? bobby well , then could you tell I who 's conduct the search ? Bobby take down the name , a number . it join the row of other name and number on he overuse yellow pad . ( conttnurd '' 59 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 50 . continued : 59 bobby ( cont would ) thanks for you help . hang up . look down at what we recognize as gene 's list of name . all but four be cross off , a few note be jotted in the margin " after lst " , " spring " , '' back 11 / 26 " . danny headhunter ? bobby yeah , in San Francisco no less . danny how convenient . Bobby rub he forehead . look down at he now messy little desk top , shuffles around he handwritten list , dial . bobby jonas geller 's office please . ( wait ) hi , this be Robert Walker , be he available ?... no , he do not know I , Mike Talbot at unicor mention that Mr. geller might be look for a senior sale ... oh , it be ... yeah , thanks ... hang up . cross that one off too . shuffle through the rest of he dog-eare list . " BU " , " Chicago " , " sigma nu " , '' bussman " . the list be mark up , name cross out , doodle on . start another call . danny sixty -five buck a hour for oil rig worker in the North Atlantic . extra thousand a week if you have you commercial deep - sea diver certification . conal do not everybody ? diane I get mine last year at the y. ( look at conal 's screen ) six of club on the seven of heart . bobby ( into phone ) Sally wilcox please ... ( conttnurd '' " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 51 . 59 continued : ( 2 ) 59 danny highway construction , hazardous waste removal , aircraft mechanic . thank god I get that doctorate , huh ? conal how long would you work at Hughes ? danny twenty - two year . conal they give you a reason ? danny globalization , outsource , the decline yuan . we be all part of the new world economy man , do not you read Newsweek ? bobby hi , yeah . it 's Bobby Walker call . be she in ? ( a beat ) sure , give I she voice mail . diane he call she again ? bobby Sally , it 's Bob Walker . Nice of you to never return my phone call . if you ever do call I back I just want to ask you why you fuck fire I without any notice , you cowardly bitch . he slam the phone down in the receiver . Danny grin . danny gee , I wonder why she never call back ? conal twenty - two year , Jesus . diane my father work for the Pennsylvania railroad for thirty - five . danny mine deliver mail for forty . bobby my dad 's be sell plumbing supplies in woburn since 1974 . same office , same ( more ) ( conttnufd '' . '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 52 . 59 continued : ( 3 ) 59 bobby ( cont would ) boss , eat the same shitty sack lunch behind he desk every day . danny I do not know , always seem to I like my dad have a great life ; steady job , pension , new car every other year . bobby all depend on what you be willing to settle for I guess . Danny watch Bobby carefully , then stand , announce : danny know what I think ? I think it 's quit time . bobby 3:30 ? danny a man can only take so much rejection . I be thirsty . who 's come ? Danny 's already pull on he coat . look to conal . danny ( cont would ) conal ? conal sneak a guilty look to Bobby . then : conal sure . the two conspirator look to Diane . diane I be in . now they all look to Bobby . he hesitates , unsure . then : bobby why the hell not ? CUT to : 60 ext . bobby's house - dusk 60 Bobby pull he porsche into the driveway to find maggie in the garage , unload grocery from the volvo . he climb out , spot Drew sit sullenly on the curb . ( conttnurd '' 60 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 53 . continued : 60 maggie Christ , you smell like a brewery . bobby what 's Drew do sit out there ? maggie wait for you . bobby why ? maggie I think he 's worried about you . at curb Bobby walk down the driveway . Drew can hear he come but do not turn . kid play on they bike down the street . bobby hey , what be you do out here ? Drew do not answer . Bobby join he on the curb . bobby ( cont would ) you okay ? drew I be not a baby , I can handle stuff . Bobby take a deep breath , Christ : bobby I lose my job . Drew stop , look back at he , it 's not what he expect . bobby ( cont would ) what would you think it be ? drew you and Mom maybe . Bobby shake , " no " . Drew stand there , consider . drew ( cont would ) you will get another one , right ? bobby a job ? you bet . ( continued 1 60 61 62 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 54 . continued : ( 2 ) 60 maggie return for the last of grocery . stop , watch she husband and son , talk in the fade afternoon light . CUT to : int . gene's office - late afternoon 61 herb rittenour ( vo ) billionaire investor Arthur Lipton today step up he campaign for change at gtx , issue a letter to shareholder - gene sit at he desk , stare at the financial news on tv . herb rittenour ( cont would ) accuse executive of mismanagement and demand new shareholder representation on the board . last week Lipton urge gtx to sell it 's healthcare subsidiary - Karen step in from she desk outside to watch . herb rittenour ( cont would ) - as a way to help lift gtx 's share price . he also criticize expenditure on gtx 's new headquarters building under construction in ... phil drift in now too , ashen . stare at the screen . karen what do it all mean ? gene nothing good . see phil stand numb , freeze halfway into the room . gene ( cont would ) you need something phil ? phil we lose Royal Caribbean . CUT to : WALKER house dine room - afternoon 62 Bobby 's parent ' home . a work class house in framingham . the table 's set with family china and crystal for the adult , paper and plastic for the kid . but not formal , beer bottle mingle with water glass . everyone 's settling in around the table ; Jack , Bobby and Drew . Bobby 's mother , fran , come in ( conttnited ) oof 62 '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 55 . continued : 62 from the kitchen , carry more food , follow by Jack 's wife , diedre . fran Drew , round up you cousin . kevin how 's business , Jack ? kevin WALKER , Bobby 's father , sixty . jack do a big renovation in roxbury , next to that house I do last year . Nice bonus when I finish it by September . diedre if you finish it by September . kevin whenever you be ready to plumb the place , give I a call , get a special on kohler . jack how 's work , Bobby ? line up more dollar - a - day laotian preschooler to stitch tennis shoe for you in bangkok ? Kevin smile . Bobby do not . Drew and he cousin run back in from the yard , make they way to the table . the room be chaotic . kid , food make it 's way to the table , a big salad bowl be be pass around , a basket of fresh baked roll . bobby I be in manufacturing , Jack . laotian _ preschooler be not tall enough to tighten the bolt on diesel engine . jack I be read about you guy salinger in the Globe the other day . bobby you be read now ? jbck when they use small word . Said he make seven hundred time what the average gtx worker make last year . ( Bobby try to ignore he ) what do you think ? salinger work seven hundred time harder than a welder pound hot rivet into a tanker hull ? ( conttnurd * oof 62 63 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 56 . continued : ( 2 ) 62 maggie appear with cranberry , diedre follow with gravy . maggie can we say grace so the kid can start ? maggie swat gently at Drew who 's already try to eat . kevin carson , would you do the honors ? all slowly link hand , bow they head . carson dear God , thank you for the food and for let we be together on Thanksgiving and for everybody be okay . ( be she do / think ) and please help my dad find a job , so he will not be unhappy all the time . amen . you could hear a pin drop . Kevin stare at he son , so do Fran . Jack grin sheepishly to diedre ... holy shit . CUT to : WALKER live room - late afternoon 63 Bobby stand in the big picture window , look out into the yard where he father burn leave by the garage and the kid play a rowdy game of touch football . jack thing get tough , I could always use some extra help this winter . Bobby look back at he , what ? bobby hanging drywall ? jack they will be lot of work , four thousand square foot . we be gut the place . it be hard for Jack to offer . bobby thanks Jack , but I can not really see myself pound nail . Bobby go . Jack watch he as he step outside , walk across the yard toward he father . what a asshole -- 64 65 '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 57 . WALKER yard - late afternoon 64 Bobby walk through Drew and he cousin play football . drew dad , you wanna play ? bobby maybe later , okay ? Drew stare after he , disappointed . Bobby step up to he father and the burn leave . bobby ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) they downsize a couple hundred of we here , thousand more company wide . his father do not look up . the smoke rise into a leaden sky , heavy with a come snow . kevin when ? bobby early September . kevin - that big house in wellesley , the car , the ski vacation . Christ , the way you two live . bobby ( angrily ) . I be irresponsible , live beyond my mean . right , dad ? 's they stare at each other over the pile of leave . kevin you mom and i. have some money put away -- Bobby shake he head , no . as the kid play football , we -- gtx boardroom - day 65 a huge granite conference table set with crystal water carafe and mont blanc pen . salinger 's at the head of the table , gene be there , archer , Stevens and hansen . hansen Goldman sach be do due diligence for Lipton and skadden arp be snooping around for somebody , maybe ally , maybe ( more ) ( conttnited ) '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 58 . 65 continued : 65 hansen ( cont would ) simonov 's baltic Global out of Moscow . bater woodruff call , off the record . gene look up , ally ? really ? archer what 's the top price bater will pay ? hansen 89 a share . archer too low . steven do not matter . when it get out that belcon Capital be look at Ocean '' steel , share jump ten . hansen Lipton 's put market value at one hundred . salinger so we need we stock at one hundred two . that get 's everyone 's head up out of they papers . a beat : steven that 's seventeen more a share . salinger I can add , noah . steven we be already in danger of not make we quarterly . we start fool around and miss we number again -~ salinger we do not have to get all the way to one hundred . it get into the mid-ninety we will show we be on a positive trend . gene how be we suppose to boost the share price again ? salinger take a beat , know it 's not go to go down well . : salinger increase efficiency , reduce cost . gene more downsizing ? cconttnite y 65 '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 59 . continued : ( 2 ) 65 the room quiet . salinger look at gene , a warning . gene ( cont would ) what happen if we try this stunt again and the stock stall at ninety ? salinger increase market value be not a " stunt " . it 's now so quiet you can hear the hiss of force air heat rush through vent . but gene press on : '' gene ' we should at least explore other option . ( no one speak up ) what about sell the healthcare group ? archer what ? gene maybe Lipton be right . archer | healthcare be the only division exhibit growth . salinger I be not break the company up . gene all right . what about sell the new headquarters building ? steven you have see we future occupancy study , we be go to need the space . gene not if we keep fire people , we be not . salinger I be not sell the new building ! it 's a eruption . it silence the room . after a few uncomfortable beat , salinger turn to hansen . salinger ( cont would ) tell human resource to start draw up a list for another round of downsizing . CUT to : 66 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 60 . gtx ballway outside the boardroom - day _ 66 gene Jim ... Jim ...! gene catch up to salinger and archer walk in the glass wall boardroom hallway . salinger do not slow . gene ( cont would ) gim , come on ... salinger slow reluctantly . archer 's still there . gene ( cont would ) give we a minute , would you ? ( archer move off ) what do you want I to do , parrot back everything you say ? ( salinger stiffen ) I have always tell you what I think , right or wrong . and this be wrong . for salinger , I be late for a meeting . and salinger go . off gene , leave alone in the hallway , we -- CUT to : 66a omit / 66a 67 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 61 . bobby's bedroom - night Bobby and maggie in bed , talk quietly under the sheet in the dark . it 's late , snow lightly outside . maggie we will not be able to make the mortgage next month . I call Bridget , she think if we price the house low enough , we may be able to get as much as four hundred . bobby four hundred ? that 's less than we owe . we would loose everything we have get in it . maggie it do not matter how much we have get in it , you severance end in three week . we be go to end up in foreclosure . they be not fight , both be too tired , she head rest on he outstretch arm . bobby we will not have anything to put down on another house . maggie we can not qualify for a new house on just my salary anyway . bobby so what be we suppose to do , pitch a tent in the park ? maggie take a beat , know this be go to go down badly . maggie we could move in with you folk . bobby oh , shit ... maggie they have two extra bedroom -- bobby we be not move in with my parent . maggie it would just be temporary . bobby I would have to kill myself first . ( conttnued '' 67 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 62 . 67 continued : 67 they lay there like that for a long beat . maggie Jack tell I he offer you a job the other day and you shut he down pretty hard . bobby can not you see that , I work for you brother ? maggie he be just try to help . bobby by let I hang drywall ? maggie stare at he , be he really that remove from reality ? she try a different tack -- maggie you would get back into great shape . she trace she finger along he hand , up he arm , it 's sexy . maggie ( cont would ) callouse , a tan . bobby in the middle of winter ? maggie Big , broad shoulder from carry all that heavy lumber and the hammer ... she 's try , but he be not respond . then , quietly : bobby I have to get up early . turn away from she , pull up the cover . she 's leave lay there stare at the ceiling . rejected , as we -~ CUT to : 68 the upscale HOTEL room - day 68 wilcox 's head lie on gene 's naked chest , post -coital , back under the sheet at they every ~ Tuesday lunch hotel . wilcox Bobby Walker 's still leave I message . my assistant think he 's psychotic , want I to get a restrain order . ( continued '' 68 " the company Men '' shoot draft 3/30/09 63 . continued : 68 gene I be sure you have get worse . she look at he . yeah she have , but she do not need to hear it from he . after a moment : wilcox think you will be able to get away for a day or two of ski at Christmas ? gene look at she , what ? after a beat , carefully : gene I do not know . i'1l1 have to see . ( change the subject ) hansen get you start on the new list ? she eye he , be not sure they should be discuss this . gene ( cont would ) I be in the meeting , Sally . wilcox yesterday . gene how many ? ( she do not answer ) how many ? wilcox five thousand . gene what 's the criterion for get can this time ? Hell , Gary hunt 's put ona few extra pound , maybe he should go . Heard Jill Carter have cancer , we could save a bundle on she insurance premium . she stare at he , do not answer , climb out of bed , hunt for she lingerie on the floor . gene take a breath -- shit . gene ( cont would ) Sally ... nothing , she back to he , pull on she clothing . he reach across , gently touch she back , but she stand , disappear into the bathroom . off gene -- CUT to : 69 70 '' the company Men '' shoot draft 3/30/09 64 . the . country club - day 69 a bright , crisp , early winter day . Bobby head for the diehard hit ball onto the brown grass of the range . bobby hey , the billionaire boy 's club , how go the plotting ? Warren Buffet still safe atop the fortune five hundred ? mifflin , conner , and carlson look among themselves uncomfortably , be clearly talk about Bobby . conner how 's the job hunt go , Bobby ? bobby terrific . a young country club employee , dale , arrive . dale Mr. conner , you group be up . they gather themselves , start for the first tee . bobby ready to get you ass kick , Eric ? dale -.- Mr. Walker ? Dale discreetly motion for Bobby to wait as the other start out . Bobby look at he quizzically . dale ( cont would ) can I speak to you for a moment ? CUT to : Mass general - morning 70 Bobby make he way down the hospital hall , look . dodging patient , staff . spot maggie . behind a nurse ' station . bobby what the hell be go on ? uh-oh , she do not like the sound of that . bobby ( cont would ) I get throw off the course at the Club ! she pull he aside in the hallway , try to calm he down . ( conttnited 1 ) 70 '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 65 . continued : 70 maggie keep you voice down . bobby we have not pay we due since October ? maggie I have not be pay a lot of thing . bobby I look like a fuck deadbeat ! she 's not go to stand there while he yell at she . step up to he , toe to toe . maggie this be real , Bobby . this be happen to we . but you be wander around in some sort of a daze . play golf ? get you porsche detailed ? bobby I have to look successful ! I can not just be another asshole with a resume ! maggie you be just another asshole with a resume ! he stop , stare at she . she look down , do not mean it to come out quite like that . he stare off defiantly , then : bobby I write they a check for the balance . maggie cancel it . Bobby , turn . walk away . bobby no . maggie we can not afford it ! bobby no ! cut to : 71 '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 66 . bobby's house - late afternoon 71 maggie pull in . have to park in the driveway . the garage be a mess of box and junk , Bobby in the middle of it , sorting . maggie T should have be honest with you about the club , but you have not be honest with I . bobby do we need this anymore ? a old , much use playpen . she do not answer . bobby ( cont would ) figure we would throw a garage sale this weekend . maybe raise a couple of buck . he 's cold , distant . rummages through junk . maggie you need to get a job , any job . ( he do not answer ) I can not do this alone , Bobby . bobby you be right . I be play golf at the club and in a few week I will not be able to support my family . self-pity be not what she be hope for . maggie we be go to get through this . thing will be great again . he heave a stack of baby toy into the pile angrily . bobby thing will not be great again . I have be look for month and I have not have one job offer , not one . I have call everybody I know and a lot of people I do not and begge , fuck begge for a job , a lead , anything ! ( and ) there be thousand of new mbas out there who will work for nothing . no kid , no mortgage ! work ninety - hour week ! ( then ) you want honesty ? I be a thirty - seven year old unemployed fuck - up who can not even support he own family ! ( cont tnurd ) 71 72 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 67 . continued : 71 maggie that 's not true . you be gonna find a job , a good job . work for people who know how lucky they be to have you . tear stream down he face , he wipe they away angrily . bobby Christ , when do it all turn to shit ? now she 's wiping away tear too . maggie it have not turn to shit . you have Drew and carson . you parent . and I ... you have I . he stand there , all shattered pride and rage as carson ride she bike up into the drive , handlebar streamer flutter in the breeze . stop , not want to intrude , watch quietly . cur to : human resource conference room - morning 72 gene , wilcox , landry , hansen . donut , coffee . gene 's * stare at a long list . shift uncomfortably in he chair . * wilcox debra haye have ten year with the company and outstanding evaluation . landry * she also have a husband with a successful law practice and two kid who would probably be delighted to have mommy at home . gene she 's sixty , I doubt she " kid " be still in school , much less call she mommy . ( and ) phil woodward 's on here again . gene 's stare at wilcox . l landry look around , answer . * landry * he fit the criterion -- gene I be not talk to you , Dick . it 's tough , mean to shut landry up . it do not . * ( conttnurd y '' the company Men " shoot draft yellow 5/4/09 68 . 72 continued : 72 landry he 's grossly overpaid and just blow a five hundred million dollar deal -~- gene what be you , deaf ? shut the fuck up . ( back to wilcox ) the Royal Caribbean thing be not he fault , they be frighten away by all the takeover talk . wilcox we do a thorough cost / productivity evaluation of each employee , examine numerous index -- gene cut the Harvard Business school bullshit and take he off the goddam list . she 's shocked , a deer in the headlight , look to hansen for support . hansen lean forward to gene , proceed evenly . hansen the list be still preliminary , gene . gene be leaf through it , incredulous . gene I be look and all I see be people over fifty with just enough young one throw in to protect we against litigation . hansen stare flatly at gene . hansen I be confident all of this dismissal will stand up to outside legal scrutiny . gene what about ethical scrutiny ? hansen we be not break any law , gene . ( conttnued ) '' the company Men " shoot draft yellow 5/4/09 69 . 72 continued : ( 2 ) 72 gene take a moment , consider hansen : gene I guess I always assume we be try for a higher standard than that , Paul . CUT to : 73 one communications human resource department - day 73 Bobby wait in the reception area , suit , tie . pessimistic , wishing he be somewhere else . check he watch . thayer Mr. Walker ? a man Bobby 's age , friendly , warm , informal . thayer ( cont would ) Troy thayer . 74 ' hayer' office 74 kid 's photo and drawing , messy desk . thayer motion Bobby to the couch , sit in a chair . hunt for Bobby 's file , thayer a gtx casualty . how you hold up ? bobby okay , thanks . thayer Dan mass give you a great recommendation . ( vead ) sale , marketing , mba . Regional work . you go to school at State College ? bobby undergrad , yeah . thayer my wife go to Penn , love it . Bobby look at he , a real human be ? be that possible ? thayer ( cont would ) you willing to work for ninety a year plus commission and bonus ? bobby a...yeah . ( conttnited y 74 15 '' the company Men " shoot draft pink 4/13/09 70 . continued : 74 thayer good news be we be grow fast and there 's plenty of head room around here . thayer close the file , offer he hand . thayer ( cont would ) I can not promise you anything , but with Dan 's recommendation and you resume , you seem like the right £ fit for the job . ( steer Bobby out ) we have to make a decision by next week , so you should hear from we soon . cur 70 : gene's office - day 75 gene 's at he desk , stare out at the wintery exurbia . a woman 's angry voice intrude . wilcox what the hell be that ? gene what the hell be " what " ? wilcox you humiliate I in front of hansen . gene you put phil on the list ? wilcox we can hire three worker for the same money we be pay phil woodward . gene so loyalty and experience mean nothing ? wilcox you be not the one who have to tell three other employee they ' be get fire so you can keep phil. gene so do not do it . wilcox do not do what , my job ? be that what you be ask ? ( conttnord ) 15 76 '' the company Men " shoot draft pink 4/13/09 71 . continued : 78 gene take a beat , then : gene yeah , I guess it be . wilcox stare at he . then , simply : wilcox I be forty year old , single . you gonna leave you wife when I get can ? marry I . help I get back on my foot ? she wait , he do not answer . wilcox ( cont would ) that 's what I think . she turn , leave . off gene -- cur to : the boston common ~ day 76 Bobby make he way across the street , dodging traffic and dirty snow . head into the park to find Danny , Diane and other from outplacement play five on five , out - of - shape touch football in the cold . conal 's on the sideline , bundle up , guard the beer . bobby who 's win ? conal who know . how would it go ? bobby the interview ? not bad . Bobby strip off he suit~jacket , loosen he tie . head for the game , yell to the player . ( conttntited ) 716 77 " the company Men " shoot draft pink 4/13/09 72 . continued : 76 bobby ( cont would ) anybody need a all - pro wideout ? danny yeah , we be get we ass kick . diane you can take my place ... Bobby join Danny 's team as Diane jog back to the picnic table . Danny step in behind center , take the hike . danny huht ...huht ... huht ! the mis guy center snap the ball . Bobby run like hell on a down and out . Diane sit next to conal , try to warm up . diane how would he interview go , he say ? Bobby fake leave , go right . Danny waft he the bail . he catch it over the outstretch hand of he defender . spin a move , slip , dive forward for some extra yardage and come up smile . muddy , and very happy . conal guess it go okay . CUT to : outside gene's house - late afternoon 77 gene sit down by the pier , overcoat still on . drink in hand . Cynthia come from the house , look for he . cynthia what be you do out here , it 's freezing ? he take a beat . gene we be fire more people . cynthia could you have stop it ? he do not answer , do not want to answer . she watch he , then carefully : cconttnttrd y 77 78 " the company Men " . shoot draft 3/30/09 73 . continued : 77 cynthia ( cont have ) why do not you quit ? ( he look up , what ? ) Beth graduate this year , liam be set . we have get more than enough money to last a couple of lifetime . gene and do what , garden ? _ cynthia we could sell this place . live out on the vineyard like we have always want to . gene you could learn needlepoint while I try my hand at watercolor landscape . she 's stung . but press on : cynthia Travel , buy a place in Florida or San remo . sail , play a little tennis , golf . gene I hate golf . '' she 's tired of it , of he . she stare at he for a moment , then turn and go . off gene , brood in he chair in the gather darkness , barely register that she 's leave , we -- CUT to : mk&t bullpen - day : 78 Bobby sit in he carrel , stare at the phone . Danny return from the coffee room , look to conal . conal shake he head , no .. Danny walk across the room toward Bobby , pass people load up , leave for the day . danny they will call tomorrow . Bobby look up at Danny . do not answer . stands , gather he thing , pull on he coat , start out . Diane step out of the xerox room to watch he pass . . Danny call after he . danny ( cont would ) hey Bobby . they have not see anything yet . we be just get start . ( conttnited ) 78 79 80 80 a '' the company Men " shoot draft goldenrod 5/15/09 74 . continued : 78 Bobby look back , smile . it 's not very convincing . turn , push through the glass door , and he 's go . * bobby's house - day 79 the house be quiet , only a single voice offscreen , somewhere deep inside . we move towards it , through the silent live room . move into the hushed stillness of the kitchen and down the stair to find Bobby , he back to we , on the phone . bobby ... Troy thayer , please . ( listen ) be he in , Robert Walker call ... ( a long wait ) .-: no , I understand ... I be call about a position . northeastern sale manager . we come slowly around to he face , the bright winter light filter through the breakfast nook blind . bobby ( cont would ) +-- it have ... ( a beat , then ) thank you for you time ... he hang the phone up slowly , lean back against the wall . maggie have appear on the step . watch . after a beat , he look up , see she there . her heart aches for he . he push himself off the wall , hand she a envelope as he pass . maggie what 's this ? bobby my last paycheck . * omit 80 * bobby's garage - late night soa * Bobby 's in the garage , light on overhead , vacuum , windex , * armoxall , carefully , loyingly , polish the porsche in the * middle of the night . off Bobby , solitary , work , we -- * cur to : 81 82 83 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 75 . bobby's house - late afternoon 81 Bobby stand outside he open garage , remain of a recent snow feathered around the brown grass . watch maggie at the curb , talk to a young man in a suit , write a check . he hand she it to she , climb into Bobby 's now sparkling porsche . turn it over with a purr and start off . maggie walk up the drive past Bobby and into the house . Bobby head for the street , pass a '' century 21 for sale " sign hammer into the freeze lawn . step into the street . watch the porsche slow at the stop sign , signal , disappear . cuT to : gtx marketing department - afternoon 82 a shake phil walk through empty desk and desert work station toward Christmas music and laughter . enter -- marketing department christmas party 83 pack with exec and support staff . the conference table groan with Christmas refreshment . somebody 's put on a Dean Martin yuletide CD . phil find gene , mid-story -- phil gene ... gene hey , phil . grab a drink . ( back to the group ) so the guy keep babbling in mandarin for what , ten minute ? Fifteen ? jane more like half a hour -- phil gene , please . gene hang on , phil . so at the end of this hour long rant we turn to the translator and the guy say ... " Mr. Lan say no . " now everyone 's laugh , Lake , Jane . phil gene ! gene Jesus phil , grab a drink . it 's a party . ( cont tnurd ) 83 84 85 86 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 76 . continued ; 83 phil Sally wilcox just fire I . cuT to : office of the ceo 84 gene burst into the reception area . the door to salinger 's huge inner office stand open . it 's empty . gene where be he ? jill he leave for New York this morning . gene stare into the empty office . now what ? gene when will he be back ? jill after the board meeting . she may as well have slap he . gene what board meeting ? oh , shit . it 's terribly awkward for both of they . then : jill would you like to leave a message ? CUT to : gene's outer office - afternoon 85 gene burst into he outer office . Karen stand as he enter , very worried . gene find Sally wilcox and tell she to get she ass up here now ! karen she 's already in you office . what ? gene take a beat , then head into -- gene's office - afternoon 86 wilcox stare out the window . ( conttnufd ) 86 87 '' the company Men '' shoot draft goldenrod 5/15/09 77 . continued : 86 gene you fire phil ? wilcox gene -- gene hire he back . wilcox gene , please -- gene godammit Sally , we talk about this . wilcox gene ! she 's finally get he attention . he look at she oddly . she take a deep breath , hand he the paper she 's be clutching in she hand . he take it reluctantly , read . a beat . finally , he look up . stare at she for another long beat . then turn , pick up a chrome and leather mile van de rohr chair and fling it . it smashes into the wall and glass , bounce off . Karen rush in , draw by the noise . stops. stare . gene stand , breathe heavily , back to the woman . Karen look at wilcox , what the hell be go on ? quietly : gene we build this company together . from nothing . Karen realize what 's happen . karen -+- oh , my god ... - wilcox hang she head , Karen fight back tear . off gene -- CUT to : gtx lobby - late afternoon 87 * gene exit the elevator , not carry a thing . no * briefcase , no box . that 's it , he 's walk away . * cconttatrdy 87 88 89 90 '' the company Men " shoot draft goldenrod 5/15/09 78 . continued : 87 phil 's sit in the lobby . box of he thing at he foot . gene stop , do not say anything , wait for phil to speak . phil you too ? ( gene nod / after a beat ) fuck ‘em . they think this be tough ? I work hull assembly at gloucester . remember , gene ? ( gene smile sadly ) try spot-weld inside a thirty - six inch propeller shaft sixty hour a week , bunch of pansy nass prick . gene look around the lobby . it 's quiet in the middle of the afternoon , peaceful . cur to : ext . gene's house - late afternoon 38 gene turn he BMW into the long drive that lead up to he house . the garage door slowly open to reveal Cynthia 's cream - color mercede cl - coupe , he meticulously restore ' 59 corvette and spotless varnish concrete floor . ext . gene's house 89 gene walk slowly to the door . slip he key into the lock . int . gene‘s house - entrance hallway 90 it 's quiet , still . elegantly decorate for the holiday . White insettias and narcissus compete with blood red amaryllis . a beautifully appoint Christmas tree , carefully wrap gift in silver and gold pile high underneath . he stand there , freeze , overcoat on , car key still in hand . Cynthia 's distant voice call from somewhere upstairs : cynthia ( 0s ) «-- gene ...? a quiet resolve come over he . he look around the house one final time . staxt back for the front door . cynthia ( os ) ( cont would ) gene ? she appear at the top of the stair just in time to hear the front door close . come down a few stair . but the hallway be empty . he 's go . off Cynthia we -- cur to : + ob 91 92 93 '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 79 . a brookline STREET - night 91 Old brick town home , wringht iron fence , black lacquer door . gene make he way up the walk , dead leave dance across he path . he knock , wait . knock again . the sound of lock be undone . the door open . it 's wilcox . she stare at he for a long beat . he do not say anything , just stand there , he cold breath escape into the frigid air . finally , she step aside . let 's he slip past she , disappear into the welcoming warmth of she home . wilcox take another moment , then close the door after he , leave we alone on the front stoop as we -- CUT to : mk&t bullpen - morning 92 a few meager Christmas decoration have be place around . Bobby 's at he carrel . Danny 's next door , on hold . bobby where the hell be everybody today ? danny it 's the holiday , they be all home contemplate suicide . diane Bobby ... Diane in she carrel , Bobby look up , through the front door , a new stream of the recently fire head for orientation . suit , briefcase , tie , many be older . Shell - shocked . the casually dress outplacement veteran watch they pass . Bobby 's old secretary , Carol , be among the last to pass . she wave at Bobby sadly . disappear into the orientation room . they watch as a counselor start she spiel on the other side of the floor to ceiling glass . conal join they . conal you be never go to guess who 's in joanna 's office . ( and then ) gene mcclary 's favorite ass -kisser , phil woodward . joanna' office 93 she 's behind she tidy desk , read he resume . phil 's seat in front of she uncomfortably . ( conttnued '' 93 continued : '' the company Men '' shoot draft 3/30/09 80 . 93 joanna you resume 's very impressive , phil . phil thank you . she pull out she red feel - tip pen . joanna you start on the factory floor , not many people can claim that anymore . you want to get rid of the ancient stuff , anything pre-ninety . ( he stare at she ) instead of list the number of year you hold each position at gtx , indicate you title and responsibility . and here , where you have note you military service , do not say Vietnam . combat infantryman be impressive enough . she 's mark up he resume like some fourth grade teacher . joanna ( cont would ) you could stand to loose a few pound . you smoke , phil ? phil occasionally . joanna quit . employer do not want employee health problem ratchete up they insurance premium , phil . and you might want to think about die you hair . get rid of some of the grey . phil do we know each other ? joanna Excuse I ? phil you keep use my first name . she lean back , size he up . evenly : joanna I be not the enemy . you be push sixty , you look like hell . you be go to have a rough time out there . ( conttnied '' 93 94 95 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 81 . continued : ( 2 ) 93 phil would you show I to my office please ? CUT to : phil be mk&t office - day 94 small , very plain . phil look around bleakly . bobby you get a window . company have to pay extra for that . Bobby 's at the open door . phil smile , offer he hand . phil least the prick could do . how 's the best damn salesman on the East Coast ? bobby unemploy . phil yeah , lot of that go around . ( Bobby 's t- shirt and jeans ) dress code pretty lax around here ? bobby wait till you see casual Fridays . phil smile sadly . neither of they know what to say . CUT to : bobby's home office off the kitchen - late afternoon 95 Bobby 's stare out the window , stack of use yellow pad and newspaper strewn around . he 's lose in the swirl snow and approach darkness outside he window . a long moment before he 's interrupt by the jarring ring of he telephone . bobby -+-hello ... he listen . shit , drop he head . bobby ( cont would ) no ... look , I tell you people last week , we be pay all we can ... ( listen ) you want I to lie and say I will send you a check ?... okay ... right , sure . hang up . shit. maggie 's step into the room behind he . ( conttnured 1 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 82. 95 continued : 95 maggie american Express ? bobby mortgage . maggie ( after a beat ) yvette ask I to work tomorrow night . bobby New year Eve ? maggie it 's double - time . drew ++ - dad ? Drew 's stand behind maggie in the doorway . drew ( cont would ) can you drive I over to Kyle 's ? bobby I be busy now , buddy . maybe later , okay ? Drew turn , tramp away sullenly . Bobby look over to find maggie stare at he . exhales , shit . follow Drew into -- 96 the kitchen - late afternoon 96 trails Drew toward the stair . bobby hey Drew , come on ... but Drew keep go , not look back . maggie follow they . bobby ( cont would ) why do not you play halo or guitar - hero or something on you new X - box ? maggie Bobby , hang on . bobby Drew , come on ... but Drew disappear upstairs . Bobby look to maggie . bobby ( cont would ) there 's a blizzard out and he 's piss I do not want to drive he to the matlock 's . ( more ) ( cont tnitrd 96 97 98 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 83 . continued : 96 bobby ( cont would ) we just buy he the damn thing for Christmas and already he 's bored with it ? maggie he do not have the X - box anymore . ( what ? ) he take it back . he know we could not afford it . ( Bobby just stare ) he ask I if he could and I say yes . he 's right , we can not afford it . maggie go . off Bobby we -- cur to : roxbury - early morning 97 a bright , blind post - snow day . it 's cold , a brisk wind come in off the Atlantic . Bobby park he use camry in front of a old house . climb out . the house be a couple of hundred year old , tear up . stack of lumber sit in the yard , plastic sheet cover the window . make he way slowly up the debris strewn drive , past the dumpster and a Sam gump , out onto the rock hard , freeze dirt yard , toward the sound of saws and hammer . a man come from the house , head for a truck . Bobby 's bother - in-law , Jack . Jack , stare . tool belt , old flannel shirt , beat - up down vest . Bobby stop a few yard away from he . Cloud of hard white mist escape with every breath . bobby I need a job , Jack . CUT to : roxbury house - early morning 98 Bobby pull up at the curb , climb out of he use camry . New work boot , thermal underwear top , heavy sweater , old ski parka . grab a brand new leather tool belt off the passenger seat . Hammer , tape measurer , screwdriver . Jack stand by he truck ; two man beside he . davey , muscular , fifty , a light camel dangle from he mouth . and mike , twenty , silent , hung-over . they watch Bobby try to get the heavy belt snap around he waist . jack do not think you be gonna be need that just yet . ( continite 1 98 99 100 101 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 84 . continued : 98 toss the dregs of he coffee into the yard , disappear inside the house with a heavy extension cord and skill saw . davey follow . Mike grin at Bobby . * mike Nice tool belt . cuT to : roxbury house - morning 99 * a huge pile of plywood sit in the yard . Bobby struggle to pick up one of the awkward 4 x8 sheet . it 's difficult , heavy . you have to get you right hand on one edge , slide it across the pile and hump the weight up and over you head . he stagger toward the house , huffing and grunt , blind on one side because the sheet block he view . slam into the front door frame , stagger back , crouch to make it into -- roxbury house 100 * it 's skeletal , stripped down to old 2 x4 true beam and snake ungrounded ceramic electrical line . he look up the wind staircase to the hammer and tinny oldy radio drift down from the third floor above . start up the bannister - less stair with he unwieldy load . every step be torture , the machine plywood edge cut into he hand , he muscle scream , the precarious drop to the first floor increasingly terrifying with every step . to make matter worse , he slam the plywood on each landing as he climb . each slam jarring tooth and bone , he head smashed against the fresh cut ply . finally arrive on -- the third floor 101 squat , dump the plywood clumsily down with a flopping , clunk . the floor 's go , Jack and davey balanced out on the * 2x12s . '' hey Mr. tambourine man " blare from the plaster and * paint splatter radio . * Bobby lean against the wall , fight for breath . Mike scamper along the open beam , haul Bobby 's plywood across to where Jack and davey secure it with nail gun . * jack keep ‘em come , Bob . Bobby push himself off the wall , start back down . nconttnued y 101 101a 101b " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 85 . continued : 101 jack ( cont would ) hey , Bobby ? grab two this time . cur to : roxbury house - day : 101a Bobby on the step , this time with two sheet . he 's sweat in spite of the cold , strain , get to the top of the stair , dump he two sheet on top of the now three foot tall pile of plywood . stagger back , already exhaust . Jack check he watch . set down he nail gun , turn off the compressor , straighten up , start out . davey and Mike notice , set down they nail gun , start out after he . Bobby watch they quizzically , where be they go ? Mike nod to Bobby as he pass . mike +. - lunch . Bobby smile , thank god . look after the man , but they be already halfway down the stair . bobby oh yeah , where we go ? CUT to : roxbury house third floor - day 101b a sea of old stud wall and the century old plank flooring . the man sit around on nail box and stack of 2x4 , eat sandwich and chip , drink soda , coffee and Red bull pluck ' from they batter lunch cooler . they be laugh . a depressed Bobby sit off by himself , no lunch , pick at he blister and tear finger , lunch -less . Jack pick tomato off he sandwich , toss they back in he cooler . jack Fifteen year , she 's still try to get I to eat tomato . davey watch Bobby , stand , come over , sit . leans in , examine Bobby 's brand new leather work glove . davey New . that 's why you be get blister . he dig a unbelievably old pair of glove out of he back pocket , set they down next to Bobby along with half of he sandwich . ( conttnued 1 '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 86 . 101b continued : 101b 102 103 104 head back for the group . Bobby stare after he , catch Jack eat , watch he . cur to : bobby's bedroom - night 102 it 's dark , the house below alive with the sound of kid . maggie open the door , send a wedge of light into the room , revealing Bobby pass out on the bed , still fully clothed . bobby just get a gun and shoot I . he look awful , hair smashed to one side , face chap . she examine he hand ; small cut , blister , splinter . maggie I '1l get some neosporin . she head into the bathroom . he sit up slowly . it 's hard , there be not a single inch of he that do not hurt . bobby I hate you brother , maggie . I really hate the son of a bitch . she rummages around in the medicine cabinet . then : bobby ( cont would ) I do not think I can go back . she step out of the bathroom , stand in the open doorway , stare at he , hard . maggie sure you can . CUT to : roxbury house - morning 103 a portable cement mixer rumble on the lawn as Bobby hoist a heavy bag of plaster up and pour it into the rotate mixer . he 's cover head to toe with plaster dust . shovel two five gallon bucket full of plaster from the slough . pick the bucket up with a grunt , start for the house , load down like a coolie from the good Earth . head into -- the house 104 and up the stair toward the music and hammer . arm strain , pail sloshing . find the man on -- 105 106 '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 87 . the third floor 105 work on a lathe and plaster wall . the radio blare old springsteen . Jack and Mike work as a team , silently put up piece of hole plaster sheet with nail gun . davey * follow behind , trowell . Bobby pour the plaster into a tub , it splatter around messily . Bobby lean back against the lathe , close he eye , want to die . davey check the plaster in the tub . * davey * too thin , add another sack to the mix . Bobby nod wearily , head back for the stair again with he bucket . Jack call after he . jack easy work , huh Bobby ? pretty much like move cost report from the in - box to the out - box , be I right ? but he 's yell to air , bucket - boy Bobby be go . CUT to : int . wilcox be live room - morning 106 gene come from the kitchen , carry mug of coffee . pajama bottom , bruin T-shirt . set one mug on the edge of the dining table , collapse into a chair , open up the paper . * wilcox come downstairs , heel , suit , slim briefcase tuck under one arm , pull on earring . slow slightly at the sight of he park at she table . * wilcox what do you have plan today ? gene not much . he turn the set on , CNN . she pick up the coffee he leave for she , talk to the back of he head . wilcox Ed and dana invite we to dinner tonight . that get he attention , he look away from the tv . gene who ? ( conttnited 106 106 a 107 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 88 . continued : 106 wilcox Old friend . ( and ) seven-thirty . pick up a nice bottle of pinot when you go out , okay ? be he plan on go out ? but she 's already on the move . the front door close behind she . off gene -- CUT to : fmr corporation personnel floor - day 106a a live - in floor of a building , off white wall , utilitarian carpete . phil step into a bland reception area , make he way to a desk . phil phil woodward , I have a -- hr receptionist sign in and take a seat . point down the long hallway , line with metal chair occupy by man in suit . briefcase and coat pile uncomfortably on lap . make he way through man stare up at he as he pass . finally find a empty chair . sit . look to the two man sit next to he , young , both eyeing he . across the way , another man . also young . phil look around . they be all young , ten year . even twenty . he exhales , settles in for another long wait . CUT to : move to 134a 107 ( conttnued 1 ** + of ee oe * '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 89-90 . 107 continued : 107 108 roxbury house - day 108 Bobby stand in the freeze mud , help Mike and davey toss the last of a heap of construction debris into the dumpster . Mike 's nursing a beer , do more talk than work . it 's frigid , the cloud above slate-grey . Jack ferries tool from the house into he pick - up truck . mike Hell , Jack , you hear that ? Bob get twelve week pay when they shit -canne he ! fuck , where do I sign up ? ( Jack just keep load tool ) my uncle Tommy work for the phone company nineteen year , they laid he off ten month short of lifetime medical , Mike belch , toss he empty up into the dumpster . mike ( cont would ) hire he back four month later . half he old wage , no benefit . Jack step up , hand Bobby a envelope . Mike and davey too . bobby what 's this ? jack paycheck . mike run , do not walk , to cash that sucker . davey go . a paycheck ? Bobby check the envelope , look up , surprised . find Jack already climb into he truck . ( conttnired '' 108 109 '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 91 . continued : 108 bobby there 's a extra two hundred in here . Jack turn the engine over on the truck . jack I must have make a mistake . pop it into gear , go . off Bobby watch he go -- CUT to : int . a SMALL dine room - night 109 we're on gene , sit unhappily at a table crowded with wilcox 's friend . everyone 's at least a decade young than he be . the table 's litter with bottle of wine and italian food recently dumped from take - out container to platter . it 's noisy , four conversation go on at once , none of they involve gene . gene focus on drink instead . ed wilcox bullshit , nobody 's earning 5 % I would try it . in this market ... tom dana they load distress asset jump out on a airplane ? into the portfolio ... ed wilcox take on a lot more risk . it would be a hell of a rush . gene watch it all with a certain detach irritation . like the rule of cricket be explain to you in farsi . tom dana not really . not if you so 's robbing a bank , but I be balance it out with muny . not go to try that either . robin you ever do it , gene ? a woman to gene 's right , invite he into the conversation . gene what ? robin sky-dive ? gene not recently , no . ( conttnited } " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 92 . 109 continued : 109 will mommy ... ? a six - year- old boy have appear in he pajamas . dana oh god . what be you do up will ? Excuse I , everybody . dana scoops the boy up , go . tom that 's we house , every night . wilcox the baby 's still not sleep ? Robin nod ruefully . Ed pour gene more wine . ed you have kid , gene ? gene two . ed yeah ? how old ? gene thirty and thirty - two . Robin and Tom share a look . gene see it , so do wilcox . ed wow , out of the house . lucky you . gene yep . potty -train and everything . wilcox shoot gene a warning look . tom what be you do now , gene ? gene Excuse I ? tom since gtx ? what be you up to ? gene I be get into the internet . ( conttnured '' 109 110 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 93 .. continued : ( 2 ) 109 . ed that 's great . manage or a start-up ? gene surfing . there 's a uncomfortable silence . wilcox stare . finally : ed so , five percent ? really ? tom robin yeah . check with teddy , be you go to be able to he will tell you . he hook I join we up at the lake this up with that guy at Lynch . summer , Sally ? gene 's happy to recede into the background again , drink . robin it 's fabulous . hiking , kayake , mountain bike . they have this great half -cabin , half - tent thing ... off wilcox , talk to Robin , but watch gene we -- CUT to : ext . CITY STREET - night 110 gene and wilcox walk toward he aston . it 's cold , wet . wilcox how long be you go to keep this up ? | gene keep what up ? she stop , angry . wilcox this. tonight . hanging around on my sofa . feeling sorry for yourself . gene I tell you I do not want to come . she stare at he , then give up , start back for the car . gene ( cont would ) five percent on distress asset and sky diving ? Jesus Christ ... cconttnurd 1 110 111 " the company Men " shoot draft yellow 5/4/09 94 . continued : 110 wilcox ( turn on he ) goddammit ! Jim salinger 's a prick , you get screw , get over it ! she continue on , but he do not move . suddenly freeze . look up into the dark sky , million of small drop of rain cascade down toward he , illuminate by streetlight . she realize he have stop . turn back . see he stand there . wilcox ( cont would ) give I the key . he do not answer , still mesmerize . wilcox ( cont would ) you be drunk . ( still nothing ) give I the damn key , gene ! off gene , stare up into the dark sky , we -- CUT to : omit 111 112 113 114 115 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 95 . bobby's house - day 112 Bobby stand in the empty kitchen . no furniture , the kid ' drawing on the refrigerator , the bulletin board of family photo and school notice go . only a few box remain on the counter . maggie enter , grab one , follow by Drew who take another . maggie you check the basement ? he nod . they leave . Bobby grab the final box off the counter , take a last look around . and go . cut to : bobby's parent ' house - night 113 Bobby tuck Drew in , carson 's already asleep in the other twin bed , dog sleep at she foot . the room be plain , not yet adorn with any of the child 's personal belonging . bobby . you go to be alright sleep with you sister for awhile ? Drew smile up at he father , nod . drew sure . Drew 's so adult , it make he father want to cry . Bobby step out into -- the hallway 114 find he father , climb the stair on he way to bed . kevin they tuck in ? Bobby nod . Kevin stand there , its awkward , distant . kevin ( cont would ) need anything ? Bobby take a moment , then shake he head , " no " . Kevin go . Bobby watch he disappear into he bedroom as we -- CUT to : bobby's old bedroom - night 115 Bobby stare at the ceiling in the semi-darkness . ( conttnited ) 115 116 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 96 . continued : 115 bobby I could not wait to get out of this house . my parent , the neighborhood , the church . he look around the room , take a deep breath . quietly : bobby ( cont would ) I be go to be ceo . slowly dissolve through to : ext . wilcox be backyard ~ early afternoon 116 a splendid spring day , tulip and lilac . two young child run in the yard , Easter basket in hand , hunt for egg . liam she seem nice , dad . good with kid . wilcox and gene 's daughter - in-law , Susan , point out possible egg location to the kid . gene and he son , liam , watch . gene juggle he fussy , eight month old grandson . liam ( cont would ) she have any of she own ? ( gene shoot he a look ) what ? it 's never too late to start . liam 's enjoy himself but gene do not take the bait . gene think you and Susan could get away for a week in June ? we be rent a house out on stonewall Beach . liam June ? maybe ... ( change the subject ) you keep busy ? gene I have be ask to join a couple of board . dynex , procar . liam you go to do it ? gene I do not know , think of sit around a conference room slogging through revenue projection and quarterly earning report make I want to put a gun in my mouth . ( continued ) '' the company Men " shoot draft yellow 5/4/09 97 . 116 continued : 116 liam why do not you start a consulting firm . that 's what bo Collins ' dad do after he leave archer . he 's make a kill . gene yeah ? liam sure , there 's always somebody out there willing to pay a opinionate old bastard for some shitty advice . gene smile . liam hesitates , suddenly uncomfortable . then : liam ( cont no ) you surprised they close the shipyard ? gene what ? liam gloucester , see it on MSNBC this morning . the news hit gene hard but he do not want to let on . gene I have not hear . gene stare off , lose . then : gene ( cont have ) so what do you say , the vineyard in June ? ( and ) you mother will be okay with it . liam give he father a sideways look . after a beat : liam you two talk ? ( gene do not answer ) she 's have a pretty rough time . gene do not want to have this conversation , deflect . gene stonewall Beach ? liam I may be in San Diego by June . phifzer offer I manager of Strategic Planning . liam mean it as good news but he father 's concerned . ( conttnued ) 116 117 '' the company Men " shoot draft yellow 5/4/09 98 . continued : ( 2 ) 116 gene you have only be with merck for a year . liam Jim haskell 's a vp out there now , he 's ask I to join he team . gene you do not want to get a reputation for bounce around . the baby 's really fussing now , liam take he back . liam I be not '' bounce around " . gene this would be you third job since Yale . liam it 's a excellent opportunity . gene that 's not the point . liam time 's have change . loyalty 's out of fashion . you company be not look out for you , it 's every man for himself . ( then ) I will not ever have the job you have , dad . liam wander off to help child hunt egg . off gene -- CuT to : roxbury house - early morning 117 Bobby pull up in he use camry , tug on a bruin cap , boot now thoroughly scuff , jacket dirty and rip . carry the morning coffee run . join Jack unload gear from the truck . hand out dunkin ' donut coffee ; one for Jack , one for davey , one for -- bobby where 's Mike ? jack get bust again . Jack start for the front door , piss . Bobby turn to davey , lose in he usual haze of cigarette smoke . {conttnitrd y 117 118 119 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 99 . continued : 117 bobby what for ? davey * drunk and disorderly , assault , manage to take a swing at a cop , too . davey follow Jack into the house . Bobby 's stunne , * arrest ? Jack reappear in the doorway , surly . jack you still have that tool belt ? CUT to : third floor - morning 118 Bobby 's tool belt hang awkwardly from he hip as he nail furring strip onto stud around a fireplace . it 's tricky , the strip he 's already nail be crooked . the sound of nail gun somewhere else in the house . he 's work alone . Nails another one up . it split , ugly . pick up the next strip , fit it into place . Nails one end . move to the other end . shit , it 's a couple inch short of the stud . davey * Jesus ... davey 's in the door . lighting a new cigarette off the butt * of the last . Bobby 's embarrassed . bobby I think I mark it right . davey yank the strip off in one motion . * davey * you do not want Jack see that shit . measure it quickly . pull a pencil from behind he ear , write the length on the wall . measure it a second time . davey ( cont would ) * measure twice , cut once . jam he carpenter pencil behind Bobby 's ear , go . CuT to : third floor - afternoon 119 Bobby nail up the last strip . where he start still look bad , but the rest be okay . he step back , pleased . ( conttnited 1 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 100 . 119 continued : 119 jack you finally do ? Jack enter with davey , grimace , shake he head . * jack ( cont would ) Christ , that be ugly . start back out . Bobby call after he . bobby if we be shorthand , I know somebody who could use a job . jack hope he be not slower than you . Jack go . davey 's surveying Bobby 's work . nod , smile . * CUT to : 120 roxbury house - day 120 * the large pile of plywood , and ... Danny . hoist up piece of sheet , carry they over he head into the -- 121 roxbury house 121 * up the stair , head for the second floor . Jack , davey and * Bobby be out on the beam , nail - gun the plywood sheet in place . Jack sing along : jack it 's another tequila sunrise ... Bobby come gingerly across the beam to meet Danny and drag the plywood into place for davey to nail . * danny Jesus , he ever sing on key ? bobby nope. CUT to : 121a ext . STREET - day 121a * gene make he way down the street , look for something . * stop . head into -- * '' the company Men " shoot draft goldenrod 5/15/09 101 . 122 the elbow room - day gene wait for he eye to adjust to the interior gloom . phil 's at gene sit the bar . gene what be you do ? phil get drunk . next to he . gene I call over to outplacement , see if you want to have lunch . they say you have not be come in much lately . phil oh yeah ? gene couple of week now . phil no kid . ( and ) i_ drive out to gloucester yesterday . place be a fuck ghost town . phil drain he drink , motion for another . the bartender gaunter over . gene wave she off . gene why do not you let I drive you home ? phil can not go home . lorna do not want the neighbor to know I get fire so I can not show up until after six . make I haul my briefcase back and forth , too . they sit there for awhile . finally : phil ( cont would ) you see the Journal this morning ? list how much ceo make last year . know who be seventeenth on the list ? James salinger , gtx . twenty - two million in salary and bonuse . gene nod , he see it . then : 122 cconttnurn " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 102 . 122 continued : 122 gene want to go to the movie ? ( phil look up , what ? ) catch a matinee . they must still have matinee . get a bucket of popcorn , couple of that big coke . phil grin in spite of himself . * CUT to : 123 . bobby's parent ' kitchen - late afternoon 123 * Bobby 's mother Fran make dinner as carson set the table . Bobby enter through the back , lug he tool and thermos . carson hi , daddy . bobby hello , beautiful . he pick she up , swing she around . Fran 's grin at he . bobby ( cont would ) what be you smile about ? fran a man call today from Chicago . she find a message on the counter by the phone , hand it to he . Bobby stare at it as she continue . fran ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) a Fred munder . Said he be impressed by you resume , ask you to call . ( the clock ) it 's not quite five in Chicago . 124 bobby's old bedroom - late afternoon 124 * Bobby 's in the jamme closet , go through he clothes , pack a bag . maggie lean on the dresser behind he . bobby he 's a headhunter . maggie I think the job be in Boston ? she 's concerned , he know why . ( conttnurd ) 124 125 126 127 128 129 130 131 '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 103 . continued : 124 bobby it be . I will fly coach , stay at Motel 6 . they be look for a vp of sale with extensive experience in transportation marketing . that 's I . this be my job . CUT to : motel room - early morning 125 the bedside clock read " 4:19 " , but Bobby 's wide awake . look at it , frustrated . give up . swing out of bed . same - later 126 it 's still dark outside . Bobby 's do push-up . sit-up . bathroom 127 he shave carefully . the in - room coffee pot percolate beside he on the sink top . quietly , to himself , he chant : bobby i...will ...win. why ? I '1l show you why ... because I have ... faith...courage ... enthusiasm ... motel room 128 it 's finally light out . he 's in boxer , irone he white shirt . pull it on , start to tie he tie in the mirror . hesitates for a moment . remember how . smile . same - later still 129 he sit on the edge of the bed fully , impeccably , dress . wait , look at he watch . it 's still too early to leave . CUT to : michigan avenue 130 he walk down the crowded street on a bright spring day . look for a address . find it . stare up at the marble skyscraper rise fifty storey above he . smile , push he way through the brass and glass door . norvell , vander & munder - day 131 all polished teak and green granite . make he way to the attractive receptionist behind a impressive desk . {conttnoed '' " ~ the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 104 . 131 continued : 131 bobby Robert Walker to see fredrick munder . the receptionist look up . receptionist you have a appointment ? bobby yes , for ten . receptionist if you would like to have a seat , I will let he office know that you be here . Bobby nod . head for the wait area . orchid in a pot , soft butternut suede sofa , new Architectural digest and Wall Street journal on the coffee table . he sit , leaf nervously through a forbe . too anxious to really focus . nefeld Mr. Walker ...? a pleasant , middle - age woman in a nice suit , carry a book . she seem concerned , confuse . he stand . nefeld ( cont would ) I be Jane nefeld , Mr. munder 's assistant . you say you have a appointment ? bobby yes . at ten . nefeld I do not see it ... uh-oh . she open the large appointment book , check . bobby I make it with Mr. munder myself . she 's look , try . bobby ( cont would ) Friday at ten . we speak two day ago . nefeld oh my ... he have you down for next Friday . the seventeenth ... a beat . Bobby try to remain compose . bobby next Friday ? ( conttnued ) 131 132 133 '' the company Men " shoot draft pink 4/13/09 105 . continued : ( 2 ) 131 nefeld ( show he ) yes . at ten . there it be . ( smile ) can you come back next week ? bobby I fly in from Boston . nefeld oh , I be so sorry . bobby if he 's unavailable now , I can wait . or I could come back this afternoon . nefeld Mr. munder 's in Dallas on business , he will not be back until next Wednesday . michigan avenue - chicago 132 Bobby step back out onto the street . the sidewalk be busy with business man and woman , carry briefcase , talk on cell phone , check blackberry and iphone , rush for meeting and sale presentation . tower office building rise up around he . above the building , a deep blue sky , cloud drift past unnotice . Bobby stand there , the crowd parting , move around he , avoid . a man lose , surrender . he stand there defeat for a long beat . then reach for he tie , pull it off , and walk away . melting into the anonymous , crowded sidewalk of a city at work . CUT to : int . wilcox be hallway and live room - morning 133 wilcox come down the stair , heel strike wooden step as she descend . suit , briefcase tuck under one arm . step into the kitchen , slow at the sight of gene park at the table , read the newspaper . a mug of coffee wait for ( conttnued ) 133 134 134a '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 106 . continued : . 133 she on the kitchen counter . she take a beat , then turn , go . the front door close . off gene , never look back -- CUT to : omit ) 134 BU castle dine room - lunchtime 134a a beautiful panell room . High ceiling , white linen , 19th century portrait . phil wait at a table , nursing a drink . he 's be nursing it for a while . dysert sorry I be late . dysert , the man we meet at salinger 's banquet . dysert ( cont would ) get catch on a call . phil no problem , I get a drink . the waiter appear . dysert look good , I will have what he 's have . ( the waiter start off ) hang on . you know what you want ? ( do not wait for a answer ) I will have the cobb , no bacon . phil ah ... rib eye , medium -rare , with fries . dysert sorry to rush thing , I have get to be back for a staff meeting at one -thirty . phil smile thinly . guy show up late , have to leave early . phil how're thing at betcher ? dysert ah ... Germans 's be give we fit . you look great , you lose weight ? phil oh yeah , well , die my hair . and we realize , yeah . that 's it . okay ... ( conttnured '' * orf * * '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 106a . 134a continued : 134a dysert so how be you do ? phil Fine , send out a lot of resume . dysert you be lucky to be out of it . phil Word on the street be you be look for a foreign sale exec . dysert you have someone to recommend ? phil yeah , I . dysert stare at he , surprised . dysert it 's international , all travel . phil I have extensive overseas experience . dysert . I be sure you do . ‘( a beat ) you mind my ask how old be you , phil ? phil laugh , try to sound disarming . phil not worried I will sue ? dysert I would not hire . anyone over thirty for that job . it 's a killer . out of the country five out of every . six week . phil Travel 's not a problem . dysert why do not you cash it in ? shit , I would . go lie on a beach . phil I can not afford to go lie on a fuck beach . dysert size he up . a long beat . ( conttnurd ) +e ee * + oe of * " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 106b . 134a continued : ( 2 ) 134a dysert . I can not recommend you for the ' job . they would laugh I out of the office . ( a friend ) my father die at he desk , massive coronary , he be sixty - two . enjoy you life while you still can . CUT to : ( conttnurd } ee ee * " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 107 . 134a continued : ( 3 ) 134a 135 136 a doorbell 135 ring in the deep darkness of a late hour . a light click on in the hallway of -- wilcox be house - night 136 wilcox pull on she robe . make she way down the stair to the front door . the bell ring again , she peer through the glass side panel , perplex . open the door . wilcox lorna . ..? ' phil 's wife stand out in the cold , nearly hysterical . lorna be gene here ? cur to : '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 108. 137 a road ~ the middle of the night 137 gene 's drive , look , nursing a 7 - 11 coffee . take a right , pull along a desert side road . slow . ahead , a car be pull to the side of the road on a embankment . light off , engine run , driver 's side door open . phil 's hunt in the tall grass of the gravel shoulder . dishevel , coat lay in a heap on the car hood . gene walk toward he . phil rear back , throw the rock he just dig up in the direction of the glass office building at the other side of the expansive parking lot below . the gtx sign glow serenely from the upper corner of the top floor . a beat . the rock clatter harmlessly on the asphalt below , mile away from do any damage . gene lorna 's pretty worried about you , have you wrap around a tree somewhere . a pint bottle of chiva stand lonely sentinel on phil 's car hood . he find another rock , turn it over in he hand , weigh . rear back , fling it with a mighty grunt ... phil son of bitch ... his voice echoe in the small amphitheater form by the embankment as the rock skitter across the parking lot below . gene what be you do ? dig another rock out of the ground . releases it with a thunder grunt , slip in the gravel , almost fall . phil motherfucker ...! gene watch the rock sail away into the night . follow it 's arc with phil . closer , closer ... it hit the sidewalk in front of the building , scoot harmlessly into the bush . gene Tom brady could not hit that building from here on he best day . phil stare at the building , chest heaving with exertion . phil Sarah 's class be go to Italy . I write the check , I can not make the mortgage . ( conttnued y 137 138 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 109 . continued : gene watch he for a beat , then finally , carefully : gene I could -- phil shake he head , " no " . after another moment : phil you know the worst part ? ( a beat ) the world do not stop . the newspaper still come every morning , the automatic sprinkler go off at six . Jerry next door still wash he car every Sunday . ( then ) my life end and nobody notice . 137 CUT to : roxbury house - late afternoon Bobby 's hang lathe with a nail gun , move faster . row 138 * after row of nicely space lathe . Danny stick he head in . danny boss say it 's quit time . Bobby nail up the last furring strip . disconnect the pressure hose from the gun , shut the compressor down . gather he thermos , join Danny and davey on the stair . the hallway below they now drywall , plywood floor . bobby where 's Jack ? Danny point up as he start down the stair . danny still work . come on , I be buy . bobby it 's three - thirty , what 's he do ? davey sling he belt and a extension over he shoulder . davey be work late , try to make the completion deadline , get the bonus . bobby why do not he have we stay and help ? davey can not pay we . ( conttnited ) " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 110 . 138 continued : 138 bobby he could pay we out of the bonus . davey he need the bonus to break even . he underbid to get the job and keep we work through the winter . davey go . Bobby look above , the oldy radio and the wet whine of a circular see rip 2 x 6 . take a beat , then turn away , head for he car and home . CUT to : 139 suburban boston shopping CENTER - late afternoon 139 phil come out of a drugstore head for he car , pass the dunkin ' donut , mailbox etc. , 7 - 11 . stop . a sign in the papa gino 's window . " help want " . 140 papa gino be ~ late afternoon 140 it 's dark , slow . a teenager bus a dirty table . another one replenishes the salad bar . kid May I help you , sir ? a pimply kid behind the counter . phil I see the sign in the window . kid we pizza Lovers special ? phil ah , no . you help want sign . the kid look at he oddly . a beat . call back . kid Mr. lister ... a man appear from in back . clean cut , thirty , friendly . lister hi , can I help you ? phil I see you sign . I be look for a job . the man try not to show he shock . smile politely . ( conttnied V " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 111 . 140 continued : 140 lister it 's a delivery job . Night . phil you have a application I can fill out ? lister pause , not sure how to proceed . lister most of my driver be in high school , it only pay minimum wage . phil okay . lister Sir , you do not want this job . phil I have never have a ticket or a accident . lister I be sure you be a good driver . phil I have excellent reference . ( lister say nothing ) you will not let I deliver pizza ? lister no , sir . I will not . CUT to : 141 phil be kitchen - night 141 phil be at the sink , do the dish . methodically scrape food into the trash , run water over the plate before set they into the dishwasher . sarah daddy ? his daughter Sarah have appear beside he . she take a beat , then carefully : sarah ( cont would ) Mrs. Taylor stop I today . she say she have not get we check yet . phil scrap another dish into the trash , do not look at she . sarah ( cont would ) I do not have to go , dad . ( continued } 141 142 143 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 112 . continued : 141 phil there must have be some kind of mix - up , I will call the school in the morning . this conversation be heartbreaking for the both of they . sarah it 's okay , it 's not big deal . I know thing be kinda tight right now . she lean in , kiss he on the cheek , leave . phil drop he head . then turn off the water , step into the live room to follow she , but she 's already disappear upstairs . stop . see lorna 's on the sofa , pass out . tv on , a wine glass and half - ~empty bottle of merlot on the coffee table . he stare at she for a moment . walk back into the kitchen . go to the sink , take the trash out from underneath . phil' backyard - night 142 step out he back door with the bag of trash . stands on the porch . light a cigarette . a dog bark down the block . he take a deep , satisfy drag , set the butt on the porch railing . walk across the yard , head for the can beside the garage on the alley . open a lid , dump the trash in . look around . step to the garage 's side door , open it . step inside . we stay outside , drifting back into the yard . fluorescent light blink on inside . we watch he move inside , silhouett in the dirty glass of the window . a car pass in the alley . the cigarette he leave on the railing glow , it 's ash threaten to fall . bang ! a single shotgun blast from inside the garage as -- lorna 's eye blink open . what be that ? as a chorus of neighborhood dog begin to bark , we -~ cuUT to : cambridge memorial park - day 143 overlook the Charles and downtown Boston . the mourner walk away from a grave site , head for they car . lorna and Sarah at the front , comfort by family . trail she ; Bobby and maggie , gene and wilcox , Danny and conal , they wife . Diane , Lake , Jane , Carol . sunlight drift down through the spring tree . ( conttnurd 1 ) 143 144 vv 145 '' the company Men " shoot draft pink 4/13/09 113 . continued : 143 gene stop by he car . look across to find : Cynthia . watch he .. she take a beat . then climb into she c : he turn back to find Sally there , watch he blankly . then move off to greet she young contemporary . gene watch Cynthia 's car drive away , step over to Bobby . gene can maggie give Sally a ride home ? gloucester shipyard - afternoon 144 tower building of rusting steel and galvanize sheet metal . Silent crane rise hundred of foot into the clear wintery sky . mile of crack concrete pier jut out into the white - cap Atlantic . tankers and cargo ship . decommission destroyer and frigate . all bear silent witness to a thousand passage through exotic water . the ghost of sailor lose and the man who build this mighty ship whistle through the rusting rigging and the desert building . and inside the empty , cavernous -- MAIN assembly build 145 gene walk with Bobby . the ceiling a hundred foot above , the work floor fifty yard wide and e quarter of a mile long . the overhead crane and scaffold be silent , the sound of a thousand man riveting and welding now only distant echoe . gene - we use to make something here . before we get lose in the paperwork . the nevada be build here . the Montana . the center of the floor be a massive rollere V , stand ready for another launch that will never come . gene ( cont would ) we have a frigate up front once and a missile boat behind . phil start here , in hull assembly . he be a scrawny little bastard . fearless , he would hang upside down on a bosun 's chair seventy foot off the shop floor to weld a overhead seam , Christ . ( then ) two thousand man per shift , three shift ( more ) cconttnite y 145 146 " the company Men " shoot draft pink 4/13/09 114 . continued : 145 gene ( cont would ) aday . six thousand man earn a fair wage in this room , feed they family , buy home . make enough to send they kid to college and buy a second car , pigeon dart from beam to beam high above they . gene ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) Building something they could see . a ship you could see and smell and touch . Men khow they worth , know who they be . he step through the massive sea door and out into ~- the sunlight of the pier 146 the wind off the Atlantic rustle they hair , they tie . gene one day you be make fifty buck , then five thousand , then five million . gene stop at the edge of the water , look out to the sea . gene ( cont would ) you start with some crazy idea , take insane risk , make barely enough to feed you family , not a chance you be gonna succeed . then all of a sudden you have get all this thing and you be terrify of lose they . stock option , and company jet . vacation home in the Bahamas . a container ship blast it 's horn , far out in the bay , head to sea . gene watch it 's progress for a moment . gene ( cont would ) Truth be , I like the five hundred doliar lunch and thousand dollar hotel room . ( a eevecrni hi and now eve : ig I spend thirty year help to build for myself and everybody else be go . yy 147 148 '' the company Men '' shoot draft pink 4/13/09 115 . bobby's parent ' house ~ nigat 147 Bobby climb the stair in he clothes from the funeral . a tv be on somewhere below . ' the bedroom door be open , maggie inside at the desk she 's take over to use as she vanity . he stop in the open door , watch she evening ritual . she wear a old T-shirt of he , lie lotion to she bare leg . she see he in the mirror , smile softly . bobby I be sorry . maggie for what ? bobby for everything . for let you down . maggie you have not let I down . bobby sure I have . maggie you be never here before . ( then ) and now you be . bobby ( a beat / he start to go ) the dryer vent 's clogge again , I tell my Mom I would take a look . maggie he stop , she stand , walk to he , take he hand . maggie ( cont would ) it can wait . pull he into the room , close the door behind they as we -- CUT to : new gtx corporate headquarters entrance - morning 148 a chauffeure car pull into the entrance . salinger climb out of the back , start for the door . hello , Jim . ( conttnurd '' the company Men " shoot draft buff 5/28/09 116 . 148 continued : 148 gene 's wait by the main door . salinger stop . they stare at each other , unsure of what come next . salinger how have you be , gene ? gene kind of shitty . I be recently fire by my best friend . { salinger do not respond ) we miss you at the funeral . salinger I be sorry to hear about phil , how 's lorna hold up ? gene do not honor that with a answer , look off . then : gene we build something together here , Jim . with this people . it be not just you and it be not just I . it be all of we . salinger they get a paycheck every week , medical care if they get sick , disability if they get hurt . this be a business , not a charity . gene you make twenty - two million last year . this people have lose they home , they marriage , the respect of they child . salinger we do what the market require of we to survive ! cconttnied } 148 '' the company Men " shoot draft buff 5/28/09 117 . continued : ( 2 ) 148 gene look off , do not answer . after a beat : salinger ( cont would ) the board accept ally 's bid last night . thirty -nine billion at 97 a share . they have ask I to stay on for a few month to help with the transition . gene +.. I be sorry . gene mean it . but salinger refuse to accept he concern . salinger do not be , my share be worth six hundred million . gene ( after a moment ) congratulation . salinger how much be you share worth now ? twenty million ? thirty ? gene do not answer . salinger smile , start to go . salinger ( cont would ) I have to get to work . gene Jim , ( salinger stop ) we never work for the stockholder , we work for ourselves . we get fat and the people who trust we to look out for they get run over . they deserve better . salinger turn , disappear into the building . off gene , watch he go we ~- CUT to : 149 150 151 '' the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 118. ext . gene's house - day 149 gene turn the aston into the drive that lead to he house . * the garage door open to reveal Cynthia 's mercede , the varnish concrete floor , and he empty parking spot . he hesitates , then slowly pull the aston into the garage . * ext . gene's house - day 150 he walk to the door . start to slip he key into the lock . stop . hesitates . turn to go . * Cynthia open the door . stands there , silent . he do not * know what to say . she consider he for a agonizing beat . then open the door wider to let he in . as he disappear inside , off Cynthia -- cut to : the walker' backyard - day 151 Bobby and Drew be up in a tree , carson on the ground , * play . they be hammer old board , nail . Building a tree house in the branch . bobby hold it there . he pound the nail in a couple of inch , leave some head . bobby ( cont would ) you sink it . do not choke up on the handle , you will get a better swing . Drew smashes it in the rest of the way . bobby ( cont would ) we lay another 2 x4 across there and we will be ready to drop in the floor . maggie Bobby ...? maggie 's down on the ground , shield she eye against the sun to look up into the tree . maggie ( cont would ) you have get a call . a Frederick munder 's office from Chicago ? Bobby stare down from the tree . do not move . ( conttnired y 151 152 153 154 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 119 . continued : 151 maggie ( cont would ) she say it be important . Bobby hand Drew he hammer , drop down onto the 2x4 nail into the tree trunk for a ladder , bobby nail in some more sixteen sinker . jump down to the lawn beside maggie . look to the house but do not move . maggie well , go on . they be wait . he walk at first , then jog across the yard . bound up the stair to the porch and disappear inside . off maggie we -- CUT to : roxbury house - day 152 Bobby pull he car into the muddy yard , there 's tar paper down on the roof , stack of shingles wait in the dirt . Bobby climb out , swing he tool belt over he shoulder . roxbury house entrance hallway 153 Bobby enter , carry a couple of coffee . Rough electric 's in , trim . Bobby stop , listen , a nail gun echo upstairs . the roof 154 Jack 's lay down roofing shingles , allman Brothers on low on the radio . Bobby appear at the top of the ladder , climb up onto the roof with the two coffee . bobby work Sunday now ? Jack stop , turn . caught . Bobby offer he a coffee . bobby ( cont would ) diedre say you have be out here every weekend . how much money you lose ? jack a bit . bobby because of I ? ( cont tnued '' '' the company Men " shoot draft pink 4/13/09 120 . 154 continued : 154 jack sometimes I be up , sometimes I be down . it all work out in the end . this guy still be not friend and never will be , but there 's now a grow respect . bobby a guy call I today , offer I a job . jack yeah ? decent pay ? bobby eighty a year . jack thousand ? Jack shake he head , pick up he skill see to cut . bobby it 's about half what I use to make . jack the world 's a fuck - up place . Bobby watch as Jack rip the see through a board loudly , bobby actually , I be think maybe I would keep work for you . ( Jack stare at he ) I use to be afraid all the time , you know ? the quarterly sale report , the young guy come up . afraid I be go to lose a account or somebody be go to get ahead of I . jack can I be honest with you , Bobby ? take the job , you be a terrible carpenter . Bobby laugh , he 's not hurt . danny . Christ , can not they make this damn thing any lighter ? Danny 's appear at the top of the ladder , wrestle a bundle of shingles up onto the roof with a thud . Jack stare at Bobby . Danny climb up onto the roof , straighten he back . nconttnied '' the company Men " shoot draft Green 5/7/09 121 . 154 conpinued : ( 2 ) _ 184 : jack ' I can not pay you for work today . wind rustle Bobby 's hair , he take '' deep breath , smile . i'11 get start on the flash . pull on he tool belt . Danny start back for the ladder . danny i.sewhll ... win . why ? I '1l show you why ! jeck look at he like he 's insane . Bobby join int '' danwy / bobby because I have faith ! courage ! enthusiasm ...! : _ and | 's . Jack pick up he nail go back to week beside sebo . off the man , work side 's by side : cur to : 155 ext .. new office downtow ! - day 155 wilcox make she way down the street of old brick warehouse , recently renovate . enter -- a office . Old , brick wall and wood beam . Furniture we recognize from gtx , some of gene 's maritime model . find gene unpack . Karen , he old secretary , be with hin . wilcox " mcclary maritime associate " ? be watch she warily . surprise to see she . . yeah , no associate yet , but what the hell , it sound better . karen . the fax be from the dark age . I will stop by staples tomorrow , get a new one . Karen brushes past wilcox , glaring at she as she go . it be not subtle . wilcox let 's it 3 . '' wilcox Nice office . loorittrtrd V ' *** + ee a '' the company Men " shoot draft Green 5/7/09.122. 158 continued : . / / 185 : : it 's not much , but if I can cover the overhead the firet year , I '11 be happy . wilcox I run into Ben Wilson , say you be out look for investor . . gene a tew . , wilcox and ? . : gene : I be think about make ea bid for gloucester . , hl k she ise ) {t to mas ! 's try ? ure : gene . ally doas not want it . we have get the kill labor , we renegotiate with the union , start small , age if we can grow . there 's still a business . there . tha choose not to angege sbout the shiprente , then : wilcox you have las for 1unoh Tuesday ? she 's suddenly vulnerable , still not lock at he . he take @ moment , then gently : ; gene . Cynthia and I will be out at the cape . she nod , smile softly to herself . then : wilcok I sit in room and discuss how to destroy thousand of life , I tell myself I could do more on the inside , - give a few job here and there . that if I do not do it , somebody else would , be waccne she . do not say anything . she do not really expect he to + take a final look around as she go . a comptietrd eteee ee ee * '' the company Men " shoot draft , Green 5/7/09122a. 155 . continued : ( 2 ) 155 wilcox . ( cont would ) keep I in mind as a possible associate . TI think I may be 1 for a job . cur to : 156 bobby's parent ' house and alley ~ lat aptsrnoom 156 Bobby park in the alley beside the garage . climb out with he tool , tired , dirty . Drew 's ghost | in the alley , work on he jumper on Bobby 's old . rusted rim nail up over the garage . make one . Bobby applaud . drew you want to play ? bobby . gotta make a call . maybe later , okay ? Drew nod , not surprised , turn back to he game . Bobby take a few step toward the gate , then stop . turn back , ( comttntirdn 156 " the company Men " shoot draft 3/30/09 123 . continued : 156 watch Drew dribble , take another shot . look to the house again , then drop he tool . clap for the ball . bobby ( cont would ) pass it in . Drew look up , what ? his father clap again . Drew pass he the ball . Bobby dribble , put a move on he son , but the kid pick it up , defend . Bobby fake leave , go right hard , knock Drew backwards onto he ass on the asphalt . take the lay-up . recover the ball . Drew stare up at he dad . shit. but Bobby offer no apology , extend a hand to he still startle son . bobby ( cont would ) first one to eleven ? Drew do not take the offer hand . stands on he own , ready to rumble . Bobby grin , pop the ball to a determine Drew . we pull slowly away as Drew come at he father hard , one way , then the other . no mercy . Bobby laugh , Drew scoot around he fast in the fade afternoon light of the alley , stop short . Bobby fall for it , Drew take the open jumper . Drew grin as the ball fall in and we -- slowly fade to black : the end