the apartment script by billy wilder & i.a.l. diamond < !-- if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href / / --> the apartment by billy wilder and i.a.l. diamond the apartment a desk computer a man 's hand be punch out a series of figure on the keyboard . bud ( v.o . ) on November first , 1959 , the population of New York City be 8,042,783 . if you laid all this people end to end , figure a average height of five foot six and a half inch , they would reach from Times Square to the outskirt of Karachi , Pakistan . I know fact like this because I work for a insurance company -- the insurance build - a wet , fall day it 's a big mother , cover a square block in lower Manhattan , all glass and aluminum , jutting into the leaden sky . bud ( v.o . ) -- consolidate life of New York . we be one of the top five company in the country -- last year we write nine-point - three billion dollar worth of policy . we home office have 31,259 employee -- which be more than the entire population of natchez , Mississippi , of Gallup , New Mexico . int . nineteenth floor acre of gray steel desk , gray steel filing cabinet , and steel - gray face under indirect light . one wall be line with glass - enclose cubicle for the supervisory personnel . it be all very neat , antiseptic , impersonal . the only human tough be supply by a bank of IBM machine , clack away cheerfully in the background . bud ( v.o . ) I work on the nineteenth floor -- ordinary policy Department - premium account division - section W -- desk number 861 . desk 861 like every other desk , it have a small name plate attach to the side . this one read C.C. baxter . bud ( v.o . ) my name be C.C. baxter - c. for calvin , c. for clifford -- however , most people call I Bud . I have be with consolidate life for three year and ten month . I start in the branch office in Cincinnati , then transfer to New York . my take - home pay be $ 94.70 a week , and there be the usual fringe benefit . baxter be about thirty , serious , hard - work , unobtrusive . he wear a brook Brothers type suit , which he buy somewhere on seventh Avenue , upstairs . there be a stack of perforate premium card in front of he , and he be total they on the computing machine . he look off . electric wall clock it show 5:19 . with a click , the minute hand jump to 5:20 , and a pierce bell go off . bud ( v.o . ) the hour in we department be 8:50 to 5:20 -- full shot - office instantly all work stop . paper be be put away , typewriter and computing machine be cover , and everybody start clear out . within ten second , the place be empty -- except for Bud baxter , still bent over he work , maroon in a sea of abandon desk . bud ( v.o . ) -- they be staggered by floor , so that sixteen elevator can handle the 31,259 employee without a serious traffic jam . as for myself , I very often stay on at the office and work for a extra hour or two -- especially when the weather be bad . it 's not that I be overly ambitious -- it 's just a way of kill time , until it 's all right for I to go home . you see , I have this little problem with my apartment -- dissolve to : STREET in the west sixties - evening Bud , wear a weather - beat ivy League raincoat and a narrow - brimm brown hat , come walk slowly down the street skirt the puddle on the sidewalk . he stop in front of a convert brownstone , look up . bud ( v.o . ) I live in the West sixty - just half a block from Central Park . my rent be $ 84 a month . it use to be eighty until last July when Mrs. lieberman , the landlady , put in a second - hand air conditioning unit . the window on the second floor be light , but the shade be draw . from inside drift the sound of cha cha music . bud ( v.o . ) it 's a real nice apartment - nothing fancy -- but kind of cozy -- just right for a bachelor . the only problem be - I can not always get in when I want to . int . the apartment - evening what use to be the upstairs parlor of a one - family house in the early 1900 's have be chop up into live room , bedroom , bathroom and kitchen . the wallpaper be fade , the carpet be threadbare , and the upholster furniture could stand shampooing . there be lot of book , a record player , stack of record , a television set ( 21 inch and 24 payment ) , unframe print from the Museum of modern Art ( Picasso , Braque , klee ) tack up on the wall . only one lamp be light , for mood , and a cha cha record be spin around on the phonograph . on the coffee table in front of the couch be a couple of cocktail glass , a pitcher with some martini dregs , a almost empty bottle of vodka , a soup bowl with a few melting ice cube at the bottom , some potato chip , a ashtray fill with cigar stub and lipstick - stain cigarette butt , and a woman 's handbag . mr . kirkeby , a dapper , middle - age man , stand in front of the mirror above the fake fireplace , buttone up he vest . he do not notice that the button be out of alignment . kirkeby ( call off ) come on , sylvia . it 's get late . sylvia , a first baseman of a dame , redhead and saftig , come cha cha-ing into the room , try to fasten a necklace as she hum along with the music . she dance amorously up to kirkeby . kirkeby cut it out , sylvia . we get to get out of here . he help she with the necklace , then turn off the phonograph . sylvia what 's the panic ? I be go to have another martooni . she cross to the coffee table , start to pour the remnant of the vodka into the pitcher . kirkeby please , sylvia ! it 's a quarter to nine ! sylvia ( drop sliver of ice into the pitcher ) first you can not wait to get I up here , and now -- rush , rush , rush ! make a person feel cheap . kirkeby sylvia -- sweetie -- it 's not that -- but I promise the guy I would be out of here by eight o'clock , positively . sylvia ( pour martini ) what guy ? whose apartment be this , anyway ? kirkeby ( exasperate ) what 's the difference ? some schnook that work in the office . ext . brownstone house - evening Bud be pace back and forth , throw a occasional glance at the light window of he apartment . a middle - age woman with a dog on a leash approach along the sidewalk . she be mrs . lieberman , the dog be a scottie , and they be both wear raincoat . see they , Bud lean casually against the stoop . mrs . lieberman good evening , Mr. baxter . bud good evening , Mrs. lieberman . mrs . lieberman some weather we be have . must be from all the meshugass at cape canaveral . ( she be half - way up the step ) you lock out of you apartment ? bud no , no . just wait for a friend . good night , Mrs. lieberman . mrs . lieberman good night , Mr. baxter . she and the scottie disappear into the house . Bud resume pace , he eye on the apartment window . suddenly he stop -- the light have go out . int . second floor landing - evening kirkeby , in coat and hat , stand in the open doorway of the darken apartment . kirkeby come on -- come on , sylvia ! sylvia come cha cha-ing out , wear a imitation Persian lamb coat , she hat askew on she head , bag , glove , and a umbrella in she hand . sylvia some setup you get here . a real , honest - to- goodness love nest . kirkeby sssssh . he lock the door , slip the key under the doormat . sylvia ( still cha cha - ing ) you be one button off , Mr. kirkeby . she point to he expose vest . kirkeby look down , see that the button be out of line . he start to rebutton they as they move down the narrow , dimly - light stair . sylvia you get to watch that thing . wive be get smarter all the time . take Mr. bernheim -- in the claim Department -- come home one night with lipstick on he shirt -- tell he wife he have a shrimp cocktail for lunch -- so she take it out to the lab and have it analyze -- so now she have the house in great neck and the child and the new jaguar -- kirkeby do not you ever stop talk ? ext . brownstone house - evening Bud , stand on the sidewalk , see the front door start to open . he move quickly into the areaway , almost bump into the ashcan , stand in the shadow of the stoop with he back turn discreetly toward kirkeby and sylvia as they come down the step . kirkeby where do you live ? sylvia I tell you -- with my mother . kirkeby where do she live ? sylvia a hundred and seventy - ninth street -- the bronx . kirkeby all right -- I will take you to the subway . sylvia like hell you will . you will buy I a cab . kirkeby why do all you dame have to live in the bronx ? sylvia you mean you bring other girl up here ? kirkeby certainly not . I be a happily marry man . they move down the street . Bud appear from the areaway , glance after they , then mount the step , go through the front door . int . vestibule - evening there be eight mailbox . Bud open he , take out a magazine in a paper wrapper and a few letter , proceed up the staircase . int . second floor landing - evening Bud , glance through he mail , come up to the door of he apartment . as he bend down to lift the doormat , the door of the rear apartment open and mrs . dreyfuss , a jovial well - feed middle - age woman , put out a receptacle full of old papers and empty can . Bud look around from he bent position . bud oh. hello there , Mrs. dreyfuss . mrs . dreyfuss something the matter ? bud I seem to have drop my key . ( fake a little search ) oh -- here it be . he slide it out from under the mat , straighten up . mrs . dreyfuss such a racket I hear in you place -- maybe you have burglar . bud oh , you do not have to worry about that -- nothing in there that anybody would want to steal ... ( unlock door quickly ) good night , Mrs. dreyfuss . he duck into the apartment . int . the apartment - evening Bud snap on the light , drop the mail and the key on a small table , look around with distaste at the mess he visitor have leave behind . he sniff the stale air , cross to the window , pull up the shade , open it wide . now he take off he hat and raincoat , gather up the remain of the cocktail party from the coffee table . load down with glass , pitcher , empty vodka bottle , ice bowl and potato chip , he start toward the kitchen . the doorbell ring . Bud stop , undecided what to do with the stuff in he hand , then cross to the hall door , barely manage to get it open . Mr. kirkeby barge in past he . kirkeby the little lady forget she galoshes . he scour the room for the miss galoshes . bud Mr. kirkeby , I do not like to complain -- but you be suppose to be out of here by eight . kirkeby I know , buddy - boy , I know . but that thing do not always run on schedule -- like a Greyhound bus . bud I do not mind in the summer -- but on a rainy night -- and I have not have any dinner yet -- kirkeby sure , sure . look , kid -- I put in a good word for you with sheldrake , in personnel . bud ( perk up ) Mr. sheldrake ? kirkeby that 's right . we be discuss we department -- manpower - wise -- and promotion - wise -- ( find the galoshes behind a chair ) -- and I tell he what a bright boy you be . they be always on the lookout for young executive . bud thank you , Mr. kirkeby . kirkeby ( start toward door ) you be on you way up , buddy -boy . and you be practically out of liquor . bud I know . Mr. eichelberger -- in the mortgage loan Department -- last night he have a little Halloween party here -- kirkeby well , lay in some vodka and some vermouth -- and put my name on it . bud yes , Mr. kirkeby . you still owe I for the last two bottle -- kirkeby I will pay you on Friday . ( in the open doorw ay ) and whatever happen to that little cheese cracker you use to have around ? he exit , shutting the door . bud ( make a mental note ) cheese cracker . he carry he load into the kitchen . the kitchen be minute and cluttere . on the drainboard be a empty vermouth bottle , some ice- cube trays , a jar with one olive in it , and a crumpled potato-chip bag . Bud come in , dump he load on the drainboard , open the old -fashion refrigerator . he take out a freeze chicken dinner , turn the oven on , light it with a match , rip the protective paper off the aluminum tray and shove it in . now he start to clean up the mess on the drainboard . he rinse the cocktail glass , be about to empty the martini pitcher into the sink , think better of it . he pour the content into a glass , plop the lone olive out of the jar , scoops up the last handful of potato chip , toast a imaginary companion , and drink up . then he pull a wastebasket from under the sink . it be brimful of liquor bottle , and Bud add the empty vodka and vermouth bottle and the olive jar . pick up the heavy receptacle , he carry it through the live room toward the hall door . int . second floor landing - evening the door of Bud 's apartment open , and Bud come out with the wastebasket full of empty bottle . just then , dr . david dreyfuss , whose wife we meet earlier , come trudging up the stair . he be a tall , heavy - set man of fifty , with a bushy mustache , wear a bulky overcoat and carry a age medical bag . dr . dreyfuss good evening , baxter . bud hi , doc. have a late call ? dr . dreyfuss yeah . some clown at schrafft 's 57th Street eat a club sandwich , and forget to take out the toothpick . bud oh. ( set down wastebasket ) ' bye , Doc . dr . dreyfuss ( indicate bottle ) say , baxter -- the way you be belting that stuff , you must have a pair of cast- iron kidney . bud oh , that 's not I . it 's just that once in a while , I have some people in for a drink . dr . dreyfuss as a matter of fact , you must be a iron man all around . from what I hear through the wall , you get something go for you every night . bud I be sorry if it get noisy -- dr . dreyfuss sometimes , there 's a twi-night double-header . ( shaking he head ) a nebbish like you ! bud ( uncomfortable ) yeah . well -- see you , doc. ( start to back through door ) dr . dreyfuss you know , baxter -- I be do some research at the Columbia Medical Center -- and I wonder if you could do we a favor ? bud I ? dr . dreyfuss when you make out you will -- and the way you be go , you should -- would you mind leave you body to the University ? bud my body ? I be afraid you guy would be disappointed . good night , doc. dr . dreyfuss slow down , kid . he start into the rear apartment as Bud close the door . int . the apartment - evening Bud , loosen he tie , go into the kitchen , open the oven , turn off the gas . he take a coke out of the refrigerator , uncap it , get a knife and fork from a drawer , and use he handkerchief as a potholder , pull the hot aluminum tray out of the oven . he carry everything out into the live room . in the live room , Bud set he dinner down on the coffee table , settles himself on the couch . he rear up as something stab he , reach under he buttock , pull out a hairpin . he drop it into a ashtray , tackle he dinner . without even look , he reach over to the end table and press the remote tv station - selector . he take a sip from the coke bottle , he eye on the tv screen across the room . the picture on the tv set jell quickly . against a background of crisscross searchlight , a pompous announcer be make he spiel . announcer -- from the world 's great library of film classic , we proudly present -- ( fanfare ) greta garbo -- John barrymore -- Joan Crawford -- wallace beery -- and lionel barrymore in -- ( fanfare ) grand HOTEL ! there be a extend fanfare . Bud lean forward , chew excitedly on a chicken leg . announcer but first , a word from we sponsor . if you smoke the modern way , do not be fool by phony filter claim -- Bud , still eat , automatically reach for the station - selector , push the button . a new channel pop on . it feature a western -- cockamamie Indians be attack a stagecoach . that 's not for Bud . he switch to another station . in a frontier saloon , gower Street cowboy be dismantle the furniture and each other . Bud wearily change channel . but he can not get away from western -- on this station , the U.S. cavalry be riding to the rescue . will they get there in time ? Bud do not wait to find out . he switch channel again , and be back where he start . on the screen , once more , be the announcer stand in front of the crisscross searchlight . announcer and now , Grand Hotel -- star greta garbo , John barrymore , Joan Crawford -- ( Bud be all eye and ear again ) -- wallace beery , and lionel barrymore . but first -- a word from we alternate sponsor . ( unctuously ) Friends , do you have wobbly denture -- ? that do it . Bud turn the set off in disgust . the tv screen black out , except for a small pinpoint of light in the center , which gradually fade away . in the bathroom , Bud , in pajamas by now , be brush he tooth . from the shower rod hang three pair of sock on stretcher . Bud take a vial from the medicine shelf , shake out a sleep pill , wash it down with a glass of water . he turn the light off , walk into the bedroom . in the bedroom , the single bed be make , and the lamp on the night table be on . Bud plug in the electric blanket , turn the dial on . then he climb into bed , prop up the pillow behind he . from the night table , he pick up the magazine that arrive in the mail , slide it out of the wrapper , open it . it 's the new issue of playboy . Bud leaf through it till he come to the piece de resistance of the magazine . he unfold the overleaf , glance at it casually , refold it , then turn to the back of the magazine and start to read . what he be so avidly interested in be the man 's fashion section . there be a layout title what the young executive will wear with a sub-head read the bowler be back . illustrate the article be several photograph of male model wear various style of bowler . Bud be definitely in the market for a bowler , but somehow he mind start wander . he turn back to the overleaf again , unfold it , study it , then hold the magazine up vertically to get a different perspective on the subject . by now the sleep pill be beginning to take effect , and he yawn . he drop the magazine on the floor , kill the light , settles down to sleep . the room be dark except for the glow from the dial of the electric blanket . Three second . then the phone jangle shrilly in the live room . Bud stumble groggily out of bed , and put on he slipper , make he way into the live room . he switch on the light , pick up the phone . bud hello ? -- hello ? -- yes , this be baxter . int . phone booth in a manhattan bar - night on the night be a hearty man of about forty - five , nothing gut personality , most of it obnoxious . his name be dobisch . outside the booth be a blonde babe , slightly booz , and beyond there be a suggestion of the pack , smoky joint . dobisch hiya , buddy -boy . I be in this bar on sixty -first Street -- and I get to think about you -- and I figure I would give you a little buzz . bud - on phone bud well , that 's very nice of you -- but who be this ? int . phone booth dobisch dobisch -- Joe dobisch , in administration . bud - on phone bud ( snap to attention ) oh , yes , Mr. dobisch . I do not recognize you voice -- int . phone booth dobisch that 's okay , buddy -boy . now like I be say , I be in this joint on sixty -first -- and I think I get lucky -- ( glance toward blonde ) -- she 's a skater with the Ice show -- ( he chuckle ) -- and I think maybe I could bring she up for a quiet drink . bud - on phone bud I be sorry , Mr. dobisch . you know I like to help you guy out -- but it 's sort of late -- so why do not we make it some other time ? int . phone booth dobisch buddy -boy -- she will not keep that long -- not even on ice . listen , kid , I can not pass this up -- she look like Marilyn Monroe . bud - on phone bud I do not care if it be Marilyn Monroe -- I be already in bed -- and I have take a sleep pill -- so I be afraid the answer be no . int . phone booth dobisch ( pull rank ) look , baxter -- we be make out the monthly efficiency rating -- and I be put you in the top ten . now you do not want to louse yourself up , do you ? bud - on phone bud of course not . but -- how can I be efficient in the office if I do not get enough sleep at night ? int . phone booth dobisch it 's only eleven -- and I just want the place for forty - five minute . the blonde open the door of the phone booth , lean in . blonde I be get lonely . who be you talk to , anyway ? dobisch my mother . blonde that 's sweet . that 's real sweet . dobisch shut the door in she face . dobisch ( into phone again ) make it thirty minute . what do you say , Bud ? bud - on phone bud ( a last stand ) I be all out of liquor -- and there 's no clean glass -- no cheese cracker -- no nothing . int . phone booth dobisch let I worry about that . just leave the key under the mat and clear out . int . the apartment bud ( into phone ; resign ) yes , Mr. dobisch . he hang up , shuffles back into the bedroom . bud ( mutter to himself ) anything you say , Mr. dobisch -- no trouble at all , Mr. dobisch -- be my guest -- he reappear from the bedroom , pull he trousers on over he pajama pants . bud -- we never close at buddy -boy 's -- look like Marilyn Monroe -- ( he chuckle a la dobisch ) put on he raincoat and hat , Bud open the hall door , take the key from the table , shove it under the doormat . his eye fall on the dreyfuss apartment , and there be some concern on he face . he pick up a pad and pencil from the table , print something in block letter . tearing off the top sheet , he impale it on the spindle of the phonograph , then walk out , close the door behind he . the note read : not too loud the neighbor be complaining ext . brownstone house - night Bud come out the door , in slipper foot , pants and raincoat over he pajamas . as he sleep - walk down the step , a cab pull up in front of the house . Bud duck discreetly into the areaway . Mr. dobisch , barehead , emerge cautiously from the cab . between the finger of he hand he be carry four long - stem glass , brimful of stinger . the blonde step out , hold he hat . blonde this the place ? dobisch yeah . ( to cab driver ) how much ? cabbie seventy cent . dobisch , he hand full of stinger , turn to the blonde , indicate he pants pocket . dobisch get the money , will you ? the blonde plant the hat on top of he head , unbutton he overcoat , reach into he pants pocket . as she do so , she jog he elbow . dobisch watch that stinger ! the blonde have take out dobisch 's money clip , with about a hundred dollar in it . dobisch give he a buck . the blonde peel a bill off , hand it to the cabbie , hang on to the rest of the roll just a second too long . dobisch now put it back , honey . ( she do ) Atta girl . the cab drive off . dobisch and the blonde start up the step to the house . blonde you sure this be a good idea ? dobisch can not think of a better one . blonde ( hold door open for he ) I mean - barging in on you mother -- in the middle of the night ? dobisch ( edging past she with stinger ) do not worry about the old lady . one squawk from she , and she 's out of a job . in the areaway , Bud have overhear they , and it do not make he any happier . he step out on the sidewalk , shuffles down the street . int . second floor landing - night the blonde and dobisch , he hand full of stinger , come up to Bud 's door . dobisch get the key , will you . automatically , she reach into he pocket . dobisch not there . under the mat . blonde ( puzzle ) under the mat ? ( pick up key ) dobisch ( impatiently ) open up , open up -- we have not get all night . the blonde unlock the door to the apartment , open it . blonde ( suspiciously ) so this be you mother 's apartment ? dobisch that 's right . Maria ouspenskaya. blonde ( stick she head in ) hiya , ouspenskaya . dobisch nudge she inside with he knee , kick the door shut behind he . the landing be empty for a second . then the door of the rear apartment open , and Dr. dreyfuss , in a beat bathrobe , set out a couple of empty milk bottle with a note in they . suddenly , from Bud 's apartment , come a shrill female giggle . Dr. dreyfuss react . then the cha cha music start full blast . dr . dreyfuss ( call to he wife , off - screen ) mild -- he 's at it again . shake he head , he close the door . ext . central park - night Bud , in raincoat and slipper foot , turn in off the street , plod along a path in the desert park . he stop at a damp bench under a lamp post , sit . in the background , light shine from the tower building on Central Park South . Bud huddle inside he raincoat , shiver . he be very sleepy by now . his eye close and he head droops . a gust of wind send wet leave swirl across the bench . Bud do not stir . he be all in . fade out . fade in : int . lobby insurance build - day it 's a quarter to nine of a gray November morning , and work - bound employee be pile in through the door . among they be Bud , bundle up in a raincoat , hat , heavy muffler and wool glove , and carry a box of kleenex . he cough , pull out a tissue , wipe he drip nose . he have a bad cold . the lobby be a impose , marble affair , as befit a company which last year write 9.3 billion dollar worth of insurance . there be sixteen elevator , eight of they mark local - floors 1 - 18 , and opposite they eight mark express - floors 18-37 . the starter , a uniform valkyrie wield a clicker , be direct the flow of traffic into the various elevator . Bud join the crowd in front of one of the express elevator . also stand there be Mr. kirkeby , read the Herald - tribune . bud ( hoarsely ) good morning , Mr. kirkeby . kirkeby ( as if he just know he vaguely ) oh , how be you , baxter . they keep you busy this day ? bud yes , sir . they be indeed . ( he sniff ) the elevator door open , revealing the operator . she be in she middle twenty and she name be fran kubelik . maybe it 's the way she 's put together , maybe it 's she face , or maybe it 's just the uniform -- in any case , there be something very appeal about she . she be also a individualist -- she wear a carnation in she lapel , which be strictly against regulation . as the elevator load , she greet the passenger cheerfully . fran ( rattling it off ) Morning , Mr. kessel -- Morning , miss Robinson -- Morning , Mr. kirkeby -- Morning , Mr. Williams -- Morning , miss Livingston -- Morning , Mr. mckellway -- Morning , Mr. pirelli -- Morning , Mrs. schubert -- intersperse be a occasional " Morning , miss kubelik " from the passenger . fran Morning , Mr. baxter . bud Morning , miss kubelik . he take he hat off -- he be the only one . the express be now load . starter ( work the clicker ) that 's all . take it away . fran ( shutting the door ) watch the door , please . blast off . int . elevator Bud be stand right next to Fran as the pack express shoot up . bud ( study she ) what do you do to you hair ? fran it be make I nervous , so I chop it off . Big mistake , huh ? bud I sort of like it . he sniff , take out a kleenex , wipe he nose . fran say , you get a lulu . bud yeah . I better not get too close . fran oh , I never catch cold . bud really ? I be look at some figure from the sickness and Accident claim division -- do you know that the average New Yorker between the age of twenty and fifty have two and a half cold a year ? fran that make I feel just terrible . bud why ? fran well , to make the figure come out even -- since I have no cold a year -- some poor slob must have five cold a year . bud that 's I . ( dab he nose ) fran you should have stay in bed this morning . bud I should have stay in bed last night . the elevator have slowed down , now stop . Fran open the door . fran nineteen . watch you step . about a third of the passenger get out , include Bud and Mr. kirkeby . as kirkeby pass Fran , he slap she behind with he fold newspaper . Fran jump slightly . fran ( all in the day 's work ) and watch you hand , Mr. kirkeby ! kirkeby ( innocently ) I beg you pardon ? fran one of this day I be go to shut that door on you and -- she withdraw she hand into the sleeve of she uniform , and wave the " amputate " arm at he . fran twenty next . the door close . int . nineteenth floor - day kirkeby turn away from the elevator , and grin smugly , fall in beside Bud . kirkeby that kubelik -- boy ! would I like to get she on a slow elevator to China . bud oh , yes . she 's the best operator in the building . kirkeby I be a pretty good operator myself -- but she just will not give I a tumble -- date -wise . bud maybe you be use the wrong approach . kirkeby a lot of guy around here have try it -- all kind of approach -- no dice . what be she try to prove ? bud could be she 's just a nice , respectable girl -- there be million of they . kirkeby listen to he . Little Lord fauntleroy ! leave Bud at the employee ' coat-rack , kirkeby head toward he office , one of the glass - enclose cubicle . Bud hang up he hat and raincoat , stow away the glove and muffler . out of he coat pocket he take a plastic anti- histamine sprayer and a box of cough drop , and still carry the kleenex , thread he way to he desk . most of the desk be already occupy , and the other be fill rapidly . once seat at he desk , Bud arrange he medicament neatly in front of he . he take a kleenex out of the box , blow he nose , then lean back in he swivel chair spray first one nostril , then the other . suddenly the pierce bell go off -- the workday have begin . be the ultra-conscientious type , Bud instantly sit upright in he chair , remove the cover from he computing machine , pick up a batch of perforate premium card , start enter figure on he computer . after a few second , he glance around to make sure that everybody in the vicinity be busy . then he look up a number in the company telephone directory , dial furtively . bud ( cupping hand over phone mouthpiece ) hello , Mr. dobisch ? this be baxter , on the nineteenth floor . int . dobischas office - day it be a glass - enclose cubicle on the twenty - first floor . through the glass we see another enormous layout of desk , everybody work away . dobisch be hold the phone in one hand , run a electric shaver over he face with the other . dobisch oh , buddy -boy . I be just about to call you . ( shut off electric shaver ) I be sorry about that mess on the live room wall . you see , my little friend , she keep insist Picasso be a bum -- so she start to do that mural -- but I be sure it will wash off -- just eyebrow pencil . bud - on phone bud it 's not Picasso I be call about . it 's the key -- to my apartment -- you be suppose to leave it under the mat . dobisch - on phone dobisch I do , do not I ? I distinctly remember bend over and put it there -- bud - on phone bud oh , I find a key there , all right -- only it 's the wrong key . dobisch - on phone dobisch it be ? ( take Bud 's key out of he pocket ) well , how about that ? no wonder I could not get into the executive washroom this morning . bud - on phone bud and I could not get into my apartment -- so at four a. marry I have to wake up the landlady and give she a whole song and dance about go out to mail a letter and the door slamm shut . dobisch - on phone dobisch that 's a shame . I will send the key right down . and about you promotion -- ( leaf through report on desk ) -- I be send that efficiency report right up to Mr. sheldrake , in personnel . I would not be surprised if you hear from he before the day be over . bud - on phone bud thank you , Mr. dobisch . he hang up , feel he forehead . it be warm . clipped to he handkerchief pocket be a black fountain pen and , next to it , a thermometer in a black case . Bud unclip the thermometer case , unscrew the cap , shake the thermometer out , put it under he tongue . he resume work . a messenger come up to he desk with a interoffice envelope . messenger from Mr. dobisch . bud ( thermometer in mouth ) wait . he turn away from the messenger , unty the string of the envelope , take he key out , put it in a coat pocket . from a trouser pocket , he extract dobisch 's key to the executive washroom , slip it discreetly into the envelope , rety it , hand it to the messenger . bud ( thermometer in mouth ) to Mr. dobisch . puzzle by the whole procedure , the messenger leave . Bud now remove the thermometer from he mouth , read it . it 's worse than he think . he put the thermometer back in the case , clip it to he pocket , take he desk calendar out of a drawer , turn a leaf . under the date wednesday , november 4 there be a entry in he handwrite -- mr. vanderhof . Bud consult the telephone directory again , pick up the phone , dial . int . vanderhof' office - day this be another glass - enclose cubicle on another floor . mr. vanderhof , a junior chamber of commerce type , be dictating to a elderly secretary who sit across the desk from he . vanderhof dear Mr. macintosh -- ( phone ring and he pick it up ) vanderhof , Public Relations . oh , yes , baxter . just a minute . ( to secretary ) all right , miss finch -- type up what we get so far . ( he wait till she be out of the office ; then , into phone ) now what be it , baxter ? bud - on phone bud look , Mr. vanderhof -- I have get you down here for tonight -- but I be go to be use the place myself -- so I will have to cancel . vanderhof - on phone vanderhof cancel ? but it 's she birthday -- I already order the cake -- bud - on phone bud I hate to disappoint you -- I mean , many happy return -- but not tonight -- vanderhof - on phone vanderhof that 's not like you , baxter . just the other day , at the staff meeting , I be tell Mr. sheldrake what a reliable man you be . bud - on phone bud thank you , Mr. vanderhof . but I be sick -- I have this terrible cold -- and a fever -- and I get to go to bed right after work . vanderhof - on phone vanderhof buddy -boy , that 's the worst thing you can do . if you get a cold , you should go to a turkish bath -- spend the night there -- sweat it out -- bud - on phone bud oh , no . I would get pneumonia -- and if I get pneumonia , I would be in bed for a month -- and if I be in bed for a month -- vanderhof - on phone vanderhof okay , you make you point . we will just have to do it next Wednesday -- that 's the only night of the week I can get away . bud - on phone bud Wednesday -- Wednesday -- ( leaf through calendar ) I get somebody pencile in -- let I see what I can do -- I will get back to you . he hang up , riffle through the directory , find the number , and with a furtive look around , dial again . bud ( into phone ) Mr. eichelberger ? be this mortgage and loan ? I would like to speak to Mr. eichelberger . yes , it be urgent . int . eichelbergeras office - day also glass - enclose , but slightly larger than the other . mr . eichelberger , a solid citizen of about fifty , be display some mortgage graph to three associate . a fourth one have answer the phone . associate ( hold out phone to eichelberger ) for you , mel. eichelberger put the chart down , take the phone . eighelberger eichelberger here -- oh , yes , baxter -- ( a glance at he associate ; then continue , as though it be a business call ) what 's you problem ? -- Wednesday be out ? -- oh -- that throw a little monkey wrench into my agenda -- Thursday ? no , I be all tie up on Thursday -- let 's schedule that meeting for Friday . bud - on phone bud Friday ? ( check calendar ) let I see what I can do . I will get back to you . he hang up , consult the directory , start to dial a number . int . kirkeby' office - day it 's another of that glass - enclose cubicle , on the nineteenth floor . kirkeby be talk into a dictaphone . kirkeby premium - wise and billing - wise , we be eighteen percent ahead of last year , October -wise . the phone have be ringing . kirkeby switch off the machine , pick up the phone . kirkeby hello ? yeah , baxter . what 's up ? bud - on phone bud instead of Friday -- could you possibly switch to Thursday ? you would be do I a great favor -- kirkeby - on phone kirkeby well -- it 's all right with I , Bud . let I check . I will get back to you . he press down the button on the cradle , dial Operator . int . switchboard room there be a double switchboard in the center , with nine girl on each side , all busy as beaver . in the foreground we recognize sylvia , kirkeby 's date of last night . sylvia consolidate life -- I will connect you -- consolidate life -- the girl next to she turn and hold out a line . switchboard girl sylvia -- it 's for you . sylvia plug the call into she own switchboard . sylvia yes ? oh , hello -- sure I get home all right -- you owe I forty - five cent . kirkeby - on phone kirkeby okay , okay . look , sylvia -- instead of Friday - could we make it Thursday night ? sylvia - at switchboard sylvia Thursday ? that 's the untouchable -- with Bob stack . kirkeby - on phone kirkeby Bob who ? -- all right , so we will watch it at the apartment . Big deal . ( he hang up , dial ) baxter ? it 's okay for Thursday . int . nineteenth floor - day Bud , at he desk , be on the phone . bud thank you , Mr. kirkeby . ( hang up , consult directory , dial ) Mr. eichelberger ? it 's okay for Friday . ( hang up , consult directory , dial ) Mr. vanderhof ? it 's okay for Wednesday . during this , the phone have rung at the next desk , and the occupant , mr. moffett , have pick it up . as Bud hang up -- moffett ( into phone ) all right -- I will tell he . ( hang up , turn to Bud ) hey , baxter -- that be personnel . Mr. sheldrake 's secretary . bud sheldrake ? moffett she 's be try to reach you for the last twenty minute . they want you up stair . bud oh ! he jump up , stuff the nose - spray into one pocket , a handful of kleenex into the other . moffett what give , baxter ? you get promote or get fire ? bud ( cockily ) Care to make a small wager ? moffett I have be here twice as long as you have -- bud shall we say -- a dollar ? moffett it 's a bet . Bud snake-hip between the desk like a break - field runner . at the elevator , Bud press the up button , pace nervously . one of the elevator door open , and as Bud start inside , the door of the adjoin elevator open , and Fran kubelik stick she head out . fran go up ? hear she voice , Bud throw a quick " Excuse I " to the other operator , exit quickly and step into Fran 's elevator . bud twenty -seven , please . and drive carefully . you be carry precious cargo -- I mean , manpower - wise . Fran shut the door . int . elevator - day Fran press a button , and the elevator start up . fran twenty -seven . bud you may not realize it , miss kubelik , but I be in the top ten -- efficiency - wise and this may be the day -- promotion - wise . fran you be beginning to sound like Mr. kirkeby already . bud why not ? now that they be kick I upstairs -- fran could not happen to a nicer guy . ( Bud beam ) you know , you be the only one around here who ever take he hat off in the elevator . bud really ? fran the character you meet . something happen to man in elevator . must be the change of altitude -- the blood rush to they head , or something -- boy , I could tell you storey -- bud I would love to hear they . maybe we could have lunch in the cafeteria sometime -- or some evening , after work -- the elevator have stop , and Fran open the door . fran twenty -seven . int . twenty -seventh floor foyer - day it be pretty plush up here -- soft carpete and tall mahogany door lead to the executive office . the elevator door be open , and Bud step out . fran I hope everything go all right . bud I hope so . ( turn back ) would not you know they would call I on a day like this -- with my cold and everything -- ( fumble with he tie ) how do I look ? fran Fine . ( step out of elevator ) wait . she take the carnation out of she lapel , start to put it in Bud 's buttonhole . bud thank you . that 's the first thing I ever notice about you -- when you be still on the local elevator -- you always wear a flower -- the elevator buzzer be now sounding insistently . Fran step back inside . fran good luck . and wipe you nose . she shut the door . Bud look after she , then take a kleenex out of he pocket , and wiping he nose , cross to a glass door mark J. D. sheldrake , director of personnel . he stashes the use kleenex away in another pocket , enter . int . sheldrake's anteroom - day it be a sedate office with a secretary and a couple of typist . the secretary 's name be miss olsen . she be in she thirty , flaxen - haire , handsome , wear harlequin glass , and have a incisive manner . Bud come up to she desk . bud c. c. baxter -- ordinary premium account -- Mr. sheldrake call I . miss olsen I call you -- that be , I try to call you -- for twenty minute . bud I be sorry , I -- miss olsen go on in . she indicate the door lead to the inner office . Bud square he shoulder and start in . int . sheldrake's office - day Mr. sheldrake be a $ 14,000 a year man , and rate a four - window office . it be not quite a executive suite , but it be several peg above the glass cubicle of the middle echelon . there be lot of leather , and a large desk behind which sit mr . sheldrake . he be a substantial look , authoritative man in he middle forty , a pillar of he suburban community , a blood donor and a family man . the latter be attest to by a frame photograph show two boy , age 8 and 10 , in military school uniform . as baxter come through the door , sheldrake be leaf through dobisch 's efficiency report . he look up at Bud through a pair of heavy - rimmed read glass . sheldrake baxter ? bud yes , sir . sheldrake ( study he ) I be sort of wonder what you look like . sit down . bud yes , Mr. sheldrake . he seat himself on the very edge of the leather armchair face sheldrake . sheldrake be hearing some very nice thing about you -- here 's a report from Mr. dobisch -- loyal , cooperative , resourceful -- bud Mr. dobisch say that ? sheldrake and Mr. kirkeby tell I that several night a week you work late at the office -- without overtime . bud ( modestly ) well , you know how it be -- thing pile up . sheldrake Mr. vanderhof , in Public Relations , and Mr. eichelberger , in mortgage and loan -- they would both like to have you transfer to they department . bud that 's very flatter . sheldrake put the report down , take off he glass , lean across the desk toward Bud . sheldrake tell I , baxter -- just what be it that make you so popular ? bud I do not know . sheldrake think . Bud do so . for a moment , he be a picture of intense concentration . then -- bud would you mind repeat the question ? sheldrake look , baxter , I be not stupid . I know everything that go on in this building -- in every department -- on every floor -- every day of the year . bud ( in a very small voice ) you do ? sheldrake ( rise , start pace ) in 1957 , we have a employee here , name of fowler . he be very popular , too . turned out he be run a bookie joint right in the actuarial Department tie up the switchboard , figure the odd on we i.b.m. machine -- so the day before the kentucky derby , I call in the vice squad and we raid the thirteenth floor . bud ( worried ) the vice squad ? sheldrake that 's right , baxter . bud what -- what 's that get to do with I ? I be not run any bookie joint . sheldrake what kind of joint be you run ? bud Sir ? sheldrake there 's a certain key float around the office -- from kirkeby to vanderhof to eichelberger to dobisch -- it 's the key to a certain apartment -- and you know who that apartment belong to ? bud who ? sheldrake loyal , cooperative , resourceful c. c. baxter . bud oh. sheldrake be you go to deny it ? bud no , sir . I be not go to deny it . but if you would just let I explain -- sheldrake you better . bud ( a deep breath ) well , about six month ago -- I be go to night school , take this course in Advanced account -- and one of the guy in we department -- he life in Jersey -- he be go to a banquet at the biltmore -- he wife be meeting he in town , and he need someplace to change into a tuxedo -- so I give he the key and word must have get around -- because the next thing I know , all sort of guy be suddenly go to banquet -- and when you give the key to one guy , you can not say no to another and the whole thing get out of hand -- pardon I . he whip out the nasal - spray , administer a couple of quick squirt up each nostril . sheldrake baxter , a insurance company be found on public trust . any employee who conduct himself in a manner unbecome -- ( shifting into a new gear ) how many charter member be there in this little club of yours ? bud just that four -- out of a total of 31,259 -- so actually , we can be very proud of we personnel -- percentage - wise . sheldrake that 's not the point . four rotten apple in a barrel -- no matter how large the barrel -- you realize that if this ever leak out -- bud oh , it will not . believe I . and it 's not go to happen again . from now on , nobody be go to use my apartment -- in he vehemence he squeeze the spray bottle , which squirt all over the desk . sheldrake where be you apartment ? bud West 67th Street . you have no idea what I have be go through -- with the neighbor and the landlady and the liquor and the key -- sheldrake how do you work it with the key ? bud well , usually I slip it to they in the office and they leave it under the mat -- but never again -- I can promise you that -- the phone buzzer sound , and sheldrake pick up the phone . sheldrake yes , miss Olsen . int . sheldrake's anteroom - day miss Olsen be on the phone . miss olsen Mrs. sheldrake return you call -- on two -- she press a button down , start to hang the phone up , glance around to see if the typist be watch , then raise the receiver to she ear and eavesdrop on the conversation . int . sheldrake's office - day sheldrake be talk into the phone . sheldrake yes , dear -- I call you earlier -- where be you ? oh , you take Tommy to the dentist -- during this , Bud have rise from he chair , start inching toward the door . sheldrake ( turn to he ) where be you go , baxter ? bud well , I do not want to intrude -- and I think -- since it 's all straighten out anyway -- sheldrake I be not through with you yet . bud yes , sir . sheldrake ( into phone ) the reason I call be -- I will not be home for dinner tonight . the branch manager from Kansas City be in town -- I be take he to the theatre Music man , what else ? no , do not wait up for I -- ' bye , darling . ( hang up , turn to Bud ) tell I something , baxter -- have you see Music man ? bud not yet . but I hear it 's one swell show . sheldrake how would you like to go tonight ? bud you mean -- you and I ? I think you be take the branch manager from Kansas City -- sheldrake I make other plan . you can have both ticket . bud well , that 's very kind of you -- only I be not feel well -- you see , I have this cold -- and I think I would go straight home . sheldrake baxter , you be not read I . I tell you I have plan . bud so do I -- I be go to take four aspirin and get into bed -- so you better give the ticket to somebody else -- sheldrake I be not just give that ticket , baxter -- I want to swap they . bud swap they ? for what ? sheldrake pick up the dobisch report , put on he glass , turn a page . sheldrake it also say here -- that you be alert , astute , and quite imaginative -- bud oh ? ( the dawn be break ) oh ! he reach into he coat pocket , fish out a handful of kleenex , and then finally the key to he apartment . he hold it up . bud this ? sheldrake that 's good think , baxter . next month there 's go to be a shift in personnel around here -- and as far as I be concerned , you be executive material . bud I be ? sheldrake now put down the key -- ( push a pad toward he ) -- and put down the address . Bud lay the key on the desk , unclip what he think be he fountain pen , uncap it , start write on the pad . bud it 's on the second floor - my name be not on the door -- it just say 2a -- suddenly he realize that he have be try to write the address with the thermometer . bud oh -- terribly sorry . it 's that cold -- sheldrake relax , baxter . bud thank you , sir . he have replace the thermometer with the fountain pen , and be scribbling the address . bud you will be careful with the record player , will not you ? and about the liquor -- I order some this morning -- but I be not sure when they will deliver it -- he have finish write the address , shove the pad over to sheldrake . sheldrake now remember , baxter -- this be go to be we little secret . bud yes , of course . sheldrake you know how people talk . bud oh , you do not have to worry -- sheldrake not that I have anything to hide . bud oh , no sir . certainly not . anyway , it 's none of my business -- four apple , five apple -- what 's the difference -- percentage - wise ? sheldrake ( hold out the ticket ) here you be , baxter . have a nice time . bud you too , sir . clutch the ticket , he back out of the office . dissolve to : int . lobby insurance build - evening it be about 6:30 , and the building have pretty well emptied out by now . Bud , in raincoat and hat , be lean against one of the marble pillar beyond the elevator . his raincoat be unbuttone , and Fran 's carnation be still in he lapel . he be look off expectantly toward a door mark employees ' lounge - women . some of the female employee be emerge , dress for the street . among they be sylvia and she colleague from the switchboard . sylvia so I figure , a man in he position , he 's go to take I to 21 and El Morocco -- instead , he take I to Hamburg Heaven and some schnook 's apartment -- they pass Bud without pay any attention to he . Bud have hear the crack , and look after sylvia , a little hurt . then he glance back toward the door of the lounge , as it open and Fran kubelik come out . she be wear a wool coat over a street dress , no hat . fran ( pass Bud ) good night . bud ( casually ) good night . she be about three pace beyond he when he suddenly realize who it be . bud oh -- miss kubelik . ( he rush after she , take off he hat ) I have be wait for you . fran you have ? bud I almost do not recognize you -- this be the first time I have ever see you in civilian clothes . fran how would you make out on the twenty - seventh floor ? bud great . look -- have you see the Music man ? fran no . bud would you like to ? fran sure . bud I think maybe we could have a bite to eat first -- and then -- fran you mean tonight ? bud yeah . fran I be sorry , but I can not tonight . I be meeting somebody . bud oh. ( a beat ) you mean -- like a girl - friend ? fran no. like a man . she proceed across the lobby toward the street entrance , Bud follow she . bud I be not try to be personal -- it 's just that the fellow in the office be -- whether you wonder about you ever -- fran just tell them -- now and then . bud this date -- be it just a date -- or be it something serious ? fran it use to be serious -- at least I be -- but he be not -- so the whole thing be more or less kaputt . bud well , in that case , could not you -- ? fran I be afraid not . I promise to have a drink with he -- he 's be call I all week -- bud oh , I understand . he follow she out through the revolve door . ext . insurance build - evening Fran and Bud come out . bud ( put he hat on ) well , it be just a idea -- I hate to see a ticket go to waste -- fran ( stop ) what time do the show go on ? bud eight-thirty . fran ( look at she watch ) well -- I could meet you at the theatre -- if that 's all right . bud all right ? that 's wonderful ! it 's the majestic -- 44th Street . fran meet you in the lobby . okay ? Bud nod happily , fall in beside she as she start down the street . bud you know , I feel so lousy this morning -- a hundred and one fever -- then my promotion come up -- now you and I -- eleventh row center -- and you say I should have stay in bed . fran how be you cold ? bud ( high as a kite ) what cold ? and after the show , we could go out on the town -- ( do a little cha cha step ) I have be take from Arthur Murray . fran so I see . bud they get a great little band at El chico , in the Village -- it 's practically around the corner from where you live . fran sound good . ( a sudden think ) how do you know where I live ? bud oh , I even know who you live with -- you sister and brother - in - law -- I know when you be bear -- and where -- I know all sort of thing about you . fran how come ? bud a couple of month ago I look up you card in the group insurance file . fran oh. bud I know you height , you weight and you Social Security number -- you have mump , you have measle , and you have you appendix out . they have now reach the corner , and Fran stop . fran well , do not tell the fellow in the office about the appendix . they may get the wrong idea how you find out . ( turn the corner ) ' bye . bud ( call after she ) eight-thirty ! he watch she walk away , a idiot grin on he face . despite what he tell Fran , he nose be stuff up , so he take out the anti-histamine and spray he nostril . then , carry away , he squirt some of the stuff on the carnation in he buttonhole , move off in the opposite direction . ext . downtown STREET - evening Fran come hurry along the street . she be late . her objective be a small chinese restaurant , with a neon sign read the rickshaw - cocktail - cantonese food . she start down a flight of step lead to the entrance . int . chinese restaurant - evening the bar be a long , narrow , dimly - light room with booth along one side . Beyond a bamboo curtain be the main dining room , which do not concern we . the place be decorate in early beachcomber style rattan , fish - net , conch -shell , etc . the help be chinese . at this early hour , there be only half a dozen customer in the place -- all at the bar except for one man , sit in the last booth with he back toward camera . at a piano , a chinese member of local 808 be improvise mood music . Fran come through the door , and without look around , head straight for the last booth . the bartender nod to she -- they know she there . as she pass the piano player , he give she a big smile , segues into jealous lover . Fran come up to the man sit in the last booth . fran ( a wistful smile ) good evening , Mr. sheldrake . sheldrake , for that 's who it be , look around nervously to make sure no one have hear she . sheldrake please , Fran -- not so loud . ( he get up ) fran still afraid somebody may see we together ? sheldrake ( reach for she coat ) let I take that . fran no , Jeff . I can not stay very long . ( sit opposite he , with she coat on ) can I have a freeze daiquiri ? sheldrake it 's on the way . ( sit down ) I see you go ahead and cut you hair . fran that 's right . sheldrake you know I like it better long . fran yes , I know . you want a lock to carry in you wallet ? a waiter come up with a tray : two daiquiris , fry shrimp , eggroll , and a bowl of sauce . waiter ( show all he tooth ) even , lady . Nice see you again . fran thank you . the waiter have set everything on the table , leave . sheldrake how long have it be -- a month ? fran six week . but who 's count ? sheldrake I miss you , Fran . fran like old time . same booth , same song -- sheldrake it 's be hell . fran ( dip shrimp ) -- same sauce -- sweet and sour . sheldrake you do not know what it 's like -- stand next to you in that elevator , day after day -- good morning , miss kubelik -- good night , Mr. sheldrake -- I be still crazy about you , Fran . fran ( avoid he eye ) let 's not start on that again , Jeff -- please . I be just beginning to get over it . sheldrake I do not believe you . fran look , Jeff -- we have two wonderful month this summer -- and that be it . happens all the time -- the wife and kid go away to the country , and the boss have a fling with the secretary or the manicurist -- or the elevator girl . come September , the picnic be over -- goodbye . the kid go back to school , the boss go back to the wife , and the girl -- ( she be barely able to control herself ) they do not make this shrimp like they use to . sheldrake I never say goodbye , Fran . fran ( not listen ) for a while there , you try kid yourself that you be go with a unmarried man . then one day he keep look at he watch , and ask you if there 's any lipstick show , then rush off to catch the seven-fourteen to White Plains . so you fix yourself a cup of instant coffee -- and you sit there by yourself -- and you think -- and it all begin to look so ugly -- there be tear in she eye . she break off , downs what 's leave of the daiquiri . sheldrake how do you think I feel -- riding home on that seven-fourteen train ? fran why do you keep call I , Jeff ? what do you want from I ? sheldrake ( take she hand ) I want you back , Fran . fran ( withdraw she hand ) sorry , Mr. sheldrake -- I be full up . you will have to take the next elevator . sheldrake you be not give I a chance , Fran . I ask you to meet I because -- I have something to tell you . fran go ahead -- tell I . sheldrake ( a glance around ) not here , Fran . can not we go some place else ? fran no . I have a date at eight - thirty . sheldrake important ? fran not very -- but I be go to be there anyway . she take out a inexpensive square compact with a fleur de lis pattern on it , open it , start to fix she face . the waiter come up with a couple of menus . waiter you ready order dinner now ? fran no . no dinner . sheldrake bring we two more drink . CUT to : ext . majestic theatre - evening it be 8:25 , and there be the usual hectic to - do -- taxi pull up , people milling around the sidewalk and crowd into the lobby . in the middle of this melee , buffete by the throng , stand Bud , in raincoat and hat , look anxiously for Fran . CUT to : int . chinese restaurant - evening Fran and sheldrake , in the booth , be work on the second round of drink . sheldrake Fran -- remember that last weekend we have ? fran ( wryly ) do I . that leaky little boat you rent -- and I in a black negligee and a life preserver -- sheldrake remember what we talk about ? fran we talk about a lot of thing . sheldrake I mean -- about my get a divorce . fran we do not talk about it -- you do . sheldrake you do not really believe I , do you ? fran ( shrugging ) they get it a a long play record now - Music to string her along by . my wife do not understand I -- we have not get along for year -- you be the best thing that ever happen to I -- sheldrake that 's enough , Fran . fran ( go right on ) just trust I , baby -- we will work it out somehow -- sheldrake you be not be funny . fran I be not try . sheldrake if you will just listen to I for a minute -- fran okay . I be sorry . sheldrake I see my lawyer this morning -- I want he advice -- about the best way to handle it -- fran handle what ? sheldrake what do you think ? fran ( look at he for a long moment - then ) let 's get something straight , Jeff -- I never ask you to leave you wife . sheldrake of course not . you have nothing to do with it . fran ( she eye mist up again ) be you sure that 's what you want ? sheldrake I be sure . if you will just tell I that you still love I -- fran ( softly ) you know I do . sheldrake Fran -- he take she hand , kiss it . the bar have be fill up , and now two couple be seating themselves in a nearby booth . one of the woman be miss Olsen . fran ( pull she hand away gently ) Jeff -- darling -- she indicate the other customer . sheldrake glance over he shoulder . sheldrake it be crowd up . let 's get out of here . they rise . sheldrake leave some money on the table , lead Fran toward the entrance . as they pass miss Olsen 's booth , she turn around slowly , and put on she glass , look after they . sheldrake slip a bill to the piano player , who give they a big smile , slide into jealous lover again . retrieving he hat and coat from the checkroom girl , sheldrake steer Fran through the door . miss Olsen watch they with a cold smile . ext . chinese restaurant - evening Fran and sheldrake come up the step . sheldrake ( to a pass cab ) taxi ! it pass without stop . fran I have that date -- remember ? sheldrake I love you -- remember ? another taxi approach . sheldrake give a shrill whistle , and it pull up . he open the door . fran where be we go , Jeff ? not back to that leaky boat -- sheldrake I promise . he help she into the cab , take out of he coat pocket the page from the pad on which Bud write the address of the apartment . sheldrake ( to cab driver ) 51 West sixty -seventh . he get in beside Fran , shut the door . as the cab pull away , through the rear window the two can be see kissing . CUT to : ext . majestic theatre - evening it 's 9 o'clock , the lobby be desert , and stand on the sidewalk all by himself , be Bud . he take a kleenex out of he pocket , blow he nose , stuff the use kleenex in another pocket . he look up and down the street , consult he watch , decide to wait just a little longer . fade out : fade in : baxter' desk calendar the leave be flipping over . Mr. sheldrake seem to be use the apartment regularly -- for the name sheldrake , in Bud 's handwrite , appear on the page date Monday , November 9 , Thursday , November 12 , Thursday , November 19 , Monday , November 23 , and Monday , November 30 . Mr. sheldrake also seem to be baxter 's only customer by now , since the other leave of the calendar be blank . dissolve to : int . nineteenth floor - insurance build - day it be a gloomy December morning , and hundred of desk - bound employee be bent over they paper - work . Bud baxter , in raincoat and hat , be clear out he desk . he have pile everything on he blotter pad -- reference book , papers , a fountain pen set , pencil , paper clip and the calendar . watch he from the next desk be a dumbfounded moffett . Bud pick up the blotter pad with he stuff on it , and as he move past moffett 's desk , moffett take out a dollar bill , drop it grudgingly on the load pad . Bud flash he a little grin , continue between the desk toward the row of glass - enclose office housing the supervisory personnel . he come up to a unoccupy cubicle . a sign painter be brush in some new lettering on the glass door -- it read c. c. baxter , second administrative Assistant . Bud study the sign with a good deal of satisfaction . bud ( to painter ) would you mind --? ( the painter turn around ) c. c. baxter -- that 's I . with a " oh , " the painter open the door for he . int . baxter' office - day Bud enter he new office , deposit he stuff on the bare desk , look around possessively . the small cubicle boast one window , carpete on the floor , a filing cabinet , a couple of synthetic - leather chair , and a clothes - tree -- to Bud , it be the Taj Mahal . he cross to the clothes - tree , remove he hat and coat , hang they up . from off come -- kirkeby' voice hi , buddy-boy . dobischas voice congratulation , and all that jazz . Bud turn . kirkeby , dobisch , eichelberger and vanderhof have come into the office . bud hi , fella . eichelberger well , you make it , kid -- just like we promise . vanderhof quite a office -- name on the door -- rug on the floor -- the whole schmear . bud yeah . dobisch teamwork -- that 's what count in a organization like this . all for one and one for all -- know what I mean ? bud I have a vague idea . kirkeby signal to vanderhof , who shut the door . the four charter member of the club start close in on Bud . kirkeby baxter , we be a little disappointed in you -- gratitude - wise . bud oh , I be very grateful . eighelberger then why be you lock we out , all of a sudden ? bud it 's be sort of rough this last few week -- what with my cold and like that -- he have pick up the desk calendar , shove it discreetly into one of the drawer . dobisch we go to bat for you -- and now you will not play ball with we . bud well , after all , it 's my apartment -- it 's private property -- it 's not a public playground . vanderhof all right , so you get yourself a girl -- that 's okay with we -- but not every night of the week . kirkeby how selfish can you get ? ( to the other ) last week I have to borrow my nephew 's car and take sylvia to a drive - in in Jersey . I be too old for that sort of thing -- I mean , in a volkswagen . bud I sympathize with you problem -- and believe I , I be very sorry -- dobisch you will be a lot sorrier before we be through with you . bud you threaten I ? dobisch listen , baxter , we make you and we can break you . he deliberately flip a cigar ash on Bud 's desk . at the same time , the door open , and sheldrake come stride in briskly . bud good morning , Mr. sheldrake . the other swivel around . sheldrake Morning , gentleman . ( to Bud ) everything satisfactory ? you like you office ? bud oh , yes , sir . very much . and I want to thank you -- sheldrake do not thank I -- thank you friend here -- they be the one who recommend you . the four friend manage to work up some sickly smile . dobisch we just drop in to wish he the best . ( quickly brushes cigar ash off desk ) kirkeby ( as they move toward the door ) so long , baxter . we know you will not let we down . bud so long , fella . Drop in any time . the door be always open -- to my office . they leave . sheldrake and Bud be alone . sheldrake I like the way you handle that . well , how do it feel to be a executive ? bud Fine . and I want you to know I will work very hard to justify you confidence in I -- sheldrake sure you will . ( a beat ) say , baxter , about the apartment - now that you get a raise , do not you think we can afford a second key ? bud well -- I guess so . sheldrake you know my secretary -- miss Olsen -- bud oh , yes . very attractive . be she -- the lucky one ? sheldrake no , you do not understand . she 's a busybody -- always poke she nose into thing -- and with that key pass back and forth -- why take chance ? bud yes , sir . you can not be too careful . he glance toward the glass partition to make sure that nobody be watch . bud I have something here -- I think it belong to you . out of he pocket he have slip the compact with the fleur - de-lis pattern we see Fran use at the rickshaw . he hold it out to sheldrake . sheldrake to I ? bud I mean -- the young lady -- whoever she may be -- it be on the couch when I get home last night . sheldrake oh , yes . thanks . bud the mirror be break . ( open compact , revealing crack in mirror ) it be break when I find it . sheldrake so it be . ( take the compact ) she throw it at I . bud Sir ? sheldrake you know how it be -- sooner or later they all give you a bad time . bud ( man-of - the -world ) I know how it be . sheldrake you see a girl a couple of time a week -- just for laugh -- and right away she think you be go to divorce you wife . I ask you -- be that fair ? bud no , sir . that 's very unfair -- especially to you wife . sheldrake yeah . ( shifting gear ) you know , baxter , I envy you . bachelor -- all the dame you want -- no headache , no complication -- bud yes , sir . that 's the life , all right . sheldrake put I down for Thursday again . bud Roger . and I will get that other key . sheldrake exit . Bud take the calendar out of the desk drawer , make a entry . dissolve to : baxter' desk calendar again the leave be flipping over , and again we see sheldrake 's name in Bud 's handwrite -- book for the follow date : Monday , December 14 , Thursday , December 17 , Monday , December 21 , Thursday , December 24 . dissolve to : int . switchboard room - day perched on top of the switchboard be a small decorate Christmas tree , and the operator be dispense holiday greeting to all caller . operator consolidate life -- merry Christmas -- I will connect you -- consolidate life -- merry Christmas -- I be ringing -- in the foreground , sylvia be engage in a private conversation of she own . sylvia ( into mouthpiece ) yeah ? -- yeah ? -- where ? -- you bet -- she tear off she headset , and turn to the other girl . sylvia somebody watch my line -- there 's a swinging party up on the nineteenth floor -- she scoot out the door . the other girl immediately abandon they post , and dash after she . int . nineteenth floor - day it 's a swinging party , all right . nobody be work . several desk have be clear and push together , and on top of this improvise stage four female employee and Mr. dobisch , with he pants - leg roll up , be do a rockette kick routine to the tune of jingle bell . employee be ringed around the performer , some drink out of paper cup , other sing and clap in rhythm . one of the cubicle have be transformed into a bar , and it be jamme with people . Mr. kirkeby and Mr. vanderhof be pour -- each have a couple of bottle of liquor in he hand , and be empty they into the open top of a water - cooler . but the stuff be flow out as fast as it flow in -- everybody be in line with a paper cup wait for a refill . Bud come shoulder he way out of the crowded cubicle , hold aloft two paper cup fill with booze . since he promotion he have buy himself a new suit , dark flannel , and with it he wear a white shirt with a pin round collar , and a foulard tie . he also have quite a glow on . detour past neck couple , he head in the direction of the elevator . the door of Fran 's elevator be just open , and the switchboard operator , lead by sylvia , come stream out . sylvia ( to a colleague ) -- so I say to he : never again ! -- either get yourself a bigger car or a smaller girl -- as they head for the party , they pass Bud , who be approach the elevator with the two drink . Fran be just close the elevator door . bud miss kubelik . the door slide open again , and Fran look out . instead of the customary carnation in the lapel of she uniform , she wear a sprig of holly . bud ( hold out one of the drink ) marry Christmas . fran thank you . ( take drink ) I think you be avoid I . bud what give you that idea ? fran in the last six week you have only be in my elevator once -- and then you do not take you hat off . bud well , as a matter of fact , I be rather hurt when you stand I up that night -- fran I do not blame you . it be unforgivable . bud I forgive you . fran you should not . bud you could not help yourself . I mean , when you be have a drink with one man , you can not just suddenly walk out on he because you have another date with another man . you do the only decent thing . fran do not be too sure . just because I wear a uniform -- that do not make I a girl scout . bud miss kubelik , one do not get to be a second administrative assistant around here unless he 's a pretty good judge of character -- and as far as I be concerned , you be top . I mean , decency - wise -- and otherwise - wise . ( toast ) cheer . fran cheer . they down they drink . Bud take the empty cup from she . bud one more ? fran ( indicate elevator ) I should not drink when I be drive . bud you be so right . he reach into the elevator , take a cardboard sign off a hook , hang it on the elevator door . it read use other elevator . bud by the power vested in I , I herewith declare this elevator out of order . ( lead she toward the party ) shall we join the native ? fran why not ? ( as they pass a kissing couple ) they seem friendly enough . bud do not you believe it . later on there will be human sacrifice -- white collar worker toss into the computing machine , and punch full of that little square hole . fran how many of that drink do you have ? bud ( hold up four finger ) Three . fran I think so . they have now reach the entrance to the bar , which be overflow with thirsty native . bud you wait here . I think I hear the sound of run water . he leave she outside the cubicle , and elbow he way through the crowd toward the booze- fill water cooler . out of another cubicle come miss Olsen , cup in hand . she too have have quite a few . see Fran , she walk up to she , with a acid smile on she face . miss olsen hi. how 's the branch manager from Kansas City ? fran I beg you pardon ? miss olsen I be miss Olsen -- Mr. sheldrake 's secretary . fran yes , I know . miss olsen so you do not have to play innocent with I . he use to tell he wife that I be the branch manager from Seattle -- four year ago when we be have a little ring - a-d - ding . fran I do not know what you be talk about . miss olsen and before I there be miss Rossi in audit -- and after I there be miss koch in disability -- and just before you there be miss what 's - her - name , on the twenty - fifth floor -- fran ( want to get away ) will you excuse I ? miss olsen ( hold she by the arm ) what for ? you have not do anything -- it 's he -- what a salesman -- always the last booth in the chinese restaurant -- and the same pitch about divorce he wife -- and in the end you wind up with egg foo yong on you face . Bud come burrow out of the crowded cubicle , balance the two fill paper cup , spot Fran . bud miss kubelik . Fran turn away from miss Olsen . fran well -- thank you . miss olsen always happy to do something for we girl in uniform . she move off as Bud join Fran , who be look a little pale . bud you all right ? what 's the matter ? fran nothing . ( take the drink ) there be just too many people here . bud why do not we step into any office ? there 's something I want you advice about , anyway . ( lead she toward he cubicle ) I have my own office now , naturally . and you may be interested to know I be the second youngest executive in the company -- the only one young be a grandson of the chairman of the board . int . baxter' office - day Bud usher Fran in , and be confront by a strange couple neck in the corner . he gesture they out , cross to he desk . bud miss kubelik , I would like you honest opinion . I have have this in my desk for a week -- cost I fifteen dollar -- but I just could not get up enough nerve to wear it -- from under the desk he have produce a hatbox , and out of the hatbox a black bowler , which he now put on he head . bud it 's what they call the junior executive model . what do you think ? Fran look at he blankly , absorb in she own thought . bud guess I make a boo-boo , huh ? fran ( pay attention again ) no -- I like it . bud really ? you mean you would not be ashamed to be see with somebody in a hat like this ? fran of course not . bud maybe if I wear it a little more to the side -- ( adjust hat ) be that better ? fran much better . bud well , as long as you would not be ashamed to be see with I -- how about the three of we go out this evening -- you and I and the bowler -- stroll down fifth Avenue -- sort of break it in -- fran this be a bad day for I . bud I understand . Christmas -- family and all that -- fran I would better get back to my elevator . I do not want to be fire . bud oh , you do not have to worry about that . I have quite a bit of influence in personnel . you know Mr. sheldrake ? fran ( guardedly ) why ? bud he and I be like this . ( cross he finger ) send I a Christmas card . see ? he have pick up a Christmas card from he desk , show it to Fran . it be a photograph of the sheldrake clan group around a elaborate Christmas tree -- Mr. and Mrs. sheldrake , the two boy in military school uniform , and a big french poodle . underneath it say : season' greeting from the sheldrake Emily , Jeff , Tommy , Jeff Jr. , and figaro . fran ( study the card ruefully ) make a cute picture . bud I think maybe I could put in a word for you with Mr. sheldrake -- get you a little promotion -- how would you like to be a elevator starter ? fran I be afraid there be too many other girl around here with seniority over I . bud no problem . why do not we discuss it sometime over the holiday -- I could call you and pick you up and we will have the big unveil -- ( touch the brim of he bowler ) -- you sure this be the right way to wear it ? fran I think so . bud you do not think it 's tilt a little too much -- Fran take she compact out of she uniform pocket , open it , hand it to Bud . fran here . bud ( examine himself in the mirror ) after all , this be a conservative firm -- I do not want people to think I be a entertainer -- his voice trail off . there be something familiar about the crack mirror of the compact -- and the fleur- de- lis pattern on the case confirm he suspicion . Fran notice the peculiar expression on he face . fran what be it ? bud ( with difficulty ) the mirror -- it 's break . fran I know . I like it this way -- make I look the way I feel . the phone have start to ring . Bud do not hear it . he close the compact , hand it to Fran . fran you phone . bud oh. ( pick up phone from desk ) yes ? ( throw a quick look at Fran ) just a minute . ( cover mouthpiece ; to Fran ) if you do not mind -- this be sort of personal fran all right . have a nice Christmas . she exit , close the door . Bud take he hand off the mouthpiece . bud ( every word hurt ) yes , Mr. sheldrake -- no , I do not forget -- the tree be up and the Tom and Jerry mix be in the refrigerator -- yes , sir -- same to you . he hang up , stand there for a moment , the bowler still on he head , the noise from the party wash over he . he slowly cross to the clothes - tree . pick up he coat -- a new , black chesterfield . with the coat over he arm , he start out of the office . int . nineteenth floor - day the party have pick up tempo . on top of the desk , sylvia be do a mock strip tease -- without take any clothes off . there be holler , drink and clap all around she . Bud move past the floor show , pay no attention . kirkeby spot he , detach himself from the cheer section around sylvia . kirkeby where you go , buddy -boy ? the party 's just start . ( catch up with he ) listen , kid -- give I a break , will you -- how about tomorrow afternoon ? I can not take she to that drive - in again -- the car do not even have a heater four o'clock -- okay ? Bud ignore he , continue walk through the rank of empty desk . dissolve to : int . cheap bar - columbus avenue in the sixties - evening it be six o'clock , and the joint be crowded with customer have one for the road before join they family for Christmas Eve . there be man with gaily wrap package , small truss - up Christmas tree , a pluck turkey in a plastic bag . written across the mirror behind the bar , in glitter white letter , be happy holidays . everybody be in high spirit , laugh it up and toast each other . everybody except Bud baxter . he be stand at the bar in he chesterfield and bowler , slightly isolate , brood over a almost empty martini glass . the bartender come up , set down a fresh martini with a olive on a toothpick , take he payment from a pile of bill and coin lie in front of Bud . Bud fish out the olive , add it to half a dozen other impale olive neatly arrange in fan shape on the counter . he be obviously try to complete the circle . a short , rotund man dress as Santa Claus hurry in from the street , and come up to the bar beside Bud . santa claus ( to bartender ) hey , Charlie -- give I a shot of bourbon -- and step on it -- my sleigh be double park . he laugh uproariously at he own joke , nudge Bud with he elbow . Bud stare at he coldly , turn back to he martini . the laughter die in Santa Claus ' throat . he get he short of bourbon , move down the bar to find more convivial company . stand near the end of the curve bar be a girl in she middle twenty wear a ratty fur coat . her name be margie macdougall , she be drink a rum Collins through a straw , and she too be alone . from a distance , she be study Bud with interest . on the bar in front of she be a container of straw in paper wrapper . she take one of they out , tear off the end of the paper , blow through the straw -- send the wrapper float toward Bud . the paper wrapper pass right in front of Bud 's nose . he do not notice it . margie , undaunted , let go with another missile . this time the wrapper land on the brim of Bud 's bowler . no reaction . another wrapper come float in , hit Bud 's cheek . he never take he eye off he martini . margie leave she place , and carry she handbag and she empty glass , come up alongside Bud . without a word , she reach up and remove the wrapper from Bud 's bowler . margie you buy I a drink , I will buy you some music . ( set the glass down ) rum Collins . not wait for a answer , she head for the juke box . Bud look after she noncommittally , then turn to the bartender . bud rum Collins . ( indicate martini glass ) and another one of this little mother . at the juke box , margie have drop a coin in and make she selection . the music start -- adeste fidelis . she rejoin Bud at the bar just as the bartender be put down they drink in front of they . Bud remove the new olive , add it to the pattern on the counter in front of he . they both drink , stare straight ahead . for quite a while , there be complete silence between they . margie ( out of nowhere ) you like castro ? ( a blank look from Bud ) I mean -- how do you feel about castro ? bud what be castro ? margie you know , that big -shot down in Cuba with the crazy beard . bud what about he ? margie because as far as I be concerned , he 's a no good fink . two week ago I write he a letter -- never even answer I . bud that so . margie all I want he to do be let mickey out for Christmas . bud who be mickey ? margie my husband . he 's in Havana -- in jail . bud oh. mix up in that revolution ? margie mickey ? he would not do nothing like that . he 's a jockey . they catch he doping a horse . bud well , you can not win them all . they sit there silently for a moment , contemplate the injustice of the world . margie ( to herself ) ' twas the night before Christmas and all through the house not a creature be stir -- nothing -- no action -- dullsville ! ( drink ; to Bud ) you marry ? bud no . margie family ? bud no . margie a night like this , it sort of spook you to walk into a empty apartment . bud I say I have no family -- I do not say I have a empty apartment . they both drink . CUT to : int . bud apartment - evening the live room be dark , except for a shaft of light from the kitchen , and the glow of the color bulb on a small Christmas tree in front of the phony fireplace . hunched up in one corner of the couch be Fran , still in she coat and glove , cry softly . pace up and down be sheldrake . his coat and hat be on a chair , as be several Christmas package . on the coffee table be a unopen bottle of scotch , a couple of untouched glass , and a bowl of melting ice . sheldrake ( stop and face Fran ) come on , Fran -- do not be like that . you just go to sit there and keep bawling ? ( no answer ) you will not talk to I , you will not tell I what 's wrong -- ( a new approach ) look , I know you think I be stalling you . but when you have be marry to a woman for twelve year , you do not just sit down at the breakfast table and say " pass the sugar -- and I want a divorce . " it 's not that easy . ( he resume pace ; Fran continue cry ) anyway , this be the wrong time . the kid be home from school -- my in - law be visit for the holiday -- I can not bring it up now . ( stop in front of she ) this be not like you , Fran -- you be always such a good sport -- such fun to be with -- fran ( through tear ) yeah -- that 's I . the happy idiot -- a million laugh . sheldrake well , that 's more like it . at least you be speak to I . fran funny thing happen to I at the office party today -- I run into you secretary -- miss Olsen . you know -- ring-a-ding-ding ? I laugh so much I like to die . sheldrake be that what 's be bother you -- miss Olsen ? that 's ancient history . fran I be never very good at history . let I see -- there be miss Olsen , and then there be miss Rossi -- no , she come before -- it be miss koch who come after miss Olsen -- sheldrake now , Fran -- fran and just think -- right now there 's some lucky girl in the building who 's go to come after I -- sheldrake okay , okay , Fran . I deserve that . but just ask yourself -- why do a man run around with a lot of girl ? because he 's unhappy at home -- because he 's lonely , that 's why -- all that be before you , Fran -- I have stop run . Fran have take a handkerchief out of she bag and be dabbing she eye . fran how could I be so stupid ? you would think I would have learn by now -- when you be in love with a marry man , you should not wear mascara . sheldrake it 's Christmas Eve , Fran -- let 's not fight . fran merry Christmas . she hand he a flat , wrap package . sheldrake what be it ? he strip away the wrapping to reveal a long - play record . the cover read : rickshaw boy - Jimmy Lee kiang with orchestra . sheldrake oh. we friend from the chinese restaurant . thanks , Fran . we better keep it here . fran yeah , we better . sheldrake I have a present for you . I do not quite know what to get you -- anyway it 's a little awkward for I , shopping -- ( he have take out a money clip , detach a bill ) -- so here 's a hundred dollar -- go out and buy yourself something . he hold the money out , but she do not move . sheldrake slip the bill into she open bag . sheldrake they have some nice alligator bag at bergdorf 's -- Fran get up slowly and start peel off she glove . sheldrake look at she , then glance nervously at he wrist watch . sheldrake Fran , it 's a quarter to seven -- and I must not miss the train -- if we have not waste all that time -- I have to get home and trim the tree -- Fran have start to remove she coat . fran okay . ( shrug the coat back on ) I just think as long as it be pay for -- sheldrake ( a angry step toward she ) do not ever talk like that , Fran ! do not make yourself out to be cheap . fran a hundred dollar ? I would not call that cheap . and you must be pay somebody something for the use of the apartment -- sheldrake ( grab she arm ) stop that , Fran . fran ( quietly ) you will miss you train , Jeff . sheldrake hurriedly put on he hat and coat , gather up he package . sheldrake come ? fran you run along -- I want to fix my face . sheldrake ( head for the door ) do not forget to kill the light . see you Monday . fran sure . Monday and Thursday -- and Monday again -- and Thursday again -- sheldrake ( that stop he in the half - open door ) it will not always be like this . ( come back ) I love you , Fran . holding the package to one side , he try to kiss she on the mouth . fran ( turn she head ) careful -- lipstick . he kiss she on the cheek , hurry out of the apartment , close the door . Fran stand there for a while , blink back tear , then take the long - play record out of its envelope , cross to the phonograph . she put the record on , start the machine -- the music be jealous lover . as it play , Fran wander aimlessly around the darken room , she body wrack by sob . finally she regains control of herself , and pick up she handbag , start through the bedroom toward the bathroom . in the bathroom , Fran switch on the light , put she bag on the sink , turn on the faucet . scoop up some water , she wash the smear mascara away , then turn the faucet off , pick up a towel as she be drying she face , she notice in the pull - away shave mirror the magnify reflection of a vial of pill on the medicine shelf . Fran reach out for the vial , turn it slowly around in she hand . the label read : seconal - one at bedtime as need for sleep . Fran study the label for a second , then return the vial to the shelf . she open she handbag , take out a lipstick . as she do so , she see the hundred dollar bill sheldrake leave in the bag . her eye wander back to the vial on the medicine shelf . then very deliberately she pick up Bud 's mouthwash glass , remove the two toothbrush from it , turn on the faucet , start fill the glass with water . dissolve to : int . cheap bar - columbus avenue - night the joint be desert now except for the Santa Claus , who be lean against the bar , quite load , and Bud and margie macdougall , who be dance to a slow blue come from the juke box . Bud be still in he overcoat and bowler , and margie be wear she fur coat . the bartender be sweeping up the place . bartender ( to Santa Claus ) drink up , pop . it 's close time . santa claus but it 's early , Charlie . bartender do not you know what night this be ? santa claus I know , Charlie . I know . I work for the outfit . he polish off he drink , walk out unsteadily . the bartender approach the dancer . bartender hey , knock it off , will you ? go home . Bud and margie ignore he , continue dance -- or rather sway limply cheek - to-cheek . the bartender cross to the juke box , pull the plug out . the music stop , but not Bud and margie -- they continue dance . bartender o-u-t -- out ! he go to the front of the bar , start to extinguish the light . margie pick up she handbag from the bar , and Bud downs the remain of he drink . margie where do we go -- my place or yours ? bud ( peer at he watch ) might as well go to mine -- everybody else do . he lead she through the dark bar toward the entrance . the bartender hold the door open for they as they go out . dissolve to : ext . brownstone house - night Bud and margie come walk down the street . as they reach the house , Bud start up the step , but margie continue along the sidewalk . margie poor mickey -- when I think of he all by himself in that jail in Havana -- ( open she handbag ) -- want to see he picture ? bud ( from step ) not particularly . margie , realize she mistake , hurry back to join he . margie he 's so cute -- five - foot -two -- ninety - nine pound ... like a little chihuahua . they pass through the front door into the vestibule . int . staircase - brownstone house - night Bud and margie be mount the stair toward the apartment . margie can I ask you a personal question ? bud no . margie you get a girl - friend ? bud she may be a girl -- but she 's no friend of mine . margie still stick on she , huh . bud stuck on she ! obviously , you do not know I very well . margie I do not know you at all . bud permit I -- C.C. baxter -- junior executive , Arthur Murray graduate , lover . margie I be Mrs. macdougall -- margie to you . Bud have take the key out of he pocket , open the door to he apartment . bud this way , Mrs. macdougall . he usher she in . int . apartment - night it be exactly the way we leave it . there be no sign of Fran , except for the glove she drop on the coffee table earlier . Bud switch on the light , shut the door . margie ( look around ) say , this be snugsville . bud ( help she out of she coat ) Mrs. macdougall , I think it be only fair to warn you that you be now alone with a notorious sexpot . margie ( a gleam ) no kid . bud ask anybody around here . as a matter of fact , when it 's time for I to go -- and I may go just like that -- ( snap he finger ) -- I have promise my body to the Columbia Medical Center . margie ( shudder deliciously ) gee . sort of give you goose - bump just to think about it . bud well , they have not get I yet , baby . dig up some ice from the kitchen and let 's not waste any time -- preliminary - wise . margie I be with you , lover . she take the bowl of melt ice Bud have hand she , disappear into the kitchen . as Bud start to remove he coat , he become aware of a scratch noise from the phonograph . he cross to it , see that the needle be stick in the last groove of a long - play record . Bud lift the record off , examine it curiously , then put it aside and substitute the cha cha record . as the music start , he dance over to the coat-rack beside the door , hang up he chesterfield and bowler . he turn back into the room , still dance , suddenly spot Fran 's glove on the coffee table . he pick up the glove , look around for some convenient place to get rid of they . move over to the bedroom door , he open it , toss the glove toward the bed inside . he shut the door , start to turn away , freeze in a delay reaction to something he see inside . he quickly open the door again , look . sprawle across the bed , on top of the bedspread , be Fran . the light from the bathroom fall across she . she be fully dress , still in she coat , and apparently asleep . Bud step into the bedroom , close the door behind he , walk over to Fran . bud all right , miss kubelik -- get up . it 's past check - out time , and the hotel management would appreciate it if you would get the hell out of here . ( Fran do not stir ) look , miss kubelik , I use to like you -- I use to like you a lot -- but it 's all over between we -- so beat it -- o-u-t -- out ! ( no reaction ; he put a hand on she shoulder , shake she ) come on -- wake up ! she do not respond . but something fall out of she hand , roll across the bed . Bud pick it up , look at it -- it be he sleep - pill vial , now uncapped and empty . bud ( a hoarse whisper ) oh , my God . for a second he be paralyze . then he drop the vial , grab Fran , lift she into a sit position on the bed , shake she violently . bud miss kubelik ! miss kubelik ! Fran 's head droops to one side , like a rag doll 's . Bud let go of she , rush out . in the live room , the phonograph be still cha cha-ing away . Bud dash to the phone , pick it up . then it occur to he that he do not know whom to call and he hang up . out of the kitchen come margie , with a bowlful of ice cube . margie I break a nail try to get the ice - tray out . you ought to buy yourself a new refrigerator . Bud , not listen , run past she to the hall door and out . margie ( call after he ) I do not mean right now . int . second floor landing - night Bud arrive at the door of the dreyfuss apartment , start ringing the doorbell and pound with he fist . bud Dr. dreyfuss ! hey , Doc ! the door open , and Dr. dreyfuss stand there sleepily , pull on he beat bathrobe . bud ( word tumble over each other ) there 's a girl in my place -- she take some sleep pill -- you better come quick -- I can not wake she up . dr . dreyfuss let I get my bag . he disappear from the doorway . bud hurry up , doc. Bud turn and run back into he apartment . int . apartment - night margie have settle herself comfortably on the couch , and be fix the drink . the cha cha music be still go . Bud come fly in , head for the bedroom . margie hey -- over here , lover . Bud stop in he track , suddenly aware of she . margie what 's all this run around ? you be go to wear yourself out . Bud stride over to she purposefully , yank she up to she foot . margie not so rough , honey . bud ( take the glass out of she hand ) good night . margie good night ? bud ( thrust the fur coat at she ) the party 's over . margie what 's the matter ? do I do something wrong ? bud ( ease she toward door ) it 's a emergency -- see you some other time . Dr. dreyfuss come hurry in , carry he medical bag . he stop , bewilder by the sound of music and the sight of a wide -awake girl in the apartment . bud not this one -- ( point to the bedroom ) -- in there , doc. Dr. dreyfuss proceed into the bedroom . margie say , what 's go on here , anyway ? bud nothing . ( propelling she toward the door ) just clear out , will you ? margie ( point back ) my shoe . Bud reach under the coffee table , where she leave she shoe , retrieve they . margie ( bitterly ) some lover you be . some sexpot ! Bud shove the shoe at she , take a bill out of he wallet , hand it to she . bud here -- find yourself a phone booth and call you husband in Havana . margie you bet I will . and when I tell he how you treat I , he will push you face in . ( he shove she through the open door ) you fink ! Bud slam the door shut , start toward the bedroom . halfway there , he become aware that the cha cha record be still on . he detour to the phonograph , switch it off , continue into the bedroom . in the bedroom , the overhead light be on , and Dr. dreyfuss be work on the unconscious Fran . he have remove she coat , and be shine a flashlight into she eye , examine she pupil . Bud approach the bed worriedly . bud she go to be all right , Doc ? dr . dreyfuss how many pill be in that bottle ? bud it be half - full -- about a dozen or so . you go to have to take she to the hospital ? Dr. dreyfuss ignore he . out of he medical bag , he take a stomach tube with a rubber funnel at the end . then he start to lift Fran off the bed . dr . dreyfuss help I , will you ? between they , they get Fran into a upright position . dr . dreyfuss into the bathroom . they half - carry , half - drag Fran 's limp form toward the bathroom . bud what be you go to do , Doc ? dr . dreyfuss get that stuff out of she stomach -- if it be not too late . you better put some coffee on -- and pray . Bud start away as Dr. dreyfuss take Fran into the bathroom . Bud lose no time get into the kitchen . he fill a aluminum kettle with water , strike a match , light the gas burner , put the kettle on . then he take a jar of instant coffee and a chip coffee mug out of the cupboard , shake a excessive portion of coffee into the mug , stick a spoon in it . he watch the kettle for a moment , mop he brow with a handkerchief , then start back toward the bedroom . Bud cross the bedroom to the half - open door of the bathroom , look in anxiously . from inside come the sound of a cough spasm and run water . Bud turn away , undoe he tie and collar , pace the bedroom floor . something on the night table attract he attention -- rest against the base of the lamp be a seal envelope . Bud pick it up -- on it , in Fran 's handwrite , be one word , jeff . he turn the letter over in he hand , try to decide what to do with it . Dr. dreyfuss emerge from the bathroom , carry a pale , still unconscious Fran . Bud quickly conceal the suicide note behind he back . dr . dreyfuss bring my bag . he lug Fran into the live room . Bud stashes the letter in he back pocket , pick up the medical bag , follow they . in the live room , Dr. dreyfuss lower Fran into a chair . her chin fall to she chest . dreyfuss take the bag from Bud , fish out a hypodermic syringe , draw 2 c.c. 's from a bottle of picrotoxin . dr . dreyfuss Roll up she right sleeve . Bud do so . Dr. dreyfuss hand the hypodermic to Bud , search for a spot for the injection . dr . dreyfuss Nice vein . he swab the spot with alcohol , take the hypodermic back from Bud . dr . dreyfuss want to tell I what happen ? bud I do not know -- I mean -- I be not here -- you see -- we have some word earlier -- nothing serious , really -- what you might call a lover ' quarrel -- dr . dreyfuss ( make off - scene injection ) so you go right out and pick yourself up another dame . bud something like that . dr . dreyfuss you know , baxter , you be a real cutie-pie -- yes , you be . Bud just stand there , take it . Fran stir slightly , and from she parched lip come a low moan . Dr. dreyfuss grab she by the hair , lift she head up . dr . dreyfuss if you would come home half a hour later , you would have have quite a Christmas present . with he free hand , Dr. dreyfuss slap Fran viciously across the face . Bud wince . dreyfuss , still hold Fran by the hair , take a box of ammonia ampule out of he bag . he crush one of the ampule in he hand , pass it under she nose . Fran try to turn she head away . dreyfuss slap she again , hard , crush another ampule , repeat the process . Bud be watch tensely . from the kitchen come the whistle of the boil kettle , but Bud pay no attention . dr . dreyfuss get the coffee . Bud hurry into the kitchen . he turn off the gas , pour the boil water into the mug with the instant coffee , stir it . from off , come the sound of more slapping and some moan . Bud carry the coffee out . in the live room , Dr. dreyfuss be work another ammonia ampule under Fran 's nose . her eye start flutter . dreyfuss take the coffee mug from Bud , force it between Fran 's lip , pour coffee into she mouth . Fran resist instinctively , half the coffee dribble over she chin and dress , but Dr. dreyfuss keep at it . dr . dreyfuss let 's get some air in here . open the window . Bud comply promptly -- pull up the shade , open the window wide . dr . dreyfuss ( put the empty mug down ) what 's she name ? bud miss kubelik -- fran. dr . dreyfuss ( to Fran , slowly ) Fran , I be a doctor . I be here because you take too many sleep pill . do you understand what I be say ? ( Fran mutter something ) Fran , I be Dr. dreyfuss -- I be here to help you . you take all that sleep pill -- remember ? fran ( mumble groggily ) sleep pill . dr . dreyfuss that 's right , Fran . and I be a doctor . fran Doctor . dr . dreyfuss Dr. dreyfuss . fran dreyfuss . dr . dreyfuss ( to Bud ) get more coffee . Bud pick up the mug , leave . dr . dreyfuss ( to Fran ) tell I again -- what 's my name ? fran Dr. dreyfuss . dr . dreyfuss and what happen to you ? fran I take sleep pill . dr . dreyfuss do you know where you be , Fran ? fran ( look around blankly ) no . dr . dreyfuss yes , you do . now concentrate . fran I do not know . Bud be come back with the coffee . dr . dreyfuss ( point to Bud ) do you know who this be ? ( Fran try to focus ) look at he . fran Mr. baxter -- nineteenth floor . bud hello , miss kubelik . dr . dreyfuss ( to Bud ) mister -- miss -- such politeness ! bud ( to Dr. dreyfuss , discreetly ) well -- we work in the same building -- and we try to keep it quiet -- fran ( to Bud , puzzle ) what be you do here ? Bud throw Dr. dreyfuss a look , as if to say that Fran 's mind still be not function properly . bud ( to Fran ) do not you remember ? we be at the office party together -- fran oh , yes -- office party -- miss Olsen -- bud that 's right . ( to Dr. dreyfuss ; improvise rapidly ) I tell you we have a fight -- that 's what it be about -- miss Olsen -- you know that other girl you see -- fran ( still try to figure out Bud 's presence ) I do not understand -- bud it 's not important , Fran -- the main thing be that I get here in time -- and you be go to be all right -- ( to Dr. dreyfuss ) -- be not she , Doc ? fran ( close she eye ) I be so tired -- dr . dreyfuss here -- drink this . he force she to swallow some coffee . fran ( push the mug away ) please -- just let I sleep . dr . dreyfuss you can not sleep . ( shaking she ) come on , Fran -- open you eye . ( to Bud ) let 's get she walk . we have get to keep she awake for the next couple of hour . they lift she from the chair , and each drape one of she arm over he shoulder , they start to walk she up and down the room . dr . dreyfuss ( urging Fran on ) now walk , Fran . one , two , three , four -- one , two , three , four -- that 's the idea -- leave , right , leave , right -- now we turn -- one , two , three , four -- at first , Fran 's foot just drag along the floor between they . but gradually , as Dr. dreyfuss ' voice continue dron hypnotically , she fall into the rhythm of it , repeat the word after he and put she weight on she foot . dr . dreyfuss Left , right , leave , right -- walk , walk , walk -- one , two , three , four -- turn -- leave , right , leave , right -- now you get it -- dissolve to : int . the apartment - dawn through the bedroom window come the first faint light of dawn . Fran have be put to bed by a exhaust Dr. dreyfuss . she be in she slip , and dreyfuss be just draw the blanket over she . her eye be close , and she be moan fitfully . watch from the doorway be Bud , in shirtsleeve now , weary and dishevel . dr . dreyfuss she will sleep on and off for the next twenty - four hour . of course , she will have a dandy hangover when she wake up -- bud just as long as she 's okay . dr . dreyfuss ( massage he calve ) this case be harder on the doctor than on the patient . I ought to charge you by the mile . they have now move out into the live room , where the overhead light and the Christmas tree bulb be still on . dr . dreyfuss any of that coffee leave ? bud sure . he go into the kitchen . Dr. dreyfuss take a small notebook with a fountain pen clipped to it out of he bag , sink down on the couch . dr . dreyfuss how do you spell she last name ? bud ( from kitchen ) kubelik -- with two k' . dr . dreyfuss what 's she address ? ( no answer from Bud ) where do she live ? Bud appear from the kitchen , stir the coffee powder in a cup of hot water . bud ( apprehensive ) why do you want to know , Doc ? you do not have to report this , do you ? dr . dreyfuss it 's regulation . bud ( set the coffee down ) she do not mean it , Doc -- it be a accident -- she have a little too much to drink and -- she do not know what she be do -- there be no suicide note or anything -- believe I , Doc , I be not think about myself -- dr . dreyfuss ( sip the hot coffee ) be not you ? bud it 's just that she 's get a family -- and there 's the people in the office -- look , Doc , can not you forget you be a doctor -- let 's just say you be here as a neighbor -- dr . dreyfuss ( a long look at Bud ) well , as a doctor , I guess I can not prove it be not a accident . ( close notebook ) but as you neighbor , I would like to kick you keester clear around the block . ( indicate coffee ) mind if I cool this off ? he uncap the bottle of scotch , pour a large slug into he coffee . bud help yourself . dr . dreyfuss ( take a big gulp of the spike coffee ) I do not know what you do to that girl in there -- and do not tell I -- but it be bound to happen , the way you carry on . live now , pay later . diner 's Club ! ( another swig ) why do not you grow up , baxter ? be a mensch ! you know what that mean ? bud I be not sure . dr . dreyfuss a mansch -- a human be ! so you get off easy this time -- so you be lucky -- bud yeah , be not I ? dr . dreyfuss ( finish coffee ) but you be not out of the wood yet , baxter -- because most of they try it again ! ( pick up bag , start toward door ) you know where I be if you need I . he walk out , close the door after he . Bud dejectedly turn off the overhead light , kick out the plug of the Christmas tree light , trudge into the bedroom . Fran be fast asleep . Bud pick up she dress , get a hanger , drape the dress over it , hang it from the door . a early morning chill have invade the room , and Bud switch a the electric blanket to keep Fran warm . then he slump into a chair beside the bed , look at Fran compassionately . the light on the dial of the electric blanket glow in the grayish room . Bud just sit there , watch Fran . fade out : fade in : int . staircase - brownstone house - day Mrs. lieberman , follow by she dog , be climb the stair to Bud 's apartment , puffing asthmatically . she seem quite angry as she arrive at the door and ring the bell . there be no answer . she start knock impatiently . mrs . lieberman Mr. baxter . open up already ! finally the door open a crack , and Bud peer out . he look like a man who have sleep in he clothes -- rumple , bleary - eye , unshaven . bud oh -- Mrs. lieberman . mrs . lieberman so who do you think it be -- kris kringle ? what be go on here last night ? bud last night ? mrs . lieberman all that march -- tramp , tramp , tramp -- you be have army maneuver maybe ? bud I be sorry , Mrs. lieberman -- and I will never invite that people again . mrs . lieberman what you get from rent to bachelor . all night I do not sleep ten minute -- and I be sure you wake up Dr. dreyfuss . bud do not worry about Dr. dreyfuss -- I happen to know he be out on a case . mrs . lieberman I be warning you , Mr. baxter -- this be a respectable house , not a honky -tonky . ( to the dog ) come on , oscar . Bud watch she start down the stair with the dog , withdraw into the apartment . int . the apartment - day Bud close the door , cross toward the bedroom , look inside . Fran be asleep under the electric blanket , breathe evenly . he try to shut the bedroom door , but it will not close completely because Fran 's dress , on a hanger . be hook over the top . he go to the phone , pick it up , dial the operator . bud ( he voice low ) Operator , I want White Plains , New York -- Mr. J. D. sheldrake -- ( a add think ) -- make it person to person . int . live room - sheldrake house - day the decor be split-level early american . there be a huge Christmas tree and a jumble of present , open gift box , and discard wrapping . sheldrake and he two son , tommy and jeff jr. , be squatting on the floor , testing a cape canaveral set the kid get for Christmas . sheldrake be in a brand new dress gown , with a manufacturer 's tag still dangle from it , and the boy be in pajamas and astronaut 's helmet . as for the cape canaveral set , it be a miniature layout of block -house , launching pad , and assort space- missile . Tommy have he finger on the button control one of the rocket . sheldrake ( count down ) 7-6-5-4-3-2-1 -- let she rip ! Tommy press the button , and a spring send the rocket toward the ceiling . just then , the phone in the entrance hall start ringing . jeff JR . I will get it . he hurry to the phone . tommy hey , dad -- why do not we put a fly in the nose cone and see if we can bring it back alive ? sheldrake it 's a think . tommy maybe we should send up two fly -- and see if they will propagate in orbit . sheldrake see if they will what ? tommy propagate -- you know , multiply -- baby fly ? sheldrake oh -- oh ! jeff JR . ( come back from the phone ) it 's for you , dad . a Mr. baxter . sheldrake ( get up ) baxter ? jeff JR . person to person . sheldrake head quickly for the phone . tommy ( to Jeff Jr. ) come on -- help I round up some fly . in the entrance hall , sheldrake pick up the phone , turn he back toward the live room , speak in a low voice . sheldrake hello ? -- yes -- what 's on you mind , baxter ? bud - on phone bud I hate to disturb you , but something come up -- it 's rather important -- and I think it would be a good idea if you could see I -- at the apartment -- as soon as possible . sheldrake - on phone sheldrake you be not make sense , baxter . what 's this all about ? bud - on phone bud I do not want to tell you over the phone but that certain party -- you know who I mean -- I find she here last night -- she have take a overdose of sleep pill . sheldrake - on phone sheldrake what ? from the stairway beyond he come : mrs . sheldrake's voice what be it , Jeff ? who 's on the phone ? sheldrake turn from the phone . halfway down the stair be Mrs. sheldrake , in a quilt house - robe . sheldrake ( a nice recovery ) one of we employee have a accident -- I do not know why they bother I with this thing on Christmas Day . ( into phone ) yes , baxter -- just how serious be it ? out of the corner of he eye , he watch Mrs. sheldrake come down the stair , pass behind he on the way to the live room . bud - on phone bud well , it be touch and go there for a while -- but she 's sleep it off now . he glance through the half - open door toward the sleep Fran . bud I think maybe you would like to be here when she wake up . sheldrake - on phone sheldrake that 's impossible . ( a apprehensive look toward the live room ) you will have to handle this situation yourself -- as a matter of fact , I be count on you -- int . the apartment - day bud ( into phone ) yes , sir -- I understand . ( take Fran 's letter out of he pocket ) she leave a note -- you want I to open it and read it to you ? ( a beat ) well , it be just a suggestion -- no , you do not have to worry about that , Mr. sheldrake -- I keep you name out of it so there will be no trouble , police - wise or newspaper - wise -- as Bud continue talk on the phone , Fran , in the bedroom , open she eye , look around vaguely , try to figure out where she be . she sit up in bed , wince , hold she head in she hand -- she have a fierce hangover . bud ( into phone ) -- you see , the doctor , he 's a friend of mine -- we be very lucky in that respect -- actually , he think she 's my girl -- no , he just jump to the conclusion -- around here , I be know as quite a lady ' man -- in the bedroom Fran , become aware of Bud 's voice , crawl out of bed and hold on to the furniture , move unsteadily toward the live room door . bud ( into phone ) -- of course , we be not out of the wood yet -- sometimes they try it again -- yes sir , I will do my best -- it look like it will be a couple of day before she 's fully recover , and I may have a little problem with the landlady -- behind he , Fran appear in the bedroom doorway , barefoot and in she slip . she lean groggily against the door post , try to focus on Bud and to concentrate on what he 's say . bud ( into phone ) -- all right , Mr. sheldrake , I will keep she in my apartment as long as I can -- any sort of message you want I to give she ? -- well , I will think of something -- goodbye , Mr. sheldrake . he hang up the phone slowly . fran ( weakly ) I be sorry . Bud turn around , see she stand there on rubbery leg . fran I be sorry , Mr. baxter . bud miss kubelik -- ( hurry toward she ) -- you should not be out of bed . fran I do not know -- I have no idea this be you apartment -- bud ( put he arm around she ) let I help you . he lead she back into the bedroom . fran I be so ashamed . why do not you just let I die ? bud what kind of talk be that ? ( he lower she onto the bed ) so you get a little over - emotional -- but you be fine now . fran ( a groan ) my head -- it feel like a big wad of chew gum . what time be it ? bud two o'clock . fran ( struggle to she foot ) where 's my dress ? I have to go home . her knee buckle . Bud catch she . bud you be in no condition to go anywhere -- except back to bed . fran you do not want I here -- bud sure I do . it 's always nice to have company for Christmas . he try to put she back to bed . Fran resist . bud miss kubelik , I be stronger than you be -- fran I just want to go brush my tooth -- bud oh -- of course . I think there 's a new toothbrush somewhere . he cross to the bathroom , take a plaid robe off the hook on the back of the door , hand it to Fran . bud here -- put this on . in the bathroom , he find a unused toothbrush in a plastic container . his eye fall on he safety razor . with a glance toward the bedroom , he unscrew the razor , remove the blade , drop it in he shirt pocket . then he empty the blade from the dispenser , put that in he pocket . now he notice a bottle of iodine on the medicine shelf , stashes that in another pocket , just as Fran appear in the doorway wear the robe . bud ( hand she the toothbrush ) here . how about some breakfast ? fran no -- I do not want anything . bud I will fix you some coffee . he cross the bedroom , head for the kitchen , stop . bud oh -- we be all out of coffee -- you have quite a lot of it last night -- he think for a moment , hurry toward the hall door . int . second floor landing - day Bud come out of he apartment , leave the door half open , head for the dreyfuss apartment . he ring the bell , peer down over the banister to make sure Mrs. lieberman be not snooping around . Mrs. dreyfuss open the door . bud Mrs. dreyfuss , can I borrow some coffee -- and maybe a orange and a couple of egg ? mrs . dreyfuss ( contemptuously ) egg he ask I for . orange . what you need be a good horse - whipping . bud ma'am ? mrs . dreyfuss from I the doctor have no secret . poor girl -- how could you do a thing like that ? bud I do not really do anything -- honest -- I mean , you take a girl out a couple of time a week -- just for laugh -- and right away she think you be serious -- marriage - wise . mrs . dreyfuss Big shot ! for you , I would not lift a finger -- but for she , I will fix a little something to eat . she slam the door in he face , Bud start back to he apartment . int . the apartment - day Fran enter shakily from the bedroom , look around for the phone , locate it , pick it up . as she start dial , Bud come in from the hall . bud who be you call , miss kubelik ? fran my sister -- she will want to know what happen to I . bud ( alarmed ) wait a minute -- let 's talk this over first . ( hurry up to she , take the receiver away ) just what be you go to tell she ? fran well , I have not figure it out , exactly . bud you better figure it out -- exactly . suppose she ask you why you do not come home last night ? fran I will tell she I spend the night with a friend . bud who ? fran someone from the office . bud and where be you now ? fran in he apartment . bud his apartment ? fran I mean -- she apartment . bud what 's you friend 's name ? fran baxter . bud what 's she first name ? fran miss . ( she be impressed with she own cleverness ) bud when be you come home ? fran as soon as I can walk . bud something wrong with you leg ? fran no -- it 's my stomach . bud you stomach ? fran they have to pump it out . bud ( hang up the phone ) miss kubelik , I do not think you ought to call anybody -- not till that chew gum be out of you head . ( lead she into bedroom ) fran but they will be worried about I -- my brother - in - law may be call the police -- bud that 's why we have to be careful -- we do not want to involve anybody -- after all , Mr. sheldrake be a marry man -- fran thanks for remind I . she pull away from he , start to get into bed . bud ( contritely ) I do not mean it that way -- I be just talk to he on the phone -- he 's very concerned about you . fran he do not give a damn about I . bud oh , you be wrong . he tell I -- fran he 's a liar . but that 's not the worst part of it -- the worst part be -- I still love he . the doorbell ring . bud must be Mrs. dreyfuss -- ( start into live room ) -- remember the doctor -- from last night -- that 's he wife . he open the hall door . Mrs. dreyfuss brushes past he with a tray full of food . mrs . dreyfuss so where be the victim ? ( Bud indicate the bedroom ) Max the knife ! she sweep into the bedroom , Bud tagging along . mrs . dreyfuss ( to Fran ) nu , little lady , how be we feel today ? fran I do not know -- kind of dizzy . mrs . dreyfuss here . the best thing for dizzy be a little noodle soup with chicken -- white meat -- and a glass tea . she set the tray down on Fran 's lap . fran thank you . I be really not hungry . mrs . dreyfuss go ahead ! eat ! enjoy ! she hand she the soup spoon , turn to Bud . mrs . dreyfuss you would not have such a thing as a napkin , would you ? bud well , I have some paper towel -- mrs . dreyfuss beatnik ! go to my kitchen -- third drawer , under the good silver , there be napkin . bud yes , Mrs. dreyfuss . he start out with a worried backward glance toward the two . Fran be just sit there , the spoon in she hand , not touch the soup . mrs . dreyfuss so what be you wait for -- a sing commercial ? fran I can not eat . Mrs. dreyfuss take the spoon from she , start to feed she . mrs . dreyfuss you must eat -- and you must get healthy -- and you must forget he . such a fine boy he seem when he first move in here -- clean and cut -- a regular ivy leaguer . turn out he be King farouk . mit the drink -- mit the cha cha -- mit the no napkin . a girl like you , for the rest of you life you want to cry in you noodle soup ? who need it ! you listen to I , you find yourself a nice , substantial man -- a widower maybe -- and settle down -- instead of nash all that sleep pill -- for what , for whom ? -- for some good time Charlie ? ( see Bud approach with napkin ) sssh ! bud ( gaily ) one napkin , come up . ( hand it to Fran ) I wish we have some champagne to wrap it around . mrs . dreyfuss ( to Fran ) what do I tell you ? bud ( uncomfortable ) look , Mrs. dreyfuss , you do not have to wait around . I will wash the dish and -- mrs . dreyfuss you wash them , you break them . I will come back for they later . ( to Fran ) if he make trouble , give I a yell . she exit . fran she do not seem to like you very much . bud oh , I do not mind . as a matter of fact , I be sort of flatter -- that anybody should think a girl like you -- would do a thing like this -- over a guy like I . fran ( glance at night table ) oh. do you find something here -- a envelope -- ? bud yes , I have get it . ( take envelope out of back pocket ) do not you think we would better destroy it ? so it will not fall into the wrong hand -- ? fran open it . Bud tear open the envelope , take out sheldrake 's hundred dollar . bud there 's nothing here but a hundred dollar bill . fran that 's right . will you see that Mr. sheldrake get it ? bud ( shrugging ) sure . he put the money in he pocket . fran ( hold out tray ) here -- take this , will you ? Bud relieve she of the tray , set it down . bud you want I to move the television set in here ? ( Fran shake she head ) you play gin rummy ? fran I be not very good at it . bud I be . let I get the card . fran you do not have to entertain I . Bud open the bureau drawer , take out a deck of card , a score pad , and a pencil . bud nothing I would like better -- you know togetherness . guess what I do last Christmas . have a early dinner at the automat , then go to the zoo , then I come home and clean up after Mr. eichelberger -- he have a little eggnog party here . I be way ahead this year . he pull a chair up to the bed , start to shuffle the card . bud Three across , spade double , high deal . ( they cut ) eight -- ten . ( he start to deal ) fran ( pensively ) I think I be go to give it all up . bud give what up ? fran why do people have to love people , anyway ? bud yeah -- I know what you mean . ( flip over down card ) Queen . fran I do not want it . bud pick a card . she do , and they start play . fran what do you call it when somebody keep get smashed up in automobile accident ? bud a bad insurance risk ? fran ( nodd ) that 's I with man . I have be jinxed from the word go -- first time I be ever kiss be in a cemetery . bud a cemetery ? fran I be fifteen -- we use to go there to smoke . his name be George -- he throw I over for a drum majorette . bud gin. he spread he hand . Fran lay she card down , and Bud add they up . bud thirty -six and twenty - five -- that 's sixty - one and two box . ( enter score on pad ) fran I just have this talent for fall in love with the wrong guy in the wrong place at the wrong time . bud ( shuffle ) how many guy be there ? fran ( hold up four finger ) Three . the last one be manager of a finance company , back home in Pittsburgh -- they find a little shortage in he account , but he ask I to wait for he -- he will be out in 1965 . bud ( push the deck toward she ) cut . fran ( she do , and he start deal ) so I come to New York and move in with my sister and she husband -- he drive a cab . they send I to secretarial school , and I apply for a job with consolidate - but I flunk the type test -- bud too slow ? fran oh . I can type up a storm , but I can not spell . so they give I a pair of white glove and stick I in a elevator -- that 's how I meet Jeff -- ( she eye mist up , and she put she card down ) oh , God , I be so foule up . what be I go to do now ? bud you better win a hand -- you be on a blitz . fran be he really upset when you tell he ? bud Mr. sheldrake ? oh , yes . very . fran maybe he do love I -- only he do not have the nerve to tell he wife . bud I be sure that 's the explanation . fran you really think so ? bud no doubt about it . fran ( a thoughtful beat , then ) can I have that pad and the pencil ? bud ( hand she score pad and pencil ) what for ? fran I be go to write a letter to Mrs. sheldrake . bud you be ? fran as one woman to another -- I be sure she will understand -- bud miss kubelik , I do not think that 's such a good idea . he gently take the pad and pencil away from she . fran why not ? bud well , for one thing , you can not spell . and secondly -- if you do something like that -- you would hate yourself . fran ( fight back tear ) I do not like myself very much anyway . bud pick up you card and let 's go . fran do I have to ? bud you bet . I get a terrific hand . Fran , she eye droop sleepily , pick up she card , make a discard . bud you sure you want to throw that card ? fran sure . bud gin. he remove the card from she hand , start to add they up . bud fifty - two and twenty - five -- that 's seventy - seven -- spade be double -- a hundred and fifty - four -- and four box -- you be blitze in two game . he enter the score on the pad . as he start to shuffle again , he notice that Fran have sly down on the pillow , and that she eye be close -- she be asleep . Bud rise , adjust the blanket over she . he stand there look at she for a moment , run he hand over he chin . realizing he need a shave , he cross to the bathroom . in the bathroom , Bud wash he face , squirt some shave cream into he hand , start to apply it . ext . brownstone house - day a volkswagen draw up to the curb in front of the house . kirkeby get out on the street side , sylvia squeeze herself out through the other door . kirkeby raise the front hood of the volkswagen , reach into the luggage compartment , take out a cardboard bucket with a bottle of champagne on ice . together , he and sylvia start up the step of the house , sylvia already cha cha-ing in anticipation . int . apartment - day in the bathroom , Bud have just finish lather he face when the doorbell ring . he start into the bedroom . bud ( mutter to himself ) all right -- all right , Mrs. dreyfuss . he glance at the sleep Fran , pick up the tray , carry it into the live room , pull the bedroom door close behind he . but it do not shut completely , because of Fran 's dress hook over the top . Bud cross to the hall door , open it . outside be kirkeby , with the champagne bucket , and sylvia . kirkeby hi , baxter . bud ( block the door ) what do you want ? kirkeby what do I -- ? ( to sylvia ) just a minute . he push he way into the apartment past Bud . bud you can not come in . kirkeby ( close the door behind he ) what 's the matter with you , buddy - boy ? I make a reservation for four o'clock , remember ? he head for the coffee table , set the champagne down . Bud shoot a quick glance toward the bedroom door , get rid of the tray . bud look , you can not stay here . just take you champagne and go . kirkeby baxter , I do not want to pull rank on you -- but I tell the lady it be all set -- you want to make a liar out of I ? bud be you go to leave , Mr. kirkeby , or do I have to throw you out ? as Bud spin he around , kirkeby notice the dress on the bedroom door . kirkeby buddy -boy , why do not you say so ? ( indicate dress ) you get yourself a little playmate , huh ? bud now will you get out ? int . second floor landing - day outside the door of Bud 's apartment , sylvia be cha cha-ing impatiently . up the stair come Dr. dreyfuss , in he overcoat and carry he medical bag . sylvia ( knock on the door ) hey , come on , what be we wait for ? open up , will you ? she continue cha-cha-ing . Dr. dreyfuss have unlock the door to he apartment , and be watch sylvia , appal by the fact that baxter seem to be at it again . he start inside . dr . dreyfuss ( call ) mild -- ! he shut the door behind he . sylvia ( knock on baxter 's door ) what 's hold thing up ? int . apartment - day kirkeby look toward the door in response to sylvia 's knock . kirkeby say , why do not we have ourselves a party -- the four of we ? bud no ! he force kirkeby toward the hall door . kirkeby , glance past he through the partly - open door of the bedroom , catch sight of Fran asleep in bed . kirkeby ( grin smugly ) well , I do not blame you . so you hit the jackpot , eh kid -- I mean , kubelik-wise ? ( Bud open the door , gesture he out ) do not worry . I will not say a word to anybody . int . second floor landing - day kirkeby come back out the door of Bud 's apartment , minus the champagne bucket . kirkeby stay with it , buddy -boy ! ( Bud shut the door on he ) come on , sylvia . sylvia what give ? kirkeby a little mixup in signal . let 's go . sylvia go where ? kirkeby ( lead she toward stair ) what 's you mother do this afternoon ? sylvia she 's home -- stuff a turkey . kirkeby why do not we send she to a movie -- like ben-hur ? sylvia that 's fine . but what be we go to do about grandma and uncle herman and aunt Sophie and my two niece -- int . apartment - day Bud come into the bedroom . as he head for the bathroom , Fran stir slightly , open she eye . fran who be that ? bud just somebody deliver a bottle of champagne . like some ? fran ( shaking she head ) would you mind open the window ? she turn off the electric blanket as Bud cross to the window , push it up . then a think strike he , and he look at Fran suspiciously . bud now do not go get any idea , miss kubelik . fran I just want some fresh air . bud it 's only one story down -- the best you can do be break a leg . fran so they will shoot I -- like a horse . bud ( approach the bed ) please , miss kubelik , you get to promise I you will not do anything foolish . fran who would care ? bud I would . fran ( sleepily ) why can not I ever fall in love with somebody nice like you ? bud ( ruefully ) yeah . well -- that 's the way it crumble , cookie-wise . go to sleep . Fran close she eye . Bud return to the bathroom , pick up he razor , start to shave . but something seem to be wrong with the razor -- and unscrew it , he realize that there be no blade . sheepishly , he take out the blade he hide in he shirt pocket , insert it in he razor , screw it shut . then he resume shave . fade out : fade in : int . sheldrake's anteroom - day it be the morning after Christmas , and miss Olsen and the other girl be just settling down to work . sheldrake , in hat and coat , approach from the elevator , come through the glass door . secretary ( ad lib ) good morning , Mr. sheldrake . sheldrake ( ignore they ) miss Olsen , will you come into my office , please ? he stride into the inner office . miss Olsen pick up she stenographic pad , follow he in . int . sheldrake's office - day sheldrake be remove he hat and coat as miss Olsen come in , shut the door behind she . miss olsen do you have a nice Christmas ? sheldrake Lovely . you be a big help . miss olsen I ? sheldrake thank you for give that little pep talk to miss kubelik at the office party . miss olsen ( drop she business - like mask ) I be sorry , Jeff . you know I could never hold my liquor -- sheldrake but I think you could hold you tongue . miss olsen it will not happen again . sheldrake you bet it will not . I will arrange for you to get a month 's severance pay -- ( she look at he , uncomprehend ) that 's right , miss Olsen . I be let you go . miss olsen ( quietly ) you let I go four year ago , Jeff . only you be cruel enough to make I sit out there and watch the new model pass by . sheldrake I would appreciate it if you would be out of here as soon as you can . miss olsen ( formal again ) yes , Mr. sheldrake . she turn and walk out of the office , shutting the door . sheldrake look after she for a moment , then go to he desk , pick up the phone , dial the operator . sheldrake ( into phone ) this be Mr. sheldrake . I would like Mr. baxter 's home telephone number -- that 's C.C. baxter , in ordinary premium account -- int . sheldrake's anteroom - day miss Olsen have put on she coat , and be go through she desk drawer , clean out she personal belonging -- nail polish , emery board , a extra pair of glass , etc . as she stow they away in she handbag , one of the button on the telephone light up . miss Olsen hesitates for a second , then with a quick look around , she push the button down , carefully pick up the receiver , listen in . int . sheldrake's office - day sheldrake be dial the last two digit of a telephone number . after a moment , someone answer . sheldrake hello , baxter ? Jeff sheldrake . can you talk ? int . the apartment - day Bud , wear slack , a shirt open at the neck , and a cardigan sweater , be at the phone . a pillow and a blanket on the live room couch indicate where he spend the night . bud ( look off ) yes , she 's in the shower -- she 's come along fine , consider . sheldrake - on phone sheldrake good . be there anything you need -- money -- ? bud - on phone bud no , thank you , Mr. sheldrake . as a matter of fact , I have get some money for you -- a hundred dollar -- sheldrake - on phone sheldrake oh. ( a beat ) well , if there 's anything I can do for you -- bud - on phone bud for I ? I do not think so . but I be hope maybe you could do something for she -- sheldrake - on phone sheldrake like what ? put yourself in my place , baxter -- how can I help she -- my hand be tie -- int . apartment - day Fran now appear in the bedroom , wear the plaid robe , and toweling she damp hair . bud ( into phone ) well , at least you can talk to she -- let I put she on -- and please be gentle -- he put the receiver down , cross toward the bedroom door . bud there 's a call for you -- fran ( approach ) for I ? bud -- Mr. sheldrake . fran I do not want to talk to he . bud I think you should . I have to run down to the grocery anyway -- all that 's leave around here be one freeze pizza -- ( take raincoat and old hat from hanger ) I will be right back -- okay ? Fran nod , watch he go out . then she glance toward the phone , which be off the hook . reluctantly she advance toward it , pick it up . fran ( into phone ) hello , Jeff . ( a long beat ) yes , I be all right . sheldrake - on phone sheldrake Fran , why do you do it ? it 's so childish -- and it never solve anything -- I ought to be very angry with you , scare I like that -- but let 's forget the whole thing -- pretend it never happen -- what do you say , Fran ? ( no answer ) Fran -- int . sheldrake's anteroom miss Olsen , glue to the phone , be listen intently . sheldrake - on phone sheldrake be you there , Fran ? fran - on phone fran of course I be not here -- because the whole thing never happen -- I never take that pill -- I never love you -- we never even meet -- be not that the way you want it ? sheldrake - on phone sheldrake there you go again -- you know I do not mean it that way , Fran . just get well -- do what the nurse tell you -- I mean baxter -- and I will see you as soon as I can . bye , Fran . ( he hang up ) int . sheldrake's anteroom - day miss Olsen hang up the phone , sit there for a moment , weigh what she have overhear . then she make a decision , pick up the phone again , dial a number . as she wait for a answer , she glance toward sheldrake 's office . miss olsen ( into phone ) hello , Mrs. sheldrake ? this be miss Olsen -- fine , thank you -- Mrs. sheldrake , I be wonder if we could have lunch together ? -- well , I do not know how important it be , but I think you might find it educational -- it concern you husband -- all right , one o'clock , at longchamp 's , madison and 59th . she look up as the door to the inner office open and sheldrake come out . he stop when he see that miss Olsen be still there . miss olsen ( hang up phone ) do not worry , I be on my way . ( she rise ) I be just make a personal call . she open she handbag , take out a coin , put it down on the desk . miss olsen here 's a dime . she march out through the glass door toward the elevator as sheldrake stand there , watch she . dissolve to : ext . brownstone house - day Bud come down the street , carry a large brown paper bag overflow with grocery . he go up the step of the house and through the front door . int . staircase and second floor landing - day as Bud start up the stair , with the grocery , Mrs. lieberman come hurry down toward he . mrs . lieberman ( breathlessly ) oh , Mr. baxter -- I be glad you be here -- I be just go to get the passkey . bud what for ? mrs . lieberman I think I smell gas come from you apartment . bud Gas ? he race up the stair two at a time , fumble frantically for he key . reaching the door of he apartment , he unlock it , dash in . int . the apartment - day Bud come burst through the door . the live room be empty , and the bedclothes have be remove from the couch . bud ( call ) miss kubelik ! he dump the bag of grocery on a table , rush into the kitchen . the burner have be turn on under the kettle , but there be no flame , and gas be hiss from the vent . Bud snap it off , start out again . bud miss kubelik ! meanwhile Fran have appear from the bathroom , and be approach the bedroom door . she be still in she robe , and be hold a double sock - stretcher with one of Bud 's sock on it . Bud , round the corner from the kitchen at full speed , collide with Fran in the bedroom doorway . he grab she arm with obvious relief . bud be you all right ? fran sure . ( sniff ) what 's that funny smell ? bud Gas . ( indicate kitchen ) do not you turn it on ? fran yes . I be boil some water to get the coffee stain out of my dress . bud ( accusingly ) you turn it on -- but you do not light it . fran be you suppose to ? bud in this house , you be suppose to . fran oh. Bud start to take off he hat and coat , notice the sock - stretcher in she hand . bud what be you do with that ? fran I be wash my stocking , so I decide I might as well do you sock . bud thank you . fran it 's very curious -- I could only find three and a half pair . bud well , thing be a little disorganize around here . he carry the bag of grocery into the kitchen , Fran trail after he . during the follow , he remove the content of the bag -- bread , egg , bacon , spaghetti , ground round , frankfurters , and assort can goods -- set they out on the drainboard . fran I would say . what 's a tennis racquet do in the kitchen ? she produce the racquet from behind the stove . bud tennis racquet ? oh , I remember -- I be cooking myself a italian dinner . ( Fran look at he oddly ) I use it to strain the spaghetti . fran ( think it over ) why not ? bud as a matter of fact , I be a pretty good cook -- but I be a lousy housekeeper . fran yes , you be , ( indicate the live room ) when I be straighten up the couch , you know what I find ? six hairpin , a lipstick , a pair of false eyelash , and a swizzle stick from the stork Club . bud ( shrugging ) it 's just that I be the kind of guy who can not say no -- I do not mean to girl -- I mean -- fran you mean to someone like Mr. sheldrake . bud I guess so . fran I know so . he 's a taker . bud a what ? fran some people take , some people get take -- and they know they be get take -- and there 's nothing they can do about it . bud I would not say that -- ( try to change the subject ) what would you like to have for diner ? there 's onion soup and can asparagus -- fran I really ought to be get home . my family will be flipping by now . she start into the live room . Bud follow she . bud you can not leave yet . the doctor say it take forty - eight hour to get the stuff out of you system . fran ( wistfully ) I wonder how long it take to get someone you be stick on out of you system ? if they would only invent some kind of a pump for that -- she sit on the arm of a chair . bud I know how you feel , miss kubelik . you think it 's the end of the world -- but it 's not , really . I go through exactly the same thing myself . fran you do ? bud well , maybe not exactly -- I try to do it with a gun . fran over a girl ? bud worse than that -- she be the wife of my best friend -- and I be mad for she . but I know it be hopeless -- so I decide to end it all . I go to a pawnshop and buy a forty - five automatic and drive up to eden Park -- do you know Cincinnati ? fran no , I do not . bud anyway , I park the car and load the gun -- well , you read in the papers all the time that people shoot themselves , but believe I , it 's not that easy -- I mean , how do you do it ? -- here , or here , or here -- ( with cocked finger , he point to he temple , mouth and chest ) -- you know where I finally shot myself ? fran where ? bud ( indicate kneecap ) here . fran in the knee ? bud uh-huh . while I be sit there , try to make my mind up , a cop stick he head in the car , because I be illegally park -- so I start to hide the gun under the seat and it go off -- pow ! fran ( laugh ) that 's terrible . bud yeah . take I a year before I could bend my knee -- but I get over the girl in three week . she still life in Cincinnati , have four kid , gain twenty pound -- she send I a fruit cake every Christmas . fran ( suddenly suspicious ) be you just make that up to make I feel better ? bud of course not . here 's the fruit cake . ( show it to she under Christmas tree ) and you want to see my knee ? ( start to raise pant - leg ) fran no , thanks . the fellow in the office may get the wrong idea how I find out . bud so let them . look , I be go to cook dinner for we . we will have the fruit cake for dessert . you just sit there and rest . you have do enough for one day . fran ( smile ) yes , nurse . Bud start happily into the kitchen . dissolve to : int . lobby insurance build - day it be mid-afternoon , and traffic be light . a yellow cab have pull up in front of the entrance , and the driver , a stockily - build young man in a leather jacket and cap , get out and come through the revolve door into the lobby . his name be karl matuschka , and he be Fran 's brother - in- law . as he case the elevator , the starter come up to he . elevator starter can I help you ? matuschka I be look for one of the elevator girl -- miss kubelik . elevator starter so be I . she do not report this morning . matuschka she do not . where can I get some information -- who 's in charge here ? elevator starter that come under General Office administration . see Mr. dobisch , twenty - first floor . matuschka thanks . he step into a elevator , the door of which be just close . int . dobischas office - day dobisch be sit behind he desk , lighting a cigar . kirkeby , who have drop in for a little visit , be perch on the edge of the desk . kirkeby -- so yesterday afternoon I take sylvia up to the apartment , and guess who he 's get stashed away in the bedroom ? dobisch who ? kirkeby kubelik . dobisch no kid . buddy - boy and kubelik have themselves a little toot ! kirkeby toot ? it 's more like a lose weekend . neither of they show up for work today . dobisch a.w.o.l.? kirkeby what gripe I be the two of they be guzzle my champagne while sylvia and I wound up at the guggenheim Museum . the glass door open and matuschka come in . matuschka Mr. dobisch ? dobisch yeah . matuschka my name be Karl matuschka -- my sister - in - law , she run one of the elevator here -- Fran kubelik . kirkeby ( exchange a glance with dobisch ) miss kubelik ? matuschka you know she ? dobisch of course . there may be a lot of employee here -- but we be one big happy family . matuschka well , she life with we -- and my wife , she 's get a little nervous -- on account of Fran have not be home for two day . kirkeby ( another look at dobisch ) that so . matuschka anyway , we be wonder if somebody in the office would know what happen to she . dobisch I see . ( to kirkeby ) what do you think , Al ? can we help the man ? kirkeby ( after a pregnant pause ) why not ? we do not owe buddy -boy anything . dobisch yeah . what 's buddy - boy do for we lately ? matuschka ( scowling ) who be buddy -boy ? dissolve to : int . the apartment - evening buddy -boy be bend over a hot stove , prepare a italian dinner . he take a saucepan of spaghetti off the fire , and pick up the tennis racquet with the other hand , pour the spaghetti on top of the racquet string . then he turn on the faucet , run water over the spaghetti . with the combine technique of brillat - savarin and pancho Gonzales , he gently agitate the racquet , let the water drain off the spaghetti . as he work , he hum a theme from tschaikowsky 's capriccio italien . Fran walk in , still in she robe . fran be we dress for dinner ? bud no -- just come as you be . fran ( watch he ) say , you be pretty good with that racquet . bud you ought to see my backhand . ( dump spaghetti into platter ) and wait till I serve the meatball . ( demonstrate ) fran shall I light the candle ? bud it 's a must -- gracious - live - wise . as Fran start into the live room , Bud begin to ladle meat sauce onto the spaghetti , hum operatically . in the live room , the small table have be set for two , and prominent on it be the champagne bottle that Mr. kirkeby leave behind , still in its cardboard bucket , but freshly iced . as Fran light the candle , she notice the napkin on the table , peel a price - tag off the corner of one of they . fran I see you buy some napkin . bud might as well go all the way . he carry the platter of spaghetti and meat sauce in from the kitchen , set it on the table , sprinkle some cheese on it . then he cross to the coffee table , where a full martini pitcher stand in readiness , fill a couple of glass . Fran seat herself at the table . bud you know , I use to live like Robinson crusoe -- shipwreck among eight million people . then one day I see a footprint in the sand -- and there you be -- ( hand she martini ) it 's a wonderful thing -- dinner for two . fran you usually eat alone ? bud oh , no . sometimes I have dinner with Ed Sullivan , sometimes with dinah shore or perry como -- the other night I have dinner with mae West -- of course , she be much young then . ( toast ) cheer . fran cheer . they drink . bud you know what we be go to do after dinner ? fran the dish ? bud I mean , after that ? fran what ? bud you do not have to if you do not want to -- fran I do not ? bud we be go to finish that gin game . fran oh. bud so I want you to keep a clear head . the door bell ring . carry he martini glass , Bud cross to the door , start to open it . bud because I do not want to take advantage of you -- the way I do yesterday in bed . by now the door be open , and Bud be speak to Fran over he shoulder . he turn , find himself face to face with Karl matuschka , who be stand grimly in the doorway . matuschka baxter ? bud yes ? matuschka shove he roughly aside , stride past he toward Fran , who have rise to she foot . matuschka what 's with you , Fran -- do you forget where you live ? fran ( to Bud ) this be my brother - in - law , Karl matuschka . bud ( friendly ) how do you do , Mr. matuschka ? matuschka ( push Bud away ; to Fran ) okay , get you clothes on . I get the cab downstairs . bud now , wait a minute . I know what you be think -- but it 's not as bad as it look -- matuschka ( shove he away ) it 's none of my business what you do , Fran -- you be over twenty - one -- but you sister happen to think you be a lady . bud all we be go to do be eat and wash the dish -- matuschka ( grab he ) look , buddy -boy -- if there be not a lady present , I would clobber you . fran ( separate they ) all right , Karl -- I will get dress . she exit into the bedroom , remove she dress from the door , and close it . matuschka lean against the wall beside the hall door , eyeing Bud truculently . Bud raise a finger to remonstrate with he -- then break into a nervous , ingratiate smile . bud Care for a martini ? Champagne ? ( matuschka continue glaring at he ) how about a little spaghetti with meat sauce ? make it myself . ( matuschka just scowl ) you sister - in - law sure be terrific -- ( realize he mistake ; switch abruptly ) must be murder drive a cab in New York -- I mean , with all that cross-town traffic -- he gesture with the martini glass , spilling the content over he shirtfront . through the partly open hall door , Dr. dreyfuss stick he head in . dr . dreyfuss hi , baxter . he step into the apartment , pass matuschka without see he . dr . dreyfuss how 's the patient ? bud ( quickly ) oh , I be fine , doc. dr . dreyfuss not you -- miss kubelik . matuschka ( step forward ) what 's the matter with miss kubelik ? bud oh , this be Mr. matuschka -- he 's miss kubelik 's -- he 's get a cab downstairs -- matuschka ( to dreyfuss ) Fran be sick or something ? Dr. dreyfuss look at Bud . bud no , no -- just have a little accident . matuschka ( to dreyfuss ) what do he mean , accident ? dr . dreyfuss well , this thing happen all the time -- matuschka what thing ? ( grab dreyfuss ) say , what kind of doctor be you , anyway ? bud ( hastily ) oh , not that kind . he just give she a shot and pump she stomach out -- behind they , the bedroom door have open , and Fran come out , wear she coat over she dress . matuschka what for ? fran ( come up ) because I take some sleep pill . but I be all right now -- so let 's go . matuschka why do you take sleep pill ? bud ( promptly ) on account of I . matuschka ( whirling on he ) you ? bud who else ? matuschka lash out with a leave to Bud 's jaw , and while he be off balance , catch he with a right to the eye . Bud fall back against the Christmas tree , which topple with a crash . Fran pull matuschka away from he . fran leave he alone , Karl . she kneel beside Bud . fran ( tenderly ) you fool -- you damn fool . matuschka come on , Fran . fran Goodbye , Mr. baxter . she kiss he on the cheek , rise , start toward the door . fran Goodbye , doctor . she follow matuschka out . Bud look after she , starry - eye . dr . dreyfuss I do not want to gloat , but just between we , you have that come to you . ( tilt Bud 's chin up , examine he eye ) tch , tch , tch . be you go to have a shiner tomorrow . let I get my bag . ( he start out ) bud ( call after he ) do not bother , Doc . it do not hurt a bit . he be on cloud nine . fade out : fade in : int . nineteenth floor - day Bud be come from the elevator toward he office . he be wear he chesterfield , bowler , and a pair of dark glass . he open the office door , start in . int . bud office - day Bud cross directly to the phone , remove he glass revealing a swollen leave eye . he dial a number . bud ( into phone ) Mr. sheldrake 's office ? this be C.C. baxter . would you please tell Mr. sheldrake I would like to come up and see he ? it 's rather important . will you call I back , please ? he hang up , take off he hat and coat , deposit they on the clothes - tree . then he pace around the office , rehearse a speech out loud . bud Mr. sheldrake , I have get good news for you . all you trouble be over . I be go to take miss kubelik off you hand . ( nod to himself with satisfaction ) the plain fact be , Mr. sheldrake , that I love she . I have not tell she yet , but I think you should be the first to know . after all , you do not really want she , and I do , and although it may sound presumptuous , she need somebody like I . so I think it would be the thing all around -- ( the phone ring and he pick it up ) -- solution -wise . ( into phone ) yes ? I will be right up . he hang up , cross to the door , open it . bud ( to himself ) Mr. sheldrake , I have get good news for you -- put on he dark glass , he head for the elevator , still talk to himself . int . nineteenth floor - day kirkeby and dobisch be just step out of a elevator when Bud approach . they grin smugly when they see that he be wear dark glass . kirkeby hi , buddy -boy . what happen to you ? dobisch hit by a swinging door ? or maybe a yellow cab ? Bud pay no attention , walk right past they into the elevator , still mutter to himself . the door close . kirkeby ( as they move away from the elevator ) that guy really must have belt he . dobisch yeah , he 's punchy . talk to himself . int . twenty -seventh floor foyer - day the elevator door open . elevator operator twenty -seven . Bud step out . as he head for sheldrake 's office , he continue rehearse he speech . bud you see , Mr. sheldrake , that two day she spend in the apartment -- it make I realize how lonely I would be before . but thanks to you , I be in a financial position to marry she -- if I can ever square thing with she family . he open the door to sheldrake 's anteroom . int . sheldrake's office - day sheldrake be pace in front of he desk . a couple of suitcase be stand in a corner of the room . the intercom buzze , and sheldrake press the lever down . secretary's voice Mr. baxter be here . sheldrake send he in . a beat , then the door open , and Bud march in determinedly . bud Mr. sheldrake , I have get good news for you -- sheldrake and I have get good news for you , baxter . all you trouble be over . bud ( reacting to the echo ) Sir ? sheldrake I know how worried you be about miss kubelik -- well , stop worry -- I be go to take she off you hand . bud ( stunne ) you be go to take she off my hand ? sheldrake that 's right . ( indicate suitcase ) I have move out of my house -- I be go to be stay in town , at the athletic Club . bud you leave you wife ? sheldrake well , if you must know -- I fire my secretary , my secretary get to my wife , and my wife fire I . ai not that a kick in the head ? bud yeah -- sheldrake now what be you news , baxter ? bud ( recover with difficulty ) it 's about miss kubelik -- she 's all right again -- so she go back home . sheldrake swell . and do not think I have forget what you do for I . ( open door to adjoin office ) this way , baxter . Bud advance slowly toward the door . int . adjoining office - day it be a slightly smaller and less lavish edition of sheldrake 's office . sheldrake usher Bud through the door , point to the chair behind the desk . sheldrake sit down . try it on for size . Bud obey like a automaton , lower himself into the chair . sheldrake you like ? ( indicate office ) it 's all yours . bud mine ? sheldrake my assistant , Roy Thompson , have be shift to the Denver office , and you be take he place . ( no reaction from Bud ) what 's the matter , baxter ? you do not seem very excited . bud well , it 's just that so many thing have be happen so fast -- I be very pleased -- especially for miss kubelik . now that I have get to know she better , I think she 's the kind of girl that definitely ought to be marry to somebody -- sheldrake oh , sure , sure . but first the property settlement have to be work out -- then it take six week in reno -- meanwhile , I be go to enjoy be a bachelor for a while . ( start back toward he own office ) oh , by the way , you can now have lunch in the executive dining room -- bud yes , sir . he remove he dark glass reflectively . sheldrake that 's just one of the privilege that go with this job . you also get a nice little expense account , the use of the executive washroom -- ( break off , peer at Bud 's face ) say , what happen to you , baxter ? bud I get kick in the head , too . sheldrake oh ? with a shrug , he exit into he own office , close the door behind he . Bud sit there , unconsciously bend the glass in he hand until they suddenly snap in two . Bud glance down at the two break halve , as though surprised by he own violence , toss they on the desk . dissolve to : int . lobby insurance build - evening we be close on the building directory . list under personnel be j.d. sheldrake , director , and just below that a man' hand be insert the name C.C. baxter in the slot mark asst . director . the lettering be complete except for the final R. camera pull back to reveal the sign painter we see earlier , work on the directory . watch he be Bud . he be wear he chesterfield and bowler , and still have a slight well under he leave eye . it be after six o'clock , and there be very little activity in the lobby . Fran , wear she coat over street clothes , approach from the direction of the elevator , stop when she see Bud . fran good evening , Mr. baxter . Bud turn to she in surprise , remove he bowler . bud oh , miss kubelik . how do you feel ? fran Fine . how 's you eye ? bud Fine . there be a moment of constraint between they . fran how 's everything at the apartment ? bud nothing 's change . you know , we never finish that gin game -- fran I know . ( a beat ) I suppose you hear about Mr. sheldrake --? bud you mean , leave he wife ? yeah . I be very happy for you . fran I never think he would do it . bud I tell you all along . you see , you be wrong about Mr. sheldrake . fran I guess so . bud for that matter , you be wrong about I , too . what you say about that who take and that who get take ? well , Mr. sheldrake be not use I -- I be use he . see ? ( indicate he name on directory ) last month I be at desk 861 on the nineteenth floor -- now I be on the twenty - seventh floor , panele office , three window -- so it all work out fine -- we be both get what we want . fran yes . ( look at she watch ) you walk to the subway ? bud no , thank you . ( fumble ) I -- well , to tell you the truth -- ( glance around lobby ) -- I have this heavy date for tonight -- he point off toward the newsstand . stand there be a tall , attractive brunette , obviously wait for someone . Fran look off in the indicate direction . fran oh. bud be not you meeting Mr. sheldrake ? fran no . you know how people talk . so I decide it would be better if we do not see each other till everything be settle , divorce - wise . bud that 's very wise . fran good night , Mr. baxter . bud good night , miss kubelik . Fran walk toward the revolve door . Bud watch she for a moment , then stride briskly across the lobby toward the newsstand . he go right past the wait brunette , stop in front of a rack of pocket book , examine the merchandise . a man now come out of a phone booth , join the wait brunette , and they go off together . Bud pick out a couple of paperback , pay the clerk behind the counter . stuff a book into each coat pocket , he move slowly toward the revolve door . dissolve to : int . sheldrake's office - day sheldrake be swivel around sideways behind he desk , with a bootblack kneel in front of he , shine he shoe . reaching for the intercom , sheldrake press down one of the lever . sheldrake baxter -- would you mind step in she for a minute ? baxter' voice yes , Mr. sheldrake . the bootblack finish the second shoe with a flourish , gather up he equipment . sheldrake toss he a half dollar . bootblack much oblige . he exit into the anteroom as the door of the adjoin office open and Bud come in , carry several chart . there be no trace leave of he black eye . bud ( put chart on desk ) here 's the breakdown of figure on personnel turnover . thirty -seven percent of we female employee leave to get marry , twenty - two percent quit because -- sheldrake ( break in ) you be work too hard , baxter . it 's New Year 's Eve -- relax . bud yes , sir . sheldrake I suppose you will be on the town tonight -- celebrate ? bud naturally . sheldrake I , too . I be take miss kubelik out -- I finally talk she into it -- bud I see . sheldrake the only thing be I be stay at the athletic Club -- and it 's strictly stag so if you do not mind -- bud do not mind what ? sheldrake you know that other key to you apartment -- well , when we have that little scare about miss kubelik , I think I would better get rid of it quick -- so I throw it out the window of the commuter train . bud very clever . sheldrake now I will have to borrow you key . bud sorry , Mr. sheldrake . sheldrake what do you mean , sorry ? bud you be not go to bring anybody up to my apartment . sheldrake I be not just bring anybody -- I be bring miss kubelik . bud especially not miss kubelik . sheldrake how 's that again ? bud ( flatly ) no key ! sheldrake baxter , I pick you for my team because I think you be a bright young man . you realize what you be do ? not to I -- but to yourself . normally it take year to work you way up to the twenty - seventh floor -- but it take only thirty second to be out on the street again . you dig ? bud ( nodd slowly ) I dig . sheldrake so what 's it go to be ? without take he eye off sheldrake , Bud reach into he pocket , fish out a key , drop it on the desk . sheldrake now you be be bright ? bud thank you , sir . he turn abruptly , start back into he own office . int . bud be new office - day Bud come in , shutting the door behind he , stand roote to the spot for a moment . then he take some pencil out of he breast pocket and drop they into a container on the desk , close he account book , slam a couple of open file drawer shut . as he cross to the clothes closet , the connect door open and sheldrake come in , key in hand . sheldrake say , baxter -- you give I the wrong key . bud no I do not . sheldrake ( hold it out ) but this be the key to the executive washroom . bud that 's right , Mr. sheldrake . I will not be need it -- because I be all wash up around here . he have take he chesterfield and bowler out of the closet , and be put the coat on . sheldrake what 's get into you , baxter ? bud just follow doctor 's order . I have decide to become a mensch . you know what that mean ? a human be . sheldrake now hold on , baxter -- bud save it . the old payola will not work any more . Goodbye , Mr. sheldrake . he open the door to the anteroom , start out . int . sheldrake's anteroom - day Bud come out of he office , carry he bowler , stride past the secretary and through the glass door to the foyer . a elevator be just unload , and beside it a handyman be clean out one of the cigarette receptacle . Bud cross to the elevator , and as he pass the handyman , he jam he bowler on the man 's head -- surrender he crown , so to speak . the elevator door close . the handyman straighten up , look around in bewilderment . dissolve to : int . the apartment - night Bud be in the process of pack . in the middle of the live room be several large cardboard carton fill with he possession . the art poster be off the wall , the bric-a-brac have be remove from the shelf , and Bud be stow away the last of he book and record . he cross to the fireplace , open one of the drawer in the cabinet above it , take out a forty - five automatic . he hold the gun in the palm of he hand , study it appraisingly . the doorbell ring . Bud snap out of he reverie , drop the gun into one of the carton , go to the door and open it . stand outside be Dr. dreyfuss , with a plastic ice bucket in he hand . dr . dreyfuss say , baxter -- we be have a little party and we run out of ice -- so I be wonder -- bud sure , doc. dr . dreyfuss ( step inside ) how come you be alone on New Year 's Eve ? bud well , I have thing to do -- dr . dreyfuss ( notice carton ) what 's this -- you pack ? bud yeah -- I be give up the apartment . he go into the kitchen , open the refrigerator , start to pry out the ice- cube trays . dr . dreyfuss where be you move to ? bud I do not know . all I know be I get to get out of this place . dr . dreyfuss sorry to lose you , baxter . bud I ? oh , you mean my body . do not worry , Doc -- it will go to the University -- I will put it in write -- he dump the ice-cube , still in they trays , into the bucket Dr. dreyfuss be hold . then he pull kirkeby 's unopen bottle of champagne out of the refrigerator . bud can you use a bottle of champagne ? dr . dreyfuss booze we do not need . why do not you join we , baxter ? we get two brain surgeon , a ear , nose and throat specialist , a proctologist , and three nurse from Bellevue . bud no , thanks -- I do not feel like it . look , Doc -- in case I do not see you again -- how much do I owe you for take care of that girl ? dr . dreyfuss forget it -- I do not do it as a doctor -- I do it as a neighbor . ( stop in doorway ) by the way , whatever happen to she ? bud ( airily ) you know I with girl . easy come , easy go . Goodbye , doc. dr . dreyfuss happy New Year . Bud close the door , return to the kitchen , bring out a box of glassware and the tennis racquet . as he start to deposit the racquet in a carton , he notice a strand of spaghetti cling to the string . he remove it gently , stand there twirling the limp spaghetti absently around he finger . CUT to : int . chinese restaurant - night it be five minute before midnight , New Year 's Eve . sitting alone in the last booth be Fran , a paper hat on she head , a pensive look on she face . there be two champagne glass on the table , and the usual noisemaker , but the chair opposite she be empty . above the general hubbub , the chinese pianist can be hear play . after a moment , Fran glance off . thread he way through the merrymaker crowd the bar and overflow from the booth be sheldrake . he be in dinner clothes , top by a paper hat . reaching the last booth , he drop into the chair face Fran . sheldrake sorry it take I so long on the phone . but we be all set . fran all set for what ? sheldrake I rent a car -- it 's go to be here at one o'clock -- we be drive to Atlantic City . fran Atlantic City ? sheldrake I know it 's a drag -- but you can not find a hotel room in town -- not on New Year 's Eve . fran ( a long look at sheldrake ) Ring out the old year , ring in the new . ring-a-ding-ding . sheldrake I do not plan it this way , Fran -- actually , it 's all baxter 's fault . fran baxter ? sheldrake he would not give I the key to the apartment . fran he would not . sheldrake just walk out on I -- quit -- throw that big fat job right in my face . fran ( a faint smile ) the nerve . sheldrake that little punk -- after all I do for he ! he say I could not bring anybody to he apartment -- especially not miss kubelik . what 's he get against you , anyway ? fran ( a faraway look in she eye ) I do not know . I guess that 's the way it crumble -- cookie-wise . sheldrake what be you talk about ? fran I would spell it out for you -- only I can not spell . the piano player be consulting the watch on he upraise leave arm . he drop the arm in a signal , and the light go out . at the same time , he strike up auld lang syne . all over the dimly light room , couple get to they foot , embrace and join in the song . in the last booth , sheldrake lean across the table , kiss Fran . sheldrake happy New Year , Fran . Fran 's expression be preoccupy . sheldrake face in the direction of the pianist , and hold he glass aloft , sing along with the other . as auld lang syne come to a end , the place explode noisily -- there be a din of horn , ratchet , and shout greeting . the light come up again . in the last booth , sheldrake turn back toward Fran -- but she be no longer there . her paper hat lie abandon on she vacate chair . sheldrake Fran -- ( look around ) -- where be you , Fran ? he rise , crane he neck , try to spot she in the crowd . dissolve to : ext . brownstone house - night Fran , a coat throw over the dress she be wear at the rickshaw , come down the street almost at a run . there be a happy , expectant look on she face . she hurry up the step of the house and through the front door . int . staircase and second floor landing - night Fran mount the stair eagerly . as she reach the landing and head for Bud 's apartment , there be a loud , sharp report from inside . Fran freeze momentarily , then rush to the door . fran Mr. baxter ! ( pound on door ) Mr. baxter ! Mr. baxter ! the door open and there stand Bud , the bottle of champagne he have just uncork still foam over in he hand . he stare at Fran unbelievingly . fran ( sagging with relief ) be you all right ? bud I be fine . fran be you sure ? how 's you knee ? bud I be fine all over . fran mind if I come in ? bud ( still stunne ) of course not . int . the apartment - night Fran come in and Bud shut the door . the room be the same as we leave it , except for a empty champagne glass stand on the coffee table . bud let I get another glass . he go to one of the carton , take out a champagne glass wrap in newspaper , start to unwrap it . fran ( look around ) where be you go ? bud who know ? another neighborhood -- another town -- another job -- I be on my own . fran that 's funny -- so be i. ( Bud , pour champagne , look up at she ) what do you do with the card ? bud ( indicate carton ) in there . Fran take the deck of card and the gin rummy score pad out of the carton , settles herself on the couch , start to shuffle the card expertly . bud what about Mr. sheldrake ? fran I be go to send he a fruit cake every Christmas . Bud sink down happily on the couch , and Fran hold out the deck to he . fran cut . Bud cut a card , but do not look at it . bud I love you , miss kubelik . fran ( cut a card ) Seven -- ( look at Bud 's card ) -- queen . she hand the deck to Bud . bud do you hear what I say , miss kubelik ? I absolutely adore you . fran ( smile ) shut up and deal ! Bud begin to deal , never take he eye off she . Fran remove she coat , start pick up she card and arrange they . Bud , a look of pure joy on he face , deal -- and deal -- and keep deal . and that 's about it . story-wise . fade out . the end