abduction by shawn christensen ( C ) copyright 2010 fade in title card : december 18th , 1994 int . HOTEL room / sky rise -- continuous a woman , mid 20 's , enter the room , revealing a breath - take view of Toronto -- specifically the cn Tower -- the world 's tallest free-stand structure . when she enter the bedroom suite , she start feel dizzy , nauseous , and begin lose she balance . the room become blurry , and she kneel to the ground , hold she stomach . she writhes on the floor for a moment , coughing , before crawl towards the phone . as she slide against the side of the bed , reach for the phone , someone 's hand grab she wrist ... and gently pull it away . two men in gas-masks stand over she . one of they , victor kozlow , 30 's , kneel over she , as she gasp for air . his comrade , becker , 30' , search through she suitcase . kozlow hold up a small plastic gas -mask , and place it over she nose and mouth . she begin breathe much easier . kozlow calmly speak with a ukrainian accent . kozlow where ... be the Locust ? the woman 's breath turn into a slight laugh . finally : woman Beyond you reach . kozlow so , you do know where the Locust be ? the woman nod . kozlow ( cont 'd ) then where be he ? woman ( smile ) Beyond you reach ... kozlow remove the mask , cause the woman to gasp for air again . he watch she , as she begin to tremble . kozlow you room be poison with chlorine gas . ( more ) kozlow ( cont 'd ) what you be feel right now , be you nervous system deteriorate . if you answer my question correctly , you can keep the mask . if not , I will keep the mask . do you understand ? the woman nod again . kozlow place the mask back on she face . kozlow ( cont 'd ) now , I ‘’1l ask you one more time ... woman and in that one time ... you 's 1ll get the same answer . the woman rip the mask off , and toss it under the bed . kozlow stupid girl . she spit on kozlow , who slap she back . becker ( in ukrainian ) I find it ! becker find a gray folder in she suitcase , and bring it over to kozlow . kozlow open the folder and scan the content . valuable information be inside . meanwhile , the Toronto police arrive down below -- siren blaring . becker ( cont 'd ) ( in ukrainian ) let 's go ! come on ! kozlow look back at the woman , as she slowly die in front of he . becker ( cont 'd ) there 's no time ! kozlow stare at the woman , as tear stream down she face . finally ... she take she last breath ... kozlow check she pulse -- she 's dead . kozlow rise , grab the gray folder , and exit the room with becker . they both turn to slow motion as the open riff of '' american woman '' begin . close up : the woman 's face , eye open , dead to the world . when the song kick in -- blackout credit begin int . car -- night '' american woman '' continue on the radio , as three teenager drive down the highway . gilly , 18 , ( male ) longish hair , drive while jake , 17 , heavy set , sit in the passenger seat . nathan harper , 18 , tee-shirt - and - jeans type , sit in the back seat , look out the window . Jake and gilly be laughing as they pass a joint around the car . when they offer it to Nathan , he pass . gilly sing along with the song , while Nathan and Jake laugh at he . they pass a road sign which read : bridgewater , Virginia fade in title card : present day ext . house -- moment later they car pull into a large party scene outside someone 's house . music blast from outdoor speaker , as Nathan , gilly and Jake get out of they car . int . house -- moment later Nathan , gilly and Jake squeeze through the crowd , look for the kitchen . gilly yo , Nathan . paintball tomorrow , man . free rental , free everything . nathan Nah . gunning down people be not my idea of a good time . gilly approach two jock , 18 , with they football jacket on . jock 1 you get the goods ? gilly take out two fake Virginia id , with both of the jock 's picture on they . jock 2 grab he id and look it over -- he 's impressed . jock 2 how much ? gilly fifty each . the jock shell out the cash , and hand it over . gilly ( cont 'd ) welcome to you twenty . suddenly , Nathan accidentally bump into karen lowell , 18 , gorgeous brunette . they look at each other , as she try to get by he . nathan ( awkwardly ) hi. Karen 's boyfriend , billy wilkinson , 19 , slightly push Nathan out of the way , so he and Karen can get by . Karen laugh a little at Nathan and then disappear into the crowd with billy . gilly ultra bitch , dude . do not even sweat it . int . kitchen -- moment later Nathan , gilly and Jake do shot . Nathan hold up a beer to make a toast . nathan guy , I love you . you be my best friend . this be to we last month of high school . May it be drunken and debaucherous . gilly and jake cheer ! they tap and drink . nathan and promise I ... promise I , if I get waste tonight , that you will not leave I on the front lawn again . I seriously do not know whose house this be . gilly and jake cheer ! they tap and drink . ext . front lawn -- morning Nathan lie face down on the front lawn , pass out , hold a plastic cup with beer . a teenage girl walk by Nathan with a garbage bag and take the cup out of he hand . she lightly kick he , to wake he up . Nathan slowly raise he head , with a line of drool come out . he squint up at the girl in the sunlight . girl wake up , whoever you be , my parent be gonna be here in a hour . you gotta get out of here . as she walk away , Nathan look around . he have no idea where he be . nathan shit . credit end int . nathan 's car -- late morning Nathan 's dad , kevin harper , 40 's , drive the car , while Nathan sit in the passenger seat . kevin Nathan ... under the description for ' dad 's , do it say he have to pick up he drunken son from random people 's front lawn , as a general rule ? because this be the third time this year . nathan please do not tell mom . kevin Mom already know . Nathan hang he head down . nathan it 's not my fault they keep leave I on the front lawn . kevin it 's you fault you keep trust they to bring you home . nathan yeah , I guess . kevin they be have a laugh at you expense . which be all fine and good . but trust need to be earn . nathan like , I trust you x11 tell mom I be not drink ? Kevin laugh . kevin not gonna happen . you be on you own , kiddo . nathan do not you have any power in we household ? kevin ( beat ) nope . Nathan look at he father in discouragement . nathan ( v.o. ) do you know this people , who live in you house , and cook you dinner and fold you underwear ? because I sure do not . int . dr . bennett 's office -- afternoon Dr. bennett , 50 , glass , sit across from Nathan , listen to he explain he plight . nathan they look like you , they talk like you ... but they be not really on you team , you know ? it 's like it 's you against they . dr . bennett I think everyone feel that way grow up . nathan do everyone go to a shrink ? dr . bennett not everyone have insomnia , or anxiety attack , at you age . sometimes it just help to talk about it . nathan what else be there to talk about ? it 's all be say before . dr . bennett the nightmare . the recur one . you say there be something different about it this time . nathan there be ... Dr. bennett press '' record '' on a mini- CD player , place on the coffee table . nathan ( cont 'd ) it 's the same as always . a woman , stand in the shadow , be sing I a lullaby . while she 's sing it to I , a single tear drop from she eye and fall onto my arm . and then she back away from I , and disappear . leave I alone in the dark . dr . bennett so , what 's the difference between this nightmare and the rest ? nathan the difference be , it be not a nightmare . dr . bennett because it do not scare you ? nathan because I be not asleep . it 's just something that pop into my head the other day , like a memory . dr . bennett well , maybe you just remember dream it . nathan or maybe it be never a dream . because there be not a day that go by , when I do not wake up and check my arm for that teardrop . int . nathan 's bedroom -- night Nathan listen to loud punk music , while do he homework . his mother mara harper , 40 's , enter the room . she turn off he ipod stereo , and sit on he bed . Nathan look at she . nathan sorry . mara it 's not the drink that bother I . I be a teenager once , too . I absolutely get it . but it 's become too much of a regular thing . nathan so , you be not ground I ? mara you be ground for the weekend . nathan how about just until tomorrow ? mara no way . nathan Saturday ? mara nope . nathan Saturday , and I ’1ll patch up the roof , so you do not have to yell at dad to do it , anymore . mara deal . mara get up to leave . nathan ( smile ) I love you mom . mara uh huh ... try to get some sleep tonight , for once . int . school hallway -- morning Nathan and gilly open they prospective locker . as Nathan take out he book , he notice gilly 's locker be fill with a array of picture of rifle and automatic weapon . nathan what the hell be that ? gilly the maritime kidnapper . another kid disappear just two town over . I be think about get some protection . nathan the maritime kidnapper abduct kindergartner and infant . you might be just a little outside he demographic . gilly you can never be too sure . ( motion to a particular firearm ) check this out -- m82 automatic sniper rifle . shoot a ten round clip in under a minute . my dad have this exact gun up in he de . you could wipe out a entire neighborhood with it . nathan I think maybe you have a problem . Nathan divert he attention to Karen lowell , stand across the hallway . she 's conversing with she cheerleader friend at she locker . gilly notice Nathan stare at she . gilly she 's you next door neighbor now , dude . nathan yup , three week . have not say '' hi '' to I once . gilly man , I would be check out she bedroom window , constantly . nathan that 's what scare I about you . 10 . int . classroom -- day mr . mile , 50 's , glass , dry humor , be in session with 30 High School student . the chalkboard behind he read : sociology . Nathan , gilly , Jake and Karen be all in attendance , as Mr. mile speak . mr . mile well , I be sure you have all hear about the maritime kidnapper . he strike again last night . fifth child in less than three month . Mr. mile remove a playboy magazine from inside Jake 's open textbook . mr . mile ( cont 'd ) I be consider have you all write a essay on he , if you do not get you grade up soon . Mr. mile slap a ruler on a sleeping student 's desk , awaken he . mr . mile ( cont 'd ) you_may think this class be a bullshit elective , people , but it go on you report card , all the same . all I be ask for be to raise you average class grade above a ' C '. in case you do not remember ... a ' C 's be a fairly low , shitty grade . it should not be too hard to rise above it . snoring can be hear from the back of the room . mr. mile ( cont 'd ) somehow , I be sure you be gonna screw this up . Nathan also start doze off ... dream sequence : int . dark bedroom -- night Nathan lie in bed , while a shadowed woman sit next to he . as the rain outside pound against the window , the woman sing to Nathan in a kind , but eerie way . 11 . shadowed woman ( echo - y ) que Sera , Sera , whatever will be , will be the future 's not ours , to see que Sera , Sera what will be , will be . Nathan reach out to touch she face , but he hand go right through she . she 's a ghost . end of dream int . nathan 's bedroom -- early morning Nathan wake up in a sweat . he look dishevel -- wipe he eye . he crack open a prescription bottle and swallow a couple pill . a car can be hear pulling up next door . Nathan go to the window , and see Karen lowell , get out of the car and arguing with she boyfriend , billy , in the driveway . eventually , billy drive off , in a huff . ext . roof -- late morning Nathan adjust some new shingles on the roof , with he ipod headphone on , listen to punk music . the sun shine bright , and the roof tar be sticky . Nathan sing along to the sex pistol '' anarchy in the UK '' nathan ( chant ) '' how many way to get what you want ? I use the best , I use the rest I use the enemy , I use anarchy '' int . karen 's bedroom -- simultaneous Karen and she girlfriend be hang up clothes in she closet . they overhear Nathan singing next door . they go to she window , and see Nathan move he head back and forth , singing along to the song . they start laughing . girlfriend 1 what a weirdo . 12 . girlfriend 2 I hear he see a shrink . total nutball . Karen grab she iphone and aim it at Nathan -- hit record ext . roof -- simultaneous nathan ( chant ) '' or just another country another council tenancy '' Nathan love the song -- get more into it . nathan ( cont 'd ) ( chant ) '' and I wanna be anarchy . and I wanna be anarchy '' finally , he turn he head towards Karen 's house . nathan 's Pov : Karen and she friend , laughing at he . Nathan do not really mind -- half smile back at Karen . suddenly , a shingle slip from underneath he foot , and he lose he grasp , rip off two more shingles . he slide down the roof , and flip over the side of the house , barely catch the gutter . dangle from the gutter , Nathan desperately try to reach for the roof 's edge , but the gutter bend back and snap in half , cause Nathan to fall twenty foot into the bush . bam ! int . karen 's bedroom -- simultaneous Karen and she friend be laughing hysterically . they can barely catch they breath . ext . nathan 's bushes -- simultaneous Nathan lie in the bush , listen to Karen and she girlfriend laughing next door . he lift up he ipod -- it 's break . nathan great ... 13. int . hallway -- morning as Nathan walk through the hallway towards he locker , he notice other student look at he weird -- whispering , giggling , and parting way as he walk by . when he reach he locker , gilly be grab he textbooks from the adjacent locker . gilly also look at Nathan strangely . nathan what 's go on ? gilly you mean , you do not know ? nathan know what ? gilly dude ... you be a YouTube sensation . int . computer room -- moment later Nathan enter the tech room -- some freshmen be watch a YouTube video of he at one of the computer . they stop laughing when they notice he , stand right behind they . they back off so he can watch the video . on the computer screen : Nathan , singing cheap trick , falling , catch and breaking the gutter , and plunging into the bush . Nathan quickly grab the mouse and scroll the page : 156,000 hit he find the poster : k_grrr 11991 he click the username . the profile page read : Karen lowell Nathan slam the mouse on the desk and storm out of the room . int . gymnasium -- day Nathan barge into a pack gym class , walk directly towards Karen lowell , who 's giggling with she five girlfriend . the whole CLASS part like the Red Sea when Nathan approach Karen . everyone turn silent as he look straight at Karen , dead in the eye . 14 . nathan must be nice to be the toast of the day , but I guess that 's nothing new for you . you be a popular girl , and you play the role well . complete with the obedient croney and the college boyfriend . but in the end , it 's just a role . karen you do not know anything about I . nathan seventh grade , Science class . we be lab partner . you tell I you want to be a archeologist . you be cool . what ever happen to that girl ? traded it in for a pair of pom-pom ? karen I take it you can not take a joke ? nathan I may have look like a idiot fall into that bush , but at least I know who I be . karen really ? be that what you therapist tell you ? snickering can be hear , as Nathan try to stay calm . nathan I guess it 's hard to keep secret in a small town . but I will not be here for long . how ' bout you ? Community College ? summer job at the gap ? I ’1l1 be sure to drop by in three year when they promote you to manager . karen who care if you leave this town , or not ? it 's not like anyone would remember you , anyway . Nathan 's genuinely hurt by this comment . Karen immediately regret say it . Nathan look around -- everyone stare at he . a profound feel of alienation set in . finally , he walk away , leave the room in stunne silence . int . classroom -- day Mr. mile , write a large / d' on the chalkboard , under average class grade . Nathan look out the window as Mr. mile speak . Karen look sullen . mr . mile you mission , should you choose to accept it , be to write a four page essay on the subject of miss child . percentage of disappearance rate , how often they be find , under what circumstance . etc. etc . the room groans . ernesto , 17 , raise he hand . mr . mile ( cont ’d ) yes , ernesto ? ernesto ( smile ) what if we choose not to accept it ? mr . mile then you get a big , fat stinky ' f’ , mis amigo . on the semester . and remember , people , Wikipedia be not you friend . I want the cold , hard fact on this one . and I want they by Friday . the room groans more . mr . mile ( cont 'd ) I know , I know . you life be destroy forever . but to lessen the workload , I be go to let each of you partner up with someone on this one , and then you can share the responsibility , as well as the grade . Fair enough ? the bell ring . everyone start to gather they textbooks . mr . mile ( cont 'd ) I also want one page dedicated to a specific incident of a miss child in the United States , within the past thirty year . not the maritime kidnapper . ( beat ) ( more ) 16 . mr . mile ( cont 'd ) if anyone want to donate a apple or a candy bar to I , you may do so at this time . ext . hallway / karen 's locker -- moment later Karen , not talkative , remove she textbooks from she locker , while she girlfriend jabber . girlfriend 1 I be like , yeah , I listen to that band , like , two year ago . where have you be ? the other girl laugh , and comment , as Karen look across the hall at Nathan ... he look lonely , as he gather he thing . Karen ignore she friend 's snobby banter , and walk towards Nathan . int . hallway / nathan 's locker -- continuous Nathan switch out he text book , while Karen cautiously approach he . he ignore she presence . karen so ... wanna be my partner ? nathan I have rather be castrate . karen look , I be sorry , okay ? I should not have put it up . it be funny , and now it 's not funny . nathan I be sure this be some ploy to get I to do you homework for you . karen I be not vindictive . I already feel bad enough about this whole thing , as it be . nathan I be late for class . Nathan close he locker . karen who be you go to take ? gilly ? Jake ? they be worse than I . Nathan walk away . 17 . int . nathan 's bedroom -- dusk Nathan plays halo on he X - box . his cell phone ring . he blindly pick up , still play the game as he talk . nathan hello ? karen ( v.o. ) phone ) I will do the first three page . you just do the ' specific incident 's part . nathan unbelievable . karen ( v.o. ) ( phone ) I take the video down . erase it entirely . nathan congratulation . you want a medal ? karen ( v.o. ) ( phone ) do we have a deal ? nathan nope . Nathan hang up . suddenly , the door bell ring . Nathan look out he window -- Karen be at he front door . Nathan 's halo character blows up from a bomb , because of Nathan 's lack of attention . Nathan watch he mother let Karen into the house . nathan ( cont 'd ) Holy shit . he quickly grab he clothes off the floor , and shove they into he hamper . he slide a bunch of stuff under he bed , and glance at himself in the mirror -- fix he hair . as Karen knock outside he door , he dive back into he seat . nathan ( cont 'd ) come in . Karen enter the room and look around . she see the wall line with book , movie , and computer software . a entire area of the room be fill with board game , chess set , and computer game . 18 . karen you like game , huh ? nathan not the kind of game you play . Karen shut the door behind she -- walk right up to Nathan . karen ( stern ) now you listen to I . I screw up , okay ? but I be not go to sit back and watch you mope and groan and give I dirty look for the rest of the summer . maybe a lot of thing you say about I be true . I do not know who I want to be just yet . but while I be figure that out , I have very much like for we to be friend . and if you keep rejecting my peaceful gesture , I will kick the ever-love shit out of you . capiche ? Nathan slowly nod , shocked . karen ( cont 'd ) ( put out she hand ) partner ? Nathan shake she hand . karen ( cont 'd ) good . glad we clear that up . now where do we start ? int . nathan 's bedroom -- later that night Nathan and Karen be do research on they separate laptop . Karen cross -check a fact with a book call '' America 's miss '' . karen listen to this . over twenty three hundred Americans be report miss every day . and even though most of they voluntarily return home , there be still over one hundred thousand active miss person case today . one hundred thousand ... sick . Nathan surf through some picture of miss people on the web . 19 . nathan what 's even more sick , be some of this site want I to pay money to browse they miss person archive . karen that 's fuck up . Karen get up to watch Nathan find a back door into the website . nathan twenty buck to access Montana 's miss person database ... no wonder nobody get find . suddenly , he break through they security . nathan ( cont 'd ) bingo . a long list of name quickly scroll across he computer screen . the information seem endless . karen whoa ... nathan wow . height , weight , age , favorite food , medical report , last place they be see , people they be affiliate with . everything . karen well , Nathan harper , you have a few trick up you sleeve , huh ? nathan ( browsing the page ) some . Karen check she cell phone . karen shit , I gotta go . be back tomorrow ? nathan cool . Karen grab she laptop and book and head for the door . nathan ( cont 'd ) listen , um ... I be sorry about everything I say , earlier . I do not mean it . I be just angry . 20 . karen really ? so you do not think I x11 make manager in three year ? Nathan crack a smile . karen ( cont 'd ) see ya tomorrow . Karen leave . moment later Nathan look out the window at Karen return to she house . int . cafeteria -- day Karen walk with she girlfriend on the lunch line . when she pay for she meal , she see Nathan , sit by himself at one of the table . student will not go near he after he YouTube notoriety . Karen look over at the table she usually sit at -- jock and emo kide . finally : karen it 's my fault he 's sit by himself ... girlfriend 1 who ? girlfriend 2 the psycho ? nathan 's table -- moment later Karen sit down across from Nathan -- start eat she food like it 's no big deal . Nathan look around at people in the cafeteria . everyone 's look at they -- some overtly and some just glance . Nathan turn back to Karen , impressed . they smile at each other as if they have a inside joke . int . nathan 's bedroom -- dusk Karen work at Nathan 's desktop , while Nathan lie on he bed , research some book . 21 . karen check this out . this site show you mock -up of what they might look like today . and if you recognize the person , you can click to see they childhood pic . Nathan get up from the bed , interested . nathan they should all do that . Karen scroll through some mock -up -- all computer renderings of the miss child . she come across some amusing one . karen check out this guy . nathan sylvester stallone meet ... pee wee herman . karen ( laugh ) seriously ! next . Karen scroll to the next mock -up . nathan yikes ... Ryan seacrest meet ... karen liza minelli . they both laugh . karen ( cont 'd ) next . the next mock - up reveal a teenager who look a lot like Nathan . karen ( cont ’d ) Chris Martin meet ... you . Nathan smile -- there 's a strong resemblance , but not identical . nathan I guess I be a fugitive from justice . Karen click on the childhood photo -- a young boy , three year old , white caucasian , wear a yellow - and - blue stripe shirt . 22 . karen oh , it 's definitely not you . this kid 's too cute . Nathan take pause at the young boy 's photo . he smile along with the joke , but this boy seem eerily familiar ... nathan I use to have a shirt just like that ... Karen 's cell phone beeps . karen shit , it 's my mom . they be leave town for a few day . I get the house to myself . I gotta go see they off . you come over later ? nathan yeah , I will be over there in a hour , cool ? karen awesome . Karen run out of the room . as Nathan close the door , he look at the small boy picture on he screen . it 's almost like the boy be look back at he . he sit at he desktop , and grab the mouse -- read the page . the boy 's name be Steven spade . he stare at the image for a moment , before zoom in on it : screen close up : the boy have a small scar on the leave side of he chin . Nathan have the identical scar on he chin -- he rub he finger over it . he click back to the mock - up of what the young boy would look like now . as the picture load in , Nathan see he reflection in the computer screen side by side with the mock - up ... it 's a very close resemblance . Nathan roll back from the computer in he chair . spook . int . attic -- moment later Nathan dig through a old chest in the attic . he rummages through the old toy and school drawing , as he parent be pulling into the driveway down below . 23 . he look out the window at they as they get out of they car and take some grocery from the trunk . he continue digging through the chest until he get to some of he old clothes . at the very bottom of the pile , tuck in the deep , darkest corner of the chest , be a stripe yellow and blue shirt . he slowly unfold it -- it 's exactly like the shirt in the picture . he hear he parent getting in downstairs and rush out of the attic . int . nathan 's bedroom -- moment later Nathan hear he parent turn on the tv downstairs , while he sit at this computer , try to obtain more information . name : Steven spade Parents : Martin and lorna spade date of disappearance : December 20th , 1994 last see : sterling Forest , New york. 2:30 pm notable attribute : scar on chin he print the picture of the boy and the mock -up . int . stairwell -- moment later Nathan descend the stair , quietly . he peer into the live room -- he parent be watch reality television . he open the front door slowly , and sneak out . int . nathan 's car -- night Nathan get in he car and start the engine . he place the printout of the young child on the passenger seat . a tap at the window startle he . it 's he mother . he quickly turn the printout over . mara look at the sheet of paper and then back at Nathan . mara no ' hello mom 's ? nathan sorry , I uh ... be just go to go to the library for this school project ... 24 . mara what 's the project ? nathan it 's a ... project on ... website . Building you own website . Nathan try to gage he mother 's reaction . mara nod and smile . mara well , do not stay out too late , okay ? Love you . mara go to kiss Nathan on the forehead , but he balk -- subtly pull away . mara ( cont 'd ) you all right ? Nathan nod , and back out of the driveway . as he drive away , mara just watch he , until he disappear down the street . int . basement den -- day in a dimly light basement , with book and computer software lining the wall , a older man , 60 , type on he computer . we never see he face . on the computer screen : a profile page on Nathan harper -- include he high school picture , school grade , medical report , etc . the older man have photo on he desk of Nathan 's parent , Dr. bennett , gilly -- everyone he have contact with . the room be fill with technical equipment , tracking software , high - tech phone - tapping gadget , etc . int . public library -- night Nathan scan through microfilm of New York newspaper from the early ninety . he finally reach December , 1994 . - he search ' the record 's -- nothing . - he search ' the Orange County Patriot 's -- nothing . - he search ' the Times Herald record 's -- nothing . his cell phone vibrate . it 's a text from Karen : 25 . thnx for stand I up Nathan immediately call she back . it ring for a while before she pick up . karen ( v.o. ) what . nathan ( whisper on phone ) listen to I . I do some research on - karen ( v.o. ) you be such a asshole you know that ? I cook up a couple tv dinner and then wait for you for two hour . I be so stupid - nathan ( phone ) will you let I speak for a sec - karen ( v.o. ) you can find someone else to do the project with - nathan ( phone ) will you shut up for a second , and listen to I ? I think the miss kid we see on that website be more than just a resemblance . silence . finally : karen ( v.o. ) what be you talk about ? nathan ( phone ) I think the kid in that picture ... be I . int . karen 's bedroom -- later that night Karen sit at she laptop read the web page , while Nathan pace around behind she . karen on December 20th , 1994 , Steven spade go miss , while on vacation , at the sterling Forest State Park sometime between 2:15 and 2:30 pm . ( more ) karen ( cont 'd ) his parent immediately receive ransom threat for the safe return of they child . after follow the abductor 's instruction , and pay out more than four hundred thousand dollar within a six day period , the abductor cut off contact , and Steven be never return to he family . the case remain one of Connecticut 's great unsolve mystery to date . Nathan lean against the window , bite he nail . karen ( cont 'd ) Nathan , I really do not think this be you . nathan okay , good . tell I why . karen well , first of all , this kid 's three and a half year old . do not we all look the same at that age ? nathan we have the same scar . karen coincidence . Nathan grab the shirt out of he backpack and toss it to she . nathan explain this . Karen cross - check the shirt with the photo . karen okay , it 's a similar shirt . nathan no , not the shirt . the ketchup stain on the leave shoulder . Karen examine the stain on the shirt she hold . zoom into the online picture ... the same exact stain exist on the leave shoulder . karen Holy shit ... Karen slowly turn and look at Nathan . 27 . karen ( cont 'd ) maybe ... you be adopt . nathan if I be adopt , then why would I be on a miss person website ? Karen look back at the screen . karen a better question would be ... who be the people live in you house ? int . dine room -- night Nathan eat dinner with he parent . only the sound of eating can be hear , as Kevin read the newspaper , and mara read a romance novel . Nathan just watch they eat and read -- wonder if he 's related to this people . finally : nathan anyone need the live room ? I want to watch some tv . kevin ( without look up ) it 's all yours . int . live room -- moment later Nathan turn on the television . he approach the bookcase next to the fireplace . he sift through the album , before find one mark : '' 1992 ~- 1993 " as he flip through the album , he see picture of himself , with he parent , at a very young age . the album be fill photo of the whole family . he take the album and open a nearby file cabinet , which contain bill , medical info , travel brochure , mortgage info , etc . he reach he own folder , and pull out he birth certificate . it read : nathan thomas harper July 25th , 1991 certify by Vassar Brothers Hospital Nathan examine both side of the paper , not really know what a fake one would look like . 28 . kevin ( 0.s. ) whatcha get there ? startle , Nathan quickly turn around . Kevin stare at he in front of the open file cabinet . nathan I , um ... lose my driver 's license . and I need my birth certificate to get a new one . kevin oh ... Kevin see the family album lie on the floor . he look at the album and back at Nathan . kevin ( cont 'd ) listen , Nathan . you mother and I would like to have a talk with you tomorrow , after school , okay ? nathan about what ? kevin well ... we will tell you tomorrow . Nathan nod , nervously . ext . public park -- day across from Nathan 's High School , from a distance , the older man sit on a park bench , feed the pigeon . eventually , when no one be look , he lift up a pair of tiny binocular . lens Pov : Nathan get on he school bus -- he 's the last one on . the bus pull out of the parking lot , into the street , and drive away . the older man pack up he binocular , and leave , as well . int . library -- afternoon Nathan use one of the public computer to Google more research . he keep come back to the page of the miss child . he stare at the website page of young Steven spade . he hold up some of he childhood picture against the computer screen . he 's identical to this boy . he click the ' contact page 's . 29 . a 1 - 800 phone number pop up . Nathan stare at the number , hold he phone . he look back and forth at the picture , the phone number , and he cell phone . he decide to dial the number . female operator ( v.o . ) hello . National Center for miss Children . how may I help you ? nathan ( phone ) um ... I have a question about one of the child list on you website . female operator ( v.o. ) what 's you name , sir ? nathan ( phone ) Nathan ... Nathan harper . female operator ( v.o. ) okay , Nathan . which child ? nathan ( phone ) Steven spade . silence for a moment . finally : female operator ( v.o. ) do you think you have see he , sir ? int . basement den -- simultaneous the older man be eat a bowl of oatmeal , when he hear Nathan 's conversation come through he computer . he seem concerned , and put on a pair of headphone to get a better listen : nathan ( v.o. ) I think I have see he . maybe , it be he . I be not sure - female operator ( v.o. ) what 's you location ? where do you think you see he ? nathan ( v.o. ) bridgewater , Virginia . 30 . female operator ( v.o. ) you address ? int . library -- simultaneous Nathan 's not quite sure why the Operator would want he address . female operator May I have you address , sir ? Nathan feel weird about the conversation -- hang up . int . basement den -- simultaneous the older man open a program on he computer . the program have a visual representation of Nathan 's voice and the Operator 's voice . he scan over a earlier part of the conversation , and press the spacebar : female operator ( v.o. ) hello . National Center for miss Children . how may I help you ? nathan ( v.o. ) um ... I have a question about one of the child list on you website ... as the conversation continue , the older man : - tracks the 1- 800 phone number Nathan call . - open the miss person website . - find the Steven spade page , with Nathan 's young picture on it . he pick up he phone , and press a three - number code . after a beep on the other line , he speak : older man Martin , I think we might have a problem , here . a big problem . I be go to check on it , now . if I do not hear from you in the hour , I 's will send the kid to rasmus . he hang up and grab he trench coat off the back of he chair . he put on a baseball cap and run up a set of creaky step before slamming the door behind he . 31 . int . gilly 's bedroom -- next day gilly be look over the photograph of young Nathan . he examine the back , the front , the edge , the thickness , the amount of glare , etc . gilly definitely not photoshop . one - hour photo , disposable camera . look legit . nathan sorry to waste you time , man . gilly Nah , dude , this shit 's fun . let 's scan they in to get a better look . gilly toss a few in the scanner . blow they up on he computer . gilly ( cont 'd ) here 's you at two year old , at three - ish , and at five ... Nathan pace around the room , think he 's go crazy . nathan man , I need to get a grip . this be so stupid . forget I say anything - gilly whoa , whoa , whoa . wait a second ... Nathan go over to the computer -- look at the screen . gilly ( cont 'd ) this two picture ... nathan what ? gilly ( motion ) see this picture of you , from when you be two ? it 's cropped weird . gilly zoom in . gilly ( cont 'd ) slight outline of a person 's shoulder . ( motion ) and the same thing in this other photo . 32 . Nathan look back and forth at the two family photo . there 's someone off to the side in both picture , cropped out . nathan maybe it be take that way . gilly nope . clearly zoom in a touch . gilly take the picture out of the scanner and examine the back . gilly ( cont 'd ) any more photograph of you and you parent ? nathan not really . just a ton more of I , by myself . gilly so , this be it ? two family photo be all you have from you childhood ? nathan I ... I do not know . gilly Nathan , I get a million embarrassing family photo . a million cheesy picture of my parent smile at I like idiot . enough to make I wanna vomit . and you be tell I ... that you only have two ? int . nathan 's car -- dusk the day have become gloomy -- gray , cloudy sky . the sound of faint thunder rumble in the distance ... Nathan pull up to he house , where he see he dad work in the garage -- fix the weed - wacker . a slight rumble of thunder , echoe in the distance , as Nathan take a long look at he home . nathan my whole life be a lie ... 33 . ext . nathan 's house -- dusk when Nathan get out of the car , Kevin wave at he . Nathan ignore he , and walk towards the front door , where Karen be sit on the step . Karen sense he frustration . karen turn that frown upside down , man . Nathan keys open the door . karen ( cont 'd ) you okay ? you want I to go ? nathan no ... the last thing I want be for you to go . I just have to figure out how to confront they . int . front foyer -- continuous Nathan and Karen enter the house . mara be watch television in the other room -- the french open . karen ( whisper ) where 's you bathroom ? Nathan point down the hall . nathan second door on the leave . as Karen head to the bathroom , Nathan sneak up the stair , get to he room , and close the door . int . nathan 's bedroom -- continuous as soon as Nathan enter he room , he cell phone ring . he do not recognize the number , but pick it up . nathan ( phone ) hello ? older voice Nathan ? nathan ( phone ) yeah ? 34 . older voice be you alone ? nathan ( phone ) who be this ? older voice I be a friend of you father 's . nathan ( phone ) um , then why be you call I ? he 's right downstairs . older voice no ... not that father ... Nathan freeze . the door bell ring downstairs . Nathan run to the window -- look down below . nathan 's Pov : two men , dress in suit be patiently wait on he front stoop . nathan ( phone ) this be a prank call , right ? older voice if you be who I think you be , then this be definitely not a prank call . the doorbell ring again . hang up . nathan ( phone ) gilly put you up to this , right ? older voice I want you to think of you earliest memory . do it involve you parent ? if it do not , call I back in two minute . int . front foyer -- simultaneous mara open the door ajar , revealing two well - dress men . they both smile kindly . 35 . man 1 Mrs. harper ? mara yes ? man 1 my name be alek nevin , and this be Gregory Hill , from the National Center for miss Children . alek show he identification , as Gregory extend he hand . mara shake it . mara be there a problem ? alek we hate to bother you this late , mar ’am , but the ncme receive a troubling phone call earlier this evening from you son . mara what kind of phone call ? alek it 's probably nothing , but we think we should look into it , to make sure . May we come in ? mara sure . mara open the door all the way , and let 's they in . alek you have a beautiful place , Mrs. harper . mara thank you . alek my wife and I be look at house in this area , as a matter of fact . mara oh , well as you know , it 's a very safe neighborhood . int . bathroom -- simultaneous Karen open the door ajar , and see alek and Gregory in the live room . 36 . int . nathan 's bedroom -- simultaneous Nathan stare at he cell phone ... finally pick it up . dial . after a moment , the man answer . older voice well ? nathan ( phone ) a woman sing to I , in the dark , until I fall asleep ... and it 's not my mother . older voice and what do she sing to you ? nathan ( phone ) ( slightly embarrassed ) what difference do it make ? older voice be it ' que sera Sera 's ? Nathan turn white . nathan ( phone ) .-- how do you know that ? older voice you should not have call that website , Nathan . nathan ( phone ) who be this ? older voice you life be in great danger . you need to get out of that house . int . live room -- continuous alek sit across from mara , sip a glass of water . Gregory stay stand , look around the room . alek about a hour ago , you son call the ncme , claim he think he might have see himself list on one of they website . 37 . mara what website be that ? alek a affiliate site call miss person dot org . mara slyly reach behind the couch cushion , revealing a hide Glock 19 handgun , tuck inside the zipper . mara never hear of it . alek be you son around ? for we to ask he a couple question ? mara I think he 's out at the library , right now , if you would like to come back at another time ... alek let I ask you a question , Mrs. harper . do you feel it 's appropriate , to take what 's not yours ? mara Excuse I ? alek do you feel it 's appropriate , to take what be never yours ... jeanine . mara turn pale . int . bathroom -- simultaneous Karen watch the conversation through the crack open door . karen 's Pov : mara I think you must have I confuse with someone else . my name be mara harper . alek well ... it can not hurt to be sure . ( beat ) Gregory ? Gregory face a silencer at she head . 38 . mara pull out the Glock and shoot Gregory in the arm before he shoot she twice between the eye . pop ! pop ! Karen see the whole thing -- close the bathroom door and put she hand over she mouth . int . garage -- simultaneous Kevin hear the commotion from in the garage . he look out into the driveway , and see alek 's unfamiliar car . int . kitchen -- a moment later Kevin enter the kitchen from the garage , and hear : alek just deal with the father . I x11 get the kid . Kevin open one of the cabinet and push all the can food out of the way . in the back of the cabinet , be a secret panel . he open the panel , revealing a beretta tomcat handgun with a silencer . he attaches the silencer , and hide behind the open kitchen door . int . nathan 's room -- simultaneous Nathan barely hear the shot downstairs . he look up from he cell phone . older voice meet I at Jackie 's pub in half a hour . alone . Nathan walk towards he door , wonder what 's go on downstairs . older voice ( cont ’d ) Jackie 's pub. nine pm . be there . Nathan hang up -- open he door , and look downstairs . ext . nathan 's room -- continuous when Nathan peek out , he see alek come up the stair with a gun . 39 . int . nathan 's room -- continuous Nathan shut he bedroom door , lock it , and run towards the window , dropping he phone on the way . int . bathroom -- simultaneous Karen lock the bathroom door and crouch in the bathtub . she dial 911 . int . kitchen -- simultaneous as Gregory enter the kitchen , Kevin slam the door on he -- shoot he twice in the arm and shoulder . pop ! pop ! Gregory dive behind the kitchen island , and shoot Kevin back , just graze he leg . Kevin unload the rest of he mag , as he run to the other side of the kitchen . pop ! pop ! pop ! glass and plate shatter as Gregory hold he head down behind the island . Gregory aim he gun at a hang pot ... shoot ! the bullet ricochet off the pot , nipping Kevin in the neck . Gregory 's gun run out of bullet -- click click click . ext . nathan 's room -- simultaneous alek try Nathan 's door -- it 's lock . he get out he gun and aim at the doorknob . int . nathan 's room -- simultaneous Nathan try lift he bedroom window , but it 's jammed . the doorknob get shot out by alek . Nathan take he desk chair and smashes it through the window , as the door get kicked in . Nathan dive out the window ... ... landing fifteen foot below , denting the hood of alek 's sedan . int . kitchen -- simultaneous while Gregory try to change mag , Kevin toss he weapon away and attack Gregory , dismantle he gun in two second . 40 . they engage in hand -to-hand combat . this go on for a minute , as Kevin get the upper-hand . Kevin clearly have a special set of skill for this kind of fight , and eventually snap Gregory 's neck . Gregory drop to the floor . thud . ext . black sedan -- simultaneous Nathan pull himself off alek 's car . he see he mother ... through the open front door , lie dead on the couch . her eye be still open , look directly at he ... she seem serene . he see Kevin run out from the kitchen , into the live room . they lock eye for a second ... kevin run ! suddenly , Kevin get shot in the chest by alek , from the top of the stair ... he collapse on to the floor . nathan noooo !!! Nathan be shell - shocked . both he parent be dead . a gunshot snap he out of it . it 's alek , walk out the front door , point a gun at he . Nathan look over at he beat up volvo , and decide to make a run for it . alek continue to FIRE at he . Nathan manage to reach he car unscathed , and climb into the driver 's seat . he quickly fumble around for he key as more shot hit he windshield . he turn the ignition , and peel out of the driveway , crashing into the black sedan on he way into the street . ext . STREET -- a moment later Nathan speed down the street . after he drive through a stop sign , he slam on the break . he look in the rearview mirror ... nathan Karen ... should he go back for she ? 41 . int . nathan 's house -- moment later alek walk back inside , check all the door , to make sure no one else be in the house . he open a downstairs door -- closet . move on . he open another door -- Laundry room . empty . next stop , Karen 's bathroom . alek check the doorknob ... it 's lock . int . bathroom Karen hide in the darkness , watch the doorknob jiggle . after a second , the jiggling stop ... it get quiet . suddenly , two shot erupt , cause the doorknob to fall out of place . bam ! bam ! alek swing open the door and turn on the light ... the room look empty , but the shower curtain be close . alek swipe open the shower curtain ... no one 's there ... Karen be hide behind the door , tremble in fear . if alek turn to he right , he will see she face in the mirror . alek start turn he head ... .-- but he cell phone ring . he answer it in ukrainian . he calmly speak in ukrainian , for a moment , as Karen put she hand over mouth to keep dead silent . finally , alek leave the room . Karen slide down the wall , as she hear alek walk further away ... but she cell phone start to vibrate . she quickly fumble to shut it off - ext . hallway -- continuous alek hear Karen 's phone and run back towards the bathroom . CUT back and forth between Karen and alek as Karen shut the door on he and he struggle to push it open . 42 . the struggle continue , as alek slowly push the door open , aim he gun inside the room . the barrel take aim at Karen 's head . suddenly , Nathan run into the house , grab the gun out of he father 's dead hand , and run towards alek . nathan hey ! alek turn and see Nathan . he pull he arm out of the door and aim he gun at Nathan . but Nathan shoot he three time in the chest . bam ! bam ! bam ! alek fly back into a glass slide door , and drop to the floor . Nathan run towards he , hold he site on alek . Karen exit the bathroom . nathan ( cont 'd ) you okay ? Karen nod , clearly distraught . Nathan lean down , as alek spit up blood . nathan ( cont 'd ) ( angry ) who be you ? no response . Nathan grab he collar . nathan ( cont 'd ) who be you ? alek look into Nathan 's eye , and work up enough energy to speak . alek perhaps ... you should ask that question of yourself ... alek smile slightly , before he eye glaze over . Dead . Nathan lower he to the ground , completely shake with the past ten minute of he life . a very subtle ticking can be hear come from the kitchen . karen what 's ... that sound ? Nathan look up from he grief . 43. karen ( cont 'd ) sound like tick ... they both get up and peek into the kitchen from the hallway ... nathan and karen 's Pov : a wire bomb be strapped to the coffee maker , count down . 18 ... 17 ... 16 ... but before they can run - policeman 1 freeze ! two policeman have enter the house and have they gun on Nathan . policeman 2 Drop you weapon . karen no , you do not understand - nathan there 's a bomb in the house ! policeman 2 Drop you weapon ! Nathan toss away he gun . nathan fuck the weapon , we be all go to die in ten second ! karen this man kill he parent - policeman 1 you be under arrest . you have the right to remain silent - nathan there 's a bomb about to go off !! 8 ... 7 ... policeman 2 anything you say may be use against you - Nathan grab Karen 's hand , and swing open the closet door , block the policeman 's view . policeman one fire two shot , as Nathan and Karen run out the back door . bam ! bam !. 44 , policeman 2 notice the bomb on the coffee maker . 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... policeman 2 ( cont 'd ) shit. ext . nathan 's house -- continuous back of house : Nathan and Karen run out of the house , and dive into he in - ground swim pool . the house explode . it blows apart into a million piece . Glass everywhere . Wood spraying . it all go up in a instantaneous blaze . front of house : policeman 1 get incinerated , as policeman 2 manage to escape out the front door and dive onto the yard . back of house : Nathan and Karen stay under water , as a blanket of fire drape the pool for a few second . they hold hand under water , while the fire slowly dissipate . int . sheriff office -- night close - up : a nameplate that read : wesley carr sheriff wesley carr , 50 's , stocky , sit at he desk with he leg up , watch a baseball game and eat a deli sandwich . his phone ring -- pick up . wesley wesley . ( beat ) wesley quickly sit up , and grab a pen and paper . wesley ( cont 'd ) be right there . he hang up and press the intercom button . wesley ( cont 'd ) we get a explosion on casper Creek road . two officer down . 45 . int . nathan 's car -- night Nathan and Karen drive down the highway . Nathan bang the steering wheel repeatedly , in frustration . a car beeps , nearly hit they . Nathan swerve over to the shoulder , and stop the car for a moment . he try to recoup himself -- lean he head on the steering wheel . his face be red with sadness , confusion and anger . Karen gently touch he cheek , and direct he head towards she , for direct eye contact . karen if we call the police , it ’1ll give we the chance to explain thing , before they jump to conclusion . Nathan nod . karen ( cont 'd ) I witness the whole thing . as long as I be with you , you be fine . I be not leave you , you understand ? I be not leave you . Nathan slowly nod . karen ( cont 'd ) you have you cell ? Nathan shake he head . Karen check hers -- it 's soaking wet . karen ( cont 'd ) shit. mine 's fry . Nathan look at the clock . it read : 8:48 they pull back on to the highway and merge with traffic . ext . nathan 's house -- later that night siren flash everywhere . police officer , deputy sheriff , and firemen surround the house . multiple police car , fire truck , and ambulance be park all over the yard , as the fire blaze in every direction . on the outskirt of the police tape , neighborhood civilian quietly stand around , try to get a glimpse of the scene . firemen hose down the house , as wesley listen to policeman 2 's statement . policeman 2 be on a gurney , cover in ash , as paramedics check he ear and eye . 46 . policeman 2 my leave ear ... I can not hear anything out of my leave ear . wesley tell I what you see . policeman 2 .-- he be stand over multiple body , hold a gun . at least three victim . lot of blood . next thing we know , there 's a bomb ... in the kitchen . wesley you partner ? policeman 2 ( beat ) he 's go ... wesley back off the gurney , as they load policeman 2 into the ambulance . deputy wesley pay attention , everyone . and policemen surround he . wesley ( cont 'd ) Close the bridge , close the park , close the highway entrance . Close everything . I want checkpoint on the entire perimeter of bridgewater County . Bobby ? bobby fletcher , 35 , deputy detective , stand attention . wesley ( cont 'd ) call dayton , spring Creek , mount Crawford , everybody . let ‘em know what we be deal with . also , check the local gun shop . see if they have any recent red flag . fletcher yessir . wesley and get I a arson expert down here . I want to know what kind of ' bomb 's we be talk about . int . nathan 's car -- night Nathan and Karen pull up to a pack pub. Jackie 's pub. 47 . nathan you get a fake i.d.? Karen shake she head . nathan ( cont 'd ) all right . I be gonna go inside , make the call , and be out in five minute . okay ? karen five minute . maximum . ext . jackie 's pub -- night as Nathan get out of he car , and walk into the pub ... we see : a blink red light attach to the underside of he bumper . int . jackie 's pub -- moment later Nathan enter the pub , and immediately go to the payphone . he dial : 11 911 ( 0.s. ) 911 . nathan ( on phone ) hello , my name be Nathan harper , and I think my life 's in danger . 911 ( 0.s. ) okay , slow down , sir . where be you locate ? nathan ( on phone ) I be ah ... I be locate at ... suddenly , Nathan see himself on the television . he 's on the even News with the headline : bridgewater Teen suspected of killing Parents on tv : wesley carr be make a statement . 911 ( 0.s. ) Sir ? Sir , where be you locate ? Nathan slowly lower the receiver , as footage of he house burn down , intercut with wesley 's briefing . 48 . wesley ( on tv ) he be last see in a possession of a firearm . and he 's want in connection with the death of he parent , two unidentified victim , and a Police Officer . news reporter ( on tv ) be anyone else with he ? wesley ( on tv ) there be a girl with he . we do not know who she be , or whether or not she survive the explosion . news reporter ( on tv ) what should bridgewater resident do right now ? wesley ( on tv ) lock they door and stay inside . Nathan slowly hang up the phone , and duck into a dark corner , to watch the news report . as the News cut to the next segment , Nathan slump onto a bar stool in the deep , darkest corner of the pub . he 's in big trouble . ext . jackie 's pub -- simultaneous a Police car pull into the parking lot . it slowly scan the license plate . Karen see the squad car , move towards she . when the car approach , and shine its spotlight inside Nathan 's vehicle ... Karen be go . int . jackie 's pub -- simultaneous some patron begin to take notice of Nathan . they begin point at he , recognize he from the news . Nathan try to make he way out the front door , but three frat boy block he . as he try to get by , they hold he back . 49 . frat boy it 's he ! two construction worker help in hold Nathan down and disarming he , while he struggle to get free . construction worker call the police ! the bartender pick up the phone and dial . nathan you do not understand . I be innocent . construction worker tell it to the police . Nathan punch one of the frat boy in the face , attempt to get free . a Worker punch he back , try to hold he down . Nathan bite one of the Worker 's hand , and he scream in agony , as two other guy kick he and hold he down . a loud gunshot explode into the ceiling , cause everyone to scream and duck for cover ... it 's the older man , hold a smoking saw - off shotgun . he aim it at the man hold Nathan down . older man let he go . the frat boy and construction worker slowly let go of Nathan 's collar , and stand up with they hand in the air . the bar turn quiet . older man ( cont ’d ) straighten out he collar . the construction Worker straighten Nathan 's collar up . older man ( cont 'd ) tell he you be sorry , and that you believe he 's innocent . the construction worker slowly face Nathan . construction worker I be sorry ... and I believe you be innocent . older man good boy . now kindly open the door , and let we out . 50 . the construction Worker open the exit door , as Nathan and the older man exit the premise . ext . jackie 's pub -- continuous when Nathan and the older man rush out of the pub , the older man jam the door with a chair . Nathan quickly notice the squad car , shine its spotlight on he car . nathan 's Pov : Karen be not inside he car . Nathan start walk towards he car , when the older man stop he . older man you car 's be identify . there 's no go back . nathan Karen ... older man the police can not protect you , son . you come with I , or you die . that be you choice . the front door of the bar be be pushed open from the inside . the older man guide Nathan over to he pick - up truck and open the door for he . nathan wait a second . I do not even know you . older man I be the one who tell you to get out of that house . the older man get in the car and quickly start the engine . Nathan see the officer start to look in he direction . he get in the car . as they drive off , a large suv park nearby , turn it 's headlight on , and follow they . int . older man 's truck -- moment later Nathan look at the older man as he speed down the highway . 51 . older man the police ... weak to the advance of outside influence . prone to infection . they 's 1ll be buy by tomorrow morning . nathan who be you ? older man I be a bounty Hunter , hire by you father fourteen year ago to find and protect you , after they take you away . nathan protect I ? how come I have never see you before ? bounty hunter because , I only find you a few month ago . nathan a few month ago ? it take you fourteen year to find I ? bounty hunter no picture , no name , no DNA . it be a one in a million shot at find you , kid , believe I . the agency do not take any chance . nathan what agency ? bounty hunter open up the glove compartment . Nathan open the glove compartment . there be some official papers and ticket inside . nathan what be this ? bounty hunter tomorrow morning , you will take the 10:24 train to modesto . there , you will meet a man name Paul rasmus . he ’1ll know what to do . nathan Paul rasmus ... what do he look like ? bounty hunter I do not know . never meet he . 52 . nathan you never meet he ? listen , I do not know who you be , or what this be all about . but , you better start answer some of my question , or I be jump out of this car . start with , who be my real parent ? bounty hunter yesterday , you be a normal kid , think about college and pussy and all that other bullshit . today , you be a want man . by tomorrow morning , there 's 1ll be a entire country hunt you down . so , you better forget about who you parent be , and start worry about who you be . a beeping horn and bright headlight come out of nowhere . the large suv ram into they truck and start pushing they across the highway . they try to get out of the vehicle , but be wedge inside . ext . truck / highway -- continuous after a few second , they reach a bridge , and get pushed off the edge , landing thirty foot into a shallow river . crash ! the vehicle be half in the water , and half out . Three men get out of the suv with automatic weapon , and start shoot into the water . int . truck -- continuous Nathan feel he head , as bullet bounce off the windshield -- it must be bullet proof . he look over at the bounty Hunter , who be not move . nathan ( shaking he ) hey ! hey ! Nathan try to pry the bounty Hunter from he seatbelt , but notice a large gash on the side of he head . he 's dead . bullet continue to ricochet off the car , as the water fill the vehicle . Nathan grab the ticket , and pull the door handle -- it 's jammed . he struggle to open it , but the door be crush shut . he quickly climb over the bounty Hunter , to go out he door . 53 . ext . truck -- continuous Nathan kick open the door and dive into the river , as bullet whiz past he through the water . the river flow rapidly , and Nathan float away from the bridge quickly . he see the men crossing the bridge with bright flashlight , try to spot he . he put he head underwater , and glide downstream . his ticket get lose in the water . ext . river bank -- night Nathan wash up on a rocky shore . he 's exhaust and in pain . he crawl over some rock , and finally pass out . ext . nathan 's house -- dawn the house be a black , smoking , pile of hot ash . the skeletal frame be all that 's leave of Nathan 's entire past . wesley stand by , as forensics place policeman 1 into a body bag . the policeman be burnt to a crisp . fletcher arrive with another man ; jack shapiro , 40 's , calm and unassume . fletcher boss , this be Jack Shapiro , from the marshal 's Office . he 's the arson expert you ask for . wesley shake hand with Jack . wesley please to meet you , Mr. Shapiro . as you can see , we have quite a mess here . Jack nod , while look at the blacken structure . wesley ( cont 'd ) now ah , whatever you find in there , you tell I about it first . not the marshal 's office . understood ? jack not a problem . Jack quietly enter the house , carry he investigative material . a deputy approach wesley with he cb . 54 . deputy Sir , they find a truck in the river up off Route 17 . ext . bridge -- dawn a large crane lift the bounty Hunter 's truck out of the water . his corpse be inside , still wedge into the driver 's seat . the bridge be block off by police and ambulance . wesley shake he head , ' what a mess 's . ext . riverbank -- dawn Nathan sleep on the rock , as the sun rise . dream sequence : blackness a echo -y rendition of ' que Sera Sera 's plays , way off in the distance . the shadow woman appear out of the dark . her face be just barely in the darkness , while she she hold up young Nathan and spin he around . it 's a joyous , surreal moment , as laughing can be hear . his laugh -- the laugh of a small child . when she face come into the light ... she 's a skeleton . end of dream Nathan wake up from the nightmare . his blood be dry , and he lip be chap . he 's cold . he slowly get up , and head into the wood . int . rite aid -- early morning elevator music fill the aisle . Nathan , wear dark sunglass , sift through the aisle , look for certain survival item . he grab a backpack , electric buzzer , cheap binocular , and some carve knife . moment later Nathan reach the cashier , 20 , stoner - dude . he hand the cashier a soak twenty dollar bill . 55 . the cashier grab the tip of the bill , daintily , and slowly peel it open . it 's gross look . he look at Nathan in disbelief . cashier really ? int . gas station bathroom -- morning Nathan buzze all of he hair off to change he appearance . he put some band - aid and gauze on he wound and scratch . int . diner phone booth -- morning Nathan put in a quarter , and dial the phone . gilly ( v.0 . ) hello ? nathan ( phone ) gilly , it 's I . gilly ( v.0o . ) dude , what the fuck ?! ext . road -- morning Nathan wait by the side of the road , behind a tree . a car 's headlight appear in the distance . when the car approach , it pull over in front of Nathan . it 's gilly . Nathan toss he backpack into the trunk , and get in the passenger seat -- duck down . int . gilly 's car -- continuo gilly drive the speed limit , listen to the local news . Nathan 's name come up , constantly . gilly cop everywhere , man . you be lucky you make it outside of town . nathan I be lucky to be alive . gilly check my wallet . 56 . Nathan open gilly 's wallet -- three fake id 's with Nathan 's picture on they . nathan what 's all this ? gilly Three different identity in three different state . I even photoshop off you hair , to match . you be gonna be one covert motherfucker . Nathan scan through the ids -- Virginia , New York , California . different name be list on each card . nathan wow . gilly this be my finest , finest work , dude . what you be hold , be work of art . nathan thanks , man . gilly you need a gun ? gilly lift up a blanket on the back seat . a assortment of handgun be hide underneath . nathan you know how I feel about gun . gilly well , if you do not turn yourself in , and there be people try to kill you ... I be gonna have to insist you take one of that bad boy for protection . nathan I be not turn myself in . gilly maybe you can still explain everything . nathan explain what ? that my parent be not who they say they be ? who 's gonna believe that ? especially now that my house be go , the evidence be go , and the cop think I be a mass murderer . 57 . gilly good point . but it get worse every minute you be on the run , dude . nathan if I do turn myself in , it will not be to this local schmocal cop . I / x11 go to the FBI if I do not find this rasmus guy . gilly start pull over . nathan ( cont 'd ) why be we stop ? Nathan see Karen come out of the wood , and watch she jump in the back seat . nathan ( cont 'd ) what the hell be this ? gilly she call right after you , dude ! karen I just get out of a internet cafe . nathan well , I be really happy for you , but you should not be with I , right now . karen no , listen . they erase that website with you picture on it . it 's like it never exist . nathan listen to I , Karen . I be in a lot of trouble , here . my fate be look pretty grim . but you ... you have not be identify yet . you should get out , while you still can . suddenly , Karen 's name get mention on the radio : radio announcer Police now suspect that the girl who escape with Nathan harper , may be Karen lowell , he next door neighbor . she 's be miss since last night , and be work on a school project with the suspect for the past week ... 58 . Karen shut it off ... slowly lean back in she seat . finally : karen I be come with you . ext . large train station -- morning gilly drop off Nathan and Karen . after Nathan shut the door , he lean in the window , to shake gilly 's hand . nathan no gun , brother . gilly you better come back to I , man . I only have one best friend . Nathan smile -- nod . gilly ( cont 'd ) I be serious . you be careful . nathan I will . Nathan walk with Karen into the station . int . large train station -- morning the Station be fill with commuter and traveler , busily walk to they allot train . Karen and Nathan enter the Station . the large clock read : 10:16 ticket counter Nathan reach the ticket teller , 40' , female , glass . nathan two ticket for modesto , please ? ticket teller the 10:24 ? nathan yes . how long be the trip ? 59 . ticket teller Three day , three night . the ticket teller print up the ticket , while Nathan hand over the cash . ticket teller ( cont ’d ) ( hand ticket over ) better hurry . int . above -ground train platform -- morning pack with passengers and porter . Nathan and Karen reach the conductor . he examine they ticket , look at they , and let they on the train . int . food car -- moment later Karen and Nathan make they way through the food car , before enter the : sleeping car hallway they reach room 42 -- open they door . ext . above -ground train platform -- simultaneous just as the conductor be about to close the door , a man run up , just in time to hand the conductor a ticket . he 's mid 30 's , wear glass and a casual suit . we will call he the stranger . the Stranger kindly smile at the conductor , who let he on the train . int . room 42 -- continuous Karen and Nathan enter they room , and put down they bag . Nathan look out the window , hearing the whistle blow , and watch the train leave the platform . he shut the blind -- open the overhead compartment with a cot . Karen turn on the lamp . 60 . nathan you can sleep on the cot tonight . i’1l take the couch . karen who be we suppose to meet at the end of this rainbow ? nathan I do not know . some guy name rasmus . Paul rasmus . karen that 's it ? nathan ( defeat ) that 's all I get . I keep think I be in this nightmare , and I be gonna wake up , at any moment . but , it do not happen . karen maybe we go to the FBI ? Nathan shrug . Karen take out a first Aid kit and grab some cotton ball and begin dabbing some of Nathan 's facial scar . karen ( cont 'd ) you have get glass stick all over you . take off you shirt . Nathan reluctantly take off he shirt . Karen pick out some small shard of glass from Nathan 's skin . he wince . karen ( cont 'd ) hold still . after she 's through , they look at each other . they lean in to each other slightly , on the verge of a kiss ... finally : karen ( cont 'd ) I ... I be kind of tired . have not sleep in twenty four hour . Nathan nod . he back off . train hallway the Stranger bump into a car attendant . 61 . car attendant sorry , sir . stranger my fault . when the attendant disappear , the Stranger take out a sheet of paper , which he pick -pockete -- a list of all the passenger . the Stranger scan the list -- no list for ' harper 's . dissolve to : room 42 -- late afternoon Nathan sleep on the couch , before Karen wake he up . karen I be go to get some food . Nathan nod , wiping he eye . nathan be careful . Karen nod and grab some cash . on she way out the door , she think of something : karen I will knock twice before key in . if you do not hear two knock ... it 's not I . nathan okay . Karen leave . dine car Karen be on line at the buffet . she lops on potato and green bean and chicken -- enough to feed a army . the Stranger get on line next to she -- smile at she . stranger hi. karen hi. 62. stranger lot of food there . you must be hungry . Karen smile and nod , grab a couple of roll . she hand she food ticket to the buffet lady at the end of the long table . the Buffet Lady look at the amount of food on she plate . Karen , not want to cause a scene , hand over Nathan 's ticket , as well . the Stranger see the second ticket -- he know she 's not alone . Karen leave the food car . the Stranger put down he food , and follow she . sleeping car hallway Karen walk down the hallway , balance the food with she hand . without Karen notice , the Stranger come up behind she . another passenger walk by , pass both of they . when the passenger be go , the Stranger put he hand over Karen 's mouth . the food fall to the ground -- plate shatter . the Stranger punch Karen twice in the face , knock she out . he quickly key into he room , and haul she inside . he come back out to clean up the mess , when a steward happen to walk by . steward oh , do you drop it ? stranger ( kindly ) yeah , sorry ... steward it 's no problem , I will clean it up . stranger thank you so much . steward I will get you a new food ticket in a few minute , okay ? 63 . stranger thank you . that would be great . the Stranger enter he room -- shut the door . room 13 the Stranger drag Karen further inside he room -- she face bloody , she body limp . he lean over she , take out a gun , and jam the silencer deep in to she mouth . he check she pocket for she room key -- find it . room 42 . stranger do you understand the importance of tell the truth , Karen ? Karen , barely conscious , nod . stranger ( cont 'd ) be there a secret knock , or password , I should know about before enter the room ? Karen slowly shake she head ' no’ , tear form in she eye . the Stranger look deep into she eye -- she 's lie . stranger ( cont 'd ) such a shame . he take out a cigar cutter with he other hand , and place she leave index finger inside the cutter . he apply pressure with the cutter , clamping down on she finger , but not all the way . Karen emit muffled scream of agony . stranger ( cont 'd ) be there a secret knock , or password , I should know about before enter the room ? Karen slowly nod . stranger ( cont 'd ) and what be it ? he take the gun out of she mouth for she to speak . karen ( shortness of breath ) two ... knock . 64 . stranger two knock , then enter ? Karen nod , crying . the Stranger look deep into she eye -- it 's the truth . he slowly take she finger out of the cutter -- smile . stranger ( cont 'd ) if I go there , and you have lie to I ... he snap the cutter . SNAP . SNAP . SNAP . stranger ( cont 'd ) one by one . room 42 Nathan peak through the half - open blind , watch the world go by . he look over at Karen 's coat -- a small bottle of pepperball pepper spray stick out of she inside pocket . Nathan smile , and pick it up . the label read : warning : severe irritant he put the bottle down and check he watch -- it 's take Karen a while to come back . sleeping car hallway the Stranger enter the hallway , as another female passenger walk by . the Stranger smile kindly at the passenger , but as soon as she disappear around the corner , he smile disappear , as well . he approach room 42 -- knock twice , before keying into the room . room 42 the Stranger enter , gun in hand -- no sign of Nathan . the Stranger quietly move towards the bathroom , and kick open the door -- no Nathan . he look up at the close upper compartment -- aim he gun at it . he reach for the handle , slowly ... then pull it down ... no Nathan . 65 . dine car Nathan be scan the dining car , wonder where Karen could be . he do not see she , and head back towards he room . room 42 when Nathan reach he room , he get out he key to open the door , but notice something odd next to the doorknob ... blood . just a small speck of blood above the doorknob . he hear someone in the room , and quickly step to the side . the Stranger exit the room , look in the other direction . Nathan quickly sneak inside the room , and shut the door , but the Stranger catch it before it 's completely close . Nathan punch he finger and try to jam they by slamming close the door . but the Stranger be stronger than Nathan , and push back open the door , grabbing Nathan by the neck . they struggle against each other , until Nathan momentarily get the upper hand . he hold he arm around the stranger neck , as tight as he can . the Stranger , arm wail around , shoot he gun three time , blasting the window into piece . the wind blows hard from outside , as the Stranger manage to get free from Nathan 's grip , and grab Nathan 's neck , in return . they struggle reach the newly destroy window , as the Stranger lean Nathan onto shard of glass , while grasp he neck . the Stranger take out a tranquilizer gun , and press it against Nathan 's neck . but Nathan grab Karen 's pepper spray , and squirt it in the Stranger 's face . as the Stranger groans in pain , Nathan grab he tranquilizer gun and inject it twice into the Stranger 's adam 's apple , cause he eye to bug out in agony . Nathan hold the gun on he neck , as the Stranger eventually collapse on top of he . Nathan roll the Stranger off of he , and quickly check he pocket -- ukrainian passport , Russian memo , and photograph of Nathan , from newspaper clipping . he take all of it . he look for the Stranger 's key -- find it -- room 13 . 66 . as Nathan lift the Stranger up , he wake up ! he start grabbing for Nathan 's neck again , yelling something in ukrainian . Nathan flop he on to the ledge of the window -- push he off the train . he watch the Stranger land on the parallel track , snapping he neck . but he also see a young boy , in the next car , lean out the window , witness the whole thing . the boy look directly at Nathan -- oop . sleeping car hallway Nathan exit he room , with he backpack and Karen 's thing . on he way down the hallway , the train come to a screeching halt . Nathan fall backwards , along with a couple other passengers , but quickly get up and run down the hallway . next car Nathan reach room 13 , and get out the Stranger 's key . sound of commotion can be hear in the distance , as people be realize that a man be throw off the train . room 13 Nathan enter room 13 , and see Karen , beat , bloody , pass out , and tie to the radiator . worried for she life , Nathan lean over she , and check she pulse . nathan ( whisper ) Karen ? Karen ? she 's conscious , but very weak . nathan ( cont 'd ) say something . karen ( barely audible ) something ... Nathan help she up . nathan stay with I ... stay with I ... 67 . the train come to a final jolt , as the train worker investigate the situation , somewhere outside . Nathan be on borrow time -- he need to think fast . nathan ( cont 'd ) can you walk if I help you ? Karen nod . in between car Nathan pull the ‘emergency 's latch on the exit door , and get off the train , hold Karen as a crutch . the alarm ring . ext . train -- continuous Nathan help Karen off the train . he see worker and conductor , way off in the distance , at the end of the train surround the Stranger 's body . he duck into the wood with Karen , before anyone can see they . int . nathan 's house -- day Jack Shapiro , and he partner , marcus lang , 30s , nigerian , tall and slender , quietly chip away at evidence within the house . Marcus remove a piece of molding on the ceiling , as Jack get up on a step ladder to review what 's behind it . Jack reach inside , and grab a tiny plastic ball , with wire attach to it . he dust off some ash , revealing a tiny glass lens on one side . Jack and Marcus look at each other in confirmation . int . wesley 's office -- day wesley , Jack , Marcus , and fletcher be present . all be seat . Jack light up a cigarette , admire a knitted quilt , hang on wesley 's wall . jack Love the quilt . 68 . wesley thank you . my wife make it . Marcus dump five of the plastic ball on the desk . wesley ( cont 'd ) what the hell be this ? jack pinhole camera . found they in five different room of the house , include Nathan harper 's bedroom . wesley pick one up , and examine it . Marcus dump more object on the desk , as they discuss . wesley well , what the hell do that mean ? voyeurism ? jack they look like surveillance camera , monitor from a remote location , not within the house . the snipped wire suggest communication be cut off some time ago . whether he parent know about they or not , be anyone 's guess . wesley turn he attention to another pile of wire and gadgetry . wesley and this ? jack rdx plastic explosive . the Russians use this to blow out foxhole in Afghanistan in the 80x . this be the skunk that wipe out the house , and you can not find it at the local candy store . wesley point at a melt gun , next to the bomb . jack ( cont 'd ) that 's a stetchkin aps pistol . also make in Russia . Ukraine , specifically . custom make to fit a m4 silencer . again , this toy can not be buy in America . wesley you be say ? 69 . jack I be say when forensics check the unidentified victim 's tooth , it 's possible they will not find a match in the United States . my recommendation , for what it 's worth , be to contact the FBI . wesley let 's see what forensics say . until then , I have appreciate it if we keep this information in this room . Jack and Marcus get up to leave . jack not a problem . but think of it this way : if this kid have even a shred of innocence ... then you would better find he , before the Russians do . wesley we have get over seventy man out there , look for he . Jack open the door to exit . one last think . jack personally , I have be most worried about the camera . wesley why 's that ? jack because there 's always someone behind they .... someone who know more than you . ext . ghost town STREET -- day lens Pov : Nathan walk Karen through a small , near-deserted town in middle America . photo be snapped . only a few store front be open . the rest of the building be condemn or be close year ago . a couple scattered car and a strong wind be the only sign of life here . lens Pov : more snapped photo of Nathan and Karen enter a small pharmacy . int . SMALL pharmacy -- continuo Nathan and Karen enter the tiny ma- and - pop shop . 70 . a old storekeeper man the counter . a old woman , presumably the storekeeper 's wife , be stock shelf . Nathan approach the storekeeper . nathan where be we ? old storekeeper drug store . nathan what state ? old storekeeper ( confuse ) kentucky . the storekeeper look at Karen -- black eye , dry blood , smear make -up . nathan we be in ... a car accident . we need first aid . old storekeeper ( motion ) right over there . Karen find the first Aid kit , and take one . nathan you get a bathroom we could use for a few minute ? old storekeeper we get a hospital , which be where that girl belong . the Old woman approach they . old woman oh come on , George . nearest hospital 's fifteen mile away . ( to Nathan ) I will fix she up in the back room . Hospital would charge you a thousand dollar for a band -aid . nathan ( smile ) thank you . the Old woman lead Karen into the back room . a awkward silence between Nathan and the storekeeper . then : 71 . old storekeeper population here be a hundred and twelve ... and you be not one of ‘em . nathan we be come to visit some friend , and - old storekeeper what friend ? who ? I know everyone . nathan ummm ... I better go check on my ... girlfriend . old storekeeper how about the man in the shiny car , across the street ? be they you ' friend 's too ? Nathan look out the store window . nathan 's Pov : two men sit in a car across the street , look back at he . Nathan turn pale . he can not run forever -- notice the handle of a gun tuck behind the storekeeper 's counter . he throw down a wad of money . nathan I will give you fifty dollar for the shotgun behind the counter . old storekeeper you outta you mind ? nathan hundre dollar . old storekeeper I be not sellin’ you my shotgun . nathan two hundred dollar . the storekeeper grab he shotgun from behind the counter , and aim it at Nathan 's face . old storekeeper you have get two minute to get out of my store . get you girl and go . 72 . int . back room -- continuous the Old woman have clean up Karen a bit . they be smile and get along fine , when Nathan walk in . nathan ( to woman ) Excuse I , mar ’am . May I have a moment ? old woman of course . the woman leave the room as Nathan kneel down next to Karen . nathan how you do ? karen better . you ? nathan ( beat ) when I see you , in that room ... not know what have happen ... it make I so angry , my heart sink . ( beat ) I think you be dead . Karen realize Nathan be come undone , a little . karen I be not dead , okay ? I be right here , and we be both alive , and that 's what 's important . we be go to figure this thing out , okay ? Nathan nod , not believe she . finally : nathan there be two man outside , wait for we . karen be you sure ? Nathan nod , as Karen get up and try the window . it budge a little . karen ( cont 'd ) then we have to get out of here . 73. nathan ( sarcastic ) maybe we should walk up to they and ask they what they want ? Karen open the window all the way . karen not a option . nathan what if there be no Paul rasmus ? and even if there be , what 's he go to do for I ? I be a dead man . karen Nathan , if you lose it , then I be go to lose it . Karen grab Nathan and force he up . karen ( cont 'd ) we be go out this window , together . understand ? Nathan nod , as he help Karen up to go out the window first . outside as soon as Karen land on the ground outside , a car pull up out of nowhere and block she in the alley . nathan Karen ! Three men get out of the car to grab she , as she run in the other direction . but another car block the other side . the Men grab Karen , hold she mouth , as Nathan stand helpless in the window . nathan ( cont 'd ) karen ! ! int . SMALL pharmacy -- continuous Nathan burst out of the back room and swipe the shotgun out of the storekeeper 's hand . old storekeeper hey ! Nathan walk up to the front , and swing the door open , aim the shotgun at the Men across the street . 74 . ext . SMALL pharmacy -- continuous Nathan cock the shotgun . nathan what do you want with we !? the Men exit the car and walk towards he . nathan ( cont 'd ) what do you want ?! do not get any closer ! suddenly , multiple men come out of the storefront into the street . one of they be frank boyer , 50' , well - dress . he take a i.d. out of he pocket . boyer ( calmly ) put the gun down , Nathan . nathan one step closer , and I pull the trigger . boyer we be CIA , Nathan . nathan bullshit . boyer my name be Frank boyer , and I work for the CIA . you can check my identification . boyer toss he id in front of Nathan . Nathan pick up the card , and examine it , then toss the id back towards boyer . nathan I would not know a fake one from a real one , anyway . suddenly , dr . bennett , Nathan 's therapist , get out of a nearby vehicle , hold he hand up in the air . nathan ( cont 'd ) what the hell be this ? boyer he work for we , Nathan . he 's just one of many people , just like you parent , hire to protect you . 75 . dr . bennett it 's okay , Nathan . it 's go to be all right . boyer look around you , Nathan . take a long , good look . Nathan glance around at over twenty agent , stand in the street . boyer ( cont 'd ) no one have a gun ... no one 's threaten you . Nathan realize he 's right . tear of anger and confusion swell in Nathan 's eye . he see a car pull up , with Karen sit in the back seat . she seem to be all right . nathan if you be the CIA , then what 's my real name ? boyer Nathan spade . nathan Steven spade . boyer Steven be you middle name . it be always Nathan ... ever since you be bear . nathan and how would you know that ? boyer ( beat ) because I name you . int . dr . bennett 's office -- night wesley and fletcher observe Nathan 's therapist 's office . it 's be emptied out . the drawer , the shelf , the desk , everything be go . fletcher a disappear shrink . that 's a new one . wesley Secretary ? 76 . fletcher go , too . no one 's hear from either one of they since last night . wesley well , we better check for print . voice ( 0.s. ) do not bother . he 's one of ours . wesley and fletcher turn to find two men , wear casual suit , inside the room . wesley can I help you ? man 1 yes you can , Mr. carr. ( pull out a badge ) we work for the CIA , and we have Nathan harper in we custody . wesley examine the badge . wesley what for ? man 1 that 's confidential . wesley well , I have a officer in the hospital who be not gonna like that answer . man 1 Nathan harper be clear of any charge you or the state of Virginia have against he . wesley under what authority ? man 2 under the authority of the vice President of the United States , as well as the Attorney General . fletcher ( beat ) who the hell be this kid ? man 1 take out a briefcase , with some folder and photograph inside . he hand a pile of folder to wesley . 77 . man 1 you be go to take you deputy and officer off the case , and tell the Press that you find Nathan harper , dead , near casper Creek . wesley open the folder , and see doctore photo of Nathan , drown by the Creek . wesley Jesus Christ ... man 2 we will send you a ' prep agent 's in a hour , who will provide you with you statement and report . he will guide you through the next few day . man 1 you never see we . we be never here . the Men get ready to leave , as wesley look over the material , dumbfounded . wesley one last thing . the Men stop . wesley ( cont 'd ) where would you find he ? man 1 booneville , kentucky . hour ago . look like you checkpoint do not work out . they leave . int . interrogation van -- night Nathan sit inside the move van . Frank boyer sit across from he . another agent , agent 1 , 40' , bulky , stand in the dark corner , like a bodyguard . boyer push a cup of coffee in front of Nathan . nathan where 's Karen ? 78 . boyer she 's on she way back home . Nathan look around the van : it 's teched out with computer and monitoring equipment -- wire , tap , computer screen , headphone , gadget , laptop , walkie-talky , landline , foreign device , etc . nathan Home ? she will not be safe there . maybe you do not get the memo , but there be people try to kill we . boyer we be not so sure they be try to kill you . nathan ( amused ) really ? because I have be shot at , stab , bomb , and nearly strangle to death in the past twenty four hour . I do not think this people be try to be my friend . boyer yet , you be still alive . boyer toss a folder in front of Nathan . nathan what 's this ? boyer it 's a comprehensive list of every enemy you have , dead or alive . Nathan open the folder , revealing photograph of alek nevin , Gregory Hill , the Stranger , Victor kozlow , and other file of people Nathan 's never see before . it contain they aliase , height , weight , age , affiliation , and last know point and place of interest . nathan this be a joke , right ? I do not even know this people ... boyer but they know you . and more importantly , they know you father . Nathan look up from the folder . nathan my father ? 79 . the Van stop . the back door open , revealing a runway of a private airport . ext . private airport -- continuous boyer , Nathan , and a dozen agent walk across a long runway to get to a large private plane . boyer you father be a Black ops agent name Martin spade . nickname ' the Locust 's . he 's a deep clandestine operative , who 's be work in the field for over twenty five year . because of the nature of he work , he have a long list of enemy . nathan so now they be my enemy ? boyer no one at the CIA even know what he look like any more , except for I . if any of the people in that folder get a hold of you , they could use you to lure Martin out . and if they lure he out , it could put the United States at risk . you be clearly worth more alive , then dead . nathan well , that 's a relief . I feel so much more comfortable now . boyer you should , under we protective custody . nathan where be you protective custody when my house blow up ? boyer surveillance be pull three year ago , at you parent request . nathan why ? boyer because they want you to live a normal life . ( more ) 80 . boyer ( cont 'd ) I agree to pull the plug , as long as a third party keep a watchful eye over you . that be Dr. Barrett . boyer stop at the step lead to the plane -- look at Nathan . boyer ( cont 'd ) they love you , Nathan . they take the opportunity to bring you up , and seize it with everything they have to offer ... I be truly sorry that all this have happen . but we be go to get through this thing , all right . I need you to trust I . nathan trust need to be earn . you be not anywhere near that . int . western union -- early evening wesley be at the cash window , wait for the female employee to find he on she computer . finally : employee Wire transfer from Mr. conklin ? wesley yes . employee here it be . it will be a thirty two dollar fee , sir . wesley ( smile ) not a problem . ext . western union -- moment later wesley get on a pay phone and dial a number he have write on a piece of paper . a strange voice answer . strange voice yes . wesley hey , I , ah ... receive you kind donation . no response . awkward silence . 81. wesley ( cont 'd ) but you should know that the CIA come to I today . they find he in booneville , kentucky . I can give you a head up with any information they give I , if you want — strange voice we will not be need you any more . click CUT to : int . house -- simultaneous the man with the strange voice hang up the cell phone ... it 's Victor kozlow . he 's fifteen year older from when we last see he ( at the beginning of the script ) . he 's sit on a couch , look out a bay window . he place the cell phone inside a leather case with twenty other cell phone -- zip it up . he pick up a pair of binocular and look out the window . kozlow ’'s Pov : Nathan 's burnt down house . just as we realize kozlow 's location , we see a dead neighbor , lie on the carpet . his throat 's be slit . becker ( also fifteen year older ) stand over the Dead man , wiping the blood off he knife . int . private plane -- night Frank boyer and tom shealy , 50 's , sit across from Nathan , at the back of the plane . Tom be another agent . boyer Nathan , this be Tom shealy . he will be help we , over the next few hour . shealy hello , Nathan . Tom shealy extend he hand , but Nathan ignore it . he keep he sight on boyer . nathan helping we with what ? boyer nod for Tom to explain . 82. shealy when you be three year old , a former ukrainian kgb operative name Victor kozlow track down and kill one of we agent . during the siege , he find a folder contain sensitive information about Martin 's life ... include picture of you and the fact that you exist . shealy hand Nathan the file on kozlow , along with the photograph of Nathan from when he be young . nathan and where be my mother during all this ? boyer you mother ... be the agent that kozlow kill . I be sorry ... boyer hand Nathan a photograph of he real mother . ( the woman from the beginning of the script ) . she 's smile , hold a young Nathan in she arm . boyer ( cont 'd ) her name be lorna gibbon . Nathan be immediately affect by the image . thing start come back to he . flash : the woman in Nathan 's dream come out of the shadow ... it 's the woman in this picture . she finally have a face . back to : boyer . boyer ( cont 'd ) sometimes , photo of you would appear on the web . we take they down , track they . Dead end . nathan so , why do not you guy go out there and get this asshole ? boyer and shealy look at each other . shealy because he disappear a few year ago . he be the top assassin in the Ukraine , with a ally Soviet network . untouchable . ( more ) 83. shealy ( cont 'd ) on CIA 's most want list ... then one day , poof ... go . disappear . boyer a apparent retirement . shealy of which he 's be bring out of . we special activity division be up in arm about it , to say the least . Nathan look back at the picture of he mother . nathan I want to meet my father . boyer ( to shealy ) Tom , can we have a minute ? Tom oblige -- walk up front . boyer ( cont 'd ) I be afraid that 's impossible . nathan why ? boyer the reason you be hide away in the first place be to protect you father from be compromise by any threat on he love one . he have no friend , no family , and therefore no distraction . nathan but he do have a family . he have a son . boyer not that he know of . Nathan be stunne . nathan what be you talk about ? boyer the day you be bear , you father be half way across the world . he be completely unaware of you mother 's pregnancy . 84 . nathan that 's impossible . I meet a man who say he be hire by my father to find I . this be news to boyer . boyer who ? what man ? what be he name ? nathan he do not tell I he name . boyer well , what do he look like ? when be this ? Nathan stand up , angry . nathan you give I away to stranger . boyer tell I who this man be . nathan you pull the surveillance . Left I for dead ! boyer stand up , too . boyer I give you a name and a life ! and when you mother die , I appoint you a new set of parent , a new home , and a unblemish existence . I know every grade you ever receive , every girl you ever kiss , and every nightmare that haunt you in you sleep . ( beat ) I know everything there be to know about you , Nathan , so please give I the courtesy of sit back down while we sort this situation out . Nathan sit back down . int . house -- night kozlow and becker sit in the same house as before , in the dark . they sit in silence . finally , a car pull up across the street . it park in the driveway next to Nathan 's house -- Karen 's house . 85 . two CIA agent get out of the car , follow by Karen . kozlow and becker look at each other . this be who they have be wait for . ext . airfield -- later that night the private plane land on a airstrip . int . private plane -- night while boyer be not pay attention , Nathan look through some of the note that he find on the Stranger . most of they be write in ukrainian . some key word be in English . as he scan through some of the note , one passage pop out at he .. a american phone number be list . Nathan look over at a bulky aircraft phone right next to the bathroom . he look over at boyer , who be on he laptop . nathan I be go to the bathroom . boyer nod , barely pay attention . Nathan get up to use the bathroom , but pick up the aircraft phone instead . dial the Stranger 's list number . once the phone start ringing , he hear another cell phone ringing at the front of the plane ... it 's Tom shealy 's cell phone . shealy pick up . shealy hello ? shealy 's voice echoes inside Nathan 's phone . shealy ( cont 'd ) hello ?... hello ? Nathan look up at Tom shealy . he turn pale -- hang up the phone quickly . he think for a second . finally , he pick the phone back up , and stretch its cord across the aisle , hook it into the back leg of a seat . boyer look at he watch -- look out the window at the runway . 86 . he check to see if Nathan be back in he seat -- not yet . suddenly , he hear the alarm go off at the back of the plane . boyer get up and run to the back , but trip over the phone cord , on he way . agent 1 follow boyer to the back door , to see what 's go on ... boyer 's Pov : the emergency exit have be open , with the raft laid out . Nathan be go . ext . private airport / runway -- dawn Nathan run for he life across the runway , as the sun rise . the nearest building in the small , barren airport , be a one - story Control Tower . he see a Control Tower in the distance , and head for it . int . private airplane -- simultaneous boyer get out he cell . boyer he 's escape ! but as soon as boyer turn around , he realize Tom shealy be hold a gun on he . boyer be shocked . boyer ( cont 'd ) what be this ? tom shealy it 's nothing personal Frank . all kozlow want be the kid . he have no intention of harm anyone . agent 1 come from behind boyer , and handcuffs he . boyer why , Tom ? why ? tom shealy you know why , Frank . int . control tower -- simultaneous as soon as Nathan enter the tower , he see two AIR traffic controllers stand inside . when they turn around , he realize , they be not Air traffic controller at all ... it 's Victor kozlow and he partner , becker . 87 . kozlow hello , young man . with nowhere to run , Nathan slowly walk backwards out of the Tower , back on to the runway . kozlow ( cont 'd ) there 's nowhere to go , my friend . ext . runway -- continuous Nathan see boyer , be hold by agent 1 , and Tom shealy , wait for he outside . Nathan be trap , as becker come from behind he , and put a strangle hold on he . kozlow slowly exit the Tower , and take a good look at boyer . kozlow you be not aging well , Frank . be under some stress ? boyer look at shealy , in disbelief . then to kozlow : boyer take I , for god 's sake . I be Martin 's only contact . kozlow laugh . kozlow it run a lot deeper than that , Frank . do not it ? Nathan try to get free , but becker tighten he hold . kozlow ( cont 'd ) tell Nathan ... the truth about Martin spade . boyer he 's a emissary for the United States of - kozlow he break the fourth geneva convention , Frank . kill civilian ... woman , child . boyer it be a accident , and you know it . 88. kozlow tell Nathan the name of the child Martin murder , year ago . boyer I be a accident - kozlow tell he the name of the child . agent 1 push the gun up against boyer 's neck . finally : boyer kozlow ... Peter kozlow . kozlow my son ... on he eleventh birthday . Nathan realize the kind of danger he 's in . but he 's helpless . tom shealy ( to boyer ) ( softly ) how many people have to die , for we to save this one kid , Frank ? all we have to do , be give he the kid , and he go away . it 's for the best . boyer all that year ... Tom . all that year ... we be friend . tom shealy it 's just a simple trade , Frank . no more , no less . Tom place a chloroform rag in boyer 's mouth , cause he to be sedate . becker inject a syringe into Nathan 's neck , cause he to pass out , as well . blackout int . room 231 -- day Nathan slowly wake up , tie to a chair , inside a hotel room . he have a rag in he mouth , cause he to breathe loudly through he nose . he drearily look around , and see that Victor kozlow be sit across from he ... and Karen be tie up in a chair next to he -- rag in mouth , as well . 89 . kozlow motion for becker to take the rag out of Nathan 's mouth . Nathan stare at kozlow intently , while becker take it out . kozlow smile . kozlow at last we meet . nathan why be she here ? kozlow because she mean something to you . nathan let she go . I do not care what you do to I ... just let she go . kozlow thank you for further prove my point . Nathan look around the room . he see the canadian National Tower ( cn Tower ) outside the large window . it 's a beautiful structure , with a big , gorgeous blue sky surround it . something about this room be familiar . kozlow ( cont 'd ) astonish view , be not it ? I think it would be serendipitous to bring you here , before we take you back to odessa . nathan I do not get it . kozlow this be the room where you mother take she last breath . Nathan immediately know he 's right . his anger begin to swell inside he . nathan you kill she ... kozlow that 's not true , Nathan . I have no intention of kill you mother . nathan bullshit . 90 . kozlow well , you should know better than anyone ... you be in the room when it happen . Nathan take pause . nathan what be you talk about ? kozlow you do not remember , do you ? quick flashback : - the cn Tower - the suitcase on the bed back to . kozlow . kozlow ( cont 'd ) it 's a funny thing , the human mind . I have outsmart some of the world 's finest leader . cover my track meticulously , systematically and with great caution over the year . I take great pride in my attention to detail . but in this hotel room , I make one tiny , colossal mistake ... ( beat ) I forget to check under the bed . nathan ( think ) the bed ?... quick flashback : Nathan 's mother , lorna , year earlier , be gasping for air , while kozlow kneel over she . kozlow ( 0.s. ) ..- what you be feel right now , be you nervous system deteriorate . if you answer my question correctly , you can keep the mask . if not , I will keep the mask . do you understand ? as Nathan 's mother nod , we see ... nathan , three year old , hide under the bed , gasping for air , witness the whole thing . gl . kozlow place the mask back on lorna . kozlow ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) now , I will ask you one more time ... woman and in that one time ... you will get the same answer . lorna rip the mask off , and toss it under the bed ... .-- to young Nathan , who immediately put it on . back to : kozlow : kozlow I be not a monster , Nathan . it 's not my style to kill a lowly CIA analyst . but , she sacrifice she life , so that you could live yours ... quick flashback : Nathan , under the bed with the mask on , watch he mother take she last breath ... he 's terrify . he watch kozlow and becker 's foot , as they exit the room . the siren from below get louder . he look at he mother ... she 's go . back to : kozlow . kozlow ( cont 'd ) I leave the room with a gray folder , when I could have have the crown jewel . kozlow throw up he arm . kozlow ( cont 'd ) c'est la vie . better late than never . ext . cn tower / steeple -- simultaneous amidst the big , beautiful sky , we see the end of a sniper rifle peek out behind the tip of the Tower . scope Pov : the hotel room -- with Nathan , Karen , kozlow , becker . Tom shealy , and agent 1 . 1500 yard away . 92 . kozlow be obscure by Nathan and Karen . int . room 231 -- simultaneous kozlow adjust he seat to be closer to Nathan . kozlow Martin , at he core , be a evil soul , Nathan . he have no moral code . well , I be go to take a page from he notebook . I be go to let it be know that I have Martin spade 's son ... and when he come to get you , which I know he will ... he 's go to find you cut up in to a thousand piece ... start with you ear ... kozlow touch Nathan 's ear . Nathan pull away . kozlow ( cont 'd ) then you eye ... suddenly , three bullet pearce through the window , hitting agent 1 in the head and chest . he drop to the floor instantaneously . everyone else spread in different direction -- hide behind wall . kozlow , becker and Tom shealy get out they gun . silence ... as a pool of blood develop under agent 1 's head . Nathan and Karen be right in the middle of the room in full view . Karen be crying . everyone look out the window to see where the bullet come from . as Tom peek out from behind the wall , he get shot through he right eye . blood splatter , as he drop to the ground with a thud . kozlow ( cont 'd ) ( in ukrainian ) where be he !? becker take a small mirror to get a look out the window . the reflection show a man in black , way off in the distance on the top of the cn Tower . the mirror get shot , and shatter into a hundred fragment . 93 . Nathan see Karen cry -- try to pull free from the rope . it dawns on he ... nathan ( whisper ) we be out in the open ... but he 's not shoot at we . Karen nod in confirmation . becker load a semi-automatic . kozlow ( in ukrainian ) he 's on the top of the cn Tower , yes ? becker nod . nathan ( under he breath ) cn Tower ... suddenly , two bullet pearce though the rope that tie Nathan to the chair . two more pearce through Karen 's rope . before kozlow realize they be free : nathan ( cont 'd ) ( to Karen ) run ! Nathan and Karen run out the door , as kozlow shoot at they . becker take he semi-automatic and aim it at the ceiling . he fire off a round , cause the ceiling to obstruct the sniper 's view and the sprinklers and alarm to go off . int . hallway -- continuous Nathan and Karen run down the hallway , as becker exit the room , chase they , shoot . ext . HOTEL room -- moment later Nathan and Karen run out of the lobby , into the street , toward the cn Tower . becker chase they through the street , shoot he gun , cause car to crash and people to scream and hide in every direction . 94 . int . cn tower lobby -- continuous Nathan and Karen enter the cn Tower lobby -- Nathan jam a chair inside the revolve door . security guard hey ! hold it right there - the glass get shot out by becker , cause tourist to run and scream and scatter in every direction . bam ! bam ! bam ! Nathan and Karen run to one of the elevator , as security guard get wipe out , one by one , by becker . Nathan jab away at the elevator button , hope the door will close before becker get to they . becker run towards the elevator , shoot at the back wall . finally , when the door slowly close , becker 's hand reach in between the door . Karen take the emergency phone and hammer at he finger , until he let go -- the door close . int . elevator -- continuous the elevator have a glass floor panel . as the elevator rise , becker shoot out the glass , cause Nathan and Karen to have to cling tight to the side wall ... '' what a difference a Day make '' play over the elevator speaker , as Karen and Nathan wait to get to the top . nathan ( calmly ) you have get to get everyone into the stairwell . Karen nod . finally : karen be that the best you have get ? nathan ( beat ) yup . int . space deck -- continuous bing . the elevator door open to the higher Sky pod , a observation deck over 1,400 foot above the ground . the view be breathtaking -- oversee 70 mile of land , city and ocean . 95 . tourist be everywhere , and becker be most assuredly on the next elevator to arrive . Nathan run to a ticket taker . nathan you have get to stop the elevator . ticket taker okay , just calm down - nathan you have get to stop the elevator !! Karen run to random people , urging they to get off the deck immediately . two guard notice Nathan and Karen cause panic . guard 1 hey ! where be you ticket ? nathan there 's no time ! everyone have to evacuate the deck . Guard 2 take out a tazer and aim it at Nathan . guard 2 I be go to ask you to step back , sir . the next elevator arrive . ding . Nathan get behind the Guard . the elevator open , revealing becker with he semi-automatic . he start shoot up the place -- beginning with the Guards . Nathan shield himself with the Guard , as tourist and patron scream and run for they life . becker have go completely mad , blowing out half the window as people duck for cover . a harsh wind come in from the outside , sucking some people over the ledge . Nathan pull the gun from the dead Guard 's holster , but becker run at he , strong . Nathan start run towards the ledge , as becker shoot at he . Nathan slip and fall over the edge , catch the floor railing . his gun slide over to Karen . Nathan dangle off the side of the Space deck , watch another female tourist lose she grasp and fall to she death . 96 . the plunge to death be so far below that she scream fade into silence . Nathan try to maintain a grip , as becker slowly walk to the edge , and stand over he . becker slowly grind he shoe into Nathan 's right hand , cause it to let go . he start grind on Nathan 's other hand . Nathan wince in agony , as he prepare to let go and fall 1400 foot . suddenly , two shot hit becker in the back ... he slowly fall towards Nathan , pass over he , and plunging to he death . nathan 's Pov : a hand with a black glove extend over the ledge ... Nathan grab the hand as the sniper , dress head to toe in black , help he up to safety . when Nathan fully stand up , he look eye - to - eye at the sniper , whose face be obscure by a black mask ... be this he father ? they look at each other for a moment , before the sniper open he mouth to say something . sniper December 18th , 1994 . you mother be go to meet I here , at the tower ... to introduce I to you ... Long pause . finally : sniper ( cont 'd ) but , she never show up . suddenly , the sniper get shot in the side of he neck . and then shot in the rib , cause he to fall off the ledge . nathan nooooo0 !!! the sniper barely catch the floor railing . he dangle off the ledge , wounded . kozlow , hold the smoking gun , take aim at Nathan ... but kozlow get shot in the chest , before he can pull off another shot . reveal : Karen , hold the Guard 's gun , tremble . 97 . Nathan grab another gun off the floor , and shoot kozlow multiple time , make sure he 's dead for good . kozlow drop he gun , and fall to the ground , coughing up blood . as Nathan get closer to he , he realize kozlow have a bullet - proof jacket on . he 's alive , but in bad shape . Nathan hold he sight on kozlow . kozlow do it ... aim the gun at my head and pull the trigger . do what father know best ... Karen walk to the ledge where the sniper fall . Nathan look at she -- she shake she head , ‘he 's go 's . kozlow ( cont 'd ) now , the CIA ... be you father . New life , new name , new home ... ( look at Karen ) New girl ... you 's 1ll be own by they ... forever . Nathan take aim at kozlow 's head -- the anger swell inside he . kozlow ( cont 'd ) ( cough more blood ) please , Nathan ... put I out of my misery . let I be ... with my son ... Nathan take pause . this statement have a profound impact on he . he begin lowering he weapon . he look at the elevator -- two of they will arrive in less than a minute . Nathan grab a Guards 's handcuffs and put they on kozlow . karen what be you do ? nathan I need to be on my own . karen what do you mean ? Nathan finish put on the handcuffs . nathan he 's right . I need to find myself , before they define who I be . 98 . karen but , you do not have any money , any - nathan I will get by . find my way . the elevator be about to open . nathan ( cont 'd ) I just want you to know that ... they look at each other , as Nathan try to find the word . finally , Karen kiss he -- a sweet kiss , cut off short by : ding . the elevator open , and numerous toronto police officer and official storm out , on to the deck . but only Karen be in they sight when they arrive . toronto police ( to Karen ) put you hand up ! the police gather other tourist and victims , who be take cover . - they arrest kozlow - they escort Karen off the floor ext . cn tower -- moment later slow motion : as the tourist and patron be lead out of the building ... Nathan be among they , blend right in , hang he head low , so as not to be notice amidst the chaos . when he get out in a courtyard , to safety , he look up at the tall tower . one last look ... and then disappear into a alleyway . int . CIA headquarters / conference room -- day phone ringing off the hook . it 's a mad house . Frank boyer pace around the conference room , while multiple agent answer the phone and talk to various source . he look agitate , want answer . a young agent approach he . 99 . young agent we have more information about shealy - boyer I do not care about shealy . where 's Nathan harper ? another agent hang up he phone . another agent no sign of harper or the sniper , sir . boyer look at he assistant , lance . boyer spade ? lance no word , yet . boyer hang he head in frustration . int . wesley 's office -- day wesley sit at he desk , pay off a large outstanding bill on he mortgage . fletcher walk in , as wesley quickly hide the document . fletcher ( hand he the note ) this just come in for you . wesley open the note , as fletcher leave . it read : Love the quilt . be not it a little crooked ? wesley look up at he wife 's quilt , hang up on the wall . it 's definitely a little off kilter . he get up and walk over to it . but just before he adjust it , he notice a tiny hole puncture in the middle . he take the quilt off the wall to see what 's behind it ... it 's a small spy camera , look right at he . wesley grab the camera , and immediately rip it off the attach wire . 100 . ext . deputy 's office -- later wesley , some officer , and a tech guy stand outside the precinct . the tech guy crack open a pipe attach to the brick wall , and see some strange wire . tech guy look like someone hack in through the phone line . int . lab -- later a lab technician come up with a trace from the newly — find wire . lab technician we get a address . kilton Hotel , room 512 , two block away . 1414 South Christopher Street - wesley and he deputy run out of the room . int . kilton HOTEL -- hallway wesley and numerous deputy approach room 512 with they gun out . wesley knock on the door . no answer . wesley open up ! Police ! no response . wesley nod for a deputy to slide a key card to unlock the door . once the door unlocks , they barge into the room , with they weapon out ... but no one be inside . they see multiple run television monitor with surveillance video -- every room of the precinct be be watch . there be wiretap equipment , place on the bed with memo note attach , read : upstair bedroom , kitchen , live room ... wesley look closer at one of the surveillance monitor . wesley ( cont 'd ) my house ... fletcher realize the memo note be for wesley . fletcher all you phone , sir ... 101 . wesley start to realize he 's in a world of shit . a dvd player rest on a table top . a small memo note read : play I ! wesley press play . footage appear on the screen of Jack Shapiro , when he be in wesley 's office the day before . it start from when Jack and Marcus be on they way out the door : jack ( on tv ) personally , I have be most worried about the camera . wesley ( on tv ) why 's that ? jack ( on tv ) because there 's always someone behind they .... someone who know more than you . the screen go to black . wesley gulp , as fletcher receive a note from a fellow officer . fletcher Sir , the marshal 's office claim they never hear of a ' Jack Shapiro 's over there . they do not even have a arson expert . another deputy play a tape-recorder on the bed . audio : wesley ( v.o. ) ... you should know that the CIA come to I today . they find he in booneville , kentucky . I can give you a head up with any information they give I , if you want — strange voice we will not be need you any - wesley quickly press stop on the recorder . suddenly , a gun be aim at wesley ... Three FBI agent be in the room . 102 . FBI agent wesley carr ? wesley look at they , dumbfounded . they take out they badge . FBI agent ( cont ’d ) we be federal agent , and you be under arrest for conspiracy of treason as well as tamper with a ongoing investigation ... int . frank boyer 's office -- night boyer be on he cell phone , pace around he office . boyer ( phone ) I do not authorize a sting operation . FBI agent ( v.o. ) we get he on at least six federal offence . boyer 's assistant , lance , bring boyer a coffee , and place it next to a red phone on boyer 's desk . boyer ( phone ) let 's get something straight . the CIA take no responsibility for any surveillance of a sheriff wesley carr . FBI agent ( v.o. ) well , somebody do it . and they have this guy tapped every which way from Sunday . carr keep mention somebody name Jack Shapiro . boyer ( phone ) never hear of he . FBI agent ( v.o. ) neither have the marshal 's office . gotta be one of yours . boyer ( phone ) I be tell you , I never hear of a Jack Shapiro . 103 . suddenly , boyer 's red phone ring . it 's a very important phone . boyer look at it . FBI agent ( v.o. ) gotta be this guy , Jack Shapiro . boyer ( phone ) who the hell be jack shapiro !? the red phone ring again . lance point at the phone . lance Sir ...? boyer stare at the red phone . it ring again . he slowly close he cell phone ... and walk over to the red phone ... pick it up . boyer ( beat ) boyer . jack shapiro ( v.o. ) hello , Frank ... boyer ( phone ) Martin ... CUT to : int . nice bathroom -- night Jack Shapiro , on a headset , with he shirt off , be calmly stitching up a wound in he neck -- the wound he get save Nathan 's life . he 's Martin spade . intercut : boyer / Martin conversation . martin I find he , Frank . you do a good job hide he . but I find he . boyer he 's umm ... perfectly safe now , Martin . martin that 's not what I hear . 104 . boyer you be suppose to be off the grid right now . the fact that you be make this call , tell I you let personal feeling compromise the job at hand . martin I be in the field ... where I belong . and you be sit behind a desk ... where you belong . Martin put on a tuxedo shirt and start buttone it up . hide he stitches with the shirt collar . boyer still , the nature of this call , put into question you ability to perform you job . if I find out that you make contact with Nathan again , I will be force to recommend pull you out of the field ... indefinitely . martin save the empty threat , Frank . boyer they be the only threat I have get . martin Fair enough . I promise to hold up my end of the bargain , as long as you hold up yours . boyer we will do everything in we power to find he , and protect he , Martin . you have my word . Martin put on a bow tie . martin good . because if I find out he life 's in danger again . or if anything should happen to he . you will not be sit behind a desk anymore , Frank . you 's 1ll be lie in a open casket . Martin hang up . stay with martin Martin adjust he bow tie , and put on a sharp tuxedo jacket . he grab a tiny handgun off the sink , and place in he inside pocket . he it 105 . he exit the bathroom into : int . large ballroom -- night sweep music fill the air . it 's the '' blue denube waltz '' by strauss . hundred of guest in tuxedo and evening gowns be dance , chatting , eat and drink . a beautiful woman approach Martin . she reach she hand out for a dance . beautiful woman be you ready , darling ? martin of course , my dear . they immediately sweep into the dance floor , dance to the music . Martin be a excellent dancer , and he have this woman in the palm of he hand . ext . lone cabin -- late afternoon a open desert landscape , with wind blow hard in all direction . as tumbleweed float by ... a old , run down cabin stand alone . the chime on the porch jingle in the wind . Old buddha sculpture and African art decorate the cabin . the outside wall be fill with aboriginal face mask and indian feather . Nathan stand a few yard from the cabin , look at it . fade in title card : fifteen mile outside modesto ext . porch -- moment later Nathan approach the front door , and knock . after a moment , a man open the door ... it 's Marcus lang . ( Jack Shapiro 's arson partner from earlier ) he look at Nathan , for a moment , but do not speak . finally : nathan be you Paul rasmus ? 106 . Marcus nod . nathan ( cont 'd ) do you know who I be ? rasmus ( british accent ) no. nathan you be suppose to meet I , a couple day ago . on a overnight train from Virginia ? rasmus I be sorry . I think you have I mix up with someone else . rasmus try to shut the door . Nathan hold it open . nathan well , be there another Paul rasmus in modesto ? it 's important . rasmus I really could not tell you . I do not know . Nathan look defeat -- out of option . nathan I be ... look for information about my father . if you know anything - rasmus I be sorry . I wish I could help . rasmus try shutting the door , again . Nathan hold it open , again . nathan ( desperate ) please ... as Nathan hold the door , he see rasmus 's wife and three child inside , sit at the dinner table . they look back at he , wonder what 's go on . Nathan have clearly interrupt a family supper . he feel bad -- let go of the door . nathan ( cont 'd ) I be sorry to have bother you . 107 . Nathan walk away towards the road . int . rasmusa kitchen -- moment later rasmus sit down at the table to continue eat he dinner . wife who be that , hun ? rasmus someone with the wrong address . rasmus 's wife nod and start make funny face at they son , 6 , who return the gesture . they be the cutest family in the world . close on : rasmus , look at he beautiful family -- conflict . ext . bus stop -- dusk Nathan wait , by himself , at a lonely bus stop in the middle of the desert . the wind still blows heavily , as Nathan watch the sun go down . where to go from here ? he take out the picture of he mother that boyer give he . he feel more lose and lonely than ever . in the distance , a old volkswagon beetle come into view , drive towards the stop . the beetle pull up , in front of Nathan ... it 's rasmus . he do not look at Nathan -- look straight ahead , think . the engine stay on . Nathan get up , and approach the passenger side window . after a long moment ... rasmus turn and look at he . rasmus get in . blackout the end