the adventure of tintin : the secret of the unicorn by Steven moffat and Edgar wright & Joe cornish base on the book by herge 10/30/2011 fade in : iconic tintin movie credit sequence credit play over a fast - pace mini- action adventure , give a flavour of who tintin be , and the exotic place he find himself . a sense of the history of the character , place he in context for both a long - time reader , and new moviegoer . as the credit sequence end , we push in towards a brilliant orb , which separate into swirl colour and transform into ... ext . STREET market - day the swirling colour of a artist palate . a STREET artist , bear a uncanny resemblance to herge , be sketching a young man with he back to the camera . they be in the middle of a busy street market . STREET artist very nearly there , sir . I have to say , you face be familiar . have I draw you before ? tintin ( 0.c. ) occasionally . STREET artist of course , I have see you in the newspaper . you be a reporter ? angle on : a white dog be sit , look a little bored , at the subject 's foot . the dog whimper . tintin I be a journalist . be patient , snowy - not much longer . two patent leather shoe enter frame , distracting snowy . snowy leave to follow the man , who deftly pick the pocket of market patron as he go . angle on : snowy as he trot through the crowd , keep he eye on the pickpocket . the pickpocket bump into another market patron and snatch they wallet . pickpocket I do beg you pardon . angle on : snowy follow the pickpocket as a hand continue to snatch wallet and handbags from they unsuspecting owner . STREET artist there . I believe I have capture something of you likeness . the STREET artist hand tintin the picture , show the cartoon tintin . we fully - dimensional tintin admire it . tintin not bad . what do you think , snowy ? tintin look around - snowy be not there . tintin ( cont ’d ) ( exasperate ) snowy ... tintin hand money to the artist and leave , in search of snowy . tintin ( cont 'd ) there you be , sir . now , where 's he run off to ? as tintin stroil through the market , he pass two pair of eye ( the thom ( p ) son ) , peer through hole cut in a newspaper . thompson anything ? thomson nothing ! tintin cross behind they . tintin snowy ! tintin have pause by a stall sell mirror , which reflect multiple image of he famous quiff . a dog bark . snowy run over . tintin ( cont 'd ) where have you be , heh ? Chasing cat again ? angle on : tintin , just as something have catch he eye in the reflection of a stall sell cheap antique . tintin ( cont ’d ) snowy - look at this ! close on : a magnificent model sailing ship in a glass case . tintin and snowy walk towards it and bend down to take a closer look . tintin lean in closer . intricate detail fill the frame , as if the boat be real . we can almost hear the sea , the shout of sailor , the cry of gull . tintin ( cont ‘d ) triple masted , double deck , fifty gun . be not she a beauty ? crabtree ( 0.s. ) that 's a very unique specimen , that be . the seller , crabtree , be sit at he stall . crabtree ( cont ’d ) from a old sea captain 's estate , tintin the unicorn ... crabtree unicorn . '' man-o - War '' sailing ship . it 's very old , that be . sixteenth century ! tintin seventeenth , I would think . crabtree reign of Charles the first ! tintin Charles the second . crabtree that 's what I say , Charles the second . as fine a ship as ever sail the seven seas . you will not find another one of this , mate . and it 's only two quid . tintin I all give you a pound . crabtree ( relieved ) done ! crabtree stand as tintin pay he . angle on : barnaby , a large man in a tight blue suit , be lumber through the market , distract and under pressure . crabtree lift the model ship from the case and hand it over . crabtree ( cont 'd ) gently do it . barnaby continue to shove he way through the crowd . market patron Excuse I ! crabtree release the boat into tintin 's hand . crabtree there you go , careful ! suddenly : a american voice ! barnaby ( 0.s. ) hey , bud ... barnaby arrive at the stall , out of breath . barnaby ( cont 'd ) ...how much for the boat ? crabtree I be sorry , I just sell it to this young go . barnaby oh yeah ? tell I what you pay and I will give you double . crabtree ( appal ) double ? tintin thanks , but it 's not for sale . barnaby look , kid , I be try to help you out - I do not think you realize this , but you be about to walk into a whole mess of danger . tintin what kind of danger ? barnaby 's expression change to a look of alarm . barnaby I be warning you - get rid of the boat and get out while you still can ! this people do not play nice . barnaby move back into the crowd . tintin what people ? voice ( 0.c. ) wonderful ! tintin turn around to find a tall , stooped - man stand behind he - this be sakharine . he wear a long macintosh and tall bowler , with a coal black beard , fierce bright eye and pince - nez . sakharine it 's just , wonderful ! do not bother wrapping it , I will take it - ' as be '. do anybody object if I pay by cheque ? crabtree if you want to buy it , you will have to talk to the kid ! sakharine I see . well , let the kid name he price . crabtree ( quiet despair ) name he price ?? ten yeare I have be flog bric-a- brac and I miss '' name you price '' by one bleedin’ minute ! tintin I be sorry . I already explain to the other gentleman - sakharine frown , lock around . crabtree american - he be . all hair oil and no sock ! tintin it 's not for sale . sakharine then let I appeal to you better nature . I have recently acquire marlinspike Hall and this ship , as I be sure you be aware , be once part of the estate . tintin of the late sea captain ? sakharine the family fall upon hard time , lose everything . they have be live in a cloud of bad luck ever since . we be talk generation of drink and irrational behavior - tintin I '' sorry but as I tell you before , it 's not for sale . sakharine glare at tintin . tintin ( cont ’d ) good day to you , sir . tintin tuck the model ship under he arm , nod politely , and leave . snowy cock he snout indignantly and follow . sakharine that young man - what 's he name ? crabtree him ? everybody know he . that 's tintin . close on : sakharine as the camera close in on he inscrutable face . int . tintin 's apartment - day tintin and snowy enter . tintin what be it about this ship ? why have it attract so much attention ? he set the model down on he sideboard . tintin study the model ship ... tintin ( cont 'd ) what secret do you hold ? 7. tintin hurry to the next room . he take off he coat and set it down on the couch . he enter a small office and hunt around he desk for he magnify glass ; a old typewriter sit there in pride of place , surround by artifact from far- off place . tintin ( cont ’d ) ah ! where ia that magnify glaas ? as tintin look around - we see glimpsis of he life : frame picture and newspaper stories , feature past adventure . tintin pose with familiar character from early travel . tintin ( cont ’d ) could have swear it be ... no . where could it possibly be ? snowy , you have not see ... he move to the large bookcase . tintin ( cont 'd ) where be it ? snowy surprise he , he be hold the magnify glaas in he jaw . tintin ( cont ‘d ) thank you . tintin take it . close on : magnifying glass . he turn around to find the cat stand in the doorway . snowy turn and growls ! tintin ( cont ’d ) no , snowy ! angle on : a white cat have slip in through the open window . snowy instantly bark and chase the cat , which spring back up into the live room . tintin rush back into the live room , and finda snowy chase the cat . the cat swing wildly from a chandelier , climb up the drape and over a bookshelf ; snowy go above it . as he race across the sideboard after the cat , he knock over the unicorn ! tintin chase the cat towards the window and slide on the floor . he hear the crash ! tintin spin around the SOUND . close on : the model ship lie on the floor ... mast break off near the base , tintin gently pick up the broken model ship . tintin ( cont 'd ) ( annoyed ) look what you do . you break it ! bad dog ! he turn the ship over , not notice a SMALL metal tube that drop onto the floor . close on : tintin move closer to the sideboard and unknowingly kick the tube under the low cabinet . snowy try to paw at it , but it roll away ... the more snowy paw at it , the further he push it ... until it roll all the way under the cabinet . close on : tintin examine the damage ... the mast be hollow , and have snap near the deck , tintin pute the mast loosely back in place . tintin ( cont 'd ) something happen on this ship . and we be go to the one place that could have the answer ... tintin grab hia coat and head out of the apartment . tintin ( cont 'd ) c'mon , snowy . tintin and snowy leave the apartment . someone be watch through binocular from outside the window . they focus on the ship . int . library - evening angle on : tintin site in the gothic library , a tiny figure dwarf by tower shelf . close on : tintin be read a old thick maritime encyclopedia . he turn the page and whisper to snowy . tintin ( low whiaper ) here it be ! " Sir Francis haddock of marlinspike Hall the last Captain of the ill-fate unicorn ... ( more ) close on : tintin ( cont 'd ) the ship set sail from Barbados in 1676 on one of the most ruinous voyage in maritime history ... ship never reach destination ... a old illustration of the unicorn under full sail . tintin ( cont ’d ) «-. attack by pirate , all hand lose except for one survivor . when Sir Francis be rescue and return home , he be convinced he name have be curse . the unicorn 's manifest state that it be carry a cargo of rum and tobacco bound for Europe , but it be long claim the ship be carry a secret cargo ... tintin glance at snowy , puzzle ... tintin ( cont 'd ) what be the ship carry , snowy ? tintin turn another page and keep read ... tintin ( cont 'd ) historian have try and fail to discover what happen on that fatal voyage - but Sir Francis 's last word : ' only a true haddock will discover the secret of the unicorn . 's tintin turn the page to continue , then put the book down and grab another , flipping through the page . a familiar blue-suite figure sneak between the aiale ... tintin take a look behind he shoulder - there be no one . close on : tintin be a little creepe out . a storm be brewing , and rain beat on the library window . tintin think he 's be watch . lightn strike outside . int . 26 labrador STREET hallway - evening angle on : tintin enter the hallway . tintin I have miss something , snowy . we need to take a closer look at that model . 10 . he walk up the stair . int . tintin 's flat - evening tintin open the door and enter . the model ship have vanish . tintin of course it 's go ! how could I be so stupid ? ext . marlinspike hall countryside - night a fade sign indicate '' marlinspike hall '' can still be read . angle on : tintin and snowy hurry along in the shadow of a high brick wall that surround a country estate . a full moon cast spooky shadow through skeletal tree , blow in the wind . with every gust , a carpet of dead leave lift into the air . angle on : the rusting iron gate , cover with ivy . tintin reach the gate he try to open they , to no avail . suddenly , snowy appear on the other side . tintin how would you do that ? snowy show tintin a hole in the crumble wall . tintin ( cont ’d ) clever boy . tintin squeeze through the hole , with snowy close behind ... ext . marlinspike hall ground - night angle on : tintin and snowy cross the heavily wood estate to a dark mansion . angle on : marlinspike hall ... a once - grand chateau - style country house , now look very sad and neglect . empty and dark . tintin walk up to the step . will . angle on : tintin 's flashlight sweep and settles on a coat of arm , carve into stone above the front door . a large fish dominate the design . tintin ( whisper ) a coat of arm ... why do that look familiar ? ( realize ) hang on a minute ... that fish ! it 's a haddock ! of course - marlinspike Hall be the old haddock estate ... snowy quickly head off on in the wrong direction . tintin ( cont 'd ) snowy ! a slaver guard dog growl and charge at tintin from out of the shadow ! angle on : tintin race away from the dog , leaping fall tree and ducking low branch , with the hound snap at he heel . tintin approach a stone wall as the dog be almost upon he . suddenly , snowy leap from the bramble and bark angrily at the guard dog . the larger dog cower and whine , submit to snowy 's ferocity . tintin ( cont ‘d ) well do , snowy ! good boy . tintin pet he head . the guard dog playfully run about snowy on the front lawn , as tintin unlatch a break window and climb inside . int . marlinspike hall - night angle on : tintin slowly push open the window inside the mansion and carefully sweep he flashlight through a darken room . everything be coat in layer of dust and the furniture be cover in great white sheet . a shadowy figure stealthily walk alongside he . tintin move through a door into a side room , where he see a distinctive shape hide beneath a sheet . in one swift movement , he sweep the sheet aside . angle on : the model ship sit in a display case , bath in a shaft of ghostly moonlight . 12 . close on : tintin can not believe hia luck ... he grab the model ship . he shine the flashlight on the boat before pick it up . tintin ( softly ) well , well , well ... it seem we have catch we thief . he start to back away from the case hold onto the ship . he turn to see a tall , silhouetted figure stand in front of he ... the man raise a candlestick and whacks tintin on he head ! thunk ! tintin slump to the floor , head spin . the room light be turn on . nestor takea the unicorn from tintin asa he be lie on the floor , make sure he head be still attach . sakharine enter , completely cool and calm . sakharine welcome to marlinspike Hall . I see you let yourself in . tintin get up . tintin I come to retrieve my property . sakharine I be sorry - I be not sure I follow you ? tintin sit up , rub the back on he head . nestor be hold the unicorn model . tintin oh , I think you do . this ship be atolen from my apartment lea than a hour ago ! tintin try to get the model ship from nestor - as if he 's think of make a dash for it . sakharine I be afraid you be mistaken , Mr. tintin . nestor pull the ship back from tintin . 13 . tintin there 's no mistake . it belong to I ! he pull back again away from nestor . sakharine be you sure ? nestor begin to pull the ship away from tintin . tintin of course I be sure . tintin take the ship . tintin ( cont 'd ) I take it home . I put it ona _ cabinet in the live room and then snowy chase the cat and knock it over and it ... ( dawn realization ) ++. fall . tintin 's eye be draw to the mast . this mast be not break and split like that on he own ship . tintin ( cont 'd ) nstun ) this be not my ship . sakharine no , indeed . nestor take the ship back , and go back to the case and put it inside . tintin I - I be sorry . it look — identical . sakharine take tintin by the arm and lead he out towards the door . sakharine well , look can be deceive . tintin yes , indeed ... tintin pull away from sakharine and walk back to the case and the ship . 14 , tintin ( cont 'd ) +». but I do not understand ! why do Sir Francis make two ship exactly alike ? and you have one already . why do you want another ? what be it about this model that would cause someone to steal it ? sakharine goodness I , why so many question ? tintin it 's my job . there could be a story here . it 's what I do , you see . sakharine well , it 's no great mystery . Sir Francis haddock be a drunkard and a hopeless reprobate ! he be doom to fail and he bequeath that failure to he son . he start to walk away from tintin , tintin follow he . tintin so it 's true ! the haddock line be curse ! he stop tintin with he cane . sakharine what else have you find out ? tintin push the cane away . tintin what be there to find ? sakharine swing the cane to tintin 's other shoulder . sakharine that depend what you be look for . tintin I be look for answer , Mr. sakharine ... sakharine you be look in the wrong place . sakharine offer tintin a thin smile . 15 . sakharine ( cont ’d ) it 's late ... I think you should go home . nestor handa the torch to tintin . nestor this way , Sir . nestor and tintin leave the room . sakharine take a look at the ship . int , marlinspike hall foyer - night nestor escort a aullen tintin out . nestor it 's a pity , sir . tintin turn . tintin I '' sorry ? nestor that the mast break on you model ship , sir . I hope you find all the piece . thing be so easily loat . sakharine ( 0.c. ) nestor ! where be you ?! nestor good night , sir . nestor close the door . ext . 26 labrador STREET - night angle on : tintin and snowy walk down the dark , wet street to tintin 's apartment . tintin some thing 's be easily lose . what do he mean by that , snowy ? what be he try to tell I ? some thing be easily lose ... 16 . int . labrador STREET stair - evening tintin and snowy climb the stair to they apartment . the door be ajar . tintin enter and turn on the light . angle on : tintin be flat have be ransacked !! tintin great snake ! Furniture overturn ... book throw off shelf ... drawer pull and emptied . close on : snowy whimper and claw at the cabinet . tintin ( cont 'd ) what be it , snowy ? tintin pull the cabinet aside to reveal the metal tube . he squat down and pick up the tiny metal tube from the break mast , tintin stand and examine the tube . tintin ( cont ‘d ) what 's this ? a ha ! this be in the mast . tintin walk over to the table sit down . close on : tintin unscrew the lid and shake the tube ... a small parchment , wrap in ribbon and seal with wax , fall into he palm . angle on : tintin at the table ... snowy bring the magnify glass in he jaw . tintin ( cont 'd ) good boy , snowy . tintin carefully unfurl the parchment and study it . written ornately across it in fade quill : tintin ( cont 'd ) ( read ) '' Three brother join . Three unicorn in company , sailing in the new day sun will speak . for tis from the Light that Light will dawn , and then shine forth the fagle 's Cross . " beneath that , a few seemingly meaningless stroke and dash . 17 . tintin ( cont ‘d ) what be this marking ? some kind of secret language , or code ? it make no sense . but it do explain why they ransacke the flat . they be look for this , and they do not find it , which mean ... they will be back . the doorbell downstairs jangle . int . 26 labrador STREET hallway ~- night close on : tintin tucking the scroll carefully into he wallet as he creep down the stair . mrs . finch no , I do not know where he be , dearie . I think he 's go out . and anyway , it 's after dark and Mr. tintin be most particular about not admit visitor after bedtime . I have to go back to my cocoa . I have get a very good book and a cup of cocoa . it 's really lovely ... tintin step forward to see mrs . finch talk to a unseen man at the door . the chain be still on , the door open only a crack . tintin thank you , Mrs. finch . I can look after this ... mrs . finch shoot tintin a sour look , vanish into she apartment . close on : tintin approach the door cautiously , a pistol in he hand , which he keep behind he back . a familiar american voice be hear : barnaby hey kid , be that you ? open the door ! barnaby press he face through the crack . tintin what do you want ? barnaby look , the game be up ! he 's gonna be back ! ( more ) 18 . barnaby ( cont 'd ) now , I know he want that boat , but I swear to God , I never think he would kill anyone over it . tintin who ? who be you talk about ? barnaby I be try to tell you that you life be in danger - ! tintin answer I ! who ??? bang ! bang ! bang ! bullet hole punch through the door ! tintin throw himself to the floor ! the last bullet have take out the chain . the door swing slowly open to reveal a bloody , unarm barnaby ! he fall to the floor . tintin ( cont 'd ) oshout ) Mrs. finch ! a man 's be shot on we doorstep . mrs. finch ( exasperate ) not again ... tintin call a ambulance ! tintin rush into the street as a blue car drive away . snowy try to chase after the car . tintin ( cont 'd ) snowy ! snowy stop , but bark loudly . angle on : barnaby lie on the doormat claw desperately at a newspaper . tintin run back in . tintin roll barnaby over , but he 's out cold . tintin ( cont 'd ) can you hear I ? can you ..- tintin pick up the newspaper , stare at it . 19 , int , tintin 's apartment - day angle on : tintin study the blook -atain newspaper . tintin lower the paper , and before he stand the two plainclothes interpol detective , thompsgn and thomson . thomson the victim 's name be barnaby dawea . thompson he be one of the top agent at interpol but we have not get a clue what he waa work on . thomson quite right , Thompson . we be completely clueless . tintin interpol do not have any other lead ? thomson oh , steady on , tintin - we be still fill out the paperwork . thompson Police work 's not all glamour and gun - there 's a awful lot of filing . tintin well , I might have something for you . before he lose consciousness , daw try to tell I something and I think he be spelling out a word ... boud ... jan , close on : tintin trace each letter that barnaby mark with a bloody finger print . tintin ( cont 'd ) . . . karaboudjan . thomson karaboudjan ! tintin do that mean anything to you ? thomson snatch the newspaper from tintin . 20 . thomson great Scotland yard ! that 's extraordinary ! tintin what be ? thomson worthington 's have a half price sale on bowler hat ! thompson snatch the paper . thompson really , thomson ! this be hardly the time . thompson ( cont 'd ) great Scotland yard ! thomson what be it ? thompson cane be half price , too ! tintin be you go to take charge of this evidence ? thomson positively . never fear , tintin . the evidence be safe with we ! thomson snatch the newspaper back , and hurry out of the door at speed ... he foot catch the cat on the landing and she fall from view , follow by sound of he tripping and tumbling violently down the stair . thompson thomson ! where be you ? thomson sit at the bottom of the stair in a daze . thomson well , I be already downstairs ! do try to keep up . ext . 26 labrador STREET - day angle on : tintin catch up to the thom ( p ) son at the front door - he hand thomson the newspaper . tintin wait - thomson oh ? tintin you drop this . thompson good heaven , thomson - look after the evidence man . thomson sorry , Thompson . my mind be on other thing . thompson ah , yes . we light - finger larcenist . tintin what ? thompson the pickpocket . he have no idea what 's come . thomson go on , tintin . take my wallet . thomson open he jacket . tintin pull a wallet out , discover it be attach to a piece of sturdy elastic , into he jacket . thomson ( cont 'd ) ( proudly ) yes , industrial strength elastic ! tintin ( impressed ) very , uh , resourceful . thomson oh , on the contrary , it be childishly simple . thompson simply childish , I agree . thom ( p ) son tip they hat in farewell . both thom ( p ) son tintin ... 21 . sewn 22. tintin gentlemen . the thom ( p ) son set off down the STREET . thomson mind you , I expect he 's mile away by now . thompson I presume you be refer to the pickpocket ? thomson yes , I mean , know we be just a few atep behind he . a gray-haire man walk past tintin at the doorway . snowy growla and begin to follow he . tintin step out and kneela next to snowy hold he . tintin snowy , what be it boy ? what do you see ? thompson I do not suppose you would fancy a cup of tea . thomson you be quite mistaken , I would love one . thompson my treat ... angle on : the pickpocket ruba hia hand , as he walk briakly towards the thom ( p ) son ... hia hand sweep up , slide into thomson 's jacket pocket . it be the familiar routine : a heal spin , straighten the jacket , touch the hat . angle on : the wallet be pull out , but quickly stretch at the end of the elasite ! thomson I have get you now ! quick shot : thomson be nearly pull off he foot , as the pickpocket tug at the wallet , stretch the elastic tight . the pickpocket let the wallet go , and it snap back into thomson 's face ! 23 . thompson Devil ! stop , in the name of the law ! thompson give chase . his cane get catch in the elastic . the elastic snap back and slam thomson to the ground . thompson rip the pickpocket 's jacket off , but get it stick on he head , block he vision . thompson ( cont ’d ) get you ! he crash into a lampfost . tintin what 's go on down there ? c’mon , snowy ! tintin race towards the thom ( p ) son , nearly knock down the pickpocket , aristide silk , who 's flee in panic . silk ( chirpy ) I do beg you pardon} ! tintin sorry , sir ! tintin arrive to find the thompson be dizzy and bewilder . thompson the pickpocket , tintin ! he 's get away ! tintin ( quiet shock ) my wallet ! tintin look back up the street ... quickly realize it be the old man he bang into . close on : with dawn dread , tintin reach into he pocket ~ he wallet have be taken ! tintin ( cont ’d ) it 's go ! ( urgent ) come on ! snowy , after he ! tintin start run through the fog to catch the silk . tintin ( cont ’d ) stop ! wait ! 24 . he chase he across the foggy atreet , but narrowly avoid get hit by a car . for a brief moment , tintin be disorientate by car headlight , casting wild beam in the fog and swerving crazily to avoid hit he . angle on : two cane suddenly hook tintin be arm and drag he and snowy to the safety of the footpath ... the thom ( p ) son have rescue he . thompson get ya ! thomson steady on ! tintin I nve lose he ! tintin turn to the thom ( p ) son . tintin ( cont 'd ) you must find my wallet ! it 's very important . I have to get it back . thompson and you will ! leave it to the professional . angle on : tintin walk back towards he apartment , he pace quicken as he form a plan . tintin we have lose the acroll , but we have not lose the story . karaboudjan . that 's a armenian word . that 's we lead , snowy . what be barnaby daw try to tell we when he say we life be in danger ? angle on : tintin suddenly stop as he reach the door to he flat . two workmen be carry a large wooden crate from a red delivery van towards tintin 's flat . tintin be puzzle to find a delivery man in the hallway ; this be allan . allan mister tin - tin ? Delivery for ya . tintin but I do not order anything ? 25 . tintin look at the crate , which be be carry towards the doorway . before he can react , a handkerchief be clasped over tintin ' 's mouth . his eye roll and he collapse into allan 's arm . allan well , that 's because it 's you that 's get deliver . tintin be bundle inside the crate , the lid be slam shut , stencill on the side , the word karaboudjan . allan ( cont ’d ) Quick ! get he in the van . snowy sink he tooth into allan 's leg . allan ( cont 'd ) get off I you confound mutt ! he shake snowy off into the hallway and slam the door . int . 26 labrador STREET - day angle on : snowy race up the stair , towards the study then leap on the desk . allan climb into the red van . allan he bit I ! Quick ! the red van pull away . snowy watch from the window sill as the van drive away . a FIRE truck approach . angle on : snowy fly through the AIR , landing on a pass truck . the fire truck , now directly behind the van , slam on its brake as the van come to a abrupt stop and the ladder quickly extend , take snowy with it . snowy fall onto the hood of the van , be throw off but pursue allan and the other as fast as he leg will carry he . snowy hop onto pass bicycle and run through a pen of co we before arrive at the dock , and the karaboudjan . as tintin 's crate be load aboard a massive ship , snowy sneak up the rope tether the ship to the dock . various crewmen yell order from the dock . 26 . crewman ( 0.s. ) come on , come on ! the ship head out of the harbor . int . karaboudjan lower hold - night woozy angle : tintin be Pov , come in and out of focus as we hear voice : allan eh , not here . look you side . tom ( grunt ) hang on . nothing . allan well , check that pocket . {tintin be in a cage be searched by allan and tom , the workmen who grab he at he flat . tom I have look at this one already , I be sure of it . allan have a look in he sock . sakharine enter the hold at a quick pace . sakharine have you find it ? allan do not have it ! tom it 's not on he , boss . it 's not here . angle on : tintin sit up groggily , find himself bound in a dank ship 's hold . sakharine not here ? then where be it ? tintin where 's what ? angle on : sakharine smack the cage with he cane . sakharine oh , I be tired of you game . the scroll , from the unicorn . a piece of paper , like this . 27 . sakharine produce a scroll , which look very similar to tintin 's. tintin you mean the poem . sakharine yes ! tintin the poem write in Old English . sakharine yes . tintin it be inside a cylinder . sakharine yes . tintin conceal in the mast . sakharine yes ! sakharine's face , full of anticipation , contort into a ugly scowl . tintin I do not have it . sakharine lift he cane towards tom . tom take sheath . sakharine draw a long , thin sword from press the tip to tintin be face . sakharine you know the value of that scroll . why else would you take it ? tintin ( realization ) two ship ... two scroll ... both part of a puzzle . you have one , you need the other . but that 's not it . there 's something else . sakharine bend down to look tintin in the eye . off the within . he 28 . sakharine I will find it , with or without you help . you need to think about exactly how useful you be to I ... angle on : sakharine lead tom and allan out of the room . sakharine ( cont ’d ) we will deal with he on the way . tom aye aye , sir . sakharine hold this course . as allan close the door , snowy sneak into the room . allan slam the heavy , watertight door and lock it . tintin spot snowy as the dog run across the hold to he master . tintin snowy ! it 's good to see you , too . see if you can chew through this rope . snowy go to work on the rope . ext . karaboudjan upper stairway - night angle on : sakharine climb the last stair to the bridge ... he walk to he cabin , he pause to pass instruction to allan and tom . wind whip he hair . sakharine well , he 's lie ! he must have the scroll . the question be - what have he do with it ? tom we searched he all over , boss . sakharine I want you to go back down there and make he talk . break every bone in he body if you have to . tom ( dismay ) oh , that 's nasty ! 29 . sakharine you know the stake , you know what we be play for . just do it ! another crew member , pedro , come run up to they . pedro mister sakharine ! mister sakharine ! all hell have break loose ! it 's a disaster ! the Captain have come around ~ allan what ! pedro he 's conscious ! he 's accuse you of mutiny - he say you turn the crew against he . allan sound like he 's sober up again . sakharine well , do not just stand there , get he another bottle . pedro Si , senor . allan and tom aye , sir . wide on : sakharine go into he cabin ... int . karaboudjan lower hold - night tintin look around . he grab a crowbar and take it to the door . he jam it into the wheel ; the door be now lock from the inside ! he move to a crate and pull the top off , he take the top and cover the window in the door with it . tintin walk back to a large crate , it be fill with live animal . a growl . he open a porthole . ext . karaboudjan lower hold - continuous angle on : a lower open and tintin lean out of the small window . he 's on a large cargo ship , which be ploughing through a rough ocean at speed . there 's nowhere to escape to . 30 . he look up and see another porthole . loud , unintelligible singing emanate from the open window . int . karaboudjan lower corridor - night angle on : allan and tom as they come down the corridor . allan attempt to open the door ... it 's lock ! allan and tom lock at each other . tom ( encouragingly ) jiggle it a bit - it 's just stick . allan jiggle ? tom here ... tom attempt to be helpful by show allan how to open the door - allan swat he hand away , angrily . allan what you do ? geddofff ! it 's not stick , you idiot - he 's bolt it from the inside ! . int . karaboudjan lower hold - night tintin look about the room . allan ( 0.s. ) so you want to play it like that then , do you ? tintin ? int . karaboudjan lower corridor - night allan ( to tom in a grim voice ) get the tnt . int . karaboudjan lower hold - night tintin turn and look at the room again : close on : tintin 's puzzle face , as he study he surroundings . 31 . tintin ( think ) Broken crate ... rope .-.. champagne . what else do we have , snowy ? int . karaboudjan lower corridor - night angle on : allan , tom set up a wick - look ship' club . they brace it against the door . a couple of other thug be watch nearby . allan there be other way to open this door ! they will be swabbing the deck with you innard when we be do with you ! int . karaboudjan lower hold - night tintin grab a crate of champagne and line it up . he take another crowbar and move to a crate . he rip off some plank . int . karaboudjan lower corridor - night allan quickly set up the explosive charge againet the door , ready to blast it open . allan hurry up , hurry up ! int . karaboudjan lower hold - night tintin grab the plank and the rope and tie the plank together . he hurry over to the porthole . int . karaboudjan lower corridor ~ night allan take the fuse line and move towards tom , he light the match on tom 's face - ext . karaboudjan - night angle on : tintin lean out of the porthole as far as he dare . 32 . int . karaboudjan lower corridor - night allan light the fuse . ext . karaboudjan - night tintin take aim and throw the knotted plank as high as he can , aim at another OPEN porthole far above . tintin watch as the plank be up , hover and then plummet back down towards he ! bonk ! the plank bounce off tintines head ... int . karaboudjan lower corridor - night angle on : allan , tom and the thug take cover a safe distance from tintin 's door . ext . karaboudjan — night tintin takea aim again . int , karaboudjan lower corridor - night the fuse line continue to burn . int . karaboudjan lower corridor - night allan take cover next to tom . he use tom as a body shield . allan do not move , ext . karaboudjan -— night tintin throw the knotted plank up to the porthole . int . haddock' cabin — night thwack ! tintin 's plank fly into the room , walloping captain haddock on the back of the head ! haddock slump forward on the table , head spinning ! int . karaboudjan lower corridor - night angle on : tintines door be blow clean off its hinge ! smoke pour into the corridor . 33. allan move ! let 's go ! thug let I at he ! gun in hand , allan lead the thug towards tintin 's room . suddenly ! bang ! bang ! allan and the thug retreat from a volley of gunfire , come from inside the hold ! tom he 's get a big shooter ! tom jump in front of the door , ready to fire when he be hit and fall to the ground . tom ( cont 'd ) get I ! a champagne cork land on the ground next to he . allan pick it up . int . karaboudjan lower corridor - night allan pick up a champagne cork . allan hold you fire ! int . karaboudjan lower hold - night angle on : allan peer around the corner of the blast doorway ... tintin have carefully position row of champagne bottle aim at the doorway . with each vibration , several cork pop out , like gunfire . no sign of tintin . tom he be not here ! he 's vanish ! another cork pop , hit tom square in the forehead and knock he out . allan he 's hide . search the ship . quickly ! int . haddock 's cabin - night haddock rise , stunne by the blow to the head . he look around wildly , think he have be set upon . 34 . angle on : haddock catchea sight of snowy ... haddock arghhhh ! a giant rat of Sumatra ! he stand and flinch back , startle , he punch through the bird cage with he head and get catch inside it . he jump again as tintin climb through the porthole ! haddock quickly snatch up a leg from a broken chair ... he point it at tintin , aim it as if he be en guard . haddock ( cont 'd ) aha ! think you could sneak in here and catch I with I trousers down , eh ? tintin quickly snatch up the other leg of the broken chair brandish it front of he like a sword ... he quickly parry a lunge from haddock ... tintin I have rather you keep you trousers on , if it 's all the same to you . tintin and haddock circle each other warily ..-. haddock up end a table , tintin have to jump on to a trunk to escape as haddock swing wildly at he . haddock I know you game - you be one of they ! tintin I be sorry ? haddock they send you here to kill I , eh ? tintin ( dedge another swipe ) look - I do not know who you be - haddock that 's how he plan to bump I off . murdered in my bed by a baby - face assassin ! snowy have haddock 's pant - leg in he tooth . tintin assassin ?! look - you have get it all wrong , ii be kidnap by a gang of thug . 35 . haddock the filthy swine ! he 's turn the whole crew against I ! tintin who ? haddock a sour-face man with a sugary name . he buy they all off - every last man ! tintin sakharine ! at the mention of sakharine n's name , haddock stop in he track . haddock nobedy take my ship ! tintin you be the Captain ? haddock ( loudly ) of course I be the Captain - who else could I he ?! tintin shhhh ! haddock ( slump ) I have be lock in this room for day , with only whiskey to sustain my mortal soul . tintin try the door ... it open . not locked . haddock ( cont 'd ) oh. well , I assume it be lock . tintin well , it 's not . now you must excuse I ~ if they find I here , they will kill I . I have to keep move ... try and find my way off this drunken tub . tintin slip out of the cabin , into the corridor . haddock Tub ! tubt ! 565 int . karaboudjan lower corridor - night angle on : tintin step into the corridor , he close the door and come face - to- face with a sailor ! haddock Tub ? the sailor go for tintin manage to grab he , and they wrestle . haddock ( cont 'd ) ( angry ) tabi sy ! haddock open the door . close on : haddock punch the guard out cold ! haddock close the door again . the sailor start to come to and move forward , haddock slam the door on the sailor . tintin catch the sailor and throw he forward onto haddock' arm . tintin ( impressed ) thanks . haddock pleasure . tintin and haddock pull he unconscious body into haddock' cabin . tintin I be tintin , by the way . tintin offer he hand , which haddock take . haddock haddock , Archibald haddock . there 's a long boat up on deck - follow I . tintin do a double - take as haddock slip into the corridor . tintin hang on a second - do you say haddock ?! but haddock be go ... tintin take off after he . int . karaboudjan bridge ~ night 37 . angle on : sakharine be enraged ! he dress down allan and tom . sakharine how could you let they escape ? find they , find they both !! allan do not worry , we will kill ‘em , sir . sakharine no , you can kill the boy . not haddock . tom be disappointed by this . tom oh , he 's just a hopeless old soak ... we should have kill he long since . sakharine swing round on tom , glower - sakharine you think it 's a accident that I choose haddock 's ship , haddock 's crew ... ( to allan ) haddock 's treacherous firet mate ? nothing be a accident . sakharine turn , the wind catch he hair , he eye narrowing . he hold up he arm , and within second the hunting falcon land on he wrist . sakharine ( cont 'd ) we go back a long way , Captain haddock and I . we have unfinish business and this time I be go to make he pay ! int . karaboujdan upper corridor - night haddock be lead they through the maze of corridor ... pause to listen to sound of footstep and shout . haddock we have to reach a lock door at the end of this corridor . this be gonna be tricky ! they 38 . tintin ( whisper ) you would n not happen to be related to the haddocks of marlinspike Hall , would you ? haddock ( guard ) why do you ask ? tintin why , it 's for a atory I have be work on ...: a old shipwreck that happen off the coast of Barbados ~ a man of not War ; triple - masted , fifty gun . haddock suddenly turn on tintin and slam he up against the wall . haddock what do you know of the unicorn ?! tintin not a lot - that 's why I be ask you ! haddock ( low voice ) the secret of that ship be know only to my family . it have be pass down from generation to generation . my granddaddy himself with he die breath tell I the tale . haddock stare off into the distance , lose in memory . tintin and ? haddock go . tintin what do you mean , go ? haddock I be so upset at when he kick the bucket . I have no choice but to drow my sorrow . when I wake up in the morning , it be go . I would forget it all . a9 . tintin everything ?! haddock every last word . haddock head off down the corridor with tintin follow . tintin well , be there somebody else in you family , maybe they would know ? haddock ( shaking he head ) Sir Francis have three son . all but my bloodline fail . I be the last of the haddocks . tintin do you say ' three 's son ?! a couple of crew member be approach the stair . haddock and tintin get down quickly and hide under the stair with snowy . the crew member move down the stair and out the doorway snowy whimper , and tintin try to put he hand on snowy 's snout . one the crew be go , haddock head wp the stair , tintin follow . close on : tintin , realization dawn on he face . tintin ( cont 'd ) I know what sakharine 's look for ! haddock what be you rave on about ? tintin it be write on the scroll . orecite ) '' Three brother join ; three unicorn in company sailing in the noonday sun will speak . '' haddock really ? 40 . tintin ( excited ) Sir Francis do not make two model of the unicorn ~ he make three ! Three ship for three son ! haddock turn to tintin . haddock excellent . haddock head off , down the corridor . tintin sakharine 's after the third model ship . haddock try to wrench open a locked door . haddock barnacle ! someone 's lock the door ! tintin well , be there a key ? haddock a key ? aah ! haddock breathes a sigh of alcohol fume into tintin 's face , who cough . haddock ( cont 'd ) yes ... now that would be the problem ! haddock return the way they come , and tintin follow . int . karaboudjan sleeping quarter - night a door quietly swing OPEN , revealing a gloomy dormitory full of sway bunk . Ugly , drunken crewmen sprawle in hammock , snoring . close on : haddock and tintin peer round the door . haddock ( whisper ) Mr. jaggerman , top bunk in the center - keeper of the key . careful mind , he 's a restless sleeper on account of the tragic loss of he eyelid . 41 , tintin he lose he eyelid ? haddock aye , now that be a card game to remember - ah , you really have to be there . I would do this myself , tintin , but you have a lighter tread and less chance of waking the boy . tintin be you sure this be a good idea ? haddock you have nothing to worry about . angle on : tintin set off , sneaking between the bunk , towards the sleep mr . jaggerman - the keys be visible in he hand . haddock ( cont ’d ) ( loud whisper ) provide they all stay asleep . tintin struggle to keep hia balance with the heavy yaw and roll of the ship . haddock ( cont ’d ) do not , I would not get too close to Mr. hobb - he 's very handy with a razor . and I would steer clear of Mr. gitch - sack as shepherd on account of he ' animal husbandry '! tintin and snowy climb onto the high bunk , reach for the keys hang from jaggerman 's hand . angle on : tintin 's fingertip nearly touch the keys . he grab snowy and hold he out towards the keys , but snowy instead go for jaggerman 's sandwich . tintin not the sandwich ! the key ! tintin fall in a cascade of snoring sailor , dead fish and a large shark carcass . sailor from surround bunk pile on top of he . close on : snowy stand on top of the pile of sailor . tintines fist , keys include , burat from the pile . haddock quietly clap . 42 . int . karaboudjan upper corridor - night angle on : tintin hand the keys to a impressed haddock . haddock you be a brave lad , tintin - my heart be in my mouth , I do not mind tell you . haddock unlock the rusty door . haddock ( cont 'd ) well , that be , if it be my heart . you know , judge by my stomach , it could have be anything , really . tintin hurry up , Captain . we have no time to lose - tintin freeze in disbelief ! the door opesn to reveal a storeroom fill with bottle of whiskey and rum ! haddock bingo ! just the necessity , of course ! haddock quickly stuff a few bottle into various pocket ! he kiss one of the bottle . haddock ( cont 'd ) to the lifeboat . tintin stand aghast for a moment , then follow haddock . int . ship corridor - moment later the deck of the ship be cover with sailor search with flashlight . a group of welder work on a seaplane . allan keep you eye peel ! sailor # 1 I will go aft ! sailor # 2 any sign of he , buster ? sailor # 3 not yet ! watch yourself , the boss say he 's a handful . 43 , angle on : haddock stumble out a door , onto the deck and almost into tom . tintin pulla he back inside at the last moment . tintin grab haddock bottle of whiskey , and go back to clobber tom . just as tintin swing he arm , haddock snatch the bottle ... tintin knock tom out with he fist , glare and haddock and shake he sore hand . ext . karaboudjan deck - night it 's a rough , stormy ocean . haddock , tintin and snowy move towards the lifeboat . haddock and tintin quickly remove the rope from the hook and start to push the boat out towards the edge . allan boas want we to check the com . come out of it . suddenly a door open , we hear a morse code noise . allan and tom pass by . allan ( cont ’d ) come on , in here . haddock point in they direction . haddock it 's allan ! allan and tom walk through a door . tintin be that the bridge ? haddock aye , on the other side of the radio room . tintin Radio room ? tintin gesture for haddock to stay put in the shadow . tintin ( cont ’d ) ( hushed} wait here , Captain . sound the alarm if anyone come . haddock careful , tintin ! 44 , tintin have already move towards the stair ... snowy followa . sailor searching ship I aaid keep search ! there 's no one here ! who we look for , anyway ? angle on : tintin sneak to the radio room door . allan be over tom 's shoulder as he read a income morse message : tom message just come through , boas . allan what 's it say ? tom ( read ) '' the milanese nightingale have land . wait in the wing for action . '' tintin ( to himself ) milanese nightingale . tintin frown ... allan calmly pluck the radio message from tom' hand . allan ( relieved ) now pray this cheer he up ! as they disappear , tintin sneak in . int . karaboudjan radio room - night tintin enter the room with snowy . snowy see a sandwiches , jump on the desk and begin to eat , fight a rat for it . angle on : tintin quickly search for any clue to the ship 's destination . he scan chart , look at write message . he pick up one of the note and read it . tintin bagghar . tintin notice a brochure with a picture of bagghar and BEN salaad . 4s . tintin ( cont 'd ) what 's this ? he pick it up - and open it at random . we see a picture of the town . tintin ( cont ‘d ) ( read ) the sultanate of bagghar . a second page . a portrait of BEN salaad . tintin ( cont 'o D ) ( read ) rule over by Sheik Omar Ben salaad , whose love of music and culture be match only by he love of ... tintin turn the page . he see something that we do not . tintin ( cont 'd ) great snake ! he move over to nearby wall cover in map , quickly scan for something ... tintin ( cont 'd ) bagghar . the port of bagghar . Morocco ! suddenly , tintin get a idea ! tintin shove the brochure into he pocket , quickly put the headphone on and sit at the desk , fiddling with the frequency knob on the old radio . ext . karaboudjan deck - night angle on : haddock hold onto the boat . haddock tintin ! angle on : a sleep crew member , huddle in the lifeboat ! he wake with a start and be surprised to find captain haddock hold one of the lifeboat rope ... he produce a pistol ! crew member hey ! put you hand up ! angle on : haddock raise he hand , let go of the rope «+. the lifeboat drop into the water , while the crew member get tangle in the rope and swing only a few foot from the water . 46 . haddock and let that be a lesson to you ! haddock move down to untie the next boat . crew member help I ! int . karaboudjan radio room - night close on : morse tapper ... click ... click ... click ... tintin be busy send a message . int . karaboudjan radio room —- night suddenly ! tom open the side door and sees tintin ! tom ( shouting ) in here ! he 's in here ! he raise he gun . snowy jump up and grab he arm , the gun fire , give tintin a valuable second to react . tintin stand and punch tom . we really see tintin be ability to look after himself against a thug , with the second punch tom bump into allan as he be come out . allan get tangle up with tom . tintin grab tom 's gun and run out with snowy . allan chase tintin , tom follow . ext . karaboudjan deck - night tintin race from the radio room as a guard spot haddock . guard here ! by the lifeboat ! allan get out the way ! tintin run past with allan right behind he . allan ( cont ’d ) get he ! guard right ! 47 . allan and the guard open fire . tintin run among cargo crate and punch another guard to the ground . the guard recover and fire a spray of bullet at tintin . guard # 2 why , you little ... ! angle on : tintin and snowy race along the deck and down the stair onto the deck below , and sprint towards haddock and the lifeboat . sailor searching ship oy ! he 's up there ! get he , lad ! tintin have tom' pistol . haddock fall into the lifeboat where snowy be already wait . the rope slip , and the boat dangle precariously . haddock slam into a seat , smash a number of bottle hide in he pocket ; whiskey and broken glass fall into the ocean below . tintin return gunfire , as allan enter and fire at he . tintin fire at a spotlight , hit the '' on '' lever and turn the light on , blind the crew pursue he . tintin jump into the boat . close on : tintin raisea the pistol , take AIM ... bang ! tintin shoot the last rope , and the lifeboat fall into the ocean with tintin , haddock and snowy cling onto it ! a sailor be tangle in the rope . be sailor help I ! a angry sakharine stroll onto the deck . angle on : tintin and haddock row for they life . angle on : allan run onto the bridge . allan turn the ship ' round ! give I a flare ! int . rowboat / ocean - night angle on : allan run back onto the deck and fire a signal flare into the sky . angle on : tintin lie down in the boat . 48 . tintin Captain ! get down ! get down ! a crew member spot a rowboat use the searchlight . crew member # 2 there he be ! allan get out of the way ! tom run to the bridge . tom now full ahead ! full speed ! the karaboudjan speed towards the boat . allan get you now ! angle on : tintin and haddock continue to hide . tintin stay down ! the rowboat be demolish by the massive ship . crew member # 3 look ! down ‘ere ! angle on : empty bottle float around rowboat debris at it sinka into the ocean . angle on : the second rowboat , tintin and haddock' rowboat . tintin sit up ; they row away from the karaboudjan . angle on : sakharine approach tom . he be absolutely furioua . sakharine idiot ! you idiot ! what have you do ? tom we kill they , boss . like you want ! sakharine grab tom . about to throw he overboard . sakharine no . not ' like 's I want . I need haddock alive . allan wait a minute , boss . there be two boat miss . tom so that one must have be a decoy ! 49 . sakharine's eye suddenly go to the ground beneath hia foot . he bend over and he pick up the small piece of paper with the morse code and the word '' bagghar '' write on it . sakharine hold up the piece of paper . sakharine they be on to we , and we destination . find they ! make absolutely certain they never reach bagghar ! tom yes , boss . sakharine turn he head and we pan with he turn onto the sea plane already rig on a catapult launcher at the stern of the karaboudjan . ext . ocean / row boat - dawn we pick up tintin , snowy and haddock after they escape from the karaboudjan . tintin row . they be all alone on the wide , wide open sea . tintin we have to get to bagghar ahead of sakharine . haddock I know ! I know ! ( beat ) why ? tintin because he have the third model ship . haddock how do you know ? tintin take out the brochure that he find in the radio room . 50 . tintin the sheikh collect old ship and this be the prize of he collection . tintin open the brochure and we see a picture of the third unicorn , exhibit in a glass case . the considerable thickness of the glass be apparent . haddock blister blue barnacle , that be the unicorn ! tintin Captain , do you see the distortion around the model - it mean Ben salaad exhibit it in a bullet proof glass case in hia palace ! haddock and sakharine be go there to steal it ! tintin he have a secret weapon , the milanese nightingale . but that will not be enough to solve the mystery , and that be why sakharine need you . that 's why he make you he prisoner ! there be something he need you to remember . haddock I do not follow you . tintin I read it in a book . that only a true haddock can discover the secret of the unicorn . they look at one another . haddock I do not remember anything about anything ! tintin but you must know about you ancestor , Sir francie . it 's you family legacy ! haddock my memory be not what it uge to be . sl. tintin what do it use to be ? haddock I have forget . ext . ocean / row boat - dawn - continuous tintin Captain , can you get we to bagghar ? haddock what sort of a atupid question be that ? give I that oar , I '11 show you some real seamanship , laddie . angle on : haddock stand and move to tintin , snatch up the oar . haddock ( cont 'd ) I all not be doubted by some pipsqueak tuft of ginger and he irritate dog ! I be master and commander of the seas ! he swing they expertly over he shoulder , turn hie back on tintin . close on : whack ! the oar clunk tintin on the side of he head , knock he out cold . as haddock complete he turn he hite snowy out cold too ! haddock ( cont 'd ) I know this water better than the wart on my mother 's face ! haddock glance back over he shoulder , where tintin and snowy be slump unconscious against the side of the rowboat . haddock ( cont 'd ) look at the pair of they - fast asleep ! typical landlubbere , no stamina this day ! nevermind . 1711 get ya there , tintin . angle on : haddock heave back on the oar ... ext . silk 's apartment - day angle on : the familiar patent shoe and glove hand of the pickpocket . 52 . thomson and thompson stroll down the street , shop and apartment behind they . the pickpocket , aristide silk , see they come . thompson look , thomson ! there 's the fellow . thomson uh huh ! he try to look casual as he reach for he keys . silk oh my ! thompson Mr. silk ? silk yes . thompson my name be Thompson . thomson and thomson . thompson / thomson we be police officer ! silk oh . oh , crumb ! silk be first think be to make a run for it . he turn and do just that . a crash be hear . the thom ( p ) son run over to he . thomson goodness gracious ! thompson Mr. silk ! silk have slam into a old woman carry a cage of canary from a pet shop . he be in a heap with three little yellow canary flutter around he head . thomson be you ok ? thompson poor fella ... 58 % , thomson be you all right ? thompson be you all right , sir ? the little canary be real . a pet shop owner retrievea they with a net as a man help the old woman . thomson and thompson together get silk to he foot . thompson ( cont 'd ) no need to run away , sir . thomson no , no . you see . yesterday , we very nearly catch the pickpocket who 's be terrorize the town . silk ( daze ) pickpocket . thompson we pull he jacket off and inside we find a wallet . thompson produce the wallet . thomson a wallet with you name and address . silk ( daze ) that 's my wallet . thompson it 's obviously steal from you . silk no , no ! that 's my wallet ! thomson be you all right , sir ? thompson we do not mean to startle you . let we help you into you apartment . 54 . int . silk apartment - day angle on : the door to silk apartment burat open , the thom ( p ) son be frame in the doorway ... a batter and baffle silk stand between they , attempt to fend they off . silk ( nervous } thank you so much . no need to come in . I '11 be quite alright really . thomson no , we insist ! thompson better safe than sorry . it 's the least we can do . silk oh , thank you , thompson there we be . silk take a seat in he armchair . angle on : a bookshelf pack with hundred of wallet sit in the middle of the room . all of wallet be nearly label and file . the thom ( ) pson 's look at it , stunne . silk look at they nervously - figure the game be up ! {thompson ( cont 'd ) good grief , what 's all this ? silk it 's my ... collection . thompson what a lot of wallet . silk I can not help it ... it start with coin purse and sort of go on from there , really ... thompson you want to be careful . have not you hear ? there 's a pickpocket about ! 55 . thomson ( look around the room ) yes , he would love this - can you imagine ? silk ( offended ) what do you mean '' pickpocket ? '' thompson oh , a master criminal : a bag - snatching , purse - pilfering , wallet - lift , sneak thief . close on : silk 's lower lip start to quiver , he composure go . silk ( confess ) I be not a bad person ... I 'ma kleptomaniac . thompson look confuse . thompson a what ? thomson lean over and whisper . thomson ( whisper ) it 's a fear of open space . thompson ( whisper ) poor man . no wonder he keep he wallet in the live room . silk ( rapture ) wallet ! I just can not resist the lovely little thing . it ‘'a a , it 's a harmleas little habit , really . thompson take a wallet and check the name tag . thompson good heaven ! thomson - look at this ! his name 's Thompson too ! thomson oh , what a coincidence ! thomson take another wallet off the shelf . 56 . thomson ( cont 'd ) no , Thompson , this be thomson without a ' p’ ~ as in psychic . thompson no , no , no , it 's Thompson with a * p’ - as in psychologist . silk look at this one . a green one that I manage to pick from a pickpocket actually pickpockete at the time . and this one ... thomson how dare you , sir ? thompson how dare you , sir ? thomson good heaven , thomson - you have get it all wrong . thomson brandish a wallet at thompson . both thom ( p ) son be take wallet after wallet off the shelf , until they have a armful each ! thompson no , you have it all wrong and there be a 's p ' in psychic . thomson I be not you sidekick . you be mine . silk oh , smell it , will not you ? piggy leather . oh , I love piggy leather . thompson how dare you ? thomson how dare you ? I meet you first . thompson I meet you first . thomson no , you do not . thompson yes , I do . 57 . thomson no , you do not . thompson yes , I do . thomson do not ! thompson do ! thomson do not ! silk be talk to himself while the thompson and thomson argue . silk ( break down ) listen ! I can not stand it anymore ! alright , I will come quietly ! silk begin thrust wallet at the thom ( p ) son . silk ( cont 'd ) ( sobbing ) take they , take they - thomson what be you do ? silk take they all ! thomson stop it ! thompson pull yourself together , man ! we can not take you wallet , do we look like thief ?? thomson good heavens , Thompson ! this looka familiar .. it can not be ? thompson look at thomson 's wallet as he open it . thompson it ist both thom ( p ) son tintin ! 5a. ext . ocean / row boat - day angle on : haddock be row ... cold and exhaust . tintin and snowy be huddle asleep in the prow of the boat . haddock ( to himself ) oh , 80 cold ! and thirsty ! my throat be parched ! let 's see if there 's any fresh water ... ext . ocean / row boat - day haddock lean over to a hatch in the prow , open it and find ... a bottle of rum ! haddock ( conflict ) ohhh ! what have we here ? ext . ocean / row boat - day angle on : a sleep tintin slowly open he eye . haddock tintin ! tintin ! come and warm yourself , laddy . another angle : on a blazing FIRE in the middle of the boat . haddock casually warm himself . tintin Captain ... ? what have you do ? haddock no need to thank I ! tintin ( shocked ) what ? haddock well , you look a little cold . so I light a wee fire . tintin in a boat ? no , that be we oar ! we need that oar ! haddock yes , but not for much longer ! 59 . tintin have you go mad ? angle on : tintin lean over the side of the boat and begina to scoop water in he hand , try to put out the flame , tintin ( cont ‘d ) Quick , Captain ! help I ! Captain , help I quick ! haddock he 's right ! what have I do ? what have I do ? haddock pick up the bottle which be still half full of alcohol . haddock upturn the bottle on the flame which shoot up - tintin no , Captain - not that ! angle on : the boat , off in the distance , erupt into flame . haddock thunder typhoona ! angle on : tintin and haddock be sit on the upturn boat . a small hole in the boat and glow ember sit between they . tintin well , this be a fine mess . haddock I be weak ... tintin we be strand here ... haddock selfish ... tintin with no hope of rescue . haddock hopeless ! tintin while sakharine and he man be halfway to bagghar . haddock poor , miserable wretch ! 60 . tintin finally turn to haddock . he shakea attention angle on : tintin yes , all right ! that 's enough of that . haddock it be he fault , you see . it be Sir Francis ! tintin tell I , how do you work that one out ? haddock because he be a figurehead of great courage and bold exploit ! no one like he have ever exist in my family ! why do you think I drink ? it 's because I know I '11 never be like he ! no , it 's far better that I end it now and put we both out of we misery . tintin 's hand as snowy whine ; he attract tintin 's to a distant speck in the sky . tintin what be it , snowy ? a approach airplane ... tintin 's concerned . haddock I be go to lower myself into the sea ... into the cold embrace into the big blue . the seaplane have spot the upturn boat ... it start to turn towards they . tintin that be portuguese marking . he turn to baddock . haddock be you even listen ? tintin where be the karaboudjan register ? 61 . close on : haddock spot the airplane ... he leap onto the hull of the upturn boat and start wave and jumpingalarmingly ! haddock we be save ! we be save !!! oh , it 's a sign from above !!! suddenly ! machine gun FIRE spit from the seaplane , as it zoom low over tintin and haddock , strafing they ! tintin and haddock nearly fall into the water as bullet shred the hull . he stand up again . angle on : the seaplane turn for another attack run ... haddock be stand on the hull , clenching he fist , as if boxing with air . the upturned boat rock like crazy . haddock ( cont 'd ) troglodytes ! tintin Captain , get down ! haddock ( yell ) slave trader ! mutant malingerer ! freshwater politician !! angle on : the seaplane start its attack run . tintin produce he pistol , check the clip . tintin bad news , Captain - we have only get one bullet ! haddock ( aghast ) what 's the good news ? tintin . we have get one bullet . angle on : tintin hold he ground as bullet zing around he . . tintin aim , use both hand to steady he pistol . bang ! he fire ! the seaplane roar low over they head ... haddock fall into the ocean . 62 . angle on : Black smoke spew out of the seaplane's engine ! the seaplane lose power and be force to land . haddock {joyous ) you get he ! ext . sea plane / ocean - continuous haddock ah ! well do , my boy . tintin and snowy jump into the water . ext . sea plane / ocean - day angle on : the plane bob uselessly on the water . two pilot jump out onto the float before it come to a stop . they move to the engine and open the hood . as a huge cloud of smoke come out , the pilot quickly check under the cowling . ext . ocean / row boat ~ day intin and haddock hide on the far side of the overturn rowboat . tintin stay here , Captain . tintin dive under the water . haddock tintin ! tintin ! ext . sea plane / ocean - day the pilot continue to inspect the plane . pilot # 1 do not take you eye off of they ! pilot # 2 hurry up ! pilot # 1 just as I think , the ignition lead have be cut ! ah! lucky shot . 63 . ext . seaplane / ocean - day tintin 's coif cut through the water like a shark 's fin . pilot # 2 one more pass and we will finish they off . suddenly , tintin surface at the end of the float ... pistol aim straight at the pilot ! tintin put you hand in the air ! the pilot stare at tintin , amaze . tintin ( cont ’d ) now ! int . sea plane - moment later tintin read through the flight instruction manual . haddock sit behind he . the pilot be tie up in the back of the plane . haddock ( worried ) you , you do know what you do , eh , tintin ? tintin um , more or less . tintin flick a switch . the plane grumble into life . haddock well , which be it ? more or less ? the plane taxi along the water . tintin relax ! I interview a pilot once . ext . seaplane / sky - day the seaplane rise into the sky . tintin which way to North Africa ? the seaplane soar through the sky , several hundred foot above the wave . 44 . angle on : a dark speck below they ... tintin swoops down for a closer look : the karaboudjan ! it 's ploughing towards bagghar at high speed . tintin ( cont 'd ) Captain ! look ! we have catch up with they ! haddock wonderful ! but do you think , we might find another way to North Africa that do not take we through that Wall of death ? ext./ int . seaplane in STORM ~ day angle on : the seaplane be fly directly towards a towering wall of brewing black cloud , rain squall and high wind . tintin we can not turn back - not now ! ( to himself ) not now . the seaplane start to buck and shake in the gathering STORM . angle on : the tiny plane be toss around as the STORM rage around it . lighten fork flash frighteningly close . the seaplane pitcbe and roll alarmingly . haddock spot medicinal spirit and quietly reach for the bottle . tintin spot he and swat he hand away . tintin ( cont 'd ) no , Captain ! that a surgical spirit for medicinal purpose only . haddock quiet right , laddy , quiet right . the STORM outside worsen , and the plane do a barrel roll . once tintin rights the plane , haddock make another grab for the spirit . he unscrew the cap as the plane go into a dive . the pilot float off the floor of the cockpit and the alcohol emerge in the form of large globule that hover in front of haddock 's face . snowy float into view and slurp up the alcohol ! tintin pull the plane out of the dive at the last moment and snowy crash to the floor and burp . 65 . the plane go into another dive and more alcohol emerge from the bottle . haddock grab snowy '’s tongue and suck it down as quick as he can . tintin steady the plane again and the pilot be knock out by the return of gravity . the propellor come to a stop . tintin no , no , no ! a red light flash next to the fuel gauge . tintin ( cont 'd ) fuel tank ! it 's almost empty . Captain ! this may sound crazy but I have get a plan . the alcohol in that bottle may give we a few more mile . I need you to climb out of the plane and pour it into the fuel tank , haddock Christopher Columbus ! haddock buckle the belt on he parachute . haddock open the door for a moment . he quickly pull it shut . haddock ( cont ‘d ) ( defiantly ) there 's a terrible storm out there ! and it 's raining ! tintin and you call yourself a haddock ? haddock glower , get he nerve before again open the door . he immediately fall out of view . tintin ( cont ’d ) Captain ! Captain ! can you hear I ? Captain ! Captain ! haddock be head slowly appear in tintin n's window . tintin ( cont 'd ) you be do fine ! now , pour the bottle into the tank . we be run on fume ! haddock have a idea . 66 , haddock fume ! haddock straddle the plane and open the fuel cap . Inside the cockpit , the empty alcohol bottle hit tintin 's foot . tintin oh , no . haddock take a big breath and release a enormous belch into the tank . Inside the engine , piston fire manically and flame shoot out from the propellor as it spine again . haddock sit up and block the windshield . tintin ( cont 'd ) Captain ! I can not see ! haddock see something and point . haddock land , land !!! tintin we can not ! we be not there yet ! haddock no , land !!! suddenly , a sand dune appear and the plane be head straight for it ! haddock ( cont 'd ) turn !! tintin do he best to avoid a the dune . the plane pitchea wildly back and forth . the pilot have regain consciousness in the back and shake they head . haddock ( cont ’d ) starboard ! starboard ! starboard !! tintin swerve the plane again . the pilot have freed themselves from they binding . still on the nose of the plane , haddock be strike by lightning , yell and flip over the plane as he parachute deploye ! he grab the rudder before be pull into the air , scream , the pilot exit the plane door , deploy they own chute and drift into the desert . 67 . the plane hit a dune , catch fire and come to a stop . tintin be throw through the windshield and slide down the nose of the plane , towards the spin propeller . haddock ( cont 'd ) hang on , tintin ! I '' come !! snowy try to pull he to safety , but he quiff be trim by the rotors . haddock reach the plane and pull tintin to safety , before he chute be pull into the propeller and he be throw into the sand . snowy faint as tintin gradually regains consciousness . ext . desert - day later ... the iconic shot wide on : SUN blaze down mercilessly , as tintin , haddock and snowy trudge through the sea of sand , knotted handkerchief on they head . tintin be deep in think . haddock ia deep in gloom . haddock the land of thirst ... the land of thirst ! the land of thirst ! tintin will you stop say that ! haddock ( gasp ) you do not understand . I have run out , I have run out . angle on : haddock get on he knee . haddock ( cont ’d ) you do not know what that mean . haddock be in bad shape ... tintin support he . tintin Captain , we have to keep go . one step at a time . come on , on you foot . lean you weight on I . haddock a man can only hang on for so long without he vital . angle on : distance . angle on : 68 . tintin Captain , calm down - there be worse thing than sober up . haddock suddenly freeze - he be stare into the haddock ( excited ) look , tintin ! we be save ! Water ! Water ! haddock breaka into a run ... snowy try to stop he by biting he dangle suspender . they snap back into snowy's pace ! angle on : confuse , close on : tintin stop , Captain ! it 's just a mirage ! haddock stumble forward , end up day and look around the rolling sand dune . haddock ( confuse ) but it be here ... I see it ... tintin it be juat you mind play trick ... it 's the heat . haddock , as he eye fill with emotion . haddock I have to go home , tintin what ... ? haddock TI have to go back to the sea . tintin Captain , you be hallucinate ! haddock point towards a dune . haddock look , do you ever see a more beautiful sight ? tintin look towards the dune : nothing but roll hill of blister ssand . 69 , haddock { cont ’d ) ( awestruck ) she 's turn into the wind , all sail set ! haddock start to get up . haddock ( cont ‘d ) triple -mast , double deck , fifty gun ... close on : tintin stop in he track ... tintin ( softly ) the unicorn ? haddock be not she a beauty ? tintin ( encourage ) yes , yes she be ! tell I , Captain - what else can you see ? haddock she 's get the wind behind she ! look at the pace she 's set ! barely a day out of Barbados , a hold full of rum and the finest tobacco and the heart of the sailor set for home ! angle on : haddock 's pov ... three mast in full sail , fly the king ensign , slide into view in the desert - the ship at first hide by a high sand dune . transition : haddock stumble towards the sail and music swell as a desert dust cloud become sea spray , suddenly the sand be replace by ocean , and we sweep towards the majestic sight of the unicorn in full sail ! ext . ocean / the unicorn - stormy day angle on : the unicorn smashes into high wave . tower STORM cloud reach into the sky . angle on : sir francis haddock , the split image of the haddock we know , resplendent in he purple velvet naval uniform , and flamboyant feathered hat ! he be watch the other ship through he telescope . it 's a SMALL frigate . telescope Pov : the skull and cross bone flag unfurl in the strong wind . a small red pennant fly below it . 70 , sir francis the red pennant transition : sir francis be proud face dissolves into that of hia deacendant , a more fearful captain . ext . desert - day haddock turna to face tintin . haddock ( 0.s . ) the blood run cold of every sea captain who look upon that flag , for he know he 's face a fight to the death . but Sir Francis be a haddock , and haddock 'a do not flee . transition : he hold up the empty bottle as a spyglass ; the camera push into the bottle and a reflection of the unicorn , that become the ship itself . we zoom in to pick up sir francis prepare the crew . ext . ocean / the unicorn - stormy day sir francis stare at the pirate ship . sir francis ( yell } all hand on deck ! gunner to they atation ! let 's unload the King 's shot into this yellow - belly , lily liver , sea slug ! ( to he first mate ) prepare to bring she about , Mr. Nichols ! first mate aye , aye Captain ! prepare to bring she about ! angle on : the unicorn smashes into a vast wave , which break across she bow . the pirate ship crest a wave just behind they . ext . ocean / the unicorn - stormy day the crews of the unicorn and pirate ship trade cannon FIRE . a hole be blow in the sail of the unicorn . the two ship crash through the wavea side - by-side , cannon fire a wild volley between they . 71 . cannonballs tear into the sail of the unicorn as the jolly roger pull closer . the mast of the two ship become entwine . sir francis Mr. Nichols , secure the cargo ! ( to the crew ) prepare to repel all border ! the keel of the pirate ship skim the deck of the unicorn . pirate pour onto the deck of the unicorn . a violent fight ensue . pirate this way , we need more man ! sir francis look up and see pirate crossing from one mast to the other . sir francis climb the mast and the ship apart . the pirate ship sink and sir francis use the rigging as a zip line back to the deck . as sir francis battle wave after wave of pirate , a cloak figure , silhouett by fire and smoke , approach he . ext . desert - day transition : the silhouette of red rackham turn into the shadow of captain haddock in the desert . haddock and then he see he , like a phantom , rise from the dead . tintin ( captivate ) who ? close on : haddock , parched . thick grime cake he lip , sweat run down he face ... he struggle to maintain focus . tintin ( cont ’d ) Captain ? Captain , who do he see ? wide on : haddock and tintin stand in the desert , surround by endless sand . the silence be odd , after the mayhem of battle . haddock ( bewilder ) it 's go ... 72 . tintin what do you mean go ? what happen next ?! baddock be become confuse , struggle to remember . haddock by Jupiter , I have a beard ! since when do I have a beard ?! tintin Captain , something happen on the unicorn ! it 's the key to everything ! you must try to remember ! haddock the unicorn ? what ? I be so terribly thirsty . haddock sway on he foot . tintin ( alarmed ) Captain ! haddock ( fearful ) tintin ... what be happen to I ? close on : tintin catch hadpock as he fall forward , then lower he to the ground . tintin and to think all it take be a day in the sahara . congratulation , Captain . you be sober . haddock sober ... haddock pass out . wide on : the solitary figure of tintin hold the inert body of haddock in hie arm ... againat the vast backdrop of the sahara as the huge orange SUN sink below the horizon . ext , desert STORM - night quick image : the swirl sand glow in the full moon . snowy yowl in a plaintive call . 22 . loom shape approach , carry lantern and flashlight , glowing eerily , and casting dancing shadow into the swirling sand . they see the body of tintin , and haddock almost cover beneath drift of sand . a dash lieutenant delcourt lean over the body of tintin . delcourt good dog ! this one 's alive ! check the other ! afghar outpost soldier yes sir ! the other soldier inspect haddock . ext . afghar outpost courtyard - day a colonial foreign legion fort . tintin and snowy be lead by a prim , proper , pipe-smok british officer , delcourt . delcourt Lieutenant delcourt , welcome to the afghar outpost . tintin thank you , Lieutenant . we owe you we life . do you find my friend ? delcourt yes , but he 's not in good shape , I be afraid . he 's still suffer the effect of acute dehydration . he 's quite delirious . why do not we pay he a visit ? int . afghar outpost infirmary - day angle on : delcourt open a door to reveal a makeshift infirmary . haddock turn towards they as they enter the room . delcourt ah , haddock - you be awake , good . I have a visitor for you . delcourt step back to reveal tintin . tintin Captain ... 74 . haddock turne to greet he guest ... no sign of recognition . haddock hello ! £ think you have get the wrong room . tintin Captain ? it 's tintin . we plane crash in the desert , do not you remember ? haddock plane ? no , no , I be a naval man , myself . I never fly if I can help it . he 's get I confuse with someone else . nlook at the glass he ia hold ) what be this peculiar liquid ? there 's no bouquet , it 's completely transparent . delcourt why , it 's water . haddock what will they think of next ? delcourt well , we suspect he have a concussion , heatstroke , delirium . snowy go to the table next to the door , he grab a bottle of '' medicine '' . close on : the '' medicine '' be a bottle of whiskey ! !!! tintin he 's sober . tintin take the water glass and hand it to delcourt . tintin be focus on haddock . tintin ( cont 'd ) now Captain , out in the desert . haddock the desert ? snowy walk back and set the bottle on the side table next to haddock . a5 ) . tintin yes , you be talk about Sir Francis . he sit . haddock Sir who ? tintin Sir Francis , and you be tell I about what happen on the unicorn . haddock the unicorn ? tintin yes . haddock the stuff that dream be make of , wee child 's dream . tintin no , the ship ! oh , please try to remember , Captain . live be at risk . haddock reach for the glass , snowy push the bottle in place , haddock grab the bottle and drink the whiskey in one gulp ! tintin look back in horror . tintin ( cont 'd ) snowy ! what have you do ? haddock ahhhhhh ! tintin turn to delcourt and the soldier . tintin I would stand back if I be you . haddock start to get louder . tintin ( cont 'd ) ( urgent ) out ! everybody out of the room !!!! they all run out ; tintin grab snowy and close the door ! 76 . transition : haddock jump at the door , send splinter in all direction . int . afghar outpost store room - day haddock run along a wall , lunging with he sword ! haddock show yourself , Red rackham ! ext . ocean / the unicorn ~ stormy day red rackham step out of the shadow and into the light . sir francis see he , run forward to engage but be intercept by two pirate . transition : the two pirate become tintin and delcourt , circle haddock . int . afghar outpost office - day angle on : haddock leap on a table , face off against the invisible foe he see in he mind ‘s eye . haddock ( roaring ) if it 's a fight you want - you have meet you match ! tintin a fight with who ? tintin look on , snowy safely with he . haddock ( charge ) to the death ... ext . ocean / the unicorn - stormy day sir francis red rackham ! angle on : red rackham side - step sir francis , take off he cape and throw it over sir francis . he swing sir francis around , send he crash into crate and barrel . a fall piece of the mast turn into a wooden ceiling fan . 77 . int . afghar outpost office - day angle on : a heavy wooden ceiling fan crash down on haddock' head , knock he senseless ! transition : soldier run into the office . tintin stop they . we swirl around to see the oncoming guard become pirate . ext . ocean / the unicorn - stormy day sword surround sir francis , who lie on the deck . int . afghar outpost office ~ day tintin crouch down beside haddock . tintin ( concerned ) Captain ? angle on : haddock sit up , ashen -face ... a desolate light in he eye . tintin take he sword and hand it to delcourt . haddock ( quiet , reverie ) I remember everything now . everything granddaddy tell I . the unicorn be take . the pirate be now the master of the ship . tintin the crew surrender ? haddock granddaddy say that Red rackham call Sir Francis the King 's dog - a pirate hunter send to reclaim they hard win plunder . ext . the unicorn - night sir francis be lash to the mast by red rackham 's men . red rackham why would I waste my time on rum , tobacco , molass , and date when you have a more valuable cargo on board ? where be it ? sir francis you will have to kill I first . 78 . red rackham ( smile evilly ) not first , no . I will start with you man . transition : red rackham raise he sword . we push past to sir francis on the mast . tintin step behind the mast and we transition back to the outpost with the captain stand by he chair . int . afghar outpost office - day haddock be back on he foot ; he move around the room and tintin follow . haddock to save he man , he would give up the secret cargo . tintin and where be it ? transition : haddock walk to the bookshelf and slowly remove one , as though he be pull a lever . int . unicorn / below deck - night sir francis pull a lever disguise as book that reveal a hidden compartment on the ship . red rackham make he way down a ramp into the compartment . a mountain of treasure fill the compartment . haddock ( v.0 . ) 400 weight of gold , jewel , and treasure . we be behind rackham , who step in the middle of it and lift the mask off he face to get a better look , although we do not see he face . slowly lowering the mask , he turn , gesture with he sword top side . red rackham kill he man ! sir francis no , rackham , no !!! ext . unicorn / above deck - night flashback : sir francis 's men be shove off plank , fall overboard and be swarm by shark . 79 . sir francis rackham , you give I you word ! rackham ! rachkam ! ! transition : captain haddockn face be in each of the bubbles underwater . all of the bubbles come together to form one big bubble which pop we back into the present , as tintin hold haddock . int . afghar outpost office - day haddock Sir Francis know he be doom , that he no be hang from the high yardarm but they do not reckon on one thing . Sir Francis be a haddock and a haddock always have a trick up he sleeve . haddock move around the table , look at everyone , delusional , until he spot a quill in a ink well . he turn it over , look at the point . transition : move into the quill , the image dissolves into the quill on sir francis ‘s hat ... ext . the unicorn - night angle on : sir francis , be lash to the main mast . slump on the deck around he be sleep , drunken pirate ... he flip off he hat , catch it in he tooth , shake it . a feather in the band fall out , a sharp blade glint on the end . he catch it and begin to CUT he binding . int . afghar outpost office - day haddock and with that , he hurl himself forward ! tintin on the pirate ? like that ? unarm ? haddock no , no , on a bottle of rum roll on the deck . and he open it up and put it to he lip , and ... tintin put he hand on the bottle and take it away from haddock . 80 . tintin and then he stop . ' this be not time for drink , 's he say . I need all my wit about I . with that , he put down the bottle and - haddock ( dismissively ) ) yes , yes , he put down the bottle and he seize a cutlass ! haddock pick up a sword and swing wildly ! int . the unicorn / below deck - night sir francis sneak below deck , wield he cutlass . haddock ( 0.8 . ) and then he make he way to the ship 's magazine where they keep all the gunpowder and the shot ! he lay a trail of gunpowder up a flight of stair and right from the gunpowder ; on deck , red rackham 's sword come into the foreground and sir francis turn . ext . the unicorn deck - night red rackham you dog ... you would blow we sky high ! sir francis come on , then . let 's have you . sir francis and red rackham clash sword in a furious duel . sir francis cut a rope , and send a burning lantern smash onto the deck ... it instantly ignite the gunpowder trail ! red rackham not this time ! red rackham stamp the fizzing fuse out , but sir francis fend he away with a flurry of sword blows and kick the lantern back into the trail of gunpowder ! int . the unicorn gun deck - night angle on : as they continue the fight , rackham head down the stair to the gun deck . 61 . the fuse burn as rackham shove a drunken pirate and sweep away the gunpowder with he foot . sir francis knock over a lantern and relight the fuse ! the fight continue as sir francis and rackham movee to the stair . the fuse be continually sweep away and more lantern be drop to the floor ! angle on : sir francis gain the upper hand ... red rackham become desperate ... with backward stab of he cutlass , sir francis wound red rackham ! he drop hia sword , clutches a mast to steady himself . sir francis slashes at red rackham 's head , perfectly slice the silk scarf ... it flutter away , revealing red rackham' face ! close on : a long , deep scar run from he right cheekbone to the corner of he lip , cause he mouth to twist in a slightly deform manner ... nevertheless , he face be unmistakable ! he be the split image of sakharine ! int . afghar outpost office ~ day tintin ia gitting on the floor by the desk . haddock pointa the sword at he . haddock yout close on : haddock freeze in SHOCK ! stand , staring at somebody , tintin ( puzzle ) Captain ? what be it ? the camera push in on haddock 's ashen face haddock how could I be so blind ? tintin get up . tintin ( concerned ) what be you talk about ? 82. haddock this ie not just about the scroll er the treasure that go down with the ship . it 's I ! it 's I he 's after ! ext . the unicorn deck - night the fuse continue to burn towards barrel of gunpowder . red rackham ( quiet hate } you will suffer a curse upon you and you name , haddock . int . afghar qutpost office - day haddock pace the room . haddock he want vengeance . ext . the unicorn deck - night sir francis turn and walke to the porthole and red rackham whip he sword into the hull . red rackham ( yell ) come back and face I ! int . afghar outpost office - day angle on : haddock back across the room , a look of alarm on he face ! haddock hurry , tintin !!! haddock leap towards tintin , grab he arm ! haddock ( cont ’d ) ( urgent ) we be out of time ! tintin ( alarmed ) Captain ...! 83 . angle on : haddock race for the window , drag tintin with he ! ext . the unicorn - night sir francis jump out of the cannon hole into the water ! ext . afghar outpost courtyard - day angle on : haddock and tintin come fly out of the second floor window in a shower of broken glass . they land on a wooden cart fill with hay near the stable . int . the unicorn - lower deck - night the fuse arrive at the gunpowder barrel ! ext . the unicorn / underwater - night angle on : look up through the water as sir francis land in the foreground . at that moment , the dark hulk of the unicorn erupt into flaming fragment ! wide on : the unicorn and all on board be blast to piece ... debris fly in all direction . angle on : sir francis surface amongst the burning fragment of he ship . he be almost hit by the falling mast , then climb onto it . he hold out he hat to protect himself as treasure rain down , fill it to the brim . the unicorn quickly take on water . sir francis swim away as rackham , trap in the sink ship , curse haddock 's name . red rackham I curse you - I curse you name and all who come after ! we will meet again haddock ! in another time !! in another life !! sir francis sit on the mast as another explosion rock the unicorn . treasure fly into the air and rain down onto sir francis , some landing in he hat . the ship sink below the wave . ext . afghar outpost courtyard - day transition : haddock and tintin surface from the hay pile . 84 . haddock ( softly ) it 's not over . it be never over ! tintin I do not understand . who 's after you blood ! haddock sakharine ! tintin ( shocked ) sakharine . why ? haddock be stare into the distance . haddock he 's Red rackham 's descendant . he mean to finish it ! tintin digest this information . tintin that 's why he do it . haddock do what ? tintin sank he own ship ! Sir francie send that treasure to the bottom of the sea . he would be damned before he let Red rackham have it . haddock and he be . tintin but he could not let it lie . haddock no! tintin he leave a clue ! Three clue wrap in a riddle , conceal a secret . but only a true haddock will be able to solve it . haddock what secret ? a5 . tintin the location to one of the great sink treasure in all history . haddock ( realize ) the wreck of the unicorn . he mean to steal it . the third scroll ! billion of blue-blister barnacle , I swear , as the last of the haddocks , I will find that treasure before he ! tintin to bagghar . haddock spit on he hand . haddock to bagghar ! they shake on it . transition : the hand turn into sand dune ... ext . well of kefheir ~ day angle on : tintin , snowy and haddock be riding camel . as the crest a sand dune , bagghar be reveal below they . the karaboudjan be head into port . tintin point to the karaboudjan . tintin he 's here . ext . bagghar street and alley - day angle on : rushing through the narrow street of bagghar , tintin , snowy and haddock look for sakharine and he man . the crowded street be full of arab and berber , many with hood and scarf cover they face . two mysterious hooded figure come out and follow they . ext . bagghar square - day angle on : haddock and tintin walk through a crowded marketplace . 86 . haddock it 's no good . they could be anywhere ! close on : tintin whisper to haddock . tintin ( whisper ) Captain - do not look now , but we be be follow . close on : haddock casually glance behind he . haddock ( softly ) ah , so we be . angle on : tintin and haddock head toward the palace . the same two mysterious robed figure come out of the shadow and follow they into a narrow alley . ext . bagghar market - day angle on : follow the two hooded figure ... tintin and haddock' feet suddenly stick out from a doorway , trip they up ! one sprawl onto the ground , cause the next to topple over as well ! tintin step forward , fist clenched ! tintin what do you want ? why be you follow we ? haddock who be you work for ? haddock jump on they , grab they and smash they into the ground . angle on : the thom ( p ) son look up in confusion ! they hood fall away to reveal the bowler hat on they head ! tintin step in and pull haddock off they . tintin Captain , stop ! stop ! Thompson ! and ... thomson ! tintin help the thom ( pison stagger to they foot . 87 , thomson not so loud thompson we be in disguise . tintin so I see - you get the message I send from the ship ? thompson yes , well , bit of a long story , that . thomson the upshot be - we catch the thief , retrieve you wallet , and then hop on the next plane to bagghar . thompson yes , that pocket picker have pick he last pocket . with a flourish , thompson produce tintin 's wallet . thompson { cont ’d ) bo not worry , he do not take any money . tintin ( tense ) it 's not the money I be worried about . close on : tintin walk and turn away . he hurriedly fishea into he wallet and produce the neatly fold scroll ! tintin ( cont 'd ) the odd be even ! now to find the next two scroll . ext , bagghar market ~ continuous tintin 's deep in thought ... he put he wallet and the scroll away . angle on : tintin slowly lift he gaze to the opera banner which hang across the square . tintin ( quiet realization ) the milanese nightingale . ( more ) 88 . tintin ( cont 'd ) ( in a soft voice ) that 's hia eecret weapon ?! angle on : tilting down from bianca castapiore's portrait to the slogn write below : the world - famous '' milanese nightingale '' ! tintin , the thom ( p ) son and haddock stare at the banner . haddock ahh ! what a dish . int . salaad palace great hall - day angle on : paparaz2 I snap ... reporter shouting over each other ... bagghar resident yell for autograph . close on : bianca castafiore ia all smilee and pose . she 's the very model of bejewel opera STAR . bianca castapiore titter , delightedly . her laugh rise to a soprano trill . angle on : BEN salaad stand before she . he bow and kiss she hand . BEN salaad enchant , signora . bienvenuto ! welcome ! we be bless with you presence . castaf iore yes , indeed signore salad . ( wave to the crowd ) what charming peasant ! ( turn back to salaad ) May I introduce my escort , monsieur shuggair addeitiff ! angle on : from behind bianca castafiore step sakharine !!! he be dress in a tuxedo . bianca theatrically rest she hand on he arm . castafiore ( cont 'd ) he ' 's be very ... passionate in he support of this concert . it 's my first visit to the third world . sakharine please forgive I , I must escort madame to she drease room , Excuse ust 89 . sakharine guide bianca castafiore away from BEN salaad . BEN salaad and he secretary applaud as she go . BEN salaad bravo ! secretary bravo ! BEN salaad bravo ! secretary bravo ! BEN salaad bravo ! sakharine after you . his eye flick to the unicorn model as he go past it . angle on : nev-r-break bullet proof glass logo on the display contain the third model unicorn . ext . salaad palace - day as tintin and haddock stand at the entrance of the palace , guest arrive for the opera . palace guard watch tintin ; he make a decision . he take out he wallet , whisper . tintin here , I want you to look after this . what be you do ? tintin hand the second scroll to a surprised haddock . haddock I ? tintin yes . haddock be , you sure ? tintin if I be catch , I do not want they to find this on I . just keep it hide . haddock get down on one knee . 90 . haddock I will guard this with my life ! tintin get up , get up ! the camera crane up to reveal the whole of BEN salaad n's palace . int . salaad palace theater - day opera-goers take they seat as the orchestra play . BEN salaad sit front and center . a stir of excitement ... BEN salaad sit forward eagerly ! angle on : castafiore enter with great fanfare . haddock nudge tintin , excited . haddock it 's she ! through he opera glass , tintin notice the nev-r break logo on the unicorn display case . she step to the front of the stage and open she mouth ... launching with great vigor into a well - know aria . close on : haddock as a look of horror cross he face . haddock ( cont 'd ) blister barnacle , what 's that noise ! my ear - they be bleed ! tintin no , they be not ! haddock hit he head against the chair . snowy begin to whine . intin ( cont 'd ) shut up , snowy ! close on : castafiore 's hit high note , she bosom heaving . haddock oh , Columbus ! it 's every man for himself ! haddock suddenly stand push past annoyed theatre patron . ol . haddock ( cont ‘d ) make way , make way ! Medical emergency ! haddock stagger for the exit , hand block he ear ! haddock reach the table with the drink , he grab the tablecloth and yank it off . the bottle and glass do not move , haddock put the tablecloth around he head , like lawrence of Arabia . int . salaad palace theater lobby - day angle on : haddock hurry into the calm of the lobby . castafiore 's somewhat mute voice can still be hear . angle on : haddock take out a bottle from he jacket . haddock ah ha ! the second scroll flutter out ... close on : haddock 's hand try not to loose it . haddock stare at the scroll , fold it tightly . haddock ( cont 'd ) that be close ! he decidea to put the alcohol bottle down . he start to walk away ... a hand grab the bottle . as haddock walka forward , allan step in front of he ! tom ( chill ) hello , Captain . haddock look at he , shocked ! haddock youl whack ! allan bring the bottle of alcohol crash down on haddock' head ! int . salaad palace theater — day the guard behind tintin move closer . 92 . angle on : tintin see movement in the upper balcony ... a figure sit back in he seat , hide from view . castafiore 's reflection appear on he glass . the falcon land on he arm . angle on : tintin borrow a pair of opera glass lie on a seat nearby . he quickly scan for the half - hide figure in the balcony . tintin Pov : a brief glimpse of the figure - it be the silhouette of sakharine ! close on : castafiore’s face strain as she note lift higher and higher ! int . salaad palace theater - continuous close on : tintin , as dawn realization cross he face ! tintin oh , no . tintin stand and turn to the balcony . tintin ( cont 'd ) sakharine ! close on : castafiore continue singing to ear splitting note , eye squeeze tight ! crash ! glass and champagne shatter ! BEN salaad 's glass break ! sakharine lean into the light and reveal he smile . bianca 's voice soar higher ! angle on : the unicorn model . its glass case begin break , long spidery crack racing across the surface , as if under huge pressure . angle on : tintin suddenly stand - smash !! a glass chandelier shatter into tiny piece ! castafiore , still sing , turn towards the balcony - raise she arm in a dramatic gesture . close on : castafiore summon a deep breath , open her mouth and hit B flat over high c! 93 . the glass unicorn case shatter with explosive force ! Broken glass fly in all direction . angle on : BEN salaad react to the shatter case ! sakharine calmly launch he falcon . tintin ( cont ’d ) ( yell ) the falcon ! snowy , after it ! at that moment haddock burst into the theatre , wave hia arm around madly ! haddock ( yell ) tintin ! sakharine ( from the balcony ) that two ! they be here to steal you ship ! BEN salaad leap to he foot , wave he arm at haddock , scream order ! tintin no , no , no , no , no , we be not ! BEN salaad arrest he ! the ugly one ! tintin no wait ! haddock ( point to himself ) I ? BEN salaad yes ! thief ! arrest he ! BEN salaad 's soldier race towards haddock . castafiore look around at the sudden mayhem confuse by all the panic ! haddock be immediately pounce on by several palace guard ... haddock roar , fist flying , send guard toppling in all direction . BEN salaad ( cont 'd ) C ’est un voleur ! 94 . tintin hurry towards haddock , keep he eye on sakharine in the balcony ... the palcon soar down over the head of the theater - goer , fly towards the shattered unicorn case . angle on : the falcon swoops low , landing on the unicorn model ... he pick it up in hia talon and fly into the air . the unicorn fall . the unicorn model topple onto the floor . the mast break . we can see the metal scroll cylinder the falcon swoops down to pick it up . it 's a race between snowy and the falcon . the falcon snatch up the metal cylinder in hia beak , and instantly take to the AIR , just avoid the snap jaw of snowy who have race towards he ! tintin watch helplessly as the falcon fly back to sakharine , who catch he , and immediately disappear . BEN salaad scream order in prench . tintin manage to fight he way through to haddock . more palace guard close in on tintin and haddock ! BEN salaad be shout angry order , completely miss sakharine and the palcon . tintin and haddock manage to eacape . int . salaad palace corridor - day angle on : tintin and haddock race out of the theater ! tintin Captain , sakharine 's get the scroll ! haddock it 's worse than that ! tintin ( horrify ) what do you mean ? haddock they take you scroll tintin - it 's go ! 9. tintin skid to a halt ... approach shout ... tintin how ?! what happen ? haddock it be allan , he , he knobble I in the , in the garden . there be a bottle of alcohol ... tintin cut he off , disappointment write all over he face . tintin there always be . haddock no , no . no , not like that - haddock put he hand on tintin 's shoulder . tintin I can smell it on you . tintin push haddock 's hand off , and head out . ext . below dam , bagghar street — day angle on : sakharine pull out the three scroll from he jacket pocket - it be the first time we have see all three together . sakharine’s falcon sit on the corner of the windshield of the jeep ! sakharine smile smugly drop the three scroll into the leather wallet . sakharine hurry ! back to the boat ! ext . salaad palace - day tintin punch a guard , who fall to the ground . ext . salaad palace - day angle on : haddock desperately run out of the palace haddock tintin ! haddock join tintin ... 96 . haddock ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? tintin I be go after sakharine ! haddock by yourself ? tintin yes . come on , snowy . haddock consider he option . he turn back and grab the guard 's weapon : a rocket launcher , from the ground . a guard be start to stand up , as haddock swing the launcher over he shoulder and turn , he knock out the guard back to the ground . haddock walk over to the motorcycle , tintin kick in the engine . BEN salaad run out of the palace . BEN salaad get they , get they ! angle on : tintin rocket across the bridge , riding a motorcycle , with haddock and snowy in a sidecar . ext . below dam , bagghar street — day tintin 's reflection be in the rearview mirror of the jeep . tom look back . angle on : sakharine glance behind he - he face set ina hard mask when he see tintin . sakharine loge they ! get he off we tail ! angle on : allan begin fire on the motorcycle . snowy hide in the sidecar from the gunfire . haddock swing the rocket launcher onto he shoulder ... haddock squeeze the trigger ... boom ! the rocket launcher fire backward - straight into the dam control station ! angle on : haddock look back , try to spot where the rocket hit ... he can see a cloud of smoke rise . 97 . tintin do you hit anything ? haddock oh , dear , haddock throw down the rocket launcher . the wall of the dam burst with a thunderous boom ! angle on : tintin and haddock desperately attempt to outrun the wall of mud in the motorcycle ! ext . bagghar street , mud slide - day angle on : sakharine as he watch the deluge behind tintin and haddock . sakharine faster , you idiot , faster ! tintin skillfully navigate the motorcycle , as tom desperately steer the jeep down flood street . angle on : sakharine look behind they ... sakharine Pov : a torrent of mud be bear down on they ! tintines motorcycle be get closer ! tintin and haddock drive past on motorbike with sidecar ... snowy leap into the jeep and try to grab the scroll . sakharine try to keep they from snowy , only to have the scroll grab by tintin . snowy jump back to the motorcycle . sakharine ( cont 'd ) Devil ! tintin I 'il have that , thank you ! haddock come on , snowy ! come on ! incoming falcon at 4 o'clock ! sakharine 's falcon fly after tintin and haddock ... he swoops down ! the mudslide slam into the city building , destroy everything in its path . 98 . a tank burst through the wall behind they and haddock be bang on the head by the barrel . haddockas coat be snag by the tank cannon and he be lift from the sidecar . haddock ( cont 'd ) tintin , faster ! the scroll slip from tintin ' 's hand - haddock grab two . tintin the scroll ! haddock get one ! two ! snowy grab the scroll before it flutter away . tintin and three ! the motorcycle break in two , and tintin and snowy sail off in different direction ! tintin ( cont 'd ) snowy ! haddock hang from barrel of tank ... the tank careen and slide all over the road , smash haddock from one wall into another . haddock hang precariously over the edge of a drop ... haddock fall through line of wash ... haddock lose another scroll which flutter up into the air ! the scroll flutter in the air , haddock try to grab it . haddock oh , no - oh no ! not again ! come here , my beauty ! the falcon swoops in and snatch the scroll ... haddock give chase , cursing as he go ! haddock ( cont ’d ) ten thousand thunder typhoon ! come here , you pilfering parakeet ! tintin collect haddock on the front of he motorbike . tintin Captain , the bird - grab it ! 99 . snowy ride atop the mudslide and manage to capture the falcon , pin he down with the scroll still in he beak ! they race alongside tintin and haddock . tintin ( cont ’d ) Nice work , snowy - do not let he go ! haddock launce himself at the falcon ... he manage to upset snowy and the bird - they fly through the air into a build , as snowy hang on by he teeth to the scroll the falcon hold in hia talon ! haddock end up inaide the building ... he swirl around and around as the mud rise higher ..- haddock hang on , snowy ! snowy , I be come ! haddock grab snowy . wind , snowy let go of the scroll . the falcon snatch the scroll ... sakharine arrive in the jeep ... sakharine there he be ! there he be , stop ! stop !! he raise he arm to the bird . sakharine ( cont ‘d ) that 's right . that 's right , come to daddy ! come to daddy ... tintin intercept the falcon ! tintin get you ! sakharine no , wait ! he grab the bird and manage to get two of the scroll before the falcon escape ! tintin no !! as sakharine pursue tintin , haddock bear down on sakharine and he henchmen . sakharine come on , quickly ! quickly ! haddock geronimo ! haddock land on the jeep ! haddock ( cont 'd ) you double -deal , pilfering parasite ! sakharine keep you eye on the boy ! haddock thump allan , allan try to fight back . tintin chase the falcon through the collapse build and nearly manage to capture it after it become entangle ina loom . the falcon break free and the chase continue ! tintin Excuse I ! pardon I ! sorry ! the motorcycle be smashed on a bridge , and tintin use the handlebar to ride electrical wire like a zipline . he run along the wall of building , smashes into pole and ride a lantern after the falcon , the thread that still entangle the bird just beyond he grasp ! juet as the falcon lose tintin , he jump from a balcony and grab the falcon . tintin ( cont 'd ) get you ! allan there he be ! time slow as tintin slowly align the scroll , still lock in the talon of the falcon . the mysterious symbol slowly become number . tintin the scroll be lining up . this be hide number . sakharine observe tintin from nearby . tintin ( cont 'd ) what do it say ? tintin 's moment of discovery be interrupt by sakharine . sakharine I would not do that if I be you ! tom and allan hold haddock over the edge of a nearby build . sarbarine ( cont 'd ) let the bird go . what do you value more , that scroll or haddock 's life ? haddock agh ! do not listen to he ! you will never get away with this , you sour — face sassonack ! sakharine I will kill he ! tintin refusea to release the falcon . haddock bo not worry about I , tintin , I be fine ! sakharine let the bird go now or this man die ! allan and tom prepare to throw haddock into the water . tintin no , wait ! haddock ( to sakharine ) you two -time troglodyte ! you simper son of a po~face profiteer . sakharine perhaps we should put it to the test . here 's mud in you eye ! allan and tom throw haddock into the mud ! haddock fat head ! tintin release the falcon and dive in after he ! the falcon fly to sakharine 's arm . 102 . ext . bagghar harbour - day wide on : the tank finish drag the HOTEL bagghar to the harbor before fall into the water . thompson and thomson emerge on the balcony . thompson we be save ! thomson I love the beach . thompson you gaid you want a holiday ! thomson quite . the manager of the HOTEL come out and place a starfish on he sign to add a fourth star to the hotel 's three . angle on : the karaboudjan steam away from the BAY . haddock be watch it leave . haddock ( furious outrage ) nobody takea my ship ! angle on : haddock turn to tintin for support , but find tintin just sit , look defeat . tintin they have already take it . haddock nobody take my ship twice ! haddock ( cont 'd ) ( energize ) we will show they , eh , will not we , tintin ? alright then - what 's the plan ? tintin there be no plan . haddock of course there 's a plan - you always gotta have a plan . tintin not this time . 103 . ext . bagghar harbour - continuous haddock look at tintin expectantly . tintin sakharine have the scroll . they ' 1l lead he to the treasure ... it could be anywhere in the world . we will never see he again . tintin shake he head . tintin ( cont ’d ) it 's over . haddock I think you be a optimist ! tintin well , you be wrong , be not you ? I 'ma realist . haddock that 's just another name for a quitter . tintin you can call I what you like . do not you get it ? we fail . haddock fail ? there be plenty of other willing to call you a failure , a fool , a loser , a hopeless souse ! but do not you ever say it of yourself ! haddock poke tintin in the chest and he fall back into he chair . haddock look at tintin a beat . haddock ( cont 'd ) you send out the wrong signal , that be what people pick up . do you understand ? you care about something , you fight for it . you hit a wall , you push through it . there 's something you need to know about failure , tintin ... haddock turn and walk away from tintin . tintin look up at haddock . haddock turn and look at the karaboudjan leave . haddock ( cont ’d ) you can never let it defeat you . 104 . tintin play back what he hae just hear . he look up . and suddenly we know we have reach a turning point . tintin what do you just say ? haddock you hit a wall , you push through it ? tintin no , no , no , you say something about send out a signal ! tintin slap one hand with the other . tintin ( cont 'd ) ( explain ) of course ! Captain , I send a radio message from the karaboudjan . I know what radio frequency they nre transmit on . haddock well , how do that help we ? tintin all we have to do be send that information to interpol . they can track the signal and figure out which way they be head . the thom ( p ) son appear in the distance , walk along the beach towards they . haddock ( delighted ) here come interpol now . thompson tintin ! tintin any port they enter , we will know at once . haddock 's eye sweep round the harbour and settle on the seaplane that be moor there . haddock we can get there first ! ext . dock - night wide on : a busy european dockland . crane stand like skeletal dinosaurs , railway track run up the length of wharf , where many ship be moored . angle on : the karaboudjan pull into dock . sakharine come striding down the gangway , tom and allan behind he . stand next to a stately bentley car , wait for they , be nestor in a chauffeur 's uniform . tom what be we do here , boss ? I do not get it . we be right back where we start . sakharine you be to speak of this to no one . keep you mouth shut . allan do not worry . as long as we get we share . sakharine oh , you will get you share . just guard the ship . sakharine brandish the three scroll . tom but where be you go ? ( beat ) where 's the filthy moulah ? sakharine exchange a glance with allan . he understand allan be worry . sakharine walk toward he wait car , where nestor be stand . nestor good evening , sir . I trust you have a successful trip abroad ? sakharine ( rudely ) do I pay you to talk to I ? nestor ( mutter under he breath ) you do not pay I at all . angle on : sakharine slide into the car . suddenly , chain lift on either side of the car ! before sakharine can react , the car start rise into the air ! wide on : the car be be lift by one of the huge wharf crane ! sakharine what the blaze ? nestor , nestor ! allan and tom come out of the ship with they gun draw . they look up and see the car move toward tee crane ! sakharine ( cont ’d ) tom , allan , you blithering idiot , don't just stand there , do something ! allan and tom just stand and watch . angle on : haddock in the cab of the crane , pull lever ! haddock drive the crane forward and swing the car to the top of the roof of a build , where tintin stand with the thom ( p ) son twins . thompson caught he like a rat in a trap ! tintin congratulation , gentleman . he 's all yours . thomson yes ! we also have a arrest warrant issue by both interpol and the FBI . thompson you friend who get shot ... tintin barnaby ! ? 107 . thompson one of they agent . hot on sakharine 's trail from the start . tintin it still do not make any sense . he have the key to the treasure of the unicorn , which be sit somewhere on the ocean floor . why would he come back home ? angle on : the car swing over and land in front of the wait group ; they approach the car . angle on : haddock laugh from he crane as they approach . thompson step forward and pull open the back door ... the back be empty ! thomson right . thompson ( cont ‘d ) thomson sakharine ? sakharine ? silence . sakharine sit up in the driver seat . sakharine that 's Mr. sakharine to you ! sakharine pull a gun and keep they at gunpoint ; the other slowly back away . sakharine ( cont ’d ) hold it ! angle on : haddock see allan' reflection in the break windshield of the crane . allan enter with a gun in hand ; haddock quickly turn the crane , throw allan off balance . the gun go off , the bullet shatter a window . haddock try to wrestle it from he grip . the crane arm swing wildly , and tintin and the thom ( p ) son leap for they life as sakharine 's car swing across the roof , slam into a wall and be lift into the AIR . sakharine ( cont ’d ) what 's go ... ? 108. haddock and allan in the crane cab . allan push haddock out the side door , and he hang precariously from a railing . allan run to the control and raise the crane , lift sakharhine and the car into the air . sakharine ( cont 'd ) allan ! allan ! get I down , get I down , man ! angle on : sakharine in the car as it be swung away from the build on the pallet . sakharine ( cont 'd ) not that way ! not that way , you fool , the other way ! haddock sneak in behind allan , throw he from the room , and allan land in the bed of a passing truck . he take a seat at the crane control . sakharine jumpa out of the car and into the cab of second crane . angle on : sakharine take a seat in the second crane . he struggle with the control . ext . establish position of crane sakharine and haddock jump into action , and the crane approach each other and collide ! haddock and sakharine duel , as the massive metal arm of the crane violently slam into each other . tintin and the thom ( p ) son dive to safety as sakharine 's crane arm swing just over they head . sakharine then use the arm to throw a palette of cement bag into haddock 's cab . ext . collision / crane dueling haddock fight to clear the cab of the dust and debris ; the arm of sakharine’s crane crash into the front window of he cab . angle on : a police car be split in two by a crane . haddock slam he crane arm onto the sakharine's cabin , rip away the roof ! sakharine Close , but no cigar ! 109 . sakharine knock out the support of haddockas crane with a palette of box . haddock hit he head on the cabin roof . box and crate rain down on tintin , snowy and the twins . tom run at they with a gun , but be trap as several tire land on he . a group of thug rush to tom 's aid , but snowy open a crate of can that trip they up ! haddock charge with he crane ; sakharine and haddock be face to face . haddock ( deadly ) Red rackham ! sakharine that 's right , my ancestor . just as Sir Francis be yours . haddock ( grim ) unfinish business . sakharine I '' glad you know the truth , haddock . until you could remember , kill you would not have be this much fun ! sakharine’s crane slide backward , the arm swing wildly and knock haddock' crane over ! angle on : tintin watch as haddockas crane fall . haddockas crane land on the deck of the karaboudjan ; he tumble out of the cabin with other debris from the crane . sakharine walk down the arm of the crane toward haddock . haddock who give you permission to board my ship ?! sakharine I do not need it . sakharine pull a sword from he cane . sakharine ( cont ' ’d ) I have never need it . as haddock stand , he grab a metal lever off the ground . 110 . angle on : haddock and sakharine duel , just like they ancestor do ... and just as red rackham do , sakharine fight dirty . clang ! the metal of the sword meet the steel of the lever . sakharine kick haddock to the ground . as haddock try to get up , sakharine grab a fishnet and throw it at haddock ; it wrap around he neck . sakharine pull haddock to he and then spin he around . sakharine let go on the final turn , and haddock slam against crate fill with whiskey bottle . sakharine walk away from haddock . as haddock start to get up slowly , a bottle roll onto he hand . haddock look up at sakharine . a bottle slam into sakharine 's back . suddenly , sakharine be bombard with bottle - he try to fend they off but there be too many ! haddock have he arm fill with bottle , throw they at sakharine with all he might as he cross the deck . as sakharine duck for cover , he fall over the edge onto a lower platform . haddock slowly walka up with one bottle leave in he hand . sakharine come up with the scroll in one hand and a lighter in the other . sakharine ( cont ‘d ) the legend ssya only a haddock can discover the secret of the unicorn — but it take a rackham to get the job do ! so you have lose again , haddock . that 's right , why do not you have a drink ? that 's all you have get leave , be not it ? everything that be rightfully yours be now mine , include this ship ! suddenly , tintin swing in and retrieve the scroll from sakharine ! haddock thunder typhoon . nobody take my ship . haddock punch sakharine in the face , send off the ship 's railing ! haddock kick the last bottle of whiskey after he . it hit sakharine on the head . 111. tintin look up and lock eye with haddock , he see a new man . ext . police longboat - night the thom ( p ) son twins pull sakharine out of the water , and throw he down on the deck of the police longboat . thomson we have you now , you devil . you be under arrest ! thompson to be precise ... you be under arrest . sakharine put he hand up in defeat . ext . karaboudjan deck - dawn tintin hold the scroll up , allow the SUN to shine through they . tintin do you see ? close on : a row of number and letter along the bottom of the scroll . haddock blister barnacle ! they be coordinate ! tintin it take all three scroll to form the number . haddock latitude and longitude ... that be it ! that 's the location of the treasure ! tintin reach out he hand , but haddock grab he and they do a celebratory dance . haddock laugh . tintin we do it ! 112. ext . marlinspike countryside - day close on : the wind rush through snowy 's fur , and then tintines coif . haddock raise a sextant to he eye , check location against the position of the sun . puffy cloud tower above , and we assume he 's at sea . haddock almost there , mister tintin . a nudge to starboard should do it . close on : tintin ... low angle , look up towards the sky , wind blast he hair . tintin be you sure we be on course ? haddock aye , trust I , laddie - I know this part like the back of my hand ! wide on : haddock be stand on the passenger seat of a car , tintin behind the wheel . haddock ( cont ’d ) starboard ! quickly ! quickly ! tintin aye , Captain - starboard it be ... they go off the road and drive through hedge . ext . marlinspike front door - day they come through the clear and arrive at the front step of marlinspike hall . haddock full stop ! angle on : tintin look up at the exterior of the large mansion . haddock ( cont 'd ) marlinspike Hall ! tintin that coordinate lead here . this be where Sir Francis hide it ? ( puzzle ) I think the treasure go down with the ship ... 113 . angle on : nestor open the front door and welcome haddock and tintin . nestor master haddock , mister tintin , I have be expect you . int . marlinspike hallway - day angle on : haddock step inside the grand hall . nestor welcome to marlinspike Hall . haddock would you look at this place ! I do not think it 's change at all since I be a wee boy . nestor and may I say , Sir , how much I be look forward to have a haddock back in charge of the estate . haddock you will be wait a long time , nestor. ( wistful ) there 's no way I could afford to live here . tintin well , Captain , you know the house . where do we start ? haddock think a moment ... haddock be the cellar still here ? int . marlinspike hall cellar - day angle on : nestor lead haddock and tintin down the stair inte a dim vaulted cellar ... haddock look around in confusion . haddock no , no , no , no , no , no , this be not it . I mean the other cellar . 114 . nestor I be sorry , sir - there be no other cellar . haddock it be bigger than this ... angle on : snowy run away and suddenly disappear ! tintin snowy ! snowy , where be you ? tintin move over to the other side of the room , there ia a wall with furniture all stack up . the guard dog be look around try to get to the other side . tintin look around and see a open . tintin ( cont ‘d ) Captain , help I . haddock and tintin start to remove the furniture . angle on : tintin find a small hole in the brick wall . tintin and haddock look at each other . snowy be on the other side . tintin ( cont ’d ) snowy . just like you say , Captain . you hit a wall ... haddock ++. you push through it . int . secret cellar , marlinspike - day angle on : boom ! tintin and haddock use a old lump of wood as a batter ram ! they smash it against the brick , punching a larger hole in the brick wall . angle on : tintin climb through the wall into a long vaulted room , light with filter light beam down from dusty skylight ... the room be full of antique , old suit of armor , painting , statue . haddock my grandfather must have wall it up before he lose the house . tintin and haddock hurry along the rows of antique ... tintin look to the statue of a beard man hold a cross . close on : tee 115 . tintin and then shine forth , the Eagle 's Cross ... haddock I can see the cross but where 's the eagle ? tintin St. John the evangelist , who be always depict with a eagle , and he 's call the Eagle of patmos . he be the eagle . {at the statue ) but what be he try to tell we , Captain ? I be at a loss . a carve , stone globe . haddock lean close to study the globe have detailed island and coastloand in raise relief . haddock trace a archipelago of tiny island . close on : haddock that island , the one in the middle , that do not exist . tintin how do you know ? haddock because I have sail that water countless time . I have be there . it 's a mistake . tintin ; a idea be form in he mind . tintin what if it be not ... ? haddock look at tintin , intrigue ... tintin ( cont 'd ) Sir Francis want he inheritance to go to a man who be worthy of it ... a man like himself , who know the seas like the back of he hand . a man who could look at a globe and tell if one tiny island be out of place . haddock take tintin 's meaning . he lean forward and slowly press the tiny island that should not be there ... click !! the top of the globe pop open , like a lid ! tintin and haddock lean forward , peer into the globe . haddock ( quiet awe ) blister treasure ! it 'a Red rackham 's barnacle ! tintin dip he hand in and bring out a handful of treasure . haddock ( cont ’d ) what 's this ? haddock lift out the lining contain the rest of the treasure and chuckle . he recognize that it be sir francis' hat . he empty the content of the hat into another container , and proudly put it on . tintin pull a second piece of parchment from the globe . int , secret cellar , marlinspike — day nestor arrive , carry a tray with a bottle of champagne and glass . baddock bh hah ! it 's just a wee tipple - a toast to we good fortune ! ( drink ) oh , that 's better ! it 's odd really ... you would would of think after all the fuss and bother , there would have be more ... haddock drink tintin 's glass . tintin more of what ? haddock Red rackham 's treasure ! I mean , by you own account he loot half of South America ! I just think ... ach , never mind . there 's plenty to go around . ( sigh ) oh , it 's a funny old life , eh ? well , you have get you story for you newspaper . - all 's well that end well . nestor leave . 117 . tintin it 's not end . angle on : tintin hold up a parchment map . tintin ( cont 'd ) Sir Francis leave another clue at the bottom of the globe . haddock a clue to what ? tintin four hundred weight of gold just lie at the bottom of the sea . haddock and tintin exchange a look . tintin ( cont ’d ) how 's you thirst for adventure , Captain ? haddock unquenchable , tintin ! tintin and haddock stare at the map together . the camera zoom in on snowy . he bark , almost like he be say , '' oh no , not again ... help ! " title card : and the adventure continue ... end title