the perk of be a wallflower written by Stephen chbosky final draft fade in : 1 ext . tunnel - night 1 the title begin over black . we hear the sound of a old typewriter . someone reach out to we . the bell ding , announce the end of a line , and we see we title ... the perk of be a wallflower Music begin , picture fade up , and we be in the city . downtown Pittsburgh . look out of the back window like a child in the back of a station wagon . we see light on building and everything that make we wonder . we see the bridge . and the river below . and then we enter ... the tunnel . we keep move backwards , watch the light . Golden , alive , and hypnotic . the music carry we as we float out of the tunnel . onto another bridge . and over the highway . we move into the night sky , back through the tree , through a window , and into ... 2 int . charlie' bedroom - night 2 it be a neat and tidy little room . few poster or book . charlie be 15 . he be innocent , hopeful , awkward , and likable to everyone but he classmate . he sit at he desk , write a letter in pencil as he tape the title song through the radio on he cassette boom box . charlie ( v.o . ) dear friend , I be write to you because she say you listen and understand and do not try to sleep with that person at that party even though you could have . please do not try to figure out who she be because then you might figure out who I be , and I do not want you to do that . I just need to know that people like you exist . like if you meet I , you would not think I be the weird kid who spend time in the hospital . and I would not make you nervous . 3 int . charlie' house - moment later 3 Charlie anxiously walk through the hallway of he suburban split level house . 2 . charlie ( v.o . ) I hope it 's okay for I to think that . you see , I have not really talk to anyone outside of my family all summer . Charlie move to the live room where dad watch a football game . Mom read a page turner and sip she white wine . Charlie wait for they to notice he . and wait . and wait . 4 int . charlie' bedroom - night 4 Charlie sit at he desk , continue he letter in pencil . charlie ( v.o. ) but tomorrow be my first day of high school ever , and I really need to turn thing around this year . ( hopeful ) so , I have a plan . 5 int . mill grove high school hallway - last day 5 we see it in Charlie 's mind . slow motion and wondrous . the kid clear out they locker by throw they old papers in the air like a New York confetti parade . charlie ( v.o. ) as I enter the school for the first time , I will visualize what it will be like on the last day of my senior year . Charlie walk down the hall . triumphant . confident . happy . charlie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) unfortunately , I count , and that 's ... smash CUT to : 6 int . mill grove high school hallway - first day 6 reality . the bell ring , and we see the chaotic maze from Charlie 's Pov . a senior bully lead the ritual , make dozen of freshmen hop down the hall . senior bully hop , freshman toad . hop ! move it , boy ! as senior grab more victim , Charlie move to the wall . charlie ( v.o. ) ... 1,385 day from now . varsity football player pass , wear they letter jacket . 3. linebacker man , you get big . nose tackle worked out all summer . rock hard , dude . at the front of the pack be brad hay ( 17 ) , the quarterback . he 's good look , charismatic , and friendly . the big man on campus . Nice guy , too . brad hay would you guy get a room ? they laugh . Charlie turn to the trophy case to avoid they . try to make himself as small as possible . charlie ( v.o. ) ( try to be optimistic ) just 1,385 day . 7 int . mill grove high school - cafeteria - lunch 7 Charlie move down the lunch line with he sister . candace kelmeckis be 17 and a beautiful type a , straight a priss . charlie ( v.o. ) in the meantime , I would hope that my sister candace and she boyfriend derek would have let I eat lunch with they earth club . candace senior only . ( bark to derek ) what be you do with a plastic spork ? candace turn to she boyfriend , derek , 17 . derek be such a pussy , the most masculine thing about he be he pony -tail . derek I do not want to bring back silverware -- candace derek , you be Earth Club treasurer . derek take the silverware like a beat dog . Charlie watch they move into the intimidating cafeteria . 8 int . cafeteria - later 8 Charlie sit in the corner alone , observe everyone have a great time with they friend . he see a pretty girl with blonde hair have the best first day . this be susan , 14 . 4. charlie ( v.o. ) when my sister say no , I think maybe my old friend Susan would want to have lunch with I . Charlie catch she eye and wave , but she look away . charlie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) in middle school , Susan be very fun to be around , but now she do not like to say hi to I anymore . Charlie turn he attention to the quarterback , Brad hay . charlie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and then there 's Brad hay , who 's the quarterback of we team . before my brother go to play football for Penn State , he and Brad play together . so , I think maybe he would say hi to I . but Brad 's a senior , and I be I , so ... who be I kid ? Brad catch Charlie stare at he . awkward . 9 int . shop CLASS - day 9 Charlie sit by himself , watch the freshmen boy laugh as a senior paint a goatee on he face with a grease pencil . charlie ( v.o. ) on the bright side , one senior decide to make fun of the teacher instead of the freshmen . he even draw on Mr. callahan 's legendary goatee with a grease pencil . meet patrick ( 18 ) , full of confidence , mischief , and so over high school . he be the class clown , perform a perfect imitation of the teacher , Mr. callahan . patrick boy , the prick punch be not a toy . I learn that in ' nam back in ' 68 . " callahan , " the sergeant say , " put down that prick punch and go kill some gook . " the laughter suddenly die as the real mr. callahan ( 57 ) walk up behind the oblivious Patrick . patrick ( cont 'd ) but you know what happen ? that prick punch kill my best friend in a saigon whorehouse . 5 . Patrick suddenly feel Mr. callahan behind he . oops . mr. callahan I hear you be go to be in my class . be you proud be a senior take freshman shop , Patty - cake ? patrick my name be Patrick . you call I Patrick or you call I nothing . mr. callahan okay ... nothing . the class laugh . except Charlie . he watch Patrick take the long walk back to he seat . charlie ( v.o. ) I feel really bad for Patrick . he be not say the impersonation to be mean or anything . he be just try to make we freshmen feel better . mr. callahan everyone open you safety guide . nothing ... why do not you read first ? Patrick open the book . patrick chapter 1 . survive you fascist shop teacher , who need to put kid down to feel big . ( to the class ) oh , wow . this be useful guy . we should read on . Charlie smile . he love he already . 10 int . english CLASS - morning 10 the kid pass back paperback copy of to kill a mockingbird . Charlie open he trapper keeper , take a pencil out of the plastic pouch , and write ... " english CLASS ... day one . " charlie ( v.o. ) my last class of the day be advanced English , and I be excited to finally start learn with the smartest kid in the school ... a smart ass freshman girl with brace smile at he . 6 . smart ass freshman ( whisper ) Nice trapper keeper , faggot . the kid around he laugh . Charlie 's ear turn red . at the blackboard , the teacher write he name ... Mr. Anderson . but you can call he bill ( 27 ) . Bill be a idealist . bill shhh. I be Mr. Anderson . and thanks to teach for America , I be go to be you teacher for freshman English . this semester , we be go to be learn harper Lee 's to kill a mockingbird . genius book . now , who want to get out of the first pop quiz ? all hand go up . except Charlie 's . Bill pace the row . bill ( cont 'd ) I be shocked . alright . you can skip the quiz if you tell I which author invent the paperback book . anyone ? as kid think , Bill confiscate contraband , remove hat . bill ( cont 'd ) he 's british . he also invent the serial . in fact , at the end of chapter 3 of he first novel , he have a man hang off a cliff by he fingernails . hence , the term cliffhanger . anybody ? freshman girl Shakespeare . bill that 's a great guess , but no , Shakespeare do not write novel . anybody else ? ( off they silence ) the author be ... Bill be about to give the answer when he notice Charlie have already write ... Charles dicken . bill ( cont 'd ) ... Charles dicken . however , if you and I have go to a play in Shakespeare 's time , it would have cost 4 penny . can you imagine that ? we would have put that penny in a metal box , which the usher would lock in the office . and that 's where we get the term ... anyone ? 7. kide ( o.s. ) " Office Depot ! " " Office supplies ! " Charlie write down box Office , then look up to find that Bill be stare at he . wait for he to raise he hand . bill I will give you a free " a " on anything but the final term paper if you get it right . Charlie look down . he 's not go to answer . bill ( cont 'd ) box office . the kid groan . they should have know . Charlie smile to himself . he 's go to like this class . 11 int . english CLASS - later 11 the bell ring . the student chatter they way out of class . the last to leave be Charlie . bill you should learn to participate . Charlie stop and turn to find Bill erase the board . bill ( cont 'd ) why do not you raise you hand ? ( off Charlie 's shrug ) they call you teacher 's pet ? freak ? ( off Charlie 's nod ) I use to get spaz . I mean , come on , spaz ? Charlie smile . Bill take a moment . then ... bill ( cont 'd ) so , I hear you have a tough time last year . but they say if you make one friend on you first day , you be do okay . charlie thank you , sir , but if my English teacher be the only friend I make today , that would be sort of depress . bill yeah . I could see that . charlie do not worry , Mr. Anderson . I be okay . 8. Bill nod and watch Charlie exit . he get swallow up by the hallway as the bell ring . 12 int . mill grove high school - hallway - day 12 Charlie look through the thick office glass . he see Patrick use he charm on mrs . SMALL , ( 58 ) the principal . patrick ( to Mrs. small ) I would happily not take shop ... out of nowhere , the senior bully grab Charlie 's book . senior bully hey , freshman toad . the bully rip the cover . he throw it on the ground as he friend laugh and disappear down the hall . Charlie walk up and pick up he book . charlie ( v.o. ) well , I have 1,384 day to go . and just so I say it to someone , high school be even worse than middle school . 13 ext . charlie' house - day 13 Charlie walk up the path to he house . charlie ( v.o. ) if my parent ask I about it , I probably will not tell they the truth because I do not want they to worry that I might get bad again . 14 int . charlie' house - afternoon 14 Charlie tape he book cover back together . he look up as he dad come home from a long day . Charlie 's mom hug he . charlie ( v.o. ) if my aunt helen be still here , I could talk to she . and I know she would understand how I be both happy and sad , and I be still try to figure out how that could be . I just hope I make a friend soon . Love always , Charlie . 15 int . charlie' dine room - early evening 15 Charlie stand in the kitchen , pour he milk . 9 . mother ( o.s. ) Charlie , come on . his family be seat around the table . candace 's boyfriend , derek , be they special guest . derek mmmm . this chicken paprikash be delicious , Mrs. kelmeckis . Charlie 's father roll he eye , then read he sport page . mother thank you , derek . it 's Charlie 's favorite . he be a little nervous about start high school , so I make it . father you feel a little silly be nervous now , huh , champ ? charlie yes , sir . I sure do . Charlie carry he milk back to the table . he quickly sit , hope someone will change the subject . father I tell you . just give them a smile and be yourself . that 's how you -- candace " -- make friend in the real world . " father you be cruisin ' for a bruisin ' . derek freshman year be tough , but you really find yourself . father ( deep eye roll ) thanks , derek . 16 int . live room / entry hall - evening 16 Charlie 's father and mother watch a local sport show . Charlie pass by they with ice cream on he way downstairs . mother I think you could be a little nicer to derek . 10 . father I be sorry . the kid 's a pussy . I can not stand he . Charlie move to the entry hall . he look through the screen door to the porch where candace kiss derek 's cheek goodbye . as derek walk to he mom 's mercede , candace join Charlie . derek ( wave from car ) I hope you love the mix I make . the cover be hand - paint . when he get into he car , she hand Charlie the mix tape . candace Charlie , do you want this ? charlie be you sure ? candace he give I one every week . 17 int . charlie' bed room - dusk 17 Charlie sit on he bed , read to kill a mockingbird , the cover tape back together . we see derek 's mix ... Autumn leave ... rotate in he old tape recorder . derek ( v.o . ) hey , Babe . this next one might be a little sad , but it remind I of you eye . the first note of the smith ' " asleep " begin . as morrissey sing , Charlie keep read . and read . CUT to : 18 int . charlie' bedroom - day 18 the read be do . Charlie proudly put to kill a mockingbird on he newly dub " shelf of Fame . " 19 int . mill grove high school - hallway - afternoon 19 the song continue as we see glimpsis of Charlie 's day to day life over the next few week . Charlie exit he English class . freshmen bully wait for he , lead by ... smart ass freshman do you already do the term paper on to 11 . silence . they grab and drag he into the boy 's room . we hear the toilet flush for the swirly . 20 int . charlie' bedroom - dusk 20 Charlie look at the new bottle of prescription wellbutrin . he put a pill in he mouth and wash it down with rc cola . 21 int . charlie' live room - afternoon 21 Charlie watch he brother and the Penn State nittany lion on tv . he look over at he father , but he dad be too busy building Charlie 's clock for shop class to notice he . 22 int . mill grove high school - cafeteria - lunch 22 Charlie carry he tray through the intimidating cafeteria . not give up . look for somewhere to sit . CUT to : 23 int . mill grove high school - cafeteria - lunch 23 Charlie sit by himself in the corner . he look around the cafeteria , want to break in . not know how . after a moment , he return to he book . the song end . 24 ext . mill grove high school - football stadium - night 24 Friday night football in western , PA . Charlie busy he Coke and nacho and wander to the bleacher . he sit alone , try to blend in by cheer with the rest of student . when the mill Grove devil recover a fumble , he hear ... patrick come on devil ! woooooo ! Charlie look up at Patrick , cheer he head off . twin senior girl pass he , taunting . twin senior girl hey , nothing . hey , nothing . patrick suck it , virginity pledge ! Charlie want to go up to Patrick so badly . after drive himself crazy , sit up and down twice , he approach . charlie hey ... Patrick . 12 . patrick hey ! you be in my shop class , right ? how 's you clock come ? charlie my dad 's building it . patrick yeah . mine look like a boat . ( off Charlie 's awkward silence ) you want to sit over here , or be you wait for you friend ? charlie no . I will sit if that 's okay . Patrick motion for Charlie to sit . Charlie sit . elate . patrick thanks for not call I " nothing " by the way . it 's a endless nightmare . and this asshole actually think they be be original . Brad hay put on he helmet and rush onto the field . Charlie dry he hand on he pants . so nervous . a 5 second silence that feel like a year . think of something to say . anything . charlie so , uh ... you like football ? patrick Love it . charlie then , maybe you know my broth -- patrick hey , Sam . Charlie look up . stand there be the prettiest girl he 's ever see . SAM ( 17 ) would make every mother proud and every father nervous . she be alive , adventurous , and a world class flirt . great attitude . great taste . great banter . SAM question . could the bathroom here be more disgusting ? patrick yes , they call it the man 's room . 13. Sam sit down , sandwich Charlie between she and Patrick . Charlie try to remain casual . hang in there , buddy . SAM well , I finally get hold of Bob . patrick Party tonight ? SAM no . he 's still try to shag that waitress from the olive Garden . patrick he 's never toss that salad . Brad hay march the devil offense down the field . the kid clap . Sam look at Charlie , then turn back to Patrick . SAM ( about Charlie ) Patrick ... who 's this ? patrick this be ... charlie uh ... Charlie ... kelmeckis . patrick kelmeckis ! no shit ! you sister date pony tail derek , do not she ? charlie be that what they call he ? SAM awww . leave pony tail derek alone . you put the " ass " in " class , " Patrick . patrick I try , Sam . I try . SAM it 's nice to meet you , Charlie . I be Sam . Sam extend she hand to Charlie . every nail a different color . they shake . then , Sam grab a nacho . Zoink ! patrick so , what 's the plan , Sam ? you want to go to Mary Elizabeth 's house ? 14 . SAM can not . she get catch water down she parent 's brandy with iced tea . let 's just go to king . patrick ( turn to Charlie ) hey ... we be go to king after the game if you want to come . Charlie nod just as Brad hay toss a touchdown pass . the fan go crazy . especially Patrick . Charlie smile . 25 int . king family restaurant - night 25 the devil ' faithful cheer as Brad hay and he guy enter ! the place be pack . Patrick and Sam drink coffee while Charlie eat he brownie . they be all excited . SAM do you have a favorite band ? charlie I think the smith be my favorite . SAM be you kid !? I love the smith ! the best breakup band ever . what 's you favorite song ? charlie asleep . it 's from louder than bomb . I hear it on pony tail derek 's mix tape . patrick that work on so many level . charlie I could make a copy for you . SAM thanks . what about eide 's ? you love eide 's , right ? charlie ( never hear of it ) yeah . they be great . patrick not a band , Charlie . SAM it 's a old record store downtown . 15 . patrick I use to be popular before Sam get I some good music . so , watch out , Charlie . she will ruin you life forever . charlie that 's okay . Brad hay , the quarterback , pass with he posse . taunting . nose tackle &amp ; linebacker hey , nothing . hey , nothing . patrick let it go ! Jesus ! it 's a old joke ! it 's over ! Sam laugh . she love watch Patrick get rile up . SAM so , Charlie ... what be you go to do when you get out of here ? charlie my aunt helen say I should be a writer , but I do not know what I would write about . SAM you could write about we . patrick yeah . call it slut and the falcon . make we solve crime . Sam laugh . Charlie smile . charlie you guy look happy together . how long have you be boyfriend and girlfriend ? ( off they laugh ) what ? SAM he 's my step -brother . my mom finally leave my worthless dad and marry he nice dad 3 year ago . patrick but Sam 's not bitter . make no mistake . SAM absolutely . I be not a bulimic . I be a bulim-ist . 16 . they laugh at they inside joke . Charlie have no idea what 's so funny . charlie I be sorry . I do not know what that mean . patrick she just really believe in bulimia . SAM ( crack up ) I love bulimia . 26 ext . charlie' house - night 26 Charlie hop out of Sam 's old truck . the music blare . patrick thanks for pay , Charlie . charlie ( so eager ) no problem . thanks for the ride . hey ... maybe I will see you around in school ? SAM ( distract - to Patrick ) God , would you turn that down ? you be go to make we deaf . bye , Charlie . patrick bye , Charlie . charlie okay . bye . Charlie wave as the truck leave . the look on he face . the happiness from one night of company . 27 int . charlie' house - night 27 Charlie enter the house , excited to tell someone he news . he run up the stair to find the live room empty . he hear the tv play downstairs in the basement . 28 int . doorway to basement - night 28 as Charlie approach , he hear muffle sound of fight . derek ( o.s. ) I be sorry . I can not do anything about it . please talk to I . 17 . candace ( o.s. ) maybe you mom and I should have a " drive we to we hair appointment " contest . then , I could spend a Saturday with you . Charlie look through a slit in the open door to find ... derek there 's nothing I can do -- candace do you always want to be a mama 's boy ? derek I be not a mama 's boy -- candace yes ! you be ! every time I go to you house -- derek shhh . shut u-- candace -- you mom say , " do not go to Columbia with candace . go to Pitt , derek . mommy need you to stay at home because she can not drive herself . " she 's only 51 . derek shut up , candace ! 29 int . charlie' house - basement - continuous 29 Charlie enter , want to stop the fight . derek 's neck be red . dangerous angry . candace keep digging . candace and you just stand there like a little bitch dog . SNAP ! out of nowhere , derek slap she across the face . it 's not a movie slap . it 's a real slap . Dead sound . and after it , silence . candace turn and see Charlie . it sober she up . Charlie move at derek . candace stop he . candace ( cont 'd ) Charlie , just go . I can handle it . just do not wake up mom and dad . she push he out of the room and close the door . 18. 30 int . charlie' bedroom - night 30 Charlie sit at he desk . so disturb . he hear a car start outside . he move to he window and look down at derek and candace near derek 's mother 's mercede . derek be cry . candace comfort . after a beat ... they kiss . Charlie stand freeze , a look creep across he face . mother ( v.o . ) hey , look who 's here ... flashback to : 31 int . entry hall - night ( flashback ) 31 the door open to reveal Charlie 's mom and aunt helen enter the house . aunt helen carry a suitcase . the child do not know where she 's be or why she look sad . they just know they love she . Little Charlie stand at the top of the stair with he brother and sister in they Sunday clothes . there be balloon . and streamer . little candace welcome home , aunt helen ! aunt helen oh. look at you all , dress so nice . aunt helen smile at Little Charlie on top of the stair . match CUT to : 32 int . entry hall - night ( present ) 32 Charlie stand at the top of the stair as candace enter the house . she be startle when she see Charlie . they whisper . charlie what be you do ? candace look , I egge he on . you see it . he 's never hit I before . I promise he will never hit I again . she 's about to go back downstairs when ... charlie like aunt helen 's boyfriend ? a silence pass between they . then ... 19 . candace Charlie ... this be pony tail derek . I can handle he . will you trust I ? please , do not tell mom and dad . with a desperately confident nod , candace go downstairs . Charlie stand in the entry hall , troubled . 33 int . gymnasium - night 33 the homecome dance be in full swing . God bless everyone . especially Charlie . he 's alone at the wall , dress in he Sunday suit . to we , adorable . to himself , in live hell . Charlie watch he sister , slow dance with derek . as happy as she look , Charlie still be not sure if he do the right thing by keep quiet . the song end to applause . after a beat , Charlie turn away . that 's when he see Sam and Patrick at the punch bowl . we hear the first note of " come on , eileen " by dexy 's Midnight runner . SAM oh , my God . they be play good music . patrick Holy shit . they be ! they be play good music ! SAM ( total mischief ) live room routine ? patrick live room routine ! Charlie watch Sam and Patrick run to the center of the floor and show this stiff crowd what dance be . it start slow . " so over it " hand move . a little shoulder . and then , the best of swing . 30 second of genius . Charlie take a breath . then , he try desperately not to look like he 's dance toward they as he dance toward they . he bob he head like a dork . and once he get close , Patrick and Sam turn and find he . SAM &amp ; patrick hey ! without a pause , they grab he hand , and move together in a circle . they own island . after a moment , Sam move around Charlie like a maypole as the whole gym explode into dance . 20 . 34 ext . bob be house - night 34 the party rage inside this mansion in the rich part of town . Patrick and Sam walk up the step with Charlie tailing . SAM God , it 's freezing . patrick but you wear that toasty costume . it 's not like you be try too hard to be original . SAM piss off , Tennessee tuxedo . charlie be you sure it 's okay that I come ? SAM of course . just remember , Charlie ... Bob 's not paranoid . patrick " he 's sensitive . " Sam knock . the door open , revealing bob ( 20 ) . Bob be the cool high school kid , who never quite leave . he 's stone so often that people can not tell the difference anymore . bob Sam ... that waitress from the olive Garden be a tease . will you marry I ? SAM only if I have Patrick 's bless . bob Patrick ? patrick you be a hopeless stoner who attend the culinary institute . so , I be go to have to say " no " on that one , but nice try . Charlie ? Patrick lead Charlie inside , leave Bob stare at Sam . bob touché. 35 int . bob' basement - moment later 35 21 . patrick Charlie ... this be a party . the music blast . Charlie 's eye be we guide . as they walk through the crowd , you can smell it . stale beer and cigarette smoke . High school party . the room be pack * with kid play quarter . other pour vodka into a watermelon . patrick ( cont 'd ) this be what fun look like . Patrick smile when he spot two friend . patrick ( cont 'd ) you ready to meet some desperate woman ? mary elizabeth and alice ( both 17 ) sit on the sofa together . Mary Elizabeth be smart , a little overweight , and extremely bossy . Alice will figure out that she 's a lesbian in college . right now , she just like movie and be Mary Elizabeth 's " beta female . " patrick ( cont 'd ) here , have a seat . hey , lady , meet Charlie . Charlie , meet lady . they shake hand and say they hellos . patrick ( cont 'd ) this be Charlie 's first party ever . so , I expect nice , meaningful , heartfelt blow job from both of you . mary elizabeth Patrick , you be such a dick . patrick where the hell do you go ? mary elizabeth the dance be a little boring , do not you think ? patrick you be so selfish . we look everywhere for you . you could have tell someone . mary elizabeth Cry I a river . patrick how be it that you get meaner since 22. mary elizabeth just lucky I guess . patrick I think you be do something wrong . mary elizabeth or something very right . Patrick and Mary Elizabeth laugh at they banter , just as Sam call out from the other side of the room . SAM ( o.s. ) hey ! look who 's here ! the party turn , and Charlie see Brad hay , the quarterback , enter with Sam and bob. Patrick approach they . Charlie sit on the beat up couch next to the girl . he 's shocked . charlie be that Brad hay ? alice yeah . he come here sometimes . charlie but he 's a popular kid . mary elizabeth ( offended ) then , what be we ? Charlie try to think of something , but he can not . the girl turn , ignore he . Bob approach with a tray . bob Charlie , you look like you could use a brownie . charlie thank you . I be so hungry at the dance . I be go to go to King 's , but I do not really have any time . thanks . Bob smile . Mary Elizabeth give Alice a know glance . Charlie bite into the brownie . the icing gush between he tooth . the image go up into the smoke like a inhale as he chew and chew and chew . 36 int . bob be basement - later 36 after a beat , the music change , and the image exhales back down to Charlie , who be now ... baked out of he mind . the 23. whole party surround he now , pissing themselves with laughter as this shy kid talk and talk and talk . charlie have you guy feel this carpet ? this carpet feel so darn good . mary elizabeth ( laugh ) Charlie , what do you think about high school ? charlie High school ? bullshit . the cafeteria be call the nutrition Center . and people wear they letter jacket even when it 's 98 degree out . and why do they give out letter for march band ? that 's not a sport , and we all know it . mary elizabeth this kid be crazy . Charlie look at Mary Elizabeth with she new wave haircut . charlie and Mary Elizabeth , I think you be really go to regret that haircut when you look back at old photograph . ( off they laughter ) I be really sorry . that sound like a compliment in my head . mary elizabeth oh , my God ! alice well , it 's kind of true . mary elizabeth shut up ! Sam enter the room . take quick stock . then ... SAM Bob , do you get he stone ? bob come on , Sam . he like it . just look at he . SAM how do you feel , Charlie ? 24 . charlie I just really want a milkshake . the entire room explode with laughter . Charlie love that people find he so funny . 37 int . bob' kitchen - night 37 Sam take the ice cream from the freezer to the blender . Charlie watch she make the perfect vanilla milkshake . charlie Sam , you have such pretty brown eye , the kind of pretty that deserve to make a big deal about itself . you know what I mean ? SAM okay , Charlie . let I make the milkshake . charlie what a great word . milkshake . it 's like when you say you name over and over again in the mirror , and after awhile , it sound crazy . SAM I be guess you have never be high before ? charlie me? no . my best friend Michael . his dad be a big drinker . so , he hate all that stuff . party , too . SAM well , where be Michael tonight ? charlie oh , he shot himself last May . Sam look up . shock silent . Charlie be just stone . charlie ( cont 'd ) I kind of wish he would leave a note . you know what I mean ? ( off she sad nod ) where 's the bathroom ? SAM it 's up the stair . charlie 25 . Charlie wander off . Sam watch he go . 38 int . hallway - night 38 Charlie leave the bathroom and stop when he see himself in a large ornate mirror in the hallway . charlie Charlie . Charlie . weird . Charlie wander down the hallway , a little lose . he find the door to the master bedroom and open it . he see Patrick and Brad hay ... kissing . charlie ( cont 'd ) woah . patrick Charlie ? brad hay ( nervous ) who be that kid ? patrick relax . relax . he 's a friend of mine . stay here . Patrick close the bedroom door and follow Charlie . charlie I do not see anything . patrick I know you see something , but it 's okay . Patrick take a quick peek to make sure no one be watch . patrick ( cont 'd ) listen , Brad do not want anyone to know ... wait , be you baked ? charlie " like a cake . " that 's what Bob say . and how you can not have 3 on a match because they would find we . and everyone laugh , but I do not know what 's funny . patrick okay , Charlie , listen . I need you to promise that you be not go to say anything to anyone about I and Brad . this have to be we little secret . 26 . charlie we little secret . agreed . patrick thank you . we will talk later . charlie I look forward to that big talk . Patrick laugh , go back to the room , and close the door . 39 int . bob be basement - night 39 the party have thin . Sam watch Charlie drink he milkshake obsessively with Alice and Mary Elizabeth . charlie be not this the best milkshake , Alice ? it 's even better than the first one . Patrick walk downstairs . Sam motion he over . SAM ( barely audible whisper ) I need to talk to you . Charlie just tell I that he best friend shot himself . I do not think he have any friend . Patrick turn to look at Charlie . he feel so bad for the kid . Patrick raise he plastic cup to the remain crowd . patrick everyone . raise you glass to Charlie . Charlie look up . a little paranoid . everyone be stare . charlie what do I do ? patrick you do not do anything . we just want to toast we new friend . ( off he look ) you see thing . and you understand . you be a wallflower . Charlie dry he sweaty hand on he pants . he look around the room at the nod and friendly face . patrick ( cont 'd ) what be it ? what 's wrong ? charlie 27 . patrick well , we do not think there be any cool people leave to meet . so , everyone ... SAM &amp ; everyone to Charlie . they all drink . Sam approach he . a know smile . SAM welcome to the island of misfit toy . Charlie smile , and the soundtrack come rush up loud . smash CUT to : 40 ext . / int . sam' truck - night 40 the truck speed on highway 376 toward the Fort Pitt tunnel . Patrick drive . Sam crank the radio , blaring " the tunnel song . " the Star 's anthem , " you ex - lover be Dead " be we prototype for tone . SAM my God . what be this song !? patrick right ? I have no idea . SAM ( to Charlie ) have you hear it before ? charlie never . SAM ( light bulb ) wait ! let 's go through the tunnel ! patrick Sam , it 's freezing . SAM Patrick , it 's the perfect song ! patrick no. mama Patrick say no . SAM Patrick , it 's Sam . it 's Sam talk to you , I be begging you to drive I -- 28 . patrick ( laugh ) alright ! I concede ! Sam climb through the window to the flat bed . she grip the flood light to steady herself as she stand . charlie what be she do ? patrick do not worry . she do it all the time . SAM turn it up ! patrick you get it , you highness . Patrick turn up the volume and drum on the steering wheel , just as the truck fly into ... the tunnel we go behind the truck . rising as Sam put she arm in the air . the image move to Charlie 's point of view , rise from Sam 's foot up she shiver leg . past the band - aid on she right knee . to Sam 's face as she look down . into the camera . right at we . for we be now ... Charlie , look up at Sam , so in love with this free-spirit . so happy to have friend . happy to be alive . Charlie get this look on he face . Patrick notice and smile . patrick ( cont 'd ) what ? charlie I feel infinite . the truck fly out of the Fort Pitt tunnel onto the bridge . Patrick and Charlie laugh as Sam raise she arm . free and young and alive on the great night of Charlie 's life . CUT to : 41 int . charlie' bedroom - afternoon 41 we see Charlie proudly put a smith poster on he wall next to photo of he new friend . he dance to he desk , listen to Air supply 's " all out of Love " on he walkman . 29 . charlie ( v.o. ) dear friend , I be sorry I have not write for awhile , but I have be try hard not to be a loser . as the lyric begin , Charlie unabashedly lip-synch ... AIR supply I be lie alone with my head on the phone , think of you ' till it hurt . Charlie sit at he desk , write and lip-synch . charlie ( v.o. ) for example , I be try to participate by listen to Sam 's collection of big rock ballad and think about love . Sam say they be kitschy and brilliant . I completely agree . 42 int . bill classroom - morning 42 as the student file out , Charlie hand he paper to Bill in exchange for a beat up copy of the great gatsby . charlie ( v.o. ) I be also study extra book outside of class . as it turn out , Mr. Anderson be a writer . he even have a play put up in New York once , which I think be very impressive . he and he wife might go back there after this year . I know this be selfish , but I really hope he do not . Charlie pause in the doorway and turn back to look at Bill . 43 int . cafeteria - lunch 43 Charlie turn from the lunch line with the great gatsby on he tray . he look at the gang at they table . he sit with they as they debate the design of this month 's fanzine . charlie ( v.o. ) my favorite time , though , be lunch because I get to see Sam and Patrick . we spend the time work on Mary Elizabeth 's fanzine about music and the Rocky horror picture show . it 's call punk Rocky . Mary Elizabeth be really interesting because she be a Buddhist and a punk , but somehow she always act like my father at the end of a " long day . " 30 . 44 int . library - afternoon 44 the xerox spit out copy of punk rocky ! Halloween issue ! Alice staple while Mary Elizabeth work she like a sled dog . charlie ( v.o. ) her best friend Alice love vampire and want to go to film school . she also steal jeans from the mall . I do not know why because she family be rich , but I be try not to be judgemental . especially since I know how they be all there for Patrick last year . Patrick never like to be serious , so it take I awhile to get what happen . Sam and Alice laugh when Patrick begin stapling Mary Elizabeth 's fanzine to within a inch of they life . [ note : the follow sequence will come from Charlie 's Pov of Patrick and Brad 's activity over a weekend . ] 45 ext . football stadium - night 45 Brad hay lead the football team through the banner onto the field as Charlie , Patrick , and Sam cheer . moment later , Brad pull he helmet on and rush onto the field . charlie when he be a junior , Patrick start see Brad on the weekend in secret . I guess it be hard , too , because Brad have to get drunk every time they fool around . 46 int . cafeteria - lunch 46 Patrick whisper while the gang study they sat book . charlie ( v.o. ) then , Monday in school , Brad would say , " man , I be so waste . I do not remember a thing . " this go on for 7 month . 47 int . ST . thomas more catholic church - morning 47 Charlie sit with he family in itchy church clothes . he turn to see Brad with he father and mother . proper family . Brad 's dad give he a pat on the back . charlie ( v.o. ) when they finally do it , Brad say he love Patrick . then , he start to cry . 31 . charlie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) say he dad would kill he . and say he be go to hell . 48 int . library - day 48 we see Patrick and Brad walk in the library . they reach the stack , and just when it look like they will speak , they simply ... pass each other without a word . charlie ( v.o. ) Patrick be eventually able to help Brad get sober . I ask Patrick if he feel sad that he have to keep it a secret , and he say no because at least now , Brad do not have to get drunk to love he . Brad sit down with he football pal . Patrick join Charlie and Sam at they table . Charlie look over at Sam , study hard for she sat 's . charlie ( cont 'd ) I think that I understand because I really like Sam . I ask my sister about she , and she say that when Sam be a freshman , the upper classman use to get she drunk at party . I guess she have a reputation . but I do not care . I would hate for she to judge I base on what I use to be like . 49 int . charlie' bedroom - dusk 49 we see Charlie make a mix tape on he boom box . charlie ( v.o. ) so , I have be make she a mix tape so she will know how I feel . the two cassettes run . the song be just about to finish when ... the side run out of tape and snap off . charlie ( cont 'd ) ah , shit ! 50 ext . dormont hollywood movie theater - midnight 50 the marquee announce it 's time for the ... 51 int . dormont hollywood movie theater - midnight 51 ... Rocky horror picture show ! the rocky emcee , dress as riff raff , whip the crowd into a frenzy . 32 . rocky emcee crowd gimme a r! gimme a o! r-o-c -k -y ! Rocky ! Rocky ! gimme a c! gimme a k! gimme Rocky ! a y ! what 's that spell !? the crowd cheer ! Charlie clap from the front row . 52 int . dormont hollywood movie theater - later 52 the movie be in full swing . Charlie watch Sam as Janet in the floor show . Sam mimic Susan sarandon perfectly . especially the body . she wink at Charlie as " fanfare / do not dream it " begin and arrive regally as Frank and furter in full drag be ... Patrick . patrick whatever happen to fae wray ? that delicate , satin drape frame ? as it clung to she thigh , how I start to cry ' cause I want to be dress just the same . Patrick be a rock star . he approach Charlie . put he ass in he face . Charlie be freak out and laugh ! especially when he see Brad , alone in the back , smile . patrick ( cont 'd ) give yourself over to absolute pleasure . swim the warm water of sin of the flesh . erotic nightmare beyond any measure . and sensual daydream to treasure forever . can not you just see it ? woah oh oh ! Charlie stop laugh when the orgy begin between Patrick , Mary Elizabeth ( as Columbia ) , craig ( 21 ) , a art student with a model 's body ( as Rocky ) ... and of course ... Sam . Charlie watch Sam until he can not take he lust ( or guilt ) . 53 int . craig' loft apartment - kitchen - night 53 we hear the chorus of " do not dream it , be it " as Charlie watch all of the exciting cast member at the after- show party . Charlie see a photo of Sam 's naked back on the wall of Craig 's loft . very arty . very black &amp ; white . Charlie 's lust ( and guilt ) be now at 11 . Alice look at the photo . alice it 's gorgeous , Craig . what do you use ? Craig be impressive to high school kid . he 's a little pretentious . but he art school life . his red wine . his loft . wow . right now , he hold court in the wine line . 33. craig Color film , but black and white paper for the printing . my professor give I a " a , " but for the wrong reason . most of they be idiot . you will see what I mean when you get to college . how be you sat 's by the way ? alice ( worried ) 1150 . I think I will get into nyu . craig yeah , I hope so . mary elizabeth ( cruel to Alice ) 1490 . Harvard . face ! 54 int . craig' loft apartment - moment later 54 Charlie see Sam alone on the loft step . she look a little down . he hand Sam a plastic cup and sit next to she . charlie hey . be you okay ? SAM yeah . yeah . but I get my sat result back . oops . charlie you can take they again . SAM yeah , it 's just if I be go to Penn State main campus , I have to do much better . I wish I would have study freshman year . I be a bit of a mess . charlie I will help you study for the next one . SAM will you ? charlie yeah , of course . SAM thanks , Charlie . Charlie summon he courage . he hand she the mix tape . 34 . SAM ( cont 'd ) what 's this ? charlie just a mix tape . no big deal . my parent have a pretty good stereo . it 's all about that night in the tunnel . I could not find that song we be listen to , but I be still search for it , so -- SAM it 's okay . this be great . you have really good taste , Charlie . charlie really ? SAM yeah . Way better than I as a freshman . I use to listen to the worst top 40 . charlie no . SAM yeah , I do . but then I hear this old song . pearly Dew drop Drop . and I think someday I would be at a party in college or something . and I would look up and see this person across the room . and from that moment , I would know everything be go to be okay . you know what I mean ? charlie ( devastate in love ) yeah . 55 int . craig' loft apartment - later 55 the tape revolve in the stereo , play a beautiful ballad . Charlie watch Sam sway to he music like a serenade . like she be dance with he . but she be not . a wider angle reveal that she be slow dance with ... Craig . Charlie be 15 year old crushed . no filter . just feel . Patrick , Alice , and Mary Elizabeth watch Sam across the room . alice so , what do you think ? patrick I do not know . 35 . alice I hope it work out . Craig would be a big step up from she last boyfriend . mary elizabeth no , shit . who could forget Mr. car wash loser ? patrick I just hope she stop play dumb with this guy . I keep tell she ... do not make yourself small . you can not save anybody . Craig dip a smile Sam as the song end . Sam go into the kitchen . Craig approach Charlie . turn off he mix tape . craig man , you mix be morbidly sad , kid . how about something a little more upbeat ? Craig grab a record from the pile and slap it down . craig ( cont 'd ) Sam tell I you want to be a writer . charlie yeah . alice do not you write poetry , Craig ? craig no. poetry write I . you know ? Charlie sigh . Craig 's upbeat song begin to play . he dance over to Sam . Charlie 's heart break as he watch Sam hug on Craig . 56 int . mill grove high school - hallway - day 56 in a mirror image , candace hug on derek near the locker . Charlie close he own locker and move down the hall . 57 int . english CLASS - morning 57 the bell ring . Charlie set down he on the Road paper . bill wow . that be fast . you want another one ? 36 . Charlie nod . Bill smile and reach into he desk . he hand Charlie a copy of a Separate piece . Charlie take the book and start to walk out , but he turn back . charlie Mr. Anderson ... can I ask you something ? bill yeah . charlie why do nice people choose the wrong people to date ? bill be we talk about anyone specific ? Charlie nod . Bill look straight at he . not preaching . come from a history of personal experience and pain . bill ( cont 'd ) we accept the love we think we deserve . charlie can we make they know they deserve more ? bill we can try . Charlie smile . 58 int . king family restaurant - morning 58 Charlie wait nervously at a booth . he see Sam enter . he fix he hair , then pretend to read he sat prep book . SAM hey , Charlie . charlie hey , Sam . I do not see you come in . you want to work on probability and statistic ? Sam nod . they open they book , and a Christmas song begin . in a quick passage of time , we see they study next to Halloween decoration . then , Thanksgiving . and finally , Christmas decoration . 59 int . charlie' house - night 59 the song continue . Charlie 's mom and sister hang the Christmas ornament as Charlie help he dad find that " one 37 . charlie hey , dad . can I have 30 dollar ? father ( old joke ) 20 dollar ? what do you want 10 dollar for ? charlie Sam be do secret santa . it 's she favorite thing in the world . please . Charlie 's father reach into he pocket and hand Charlie a bill . it 's a fifty . dad wink , in a great mood . father have fun . charlie thanks . 60 int . mill grove high school - day 60 locker be open by Charlie . sam. Patrick . wrapped gift be deposit . mischief smile . locker close . everyone love get they present except Charlie - who get sock . 61 int . bill classroom - morning 61 Bill hand Charlie a well wear copy of the catcher in the Rye . he smile . bill Charlie ... this be my favorite book grow up . this be my copy , but I want you to have it . charlie thanks . bill have a great Christmas break . charlie you too , Mr. Anderson . 62 int . shop CLASS - day 62 Mr. callahan , the shop teacher , look at a sad sack girl 's clock . he take a moment , and then ... mr. callahan terrible stain . 38 . he move to Charlie 's dad 's amazing clock . he hand Charlie a a on a piece of paper . mr. callahan ( cont 'd ) that 's pretty good , Charlie . Mr. callahan move to Patrick 's shitty wooden clock . no stain . no finish . lop-side . the ugliest clock you have ever see in you life . mr. callahan ( cont 'd ) you have get to be kid I . patrick if you fail I , you get I next semester . Mr. callahan write a grade and slap it down . 63 ext . west end overlook - night 63 the song continue as Patrick hold up the grade . C minus ! Charlie and Sam cheer as Patrick scream at the top of he lung ... patrick woo ! C minus ! it 's over ! it 's over ! lady and gentleman , I be below average ! SAM below average ! Patrick scream at the city in the distance . below average ! 64 int . dormont hollywood movie theater - GREEN room - night 64 we move to find Sam , hold she sat score up to the group . SAM hey , guy . 1210 . everyone cheer . Sam hug Charlie . 65 int . SAM and patrick house - game room - night 65 Charlie carry Sam on he shoulder past the Christmas Tree . Sam wear a Santa hat like a hot elf . SAM no more application ! no more sat 's ! thank you , Charlie ! they pass Mary Elizabeth as she open she final present . 39 . mary elizabeth multiple pair of blue jeans . wow . this be a really tough one , but I be go to have to guess ... Alice . Alice smile . Bob nudge she . guilty as charge . Mary Elizabeth pull one last item out of the gift bag . mary elizabeth ( cont 'd ) wait , guy ... a receipt ! she actually pay ! patrick impossible ! mary elizabeth I be so touch . Alice laugh . Patrick pour everyone brandy . the kid look ridiculous , but they do not feel ridiculous . charlie where 's Craig ? SAM he go home to Connecticut . he will be back for New Year 's Eve . charlie I be sorry we will not be see he tonight . Sam nod , then turn . Charlie be delighted . no Craig . the kid settle in the live room in front of the fire . SAM alright , big brother by 3 week . who 's you secret santa ? patrick I will tell you , Sam . this one 's tough . I have receive a harmonica , a magnetic poetry set , a book about harvey milk , and a mix with the song " asleep " on it ... twice . Charlie start snicker . he can not help himself . patrick ( cont 'd ) I mean , I have no idea . this collection of present be so gay that I think I must have give they to myself . but despite that distinct possibility , I be go to have to go with ... drum roll ... Charlie . 40 . Charlie hold up he hand . yay ! they all cheer . SAM alright , Charlie ... it 's you turn . Charlie and Patrick switch place . Charlie stand . charlie okay . uh , I have receive sock , pants , a shirt , and a belt . I be order to wear they all tonight . so , I be guess my secret santa be Mary Elizabeth . patrick huh . now , why do you say that ? charlie I do not know . she boss people around sometimes . the gang crack up . Mary Elizabeth be piss . mary elizabeth what the hell be wrong with you ? charlie sorry . patrick well , you will be surprised to know that you secret santa be actually ... I . charlie you get I clothes ? why ? patrick because all the great writer use to wear great suit . you last present be on a towel rack in the bathroom . delve into we facility . emerge a star . Charlie give Sam a sack of present . charlie can you hand this out while I be go ? mary elizabeth wait a second . there 's only secret santa present . there be rule , Charlie . patrick Mary Elizabeth , why be you try to eat Christmas ? Hand they out , Sam . 41 . Sam give out the present . the group rip they open . Alice look at a book about Martin scorsese with the inscription ... alice " Alice , I know you will get into nyu . " Alice turn to Mary Elizabeth who hold up a card with ... mary elizabeth 40 dollar . ( read card ) " to print punk Rocky in color next time . " Bob blow soap bubbles into the air . stone . mesmerized . bob he know I . he really know I . Sam look at she present . a old 45 record of the Beatles classic " something " with a card . she read the card . hold it to she chest . very move . SAM come on out , Charlie . they all chime in . " let 's go , young man ! " " Charlie ! Charlie ! " Charlie open the door off camera , and we see he entrance play off they face . the reverse angle reveal ... Charlie dress in he suit . like the best of English mod in the 60' . for that of you who know the book , this be the cover . they all clap . it 's magic . patrick yeah ! what a display of man I have ever see ! Sam and Charlie look at each and smile . 66 int . sam' bedroom - later 66 the door open . Sam and Charlie walk into the dark room . charlie where be we go ? SAM it 's a surprise . Sam flip the switch , bathing the room in light . Sam 's room be so cool . a shrine to music . a xerox that say " the beating will continue until morale improve . " virgin Mary icon . snow globe . kitsch . 42 . charlie be this you room ? it 's so cool . SAM thanks . Sam point to a green box with a red ribbon on she desk . charlie you get I a present ? SAM with all that help on my Penn State application ? of course I do . open it . Charlie lift up the box to reveal a old manual typewriter . charlie I do not know what to say . SAM you do not have to say anything . Sam go over and type . " write about we sometime . " he smile and type back . " I will . " they look at each other . we can hear a lovely ballad play downstairs . SAM ( cont 'd ) I be sorry we can not be here for you birthday . charlie that 's okay . I be just sorry you have to go back and visit you dad . SAM I be in such a great mood , I do not think even he could ruin it . I feel like I be finally do good . charlie you be . SAM I ? what about you ? when I meet you , you be this scared freshman . and look at you in that suit . you be like a sexy English school boy . I see Mary Elizabeth check you out . charlie ( innocent laugh ) no . 43. SAM innocent . worst kind of guy . never see you come . and parent love you . that 's like ... extra danger . charlie well , it have not work so far . SAM come on . you have never have a girlfriend ? not even a 2nd grade valentine ? he shake he head . SAM ( cont 'd ) have you ever kiss a girl ? charlie no . what about you ? SAM have I ever kiss a girl ? charlie ( laugh ) no ! you first kiss ... Sam get this strange look in she eye . a little haunt . SAM my first kiss ? I be 11 . his name be Robert . he would come over to the house all the time . charlie be he you first boyfriend ? SAM he be my dad 's boss . Charlie go silent . SAM ( cont 'd ) you know Charlie , I use to sleep with guy who treat I like shit . and get waste all the time . but now ... I feel like I have a chance . I could even get into a real college . charlie it 's true . you can do it . SAM 44 . charlie my aunt ... she have that same thing do to she , too . and she turn she life around . SAM she must have be great . charlie she be my favorite person in the world ... until now . Sam smile . she 's very move . SAM Charlie , I know that you know I like Craig . but I want to forget that for a minute . okay ? I just want to make sure that the first person who kiss you love you . okay ? Charlie nod . and with that , Sam lean over and kiss he . it start softly , then Sam wrap she thin arm around he . holding on for lonely life . when the song crescendos , and they part , Charlie and Sam look at each other . finally ... SAM ( cont 'd ) I love you , Charlie . charlie I love you , too . 67 ext . SAM and patrick house - night 67 the porch light be as golden as Charlie feel right now . we see the girl wave to each other and hug Sam . gang " merry Christmas ! " " good luck at you dad 's ! " " see you at New Year 's ! " Patrick approach Charlie in the doorway . charlie have a good time at you mom 's . patrick thanks . and Charlie ... since you be bear on Christmas Eve , I figure you do not get a lot of birthday present . so , I think you should have my clock . from the heart . 45 . charlie thank you , Patrick . Sam give Charlie one last hug . Patrick and Sam watch they friend leave . patrick I love you guy ! 68 ext . downtown pittsburgh - night 68 we fly as high as Charlie feel . above the city on Christmas Eve . 69 int . charlie' house - night 69 the front door open , revealing Charlie 's dad . father hey ! look who 's here ! he move out of the way , and stand there be Charlie 's older brother , CHRIS kelmeckis ( 19 ) . Chris be handsome , charismatic , and a all around winner . CHRIS come here , little sister . candace hey , Chris . Big hug . Chris smile big and " son flirt " with he mom . CHRIS ma , you look so thin ! mother 10 pound ... Weight watcher . Big kiss . when he let go , he see Charlie and smile . CHRIS Charlie ... Chris and Charlie look at each other in silence . then , hug . as the family move into the dining room to celebrate , Chris give he a quiet ... CHRIS ( cont 'd ) happy birthday . 70 int . charlie' dine room - moment later 70 46 . mother make a wish , honey . we move closer to Charlie as he make he wish and blow out he 16 candle . match CUT to : 71 ext . charlie' STREET - night ( present ) 71 the wind blow out a candle in one of the luminaria bag . the suburb be quiet . not a creature be stir . except ... Charlie . he fill a brown paper bag with sand and a candle . he light the candle , make the bag glow like a beautiful lantern . he look down he street , where family be out with they kid , do the same luminaria ritual . match CUT to : 72 ext . charlie' STREET - night ( flashback ) 72 the same street . Christmas Eve . many year ago . aunt helen and the kid finish they luminaria bag . aunt helen light up the candle . they glow . aunt helen can you see it , Charlie ? the luminaria be a landing strip for Santa Claus . the image go wide . all of this bag glow . beautiful . aunt helen rattles she key . whisper . aunt helen ( cont 'd ) keep a eye out for he with you brother and sister . I will be right back . she bend down and whisper into he ear . aunt helen ( cont 'd ) I be go to get you birthday present . she muss he hair and get in the car . end flashback 73 ext . charlie' STREET - night ( present ) 73 Charlie hover over the glow luminaria . something be bother he . he shake it off . 47 . 74 int . charlie' house - kitchen / dine room - night 74 Charlie wander through the quiet house . he turn the corner where he find Chris sit at the table . he 's light by a couple of candle and the blink light of the Christmas Tree . he 's surround by leftover . Charlie sit . charlie hey . Chris chew and swallow . famish . they both whisper . CHRIS hey . God , I miss mom 's cooking . you have no idea how good you have it . I be actually beginning to hate pizza . Charlie smile . grab a hershey kiss cookie . charlie how be you like school ? CHRIS not bad . I be no brainiac like you or candace . but I be do okay . charlie okay ? you be play in a bowl game . Chris laugh . Charlie smile . a moment pass . Chris change he tone . cautious . CHRIS how be you feel , Charlie ? charlie good . CHRIS you know what I mean . be it bad tonight ? charlie no . CHRIS no ? charlie I be not picture thing anymore . and when I do , I can just shut it off . CHRIS ( relieved ) 48 . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) now . and maybe if it do get bad again , you can just talk to they , yeah ? charlie yeah . especially Sam . I be go to ask she out at New year . I think the time be right now . Chris smile at he kid brother . we hear the church organ . 75 int . ST . thomas more church - morning 75 the family move down the line to receive Holy Communion at Christmas mass . Charlie 's father , then mother , then sister , take the sacrament . Charlie be next . the priest make the motion of the cross with the communion wafer . he place it in Charlie 's hand . Charlie bring the sacrament to he mouth with he finger ... match CUT to : 76 int . bob' live room - night 76 we move in closer to Charlie 's finger in he mouth . when he take he hand out , we see ... a tab of lsd . the church organ be now a rock organ . and it 's now ... New Year 's Eve . Charlie close he mouth . he look down the hall of the smoky room where Craig have he arm around Sam . Charlie turn to Mary Elizabeth , who 's also dose . charlie how long do this take to work ? 77 ext . bob be house - night 77 about 45 minute . the sound be mute thick . slight echoe . Charlie shovel the snow . crunch . fascinate by he breath make fog . Sam come outside . she 's worried about he . SAM shovel snow , huh ? charlie I have to get this driveway clean . then , I have to congratulate you for be happy because you deserve it . SAM you say that a hour ago . charlie be that tonight ? God . I be look at this tree , but it be a dragon , and then 49 . SAM okay , Charlie . do not freak out . just give I the shovel . calm down . look up . she point . Charlie look up . see the star . SAM ( cont 'd ) be not it quiet ? charlie Sam , you ever think that if people know how crazy you really be , no one would ever talk to you ? SAM all the time . so , you want to put on this glass ? they will protect you . Sam put she arm around he shoulder . protect he . Charlie look through the glass . the sky bend like a globe . when he breathes , the sky ripple . 78 int . bob be house - night 78 Charlie wander through the party , trip out of he mind . he sit down on the sofa . the world unbend as Charlie take off the glass . kid walk around the party , leave ghost of themselves behind . Charlie look upstairs to find ... Sam and Craig kissing . Craig lead she to the bedroom . Charlie look back at the party as kid gather for the New year countdown . Patrick lead the charge . patrick 10 - 9 -8 ... 79 ext . charlie' STREET - night ( flashback ) 79 in a quick flash , we see 7 year old Charlie with aunt helen on Christmas Eve . she bend to whisper in he ear . aunt helen it will be we little secret , all right ? 80 int . bob be house - night ( present ) 80 we be back to present as Charlie take a deep breath and try to remember that he 's at a New Year 's party . patrick 7-6-5-4-3-2-1 . happy New Year ! 50 . the crowd cheer , leave ghost of themselves . Charlie get up from the sofa and walk out of Bob 's house . 81 ext . charlie' STREET - night 81 Charlie walk down the road under a streetlight . silhouette . the road be icy . Charlie lay down and start move he arm in the snow . the memory begin to haunt he . 82 ext . charlie' STREET - night ( flashback ) 82 7 year old Charlie wave goodbye to aunt helen as she drive away through the landing strip for Santa Claus . 83 ext . charlie' STREET - night ( present ) 83 16 year old Charlie blink . the memory come faster . 84 int . aunt helen be car - night ( flashback ) 84 aunt helen drive past a tall snow drift . she look down at the 45 of the Beatles in the seat next to she . she smile at Charlie 's birthday present . then , she look up as the headlight of the semi truck smash the window with a crash ! 85 int . charlie' house - night ( flashback ) 85 Charlie 's mother open the door , revealing a policeman . he turn to Charlie in he party hat . 7 year old and confuse . 86 ext . charlie' STREET - night ( present ) 86 16 year old Charlie lay on the snow , shiver , as the image go high above to reveal he 's make a snow angel . 87 int . hospital room - afternoon 87 the emergency room be bustling on New Year 's Day . Charlie look up as the police , doctor , and he parent tower over he . he be terrify and do what any kid would do . he lie he ass off . policeman do you older friend pressure you ? charlie no one pressured I into anything . I would never do drug , officer . never . policeman then , how do you happen to be pass out on the ground at 6 in the morning ? 51 . charlie well , um ... I be really tired , and uh ... I be feel feverish . so , I go outside for a walk , just to get some cold air . and I start see thing . so , I pass out . he wait to see if this work . and then , unexpectedly ... mother ( worried ) you be see thing again , Charlie ? charlie ( oop ) not , uh ... not really . 88 ext . mill grove high school - parking lot - morning 88 the tire squish the grey slush puddle as the buss pull into the dreary parking lot . School be back in session . 89 int . hallway - morning 89 Charlie shake off the cold , then take off he overcoat to reveal ... he 's wear he suit from secret Santa . all the kid stare . Charlie realize he make a terrible mistake . charlie it be a Christmas present . 90 int . bill classroom - morning 90 Charlie sit as Bill hand out the book for the semester ... the great gatsby . as the kid chatter , Bill give Charlie he own book to start the year ... the Stranger . charlie do you have fun on you break ? bill more fun than you be go to have today , Sinatra . Bill pat he shoulder and move on . the smart ass freshman look at Charlie and whisper . smart ass freshman Nice look , jag off . 91 ext . dormont hollywood movie theater - night 91 the Rocky horror faithful enter the theater . 52 . SAM ( o.s. ) I call he 30 time . 92 int . dormont hollywood movie theater - GREEN room - night 92 Mary Elizabeth and the kid get ready for the floor show . mary elizabeth well what be we suppose to do ? we be go on in 10 minute ! the phone ring . Mary Elizabeth pick up . Charlie turn to Brad , sit next to he . Charlie be freaking out . charlie but they say in health class -- brad hay they say that about lsd to scare you . charlie be you sure ? brad hay Charlie , you be fine , man . Mary Elizabeth hang up the phone , frustrated . mary elizabeth guy , we have a emergency . Craig flake out on we again . I need a Rocky . Brad ? brad hay ( scared ) no way . there be people out here . the group be deflate . they all start think . after a beat , Mary Elizabeth look at Charlie . mary elizabeth Charlie ... take off you clothes . 93 int . dormont hollywood movie theater - later 93 you know that dream you have when you be stand in front of 200 people in you underwear ? well , this be no dream . we hear a heart beat as Charlie dance out of the Rocky gauze and find himself stand in tight gold underwear , look out at 200 people , cheer he on . his friend can not stop smile . especially Mary Elizabeth , who watch Charlie 's little butt in the gold undy . she 53. 94 int . dormont hollywood movie theater - later 94 " touch -a , touch -a , touch I " be in full swing . Sam slink over to Charlie dress in she white bra and slip . SAM ( as Janet ) so if anything grow while you pose . I will oil you up and drop you down . and that 's just one small fraction of the main attraction . you need a friendly hand . and I need action ! Sam grab Charlie 's hand and rub they all over she chest . SAM ( cont 'd ) ah ! touch a touch a touch I ! I wanna be dirty ! thrill I . chill I . fulfill I ! creature of the night ! the song continue . we see flash of the night 's performance as Charlie go from train wreck to triumph . Charlie join Sam in the kick line , and it feel like it 's just the two of they . on the final beat , Sam gasp ... SAM ( cont 'd ) creature of the night ! the song end . the cast bow . Sam and Patrick push Charlie in front for he own curtain call . everyone cheer . it 's the night he will never forget . 95 ext . dormont hollywood movie theater - night 95 the wind whip . that brace February cold . Charlie help Mary Elizabeth carry the costume outside to she car . charlie maybe I could join the cast as a alternate or something ? mary elizabeth we be fill up now , but they will need people after we leave for college . I could put in a good word for you . charlie that would be great . thanks . they put the box in she trunk . snap it close . we can not help but notice the " keep you law off my body " bumper sticker as Mary Elizabeth try she best to flirt . 54 . mary elizabeth Charlie ... have you hear of the sadie hawkins dance ? charlie the one where the girl ask the guy . mary elizabeth yeah . well , obviously , it 's completely stupid and sexist . it 's like , " hey , thanks for the crumb . " and normally , I would just blow it off because school dance suck torture . but , you know , it 's my last year , and ... would you maybe want to go with I ? charlie you want to go with I ? mary elizabeth I be sick of macho guy . and you look really cute in you costume . so , what do you say ? Charlie think and think and ... 96 int . charlie' house - dusk 96 ding do . Charlie 's mom open the door for mary elizabeth . Charlie straighten out he church suit . so nervous . mother you must be Mary Elizabeth . it 's so good to meet you . mary elizabeth you , too , Mrs. kelmeckis . father ( shit eat grin ) Charlie tell I you be a Buddhist . 97 int . charlie' house - fireplace - dusk 97 Charlie and Mary Elizabeth stand next to candace and derek . father ok , a little closer together . that look nice . Buddhist , I need you to smile a little bit more . there you go . Nice . cheese ! White flash . the picture of 4 kid . smiling big . 55 . 98 int . mill grove high school - gymnasium - night 98 Charlie and Mary Elizabeth slow dance to a 80' love song . sweaty palm . awkward . hand on hip . horror . Charlie look around the gym . he see Alice dance with she date , a effeminate goth kid ( 17 ) . we will never meet he , but he will make we laugh once . Charlie then watch Patrick dance with Sam . he follow Patrick 's gaze across the floor to Brad , who dance with a senior girl ( 18 ) . Charlie see the boy look at each other . for one moment , it 's like they be dance together . 99 int . mill grove high school - gymnasium - later 99 Mary Elizabeth be at the punch bowl with the gang . Charlie see Sam , stand by the wall , look sad . he approach . charlie be you have a good time ? SAM not really . how about you ? charlie I do not know . this be my first date , so I do not know what to compare it to . SAM do not worry . you be do fine . Charlie join she at the wall . Mary Elizabeth give they a quick , jealous look . charlie I be sorry Craig do not come . SAM yeah . he say he do not want to go to some stupid high school dance . can not say I blame he . charlie I do not know . if you like it , he should come . SAM thanks , Charlie . have a beautiful first date . you deserve it . charlie I will try not to make you too jealous . 56 . he say it to cheer she up . Sam force a smile and leave . 100 int . mary elizabeth' den / live room - night 100 Mary Elizabeth approach Charlie on the antique sofa . she uncork a bottle of wine . pop ! she hand he the bottle . mary elizabeth mmmm . now , let it breathe . Mary Elizabeth walk over to the vintage turntable . she turn on the gas fireplace with a remote control . roar ! charlie this be sure a nice house . mary elizabeth thanks . Mary Elizabeth drop the needle on a vinyl lp . a doo wop make - out classic begin to play . she dance over to Charlie . mary elizabeth ( cont 'd ) mmmm . do not you just love old music ? ( off he nod ) good . because I make you a mix of it . I would love to expose you to great thing . like billie holiday and foreign film . she pour the wine . Charlie look at the bottle . charlie this merlot be really fancy . mary elizabeth yeah . my dad collect wine , but he do not drink . that 's weird , be not it ? charlie I guess . where be you parent ? mary elizabeth they club be host a cotillion or something racist . they will be go all night . Mary Elizabeth drop she necklace with a thud . Charlie look around . heart beat . charlie that 's sure a nice fire . 57 . mary elizabeth yeah . after I be do be a lobbyist , I want to move to a house like this in cape cod . that sound nice , do not it ? charlie yeah . she reach out and touch he chest . mary elizabeth you heart be beat really fast . charlie be it ? mary elizabeth here , feel . she put she hand on he . move it to he chest . mary elizabeth ( cont 'd ) Charlie ? charlie uh-huh ? mary elizabeth do you like I ? charlie uh-huh . mary elizabeth you know what I mean . charlie I think so . mary elizabeth do not be nervous . she slowly move he hand to she dress strap . it fall off she shoulder . she lean in for a red wine kiss . she guide he hand over she bra . he feel she breast . wow . match CUT to : 101 int . mary elizabeth' basement - fantasy 101 for a quick moment , Charlie imagine he be kissing Sam . Broken by ... 58 . 102 int . mary elizabeth' basement - moment later 102 Mary Elizabeth move he hand away . Charlie blink , take a moment to realize Sam 's not the one in the room . the song be over . the needle turn at the end of the record . mary elizabeth Charlie ... she give he one last kiss . content , she lay down on he lap . peaceful . mary elizabeth ( cont 'd ) I do not know how it be go to go tonight , but it be really nice , huh ? charlie yeah . mary elizabeth I can not believe it . you of all people . I just can not believe you be my boyfriend . we land on Charlie 's face . " what ? " and then , we hear the garage door OPEN . mary elizabeth ( cont 'd ) oh , shit ! my parent ! the mad scramble for clothes begin . CUT to : 103 ext . charlie' house - night 103 Mary Elizabeth 's car pull in front of Charlie 's house . Charlie get out . wanting to say he 's not she boyfriend . not know how . Mary Elizabeth smile . smitten . mary elizabeth see you Monday . with that , she back out of the driveway . we see he from the back of she car , get smaller and smaller . his stomach already fill with acid . charlie ( v.o. ) dear friend ... I be sorry I have not write for awhile , but thing be a total disaster . 59 . 104 int . cafeteria - lunch 104 Sam , Patrick , and Alice be seat around the table . Mary Elizabeth have she arm around Charlie . smother he . mary elizabeth we be literally make out , and I be in my bra . hello ! and the front door open . it 's my parent ! I be scramble to get my dress on . it be crazy . right , babe ? Charlie nod , torture . charlie ( v.o. ) I probably should have be honest about how I do not want to go out with Mary Elizabeth after sadie 's , but I really do not want to hurt she feeling . 105 ext . mill grove high school parking lot - morning 105 ash Wednesday . Charlie get out of the school bus to immediately find Mary Elizabeth wait for he . she see the cross of ash on he forehead . she think he ash be a smudge . she clean it . charlie ( v.o. ) you see , Mary Elizabeth be a really nice person underneath the part of she that hate everyone . and since I hear that have a girlfriend make you happy , I try hard to love she like I love Sam . mary elizabeth can you believe it 's almost we two week anniversary ? charlie I know . 106 ext . dormont hollywood movie theater - night 106 a double date . Craig and Sam buy the ticket to see the silent classic , the cabinet of Dr. caligari . charlie ( v.o. ) so , I take she on double date . mary elizabeth ( proud ) you first foreign film . charlie 60 . mary elizabeth vegan do not eat butter . Charlie try not to feel Mary Elizabeth 's sweaty hand . charlie ( v.o. ) and I try not to mind that she love to hold hand even when she hand be sweaty . 107 int . mary elizabeth' den / live room - night 107 just like sadie 's except ... the fire in the fireplace be out . we move from the fireplace to Charlie , touch Mary Elizabeth 's breast over she sweater . charlie ( v.o. ) and I have to admit something really upsetting . but I be tired of touch she boob . I think maybe if she would just let I pick the make - out music once in awhile , we might have a chance . Charlie look at the Ani difranco mix on the stereo . sigh . 108 int . cafeteria - lunch 108 the gang be there . walden rest on Charlie 's lunch tray . charlie ( v.o. ) and maybe if she do not put down the book that Mr. Anderson give I . mary elizabeth walden ? I read it in 7th grade . I would have call it " on bore Pond . " 109 int . charlie' bedroom - afternoon 109 Ring ! Charlie grab the cordless . he look at Patrick 's clock . 3:13 pm . his voice can no longer hide he quiet rage . charlie ( v.o. ) or if she would stop call I the minute I get home from school when I have absolutely nothing to talk about other than the bus ride home ... mary elizabeth ( v.o. ) that dairy just sit with you . it walk with you . Charlie calmly put down the phone and leave the room . we 61 . 110 int . charlie' kitchen - moment later 110 Charlie be so miserable . his mom be sympathetic . mother she 's on the phone right now ? Charlie , you have to break up with she . charlie I can do that ? Charlie 's father lean back from the sofa and he newspaper . father for Christ 's sake ... I need to use the phone ! 111 int . charlie' bedroom - moment later 111 he return . Mary Elizabeth be still talk on the cordless . mary elizabeth ( v.o. ) I will give you this book . it 's really how I become a vegan -- charlie ( v.o. ) I know I should have be honest , but I be get so mad , it be start to scare I . he look back at the clock . 3:23pm . charlie ( cont 'd ) um ... Mary Elizabeth . can I talk to you -- mary elizabeth ( v.o. ) Charlie . please , do not interrupt . you know I hate that . Charlie go to he quiet place . tick . tick . tick . charlie ( v.o. ) I just wish I could have find another way to break up . in hindsight , I probably could not have pick a worse way to be honest with Mary Elizabeth . 112 int . craig' loft apartment - night 112 Truth or dare . the gang be seat in a circle , drink from plastic cup . Charlie sit between Mary Elizabeth and Sam . bob 62 . patrick who be you talk to ? bob I dare you to kiss Alice . patrick ( lick he lip ) get ready , breeder . as Patrick approach a apprehensive Alice ... craig Mary Elizabeth ? samantha tell I that you get into Harvard . congratulation . mary elizabeth thank you . ( be : Charlie ) this one still have not get I flower . ( to Charlie ) but I forgive you . she kiss he . Charlie bite he cheek . Sam look a little depressed . craig ( to Sam ) do not worry about Penn State . you be just wait-list . patrick Excuse I , everyone , but you be miss some hot " fag on goth " action . anticipation . Patrick be get ready to plant the biggest kiss on Alice when she jump he . everyone groan . ew ! laughter . Patrick look for the next person . Charlie 's heart pound . do not pick I ! please ! patrick ( cont 'd ) okay . my turn . um ... let 's think ... Charlie ... truth or dare ? silence . think . finally ... charlie Truth . patrick how be you first relationship go ? 63. charlie it 's so bad that I keep fantasize that one of we be die of cancer , so I do not have to break up with she . patrick Charlie ? Truth or dare ? Charlie blink . it be all fantasy . charlie dare . patrick I dare you to kiss the prettiest girl in the room on the lip . notice I charitably say girl and not person because let 's face it ... I would smoke all you bitch . Alice hit he . laughter . Charlie think . he look at Mary Elizabeth , then turn to Sam . before Sam can even react ... Charlie plant a kiss right on she lip . when he open he eye , he look around , and realize the magnitude of he mistake . everyone stare . after a horrible silence ... patrick ( cont 'd ) now that 's fuck up . without a word , Mary Elizabeth just stand , dignify , and go into the kitchen . charlie Mary Elizabeth , I be sorry . I be -- Alice follow Mary Elizabeth . Sam be close behind . charlie ( cont 'd ) Sam ?! Sam ! I be sorry . I do not mean anything by it . I be sorry . Sam turn and look at he . she do not even recognize he . SAM what the hell be wrong with you ? Charlie be devastate . 113 ext . bob be house - night 113 they move to the driveway . Charlie feel awful . panicky . charlie 64 . patrick trust I . you do not want to go back there . charlie but , I ... I be sorry ... I do not mean to do anything . patrick I know you do not , but look ... I hate to be the one to break this , but there 's history with Mary Elizabeth and Sam . other guy . thing that have nothing to do with you . but ... it 's best if you stay away for awhile . charlie ( crush ) oh. okay . how long do you think ? silence . Charlie look over at Patrick , who wear a grave expression . it 's go to be a long time . we hear the sound of the typewriter . 114 int . charlie' bedroom - morning 114 Charlie sit at he desk . it look like he 's barely sleep . he begin type . the key up close and loud . clak . close up typing : " dear friend , I have not see my friend for 2 week now . I be start to get bad again . " Charlie stare at the typewriter . and remember . smash CUT to : 115 int . charlie' kitchen - night ( flashback ) 115 Little Charlie pop he head around the corner from the hallway . he look at something we can not see yet . back to : 116 int . charlie' bedroom - morning ( present ) 116 present . knock . knock . Charlie 's mom open the door . mother we be go to be late for Easter mass . charlie I will ... I will be there in a minute . 65 . Charlie force a smile , then look back at the typewriter . and try to shake off the memory . smash CUT to : 117 int . charlie' kitchen - night ( flashback ) 117 Little Charlie look at aunt helen as she smoke she cigarette and sob . back to : 118 int . ST . thomas more church - morning 118 Charlie be lose . his family sit in the pews for Easter mass . Charlie watch the priest recite the Lord 's prayer . priest we Father who art in Heaven . hallow be thy name . thy kingdom come -- match CUT to : 119 int . ST . thomas more church - morning ( flashback ) 119 7 year old Charlie watch the priest recite the Lord 's prayer . he look at aunt helen 's picture on the coffin . priest thy will be do on earth as it be in Heaven . give we this day we daily bread . match CUT to : 120 int . ST . thomas more church - morning ( present ) 120 16 year old Charlie look haunt by the memory . priest and forgive we we trespasp as we forgive that who trespass against we -- the voice drift away and all Charlie can see be ... CUT to : 121 int . charlie' kitchen - night ( flashback ) 121 7 year old Charlie take aunt helen 's hand to make she stop cry . CUT to : 66 . 122 int . ST . thomas more church - morning ( present ) 122 16 year old Charlie blink as the voice come back . priest and lead we not into temptation . but deliver we from -- smash CUT to : 123 int . charlie' bedroom - night 123 Charlie on the phone . his voice waver a bit . desperate . charlie ( v.o. ) Mary Elizabeth ... I ... uh ... I have be listen to the billie holiday CD every night and -- mary elizabeth ( v.o. ) it 's too late , Charlie . charlie I know . I just feel really bad about what I do . I just get so mess up inside like I be - not there or something . mary elizabeth ( v.o. ) tell it to someone who care . charlie I know . I be sorry . I just . we have all become such good friend -- mary elizabeth ( v.o. ) good friend ? you mean the people I have know since kindergarten that you have know for 6 month ? that good friend ? charlie oh. yeah . I mean I do not want to do anything to ruin we -- mary elizabeth ( v.o. ) it 's ruin . okay ? so , stop call everyone . stop embarrassing yourself . charlie okay . I will . Goodbye , Mar -- dial tone . Charlie hang up the phone . 67 . 124 int . bob be basement - night 124 Charlie be terribly anxious . he watch Bob groom some pot . charlie something 's wrong with I -- bob do not worry about it . hey ... you hear from Patrick ? charlie no . he tell I to stay away . bob oh ... you do not know ? charlie ( concerned ) why ? why ? what happen ? bob Brad 's father catch they together . 125 int . mill grove high school - hallway - morning 125 as kid open locker and move to morning period , Charlie stare at Brad . he have a black eye and cut on he face . he look like he be beat up badly . student whisper gossip . gossip whisper ( o.s. ) " some lebo kid jump he outside the o . " " it be some kid from North Hills . " " that 's not what I hear . " Brad move into the arm of charlotte ( 18 ) , cheerleader cute . as Brad kiss she , Charlie see Patrick down the hall , watch they . Patrick close he locker . hurting . charlie be you okay ? patrick not now , Charlie . I be sorry . Patrick storm off . 126 int . cafeteria - lunch 126 Charlie sit at he table , alone . he watch Patrick leave the lunch line , pass a chorus of ... twin senior girl 68 . Patrick say nothing . he 's too sad to fight the mob today . he just move to he table when the nose tackle stick out he leg . Patrick fall on he tray . the kid laugh . nose tackle oops . sorry , nothing . Patrick smile to himself , dust off , and turn to Brad . patrick you go to do something ? brad hay what be you talk about ? patrick you pet ape just trip I . be you go to say something ? brad hay why would I ? patrick you know why . it 's too far . Brad can feel people stare . brad hay this be pathetic , man . you fixation on I . Brad 's friend laugh . Patrick 's eye narrow . patrick do you want you friend to know how you get that bruise ? really ? brad hay I get jump in a parking lot . patrick where ? in schenley Park ? do they know about schenley Park ? ( to Brad 's friend ) do you guy know about schenley Park ? Brad stand and get right in Patrick 's face . brad hay I do not know what kind of sick shit you be try to pull . ( real warning ) but you better walk away now ... nothing . 69 . patrick Fine . say hi to you dad for I . Patrick turn and leave . and then , as a afterthought ... brad hay whatever ... faggot . Brad 's friend laugh . Patrick stop and turn . last chance . patrick what do you call I ? brad hay I call you a faggo -- smack . before Brad can even finish , Patrick throw a vicious right to the cheek . Brad tackle he . and the two start fight . the cafeteria erupt in noise . patrick say that shit again ! say that shit again ! Brad 's football buddy rise and peel Patrick off Brad . Mary Elizabeth and Sam jump up from they corner table . mary elizabeth it 's Patrick ! the cafeteria get louder . the nose tackle hold Patrick up . more noise . the linebacker hit Patrick in the face . SAM no ! no ! Sam rush up and the nose tackle push she down . she land on she tail bone . thud . Patrick get hit a couple of time in the face . the kid cheer the fight . it 's get louder and louder with more and more noise . and then ... smash CUT to : silence . Charlie come out from a blink . he calmly look around . for a moment , he do not understand where he be . he look up . all the kid be stare at he . Mary Elizabeth . Alice . Brad . they be all quiet . afraid of he . Charlie look at he hand , clench in a fist . it be already cover with ... 70 . Charlie 's confuse until he see the linebacker hold he break , bloody nose . he 's look at Charlie ... terrify . the image pan over . the nose tackle be on the ground . Charlie stand over they . he be disconnect . it 's a out of body experience . he reach out and help Patrick to he foot . then , he calmly turn and stare right through Brad . charlie ( icy calm ) if you touch my friend again , I will blind you . Brad be stunne . so be everyone ... except Sam . 127 int . principal be office - afternoon 127 Charlie sit in the wait room of the principal 's office . he look through the glass where principal small talk to Brad . after a beat , she pat Brad 's shoulder and open the door . leave Charlie and Brad alone in the wait room . just as Brad be about to leave ... brad hay Charlie ? charlie yeah ? brad hay thanks for stop they . charlie sure , Brad . Brad do not look at he . he just move on . 128 ext . mill grove high school - parking lot - afternoon 128 Charlie exit the building . kid stare at he . then , look away . Charlie feel very lose until he see ... Sam . she smile . it bring he back instantly . and then , gently ... SAM how you do , Charlie ? charlie I do not know . I keep try , but ... I can not really remember what I do . Sam can see he 's afraid of himself . she nod , sympathetic . 71 . SAM do you want I to tell you ? charlie ( scared ) yeah . SAM you save my brother . that 's what you do . charlie so , you be not scared of I ? SAM no . charlie and can we be friend again ? SAM of course . the minute she hug he , the numb go away . she kiss the top of he head and put she arm around he shoulder . they begin walk away . SAM ( cont 'd ) come on . let 's go be psychos together . 129 int . patrick and sam' house - kitchen - night 129 Mary Elizabeth look at we because she want we to know ... mary elizabeth I be dating Peter now . she motion to peter . College . glass . good looking-ish . mary elizabeth ( cont 'd ) he 's in college with Craig . he 's opinionate , and we have intellectual debate . you be very sweet , but we relationship be too one-side . I know this be hard for you . charlie I be just glad you be happy . mary elizabeth okay . Mary Elizabeth join Peter . Charlie look at he friend . 72 . that say , " they forget . I do not . " after a beat , Patrick come downstairs . he look sad with he bruise . patrick hey Craig , Sam will be down soon . mary elizabeth we be go to miss the movie . craig yeah , I will go put some pep in she step . as Craig move upstairs , Patrick approach Charlie . patrick hey ... you wanna get out of here ? charlie sure , Patrick . 130 ext . west end overlook - night 130 Patrick drive Sam 's truck up the hill to the overlook . patrick ( v.o. ) I will tell you something , Charlie . I feel good . you know what I mean ? maybe tomorrow I will take you to this karaoke place downtown . and this club off the strip . they do not card . and the schenley Park scene . you gotta see the " fruit loop " at least one time . 131 ext . west end overlook - night 131 Charlie and Patrick walk the light path , howling at the moon . Patrick hold a thermos , fill with who know what . patrick oh , my God . my life be officially a after school special . Son of a bitch ! charlie ( laugh ) it kind of be . it so be . more laughter . they arrive at the lookout . they drink . patrick so , you ever hear the one about lily Miller ? charlie I do not know . 73. patrick really ? I think you brother would have tell you . it 's a classic . charlie maybe . patrick so , lily come here with this guy parker . and this be go to be the night they be go to lose they virginity . so , she do it really proper . she pack a picnic . stole a bottle of wine . everything be perfect , and they be just about to ' do it ' when they realize they forget the condom . so , what do you think happen ? charlie I do not know . patrick they do it with one of the sandwich bag . they start laugh and scream . charlie ew ! that 's disgusting ! patrick yes ! it be ! let 's keep the train roll . suburban legend . Charlie ! Patrick point to Charlie , who think ... charlie uh. well ... there be this girl name second base stace . she have boob in the 4th grade -- patrick mosquito bite . promise . go. charlie and she let some of the boy feel they . patrick that 's you suburban legend ? do you at least cop a feel ? charlie no . 74 . patrick of course not . you go home , listen to " asleep , " write a poem about she self - esteem -- charlie Fine ! okay . you turn . Patrick walk over and sit down next to Charlie . patrick yeah , I have get one . well , there be this one guy . queer as a 3 dollar bill . guy 's father do not know about he son . so , he come down into the basement one night when he 's suppose to be out of town . catch he son with another boy . so , he start beat he . but not like the slap kind . like the real kind . and the boyfriend say , " stop . you be kill he . " and the son just yell " get out . " and eventually the boyfriend just do . Patrick stop . grip by sad . he can not shake . patrick ( cont 'd ) why can not you save anybody ? charlie I do not know . patrick forget it . I be free now , right ? I could meet the love of my life any second now . thing will be different now , and that 's good . I just need to meet a good guy . charlie yeah . Patrick look at he . Charlie have never see he so vulnerable . after a beat ... Patrick kiss Charlie on the mouth . unsure of what to do , Charlie let it happen . his eye open the whole time . a moment , then Patrick look at Charlie . he collapse into he chest . patrick I be sorry . charlie it 's alright . 75 . Charlie hold he friend as Patrick begin to cry . and we leave they , the city light small in the distance . 132 ext . CITY highway - night 132 we see the truck glide down the highway . charlie ( v.o. ) I have be spend a lot of time with Patrick . he begin every night really excited . 133 ext . schenley park - night 133 Patrick and Charlie be park at the entrance of schenley Park . Patrick speak , very animated , until ... charlie ( v.o. ) he always say he feel free , and tonight be he destiny . but after awhile , he run out of thing to keep himself numb . ... the word leave he , and we can see how sad he really be . 134 int . SAM and patrick house - moment later 134 Patrick hand Sam a envelope . Sam hold it . pin and needle . charlie ( v.o. ) then , Sam get she letter from Penn State . Sam open the letter . she read . tear instantly well up in she eye . she leave the room and walk down the hall . Patrick pick up the letter . patrick ( read ) " we will require you to take we summer session at the main campus immediately follow you high school graduation . " ( off Charlie 's look ) she get in , Charlie . Charlie turn back to Sam . she hold he with sweet relief and redemption . 135 int . cafeteria - day 135 Charlie laugh with he friend in the cafeteria . charlie ( v.o. ) after that all Patrick could talk about 76 . charlie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) do get into nyu Film School . Patrick be go to the University of Washington because he want to be near the music in Seattle . 136 int . shop CLASS - day 136 Charlie and a group of student stand , look up at the wall , which be cover with ... charlie ( v.o. ) but he be not go to leave without organize the best senior prank ever . ... all the shop tool paint pink the shop teacher , Mr. callahan stare at the wall , furious . as the student gawk , Charlie smile to himself . 137 int . cafeteria - lunch 137 Sam and the girl chat excitedly . summer be almost here . charlie ( v.o. ) Sam be go to leave right after graduation . it all feel very exciting ; I just wish it be happen to I . 138 int . charlie' bedroom - day 138 Charlie sit on he bed , finish the letter . charlie especially because ever since I black out in the cafeteria , it 's be get worse . and I can not turn it off this time . Charlie put down the letter . 139 int . bill classroom - morning 139 the kid pass they copy of the great gatsby up to the front , where Bill collect they for next year 's freshmen . the class be buzzing loud . bill guy , you want to pass you copy of gatsby up to the front please ? and I know it 's the last day , but if we could just keep it to a dull roar , I would appreciate it . the class quiet down . 77 . bill ( cont 'd ) thank you for such a great year . I have a blast . I hope you do , too . and I hope you have a great time this summer on you vacation . now , who here be go to be read for pleasure this summer ? Charlie look to see if anyone be watch ... then , decide to raise he hand anyway . Bill be proud . bill ( cont 'd ) very good , Charlie . who else ? Charlie look at the smart ass freshman who torment he all year . she sigh . nothing leave to say to he . 140 int . bill classroom - later 140 the last kid exit the classroom . Charlie walk down the aisle and stand in front of Bill . bill last day . charlie yeah . so , uh , I know it 's none of my business , but have you decide ... be you go to New York ? bill well , my wife and I like it here , and I think I might be better at teach than write . Charlie be relieved . Bill be stay . bill ( cont 'd ) so , uh Charlie ... I be think maybe I could still give you book next year . charlie yeah . yeah . bill I think you could write one of they one day . charlie ( fragile belief ) really ? bill I do . 78 . Charlie be quiet . then ... charlie you be the best teacher I ever have . bill thank you . he give Bill a shy sideways hug . the two man say nothing else . Charlie wave and leave . Bill smile to himself . 141 int . mill grove high school - hallway - afternoon 141 Times Square have nothing on this senior . Charlie watch the gang on they last day of high school . when the clock hit 10 second to 3 pm , all the student chant ... SAM &amp ; company 10-9-8-7-6-5-4-3-2... student ( o.s. ) oh , my God , get I the hell out of here ! all 1 ! they all cheer and hug each other . Patrick lose he mind with joy and charge down the hallway . smash CUT to : 142 ext . mill grove football stadium - sunset 142 a brilliant sunset . we see the gang . in silhouette . running up the bleacher after the sun . charlie ( v.o. ) dear friend ... I want to tell you about we run . there be this beautiful sunset . and just a few hour before , everyone I love have they last day of high school ever . and I be happy because they be happy , even though I count , and I have 1,095 day to go . 143 int . charlie' house - fireplace - late afternoon 143 prom night . Charlie see candace pose for dad 's camera . for a moment , we think candace go to prom with derek . charlie ( v.o. ) I keep think about what school be go to be like without they as they 79 . as mom and dad move out of the way , we realize candace be stand with she 3 best girlfriend . they look beautiful . charlie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) my sister finally decide to break up with derek and go stag with she girlfriend instead . 144 ext . SAM and patrick house - sunset 144 prom night continue . the antique limo be so garish , it 's great . Charlie snap picture with Sam 's mom and Patrick 's dad . Mary Elizabeth be with she boyfriend , Peter . Alice stand with Patrick , dash in he mod suit tux . charlie ( v.o. ) and then there be Sam ... the image move to the front of the house , where Sam emerge . she wear a vintage flapper dress from the 20' . radiant . charlie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I have look at she picture since that night . I like to see how happy she be before she know . Sam join Craig . they kiss for the camera , then run with the rest of the gang to the limosine . charlie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) they be in a hotel suite after prom when the truth come out ... the gang pose for more picture in front of the limo . charlie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) basically , Craig have be cheating on Sam the whole time . when I hear that , I keep think about the happy girl in this picture . because she do not have 1,095 day to go . 145 ext . parking lot - afternoon 145 graduation Day . the place be pack with graduate senior and family . Charlie 's mom and dad fawn over candace with the video camera . Charlie finally find ... Sam . charlie ( v.o. ) she make it . this be she time . and no one should be able to take that away . they approach each other and hug . 80 . charlie ( cont 'd ) congratulation . patrick oh , Charlie 's here ! guy , group photo ! we should all take a group photo . get against the railing and try to look suave ! the kid line up for the picture they will always remember . patrick ( cont 'd ) yeah , this be the one . that 's go to be a great angle . Patrick bow to reveal the top of he cap read , " nothing hate you . " the parent line up camera . " cheese ! " snap . smash CUT to : 146 int . SAM and patrick kitchen / live room - night 146 the grandfather clock read 9:30 pm . the room be festive under streamer wishing Sam luck at Penn State . the kid sign each other 's yearbook . Charlie see Sam smile at old photo . he miss she already . charlie ( v.o. ) at she go away party , I want she to know about that night we go through the tunnel . and how for the first time , I feel like I belong somewhere . CUT to : 147 int . SAM and patrick kitchen / live room - later 147 10:28 pm . Charlie do not know where the time keep go . Sam open goodbye present from she friend . charlie ( v.o. ) and tomorrow , she 's leave . so , I want to give she a part of I . Charlie watch Sam pick up he present . she carefully peel the tape to reveal that Charlie give she all of he book . SAM be this all you book , Charlie ? he nod . they lock eye and do not speak . 81 . 148 int . sam' bedroom - night 148 the picture be down . the dresser empty . the suitcase be open on the bed . Charlie watch Sam fold clothes and put they in she suitcase . he have promise himself he will not cry . even when she pack away he Beatles 45 of " something . " instead , he look at she and try to remember every detail . her hair and brown eye and sound of she voice . SAM thanks for stay up with I . charlie sure . my brother say Penn State have a restaurant call ye olde College diner . you have to get a grill stickie on you first night . it 's a tradition . SAM that sound like fun . charlie yeah . pretty soon , you will have a whole new group of friend , and you will not even think about this place anymore . SAM yes , I will . Sam move some suitcase over to the pile in the room . they stand next to each other . Close . SAM ( cont 'd ) I have lunch with Craig today . charlie yeah ? SAM he say he be sorry , and that I be right to break up with he . but I be drive away , and I just feel so small . just ask myself why do I and everyone I love pick people who treat we like we be nothing ? charlie we accept the love we think we deserve . he say it sober . without judgement . Sam let it sink in . Charlie walk over to the bed to do more pack . then , she turn to he . 82. SAM then , why do not you ever ask I out ? Charlie do not expect that . he be silent . heart pound . charlie I , uh , I just do not think you want that . SAM well , what do you want ? charlie I just want you to be happy . SAM do not you get it , Charlie ? I can not feel that . it 's really sweet and everything , but you can not just sit there and put everybody 's life ahead of yours and think that count as love . I do not want to be somebody 's crush . I want people to like the real I . charlie I know who you be , Sam . Sam wait . and Charlie finally speak from the heart . charlie ( cont 'd ) I know I be quiet , and I know I should speak more , but if you know the thing that be in my head most of the time , you would know what it really mean . how much we be alike . and how we have be through the same thing . and you be not small . you be beautiful . he can not contain himself anymore . he move to she and kiss she . they stand . move to the bed . kiss . Charlie 's heart pound . they sit on the bed . still kissing . we see she fingertip . her hand on Charlie 's knee . when she touch he , Charlie pull away from she . shock . like he 's see a ghost . it hit Charlie like freezing water . SAM what 's wrong , Charlie ? charlie oh , ah ... nothing . Charlie shake off whatever be bother he and continue 83. 149 ext . SAM and patrick house - morning 149 it 's like a dream for Charlie . he watch Sam hug Alice and Mary Elizabeth goodbye . but Charlie be somewhere else . SAM I will call all the time . mary elizabeth promise . SAM and we will all see each other in New York . sam' mom come on , Sam . Charlie can not take it . he move to the side of the truck and put in the last suitcase . he look over at Sam . smash CUT to : 150 int . sam' bedroom - night 150 quick flash ... Charlie remember kissing Sam the night before . her hand touch Charlie 's knee . back to present : 151 ext . SAM and patrick house - morning 151 Charlie snap himself out of it . he turn back as Mary Elizabeth and Alice part way . Charlie lock eye with Sam . they take a moment . and then they come together to hug . she kiss he goodbye , try not to cry . after a moment , Sam climb into the driver 's seat of she truck with Patrick riding shotgun . Charlie look daze . smash CUT to : 152 int . sam' bedroom - night 152 quick flash ... Charlie remember pull away from Sam . shock . like he 's see a ghost . SAM what 's wrong , Charlie ? back to present : 84 . 153 ext . SAM and patrick house - morning 153 Sam start the truck . Charlie want to scream for she to stop . but he 's freeze . she drive away . he watch she go . the truck get smaller in the distance until it turn at the stop sign . and disappear . Charlie stand there , alone . smash CUT to : 154 int . sam' bedroom - night 154 quick flash ... Charlie remember the night with Sam . we see she put she hand on he knee . the image move up the arm . to the shoulder . to the face . and we reveal , we be not in Sam 's bedroom . and it be not Sam touch Charlie . but ... aunt helen aunt helen do not wake you sister . back to reality : 155 ext . SAM and patrick house - morning 155 the memory only register as a small blink of he eye . Charlie see he friend be cry . he 's not . he 's numb . 156 ext . suburban STREET - morning 156 Charlie walk down the street . his eye far away . the image and memory be short , violent burst . if you have never have a anxiety attack , this be how it feel . 157 ext . charlie' STREET - night ( flashback ) 157 quick flash . it 's Christmas Eve . aunt helen smile to Little Charlie . aunt helen it will be we little secret , okay ? Little Charlie nod . 158 ext . suburban STREET - morning ( present ) 158 back to present . Charlie walk toward we on the sidewalk . we see he through a long lens . his image fracture . we see he in different plane of the image . he 's beginning to break apart . one image . two image . 85 . 159 int . charlie' live room - night ( flashback ) 159 quick flash . Little candace be asleep on the floor . aunt helen sit next to Little Charlie on the sofa . aunt helen look , Charlie . she 's fast asleep . 160 ext . suburban STREET - morning ( present ) 160 back to present . we see Charlie fracture . the piece scattered . out of focus . lose . he 's all over the frame . 161 int . charlie' live room - night ( flashback ) 161 quick flash . aunt helen point to Little candace . aunt helen do not wake you sister . 162 int . charlie' house - day ( present ) 162 back to present . Charlie enter he house . smash CUT to : 163 int . aunt helen be car - night ( flashback ) 163 quick flash . aunt helen get hit by the semi-truck . 164 int . entry hall - night ( flashback ) 164 quick flash . Little Charlie 's mom open the door to reveal a policeman . 165 int . charlie' house - day ( present ) 165 back to present . Charlie be in the same entry hall in the same house 8 year later . bang he head against the wall . " it 's my fault . it 's all my fault . " he pass the photo wall on the stair . we see the image of the family . Church . Communion . baby picture . year of history stare at we . ghost on the wall . 166 int . charlie' bedroom - day ( present ) 166 back to present . Charlie sit at he desk . we see he from behind . perfectly still . try to keep himself calm . charlie stop cry . 86 . 167 int . various location - day ( flashback ) 167 quick flash . Charlie think everyone be stare at he . his sister and she friend . his brother and mother . Mary Elizabeth and Alice . and worst of all ... Sam and Patrick the night they toast he . a paranoid nightmare . 168 int . charlie' bedroom - day ( present ) 168 back to present . Charlie 's fall to piece . the tear run down he face . charlie stop cry . 169 int . various location - various time ( fantasy ) 169 quick flash . derek hit candace . Patrick hit Brad . the cafeteria erupt into violence . and Charlie remember what he 's black out . we see he in the cafeteria . terrify . he think he see aunt helen as he break the linebacker 's nose . Hit another in the throat . and push another . Charlie look at he hand , cover in blood . the whole school stare at he . 170 int . charlie' bedroom - day ( present ) 170 back to present . Charlie hold he head . try to stuff the picture back in he brain . but he can not . they keep come and come , faster and faster . Sam 's hand , Little Charlie on top of the stair , the police tell he aunt helen be dead . charlie ( v.o. ) it will be we little secret . we go behind he head . the image move closer and closer . until it feel like we be inside Charlie 's mind . smash CUT to : 171 ext . house swimming pool - day 171 we see candace hang out with she girlfriend at a friend 's backyard pool . her friend ( 18 , pretty ) hold the cordless . candace's friend candace ... you brother 's on the phone . candace casually pick up the phone . 87 . candace hello . charlie ( v.o. ) hey , candace . candace Charlie ? charlie Sam and Patrick leave , and um , I just can not stop think something . candace what ? charlie candace , I kill aunt helen , do not I ? she die get my birthday present , so I guess I kill she , right ? I have try to stop think that , but I can not . she keep drive away and die over and over . candace look like she get hit with ice water . she know she brother . she know this voice . candace cover the phone . candace call the police and send they to my house . charlie and I can not stop she . I be crazy again . candace no , Charlie , listen to I . Mom and dad be go to be home with Chris any second . charlie I be just think ... what if I want she to die , candace ? candace what ? Charlie ... Charlie ! dial tone . 172 int . charlie' house - day 172 we begin in the house . it 's silent . the hallway . the entry hall . the empty bedroom . Charlie 's typewriter on he desk . 88. it 's all so quiet . and then , we see Charlie walk down the hallway . he turn the corner and enter the ... match CUT to : 173 int . charlie' kitchen - day ( past and present ) 173 Kitchen . one room . Charlie do not know where he be anymore . the past and present have ble together . quick flash . we see Little Charlie turn the corner into the kitchen . back to present as 16 year old Charlie stand in the same kitchen , breathe shallow . quick flash . 7 year old Charlie walk up to aunt helen sit at the kitchen table . back to present as 16 year old Charlie begin to have a full blow anxiety attack . quick flash . 7 year old Charlie take aunt helen 's hand and turn it over ... to reveal she wrist scar . back to present as Charlie look from the table to the counter with the bread and the knive . he stare at the knife for a moment . just as ... the policeman break down the door . smash CUT to : 174 int . hospital room - night 174 we see Charlie 's reflection in the window . the door open slowly , and he psychiatrist , Dr. burton , enter . she find he sit in the corner . he have be cry . dr . burton Charlie ? I be Dr. burton . charlie where be I ? dr . burton mayview hospital . this news hit Charlie hard . he begin to panic . charlie you have to let I go . my dad can not afford it . dr . burton do not worry about that . 89 . charlie no . I see they when I be little . and I do not want to be a mayview kid . just tell I how to stop it . dr . burton stop what ? charlie see it . all they life . all the time . just ... how do you stop see it ? dr . burton see what , Charlie ? Charlie break . charlie there be so much pain . and I do not know how to not notice it . dr . burton what 's hurt you ? charlie no ! not I . it 's they . it 's everyone . it never stop . do you understand ? Dr. burton smile , sympathetic . Charlie nod , relieved that someone finally understand . until ... dr . burton what about you aunt helen ? like cold water . what be tear be now confusion and soon to be shame . Dr. burton be gentle to he . charlie what about she ? dr . burton can you see she ? charlie yes , she have a terrible life . but ... I mean , what be I ... dr . burton you say some thing about she in you sleep . charlie I do not care . 90 . dr . burton if you want to get better , you have to -- Charlie look at she , nodd she encouragement . charlie she be ... insane . the minute he say one word of truth , he feel ashamed . he stop talk . Dr. burton do not press he . not today . dr . burton Charlie , be you go to let I help you here ? Charlie cry and nod . charlie okay . dr . burton do you remember anything before you black out ? charlie I , uh ... I remember leave Sam 's house , and walk home ... we move away from they as Charlie 's voice trail off . 175 int . hospital room - morning 175 the sun creep through the window . we can hear bird outside . the intercom be quiet . Charlie be alone . he look at Sam 's typewriter . " dear friend " be already type . charlie ( v.o. ) I be in the hospital for awhile . I will not go into detail about all of it . but I will say there be some very bad day . and some unexpected beautiful day . Charlie pick up a get well card from Sam . 176 int . hospital hallway - day 176 Dr. burton walk Charlie 's parent down the hallway . charlie ( v.o. ) the worst day be the time my doctor tell my mom and dad what aunt helen do to I . in the distance , we see Charlie 's mom and dad stop . shock . 91 . 177 int . hospital room - day 177 Charlie look up and see he mom and dad in the doorway . mother honey ? his mother come to hold he . mother ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry . for a second , we see the emotion he father hide behind the sport page , before he choke it down . he walk over to he son and kiss he forehead . 178 int . hospital room - morning 178 Charlie , Chris , and candace sit on the bed , play card . charlie ( v.o. ) the best day be that when I could have visitor . my brother and sister always come for that until Chris have to go to training camp . he 's go to be first string this year . and my sister tell I she meet a nice guy at she summer job . 179 int . hospital hallway - afternoon 179 Charlie leave he room with he suitcase in hand . his mother wait in the hallway with Dr. burton . dr . burton there he be . so , I will see you Thursday at 6 , right ? Charlie nod and leave the hospital with he mother . charlie ( v.o. ) my doctor say we can not choose where we can come from , but we can choose where we go from there . I know it 's not all the answer , but it be enough to start put this piece together . Dr. burton smile , then turn back into the hospital . 180 int . charlie' dine room - night 180 the family sit at the dinner table . 92 . father God bless this food that we be about to receive . we thank you for this bounty in the name of we Lord Jesus Christ . amen . after they say " amen , " the room fall silent . the family be on pin and needle . no one touch they food . until ... charlie how do you think the penguin be go to do this year , dad ? father God damn penguin . I think they be allergic to God damn defense . charlie what do the player call a puck again ? father a biscuit . candace be you sure it 's not a " God damn biscuit ? " father you be cruisin ' for a bruisin ' . as thing return to normal , dad pick up he paper . candace talk about the book she will need for college . everyone start eat . and Charlie smile , happy to just be home . 181 int . charlie' house - dusk 181 ding do . the door open to reveal Patrick , smile . patrick can Charlie come out and play ? Charlie 's mother smile . Charlie smile , too . especially when he see ... sam. stand next to Patrick . her hair a little different . her eye alive and happy . 182 int . king family restaurant - night 182 the gang of three sit at they booth . Sam and Patrick have they coffee . Charlie have he brownie . like always . SAM that first night , I have grill sticky . it be so good . you have to visit in the fall . we will have some . okay ? 93. charlie definitely . patrick sorry , Sam . Charlie have a breakdown schedule for October . Charlie laugh . Sam smile . after a beat ... SAM well , can I tell you something ? I have be away for two month . it 's another world . and it get better . ( off Charlie 's smile ) and my roommate Katie have the best taste in music . Sam put a cassette tape down on the table . SAM ( cont 'd ) I find the tunnel song . Charlie look at Sam and Patrick , who smile . SAM ( cont 'd ) let 's drive . 183 ext . king family restaurant - night 183 the three leave the restaurant and jump into Sam 's truck . Patrick drive . Charlie in the middle . Sam the passenger . charlie ( v.o. ) I do not know if I will have the time to write any more letter because I might be too busy try to participate . so , if this do end up be the last letter , I just want you to know that I be in a bad place before I start high school . and you help I . 184 int . sam' truck - night 184 the three friend be fly down the highway in Sam 's truck . the music blaring . the wind make they hair dance . charlie ( v.o. ) even if you do not know what I be talk about . or know someone who 's go through it . it make I not feel alone . with Sam 's help , Charlie climb through the little window 94 . 185 ext . highway 376 NORTH - night 185 Charlie get into the back of the truck . he sit down , look back at the highway . watch everywhere he 's be . charlie ( v.o. ) because I know there be people who say all of this thing do not happen . and there be people who forget what it 's like to be 16 when they turn 17 . we see Charlie in profile . the night sky behind he until ... 186 int . fort pitt tunnel - night 186 ... they enter the tunnel , and we realize just how fast they be drive . the white tile of the tunnel whiz by at blind speed . a perfect night . a perfect drive . Flying . charlie ( v.o. ) I know this will all be storey someday . and we picture will become old photograph . and we will all become somebody 's mom or dad . but right now , this moment be not storey . Charlie turn to face forward . to the moment . to Sam , smile at he from the front seat . charlie ( v.o ) ( cont 'd ) this be happen . I be here . and I be look at she . and she be so beautiful . Sam kiss Charlie . then , she turn , and all three kid look ahead to everything in front of they . Charlie begin to stand in the back of the truck . ready to leave the tunnel . charlie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I can see it . this one moment when you know you be not a sad story . you be alive . and as you stand up and see the light on building and everything that make you wonder . and you be listen to that song on that drive with the people you love most in this world . Charlie stand in the back of the truck . the wind on he face . he be free . charlie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and in this moment , I swear ... 95 . we see the moment as Charlie see it . the tunnel 's exit get bigger and brighter with the light of the city behind it . charlie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... we be infinite . the tunnel song blast over the speaker as the truck fly out of the tunnel . Sam and Patrick scream with excitement . Charlie hold he arm in the air . the weight of the world go . if only for a moment . this one moment . we see the city . a million light like white star in a glass dome . we crane to the sky . we be in Heaven . fade out .