the diary of a teenage girl written by marielle heller base on the graphic novel by Phoebe gloeckner begin super 8 footage : int . minnie 's house - bedroom - day 1 Close up on a cat 's face - not pleased . hand-written title card : domino versus . the CITY - a film by minnie goetze a cardboard San Francisco : skyscraper and the Golden Gate Bridge . domino , the cat , peek out above the building . title card : it 's a cat - astrophe ! everybody run ! domino stomp , destroy the little car and building in he wake . he claw at one of the tallest building , lie down right in the middle of the set , lick he butt , and look at the camera like '' yeah ? what ? '' . end super 8 : ( title card : the Diary of a_teenage girl ) ext . san francisco - yerba buena park - afternoon 2 minnie goetze , a intensely smart fifteen - year-old , curious and strong but not jade , walk through the seedy sprawling park . minnie 's voice -over , record onto a cassette tape : minnie ( v.o. ) I have sex today . holy shiiiittttt ! Music kick in - something with a beat . minnie walk seriously down the path , until the chorus chime in , then she shimmy , or swishes she hip , in time to the music . minnie 's Pov : a boy with blond feathered hair take a long slow puff off of a joint . smoke waft up around he face , dance with he curl almost magically . minnie bound through the park , past old strung - out hippie loung in the grass . one of the woman do not have a shirt on . this be the 70 in San Francisco - it 's just how it be . a young woman jog by in a skimpy seventies jogging outfit . her unharness breast bounce happily along . comic star appear on she nipple and bounce away . minnie look down and take a quick peek at she own less ample breast . pink ( 01/08/2014 ) 2 . she strut to the music . she leave animated footstep in she path . minnie do a little skip , and the music swell and cut out . ext . minnie 's house - STREET 3 minnie run up and into a victorian style apartment building . int . minnie 's house - the live room - continuous 5 minnie enter , startle to find she mom , charlotte , a hip woman of 34 who wish she be 25 , and gretel , 13 and a mini- Charlotte , pretty and girly , glue to the tv . Charlotte be still beautiful , though she wear she mistake on she body . she sip a gin and tonic . on the tv , news coverage of the trial of Patty hearst . tv anchor Patty hearst , the kidnap heiress whose story have rivete the world , appear in court again today . she be describe as pallid , dull in complexion and lack in energy . one court reporter describe she demeanor as '' zombie- like '' . minnie try to sneak past unnotice . the room be complete with shag carpete wall - to- wall , hang fern , and colorful afghan . the picture of Patty hearst with a gun be on the tv . tv anchor ( cont ’d ) when Ms. hearst be ask to describe the closet that she captor hold she in ... charlotte oh minnie . come watch with we . gretel ( try to sound grow - up ) yeah . it 's history in the make . Charlotte do not take she eye off the tv . tv anchor prosecutor bring in Dr. Harry L. kozol , a expert on sex - offender and mentally ill criminal ... minnie no thanks . charlotte ( be : tv ) she 's not mentally ill ! fuck this guy . just because she run away from she bourgeoisie family and start over . I know how you feel , Patty ! Charlotte sip she drink , minnie lean in . gretel my teacher say she be brainwash . I mean , do not they , like , keep she in a closet ? charlotte no , come on . she 's brave . she remind I of my friend andrea - she 's search for something more real than she privileged bullshit childhood . gretel oh . minnie I think she 's a phony . what kind of person fall in love with the people who kidnap and torture they ? Charlotte and gretel turn toward minnie , surprised . Charlotte finally take in minnie : charlotte be that what you wear today ? minnie Mom ?! charlotte I be just say . it would not kill you to wear something with a waist . jeez . gretel laugh . minnie ( to gretel ) shut the fuck up . Charlotte go back to watch the coverage . minnie ( cont 'd ) I be gonna go do homework . minnie exit . Charlotte call after she . charlotte kimmie call . Charlotte and gretel go back to the tv . int . minnie 's house - bedroom - continuous 6 minnie pull the rotary phone into she messy room and dial frantically . the bed be unmade , a record player sit on the floor in the corner , and the dresser 's drawer hang open loosely expose they content . there be half finish project everywhere : diorama , a photography corner , etc . minnie ( into phone ) hi , may I speak to kimmie please ? oh , okay . yeah could you just ask she to call minnie the moment she get in ? thanks . minnie hang up , frustrated . int . minnie 's house - hallway - moment later 7 minnie dig frantically through the closet , search . she fling article of clothes , and tennis racket out of the way , box fall on she , until she find what she 's look for : a seventies cassette recorder complete with a microphone . she wipe dust off of it . int . minnie 's house - bedroom —- moment later 8 minnie press record on the tape recorder , notice some dark dry blood on she index finger . she pick at it for a moment , smell it . she think about where to begin . then , she jump up , lock she door . she sit back down . minnie ( into mic ) um. test ? no - fuck - ( more ) 10 minnie ( cont 'd ) ( rewind , start again ) my name be minnie goetze . I ama fifteen - year- old girl live in San Francisco California , recording this onto a cassette tape because my life have get really crazy of late , and I need to tell someone about it . if you be listen to this without my permission , please stop right now . just , really . stop. okay . ( clear she throat ) so , I do not remember be bear . begin imagining sequence : 9 a comic-book style animation : a woman 's naked body lie on she side breath and move in sketchy pencil line . she move in ecstacy . minnie ( v.o. ) I be a very ugly child . her knee part slowly , open seductively , expose a hairy crotch , the pencil line of the pubic hair go in every direction . her toe curl , and suddenly through the center of she leg pop out the head of a baby , who look just like minnie - bright - eye and smile . the animation freeze : end imagining : int . minnie 's house - bedroom - continuous 10 minnie stand with she tape recorder and microphone . the '' birth draw '' be tack to the wall in front of she . minnie my appearance have not improve so I suppose it be a lucky break when he be attract by my youthfulness . a cat start purring around minnie 's ankle , she pick he up roughly , kissing he . minnie ( cont 'd ) domino , you stupid cat , I love you . ( then , whisper ) hey , domino . do I look different than I do yesterday ? 11 domino squirm and jump out of she arm . minnie flop on the bed , a huge grin come over she face . the wall of minnie 's room be line with comic-style drawing , and photograph : a tongue , or a face , homeless people , and transvestite . and many self - portrait . minnie speak into she mic . minnie ( cont 'd ) ( get serious ) okay in all matter of factuality , it happen like this : flashback to : int . minnie 's house - the live room - night 11 Charlotte be sprawle out on the couch , a light joint dangle precariously in she finger , fall asleep . gretel eat a bowl of ice-cream on the floor . monroe , 34 , a guy with the attitude and libido of a 15 year old , sit on the end of the couch and stare blankly at the Carol burnett show on the tv , drink a schlitz beer . minnie enter in a blue little - girl nightgown , plopping down on the couch , move she mom 's leg over . Charlotte groan , and ash from she joint fall into gretel 's bowl of ice - cream . gretel Mom !? God . you be so gross . I can not even watch tv without ... gretel get up in a huff , and exit . Charlotte do not stir . the tv blare . minnie ( v.o. ) my mother be marry for a long time to my step - dad pascal . he be a science - y guy , a phd . c/ U on a picture of Charlotte and pascal , 45 , when they be young and marry . even then , they be a odd match . minnie ( v.o. ) he have a lot of idea about how the world work - do not think woman should drink or smoke . minnie look at the joint in she mom 's hand . yellow ( 01/16/2014 ) 7 . minnie ( v.o. ) maybe that 's why she be not marry to he anymore . she 's '' looser '' now . minnie look toward Monroe . minnie ( v.o. ) Monroe rutherford 's she boyfriend , but they be not possessive . Monroe stare at the tv . he be handsome in this light , with a boyish face . he feel minnie look at he and smile a little . minnie turn back to the tv . there be a long pause . Charlotte suddenly startles . charlotte ( half - asleep and a little high ) what ? minnie charlotte it be the tv . whatdyasay ? minnie it be just the tv , mom . charlotte oh my god , I have such a long day . I be fall asleep here . Charlotte slip she house shoe on without open she eye . charlotte ( cont ’d ) I be crashin’ . Monroe slap Charlotte on the ass . monroe g’night . minnie night . minnie debate move over to the other side of the couch , but just as she make a move , Monroe put he big hand on she head . minnie hit Monroe lightly . he put he arm around she and they curl up together , watch tv . monroe what be you wear ? this nightgown be totally ridiculous . minnie blushes . 12 pink ( 01/08/2014 ) 8. Monroe 's arm dangle around minnie 's shoulder , dangerously close to she breast . maybe he hand brushes it ? they sit in silence watch the tv . minnie move to the other side of the couch , stare at Monroe . minnie ( v.o. ) I know it seem weird , but I have this strangely calming feel that even if he touch my tit on purpose it 's probably all right because he 's one of we best friend and he 's a good guy and he know how it go and I do not ... minnie look at Monroe for a sign . Monroe crack another beer . minnie ( v.o. ) but I wonder if my breast feel small ? CUT to : int . minnie 's house - bedroom - night 12 minnie look at a picture she draw of Monroe , in very short jogging short , that be tack onto the wall . her tape player in she hand . minnie oh Monroe . pitter pat . you touch my tit . how be that ? minnie touch Monroe 's crotch on the draw . as she stare deep into Monroe 's face turn to camera , , so handsome and charming . his eye twitch with mischief . he look down a little , then back up . monroe ( so vulnerable ) can I just say - touch you breast ... ( bashfully , almost ) I can not - I can not say it . ( more ) 13 yellow ( 01/16/2014 ) 9. monroe ( cont 'd ) ( then ) they be really great . fantastic breast , minnie . just perfect . Monroe smile . comic book flower burst out from behind he head , like a seventies album cover . a bird fly out of he ear and land on top of he head and start sing , and - end imagining : int . minnie 's house - kitchen - evening 13 Monroe snap he finger in minnie 's face . she be stand with the door of the fridge wide open , stare into space . monroe weirdo . minnie push Monroe , playfully but hard . minnie ( v.o. ) it feel so good to imagine that he might be think about I . like finally I exist . Monroe grab a apple , bite into it . the kitchen have a paisley wallpaper lining the wall , and avocado green tile on the counter . monroe so - Charlotte enter the kitchen , in a sexy house - dress / robe . monroe ( cont 'd ) ( to Charlotte ) hey . you ' bout ready steady ? Monroe jump up and sit on the counter . charlotte no , no . I think I be stay here . I be already in my skivvy . monroe what ? you promise . minnie ( v.o. ) not that I love he or anything . I be not stupid . gretel enter , and Charlotte pour herself a big gin and tonic . yellow ( 01/16/2014 ) 10 . gretel we be gonna watch '' Little House on the prairie '' . gretel grab a soda from the fridge . Charlotte smooth gretel 's hair a little . charlotte yep . Monroe grab Charlotte by the waist and pull she close . monroe it 's two - for-one tuesday , though . you promise . charlotte I be sorry , baby . monroe let 's just go for a few drink ? I need to get out . charlotte I will make it up to you , I swear . I be sorry . take minnie . monroe what ? charlotte minnie will go . wontcha 's minute ? monroe she do not want to go . minnie yeah I do . where ? charlotte told you . see ? Charlotte turn and leave with gretel . monroe just this bar on Harrison . minnie ( v.o. ) I have homework , but so the fuck what ? Monroe smile , it 's a plan . CUT to : 14 yellow ( 01/16/2014 ) 10a . int . liverpool lile bar - later that night 14 at a tall bar table in a dark corner , a bartender drop off another round to minnie and Monroe . they be both pleasantly drunk , watch the bartender leave . Monroe lean he body into minnie 's , almost knock she off she stool . 11 . she laugh , push he , but then almost fall off she stool . he catch she . monroe ( teasing ) whoa ! clumsy clumsy . he help she back onto she stool , hold onto she for a little too long . minnie get a case of the giggle , he follow suit . they play a game of '' sugarpack football '' , flick a sugar pack across the table , try to make it land on the edge of the table . Monroe flick the sugar packet through minnie 's '' field - goal '' ( she hand ) and it disappear off the table . minnie shit . where have it go ? Monroe get up and start root around on the ground near she foot , look for it . he bite she ankle . she scream too loud . he laugh . monroe shut up ! you lightweight . he bite she calf , grab onto she knee . minnie take he hand , and bite it hard . he stand , let she bite he . minnie that do not hurt ? monroe you can not hurt I . go ahead . minnie I be gonna bite you so fuck hard . she bite it even harder , as hard as she can . monroe I do not even feel it . minnie you be drunk . monroe I be just really strong . she bite he finger . he like it . he think about touch she face . she breathes in , want he to . he flick she nose . he sit back down . Green ( 01/19/2014 ) 12 . minnie you be far away . monroe ( quietly ) you just give I a hard - on . minnie I do ? she peer over the table to see . monroe yeah , I be hard . minnie might laugh but instead she move closer . glancing around , Monroe take minnie 's hand and put it down he pants . minnie feel it , interested like it 's a science experiment . minnie ( v.o . ) it do not feel too hard to I . it have soft skin . I do not know what I expect exactly but I guess flesh can never be really hard , like wood or Formica . Monroe moan quietly , minnie smile . minnie I want you to fuck I . minnie ( v.o. ) I do not even know if I be serious or not , but it be funny and I be drunk . Monroe remove she hand . monroe you be shit -face . I gotta get you back to you goddmamn mother . but he do not move away , if anything he pull she closer , search she eye . monroe ( cont 'd ) I can not believe you want I to fuck you . do you really want I to fuck you ? 15 16 yellow ( 01/16/2014 ) 13. minnie ( playfully ) none of you fuck business . it 's like a game of chicken , neither will look away . even in this moment , there be nothing threaten about Monroe . monroe you really do want I to fuck you , do not you ? you really fuck want I to fuck fuck you . minnie stare up at Monroe 's face , smile . minnie ( v.o. ) I do not know whether I want he or anyone else to fuck I but I be afraid to pass up the chance because I may never get another . i/e . monroe' car - parking lot - later 15 minnie and Monroe get into the car , unsure of what 's next . they stare straight ahead . then they go for it . he kiss she , for a long time , slide he hand between she leg . Music crescendos . CUT to : int . minnie 's house - bathroom - later that night 16 minnie be in the bathtub , stare at the ceiling , where shadow from the street dance . she touch she lip and mouth , which be raw and red from Monroe 's stubble . minnie ( v.o. ) it taste like heat wine - hot and sticky and the inside of he mouth be all smooth . I try give he a blow - job in the car and he put he hand in I , and touch my tit . he say he want to fuck I , but he say we can not tonight . minnie ( every emotion ) oh my god . oh my god . oh my god . minnie dip she head back in the water , let she hair wash all around she . 17 18 Green ( 01/19/2014 ) 14 . minnie ( v.o. ) sometimes the feel of water rush through my hair make I feel so beautiful . like a mermaid wait to be rescue from the depth of the sea . minnie enjoy this feel , and then suddenly open she eye with a start : minnie ( v.o. ) be this what it feel like for someone to love you ? he could have anyone and he want I . he see I . I feel different today . I never want to go back . ext . STREET - morning 17 minnie wait on the corner of Jackson and Scott , anxious . a man with a bushy mustache , and tight bell - bottom whistle at she . Monroe pull up , and she get into he beat - up car , flipping off the stranger with a smile . monroe you gonna get in trouble for skip school ? minnie shake she head , smile . monroe ( cont 'd ) you feel like sandwich ? minnie nod . they drive off . int . monroe' apartment - moment later 18 Monroe and minnie fall into the small bachelor apartment make out , barely close the door behind they . Monroe lift minnie up onto the bed . he get on top of minnie , kissing she and unbutton she pants . minnie be scared but excited . Minutes later , minnie and Monroe lie silently side - by-side on the bed . they both have they shirt and jacket on still , and be naked just from the waist down . minnie trace a X on Monroe 's leg in blood . he shake he head in disbelief . minnie what ? monroe I do not know you be a virgin . 19 15 . he shake it off . minnie close she eye , peaceful . monroe ( cont 'd ) you look good , you know ? Nice . minnie I do ? minnie reach for she backpack and pull out she Polaroid camera . minnie ( cont 'd ) will you take my picture ? she lie back down , resume she position . monroe what ? minnie please ? I just want to see . he snap the picture , against he better judgement . minnie point the camera toward Monroe , but he grab it out of she hand . monroe Nah , nah , nah . be you crazy ? minnie give in , shaking she picture in she hand . monroe ( cont 'd ) you better not show that picture to anyone . close on the photograph of minnie , still and beautiful . minnie you can not even see where I be . outside , life continue . School let out , transvestite turn trick , the city life . end flashback : int . minnie 's house - bedroom - day 19 we be back where we start , minnie 's first Diary entry . minnie sit with she tape recorder now on the floor . 20 pink ( 01/08/2014 ) 16 . minnie ... that be about a hour ago and I can not believe I have now actually say it out loud . I be pretty sure this make I officially a adult . right ? she pick at the dry blood on she finger . minnie ( cont 'd ) I be go to continue recording this diary with the intention of make entry each and every day as honestly and as sincerely as be possible for I to do . she press stop , pleased . she pull out the picture that Monroe take of she after she first time and examine it . she look relaxed and beautiful . int . minnie 's house - kitchen / hallway - another evening 20 minnie be sit at the kitchen table draw a picture of herself when the doorbell ring . she jump up . as minnie head for the door , gretel come out of she room . gretel I will get it . minnie slam gretel 's door in she face . minnie I get it . gretel whine . minnie open the front door . monroe ( shyly ) hey. minnie ( shyly ) hey . there be a tense pause . they stare at each other . Monroe seem like a teenager who do not know what to say . monroe you mom here ? 17 . minnie no. ( then , jealous ) why ? do you come to see she ? monroe no . minnie oh . Monroe enter sheepishly , punch minnie 's shoulder playfully . monroe I come to see you , silly . minnie punch Monroe on he arm , hard . monroe ( cont 'd ) ow . shit . you get a good arm . you wanna box ? minnie yeah . they put up they duke and start circle each other , jabbing and kick . monroe what be you do before I get here ? Monroe reach out and grab minnie 's tit . monroe ( cont 'd ) thinkin 's about I ? minnie punch he again . minnie no ! Monroe grab she fist , pin they behind she back , startling minnie . just when they be about to kiss , Charlotte come in the front door . Monroe quickly push minnie away from he , who fall to the ground . charlotte hello ? monroe oh . there you be . 21 22 18 . minnie watch Monroe kiss Charlotte from the ground . minnie ( v.o. ) Monroe rutherford be the handsomest man in the world . int . minnie 's house - bedroom - night 21 minnie lie in bed with she tape recorder , it 's dark except for the glow from she flashlight . there 's magic in the air . minnie ( sotto into microphone ) my mother 's friend Martin Chong send she a poem . he 's one of many man who 's in love with she , wait in line with a number in they hand like at the deli counter . he write it on a piece of lacy purple rice paper that I find crumpled in the trash . I think it 's beautiful : minnie read from the crumpled paper . star start to emanate from minnie 's bed , float out into the universe . minnie ( cont 'd ) ( into microphone ) '' it would have be better to have sleep and dream than to watch the night pass and the slow moon sink . '' the ceiling of she room melt away , the star twinkle above she . she touch she body nonchalantly . minnie ( cont 'd ) I wonder if Monroe be masturbate think about I tonight ? Monroe say I exude sexuality . sometimes I look in the mirror and I can not believe what I see . I just realize - I have have breast for a full three year . she click the light off . the star twinkle for one more moment . int . minnie 's house - bathroom - day 22 minnie run into the bathroom with a yellow rotary phone , receiver press up to she ear . 23 24 pink ( 01/08/2014 ) 19 . minnie ( into phone ) sorry . sorry . gretel be follow I . hold on . she lock the door and sit on the edge of the tub . minnie ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) okay , I be good . kimmie 's voice alright , tell I . intercut with : int . kimmie 's house - bathroom - day 23 kimmie minter , sixteen but with the body of a twenty - one year old and the hair of farrah fawcett , be on the other end . minnie 's voice ( whisper ) I can not tell you , you have to guess . kimmie sit straight up . kimmie ( into phone ) you fuck somebody ! ! intercut with : int . minnie 's house - bathroom - continuous 24 minnie ( scream into phone ) what ?! how do you know ? a pound at the door . gretel 's voice ( call through the door ) minnie . I need the bathroom . what be you do ? kimmie 's voice finally ! you be catch up . pink ( 01/08/2014 ) 20 . minnie hey ! we do not all lose we virginity at thirteen . kimmie 's voice it 's not just I . that 's how it be in South San Francisco . gretel pound again . kimmie 's voice ( cont 'd ) I be just so happy ! who be it ? minnie ( into phone ) you have to guess . gretel be listen . gretel 's voice ( call through the door ) I be not . you be so full of yourself . intercut with : 25 int . kimmie 's house - bathroom - continuous 25 kimmie curl she hair , perfect she 70 flip . kimmie ( into phone ) but you do not know any guy . wait . be it that guy who work in the liquor store ? that cute one ? minnie 's voice ( lead ) no . kimmie ( into phone ) well , be it somebody I know ? minnie 's voice yes . kimmie ( into phone ) I can not think of anyone ... wait a minute . it 's not Monroe , be it ? intercut with : pink ( 01/08/2014 ) 21 . 26 int . minnie 's house - bathroom 26 minnie be silent , smile like the cat who eat the canary . gretel pound on the door . kimmie 's voice ( scream from the phone ) my god ! minnie ! that be so sick ! minnie have to hold the phone away from she ear . kimmie 's voice ( cont 'd ) ewww ! gretel pound . gretel 's voice ( yell through the door ) I be gonna tell mom . get out of there ! minnie ( whisper into phone ) do not you think he 's cute ? intercut with : 27 int . kimmie 's house - bathroom - continuous 27 kimmie 's hair start to burn . she unroll the curling iron . kimmie ( into phone ) no , he 's not cute . he 's old . ew , ew , ewww . minnie . he sleep with you mom ! intercut with : 28 int . minnie 's house - bathroom - continuous 28 minnie ( into phone , sotto ) only because he have to otherwise she will suspect something . kimmie 's voice I do not know , minnie . do not you kinda feel like he 's take advantage of you or something ? I mean , you be so much young than he . 22 . gretel 's pound on the door grow louder and faster . kimmie 's voice ( cont 'd ) minnie ? minnie ( upset , into phone ) umm ... intercut with : 29 int . kimmie 's house - bedroom - continuous 29 there be a pause . kimmie ( into phone ) how big be he dick ? 30 int . minnie 's house - hallway - moment later 30 minnie swing the door open to find gretel about to pound on the door . she grab she , punch she on the arm . minnie I be gonna kill you ! gretel ow . minnie , do not . minnie quit spying on I . minnie push gretel to the ground , and sit on top of she , smack she over and over again . gretel what be you talk about ? ow - minnie push gretel 's face further into the carpet . 31 I /e. streetcar - day 31 minnie sit at the back of the streetcar . she talk into she tape player 's mic , enjoy she lurid narrative , while a old lady nearby listen on , disturb . minnie he 's fuck I three time now . all I can think about be the fuck . 32 23 . flashback : minnie and Monroe fuck in he car . minnie ( cont 'd ) Monroe be a good lay from what I know in my limited knowledge . he be very tall and strong and he have two strong muscular thigh and a big hairy chest . flashback : minnie and Monroe fuck in he bed , fuck on he floor , more fuck . minnie ( cont 'd ) as for myself , I be not particularly attractive at all . but I do think I look different now - probably my aura . and I think people be notice ... int . rich private high school - classroom - day 32 minnie sit at a desk by the window . the hippie english teacher sit on he desk - '' cool teacher '' style , with a copy of catcher in the Rye in he lap . cool english teacher I agree , liza . Mr. antolini do not act like a authority figure . he be not condescending . but what do you make of the moment where he touch Holden 's forehead while he sleep ? the teacher drone on . minnie doodle listlessly . a note land on she desk . it read : write I a note . minnie look around . behind she , a very handsome boy with great hair , a junior name ricky wasserman , 17 , wink . minnie drop the note back on ricky 's desk . he unfurl it read : a basic pancake recipe include water , flour , baking powder , sugar and egg . cool english teacher ( cont ’d ) Holden 's attitude toward homosexual be call into question ... the note drop back on minnie 's desk : Madame , my heart contain nothing but admiration for you . the bell ring , minnie gather she thing . ricky and he friend arnie , another junior , blond and tall and preppy , surround she desk . 24 . arnie do not listen to this bullshit artist . you should probably write note to I . ricky he 's just jealous because he can tell you like I . minnie oh really ? ricky you be fascinating , you know that ? arnie she 's kinda look like angelica Houston , do not you think ? ricky I see that . angelica Houston be incredibly beautiful . ricky flash a win smile . minnie be flatter , and mute . moment later , a long-haire slacker boy name chuck , 16 , with a skateboard under he arm , approach . chuck what do they want ? minnie who ? chuck tweedle Dee and tweedle dipshit . they watch ricky and arnie leave . minnie they be nice . chuck they be preppy and rich . minnie oh , do not be jealous , Chuck . just because ricky wasserman think I be fascinating . minnie and Chuck start to walk toward the door together . chuck he do not say that . 33 34 25 . minnie laugh . minnie I know . it 's so embarrassing . chuck tell he to fuck off next time . minnie no one that popular have ever talk to I before . it be kinda exhilate . as minnie and Chuck pass the teacher 's desk , he call out . cool english teacher Ms. goetze - next time I expect some more participation from you , I know you do the read . minnie nod reluctantly on she way out . footage of the patty hearst trial 33 Patty hearst be sentence . int . minnie 's house - the live room - early evening 34 minnie come in from school to find Monroe and Charlotte smoking a joint , and drink around the coffee table as though nothing have happen . charlotte I just think it 's barbaric that she be find guilty ! even if she know what she be do in that bank - she be still a prisoner ... minnie turn on the tv , look to Monroe to see if he 's go to acknowledge she . he do not . she stare at he . charlotte ( cont ’d ) ..- kidnap , rape ! come on . she 's a victim ! monroe ( grasp ) I do not know . I guess it do seem kinda counter - progressive or something . 35 26 . Monroe take a long drag . he look between minnie and Charlotte , on either side . minnie turn up the tv volume . charlotte ( loudly over the tv ) it 's bullshit . it 's fascist , misogynistic bullshit . you need to pay more attention to this stuff . read the paper every once in a while . monroe yeah , you have say that . Charlotte shoot the rest of she drink , and exit for a refill . Monroe , unsure , finally decide to follow Charlotte into the kitchen . as he pass behind minnie , he reach out and tickle she neck . she slap he hand away . monroe ( cont 'd ) hey . minnie do not . monroe turn down the volume , bucko . Monroe exit to the kitchen , minnie seethe . from the kitchen , she can hear Charlotte 's giggle . minnie sink into the couch . smash CUT to : int . minnie 's house - bedroom - continuous 35 minnie stand in front of she mirror , wrap in a towel . she pull the picture Monroe take of she after they first time out from she pocket and slide it into the edge of the mirror . minnie ( v.o. ) ( earnest ask ) what 's the point of live if nobody love you ? nobody see you ? nobody touch you ? she drop she towel and stand naked . she compare the picture with she face in the mirror . and look at she body . pink ( 01/08/2014 ) 27 . minnie ( v.o. ) I wish I be older than I be . it feel like there be little weight hang from my heart that swing and tug every time I move , every time the wind blow . flashback to : 36 int . monroe 's apartment - day 36 minnie and Monroe 's face be close together . minnie what 's you favorite color ? monroe I do not know . Blue ? why be you ask I such stupid question ? CUT back to : 37 int . minnie 's house - bedroom - continuous 37 minnie be still in front of the mirror , look at she face . minnie ( v.o. ) I want someone to be so totally in love with I that they would feel like they would die if I be go . she look at the picture . minnie ( v.o. ) maybe Monroe could love I like that ? I be so warm . I want a body with mine . I need a man . smash CUT to : 38 int . monroe 's apartment - day 38 minnie and Monroe be have rouse sex under the cover , with just the random limb poke out . Monroe finish and collapse on top of minnie . minnie ( frustrated ) no , do not stop . 39 yellow ( 01/16/2014 ) 28. monroe minnie , come on . Monroe roll off of she . minnie stare at the ceiling , blue - ball . she climb on top of he back , but he 's already fall asleep . monroe ( cont 'd ) we have to stop this . you just ... have some hold on I . minnie why would you say that ? do you think I be fat ? she punch he . he laugh . minnie ( cont 'd ) you be so fuck confusing ... with you adult code and bullshit . monroe minnie - minnie I be use to the more honest mean of communication use between child . I be almost still a child , you know . monroe hey , that 's why I say we have to stop . it 's clearly too much for you emotionally . minnie but , I do not want it to stop . Monroe fall asleep . minnie stare at the ceiling , confuse and frustrated and alone and blue-balled . minnie ( v.o. ) I have no one to talk with about this highly complicated matter ... int . minnie 's house - kitchen - day 39 minnie and Charlotte sit at the table , eat peanut - butter and jelly sandwich and not talk . Blue ( 12/17/2013 ) 29 , minnie ( v.o . ) ..- if my mother be not involved with Monroe she could give I all the advice in the world . charlotte kimmie be so white trash , do not you think ? minnie she be not ! charlotte I mean that in a good way - you know , she 's kind of salt of the earth . I love she farrah fawcett hairdo - it 's so a la mode . I mean , I be really glad you hair be not like that , but it look cute on she . minnie boy love kimmie . charlotte ( a little jealous ) really ? I dunno . she look better in pants than skirt though . be not she ankle sort of thick ? intercut with : 40 ext . big rock park - day 40 minnie and kimmie sit on a big rock in the park , watch people walk by . kimmie you mom 's really gorgeous . minnie oh , I dunno . I guess . kimmie be not you afraid she ’1ll find out about you and Monroe ? what if they get marry ? it 's so sick . kimmie love the drama . intercut with : Blue ( 12/17/2013 ) 30 . 4l int . minnie 's house - kitchen - continuous 41 minnie and Charlotte be still eat they sandwich . charlotte I guess kimmie have a good body . minnie Mom ! charlotte you know . I hate to brag , minnie . but I be quite a piece when I be you age . intercut with : 42 ext . big rock park - day — continuous 42 minnie and kimmie be still on the big rock . kimmie be painting she toe nail . minnie honestly , I feel like my mom be just worried that I do not have a boyfriend . I mean , I do not think she want I to get pregnant like she do when she be my age , but ... kimmie ( sort of listen ) yeah . minnie obviously I can not tell she about ... you know . what be I go to say ? '' Mom , I be sleep with you boyfriend '' ? intercut with : 43 int . minnie 's house - kitchen - continuous 43 minnie stare at Charlotte intently . they be still eat sandwich . charlotte I do not know what you problem be , minnie . I would think you would be more into boy . even gretel have a boyfriend . ( more ) 31 . charlotte ( cont 'd ) I mean he 's just that little short italian boy from she class but still . do not you like anybody ? you can tell I . there be a long pause . minnie want to tell she mom more than anything . instead , she shove a big bite of she sandwich into she mouth . charlotte ( cont ’d ) God , when I be in high school , the boy be all over I ... minnie like ... my dad ? Charlotte be surprised minnie be bring he up , but go with the memory . charlotte oh , yeah . you dad and I be crazy about each other . he be not so mess up back then . have not ever even smoke pot . he be just a wannabe artist with a fuck - the - world attitude . and he ride a triumph blackbird . have I ever tell you about that ? fuck , that be fantastic ! minnie do not dare move . charlotte ( cont ’d ) my parent hate he . it be so hot . I know I could call he any time day or night and he would ride that beautiful machine over to my house and rescue I . and I have hold onto he waist , and scream ! God , that boy ... Charlotte let out a languish sigh , get up and start clear the dish . she shake away the memory . charlotte ( cont ’d ) you know , you be not always go to have that body , minute . I know it 's not exactly feminist to say , but I think you would be happier if you put yourself out there a bit - a little make - up , a skirt every once in a while , jesus . get a little attention . you have a kind of power , you just do not know it yet . 44 45 Blue ( 12/17/2013 ) 32 . minnie stare at she mom 's butt as she scrape they plate into the trash . this resonate with minnie . intercut with : ext . big rock park - continuous 44 on the rock . minnie maybe I nil tell she when we be both old and grey , and Monroe be cold in he grave , ya know ? kimmie ( totally distract ) do you think I should start irone my hair straight ? or do you think it 's kinda classic like this ? minnie look at she , stunne . minnie ( v.o. ) I have no one to talk to ! int - comic book store - day 45 minnie look through the comic book listlessly . minnie ( v.o . ) .+- maybe I should just ignore everything . but I like sex . I want to get laid right now . I really like get fuck . do everyone think about fuck as much as I do ? she see a nerdy boy look at comic book and imagine he penis , animated and wag , on top of he pants . minnie ...- be I a sex - up freak or something ? minnie hear a commotion come from the back of the store . aline kominsky , a bad - ass comic book artist , be do a signing . a group of comic book fan be line up , enthralled . minnie peek over the crowd and get a glimpse of aline - just about the coolest woman she 's ever see - she 's in awe . minnie approach the old hippie behind the register , bald with a ponytail and a beard . he notice minnie stare . 46 47 33 . old hippie aline kominsky - '' the bunch '' . she 's good shit , man . he hand she '' twisted sister '' , a comic book with a woman sit on the toilet on the cover . the woman turn to minnie and wink . minnie smile to herself . this be something ! begin imagining : int . coffee shop - day 46 minnie sit draw in a booth , aline kominsky 's comic book open in front of she . she trace one of aline 's drawing . minnie ( v.o. ) I have decide aline kominsky be my favorite cartoonist . minnie imagine a animated version of aline kominsky , beautiful and rough with a big ass , work intently at a draw table . minnie watch she . minnie ( v.o. ) she must be beautiful and work all the time , at a little draw table , with R. crumb nearby at he draw table . a comic R. crumb , as he draw himself , work nearby . minnie ( v.o. ) everyone think he 's the brilliant one but I bet she give he all of he idea . and they talk about they pen and other equipment . the comic figure mingle with each other , laugh and look at they artwork . aline sparkles . int . minnie 's house - the live room - evening 47 minnie enter - the house have be tidy . a colorful afghan be fold neatly and sling over the couch . there be music play on the record player , and the table be set for two with a table cloth and candle . minnie hear she mom loudly cry from the kitchen . she shoot gretel a look , who shrug , a little scared , and go back to she book . minnie motion for gretel to go to she . gretel shake she head like '' hell no ! '' . minnie tip -toe to the doorway and watch she mom , dress in a skirt and heel , sit on a stool in the kitchen , head in she hand , sobbing loudly . 48 49 50 Blue ( 12/17/2013 ) 34 . some peas boil over on the stove . minnie do not move , she just watch , out of sight , terrify and guilty . int . minnie 's bedroom —- continuous 48 minnie rush into she room , kick she chair and stuff as she go . minnie ( v.o. ) I feel like all of Monroe 's excuse not to come over here be excuse not to see I . but my mom think it 's about she . minnie pull out a piece of paper and start scribbling . minnie ( v.o. ) dear Monroe . I know you think I be fat . but I do not care because I know that black guy the world over ... ext . monroe 's car - in front of he house - evening 49 Monroe arrive at he car and find the note pin under he windshield wiper . he read . minnie ( v.o. ) -..and also italian construction worker and wetback and old man and also some lesbian like fat girl even if you do not , so there . Love , Little minnie . Monroe roll he eye , and crumple the letter . he shove it in he pocket . int . minnie 's house - bedroom - a different day 50 the phone ring and minnie leap for it . minnie ( into phone ) hello ? pascal 's voice minnie . 35 . minnie ( disappointed , into phone ) pascal . pascal 's voice do not sound so excited . minnie ( into phone ) sorry . pascal 's voice do you get you biology test back ? minnie b-minus . pascal 's voice not bad . minnie how 's New York ? intercut with : 51 int . pascal 's house - evening 51 pascal , a professorial man , sit at a small but pretentious desk in he study in New York . pascal ( into phone ) stimulate . intellectually and otherwise . you would love it here . the library alone elevate it far above San Francisco . minnie 's voice sound cool . pascal ( into phone ) you know that if you ever decide that you want to broaden you horizon , minnie - New York be a great place for a young lady . you could live with I . I be you surrogate father for many year and that do not end just because you mother and I be no longer legally bound . intercut with : 36 . 52 int . minnie 's house - bedroom - continuous 52 minnie draw while she balance the phone on she ear . in she notebook be many tracing she 's do of aline kominsky 's comic book cover . pascal 's voice what be you read nowadays ? minnie ( into phone ) ummm . search for Mr. goodbar . do you ever finish it ? pascal 's voice please , that inflammatory fiction ? I just finish the final day about the end of Nixon 's administration . it 's darkly fascinating to witness how well he fare while he dream crash around he . minnie I be read some cool comic book too . intercut with : 53 int . pascal 's house - evening 53 pascal ( into phone ) well , that 's a waste of a good mind . I be send you a book on fly . ( then ) so ... where 's you mother ? minnie 's voice I do not know . she 's not back from work yet . pascal ( into phone ) be she come home tonight ? minnie 's voice I guess . she do not say she be not . she usually finish at the library at 6 . 37 . pascal ( into phone ) who 's she go out with this day ? intercut with : 54 minnie 's house - bedroom - continuous 54 minnie be draw . minnie I do not say she be go out with anyone ! you do not even listen to I , pascal . pascal 's voice that 's not true , minnie . minnie ( into phone ) besides , mom be not even party really . she 's like a monk . or a nun or whatever . flashback to : 55 int . minnie 's house - the live room - night 55 Charlotte and she friend sit around in the dark pass a joint and sniff cocaine . burt , a stone guy in he 40s with a mustache , and michael cocaine , a 45 year old lawyer with a coke habit , mingle . andrea , late 20 , Charlotte 's slightly dumb friend , turn to Michael Cocaine , high : andrea wait , be this why they call you Michael Cocaine ? everyone start laugh . CUT back to : 56 int . minnie 's house - bedroom - continuous 56 minnie hold the phone reluctantly to she ear . pascal 's voice well , do not tell she I be ask about she .... 57 pink ( 01/08/2014 ) 38 . his voice fade out . minnie draw herself , as a distort cartoon . animate minnie begin to move on the page , as she draw . begin imagining : animate minnie , with hairy leg , stride through San Francisco , boldly . minnie ( v.o. ) dear aline kominsky , hello . my name be minnie and I be a aspire cartoonist . animate minnie meet different boy along she journey . she keep walk , morph . sometimes she have big thigh , sometimes she head be very small . sometimes she breast bulge from she shirt . she keep walk . minnie ( v.o. ) I be a huge fan of yours . most cartoon do not amuse I at all , but I love yours . I have just complete my first real comic . it 's only one page . it 's about walk around in the city . I use India ink but I be not sure what kind of paper to use . what do you use ? with admiration , minnie goetze . animate minnie disappear into the city . end imagining : int . minnie 's house - kitchen / live room - night 57 minnie and gretel sit eat a sad dinner together . minnie poke at she peas on she plate , despondent . gretel sit across from she , filing she nail . minnie ( v.o . ) it stir up a kind of frustrated passion in my heart to think of Monroe sometimes , to think about he out with my mother . gretel Mom say I could go to a boy / girl party on Saturday at Lindsay 's . Anthony 's take I . minnie so? 39 . gretel I just think it be cool of she . all of my friend be always like tell I that I have such a hip mom , like my friend Jane - minnie be unimpress . they hear a commotion from the other room . minnie jump up , and run to she room . Monroe , Charlotte , burt , Michael Cocaine , and andrea come home . they be drunk and / or high . Monroe collapse on the couch and close he eye . Charlotte get on top of he , straddle he . minnie emerge from she room with a tiny present , wrap in the funnyy , she watch from just outside the door . charlotte ( waste ) no , do not be a drag ! we have not sung to you yet . monroe but I be tired ! michael cocaine fuck that . take this . he hand Monroe a line which Monroe snort . charlotte ( raise she glass ) I be gonna make another toast . to Monroe on he birthday - it never get better than this ! monroe it never get better than 35 ? Fucking kill I ! charlotte happy birthday ! they all drink . Monroe kiss Charlotte sloppily . minnie ( v.o. ) I wish I be in he arm . I wish I be in he bed . monroe ( raise he glass ) you be such a fuck good woman , Charlotte . you be beautiful , you be smart . ( more ) 58 40 . monroe ( cont 'd ) there be not enough woman like that in California . right , burt ? burt yep . andrea ( offended ) hey ! Monroe see minnie watch . monroe look at minnie over there . she 's such a good shit . you make that , Charlotte . come here , minnie . it 's my birthday . minnie do not go to he . Charlotte watch this , with a inkling of suspicion . monroe ( cont 'd ) ( raise he glass again ) minnie 's such a ... a... ( everyone pause , tense ) great kid . Monroe look fuck up . his eye be dilate and half open . minnie bolt . she throw the tiny present in the trash . ext . rich private high school - step - day 58 minnie sit on the school step , as student mill about she . two teenager make out nearby . minnie watch with little hesitation . minnie ( v.o. ) I have to say , I have almost completely forget about Monroe ... it 's like it never happen . she look at some of she fellow student , who ignore she . minnie ( v.o. ) I wonder if anybody love I that I do not know about ... Chuck skate up to minnie and sit next to she . he light up a cigarette . chuck hey minnie . Blue ( 12/17/2013 ) 41 . minnie hey , Chuck . chuck I hear you get put on academic probation and you might get kick out . minnie yeah . chuck bogue. minnie ( shrugging ) I be not really think about it . I want to be a artist anyway , and so school be essentially pointless for I . they sit in silence for a while . he smoke . across the lawn , minnie spot ricky wasserman get into he fancy sport car . chuck um - — minnie I will be right back . she jump up and head over to ricky . a few girl be just walk away as she approach . they glare at minnie as they go . ricky well , if it be not mon cherie . Chuck look on , disappointed . ricky ( cont 'd ) ( slyly ) what be you do right now ? minnie 's eye light up . smash CUT to : 59 60 61 62 42 . ext . ricky wasserman 's house - backyard - day 59 ricky dive naked into the extravagant blue pool , with perfect form . he come out glisten from the water , and look up at minnie who stand nervously , still clothed at the edge of the pool . the house behind she be a mansion : huge and pristine . ricky what be you wait for ? do not be scared . minnie think , and then peel off she top . minnie ( v.o. ) sometimes the beauty of a boy make I want to cry . int . ricky wasserman 's house - poolhouse - later 60 minnie and ricky hump in the poolhouse , amongst the blow - up pool - toy and towel . the sun glisten on ricky 's young body as he go at it , rabbit-style . minnie 's not into this . ricky look very pleased with he jackhammering , until minnie flip he over . she slow he down , control the pace like a pro , move she body with confidence . ricky be overwhelm . she be lead this dance , but do not notice he discomfort . she moan and scream out , like a grow woman . bird fly overhead , the tree rustle . minnie cum , ricky look uncomfortable , music crescendos and then silence . int . minnie 's house - live room - evening 61 minnie enter , she hair still wet from the pool at ricky 's . Monroe and Charlotte be curl up on the couch , Charlotte 's long leg bare and on display . minnie walk right past Monroe and he spot a small hickey on she neck . she pay he no mind , and strut into she room , pleased with herself . Monroe look after she , a little jealous . ext . rich private high school - STREET —- morning 62 minnie approach the front step of the school where ricky and arnie be post . minnie wave at ricky . he wave back , tentatively , and whisper something to arnie , turn away . a horn honk . minnie notice Monroe 's beat up car idling in front of the school . she glance to ricky and then go up to the car and stick she head in he roll down window . 63 Green ( 01/19/2014 ) 43. monroe come on , fat ass ! minnie be pleased , and get in the car , ricky look on . ext . marina - dock - later that day 63 minnie and Monroe walk along the dock , near a boat . minnie be antsy . monroe look at this day ! minnie be we gonna go to you place ? monroe I think you want to look at boat with I . minnie well , yeah I do . but then be we gonna go to you place ? monroe what be you ? some kind of nympho or something ? minnie no ! fuck you . you be so disgusting ! she push he . he laugh it off . minnie ( cont 'd ) I do not know why you even bring I here . monroe do not get nervous in the service , kid ! we be just gonna take a look at this boat real quick . ( then , sheepishly ) you look really nice today . minnie what ? monroe you look pretty . and you be not fat . you know you have a great body . 64 Green ( 01/19/2014 ) 44 , minnie I do not . he lead she toward a boat , and a man , in he 60 and look it , come out of it . monroe ( quietly to minnie ) there he be . he look like a real sailor . man howdy . you the one call about the boat ? monroe that 's I . man take a look around . i’1l wait for you on the dock . Monroe help minnie onboard . i/e boat - cabin - moment later 64 minnie look around the tiny boat cabin . Monroe run he hand over the contour of the boat . monroe man this be a beautiful boat , do not you think ? minnie I guess . I like this little kitchen . Green ( 01/19/2014 ) 45 . monroe hey , want to take a trip around the world ? I would make you first mate ? he throw she a beer from he pocket . he pop one for himself and sit at the dinette . minnie ( suddenly interested ) like gilligan ? monroe like gilligan . i’1l put you to work in the galley . and we would get a cat for the ship . minnie it 's like a little house . ( then ) be you really go to get it ? monroe well , I kinda wish it be blue . minnie ( take this seriously ) yeah , I too . Monroe look out the window at the sea and be quiet . monroe but I really be gonna buy a boat . I just have to wait till my vitamin business take off . I be gonna build up a mail - order empire and then sell it and retire when I be 45 . then I 'il get my boat . become the captain of my own destiny . one day I will just sail away . I will not even say goodbye . to anyone . just leave ... he be pensive and beautiful . minnie kiss he . monroe ( cont 'd ) hey ! minnie what ? monroe what have I tell you ? minnie . we gotta lay low . ( more ) Green ( 01/19/2014 ) monroe ( cont 'd ) if you want to keep this thing up , you can not call so much attention to we . 45aa . yellow ( 01/16/2014 ) 45a. minnie I can do what I want . 46 . she pull on he belt . monroe Jesus , minnie . do not . minnie you afraid the sailor will hear we ? you chicken ? monroe ( take the bait ) oh. someone 's ask for it . be not you ? maybe you need to be restrain , huh ? he go for she , she run , bound over the little table . minnie do not touch I , you big fat lout . he grab she , and throw she over he shoulder , she kick , loving this . monroe ahh . yer get feisty , huh ? stop wiggling . I have get you . Monroe throw she onto the boat 's bed , pin she down . monroe ( cont 'd ) be that what you want ? that 's what you want , huh ? minnie squirm and scream , playfully . minnie ( playful ) help ! I be be rape ! Monroe cover she mouth with he hand . he stare at she , hold she down . she be loving this . she bite he hand . monroe ow. damnit . he pin she arm down , and start kissing she neck and stomach . minnie 's body quiver under he kiss . 65 66 47 . ext . marina - boat - continuous 65 the boat rock back and forth in the marina , while the owner of the boat nod off in a fold chair on the dock . CUT to : int . monroe' apartment — evening 66 minnie and Monroe lie in he bed , post-coital . Monroe be look at minnie 's notebook of drawing , while she wait for he response , wrap in he arm . monroe you should not really show this to people . minnie why ? monroe I mean ... it 's just gonna weird people out . it 's so ... freaky . ( then ) be they suppose to be sexy ? Monroe close the book , toss it off the bed . pause . monroe ( cont 'd ) so , who 's that boy ? minnie who ? you mean ricky wasserman ? monroe I guess . what be he , jewish ? minnie what ’dyou care ? monroe I gotta take you home . minnie no. monroe minnie . minnie no , no , no . I do not wanna go yet . 48. monroe minnie , it 's time . minnie but Monroe ... monroe ( mimick ) but minnie ... minnie why be you try to get rid of I ? monroe oh my god . minnie slip out of the bed . minnie it 's not fair . I never see you . I be not leave . I be gonna run down the hall completely naked . I bet you neighbor will see I . she make a dash for the door , and Monroe , also somewhat naked jump up after she , slamm the door before she can get out . he grab she . monroe stop it , minnie . this be not funny . she kiss he , win he over . minnie Monroe , will you tell I about you parent ? monroe what ? no. minnie but you tell my mother everything about you life . please ? Monroe wriggle out of minnie 's grasp , walk away . monroe no . you be fuck hyper , minnie . I be take you home . Monroe start dress . 49 . minnie no. Monroe ! come back here . ( then ) hey . I say : come back here ! her shout stop he in he track . he turn to minnie , who stand naked and serious with she hand on she hip . she be a sight . he look at she like '' what ? '' . minnie ( cont 'd ) I think we need to talk about we relationship . monroe we do ? minnie I be serious . monroe I know you be . minnie do not laugh at I . monroe okay . minnie run to he , punch he hard . minnie do not laugh at I . Monroe contain she flail . minnie ( cont 'd ) do not - monroe hey . calm down . minnie get you hand off of I or - monroe yeah , or what ? minnie or I be gonna tell my mother ! pause . Monroe drop minnie 's shoulder , turn away . minnie ( cont 'd ) what ? yellow ( 01/16/2014 ) 50 . monroe do not . minnie you can not take it ? monroe get dress , minnie . minnie no . monroe I be take you home . minnie what ? monroe you ruin it . you be a fuck child , minnie . I should tell you mother . minnie go ahead ! monroe maybe I will . maybe I will , minnie . you think you can manipulate I like that ? what be you try at ? huh ? you be not suppose to do that , not you . not you . fuck . he explode , and storm off . there be a long pause . minnie have start cry . eventually , Monroe notice . monroe ( cont 'd ) oh , god . he take a deep breath , and go to she . he wrap she into a reluctant hug . she sob on he shoulder . minnie I hate you . monroe no you do not . minnie yes I do . I hate you more than anything . 67 68 yellow ( 01/16/2014 ) 51 . Monroe rock with she , while she cry . monroe well . I like you . minnie cry . ext . san francisco - BAY 67 Shots of San Francisco , in all its beauty . int . minnie 's house - bedroom - day 68 c/ U on minnie 's face , almost scream . be she upset or excited ? minnie ( v.o . ) fuck Monroe . he be too old for I anyway . it be kinda sick , if you think about it . dirty old man . wide out , minnie and kimmie be dance , jump on the bed , and sing at the top of they lung along to the Rolling Stones . minnie / kimmie ( sing ) but baaaaabyyyy baby .... minnie do a jump -kick off of the bed . kimmie flip she hair around . minnie / kimmie ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) I do not need no jewel in my crown . yellow ( 01/16/2014 ) 52 . kimmie pick up the album cover and start lick the picture of Jagger on the cover . kimmie minnie - look at I ! look - she lick the crotch of the album . minnie ewwww ! what be you do ? kimmie oh my god ! I swear I feel Mick Jagger 's dick . minnie you gotta try this . just lick he dick right through he pants - try it ! it really feel like there 's something there ! minnie take the record , and skeptically lick . minnie oh my god ! it do feel like he have a dick in there . ohhh . and it 's hard too ! kimmie turn the music down and plop on the floor . kimmie I would suck Mick Jagger 's dick . minnie really ? do not he seem a little gay to you ? kimmie what ? no ! he 's androgenous . it 's hot . kimmie reach for a joint and relight it . she inhale . they pass the joint between they . kimmie ( cont 'd ) I be not gonna see you for like three week . Blue ( 12/17/2013 ) 52a . minnie shit . kimmie will you write to I while I be visit college back east ? minnie pull a package of letter out from she desk drawer . minnie I write you a few letter so you can space they out during you trip . kimmie thanks ! kimmie hug she . minnie lie back , get stone . kimmie ( cont 'd ) what ’dyou think you be gonna do ? minnie about what ? kimmie College ? 53. this hit minnie . minnie I have no idea . kimmie oh hey . you know that mix couple I baby - sit for ? ( minnie shake she head ) well anyway , the dad , Marcus ? be black - minnie God , I love black guy . they look so tough and they always smell so gutsy . kimmie I give he blow - job all the time . minnie no way . kimmie yeah . he come home from bowl early , while he skinny white wife be still out with she girlfriend and I suck he dick until tear come to my eye . I have to put vaseline all over my lip because he dick be so big it feel like my mouth be go to rip at the corner . minnie what ? wait , how big be it really ? kimmie motion about eleven inch , and thick . she and minnie laugh . kimmie he want to screw I but I be way too scared . minnie 's mind be blow . minnie ( v.o. ) and now , the make of a harlot . begin imagining : 69 70 71 pink ( 01/08/2014 ) 54 . ext . san francisco - day 69 a comic San Francisco . the Golden Gate Bridge peek up out of the fog in small pyramid . cartoon minnie , fifty foot tall slouches as she traverse the hilly landscape in large giantess step . minnie ( v.o. ) she be a young girl drive astray by the lustful lure of the flesh . intercut with : i/e. ricky wasserman 's car - outside ricky 's house - night 70 minnie and ricky be about to have sex in he car . CUT back to : animate minnie pick up a tiny animated ricky wasserman from the street , and hold he in she fist , like King Kong . minnie ( v.o. ) she look every bit the harlot she be bound to become , with she brassiere strap expose , with she tight pants that ride up snugly at the crotch , almost like a horse , when view from behind . he be a beautiful junior , rich and famous in high -school . his name ? ricky wasserman . what be he , jewish ? intercut with : i/e. ricky wasserman 's car - outside ricky 's house - night 71 ricky stop they . minnie what ? ricky you be just so ... intense . minnie be shame . CUT back to : animate ricky squirm in minnie 's animated giant hand . 72 73 goldenrod ( 02/02/2014 ) 55 . animated ricky ( in a small , squeaky voice ) «+. there 's something about have sex with you that scare I , minnie . you be just so passionate . minnie ( in a deep '' giant '' voice ) what ? animated ricky ( squeaky ) I mean , I just have never experience someone who have sex like that . animate minnie 's eye fill with tear . intercut with : i/e. ricky wasserman 's car - outside ricky 's house - night 72 minnie slam the door to he car , run from it . CUT back to : animate minnie throw tiny ricky to the ground , and stomp off to the hill with she head down , cry like a sad giant . end imagining : minnie slam she notebook shut on a draw of a sad giant minnie in the city . she stick she notebook in she bag , and run off . int . minnie 's house - the live room - continuous 73 minnie enter , with tear stain cheek , to find Charlotte sprawle on the floor of the apartment , the record player skip . she look dead . minnie mom ?! minnie run to she mom , terrify , shaking she . Charlotte eventually stir , just as andrea emerge from the kitchen , joint in she mouth , put on a record , unaware . charlotte minnie 's home ! goldenrod ( 02/02/2014 ) 56 . Charlotte pull minnie down to the ground , snuggling with she . andrea start dance to the disco song . charlotte ( cont ’d ) my little girl , girl , girl ! be not minnie so pretty , andrea ? andrea yes ! she look like a little doll . Charlotte hold minnie 's face , look closely at it , and kiss she on the lip . andrea dance , pull Charlotte up off the ground and away from minnie . minnie watch as Charlotte and andrea dance together . andrea ( cont 'd ) come here , minnie ! I wanna dance with you ! she pull minnie up from the floor . Charlotte and andrea , flanking minnie on either side , start '' bump '' minnie 's hip back and forth . minnie look between the two of they , laugh and loving be bounce back and forth . minnie ( v.o . ) my mother do not touch I much if she can avoid it . she use to touch I a lot , in a motherly way , when I be little . but then : flashback to : many year earlier Charlotte sit at pascal 's foot while he read the paper , eerily similar to the photo of they . pascal there 's something sexual about minnie 's need for physical affection from you . it 's not natural . CUT back to : the lady be laugh , still dance around . minnie be loving this . andrea let 's send minnie out to get we more wine . charlotte we finish it already ? + ff hhh + eh goldenrod ( 02/02/2014 ) 56A . minnie ( laugh ) how long have you be home ? andrea look nervous . Charlotte stop dance , but the music continue . minnie ( cont 'd ) I think you be work late . the spell be break . charlotte well I get fire from the library today , so I be not work late . okay ? do that make you happy ? Charlotte exit , mutter under she breath . minnie feel awful . andrea ( on she way out , after Charlotte ) do not worry about it , sweetie . it 's not you . minnie be crush . the disco record play on but nobody be dance . +e hf ff * % 74 Blue ( 12/17/2013 ) 57 . int . beatnik coffee house - day 74 minnie and gretel walk into the snobby coffee shop , fill with college student and professor . they look around . pascal wave they over to he tiny table . minnie and gretel approach . he 's not french , but he wish he be . pascal bonjour . minnie bonjour , pascal . gretel hi. pascal put out he hand for a shake . minnie and pascal have a awkward greeting : a sort - of hand shake with a hug tack on . pascal no . do not you remember how I teach you to shake hand ? you do it firmly . look directly into the other man 's eye , think to yourself ' I be better than you , you son-of - a-bitch 's . minnie let this sink in . she say with she eye : I be better than you , you son-of - a-bitch . gretel lemme 's try ! she take pascal 's hand open she eye wide , almost crazy . pascal bravo . he pat gretel on the back . the three sit . pascal have three coffee ready . he sip he . pascal ( cont 'd ) I do not see you two enough . that much be evident by you handshake . gretel I be suppose to be at my friend 's house by 3 . just so you know , pascal . pascal gretel , call I dad . please . gretel jeez. okay . pascal I be glad you finally reach out . it line up nicely with a trip to my publisher . pascal look around the coffee shop . pascal ( cont 'd ) I forget how many eccentrics there be in San Francisco . minnie you have only be go for a year . pascal feel like a lot longer . look at you young lady . you look older . how 's school ? minnie / gretel Fine . pascal ( to minnie ) how 's you pal , kimmie ? minnie you always ask about she . be she my only friend whose name you can remember ? pascal what ? no . I just know she parent . they be good people - minnie she 's visit college . she 's in Boston then I think she 's go to New York next week . pascal that 's good . you should be think about the same thing . you have get a good head on you shoulder minnie . I imagine you may be a writer one day . a penniless , but certainly absorb occupation . and how be you mother ? minnie um , she 's do really well - 58 . 59 . gretel she get fire . minnie gretel ! gretel what ? pascal she what ?! minnie she get laid off . it be not she fault . pascal Girls , what you may not understand about you mother , be she be and have always be incapable of take responsibility for she own life . minnie do not talk about we mom like that , please . gretel yeah , pascal . do not talk about we mom , please ! pascal dad ! and - okay , can we stop the inquisition ? gretel I be gonna see if they have iced tea . I hate coffee . pascal you know , I be not the bad the guy here . just because you mother and I no longer share a marital bed - minnie oh my god , gross . pascal lean in to talk seriously to minnie . pascal you have to understand - it 's difficult to go from raise you and you sister to barely have a say in you decision . minnie whose choice be that ? pascal well , if you must know , it be you mother 's . this be news to minnie . there 's a long pause . pascal ( cont 'd ) not to say I be without fault . you mother become increasingly frightening to I in some sense . she do not live life accord to rule I understand . minnie pascal - do you really want to help ? pascal I do . I really do . minnie because , mom do not have a job anymore , and she 's look for another one but ... we kinda do not have any money . pascal let out a big sigh . pascal ah . minnie she do not know I be ask you . pascal I get it . you be try to help . but neither of we can help she , minnie . not really . minnie well , five hundred dollar - pascal I mean , really help . minnie that 's bullshit . you could help if you care about we . 75 yellow ( 01/16/2014 ) 61 . pascal hey . I care about you , minnie . I care about you well - be . that be why I be pay for that rich hippie school of yours . minnie no , you just want to be able to tell everyone that you step - kid be good at science or something . you do not care about I . she start to tear up . pascal this conversation be close . you be get emotional . minnie Fine . they sit in silence for a moment . gretel return to the table , unaware . pascal if you mom want something from I , she need to ask I herself . gretel ask you what , pascal ? pascal dad ! for fuck 's sake . he quiet down when he realize everyone be look at he . int . minnie 's house - the live room - later that day 75 minnie enter , leave the front door open , surprised to see Monroe on the couch . minnie what be you do here ? monroe you forget this . Monroe throw minnie she sweatshirt , which hit she in the face . Monroe smile until he notice that pascal have appear in the doorway , behind minnie . yellow ( 01/16/2014 ) 61a . pascal ( suspicious ) be Charlotte home ? 76 62 . monroe no , sir . minnie watch , unsure of what to do . pascal ( to minnie ) tell she to call I . minnie nod . pascal look toward Monroe and then minnie . he exit , suspicious . ext . polk STREET - day 76 minnie walk down the street , which be fill with all kind of misfit - homeless kid , hippie , tranny . she walk slowly and look everyone in the eye . she be not afraid . minnie ( v.o . ) dear Diary . I do not go to school today . I do not want to see superficial ricky wasserman . minnie keep walk , slowly . like a dream , suddenly the animated version of aline kominsky walk along side of she - grotesque and beautiful at the same time . minnie I feel so awkward and ugly and naive and lonely . animated aline kominsky I know how you feel . minnie and I have no friend . I do not want to go to school ever again . nobody love I . maybe I should kill myself . she glance at aline for she opinion , and then keep walk . animated aline kominsky Nah , alienation be good for you art . minnie maybe I should paint a picture . I should paint a picture . they keep walk . 77 63 . animated aline kominsky it do not matter what kind of art you do . it will be intense and expressive . just do it . minnie I want to discipline myself to draw every day . that 's what I have to do , right ? aline nod . minnie ( cont 'd ) I get distract sometimes . overwhleme by my all - consume thought about sex and man . I always want to be touch . I do not know what 's wrong with I ... animated aline kominsky I do not know either . maybe you be a nympho . ( aline laugh ) I be fuck with you . nothing 's wrong with you . everybody want to be touch . minnie look towards aline whose boob grow larger like balloon . minnie lock eye with a beautiful , young lesbian , tabatha , 17 , across the street , smoking . she look dangerous . she blow minnie a kiss , seductively . minnie shiver . minnie oh my heart . could I ever love a girl ? a car cross between they , and the girl be go . minnie look to aline , but she be also go . minnie ( v.o . ) .-.- I be seriously consider run away . my mother be get worse . int . minnie 's house - the live room - day - continuous 77 Charlotte and andrea be clean the house , frantically . 78 79 64 . minnie ( v.o. ) Mom and andrea get some coke from Michael Cocaine and it give they the energy to clean the house all day today . int . minnie 's house - bedroom - continuous 78 minnie lie on she bed talk into she tape recorder . the vacuum be audible from the other room . Charlotte pop she head in the door , and minnie hide the recorder under she pillow . charlotte ( speedy ) hon . we be make dinner . pea , hotdog , grill cheese , omelettes , and roll so far . what 's you favorite type of pasta ? wait , what be I talk about ? macaroni ! I '11 make macaroni ! she leave in a flurry . minnie pull out the tape recorder . minnie ( into mic ) I bet I ‘'1l listen to this Diary in a decade or so , if I be still alive . reminisc over my wild teenage - hood . maybe I ’1l1 even let my husband hear . but he may get too jealous . minnie press stop , and take the tape out of she cassette recorder . she place it carefully in a shoebox under she bead , and pull out a new cassette tape . CUT to : int . minnie 's house - the live room - day 79 Charlotte sort the mail . she come across a envelope from pascal maccorkill in New York City . she open it - a check for a thousand dollar . she celebrate silently to herself . begin super 8 footage montage minnie 's Pov : 80 81 65 . int . minnie 's house - the live room - night 80 - Charlotte and she friend party in the smoke- fill room . kimmie sip a drink and watch , curious . - Charlotte play guitar while stoney burt sway alongside she . she look beautiful and happy . - Charlotte be pass out on the couch . a few partier do coke off the coffee table , while more people dance . minnie and kimmie each snort a line with Monroe . - minnie and kimmie dance seductively while Monroe watch . the party continue . smashcut to : int . diner - morning 81 minnie sit in a booth sip coffee . she look wreck , and jittery . minnie ( v.o. ) what we do get I sick , it 's so pornographic . somehow kimmie and Monroe and I end up have a three - some . it be disgusting . minnie close she eye . Quick flashback : kimmie , minnie and Monroe entangle by the washer and dryer , naked limb everywhere . kimmie and minnie kiss while Monroe watch . minnie sip she coffee . minnie ( v.o. ) the sexual nature of kimmie minter be a viscous cervical mucus that always welcome mate . her leg shake . the clang of silverware be too loud . people be chew grotesquely . she fiddle with she spoon . minnie stare into she coffee cup and pour in some cream which blossom in the brown liquid . kimmie emerge from the bathroom with a brush and make - up in she hand , that she toss into she bag . kimmie do she bring my waffle yet ? minnie not yet . 66 . kimmie sip she coffee . kimmie I be starve . ( then ) so , where do Monroe go this morning ? minnie EST . it 's this personal growth workshop thing he 's do all weekend in Sacramento . kimmie ha . that 's hilarious . minnie he 's try to better himself . I think it 's noble . you do not understand he . kimmie minnie - minnie you do not . it 's not you fault . I mean , I know you try . but he 's tough to get to know . he do not let many people in . kimmie look , you do not have to be worried . just because of what happen . it be just a one time experience . it 's no big deal . minnie I know . kimmie I do not love he or anything . ( then ) I mean , not that you love he ... minnie be quiet . the waitress bring minnie fry egg and toast and kimmie she waffle . kimmie start eat immediately . minnie be strike with a think . minnie I love Monroe . I do . kimmie oh. okay . 82 83 Blue ( 12/17/2013 ) 67 . minnie and kimmie eat in silence . minnie ( v.o. ) sometimes I watch Monroe while he sleep and I feel so much love for he , that it feel like my heart might burst . minnie eat . the yolk of she egg form into heart . kimmie so ... we be meeting up with Chuck later , right ? int . minnie 's bedroom - night 82 it 's dark . there be no light . a phone ring . minnie 's voice ( sleepy ) hello ? monroe' voice minnie ? it 's Monroe . minnie 's voice Monroe ? how 's EST ? monroe' voice I kinda get arrest for drunk drive . minnie 's voice what ? she turn on a small light , illuminate a corner of the room . minnie sit up with the phone press to she ear , worried . intercut with : ext . lonely STREET - payphone - continuous 83 Monroe stand at the payphone on the side of the road , without he shoe . monroe ( drunk , into phone ) and I do not have any shoe on , or have my wallet . but do not ... do not ... do not worry - the policeman be really nice to I . ( more ) Green ( 01/19/2014 ) 68 . monroe ( cont 'd ) he let I ride around in the cop car , chase bad guy until I sober up . be not that wild ? I just have to tell you about it minnie yeah . intercut with : 84 int . minnie 's house - bedroom - continuous 84 monroe' voice ... I know you would be the only one who would appreciate it . minnie ( into phone ) uh huh . monroe' voice can you just talk for a little bit ? I want to hear you voice . minnie be touch , she hug the phone to she chest . minnie ( v.o. ) he love I . CUT to : 85 int . minnie 's house - hallway - day 85 raise voice can be hear from Charlotte 's bedroom . through a crack in the door , Monroe and Charlotte be fight . monroe what ? you be not take he seriously , be you ? charlotte maybe you have already sleep with she , have you ? minnie tip -toe down the hall , toward Charlotte 's crack door . she stop , listen to Monroe and Charlotte fight . Green ( 01/19/2014 ) 68a . monroe what ? be you crazy ? she 's a fuck kid . Green ( 01/19/2014 ) 69 . minnie instinctively drop to the ground , to get a better listen . through the crack in the door , she get glimpsis . charlotte she may be just a kid , but she 's get tit and ass . I think you can see that as well as I can . Monroe go close to Charlotte , touch she arm . minnie wince . monroe pascal need to have the fuck shit kick out of he . why do you think he would say something like that ? he do not want you to be happy . he can not stand the fact that you have move on . charlotte you be so full of shit , Monroe . I have see you stare at she tit ! monroe what ? I do not even know if she have tit . maybe she do , maybe she do not . I have never look . I be probably look at you tit and you get confuse . minnie look like she might throw up . monroe ( cont 'd ) come here . drink you drink . minnie crawl closer , so she can see Monroe and Charlotte on the bed . Monroe feed Charlotte she drink . monroe ( cont 'd ) good girl . do not let little Mr. phd manipulate you . you be a strong woman who do not take shit from anyone . come on . charlotte yeah . uh-huh . he whisper in she ear . Green ( 01/19/2014 ) 70 . monroe you be a strong beautiful woman . with the sexiest ass in San Francisco and long leg . charlotte yeah ? monroe look at you . what else could I possibly want ? this work . Charlotte let Monroe kiss she neck . charlotte she better not be fuck pregnant . I have kid way too early - I know . monroe sh-sh - shut up . charlotte her boob be grow like crazy . minnie look down at she chest , somewhat pleased . monroe listen to I - this be all in you head . charlotte be it ? monroe yes ! she soften . charlotte I guess it be a little crazy . pascal just say - monroe shhh . I do not want to even hear he name . he 's jealous of what we have . hey - charlotte yeah ? monroe I nil show you whose tit I be lookin’ at . 86 87 yellow ( 01/16/2014 ) 71 . minnie watch as he caress she breast , and kiss she passionately . Charlotte giggle . minnie ( v.o. ) I hate Monroe . he seem really gay and kind of wash out . CUT to : i/e . monroe' car - by the water - night 86 Monroe and minnie be park , look out over the bay . minnie be cry quietly . monroe she 's beginning to suspect . you make it so obvious . minnie look at he in shock . monroe ( cont 'd ) I be only human , whether you realize it or not , and I have feeling . this be not easy for I either . but I know how to keep thing in check , not let it go too far . and you do not . I be afraid you be go to end up get hurt . better to end it now . minnie be crush . intercut with : int . minnie 's house - bathroom - night 87 minnie be in the bath , stare up , cry angrily , with make - up run down she face , enjoy the misery somewhere . minnie ( v.o. ) everything be so loveless and mediocre . suddenly there be a knock at the door . minnie drop she cry entirely . minnie what ?! gretel ( 0.s ) minnie , be you okay ? 88 89 90 yellow ( 01/16/2014 ) 72. minnie leave I alone , fuck face ! she resume she cry as though she never stop . intercut with : i/e . monroe' car - by the water - night 88 minnie cry . monroe I know how you feel , I do . I know it 's painful now , but it will get better . I have be in love once myself . and I know it hurt . Monroe pull minnie close so she can cry on he shoulder . he kiss she , just to comfort she . but then they start make out . intercut with : int . minnie 's house - bathroom - night 89 minnie in the bath , still cry as only a teenager can . throw she head back and cry for all of she pain and all the pain that 's ever be feel by anyone . minnie ( v.o. ) I hate man . I hate they sexuality unless they be gay or asexual or somehow different from the man I have know . she take a sip from a gin and tonic she have on the ground next to the bathtub . she cry . intercut with : ext . monroe 's car - by the water - night 90 minnie and Monroe be make out . she go for he belt , he stop she . minnie ( v.o. ) I hate man but I fuck they hard hard hard and thoughtlessly because I hate they so much . I hear myself and it sound so stupid . ( more ) yellow ( 01/16/2014 ) 722. minnie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it be clear that I bring horror upon myself because I be a idiot . monroe no . we can not , minnie . 91 Green ( 01/19/2014 ) 73. minnie I want to . monroe we be not go to have sex . it 's not fair to you . minnie kiss he . Monroe kiss she , he can not help it . they make out . Monroe guide minnie 's head gently down toward he dick . intercut with : int . minnie 's house - bathroom - night 91 minnie be sink into she tear , which fill the tub . minnie ( v.o. ) I hate myself and I hate he . I want to die ! suddenly minnie dunk she head under and time slow down . she open she eye and look up through the water and see tree surround she tub . her hair spiral around she . her mouth open and she scream out , silently . minnie ( v.o. ) and from this wretch body I speak say it will be different when I die . when I die I would like to die by drownation in the gange River . the bathroom morph into the jungle and the bath become the dark gange River . minnie plunge down , fall deeper into the water , imagine she glorious death . minnie ( v.o. ) I will depart this heaving pulsate vessel . there it will lie , to be consume by the earth . by some raven or a hippopotamus . minnie be drown , deep in the dark water . sinking lower and lower . River plant wrap around minnie 's neck and limb , pull she toward the bottom . she struggle . minnie ( v.o. ) my heart beat wildly my eye fight the close lid . ( more ) yellow ( 01/16/2014 ) 73a . minnie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) a fly settles on the water . I do not take a breath . I sink , the water consume I . 92 93 74 . the sky open up and thunder and lighting strike . rain pour down . minnie sink deeper into the river water , settling on the bottom . her eye begin to close , she scream out . minnie ( v.o . ) my heart fight and be freed ina mute scream . all my love encase in bubbles that rush to the surface , and burst . minnie have die on the bottom of the gange river . end imagining : int . rich private school - classroom —- day 92 it 's a new day . minnie sit in a classroom , visibly upset and exhaust . ricky sit a few seat away , and avoid minnie 's stare . Chuck sit next to she . she draw a picture of she face - fuck up and ugly , scream , die in the gange . chuck ( whisper ) psst . what 's wrong ? minnie ( under she breath ) nothing . Chuck look at she . he care so much . chuck ( whisper ) can I do anything ? minnie shake she head . they go back to listen to the teacher . but then she tap he on the shoulder . minnie ( whisper ) actually ... do you still have that acid you get from you brother ? minnie ( v.o. ) sometimes you just have to do something ... ext . school - day 93 minnie run down the empty school step , past a tree , which be decorate for Christmas on the front lawn . she be cut school . 94 Green ( 01/19/2014 ) 75 . minnie ( v.o. ) ... be brave than you feel . I refuse to be some snivelling cry - baby . I be a fuck woman , and this be my life . int . monroe' apartment build - hallway - afternoon 94 minnie pound on Monroe 's door . finally , Monroe open it , sleepily with no shirt on . minnie push he . minnie I be go insane and it 's you fault ! Monroe yawn , and move back into the apartment leave the door open for minnie . monroe okay . we need to talk , I get it . ( then ) can we take a nap , though , first ? minnie it 's not just up to you . I have a say in this too , and I do not accept it . monroe I know - I hate see you like this . it make I feel shitty . let I just sleep for a hour . then we can talk about all of this . please ? just as friend . no funny business . I swear . he give minnie he puppy - dog eye , pull she down on the bed . minnie ( quiet , not convincing ) this be my life - she squirm a little , and then relax . it 's silent . Green ( 01/19/2014 ) 76 . monroe sleep . go to sleep . minnie relax a little and they both close they eye . they be silent . monroe ( cont 'd ) do you fuck anyone this week ? minnie 's eye crack open . minnie why do you care ? monroe well , you have not be call I , so you must be get it from somewhere . minnie ( lie ) well . I do meet this guy at the movie . this ... black guy , with a huge dick . monroe ( turn on ) mmm. yeah ? what happen ? minnie ( go with it ) he ... fuck I in the back of he car . Monroe start push up against she , under the cover . monroe you let he fuck you ? just like that ? minnie yeah . I want it . monroe some stranger come up to you and you just let he fuck you ? you better be careful little minnie . you could end up fuck some weirdo or a killer . Monroe stop himself , reluctantly : Green ( 01/19/2014 ) 716a . monroe ( cont 'd ) oh man . if we make love , would it screw you up ? tell I the truth . 95 yellow ( 01/16/2014 ) 77 . minnie shake she head . minnie I will not get attach . I promise . Monroe kiss she , resume right where he leave off . monroe oh , minnie . oh. minnie ( v.o. ) Monroe look at I and sometimes he eye glisten softly . this be it . this be love , right ? minnie look deeply into Monroe 's eye , search . he cum . outside the window , time pass . Day turn to night . Inside minnie and Monroe put the acid on they tongue . int . monroe 's apartment - night 95 minnie stare at she hand . they be normal hand , but she be fascinate . she wiggle she finger . minnie this be incredible . I see ... everything . minnie 's Pov : her hand be cover in feather . she wiggle she finger . minnie ( cont 'd ) I always know it . she start to flap she wing . they be large pink flamingo wing . she lift up off of the bed , hover . she swirl and twirl in the air , bath in a beautiful pink light . monroe' voice no . do not do that ! get back on my foot toe . minnie fall to the bed , feather sloughing off . minnie ( taste the word ) toe ? toe . Monroe , appear as if from nowhere , yell out at the wall . yellow ( 01/16/2014 ) 78 . monroe toe . my toe be run up that wall like little monkey . suddenly Monroe jump across the room . Monroe knee . minnie light , Monroe Monroe Monroe minnie and be monroe ( cont 'd ) minnie , come here . jump to the other side of the room , drop to he monroe ( cont 'd ) minnie , get off the bed . start get draw toward Monroe out of she pink almost against she will . minnie I like the bed . call to she from the darkness below . monroe no no no . it 's level with the window and that could kill you . start to cry . monroe ( cont 'd ) come here , come here , come heeeerrrrre . cry , reach out to minnie . monroe ( cont 'd ) please , please . why will not you ? reach Monroe on the floor . he have roll into a ball rock and cry . minnie put she arm around he . he stop rock and grab at she . monroe ( cont 'd ) why do not you love I ? minnie what ? 96 yellow ( 01/16/2014 ) 79 . monroe minnie . come on . I love you . I love you . minnie I love you . monroe why do not you love I , though ? minnie I love you though . I love you . monroe why be this happen ? no . minnie cradle he , and rock he . minnie I love you . monroe I need you , minnie . I need you to take care of I . do you still love I ? do you ? minnie yes , I love you . Monroe cry in minnie 's lap , mutter '' I love you '' over and over again . reality resume . minnie ( v.o. ) he be afraid and weak . I feel distant and confuse . a kind of perverse pleasure . because I would finally get what I have want from Monroe , but now I have no desire for it . int . monroe' apartment - bathroom - the next morning 96 minnie sit on the close toilet fully clothed , fill with regret . what just happen ? Monroe be in the shower , happy . his voice echoe in the bathroom , as he lather . monroe you know , if you can hold on and keep it together , we could really date when you turn eighteen . that 's not that far away . minnie think about this and know she do not want it . 97 Green ( 01/19/2014 ) 80. monroe ( cont 'd ) I might even have my boat by then , if I play my card right . I already receive the first shipment of vitamin power tabs . they be fuck far out , by the way . they 's 11l sell themselves . actually maybe I 'il get some college student to start sell for I , so I can expand quick . if we push like 5000 unit a month , I 'il be able to retire in 2 - 3 year ... minnie jump up , get out of there . in the live room , minnie look around for she shoe . she grab they . she find she book bag , and then notice two dollar and seventy - five cent sit on the table by the bed next to Monroe 's wallet . she steal that and put it in she pocket . she leave as quickly as possible . ext . STREET - rocky horror theater - night 97 minnie and kimmie stand against a wall , under the glow from a street - lamp . kimmie do minnie 's eye make -up . they wear short skirt , with tight top . kimmie be very make up . minnie ( v.o. ) I can not believe it , but I be finally ready to get Monroe out of my life . kimmie I wish I have my darn eyelash curler . two man , one be ass -less chap , make out across the street passionately . minnie watch with one eye , while kimmie work on she other . minnie ( v.o . ) Men be sort of disgusting . how do I not notice this before ? I only like man who be gay , I think . kimmie this look so good . Chuck , and a young flame boy name frankie , 17 , who wear earring and a tight , short shirt , walk up . minnie ( v.o. ) maybe I can meet a nice girl .... yellow ( 01/16/2014 ) 80a . frankie oh , miss thing ! you girl look so elegant . I love you eye . minnie be flatter . minnie kimmie do we both . 81. kimmie I ' 1l do you frankie . you ’1ll look so hot . come here . frankie come and take minnie 's spot under the light . minnie what about you , Chuck ? you want to get a make-over ? chuck nope . Chuck sit on the step of a apartment and light a cigarette . minnie sit next to he , and they people watch . Rocky horror fan be gather around they . minnie ( quietly ) psst. Chuck , be frankie you boyfriend ? chuck shut up , minnie . you know I be not gay - a tranny , 40s , walk by and holler at frankie . tranny bitch , you look fine ! frankie ( call back ) thanks baby ! minnie ( to Chuck ) he 's beautiful , I would not blame you . kimmie do frankie 's eye , and give he a birthmark . kimmie you need some perfume . she start digging in she purse . chuck we should go soon , you guy . tabatha , the beautiful young lesbian that blow minnie a kiss before , cross in front of they with a group of butch dyke . 82 . minnie hey , I know that girl . she blow a kiss at I once . chuck who , tabatha ? minnie be that she name ? kimmie spray frankie with perfume . frankie stay away from tabatha , girlfriend . ( be : perfume ) ooh , be that '' Babe '' ? kimmie nod . kimmie I tell you about she , minnie . that 's that bad - news dyke . minnie she 's so beautiful , though . you think she 's go to Rocky horror ? frankie believe I , do not mess with she , minnie . I do not want to put she down because she 's my friend but she would fuck you ass up . Chuck , kimmie and frankie all look at minnie imploringly . minnie watch tabatha walk away . minnie I just say she be beautiful . jeez . 98 ext . rocky horror picture show theater - night 98 the marquee read '' the Rocky horror picture show - midnight show '' . 99 int . rocky horror picture show theater - bathroom - later 99 minnie push she way through crowd of man and woman enter and exite the bathroom . she come face to face with tabatha , who be lean up against the sink smoking a joint . 100 Blue ( 12/17/2013 ) 83. tabatha hey . minnie ( nervously ) hi. tabatha I know you . minnie yeah . tabatha smile . she be sexy . she hand minnie the joint . minnie take it . time stand still . the sound of Rocky horror can be hear in the background . tabatha you be tough . you a truck driver , or something ? minnie smile . Music swell . they silently pass the joint between they . tabatha move she face close to minnie 's as they smoke . minnie be mesmerize by tabatha . ext . dive bar - later 100 minnie and kimmie be high and drunk . they sit on the stool of the bar , drink and giggle . kimmie I can not believe you smoke pot with tabatha . she 's so disgusting . minnie you do not know she . she 's cool . kimmie notice two young man at the end of the bar watch they . they be each about twenty . kimmie ( call ) heya boy ! minnie turn to see . she be so stone . the boy wave . minnie oh , they be cute . kimmie I want they to buy I another drink . 101 102 Blue ( 12/17/2013 ) 84. minnie you think they would think we be prostitute ? minnie and kimmie laugh hysterically . kimmie that would be amazing . prostitute have all the fuck power . everybody know that . minnie I have be practice my hooker walk . watch . minnie hop off she stool , saunter over to the boy . she go right up to they , press she breast out as she do . kimmie can not make out what she 's say . minnie walk back over to kimmie , eye open wide but try to play it cool . kimmie what happen ? minnie I tell they it be five buck for we to suck they dick , or fifteen for the fuck of they fuck life . they be count they money . kimmie and minnie laugh , but try not to let the boy see . the boy discuss amongst themselves , and excitedly count they dollar in the background . int . dive bar - bathroom - later 101 the two boy lean up against either wall , get they dick suck . they make eye contact with each other , silently say '' I can not believe this be happen ! '' . minnie and kimmie be on they hand and knee , right next to each other on the filthy floor , suck they dick . they hold hand while do the deed . int . minnie 's house - bedroom - the next morning 102 minnie and kimmie be in bed , lie head - to - toe with each other , kimmie 's head at the foot of the bed . they have just wake up from they crazy night before and be both depressed , last night 's make - up still on they face . 85 . minnie I do not think we should have do that . kimmie I be just think the same thing . minnie sit up . minnie I feel weird and creepy about it . kimmie yeah . I do too . minnie maybe we should promise each other we will never do anything like that ever again ? kimmie agreed . kimmie put out she hand and they pinky swear . 103 int . minnie 's house - hallway - night 103 gretel post a hand -scrawl letter on minnie 's door . it read : minnie , you be such a retard . I know everything you have be do - smoking pot and be a slut with kimmie . I will never respect you . sign , gretel . 104 int . minnie 's house - bedroom - night 104 minnie examine herself in the mirror - she look tired , but have make - up on and be ready to go out . pascal ( v.o. ) dear minnie . you be go to be sixteen in a week or two ... minnie look at the picture that Monroe take of she - she turn it over , unattach . minnie give herself a last look in the mirror . 105 int . pascal 's house - live room - day 105 pascal sit write a letter at he grand desk . 106 107 108 Blue ( 12/17/2013 ) 86 . pascal ( v.o. ) sweet sixteen . on the doorstep of womanhood , of life ... ext . STREET - night - later 106 minnie meet up with kimmie on the street . they be both heavily make - up , look older than they do before . pascal ( v.o. ) ... I be sure you know that you always have a home in my domicile wherever it may be . no matter what . minnie and kimmie walk down the street arm in arm . they approach a apartment building and go in . int . pascal 's house - live room - day 107 pascal peer out of he window while he write . pascal ( v.o. ) New York be in its Winter season . the town be full of life : art , music , theater , book and literature ... int . squatter apartment - night —- continuous 108 minnie and kimmie enter into a wild , drugge - out party . people be shoot heroin , smoking , and snort everywhere you look . pascal ( v.o. ) I have dinner with you pal kimmie when she be touring college . she have she sight set on Sarah lawrence . very tough and competitive ... kimmie see a guy she know in the corner and go right for he , and snort a line from he table . pascal ( v.o. ) kimmie 's a very smart girl . straight a 's . I hope she make out all right . minnie see tabatha sit on a couch and approach she . 109 Blue ( 12/17/2013 ) 87. minnie sit with tabatha who offer she a hit of pot . minnie decline . she stare at tabatha , with wonder . int . pascal 's house - live room - continuous 109 over pascal 's shoulder we see he write the word '' I love you '' with quote around they . pascal ( v.o. ) I can not wait to see where you end up . '' I love you '' . pascal . ext . squatter apartment roof - later 110 minnie and tabatha sit on the roof look at the moon . the sky become a comic-book fantasy sky . the star twinkle . tabatha take minnie 's hand , smoke a joint with the other . tabatha you sure you do not want to smoke ? minnie I want to see with clear eye . tabatha smile , touch . tabatha you hand be hot . minnie pull she hand away , shyly . tabatha take it back . tabatha ( cont 'd ) I like it . you be alive . you have get blood in you vein . minnie look at she hand in tabatha 's , and at she arm . she notice track on tabatha 's arm . she pull away a little but tabatha do not let she . tabatha stroke minnie 's arm . tabatha ( cont 'd ) be you scared ? to try it ? minnie no . I be not afraid of anything . tabatha pink ( 01/08/2014 ) 88 . minnie I be not afraid of knife or handgun or poison or fire or rape or bondage or be kidnap or torture or even hypnotize and brainwash , like that Patty hearst girl . tabatha be you afraid of I ? minnie think this over . minnie a little . tabatha smile , and lean in . int . minnie 's house - kitchen - day 111 Charlotte know ! she gulp a gin and tonic and smoke a cigarette , fume . she be surround by minnie 's casette tape and drawing and photograph of Monroe , strewn all over the table . the front door open and shut with a slam . minnie come into the kitchen and go white when she hear the familiar crackle of she tape player . minnie 's voice ( from the cassette player ) we have sex by the washer and dryer - Charlotte stop the tape . charlotte how long have it be go on ? minnie what ? charlotte when do this start ? minnie Mom - gretel come in carry the cat . gretel what 's happen ? nobody say anything . 89 . gretel ( cont 'd ) minnie ? Mom ? what ? charlotte I say : how long , minnie ? minnie start to tear up . the two look stare each other down for a moment silently , and then Charlotte look away . charlotte ( cont ’d ) gretel , out ! gretel be terrify , run out with domino . minnie Mom - Charlotte stand , face away from minnie . charlotte who start it ? you ? minnie I really do not ... I do not know . charlotte I fuck know it . he be always so convincing and '' oh , I just be not guilty man '' and '' you be crazy '' . Fucking bullshit . ahhhhhhhh . Charlotte scream at the top of she lung . minnie feel awful , she start to crumble . minnie mama , I want to tell you ... charlotte yeah right . ( then ) I can not fuck look at you . Charlotte grab she purse and move toward the door . charlotte ( cont ’d ) stay here . Charlotte leave . the front door slam . minnie be leave with she diary tape strewn everywhere . 112 90 . int . minnie 's house - the live room - a hour later 112 all sound cut out . minnie look toward the front door - nothing . domino appear and snuggle up to minnie . minnie smother he . minnie everything 's wrong , stupid cat . she space out as she watch the black and white movie on the tv , it cut to commercial and suddenly change . begin imagining : cartoon minnie appear on the tv , in black and white . she be tiny and cry , sit on the curb of a street . animate aline kominsky take a seat next to minnie , pull out a cigarette and smoke it . animated minnie I have do it this time . animated aline kominsky I know it feel that way . but all be not lose . animated minnie ( through sniffles ) yes it be . I have fuck everything up . animated aline kominsky Nah - I bet you mom be tell off Monroe . she know he 's to blame . animate minnie start to cry harder . animated minnie I dunno . animate aline kominsky put she arm around she . animated aline kominsky she 'il probably come home and hug you and tell you it 's all go to be alright . animated minnie I use to imagine Monroe and I hugging each other and be warm in he bed and rest my head on he chest and hearing he heart beat . but it just never happen that way . 113 yellow ( 01/16/2014 ) 91 . animated aline kominsky well , real life be not really like that . but that do not mean that all be fuck . you be a good shit , minnie . you have get a lot go for you . you get a a in french . and you could write a illustrate cookbook if you want to . animate minnie look to animate aline desperately . animated aline kominsky ( cont ’d ) I wish you strength , little minnie . minnie ( to the tv ) be you my fairy godmother ? aline nod , look straight out to minnie on the couch . minnie ( cont 'd ) then you be just a figment of my imagination . you do not know . the tv go black . minnie sit alone . the phone ring . domino jump down from the couch . int . fern bar - later that night 113 minnie walk into the lounge- like bar , and find Charlotte and Monroe in a corner , sit around a candle - light table , drunk . they be talk quietly , until Monroe see minnie . monroe there she be . how ya doin 's there , kiddo ? minnie what be you do here ? charlotte minnie . Monroe here have something to tell you . monroe let 's just relax a bit , Charlotte . charlotte no . let 's get right down to it . monroe Fine . minnie - yellow ( 01/16/2014 ) 91a. Monroe shift in he seat . 92 . monroe ( cont 'd ) uh ... hmmm . okay . okay okay . you mother and I have be talk . and well , we be think . maybe you and I should get marry . I mean ... right ? minnie you be drunk ? monroe Nah . we get along pretty well , do not we ? charlotte that 's not the point , Monroe . you fuck my daughter , so you be go to marry she . minnie Mom ! charlotte he pork you , minnie . he pork you , and now he 's get to marry you . monroe shh . people be stare at we , Charlotte . charlotte oh , fuck you ! how many time do you pork she , Monroe ? how many , huh ? be it good ? minnie be you crazy ? stop say ' pork ! '. charlotte I be marry when I be about you age , minnie . monroe hey . I say I have marry she and I will . I be aman of my word . charlotte yeah . marry she . then you can fuck she all you want . minnie turn and run for the door . monroe hey , minnie - 114 93 . charlotte oh , just let she go , Monroe . push in to minnie 's face , down she throat : begin imagining : 114 we zoom down minnie 's throat , follow a animated minnie as she fall , down down down . cartoon minnie run though the San Francisco street . as she speed down a hill , she pass people she know , smoking a joint from one person , take a pill from another . she leave they in the dust as she run . minnie ( v.o. ) it 's not a light - up streetlight hazy darkness like most night ; it be a black crisp night and my eye be light headlight . cartoon minnie slip and slide down the hill of San Francisco , become part of the sewage and suddenly be suck into a drain in the street . she spin with the muck , around and around , she voice echoing with the sound of the city . minnie ( v.o . ) I have become nothing , finally . no home . no school . no money - shit . I do not have any money . she get spit out into a park in the presidio with a thud . ext . san francisco - the presidio - the middle of the nighm5 minnie , clearly fuck up , smashes a bottle on the ground . minnie , kimmie , frankie and Chuck smoke a joint and drink at the picnic table at the park . minnie fuck this city ! chuck yeah , fuck this city ! frankie fuck you both , I love it here . kimmie laugh as she take a drag off the joint . Blue ( 12/17/2013 ) 94 . kimmie I can not believe you actually run away . it 's so '' afterschool special '' . minnie I doubt she even know I be go . ( scream ) I hate it here . I can not wait to get the fuck out of here ! minnie scream into the wind , to the water and the Golden Gate bridge . minnie ( cont 'd ) ahhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!! ext . rich san francisco neighborhood - later that night 116 minnie , kimmie , frankie and Chuck stumble through the residential part of the city , which be mostly asleep . minnie be fuck up . Chuck keep she from fall as they walk . minnie ( to Chuck ) I be gonna move to New York , ya know . kimmie what ? no you be not . minnie I think I be go to move to New York . and finish high - school there . it 's a great place to be a artist . chuck be you serious ? minnie my step - dad life there , and I be so do with San Francisco . do not you think it 's a good idea ? chuck that would suck . I do not want you to move . minnie do not know what to say . kimmie look freak out . minnie what 's you problem ? kimmie minnie 95 . kimmie nothing . I gotta pee . I be gonna go pee on this person 's lawn . run into the bush , before anyone can respond . frankie oh she 's just decide she hate New York after she fuck some guy there when she be visit college . do not she tell you about that ? look confuse . suddenly minnie have a think , she run toward kimmie who be squatting in the bush . kimmie kimmie minnie kimmie minnie kimmie a little privacy , minnie ? minnie who would you fuck in New York , kimmie ? look up at minnie , dumbfounded . kimmie be you crazy ? minnie who , kimmie ? stare minnie in the eye and start to tear up . do too . minnie ( cont 'd ) ( pathetically ) really ? pascal ? pull she pants up . kimmie ( meekly ) it be not a big deal . I do not think you would care . slap kimmie hard across the face . kimmie scream out . kimmie ( cont 'd ) minnie ! that 's not fair . minnie Fair ? you fuck my step -dad ! a light turn on in the big house they be in front of . 96 . frankie 's voice come on , girl . kimmie he 's not really you step - dad anymore . you never even see he . minnie be you kid I ? kimmie he do not even call you when he come to California for Christmas . minnie he come to California for Christmas ? kimmie yeah . minnie how could you do this to I ? you be suppose to be my best friend . suddenly a old rich guy peek he head out the front door . it seem like this kinda thing happen all the time . old rich guy hey , no no no . this be not happen . you can not do this here . kimmie you know you be act really hypocritical . she push minnie . minnie and you be act like a slut . minnie push she back . frankie rush up , get in between . old rich guy can you guy do I a solid and just move you little fight down the block ? frankie shit , bitch . frankie hold the girl apart , who yell over he . 97 . kimmie I be a slut ? you be a fucking lesbian whore , minnie ! old rich guy there be other people in the world , you know . I be gonna have to call the cop . frankie stop it ! minnie she fuck my step -dad ! kimmie you fuck everybody ! include you mom 's boyfriend . that 's way worse ! minnie struggle to get away from frankie who be hold she back , storm off . kimmie ( cont 'd ) oh , fine , leave . go suck Monroe 's tiny dick , baby . minnie go fuck someone else 's dad ! Chuck run after minnie who be storming down the street . chuck hey , hey . be you alright ? minnie stop it , Chuck ! she take off quickly , he follow . chuck minnie ! what happen ? minnie leave I alone . chuck no ! I do not want to leave you alone . he grab she shoulder . Blue ( 12/17/2013 ) 98 . minnie let go of I , Chuck ! kimmie be a fuck bitch . chuck who care about she ? you be so much ... smarter and better than she . I never understand why she be you friend , anyway . minnie oh - I see how you look at she . you want to fuck she , like everyone else ! chuck no , I do not . how can you say that ? it 's so obvious that I like you . if I want to fuck anyone , it would be you - I be not say I wanna - shit . minnie do not stop walk quicbvkly but be throw . minnie well , then you be a idiot . I be fuck up . chuck no , you be not . you be amazing . minnie I be fuck up . I be ! I am ! you do not know anything about I . you do not know shit . just leave I alone , Chuck . fuck you , you minnie take off . he do not follow . he be so disappointed . int . lesbian house party - night 117 loud rock music . minnie move through the crowd , scan . minnie approach a group smoking . she see who she be look for . she beeline for tabatha , who spin around , surprised and happy to see minnie . tabatha hey truck driver . minnie kiss she hard . tabatha 's friend share a look . Blue ( 12/17/2013 ) 99 . lesbian house party - montage : 118 minnie and tabatha dance closely with each other , push up between the sweaty body . minnie dance hard , try to forget she life . tabatha touch minnie 's body as she move . tabatha and minnie snort a line , let the world fall away . tabatha and minnie make love . body part everywhere : curve , and delicate limb entwine . tabatha kiss minnie . int . mike 's apartment build - hallway - night 119 tabatha pull minnie , through the dirty hallway . minnie giggle , unaware . minnie who be Mike again ? tabatha my friend . you meet he last night . he 's cool . minnie be slow to a crawl , exhaust and move slow . she lean against a wall , stop . minnie he have so many stair . I want to go back to bed . tabatha lean into minnie , kissing she . tabatha we will , you cute little thing . we just be make this one stop . like we talk about , okay ? minnie oh . tabatha kiss minnie 's neck as she talk . tabatha Mike will not stop ask about you . so I say we have come by . he have really good ' lude . minnie oh great . tabatha you like that ? do not I know how to take care of my girl ? 100 . minnie ( smile at the reference ) yes . I be hungry though . tabatha kiss minnie , touch she face and body . tabatha everybody think you be sexy . you eye , and that ass . it 's a good thing I be not insecure . otherwise I might start feel all possessive and shit . minnie possessive of I ? tabatha yeah . with boy like Mike lust after you . but I know it 's not a big deal . I be not uptight , and you be not uptight , right ? minnie what 's not a big deal ? tabatha it will be so quick . Men be easy . over in a second . minnie act like she understand what tabatha be say . tabatha 's tone change : she 's desperate for a moment . tabatha ( cont 'd ) I need you to do this for I . you be go to do this , right ? for I , baby ? minnie yeah . tabatha and then we will have a great night , just the two of we . I and my girl ? you wanna make I happy , do not you ? minnie nod . tabatha kiss she again , relax . tabatha ( cont 'd ) good . you be do good . ( then , so charming ) I be fall hard for you , girl . tabatha lead minnie into the apartment . 120 121 Blue ( 12/17/2013 ) 101 . int . mike 's apartment —- continuous 120 the apartment be drab but fine . Mike , 25 and not horrible look , be in the kitchen fry something on the stove , with he shirt off . tabatha talk in whisper to Mike , while minnie sit on the couch , nervous . minnie look to they , plotting . tabatha ( call to minnie ) you hungry , baby ? we be gonna make you a grill cheese . minnie nod . tabatha and Mike keep talk in hushed tone . all sound cut out except the sound of minnie 's heartbeat . we push in on minnie 's face : scared and in over she head . tabatha look to she , and give a little wink . she can not move from this seat . she look to the door and back to tabatha . her eye fill with tear . how do she get here ? suddenly minnie beeline for the door . tabatha ( cont 'd ) hey - she run like she life depend on it , down the many step , into the street and down the block . ext . mike 's apartment build - continuous 121 minnie run and run , cry and shaking until she hit a corner with a phone booth , where she let out a wail . out of energy , out of idea , she slump down into the booth and close the door , crouching with nowhere to go . Cars drive by . the star be out . minnie be alone . she weep . minnie ( v.o. ) nobody love I . she curl up at the bottom of the phone booth . minnie ( v.o. ) maybe nobody will ever love I . maybe there be only a few people in the whole world who be actually love - the lucky fuck . and the rest of we walk through the world like ghost , with no one to see we or care about we . alone forever . 122 123 124 102 . over-use prostitute saunter up to car but get little action . kid sleep in dark doorway . minnie wimper . she be out of option . CUT to : int . minnie 's house - the live room - late night 122 minnie make a loud racket as she enter the house , knock over a lamp on she way in . minnie fuck . she wait , but nobody stir . she look around at she house - ashtray fill with cigarettes litter the dark apartment . int . minnie 's house - bathroom - continuous 123 minnie throw up violently in the toilet . she stand up , wiping she mouth barely . she drink from the faucet . she swing open the medicine cabinet and find one of she mom 's prescription bottle label '' vicodin '' . she pour they all into she hand . contemplate . she pop one into she mouth , put the rest back , and drop the bottle into she pocket . she close the cabinet and take a look at she fuck up face in the mirror . not like what she see , she swing the mirror away , almost break it . int . minnie 's house - bedroom —- moment later 124 minnie click on the light in she room . her bed be still unmade . a draw of Monroe that she do be pin on she wall . she rip it off , and kick some of she other belonging . she plop on she bed , then feel something under hear head on she pillow . it 's a letter address to she . she almost throw it on the floor , but then she open it . aline kominsky 's voice dear minnie . thank you for you letter . minnie stir , realize it 's from aline . 125 103 . aline kominsky '’s voice ( cont ’d ) it be refresh to receive a letter from a girl because most letter I get be from greasy fan boy who think that I be cute . I tend not to write back to they . keep draw that comic . keep draw anything you can . just keep draw . oh , and I use indian ink as well . Love , aline kominsky . minnie lie back - the weight of everything 's she 's go through hit she . she cry . this hurt so much . someone stir in the live room . gretel 's voice hello ? int . minnie 's house - live room - moment later 125 minnie peek out of she door and see gretel look around at the tip over lamp . gretel spot minnie and run to she , jump on she , knock they both to the ground . they hold each other . just then Charlotte come in the front door , in she big coat and hat . she look exhaust . Charlotte stare at minnie . minnie meet she eye , unsure of how she mom will react . Charlotte shake she head - she be at once relieved and angry . charlotte goddamnit minnie . minnie I be sorry . gretel hold onto minnie 's leg , not let go . Charlotte approach , slap she across the face , and then grab she into a big hug . charlotte do you know how worried we be ? we look for you everywhere . minnie you do ? charlotte of course ! I have be out all night . I have be out every night since you leave , look for you . I think you be dead . 104 . minnie collapse into she mother 's arm , relieved to be hold . they be silent for a long time . minnie cry . the sun start to rise . minnie I be sorry , mom , I be so - charlotte shhh . it 's alright , minute . it 's over . minnie cry in she mother 's arm , Charlotte cry too . minnie I want to tell you about Monroe , I really do - charlotte ( she can not take it ) stop it , no . minnie I - charlotte don 't. minnie look to she mom . Charlotte can not talk about this . charlotte ( cont ’d ) I do not want to talk about it . ever . you be home . it 's over . that 's all I care about . minnie see she mother clearly for the first time . denial be the only way forward . minnie okay . charlotte I gotta go to bed . Charlotte pat minnie 's face , exit to she room , exhaust . minnie look to gretel . it 's just they . like always . minnie I be hungry . gretel nod . 126 127 128 pink ( 01/08/2014 ) 105 . int . minnie 's house - kitchen - sunrise 126 minnie pull out a bowl , and bisquik . she beat some egg , and mix in the flour . she cook pancake , while gretel look on from the table . the sun come up out the window , as they eat . '' she '' by the misfit , about Patty hearst , play . video footage of Patty hearst surrender in pleasanton , CA in May 1977 , and be take into custody . the battle be over . ext . polk STREET - day 127 minnie walk down the street . time have pass , she look healthier . it 's a mirror of the open sequence but she 's go through so much . she pass people in the park , she look at they with wisdom in she eye . minnie ( v.o. ) do you ever go back to you preschool once you have get big and everything look miniature ? like the chair and the monkey bar - just much smaller than you remember ? she drop a letter in a mailbox . it 's address to aline kominsky . she see Chuck walk down the street hold hand with a girl . they make eye-contact for a brief moment . minnie wave . he nod . that 's it . minnie flip through the comic book in the store . she find a few she like . minnie keep walk down the street . minnie ( v.o. ) I know nothing 's change , but everything look totally different to I now . int . minnie 's house - the live room - later 128 minnie sit in front of the tv , draw while she watch . she flip through the channel until she come to the muppet show . at some point gretel come in and sit down on the floor with a box of cracker . fozzie be do a bit about ventriloquism . they sit watch together . minnie reach into the box and grab a cracker . the phone ring . minnie pick it up . 129 106 . minnie ( into phone ) hello ? pascal 's voice minnie - it 's pascal - minnie hang up . go back to watch tv with she sister . int . nightclub - night 129 minnie and Charlotte be in the crowded nightclub together . they cheer for the band , as they enter the stage . minnie look at Charlotte , so happy and drunk . minnie ( v.o. ) my mom and I be not the same species . it 's not she fault . she think she need a man to be happy . I do not . Charlotte whoops and holler for the band . minnie ( v.o. ) everything that 's happen with Monroe , and tabatha , and pascal and my mom have probably fuck I up somewhere deep in my soul . but maybe it be worth it because I have realize some thing : it 's not about who love you . it 's all about like yourself . just like yourself enough to keep live till the next day , and maybe the one after that . the guitarist from the band blow a kiss and Charlotte and she scream , lift she arm in the air . minnie ( v.o. ) my mom have a new boyfriend . he 's a unusually nice guy . I hope she stay with he for a while . Charlotte grab minnie , dance with she . she hand minnie she drink , but then add : charlotte but just a sip . Charlotte wink . minnie smile . she look to she mother - totally in she element . 130 131 Blue ( 12/17/2013 ) 107 . he mom whistle at the band , and dance , happier than we have ever see she . minnie whistle too . charlotte ( cont ’d ) if he friend ask , we be sister , okay ? minnie ( v.o. ) she 's not perfect , my ol 's mama , but she 's the only one I get . the band start up a song , minnie cheer . int . minnie 's house - bedroom - night 130 minnie sit on she bed , talk into she microphone . minnie ( into mic ) this whole time it 's feel like I be so precariously close to the edge , to the end ... but really , my life have only just begin . a song come on the radio that minnie like . she put down the microphone and dance like crazy , loving every moment ! ext . beach - running path - day 131 minnie sit on a low wall by the run path . she have a blanket laid out with xerox zine and drawing for sale . she talk to a tourist . minnie it 's fifty cent but if you buy two drawing or one draw and a zine , it 's 90 cent . but I do not actually have a dime , so it would end up be the same price . the tourist hand she two quarter , humoring she , and take a draw , walk away . minnie enjoy the sun . Monroe jog by , wear he jogging outfit . he see minnie , and stop , but keep jogging in place . monroe minnie . hi. minnie jump down . 108. minnie hi. monroe be you here alone ? minnie no , gretel 's with I . she go to find a bathroom . monroe oh . pause . minnie she have to pee . there be a awkward moment . minnie jog in place too . minnie ( cont 'd ) so ... you wanna buy a draw ? or a ' gine ? monroe oh . no money . jogging short and all . minnie here . take this one . you can give the fifty cent to my mom the next time you see she . Monroe look down at a small draw of a transvestite with a hairy chest . it 's beautifully draw . he hate it . Monroe smile awkwardly . it be evident he want to go . minnie ( cont 'd ) ( hold out she hand ) well , goodbye Monroe . he take she hand and shake it . she do not hate he . monroe Goodbye minnie . minnie ( while hold he hand ) I be better than you , you son-of - a - bitch . 132 pink ( 01/08/2014 ) 109 . they drop hand , and Monroe jog off , not sure of what to make of this . minnie be leave stand there with the water and sun behind she . ext . beach - later 132 minnie and gretel play in the water , chase the wave as they go out . minnie splashes gretel , who laugh and splashes she back . minnie ( v.o. ) this be for all the girl when the have grow . the sun glisten on the water as we pull away from the sister , who look like little girl play on the beach . minnie ( v.o. ) sign off , trusty Diary . Love , minnie goetze . G