the boy Pilot " the name of the game " teleplay by Eric kripke base on the comic by garth ennis and darick Robertson directed by Seth rogen and Evan Goldberg network draft 6 October 15 , 2017 copyright '' 2017 sony picture television inc . all rights reserved no portion of this script may be perform , or reproduce by any mean , or quote , or publish in any medium without prior consent of sony picture television inc . * 10202 West Washington boulevard * culver City , CA 90232 * the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 1 . the boy '' the name of the game '' fade in ... OPEN on comic book picture whirring past . Golden Age to modern Age . belove heroes you all know and love -- like soldier Boy , lamplighter , and most of all , the homelander . until the image coalesce into a block of text : vought studio present : then -- a SNAP of static take US to -- youtube . hand-held iphone video of a statuesque warrior ( queen maeve ) kick the shit out of a robber . now Queen maeve perp-walks the cuffed robber to the wait nypd . most notable be the crowd that 's gather around , cheer and chant she name . , a galaxy of phone flash , as everyone else record it , too . the chryon along the bottom : '' eyewitness footage of queen maeve in action ! '' which launch we into.a fast - pace firehose rush of image . tv , twitter , instagram , snapchat . a multi-facet , multi - media world -- but one thing unite we all : we love superheroe . E ! channel . video footage of the deep , a handsome - as-hell aquatic hero in a skin-tight suit , in Long Island , comforting a beach whale . bystander call out he name ( " deep ! deep ! '' ) as two .e! news anchors dish about he granite abs . SNAP ! a moody , Michael , bay-style image of the seven , the world 's most popular , superhero team . homelander , Queen maeve , the deep , the lamplighter , other . announcer ( v.o. ) the Seven . the great superhero team on the planet . ( then ) and now you can bring they home . collect all Seven commemorative glass from mcdonal -- SNAP ! it 's a Christian Channel . captain fantastic , on-stage in a megachurch . a big banner behind : '' cape for christ . '' adoring congregant clasp they hand in prayer . captain fantastic and it 's just a few short week to we incredible '' believe '' festival , where we give praise to the most powerful hero of they all , je -- ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 2 . continued : SNAP ! instagram . video take from the middle of a rambunctious crowd that 's way larger than the other we have see . police barely hold they back . shrieking for -- homelander ! head of the Seven and the world 's biggest superhero . if Tom hank , Tom Cruise and John Wayne all gang - bang . he wave from the red carpet of a unicef benefit . people go fucking bananas , shove against the cop . it 's like beatlemania . ' like 's for this instagram Post shoot into the stratosphere . finally -- a local news interview with a girl , 20 . she 's bawling she eye out . girl ..- he just ... homelander do so much to protect we ... and to be this close to he , it 's ... overwhelming . homelander , if you seesthis , adrian from Brooklyn love you , love you with all she heart ... we pull back . revealing we be watch a flat screen -- int . upper west side apartment - night in a upscale live room . as we meet hughie ( 20' , slight , kind ) . in a '' bryman audio visual '' shirt . installing someone 's new tv . as well as they blu - Ray . sonos. programm they universal remote . hughie do it all . we see he finger , dexterous and deat . he 's quite the tech virtuoso . moment later '' he present the bill on a clipboard -- to a west side mom in a New York power suit . she only half pay attention , as she return work email on she phone . hughie you sure ? we be run a special on vimtag Security cameras . hd . you can access ‘em from you phone . west side mom thanks but no . I do not think we really need ‘em . my nanny 's here all the time . hughie just have one of that sincere , earnest face . he nod to the woman 's 7 - year -old in a homelander costume , play with he dominican nanny . hughie course . and you get the homelander watch over thing . ( off the Mom 's smile ) but , you know , the homelander can not be everywhere at once . neither can the cop . ( more ) ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 3 . continued : hughie ( cont 'd ) or the nanny , for that matter . no , if we wanna keep a eye on we kid ? that 's up to we . even if we be work long hour and late night . know what I mean ? Mom look up from she phone . clearly a long hour worker . hughie maybe you do not need the camera , but what about that one time you do ? be there such a thing as too safe ? off hughie . smiling warmly . make the sale . int . bryman audio visual - night a mom-and-pop electronics store . tv 's and stereo equipment on the shelf . hughie behind the counter . as -- the bell over the door ring . robin ( 20' , girl - next - door cute ) enter . she sidle up to hughie , as _if a customer -- robin Excuse I , sin ? I want to schedule a appointment . for you to come over and -— ( arch a eyebrow ) Lay some cable . hughie ( smile ) Robin . that do not mean what you think it mean . robin ' laying cable 's mean sex . hughie ' laying pipe 's mean sex . ' laying cable 's mean you want I to come to you house and take a shit . robin ( laugh ) that 's disgusting . hughie hey , you say it . robin you ready yet ? despite you best effort , I be still hungry . ext . new york side STREET - night OPEN on a bus -stop poster . a completely black suite hero in a cologne ad . '' black noir for drakkar noir . '' ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 4 . continued : as hughie and Robin , hold hand , walk down a empty side - STREET . she chuckle at a story he just tell -- robin «.. so you get she from ' no thanks , 's to four camera ? hughie what can I say ? I be a good fuck salesman . ( off Robin 's eye-roll ) hey , I get you , do not I ? robin barely ! ( beat ) speak of , Mr. salesman . do you ask for the raise ? hughie take a half - beat . he know Robin be not go to like this , but play it off , casually . hughie Gary be totally supportive <- he just say thing be slow . , next year , though , for sure . robin okay . hughie look at she . ) feel guilty . hughie what do you want I to do ? go in there and kick he ass ? robin I say ‘okay . 's hughie but you do not mean it . I see that look . c'mon , let 's hear it . robin ( sigh , alright ) you be the best guy there , by a long shot -- and Gary 's take advantage of you -- and yeah , you should get in there and fight for it . this be banter , not bicker . a sign of how much they love , and be comfortable with , each other . hughie Jesus . I do not realize you need a sugar daddy . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 5 . continued : ( 2 ) robin blow I . this be about you get what you deserve . Hell , I be kill myself at school cause it 's gonna pay off -- for both of we . I mean , if we be move in together -- Robin take one step off the curb into the street , about to cross . but hughie stop on a dime . hughie wait . what have you just say ? robin ( break into a grin ) well , we can not keep -- lay pipe -- at you parent 's place . try to keep quiet , stare up at that dumb Zeppelin poster . hughie ( also grin ) hey . do not ever besmirch the Zeppelin poster . he 's still on the curb , she 's still one step in the street . as he lean forward and kiss she . like none he 's ever have before -- or ever will again . hughie step back , hold both of Robin 's hand . they be so in love , then -- smash ! Robin be suddenly , shockingly atomized before hughie 's eye . blood and gummy bit of viscera spatter against hughie 's face . hughie still hold Robin 's hand . but that 's all he 's hold . they be gory , detach . it happen so fast '' hughie do not have time to react . as fast - run hero a-train skid to a stop . Robin 's inside all over he costume outside . he clutches a distinctive blue duffel bag tight to he chest . the motherfucker just run right through hughie 's girlfriend . a- train be straight - up frighten . jittery as hell . but not because of what he just do . then why ? a-train ( sputtering ) oh God , I be -- I be sorry . but I can not stop . I can not stop . and with that , a- train race away at supersonic speed , leave a blurred trail of motion in he wake . and leave hughie . alone . holding two bloody hand . in shock , he can not let they go . until some emotion -- some abject horror -- begin to seep in ... ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 6 . continued : ( 3 ) hughie ( a whisper ) «+. r... Rob ... wide shot . down the street . hughie be small in the frame . his voice distant , rag , wrenching , as finally : hughie robin ! robin !! ext . office build - des moine , iowa - day a generic Nissan altima pull up before a generic office park . starlight ( 20' , blonde , sweet , in a reasonably modest superhero outfit ) climb out of the passenger seat . she clutches a headshot , look nervous . but not as nervous as she mother . who lick she finger , smooth out starlight 's eyebrow . starlight 's mother whatever you do , do not chew you thumbnail . and remember to smile . int . office build - waiting room = day all beige , all the time . Water cooler burp . a table with a sad , out of date people magazine . Metal fold chair occupy by a few exotically - garbe superheroine . ( let 's play the clash between the mundane and the superheroic ) . starlight enter , sign in . nod at one of the other superheroine , apparently no love lose . starlight hey countess . countess starlight . omigod . so good to see you . be that a new headshot ? starlight no. same one . countess it 's so nice . countess give a '' I be pretend to like you but I fuck hate you gut '' grin . starlight smile back , self - conscious . from there , we enter a montage of starlight 's bizarre audition . intercutting : int . office build - audition room - day video camera Pov . it snap to life . focus in on starlight . anxious . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 7 . continued : casting director ( 0.s. ) please slate for the camera . starlight yeah , I be , um , starlight . 5 foot 8 , 127 pound . casting director ( 0.s. ) turn around please . she rotate , a awkward 360 degree turn . then -- casting director ( 0.s. ) okay , let 's see it , dear . starlight you should look away -- casting director ( 0.s. ) sorry ? starlight turn away from camera and shut you eye . or else I ’1ll blind you . casting director ( 0.s. ) alright . go ahead . starlight concentrate -- it start with she eye , which glow white hot -- then the overhead fluorescent flicker and fade , as she draw energy from she nearby surroundings -- until she eye emit a j.j. abram -style , blaze light burst that explode into the room -- the camera freeze and fritzes and rattle at the concussive blast . when it resume , it 's on its side , starlight be crouching over someone just off camera , upset -- starlight I be so sorry , be you alright ? casting director ( 0.s. ) just fine , dear . very impressive . int . office build - bathroom - day starlight on the toilet . clearly pee . ( you never see superhero pee ! ) then she reach beneath she , pull out the plastic urine test cup . begins to label it ... int . office build - conference room - day starlight sit at a polygraph . wear sensor . a bland technician across from she , take note . ( fun fact : this be real question from CIA employee interview . ) ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 8 . continued : technician have you ever plotted to overthrow the United States of America ? starlight no . the technician inspect the answer . mutter to himself . betrays nothing . starlight start chew she thumbnail . technician how do you feel when you see a small animal in distress ? starlight um. bad . technician do you ever feel sexual urge when sit in you parent 's , lap ? starlight what ? no. god. no. int . office build - audition room - day video camera Pov . starlight in the midst of a interview . she speak with genuine heart . starlight ... I be just ... like most Super - able , I be bear like this . my Mom be thrilled . ) she make I go to all that little miss hero pageant . I hate it , I can still smell the hairspray . and at the q and a , they always ask I my wish . and I always saidy '' to save the world . '' the judge chuckle , like it be cute . but it 's not a joke to I . since when do ' hopeful 's and ' naive 's become the same thing ? why get into this business , if not to save the world ? it 's all I have ever want . and it 's why all I have ever want be to be in the Seven ... off she pixelate video image ... int . robin 's parent 's apartment - few day later photo of robin . surrounded by thick flower arrangement . a roomful of somber people in dark suit , eat from small plate . we notice a woman cry into a man 's shoulder . Robin 's parent . this be the post - funeral reception . everyone stand close , united in grief . except for -- ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 9 . continued : hughie . sit in the corner . alone . in a suit and tie . he hold a plate with a square of ambrosia jell -o salad on it . close on hughie . a maelstrom of heartbreak , pain and emotion , beneath a numb shell . he look up , see -- Pov . two child in nice clothes , sprawle before the tv . watch a '' seven '' cartoon . even here , even now ... most people be fan ... int . hughie 's family apartment - queen - day hughie return back to he family apartment . tie loosen . his zaftig mom follow , along with he wheeze father ( sallow , skinny , roll a oxygen tank beside he ) . dad thump on the couch , flip on the tv . hughie 's mom well , I think it be '' a lovely service . just lovely . hughie . what 's he supposed.to say ? it be awesome ? hughie 's mom do you eat ? , can I -- fix you some pizza roll ? hughie ... I be not hungry . hughie 's mom ( notice the tv ) oh , honey . look . on the screen . ) six o'clock news . a PRESS conference . a- train . beside vought vice -president of hero management julia stillwell ( 40' ) . hughie noticeably flinch at this . julia stillwell ( on tv ) .».- and as you know , a- train be place on standard administrative leave until the nypd could conduct they investigation . which they have now conclude -- and have rule no wrong-do . but that do not begin to convey the terrible regret we all feel at this awful , tragic loss ... a-train ( on tv ) my deep condolence to Robin Ward 's family . I be chase that bank robber ... and she just ... step into the middle of the street ... and I could not ... a- train trail off , choke up . Golden globe-worthy . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) continued : hughie mutter to himself . devastate . hughie Middle of the --? she be a half - step off the fuck curb . ding dong ! the door . Mom swing open the door , revealing a vought lawyer -- doug friedman . all Clinton -esque , lip-bit sympathy . doug friedman do a Hugh Campbell live here ? int . hughie 's family apartment - minute later - night 10 . a small stack of legal document on a table . hughie sit in front of the lawyer . scan the papers . hughie 's Mom observe . dad stillywatch tv in the back , seemingly catatonic , wheeze through»his nose tube . doug friedman ... really , everyone at vought be just ... wreck about Robin ... ( then , as a ' friend 's ) now . you two be not marry and -- look , technically there 's no legal claim . but still , vought want to do the '' right thing -- , offer you 25 thousand in restitution . hughie 's mom ( that 's life - change ) 25 thousand ! doug friedman it 's the least we could do , mar ’am . you just need to sign -- here -- and I 'il hand over the check -- hughie ( read , realize ) but this -- be a confidentiality agreement . doug friedman it 's a boiler plate nda -- hughie I sign this , I can not talk about it ? have to pretend it do not happen ? that I be not hold Robin 's arm in my hand ? doug friedman I know you be upset , but we be just try to help -- ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 11 . continued : hughie then say you be sorry -- doug friedman Excuse I ? hughie build a head of steam -- hughie you people say ' condolence 's and ‘my regret 's and ' we sympathy , 's but no one can look I in the fuck eye and say '' I be sorry ! '' I be not signing anything ! now get out ! Doug friedman pause a beat , unsure . hughie charge over to he , roughly haul he out of he seat ! hughie I say get the hell out ! smash CUT to : close on hughie . sitting quietly in he seat . that outburst be just in he imagination . there 's churn lava deep down inside he . but he 's not .a fighter . not yet . doug friedman you okay ? as I say , a boiler plate nda , really pretty standard . hughie I 'il think about it . doug friedman hughie -- hughie let I think about it . beat . Doug friedman give a smile . read the room . doug friedman I get it . I x11 leave the document , gimme a ring if you have question . ( then ) you keep the pen , okay ? the lawyer hand over a silver pen label ' vought . 's ext . suburban neighborhood - des moine , iowa - day we soar over countless version of the same middle class house . like some cloning experiment run horrifically amok . the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 12 . int . OPEN miss best of a suburban house - day on a bookcase . load with trophies . ribbons . '' little superstar - lst place . '' '' sweet corn festival & 5 k run - overall power . '' etc. along with a crowd of photo -- heavily make - up , jon benet -style starlight , age 4 through 10 , always jauntily pose , hand - on-hip , wear a kid - size , homemade version of she outfit . a shrine to a mother 's pride in she daughter . in the adjacent kitchen -- starlight herself , in she grow - up superhero outfit , pour some kraft shell and cheese into a pot . keeps one ear on a police scanner , which babbles on about some local loitering and a nasty rash of graffiti . her mother enter -- listen briefly to the scanner -- starlight 's mother any maniac out there ? starlight quiet night . like every night . starlight 's mother too bad . we , could use the press right now . ( see , the pot , cluck ) oh , Annie , could you pack any more carb into that ? apparently , Annie be she ' secret identity 's name . when starlight I be hungry , mother . and would you relax ? I do not get the job . starlight 's mother you do not know that , you be better than all of they . -- ring . ring . the phone . Mom go to answer . starlight they be audition nation - wide . besides , countess probably get it , she 's really good in a room . starlight 's mother if you be negative , negative thing happen to you . ( pick up phone ) hello ? um , I be she mother . yes , yes , one moment . Mom hold out the phone , on pin and needle . mouth '' it 's they ! '' starlight can not help but feel a stab of butterfly . move for the phone . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 13 . continued : starlight hello ? yes , this be she . ( then ) I -- get it ? I got it ?! starlight 's mother you got it !! you got it !! off this rambunctious , unbridle maternal ecstasy -- int . robin 's parent 's apartment - night OPEN on a framed photo in a much less happy home . robin beam beside she loving parent . wider . hughie sit at they kitchen table . awkwardly shuffles note and papers . in front of Robin 's Mom and dad . Mom , red-rimme eye , only stare down at she fold hand . , '' dad also avert eye contact , impatiently tap he wedding »ring onto he beer bottle throughout . clink . clink . hughie ++. so we can not , file criminal charge against a- train . heroes be like cop , they can not ) be charge for collateral damage while in pursuit . Robin 's Mom wipe away a tear . this be all a painful subject . hughie continue -- hughie but -- but -- we can still file a civil suit . I find a lawyer -- he ’1ll , work on percentage , will not even charge we unless we win -- robin 's dad hughie -- hughie I just need you to jump in -- I be not family , I can not really sue by myself . but -- robin 's dad hughie . stop . we be not suing anybody . hughie what ? why not ? robin 's dad there 's no case . she be in the street . it 's the same as if she jay - walk and a bus hit she . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 14 . continued : hughie she be a half - step off the curb ! then hughie spot it . on the table , right in front of the parent : another silver ' vought 's pen . the truth fall on hughie like a ton of brick . hughie wait , be they -- do you sign ? ( silence speak volume ) you take they money ? gene ? dad stop clinking the beer bottle . search hughie 's face . robin 's dad how long have I know you , hughie ? hughie since -- Robin and I be in high school . robin 's dad prom night , actually . we meet you , in that tux two size too big -- and there be some kid who just have that go - getter spark in they eye . ( then ) you be not one of that kid . ( glance at he wife ) I would say to she all the time , do not I ? what 's Robin see in he ? get no drive , no fire , no fight . Boy do not give a shit about anything . hughie I care about you daughter . I be try to fight now . robin 's dad ( raw ) too late . she 's dead . and you wanna drag out some court case ? so we can relive she death ? ( hand on he wife ) yeah , we take the fuck money . and now we wanna -- try to -- put it all behind we . hughie so what ? a- train just get away with this ? robin 's dad there 's no case , she be in the street ! you let she step into the street . it 's not a- train we blame . off hughie , as if absorb a palpable body blow ... the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 15 . ext . new york STREET - night hughie . walk down the street . despondent . listen to a message on he cell -- doug friedman ( on phone ) Hugh , this be Doug friedman from vought , just check in . look , I know the money can never make up for lose Robin . but we can make thing a little easier for you family , if you have -- hughie click it off . then strangely , we CUT to -- a still camera Pov . from inside a car . snapping pic of hughie . clickclickclickclick . as he enter a bodega . who 's take picture ? off this mystery -- int . new york bodega - night a sixer of bud light . pull from the fridge case by hughie . he 's on edge . a edge he go plummete right over when -- he pivot in the cramped aisle . come face to face with a- train ! even worse , a dozen a-train ! side by side ! it 's a magazine rack . a- train onthe cover of US weekly . he smile , hugging a chirpy bald cancer kid beneath the headline '' making wishes come true . '' hughie , breathe shallow , back away . bump against a entire row of cereal . box drop , hughie look . delicious frosted axtrain . a whole fuck row of they . wide angle . hughie . spin . drown . now see -- a- train on can of monster ENERGY drink . on a cardboard CUT - out at the aisle 's end , cerveza in hand -- ‘a- train celebra cinco do mayo . 's a- train , a-train , a-train , a -train . the guy murder the love of hughie 's life . and everyone idolize the asshole . hughie 's chest be heaving now . he slide to the floor , back against the wall . we leave he there -- in the throes of a full blow ptsd panic attack . ext . the seven tower - new york CITY - morning pan down off the gleam , sky -scrape , futuristic seven tower . to find -- ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 16 . continued : a limo pull up . a ' vought 's page open the door for -- starlight . follow by she mother . they gape up at the Tower . at the crowd of scream fan behind the rope . a group of men and women approach -- starlight 's entourage -- ashley hi. I be Ashley , I be you publicist . starlight’s mother ( holy shit ! ) a publicist . starlight hi. hello . ashley this be Rachel , hair and make -up . Luis be you stylist . Dan and Rich , they be from you marketing and social media team . Amy 's s»your PA , you need anything , you ask hers , you two thirsty ? Amy ! starlight ( to the group ) I be -- hi . '' no , we be good . ashley well , Amy 's gonna get , you Mom to she seat , but you , you nre with I , we be gonna be late ! starlight be dizzy already . a heady whirlwind of glamor . wave happily»at she mother as she 's whisk away . int . the seven tower - auditorium - day starlight 's mother , awed , take she VIP front row seat among a pack house of investor . a spotlight illuminate vice -president of hero management Julia stillwell . confident . gregarious . she pitch the crowd before a stage - wide video screen -- ' vought INTERNATIONAL : 2017 annual meeting of shareholders .' along with alternate image of they various project . Movie poster . theme Parks . toy . cartoon . vought make Marvel look like a corn-studded piece of shit . julia stillwell +.. net income be up 14 percent , we latest film '' G - Men : World War '' gross just shy of 1.7 billion world - wide . this fall we break ground on we newest theme park outside of Paris . we brand opportunity be limitless . ( more ) ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 17 . continued : julia stillwell ( cont 'd ) it 's a good time to be in the superhero Business . the crowd applaud -- Julia hold up she hand , go sincere -- julia stillwell but as we all know , none of that matter . because job one ? be manage , support , and advise the brave heroes who put themselves in harm 's way each and every day . for we . take a look . the spotlight snuff out . inspirational music swell , as a slickly package p.r. video begin on the huge screen . tommy lee jone get pay a shit - ton to narrate . tommy lee jone ( v.o. ) vought International . handle the Business of superhero , so superhero can handle they Business ... int . the seven tower - elevator - day starlight . flanke by she team . crowd elevator go up , up and away . make - up artist primp starlight on the fly . ashley you know , you be do really great so far ... starlight I have not do anything yet . ashley exactly . and you be already up 2 and a half . point with Midwesterner and Conservative Christians in 18 to 49 . I see you audition , by the way . the ' save the world 's thing . really brilliant . starlight I mean it . ashley that 's why we love you . so . you ready for you life to change ? starlight 's overwhelm but elate . yeah . she think so . int . the seven tower - auditorium - day the video continue . classy Ken burn style visual . first , we see black and white photo of a Captain America - like hero name soldier boy . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 18 . continued : tommy lee jone ( v.o. ) «-.1944 . soldier Boy . the first superpower human . to be follow by more . dozen more . Men and woman bear -- bless -- with extraordinary genetic ability . jonas salk famously call they 'a leap forward in evolution . 's no one 's quite sure why it happen , but thank God it do . multiple image of heroe flit past . tommy lee jone ( v.o . ) until , of course , the apex . the pinnacle . the formation of the most popular superhero team the world 's ever see . the seven . ( crowd go wild ) led by -- not just a hero -- but a american institution . '' as»powerful as he be humble . lady and gentleman -- the homelander . now the crowd go wild . , as a spotlight appear in the center of stage -- revealing the homelander . live and in the flesh ! give a aw-shuck wave . tommy lee jone ( v.o. ) and please welcome the rest of the Seven ! queen maeve . black noir . the deep . a-train . translucent . spotlight , blaze on beside the homelander . introduce each hero , in person . ( translucent be negative space in a suit -- a invisible man ) . close on starlight . be shuffle out onto the stage by a stage manager . in shadow . her moment 's about to come ... in the crowd . her mother 's as nervous as she be . tommy lee jone ( v.o. ) and finally -- unless you live under a rock , you have hear that after a long , distinguished career with the Seven , the lamplighter have retire . a grateful nation bid he a fond farewell . adoring image of the lamplighter , along with Marines salute and child beam they ' thank you 's . 's tommy lee jone ( v.o . ) but now -- as we turn towards the future -- we introduce the newest member of the Seven . please welcome -- starlight . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 19 . continued : ( 2 ) the white hot spotlight snap onto starlight . she smile , jittery , wave . drink in the crash wave of applause . beside all of she idol . lock eye with -- in the crowd . her mother . this be literally the single best moment of Mom 's life . julia stillwell ( step out ) the Seven , lady and gentleman ! how about ‘em !? the thunderous clap continue , as well as a universe of iphone flashbulb . starlight can not help but steal glance at the homelander . the deep lean over , whisper to she , charming , disarming . deep ( be : homelander ) I know . it 's kinda like share a stage with God , right ? but you wanna know something ? he chew . with he mouth open . spit little bit of salad right at you . starlight smile at the - deep . grateful to have someone bring all this back down to , earth . starlight I just '' < -+ I mean -- i.ca not believe I be really , here . deep hey . you be here because you be mean to be here . starlight ... thank»you . deep ( warm empathy ) look , I remember my first day , it 's a lot to take in . but we will show you the rope . starlight nod at he , grateful . turn back to twinkle flashbulb and raw , uncut adoration . this be all of she wildest , most secret dream come true ... off this ... ext . bryman audio visual - night Pov . from across the street . we see hughie , through the window , downcast as he upsell some equipment . reveal -- we be in a boat of a cadillac . behind the wheel -- a black - trench -coat man . this be billy butcher ( 40 ) . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 20 . continued : enigmatic , he reach into he glove compartment . tug out a cigar BOX . open it , revealing -- a pile of fake identification card . all with he picture . nypd , fdny , NSA , dea , atf , dhs , some foreign card . he shuffles through they , before choose a FBI id . perfect . go without say -- who the holy fuck be Butcher ? int . bryman audio visual - night a television screen . access hollywood . some b-roll footage of starlight , wave shy to the crowd at the vought stockholder meeting . natalie morale ( v.o. ) ... and how do newest Seven member starlight keep she beach -ready bod ? the answer might surprise you ... hughie . before a customer . he do not notice the tv -- hughie ...no , you want . the carbon cable . cost more , but they conduct electricity way better -- when the bell over the door ring . hughie jerk he head up , illogically hope against hope that Robin walk through the door . of course , she do not . '' instead , he spot -- Butcher . strol in he inspect a section of nanny -cam . hughie step up -- hughie you interested in a nanny cam ? we be run a special on vimtag ... Butcher look up . he 's get a blue collar british accent . a lot like Michael caine . butcher tell I . how many nanny go around shakin’ they baby , do you reckon ? hughie sorry ? butcher a good , hard shake . like trynna get ketchup out of a bottle . 1 percent ? less ? hughie uh , I -- I really do not know . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 21 . continued : butcher but they sell a coupla billion dollar worth of this shit worldwide . ( smirk at hughie ) go to show . the bollock you can make people swallow , if you get ‘em scared enough . hughie ( long beat ) okay . be there anything I can help you with ? butcher I be not gonna piss you about , hughie . I know what happen to Robin . fuckin 's diabolical . hughie I be sorry , who be you ? butcher she be not in the street . she be one step off the fuckin’ curb . and you do not take the pay-off . respect that . hughie ( upset now ) I say who . the hell be you ? how do you know that ? butcher Butcher 's the name . people call I billy . I be thinkin’ we could have a bit of a chat ? ext . time square - night OPEN on : the FBI card . hughie inspect it -- hughie . Butcher . pass more and more pedestrian , as they near the neon atomic blast of Times Square ... hughie you be a fed ? you do not sound like a fed . butcher I can not fuckin’ immigrate ? there 's a big green crumpet out in the harbor that say different . hughie you do not look like one , either . butcher oh ? what do I look like ? ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 22 . continued : hughie like a Columbine shooter . Butcher smirk . hughie 's get spark . he nod at the id , which we know be fake -- butcher well , it 's right there in black an’ white . but if you wanna give a looksie up I bum to be sure , you go right ahead . hughie um . so what , exactly , can I do for you ? butcher it 's what I can do for you , my son . help you get payback for yer girl . ( off hughie ) you be not alone , hughie , happen a lot more than you think . supe , lose over a hundred people a year to collateral damage -- hughie that can not be true . ( off Butcher ) that 's true ? butcher it 's not that they be not strong , it 's that they do not care . we be just ant to they . hughie c'mon . '' it have be all over the news , people ’dbe. scream bloody murder . butcher might be the odd mention now an’ again , like with Robin . but there 's a lot more they do not tell you -- that get sweep under the rug -- hughie why ? butcher it be not obvious ? he hold he hand out . wide shot . time square . 50 foot high screen : wahlberg - esque hero recline in he calvin klein whitey . a- train in a nike shoe spot . a movie : begins . '' the vought store . tourist take they a shirtless , tighty - '' tek - knight photo with cardboard hero cut-out . superhero be inescapable -- pretty much like the actual Times Square . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 23 . continued : ( 2 ) butcher the movie ticket , an’ the lobbyist , an’ the fuckin’ shoe . but mostly , people like that cozy feel supe give ‘em . you get someone to swoop in and save the day for you , then you do not gotta do it yourself . ( then ) but you do not know half the shit they be up to . it have curl you hair and straighten you curly . but that 's where I come in . hughie come in ... to do what ? butcher spank the bastard , they ever step too far outta line . hughie how do you spank a supe ? butcher Ways an’ mean . you do not need a fuckin’ glowy green rock to find someone 's weakness . c’mon . hughie where ? butcher you 'il love it . hughie hold on . ( Butcher stop ) thank you for a extremely ... weird conversation . but I be not sure what this be ... and I think I should probably get back . butcher mate . once I go , I be go . this be you one an’ only . besides , what have you get to lose , you be not already lose ? close on hughie . think . off this -- we pan off hughie and Butcher , to the gleaming seven tower -- int . the seven tower - boardroom - night starlight . take in the panoramic view from the seven boardroom . 99th floor . floor to ceiling window . City light before she -- like she own private galaxy . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 24 . continued : she pivot to the seven 's famous conference table . run she hand over homelander 's chair . tastefully emboss with he name . like touch the President 's chair . then ... she see ... a chair with her name on it . her eye glisten with emotion . int . the seven tower - hallway - night - later close on a SMALL fishbowl . with a exotic fish inside -- a electric blue ram cichlid , to be exact . wider . starlight carry the fishbowl down the sleek hallway . reaches a door . ring the bell . no answer . she knock . the door drift open . unlocked . starlight hello ? deep ? int . the seven tower - deep 's room - night starlight step in , tentative . deep 's apartment be massive . all blonde wood and trickle waterfall and koi pond and chinese write . not just aquatic -= Zen aquatic . starlight just want to thank you for be so ki ... she feel awkward . certainly do not want to trespass . she 's about to turn and leave when ... she hear a unmistakable groaning . sickly . sound like someone might be ill ? or in trouble ? starlight hello ? she cautiously move to the sound source . then step around a thick tangle of bamboo tree to see -- the deep . bite a rubber tube wrap tight around he arm . as he shoot a syringe of bright blue liquid into he vein . what the hell be that stuff ? a pretty girl in a party dress sprawl next to he . her eye flutter , nearly unconscious . a syringe jut from she arm . deep make eye contact with starlight . who 's horrify -- deep what the fuck ? starlight oh my God , sorry , I be sorry -- ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 25 . continued : deep stand . he 's furious . aggressive . and completely different than the charming hero starlight meet . deep you just walk in ?? starlight ( sputtering ) I knock ... you door be ... I be just bring you ... she lamely hold out the fishbowl . deep turn around . forget this ever happen . but starlight notice the girl . a thick gob of spittle at the side of she mouth . starlight be she ... okay ? that send deep over the edge . suddenly , with super strength , he shove starlight against the wall ! she drop the fishbowl . crash ! scary , deep clamp he hand around starlight 's neck . his forehead vein be pop , he 's so piss . ( it 's a roid - like reaction to the mysterious blue drug ) . deep . who the hell ask you ??!! starlight ( small , scared ) ... I think» she need help ... deep oh , you be the fuck hero ? please . you be here cause we need a few more point with Evangelicals . there 's a dozen blonde cunt that fit the bill . you be nobody . ( then ) you breathe a word of this to anyone ? you be out . for good . the fuck back to Iowa . we clear ? close on starlight . just stare at the die exotic fish , flopping about on the floor . do she fight back ? make a stand ? a long beat ... no . she do not . she do what she need to do . starlight of course . I will not tell anybody . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 26 . continued : ( 2 ) a long beat . frenzied face to frighten face . until -- he let she go . she beat a hasty retreat -- ext . the seven tower - hallway she scramble out the door . then stop . press she back against the wall , out of breath . it take every fiber of she be not to cry ... ext . alley - old money build - night back alley . a service entrance behind a tall , ornate , old - money downtown building . Butcher stride to the door , hughie in tow . knock on it . beat . a nervous security guard answer ( dark coat , tie , badge ) . hughie watch this exchange , curious . security guard fuck , man . butcher this be the last time , Harry . security guard it 's always the last time . this be fuck police brutality . ( nod , inside ) you know what this people 's 1ll do to I , they catch I let you in ? butcher ( cool , even ) not even half of what I 'il do , if you do not . Butcher smile but never break eye contact . it 's unsettle . message receive . the Security Guard hand over two security badge . Butcher give one to hughie . hughie do he just say you be a cop ? butcher cop , fed , it 's all the same to that cunt . here , put this on . hughie what the hell be this ? but Butcher just stride inside . uneasy , and now a bit suspicious , hughie follow -- the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 27 . int . old money build - private club - night ding ! close on hughie as the elevator door open . his jaw hit the floor . as he take in -- a private club . Dark . thump music . lot of side room and various nook and cranny . and superheroe . male and female . all shape and size and color . partying there costume asse off . the female heroes be have as much rambunctious fun as the man . it 's like Studio 54 -- multiply by 54 . one female hero with a tiara tighten she fluorescent rope , S&M style , around a hog - tied naked man . he happily beg to be spanke , she happily oblige . two heroe telekinetically hurl a chair over a ducking waiter , smashing it through the window , as if they be whitesnake on the sunset Strip . hughie and Butcher step over a burly steel - skinned superhero , pass out on the floor in a pool of he owny ) sick . waiter try to drag he away , but he 's far too heavy . hughie be absolutely gobsmack . then spot -- hughie hey , that 's Captain fantastic . the ' cape ' for Christ 's guy . hold that anti-gay rally . Pov . the stretchy superhero we see on tv in the opener be in ecstasy , wrap around three men in g-string . butcher and now he 's the meat in the manwich . fuckin 's hypocrite . like Bill cosby in spandex . they pass a hero , he hair a shimmering wave of FIRE , quietly and desperately cry to himself . who know why . hughie okay . so this be more than I ever , ever want to see . I be leave now before one of they try to have sex with I . or kill I . or both . butcher not yet . off hughie -- he follow Butcher into a back room -- int . security room - night the anxious Security Guard check the coast be clear . then let Butcher and hughie into the security room . a wall full of monitor recording every room . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 28 . continued : security guard hurry up . butcher where 's the vid you ring I about ? the Security Guard reluctantly hand Butcher a memory stick . Butcher plug it into a computer . butcher oi. hughie . monitor 2 . Butcher fiddle a knob . turn up the audio . the monitor . time -stampe security cam footage of a back room . a-train . throw back shot like it 's he job . hughie a- train 's -- here ? butcher be . this be from last night . the monitor . suddenly , a-train look 0.s. , as -- big game ( 0.s. ) a- train . you girlfriend 's here . she 's piss . a hero -- big game =- enter . he carry two mannequin arm . big game she want to know why you run through she the other night . I mean , she just go to piece . hughie . his jaw clenches . Butcher look at he , sympathetic . knows»how hard this be for he . a-train hey , I be not the one that throw a volvo at that carjacker , without realize there be a fuck kid strapped inside . big game screw you , man , that suck . ( suck back a shot ) I have to go fuck cry on Diane sawyer . point , because a- train just do the same -- a- train Boy , can not imagine what that 's like , asshole . Big game stick the mannequin arm into a- train 's crotch . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 29 . continued : ( 2 ) big game aw , look , she want to make up . a-train sorry , baby , but when I get inside a girl , I get inside a girl . close on hughie . quietly enraged -- hughie ... they be laugh . like she 's a joke . they be fuck laugh . butcher question be , what be you gonna do about it ? int . the seven tower - outside boardroom - night vought vice - President Julia stillwell skim down the Tower 's hallway with the vought lawyer -- same guy from before -- he hurry to keep up . he 's nervous -- shejis mile above he paygrade . but she never lose she corporate geniality . julia stillwell I be sorry . it 's Doug ? doug friedman yes. doug. friedman . ma ’am . julia stillwell Doug , I appreciate you try to low - ball this Hugh Campbell , but can we settle out the a - train thing ? I mean , 25 thousand ? I get a bigger shoe budget . doug friedman I be not sure it 's about the money with this guy . julia stillwell if you quit nickel and diming he ? it will be about the money . just get it off we plate , please . without break stride , Julia glide into the boardroom -- int . the seven tower - boardroom - night where she grin at the mayor of baltimore ( 50 ) , sit at the table . he nod to a glossy pic of the homelander . autographed '' to mason : reach for the Sky ! best , homelander . '' mayor thanks for this . my kid 's gonna lose he mind . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 30 . continued : julia stillwell we pleasure , Mr. Mayor . just do not sell it on -line . mayor alright . tell I what you be think . julia stillwell ( into she presentation ) Steve , look . Baltimore 's a beautiful town . that crab cake at faidley 's ? Change you life . but you have get a problem . homicide rate be up , what , 62 % ? you police be not close case , you be on the verge of need a federal life-line . mayor you do not need to salt my wound . julia stillwell no disrespect . but you know police tank roll down main street will not play on the 6 o'clock news . how would it work out , for Ferguson ? or baton rouge ? mayor cut to the chase , Julia . who be you propose ? she click , a. remote . on the flat -screen , photo of a handsome , will Smith - like black superhero appear . julia stillwell nubian Prince . fit you population 's demo , but not too militant -- Caucasians love he too , approval 's around 68 percent . we be offer a 3 year exclusive contract . plus we full pr support . and we will throw in 9 and a half point of the merchandise . mayor I think he be in Detroit . julia stillwell we be think about make a move . we have come to you first . mayor how much ? ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 31 . continued : ( 2 ) julia stillwell 300 million a year . I know it 's a tough swallow , but we both know you city need a hero . mayor ( beat , contemplate ) look . I have the City Council up my ass on every fuck dime of the budget . you make it 200 million , I can sell it . julia stillwell I be sorry . can not do it . we have Atlanta wait in the wing . mayor ( beat ) I think maybe you can . julia stillwell oh ? and why 's that ? mayor ( lean forward ) because I happen to know about compound V . stillwell betray only the merest twitch . julia stillwell I be sorry . what 's ' compound V ? 's mayor the ) kinda rumor that can really tarnish that heroes of yours . and no one want that -- people need heroes . ) now . I can make sure it stay a rumor . you know I ’ma friend . but friendship cut both way . what be he talk about ? we be not sure . but stillwell only give he the most pleasant of smile . julia stillwell sorry , Steve , I just do not know what you be talk about . 300 million 's the price . or we go to Atlanta . off stillwell . she might not be a superhero , but she sure know how to wear a mask ... int . the seven tower - bathroom - night a row of toilet stall . and starlight . at a sink . stare at herself in the mirror . her mascara run . she 's be cry . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 32 . continued : she inspect the neck bruising from where the deep grab she . it 's already turn a angry purple . when ... queen maeve enter . head to the sink beside starlight to reapply some make - up from a small clutch . starlight sneak glance at Queen maeve . humiliate to be meeting she idol in such circumstance . subtly try to cover she neck bruise with she hand . when Queen maeve pivot to starlight . Long beat . be maeve go to say something ? but then -- Queen maeve gently pull starlight 's hand away from she neck . inspect the bruise . then ... maeve reach into she clutch , pull out a bottle of skin tone concealer . hold it up to starlight 's neck . with compassion -- queen maeve I think this be you color . imply that starlight should cover up the bruise . maybe even imply that maeve "s be there herself . then -- Queen maeve pivot for the door . call out , without look back . queen maeve translucent , you be such a fuck perv . Queen maeve exit . beat . then ... translucent the invisible man materialize , naked , spying on starlight from the corner . translucent uh. I / lbe== I will just go . he walk sheepishly out . off starlight , painfully learn the old adage -- never , ever meet you heroes ... int . dive bar - night the dive bar of you dream . all dark wood and character . hughie sit at a private booth , beer in front of he . Butcher across , nursing a soda water ( he never drink ) . hughie . digest what he just see . quiet . pissed . hughie they're -- all like that ? all of ‘em ? even the homelander ? Butcher skip the tiniest half beat . Voice go the tiniest bit flat . something 's go on here , but we do not dwell . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 33 . continued : butcher homelander 's the exception . do not drink , smoke . fuckin 's saint . but the rest ? yeah , pretty much . ( then ) here , have a shufti at this -- from a manila folder , Butcher remove some densely print paper , spread they on the table . hughie what be this ? butcher Police log , night of Robin 's death . couple bar fight , some car get nick . know what 's not in there ? no bank trigger any alarm . no one charge with robbery at Central book . a- train stop two bank robber , my arse . someone 's cover somethin’ up . hughie cover up --. what ? we re-play flash of hughie , Robin and a-train from the open ... to illustrate Butcher 's case ... butcher whatever a- train be do that night . you»said he look scared . but what 's he get to be scared of ? what do he mean , ‘he can not stop ? 's and what be in that bag ? all sound bleedin’ dodgy to I . ( off hughie ) so the big question be : where be he runnin’ ? hughie or who be he run from ? Butcher regards hughie . impress . smart . butcher yeah . true. good point . ( beat ) figure that out , we will have the fucker . get a nose for this shit , and I be tellin’ you , I can smell it . hughie stare at the report . feel emboldene . hughie okay . how can I help ? ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 34 . continued : ( 2 ) butcher Ring vought . tell ‘em you 's 1ll take the money , sign the nda . but only if a- train 's there in person when you do . hughie wait , I do not ... why would I ...? butcher I dunno . say you gotta shake he hand . for closure . they will invite you into the Seven Tower to meet he . past they security . and then , my son , you be gonna stick a bug in the place . we ’l1l have a listen , really see what 's go on . hughie so , sorry -- you want I to go into the Seven tower ? by myself ? and plant -- a bug ? like I be fuck James bond ? butcher hughie . why do you think I come to you in the first . place ? for the good of I health ? again , hughie 's breathe grow . shallow . he pale . start to have another ptsd attack . hughie you gotta come with I . butcher no waythey give I a pass . hughie what if something go wrong ? butcher it will not . hughie oh. okay . really comforting . and easy for you to say , as you sit out here on you '' arse . '' I mean , you be FBI , if you be fuck FBI , get a warrant , why do you need I -- butcher ( a bald lie , of course ) I get a warrant . but that place be fire - wall and untappable and lock up tighter than a nun 's clunge . I could not sneak in meself , not in a million year . but you can . now calm down . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 35 . continued : ( 3 ) hughie calm ? you do not see a- train , cover in Robin 's -- and I be suppose to shake he hand and smile ? this people kill fuck kid in fuck volvo on , like , a random Tuesday , what do you think they 'il do to I if they catch I ? butcher we have never have a go at the Seven before , not like this -- hughie I say no ! butcher ( beat ) you see he on that video . you hear what he say about she . hughie ( quieter , sadder ) I just -- I can not '' I be just gonna fuck it up . you will not have you bug and I 'il be dead . I be not like you . hughie stand . exit . off Butcher . he do not look upset . he smirk , confident , sip from he club soda . as if he expect this -- ext . bar - night Butcher . emerging from the bar . calmly strolling . when -- far overhead --,a hero soar through the night sky , light by city light '' follow by another . it 's that last one who 's get Butcher 's attention . he 's pretty far away , but eagle eye viewer might recognize he as the homelander . we creep in on butcher . stop . just stare up . wearing he own stoic mask . until -- butcher I be gonna fuckin’ have you . you cunt . wider . Butcher 's just another New Yorker . when ... a black suv cruise past . int . black suv - moving - night the mayor of baltimore . the one who mention ' compound V , 's whatever that be . he ride in the back . on he cell . mayor Ms. stillwell . be not sure I would hear from you . the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 36 . int . the seven tower - boardroom - night - intercut stillwell 's smile be tight . she do not like to acquiesce . julia stillwell alright , Steve . this fuck chafe , but we can go down to 230 million for nubian Prince . mayor I think that 's very reasonable , Julia . thank you . julia stillwell well , like you say , friendship cut both way . mayor yes , it do . you have my word . there be secret and scandal between this line . but we do not know what they be . yet . off the Mayor , seemingly win the negotiation -- int . hughie 's family apartment - queen - next day on the tv. ellen . '' eternally upbeat . she sit with a visible ( and clothed ) translucent -- he roll up he sleeve , lift he , bare arm . which shimmer then seemingly disappear . translucent .»»- Mo , I do not actually vanish , my skin turn into this -- carbon meta - material -- that bend light . like a invisibility cloak . ellen but just to be clear -- you have to be completely naked , right ? the audience oohs and aah -- hughie . sit on the couch . numb , listless , defeat . next to he wheeze Father . his Mom set a plate of pizza roll on the coffee table . hughie 's mom here you go , honey . pizza roll with ketchup . hughie pick one up . hesitates . somehow , eat one mean acquiescing to he sad suburban life . when -- ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 37 . continued : hughie 's dad ( finally speak ) 30 year at that one hour martinize . cost I a lung , and what have I get for it ? and you wanna take on vought ? it 's like trynna take on a mountain . take the money , hughie . we be lucky to get it . push in on hughie . holding that pizza roll . look at he dad . be he really gonna give up ? give in ? ext . central park - day starlight -- dress for the first time in civilian clothes . as she secret identity : mild - mannered Annie . she stroll through the park , phone to she ear . intercut with : int . suburban house - day starlight 's mother make a bedazzle ) PRESS scrapbook of all she daughter 's recent newspaper clipping . starlight 's mother ++.so . how amazing be it ?» what 's the homelander like ? annie / starlight I ... he 's busy , I have not really meet he yet . ) look , Mom , I gotta tell you what happen ... starlight 's mother oh , I almost forget . I be play mahjong with Judy and Elaine , and they be go on and on about how wonderful starlight be . starlight this and ) starlight that . I know , I know , I gotta protect you secret identity , but I would love to see the look on they face if I tell they it be you . ( beat ) anyway , what be you gonna say ? annie ( long beat ) just that everything 's great . just how I dream . Mom , I gotta go . with annie . she hang up . sit on a park bench . stare up at -- the radiant seven tower . this be not at all what she think it would be . her dream be die on the vine . hughie ( 0.s. ) I be sorry , but ... be you okay ? hughie . on a bench beside she . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 38 . continued : both of they , watch the Tower . for very different reason . she wipe a tear , embarrassed . annie yeah . I be fine . hughie pull a cloth handkerchief out of he pocket . cross to Annie . hold it out . she give he a odd look . after what she 's be through , she 's not ready to accept a kindness from a stranger . annie no thanks . hughie ( self-conscious ) I know . Cloth handkerchief . I be not really 90 year old , it 's just my dad be in dry clean , he insist I carry -- never mind . sorry to bother you . hughie pivot away . Annie look after he -- the guy 's just try to offer a little , compassion in a cruel world . annie no , wait . actually , thank you , I would ... appreciate it . hughie hand she the handkerchief . she dry she eye . annie just have a bad day , that 's all . hughie that make two of we . work thing or life thing ? beat . no one 's be willing or able to listen to Annie . now , finally , this stranger be . annie work thing . you ? hughie life thing . they sit in silence . another long beat . then -- annie you know how you -- you have this image of yourself ? hughie mine 's not so hot ... ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 39 . continued : ( 2 ) annie I be sure that 's not true . ( then ) I always think I be ... strong , you know ? like , make of steel . a fighter . ( then ) but then there I be ... I need to fight . have to . but -- I do not . kept my eye down , mouth shut , do what it take to keep my job . turn out I be not who I think I be . and I think -- I think I just wanna go home . hughie give she a long , serious look . annie sorry , I do not mean to dump all that on -- hughie no , it 's not that . it 's just , I can relate , I be -- long story . ( off Annie ) listen . do you like you job ? annie it 's the only thing I ever want . hughie and it 's a good job ? you do not get kid hook on smoke or anything ? annie it 's ) a great job . I could help a lot of , people . close on hughie . a flash of vulnerability . think of he fear of a- train . think of Robin . hughie thing be , I -- I know this girl . who would just -- charge headfirst into everything . I , I back away from everything , I be ... I dunno ... scared of fall or fail . but she would say ' just cause you fall on you ass , do not mean you gotta stay there . 's ( then ) so I guess I have say the same to you . pardon my french , but fuck that fucker . do not give ‘em the satisfaction . you can still be a fighter -- just get up and fight . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 40 . continued : ( 3 ) she give hughie a long , thoughtful look . whoever this guy be , he tell she just what she need to hear , just when she need to hear it . annie sound like a smart girl . you should take she advice , too . hughie glance at she . she 's right . hughie I be hughie . annie Annie . off they handshake -- off a respite of tenderness amidst we usual madness ... int . dive bar - day butcher . sit at the bar . stare into he soda . when -- a beautiful redhead , 30 , approach he . egge on by she booth - full of friend . redhead hi. hello . so I be sure this be a terrible idea , but my friend have dare I -- to buy you a drink . butcher you be right . ( then ) it be a terrible idea . redhead ( ouch ) oh , uh , okay . sorry . crash and burn . she go . who be this guy ? when hughie enter . pass the redhead . to Butcher -- hughie hey . hope I have find you here . Butcher smile to himself . it be only a matter of time before hughie show up . butcher Boy , this be a shocker . not expectin’ to see you again . hughie okay . let 's get a- train . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 4l. continued : butcher ( feign reluctance ) I dunno , mate . how do I know you be not gonna leg it like last night ? how do I know you get the bottle ? hughie I have get the -- I do not know what ' bottle 's mean in that context , but I be in , man , I wanna do this . butcher you gonna see this through ? to the end ? hughie yes . butcher right , then . int . dive bar - by the bathroom - later hughie , on he cell . Butcher , listen . hughie ... Mr. friedman , get you message , and wow , 75 k be -> life change . I will sign whatever you want . I just -- I need one more thing . a apology from a- train . doug friedman ( on phone ) he already apologize . hughie no . he give he regret . and he sympathys ..0 n tv . but I want he to look I in the eye and say he 's sorry . doug friedman ( on phone ) okay , I will ask . but I be tell you , Hugh , the answer 's gonna be no . click . hughie hang up . to Butcher -- hughie do not think they be go for it . butcher oh yes , they will . and in the Tower , too . they be not gonna wanna air this shit in public . off Butcher 's know smirk -- the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 42 . int . the seven tower - boardroom - day a- train . with Julia stillwell . have a quiet side - bar in the corner as the other member of the Seven enter the boardroom for they official meeting . a-train no . no way . julia stillwell we gotta put this behind we , it 's five minute out of you day . a-train so some dude can blubber all over I ? I be -- not good in situation like that . no. Julia step forward . her genial smile never leave she face . julia stillwell you know . the Blue bolt shave another point off he mile . he 's almost as fast as you . impressive , especially someone that young . a-train the hell be that suppose to mean ? julia stillwell look , I be just try to help . you know I love you , but I be only one person in this company . you do not want the guy upstairs to start bitching that you be difficult . like they do with the lamplighter . off a-train ... int . dive bar - day Butcher . hughie . at the bar . wait . when -- ring ! hughie 's cell . he answer . hughie hello ? yes , Mr. friedman ...? he give Butcher a look . they be in . Butcher know it . int . the seven tower - bathroom - day starlight . back in uniform . alone at the sink . she stare at herself in the mirror . suppress she fear and anger . fuck ‘em . she will not give ‘em the satisfaction . the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 43 . int . the seven tower - boardroom - day starlight enter . the Seven have gather , a modern - day Knights of the oblong Conference table . homelander at the head . Julia stillwell observe in the corner . homelander ( pure costner ) starlight . do not wanna be late for you first official meeting . I have a whole welcome speech plan . starlight sorry , Sir . homelander homelander be fine . deep we be beginning to wonder if you have even show up . she glare at the deep , defiant . she 's literally get a look to kill and want to use it . ) but she restrain herself . starlight ( dry ) . oh , no , I be excited to be here . I be on pin and needle . the deep. glare at ) she , surprised . do not expect this much grit from starlight . as a float pair of read glass in the next chair peruse some paperwork -- translucent ... can we»get back to this please , this be a serious crime . ( then ) copyright infringement of we brand , individually and collectively , be cost vought 1.2 billion per year . that 's money out of we pocket . we have all get , what , four point each ? as they ramble on ... starlight . she act calm , strong . but she 's wear a mask . a-train fuck . you have get four point ? queen maeve and clearly , better lawyer . homelander hey. c’mon . stop . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 44 , continued : everyone shut up . turn to the homelander . he command unwaver respect -- homelander ( pure clooney ) what 's starlight gonna think , listen to we haggle over nickel ? we be the Seven for God 's sake . now what I want to hear -- be who you save this week . Black noir , let 's start with you -- the guy really be a omnipotent Boy scout . off this -- ext . the seven tower / int . butcher 's car - night pan down off the seven tower to reveal -- Butcher 's car . the behemoth of a caddy . inside the car . hughie , anxious , as hell . look in the back seat -- notice some stray dog toy . '' Bright , cutesy , squeaky rubber animal . seem out of character for Butcher . hughie you have a dog ? butcher no . Butcher do not elaborate further . on hughie -- umkay . butcher give we you phone . hughie comply . Butcher pop it out of its case . then pull out a bug '' as wide and thin as a silver dollar . butcher Security will not find it , or the X - ray . Butcher hide the bug in hughie 's phone case , click the phone back in place over it -- butcher now , what they 'il probably do be take you to the boardroom . give it a minute , say you need a crap . take out the bug when you be in the bog . glue 's there on one side , see ? go back , stick it under the boardroom table , that 's that . hughie 's heart be racing . commence another panic attack ? he start spluttering -- hughie that 's that ? kinda seem like -- a lot , actually . what if -- ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 45 . continued : butcher hughie . two choice . one : go an’ whine to a shrink for the rest of you life , pop some klonopin , maybe punch a a- train doll . two : stop bein’ such a cunt . what do you say ? off hughie . he swallow nervously -- a major effort -- and climb out of the car . int . the seven tower - lobby - night hughie . gripping he phone . we hear he thumping heart . as he enter the hypermodern lobby . approach Ashley the publicist , surgically attach to she blackberry . hughie hi -- be you Ashley ? I be hughie Campbell ...? Ashley smile , thin . she 's use to work with god . not mere mortal . ashley follow I , Mr. Campbell . Ashley lead hughie through the security checkpoint . he anxiously flit he eye at -- Pov as. heavy fucking hardware . ) security guard with semi - automatics . surveillance cam mount everywhere . a stutter-step , as he drop he phone through the x-ray machine . hughie walk through the metal detector , eye on the x-ray tech . who ... shit , squint at the monitor ... x- ray tech Sir , may ) i.examine you phone ? hughie uh -- sure . hughie 's about to have a heart attack . as the X - Ray tech carefully pore over the phone . turn it around . be he gonna pop it from its case ? find the bug ? this seem to last fucking forever . hughie sweat bullet . until -- x-ray tech have a '' Super '' day . the tech hand it over . hughie collect he phone , follow Ashley to the elevator . int . the seven tower - boardroom - night Ashley open the door to the boardroom . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 46 . continued : ashley wait here , please . a- train will be with you shortly . she 's already off before hughie can say thanks . int . the seven tower - boardroom - twenty minute later hughie . alone . sitting at the table in the impose , cavernous room . clench he phone . he stare at it , try to will himself not to sweat . be this he moment ? should he go to the bathroom now ? while no one be here , no one be watch ? beep ! the desk intercom come to life . assistant on phone wo not be long , Mr. Campbell . hughie I need to -- go to the bathroom . hello ? but the intercom have already click off . hughie . take a beat . take a breath . grip he phone . steel himself . he -can do this . this be it . stands up . head to the door . reaches for the knob -- the door suddenly swing open ! and a-train enter , follow by Ashley , various handlers , and Doug friedman -- who begin to lay out the document on the table . close on hughie .. face - to-face with a-train . nose to nose . tete - a-tete . the source of all he misery . anger. anxiety . doug friedman just to be clear , a - train 's apology be not a admission of any sort of culpability whatsoever , do you understand ? hughie manage a nod . the lawyer give a- train the okay . a-train ( a sullen 3rd grader ) hey , man . I be sorry what happen to you girlfriend . alright ? a- train reach out he hand to shake . close on hughie . Wide - angle , like in the bodega . breathe shallow . heart pound . eye wide . he 's about to plunge into another ptsd attack ! he glance down at he phone , which he grip , white - knuckle . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 47 . continued : the lawyer and the publicist trade concerned look . a- train look down at hughie 's phone , too . a-train buddy . you okay ? hughie 's gonna blow it ! a cringe - worthy beat . another ! but then ... he take a deep breath . pull himself together . into the amazing salesman he be . firmly shake hand . cool as shit . hughie Fine . I appreciate the apology . but accident happen , right ? and after all , you be save the world . ashley ( sigh with relief ) okay , thank you , Mr. Campbell . '' now if you will excuse we , a crime - fighter 's work be never do , but Douglas here will stay behind , get you that document ... a- train , Ashley , and the various handler beat a hasty retreat . leave Doug friedman behind , who hold out a pen . hughie where 's you , bathroom ? int . the seven tower - bathroom - night hughie enter , head into a stall . inside the stall . heysits on the toilet . wrench he phone from its case . but if you case be anything like mine , that 's never , ever easy . he tug a bit too hard -- the phone clack to the floor ! even worse , so do the bug ! which spin like a quarter before landing on the linoleum . it 's still in the stall , but right beneath the door , in plain view if anyone be look for it -- hughie . shit. which escalate into fuck when -- the door open and someone enter . hughie freeze . he can not tell who it be , he only spot boot . but we can see -- it 's starlight . she move to the sink , stare in the mirror , get she game face back on . if she see hughie , she have recognize he ! but ... she do not see he , and he never see she . she exit . hughie breathes a sigh of relief . near miss . snag the bug and the phone . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 48 . continued : he exit the stall . exit the bathroom . but we hold a beat . as translucent materialize in the bathroom corner . nake . he be just gonna perv out again , but instead , he see the whole damn thing . he frown . what the hell ? off this -- ext . the seven tower - night hughie exit the lobby . flush with victory . strut down the street like fuck travolta . up to Butcher 's car . Butcher give he a curious look . well ? hughie break into a wide grin . nod . he do it . he actually do it ! ext . bryman audio visual / int . butcher 's car - night Butcher pull up in front of hughie 's electronics store . quiet night . no one inside but gary , the owner . inside the car . hughie , still pump with adrenaline . hughie that be awesome .. stare that asshole down ? I get why you dig this job , man <- butcher get its moment . hughie but you be right -- fuck a- train , fuck -- ( finally notice ) what be we do here ? butcher how do you mean ? you gotta go back to work , yeah ? hughie I -- sorry ? butcher hughie , you be brilliant . but that 's all I need you for . hughie what ? but -- I do not -- I mean , I can help you , let I help -- butcher you do help . I get it from here . ( a final ) cheer . beat . do not seem like Butcher be budging . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 49 , continued : hughie um. right . okay . hughie climb out , try to hide he disappointment . he give Butcher a ' goodbye 's nod . hughie oh , hey , almost forget -- ever see a asshole tear up 75 k ? hughie take out the vought check . rip it . butcher you be a good lad , hughie . not all that common in my line of work . off hughie , nodd back -- but feel oddly dissatisfied . int . bryman audio visual - night - later on the tv. MSNBC . CHRIS haye converse with a national security expert . forever dron talkinguhead . CHRIS , haye ( on tv ) ..+- police city be a thorny enough issue , as it be , but allow superhero into ) national defense ? we would be basically privatize war ... expert ( on tv ) sooner or later , it 's inevitable ... in the store . Gary throw on he jacket . gary , alright , g’night , hughie . you will lock up ? ( off hughie 's nod ) I be still think about that raise , you know . hughie yeah , okay , thanks , Gary . Gary exit . hughie . behind the counter . stare at the tv . returning to this shitty fuck job , after all that intrigue , feel anti-climactic , both for hughie and for we . but then ... angle . hughie 's back to the door . so he do not see it OPEN . and close . by itself . he only hear the bell jingle . hughie ( as he pivot ) sorry . I be close up -- ( room 's empty ) hello ? ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 50 . continued : a ghostly , disembody voice -- translucent ( 0.s. ) who be you ? hughie ( twirling ) the fuck ? where -- translucent ( 0.s. ) right in front of you . that silver dollar bug float in the air before hughie . translucent ( 0.s. ) you think I would not find this thing ?! hughie barely have time to register surprise , when -- whack ! his head snap to the side from a invisible punch . blood fling from the side of he mouth . oh. shit . int . butcher 's car / ext . back alley - night -) continuous Butcher . park in some , abandon back alley . have a laptop open on the passenger seat . listen to the bug . which mean he 's listen to hughie . hughie ( o.s. ) please ! I do not know what you be talk about ! translucent ( 0.s. ) do not give I that , I follow you from the Tower ! butcher fuckin 's hell , hughie , you get yourself make . close on butcher . maybe there 's a wisp of regret flutter over he face . then again , maybe not . guy 's a mystery . from the laptop -- unmistakable sound of crashing glass -- butcher ah , well . Butcher close the laptop . sound shut off . seemingly wash he hand of the whole sordid business ... int . bryman audio visual - night wham ! hughie be shove back into a wall of tv 's . some crash to the floor , live wire sparking ! as hughie get he ass kicked by a invisible man . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 51 . continued : translucent ( 0.s. ) who be that guy you be with ?! in the car ? with admirable bravery , hughie do not answer -- so he 's thrown again . crash ! ouch ! translucent ( 0.s. ) who be he ?? he put you up to this ? hughie I do not know ! he be just a fuck uber driver , okay ?! translucent ( 0.s. ) why have you plant the bug ?? hughie ... please ... please ... we can see -- hear -- the crunch of glass» . as translucent stalk closer to hughie . closer . translucent ( 0.s. ) think you can just fuck with we ? we be the Seven ! ) Earth 's most mighty ! champions.of the innocent ! this be it . curtain for hughie . fat Lady step up to the mike , clear she throat , and -- smash ! ! butcher' car careen through the storen front window ! shatter the glass . directly in front of hughie ! knocking translucent , clear across the room . we can tell , from the crunch of he body on the windshield , from the thud against a collapse shelf of electronics . Butcher climb out of the car . for some reason , he hold a sparking cattle prod ( stay tune for why ) . butcher hughie , run . ( hughie hesitates ) fuckin 's run ! hughie scramble for the back room of the store -- as Butcher straighten up , pivot to translucent -- butcher let he be , you invisible cunt . translucent ( 0.s. ) who be you ? ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 52 . continued : ( 2 ) butcher I ’1l1 tell you who you be . a fuckin’ joke , mate . translucent ( 0.s. ) that so ? butcher translucent do not even mean ' invisible , 's you silly twat . it mean ' semi-transparent . 's Butcher lunge with the cattle prod . but he miss -- not so easy to fight a invisible man . translucent rip the cattle prod out of Butcher 's hand . hurl it out of reach . shit . int . bryman audio visual - back room - continuous close on hughie . darting past box and equipment , about to escape out the back . he open the door =- — and stop . who be he gonna be ? someone who back down ? or someone who fight ? when he see , on a rack infront of he -- some carbon component cable . he look at they . think . int . bryman audio visual - continuous whack ! translucent punch Butcher across the jaw . then -- whack ! another hit . Butcher only grin , he tooth red . then ingeniously spit blood in translucent 's face . we see the spatter blood floating in mid - AIR . butcher there you be . Butcher swing -- connect ! but then -- translucent hit back . over and over . harder and harder . it do not look good for Butcher . until -- suddenly , hughie be there ! he pull the FIRE alarm ! water sprays from overhead sprinklers -- revealing translucent . water splashes over he body ! hughie the tv ! Butcher glance -- spot a smashed tv on the ground , throw spark into a grow puddle . ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 53 . continued : Butcher get what hughie 's say -- he nod -- unload a crushing roundhouse punch on translucent -- oof -- send the bastard flail back into the sparking water -- which immediately electrocute he ! SPARKS climactically ride up translucent 's body . before he drop . dust-settle beat . the sprinkler stop . nothing on the floor but a puddle with the outline of a invisible body in it . hughie ( out of breath ) be he dead ? Butcher give a hard kick to translucent . no noise out of he , no movement -- butcher well , he be not movin’ . hughie shit . shit . butcher how would you know electricity bollockse the cunt ? take I forever to work that one out . hughie skin 's carbon . highly conductive . saw it on ' ellen . 's butcher Nice one , hughie . well , come on . we gotta get he in the trunk . hughie wait -- we what ? butcher think you just offed a member of the Seven . hughie I ? you hit he ! butcher Semantics , my son , we be both in a fucksight a trouble . already , they can hear siren in the distance -- hughie no , he attack we ! and you be -- you be a federal officer ! call the fuck FBI ! ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 54 . continued : ( 2 ) butcher yeah . I be not really a feed . off hughie -- fucking what ? ext . the seven tower - rooftop - night starlight . on the roof of the Seven Tower -- take in the infinite constellation of the city below . push in on her . her anger , she frustration , boil and churn inside . rising up . her eye begin to glow . then flare . wide . the tower 's top floor -- really , all nearby light -- flicker and black out dramatically . around starlight . as she draw energy from they . as she eye blaze like FIRE . the other supe might not see theydefiant spark inside she . not yet . but we sure do . ext . sky - night a private jet soar . int . private jet / ext . sky =. night a picture . the homelander . '' to mason : reach for the Sky ! best , homelander . '' '' we have see this photo before . the Mayor of Baltimore 's son mason , 10 . draw at a desk in bit lip concentration , try to replicate he beloved homelander photo with a crayola - on - paper version . his dad ( the Mayor ) doze in a leather chair . various aide work or sleep . when -- mason happen to glance out the window . he brighten . his wildest dream come true -- Pov . on the wing . the homelander . proud . hand on hip . cape swirl , Zack snyder-style . he smile at mason . mason homelander ! dad , wake up ! the homelander 's here ! the Mayor rouse -- what ? he head over to the window , along with the aide . they all grin -- major celeb sighting . mayor look at that . what 's he do here ? mason do he come to say goodbye ? be you guy friend ?? ( continued ) the boy # 101 " name of the game " - 10/15/17 ( network draft 6 ) 55 . continued : Pov . on the wing . the homelander . without ever lose he smile , he look down to the engine -- and fire blinding red beam from he eye ! flaring camera ! right at the turbine -- slicing it right off -- mayor oh my GOD ! guess the Mayor lose the negotiation , after all . the plane jolt . go down . mason . open-mouthed in shock and fear . painfully learn the old adage -- never , ever meet you heroes . homelander , still genially smile , give they a friendly salute . before flying off -- stay with the homelander . watch , blank -face . as the jet nose dive . plummet down to the» Atlantic . turn out , homelander wear a mask , too . '' and what 's behind it be psychopathic , unhinge . and all - powerful . off this -- blackout ! to _ be continued ...