" the X file " , production draft , by Chris Carter x-file fight the future CHRIS carter 6/30/97 note : the hard copy of this script contained scene number , and some " scene omitted " slug . they have be removed for this soft copy . fade in : ext . snowscape a blinding white screen , under which we hear a ominous low end dolby thanks Big screen rumble . we be not in 19 " television land anymore , toto . as the rumble build , two black figure appear on what now have resolve into a distant horizon . from they movement we can shortly see that the figure be man . move along a windswept ice sheet in a otherwise featureless land . a legend appear : NORTH TEXAS , 35,000 b.c . closer on the two men continue toward we , we can now see that they be dress in crude garment make of animal skin . if we squint we can see they hair be long , they jutting forehead significant of primitive homo sapien . they continue toward we , the wind beat against they , camera be craning down to the snow that lie before they . to large three - toed track . following the primitive as they track the three - to print to a rocky crevice in the hard - pack ice . the print stop here , and so do the man . drop down into the crevice in pursuit of they quarry . CUT to : int . ice cave Dark in here , except where the sunlight penetrate the thick , glassy ice wall . the silhouettes of the primitive stark against the glisten cavern . the sound of flint be strike , then a torch catch FIRE , illuminate they face . and : a creature deeper in the cave . fleeing the light and the man . we get only a brief glimpse of it in the torch light , see that it move upright on two leg and have gray , dinosaur- like skin . and large black eye . but it move quickly enough away that any other identify feature be lose in the deeper shadow . the primitive removing crude weapon make of sharpen bone from under they thick fur garment , and scrabbling into the constrict cavern , give chase . follow they as they move with animal - like agility through the tightening space . predatory hunter . they torchlight catch : the creature as it disappear into a tight open in a smaller crevice lead off the main one . the primitive enter frame after a moment , only a few step behind . the lead primitive drop to the cave floor , pull himself into this same tight fissure in pursuit . split off from he partner who exit frame still on the run . int . smaller ice cave - high angle down the fiery torch come through first , hold by the lead man . throw dance shadow on the wall of what appear to be a box cavern . close on lead primitive rising quickly to he foot . not see what the torch illuminate just behind he : the face of a dead primitive man , he body freeze into the ice . he do finally notice this , turn to see it , when he 's attacked viciously from behind . the torch fall to the floor so that the fight be difficult to see , but it be loud and cruel . the creature squealing wildly as the grunt of the primitive now turn to the sound of painful struggle . until : the second primitive man suddenly appear , drive he bone weapon into the body of the creature . again and again , until the creature be drive away into the shadow . the second man grab the torch now , not to see if he hunt mate have survive , but in pursuit of the creature . in the light we see that he and he weapon be cover with spatter of oily black blood . as be the first primitive whose body lie heaving on the floor . the second primitive step over he hunt mate , stalking the creature into the shadow , where it have collapse . the torch finally landing , for the first time , on its face . when the torchlight hit its face , the creature attack . but the primitive prevail . he drop he torch and dispatch the already wounded creature with strong hard stab of he weapon , one of which penetrate the creature 's eye . low angle on the dead creature the torch , which lie on the ground , illuminate the dead creature 's face . its wound be flow with the oily black blood , which , oddly now , begins to pool . as if it have intelligence , sentience . pool and travel into a fissure in the cave floor . and disappear . angle on the second primitive watch this , unknow . his chest heaving from the fight , as the spot of oily Black blood which have spatter onto he begin to crawl . crawl toward he eye and mouth . cause he to let out grunt of fear . which be the sound we hear as the camera slowly crane up past the struggle primitive to the roof of the cave , where the dance shadow of the torch fade away with the sound of struggle . move into darkness and silence . but only for a moment . until : sunshine break through the roof of the cave - present day along with the spade of a shovel . and then -- the earthen cave ceiling give way and a boy wear nike and a old t-shirt fall through it . falling past camera . we hear a yell , then a thud , and a clatter of the shovel that 's fall in with he . then a pain gasping . then several head appear in the open . this be boy of ten to eleven , stare down into the cave . hot sunlight blaze in . we have travel far , far forward in time . 2 nd boy hey , stevie . you okay ? int . cave - present day there Pov of stevie on the floor below cover with dirt , in he nose and mouth . spit out . ( all this boy have Texas in they voice . ) stevie I get ... I get .... I get .... ( strain ) .... the wind knock out of I . this draw no sympathy from above , only laughter . the boy up above stare excitedly . 3rd boy look like a cave or something . 2 nd boy what 's down there , stevie ? anything ? over the boy above stevie have get up , move out of the patch of sunlight . disappear from view for a moment . then reappearing , still spitting out dirt . but hold : stevie human skull . one side partially miss from the cranium . but it bring whoops of delight from the boy above . 3rd boy toss it up here , dude . stevie no way , buttwipe . I find it . it 's mine . angle up on stevie the other boy look down at he . stevie look at the skull . strangely , the light shine through it . it be milky , opaque , as if it 's bone that 's turn somehow glassy in place . then : stevie anyway , there 's bone all over the place down here . stevie look down at he foot . camera following he look down to where there be indeed more human bone . and something else . he take a couple of step in place , stand in a familiar black , oily substance -- which be climb up he tennis shoe from the rock floor , over the edge of the shoe and down into the shoe itself . then the skull drop in the frame , clatter on the hard floor of the cave . camera slowly rising up from stevie' shoe follow subcutaneous worm which have begin locomote aggressively up he leg . as he whole body be wracked by a shiver seizure of some kind . camera rise , follow the path of the worm as they move up the leg of he short . some appear on he bare arm , but the great majority continue up to stevie 's neck , toward he face . stevie stand paralyze . letting out guttural sound not dissimilar to when the wind be knock out of he . 3rd boy ( o.s. ) hey , stevie .... but stevie can not answer he . camera continuing up to the boy above . look down at they friend . they eye go wide . 2 nd boy you okay ? but what they see next answer that question for they . there Pov of stevie his face suddenly alive with the subcutaneous worm . move toward he eye which begin fill with black oil . look much now like alien eye . close on the boy above freak by what they see . and do what any kid would do now . 3rd boy hey , man . let 's get outta here . and they do . bolt from the hole in the top of the cave . camera pushing up through this hole to reveal we be : ext . SMALL dirt field - northern TEXAS - day in a dirt hole that be be dig by the three kid . rising up out of the hole to reveal the parched dirt patch where three kide be run away from we , as fast as they foot will take they . toward a new housing tract ( five floorplan to choose from , include the model home . ) disappear into the neighborhood . a legend appear : NORTH TEXAS , 1998 . camera continue rising above the rooftop to see the surround expanse of empty Texas flatland . and in the distance , the dallas skyline . as camera settle , there be a few moment of nothing but the sound of the wind gently whistling across the landscape . in which we bury a short time CUT . ext . neighborhood - northern TEXAS - day then we hear it , before we see it : FIRE engine pull into the neighborhood , siren wailing . camera dropping again as the lead engine pull up . firemen be hopping off , move to the hole the boy dig . low angle up from below ground level , in the dugout hole two firemen carry a ladder clamber down past camera , three other appear on they heel . the other two firemen clamber down , too . the captain at the edge of the hole watch they . holding a radio . FIRE captain this be Captain mile coole ... we have get a rescue situation in progress ... int . cave - continuous as the lead fireman step down the ladder into the cave . he scan the darkness , illuminate only by the shaft of light permit by the hole above . as the 2nd fireman drop down next to he . the both stand motionless now , as if sense something . there Pov stevie 's foot be just visible on the floor of the cave , a short distance away . resume firemen - low angle they start cautiously toward stevie . camera finding they foot . track through the same oily , black substance we see bleed from the creature thirty five thousand year ago . as they move into the shadow , we hold on the substance .... and see it move . it 's alive . time CUT to : ext . dirt field - short time later camera rise out of the dirt hole , find a group of neighbor : concerned parent , kide , include stevie 's friend . they be hold at a distance by the remain firemen . everyone turn they concerned gaze skyward . look at : a med-evac chopper come off the sun-setting horizon . move toward we at high speed . the whop , whop of its blade soon shaking the neighborhood as it bank in and around and hover just over the dirt field . landing gently on the parched hard scrabble . the side door fly open and five haz - mat rescue paramedics jump out carry a bubble litter . camera pan they to the dirt hole past the FIRE captain . the haz - Mat paramedics move down into the hole . the Fire Captain watch this , then stare toward -- dr . BEN bronschweig ( in shirtsleeve , tie ) , exite the chopper , follow up the rear . the Captain meeting he in route . bronschweig ( over the chopper ) keep that people back . get they out of here . FIRE captain ( to he man ) move they all back . ( dogging bronschweig ) I send four man down after the boy . they be not respond . Dr. bronschweig 's focus be elsewhere , though . he 's make a bee line to the earthen hole where young stevie be be pull out and lift into a enclose quarantine bubble litter by the rescue squad . bronschweig watch with great concern . get a good look now at stevie 's paralyze body as it pass he . angle on chopper as stevie 's body be load aboard , the side door be sly shut . the engine throttles up and the chopper take flight again , almost as quickly as it arrive . the prop wash blow : dr . bronschweig and the gather crowd . bronschweig watch the chopper bank away , then turn he look to : the neighborhood where a series of unmarked cargo van , truck be roll in . a fleet of vehicle , drive by what look like military personnel . most conspicuously two white unmarked tanker truck . ( there be no marking on this vehicle . ) resume bronschweig as the Fire Captain move around to face he off . FIRE captain what about my man ? dr . bronschweig ( brusquely ) we be do all we can . and he move off toward the approach truck where the military personnel be pull out tent , tent pole , scientific equipment . leave the Captain to wonder what the hell 's go on . watch the first of many refrigeration unit be unload . the personnel carry it pay he no mind as they blow past he . move right to camera and plunging we into black . hold . then over black , a familiar sound again . the sound of a chopper augure in . as we fade up , revealing we be : ext . top of a skyscraper - day the chopper be banking over the side of the building , prepare to touch down on the rooftop where fifteen FBI agent in dark id windbreaker be stand . a legend appear : federal build , dallas , TEXAS . one week later . the chopper touch down and , again , the side door be throw open . but now only one man exit : special agent in charge ( s.a.c . ) darius michaud . michaud move with the measure pace of authority , approach the wait FBI Agents . one of whom step up . FBI agent we have evacuate the building and be through it bottom to top . no trace of a explosive device or anything resembling one . s.a.c. michaud have you take the dog through ? FBI agent yes , sir . s.a.c. michaud well , take they through again . this be give as a non-negotiable order , to the somewhat weary FBI man . who turn back to he charge , michaud do not register this attitude , though . something else have catch he attention . cause he to walk to the edge of the building . camera following he , see what he see now . on a adjacent skyscraper be what appear to be a FBI agent in a id windbreaker exite onto the roof . camera continuing around into a close up profile of s.a.c michaud . stare at this , he jaw set . he do not like what he see . and what he see be : ext . rooftop opposing skyscraper - day - continuous special agent dana scully be come out the door lead onto the roof . the door slam shut behind she . she , too , be dress in a FBI windbreaker . she 's dial she cell phone as she move around the rooftop look for something . dial the number of : scully mulder -- it 's I -- mulder ( filter ) where be you , scully ? scully I be on the roof . mulder ( filter ) do you find something ? scully ( impatiently ) no. I have not . mulder ( filter ) what 's wrong , scully ? scully I have just climb twelve floor . I be hot and thirsty and I be wonder , to be honest , what I be do here . mulder ( filter ) you be look for a bomb . scully I know that . but the threat be call in for the Federal Building across the street . mulder ( filter ) I think they have that cover . we be tracking with scully . scully ( impatience ) mulder ... when a terrorist bomb threat be call in , the logical purpose of provide this information be to allow we to find the bomb . the rational object of terrorism be to promote terror . if you would study model behavioral pattern in virtually every case where a threat have turn up a explosive device . if we do not act in accordance with that data -- if you ignore it as we have do -- the chance be great that if here actually be a bomb we might not find it . live could be lose -- scully , engross in she own argument , realize she 's be the only one speak for the last short while . she stop walk . scully mulder ...? mulder what happen to play a hunch ? scully almost jump out of she own skin . the voice have come not over the phone , but from two foot away where : angle to include agent mulder stand in the shadow of a large air conditioning unit . crack a trademark sunflower seed between he tooth . click he cell phone off . move out . scully Jesus , mulder ... mulder the element of surprise , scully . random act of unpredictability . if we fail to anticipate the unforeseen or expect the unexpected in a universe of infinite possibility , we find ourselves at the mercy of anyone or anything that cannot be program , categorize or easily reference ... mulder have move to the edge of the building where he sail he sunflower seed into the air . dusting he hand off as if lose in a wistful through for just a moment . mulder what be we do up here ? it 's hotter than hell . and he 's on the move . scully move to catch up . new angle mulder be move toward the stair , scully catch he . mulder allow she to lead he up the step . scully I know you be bored in this assignment , but unconventional think be only go to get you into trouble now . mulder how 's that ? scully you have get to quit look for what be not there . they have close the X - file . there 's procedure to be follow here . protocol . mulder what do you say we call in a bomb threat for Houston . I think it 's free beer night at the astrodome . scully give he a look . it 's no use . she reach the door first , grab the knob but ... it will not open . turn to mulder . scully now what ? mulder ( suddenly nervous ) it 's lock ? she wiggle the knob again . scully so much for anticipate the unforeseen ... scully squint into the sun , stare at mulder . but he 's quick on the draw , and realize what she 's up to . he grab for the door and ... it open . look to scully whose hard look of mock -scold have become a smirk smile . scully have you . mulder no you do not . scully oh yeah . have you big time . and that 's how it continue as they re-enter the stairwell , the door slamm shut behind they . CUT to : int . build lobby - day as a elevator ding and the door open . scully and mulder exit into the lobby where people move in and out . head turn due to they FBI jacket . ( include atmosphere : a group of kide on a field trip , be lead into a elevator by there teacher . ) scully I see you face , mulder . there be a moment of panic . mulder panic ? have you ever see I panic , scully ? scully I just do . you be buy . mulder fish for change , but more out of sportsmanship . mulder alright ... what will it be : Coke , pepsi ? a saline iv ? scully something sweet . scully flash a thin victory smile , as mulder head off . int . hallway outside vending machine room - continuous mulder move to a door with a small shingle above it which say snack / beverage . as he approach , sorting through the change he 's fished up , the door open and a man in a vendor' uniform appear . he make casual and ever- so- brief eye contact with mulder as he brushes past he . mulder make no note of this as he move to catch the door before it close . CUT to : int . snack area and soda vending machine room - day mulder take a few step down into the windowless room . move past the snack machine to a lighted soda machine . find the correct change and plunk it in . hitting a button , but ... nothing come out . mulder oh , come on . he beat he fist a couple of time on the front of the machine . nothing . he find more change . plunk it in . Hit the button . nothing . he stare at the machine a minute , then beat it hard with he fist . nothing . move around to the back of the machine , look for : angle across back of machine mulder 's face peer in on the slim space between the machine and the wall . reaching down and lift the plug on the end of the electrical cord . it be not plugge in . realizing now why the machine have not spit out he soda . resume front angle on machine as mulder appear , step very lightly in front of the machine that he be just pound away on . look at it , then move quickly to the door he enter through . grasp the knob , but find it ... locked . he jiggle the knob , pull on it . but there 's no two way about it , he 's lock in . CUT to : int . build lobby - day scully stand look at she watch . wonder where mulder be . when she cell phone start ringing . she answer it . scully scully ... mulder ( filter ) scully , I find the bomb . scully ( think he 's joke ) where be you , mulder ? mulder ( filter ) I be in the vend room . scully be on the move , but she do not believe he for a second . int . hallway outside vending machine room - continuous scully appear , hear a pounding . follow this noise to the door mulder be obviously on the other side of . tries the door . scully be that you pound ? int . snack and soda vending machine room - day mulder hold he phone to he ear , use he other hand to pound . mulder scully , get somebody to open this door . scully ( filter ) Nice try , mulder . camera following mulder as he step back , revealing now that he 's get the hinge front of the coke machine open . but we can not yet see what 's inside . mulder scully -- listen to I . it 's in the coke machine . you have get about fourteen minute to get this building evacuate . int . hallway outside vending machine room - continuous scully be shaking she head . tries the door again . scully c'mon . open the door . his response to this be more hard pounding . scully mulder ? tell I this be a joke . mulder ( filter ) thirteen fifty nine , thirteen fifty eight , thirteen fifty seven ... as he be do this , scully be bend to see : the keyhole it 's be freshly solder over . int . snack and soda vending machine room - day mulder stand pace in front of : a elaborately engineered explosive device wire with circuit board , electric belt and generally look like it would take a expert a good long time to figure out where to even start . a lot longer than the 13:58 that read on the digital read-out . mulder ... thirteen fifty six ... scully ( filter ) hang on . I be gonna get you out of there . the line go dead . and off mulder 's deepen anxiety , we : CUT to : int . build lobby - day scully enter like General patton , take charge . barking at the security guard who sit behind they security console . scully I need this building evacuate and clear out in ten minute ! I need you to get on the phone and tell the fire department to block off the city center in one mile radius around the building -- security guard in ten minute .....?! scully don't think ! just pick up the phone and make it happen ! and she 's move , dial she cell phone now . scully ( into phone ) this be special agent dana scully . I need to speak to s.a.c. michaud . he 's get the wrong building -- CUT to : ext . build - day unmarked FBI van , car be pull up out front . Agents in windbreaker be exite , move at a run to the building . among they s.a.c. Darius michaud . move to : angle on scully exiting the building . behind she , worker be beginning to stream out of the building , as well as the young field tripper . michaud meeting up with scully mid-plaza . as the windbreaker Agents move past they , enter the building . s.a.c. michaud where be it ? moving with they now , back toward the building . as FIRE truck be pull up out in the street out front . suddenly this have the distinct feel of a situation veer out of control . scully mulder find it in a vend machine . he 's lock in with it . CUT to : int . snack and vending machine room - day the digital read out hit 7:00 . pull back to reveal mulder stare at it . if he be not sweat enough on the roof , he 's certainly sweat now . when he cell phone ring . answer it . mulder scully ? scully ( filter ) mulder . move away from the door . we be come through it . no sooner be this say than the camera whip off mulder to the door , where a gas plasma torch flame be sizzling along the hinge . CUT to : int . hallway outside vending machine room - continuous where michaud himself , wear a kevlar vest now , be wield the torch . expertly cut the metal while scully and two agent and two dallas bomb squad man look on . in the b.g. build employees be stream out . michaud finish and shut off the torch . yelling : s.a.c. michaud go. the other Agents kick the metal door in send it crash to the floor . mulder stand on the other side . watch michaud pick up a heft tool kit , step over the down door . scully right behind he . along with the Agents , bomb tech . angle over mulder and the soda machine / bomb as michaud step in next to he , size up the time on the tick digital readout : 4:07 . and just exactly what kind of defuse work he 's get cut out for he . mulder tell I this be just soda pop in that canister . s.a.c. michaud no . it 's what it look like . a big i.e.d. - ten gallon of astrolite . ( study the bomb ) okay , get everybody out of here and clear the building . mulder somebody 's get to stay with you -- s.a.c. michaud I give you a order . now get the hell out of here and evacuate the area . scully can you defuse it ? setting he tool kit down , open it . as the other Agents heed he word , exite the room . s.a.c. michaud I think so . mulder you have get about four minute to find out if you be wrong . michaud turn on he with unexpected intensity . s.a.c. michaud do you hear what I say ? scully let 's go , mulder . scully start out . mulder stare at michaud for a moment , but michaud 's focus be on the bomb now . he will not meet mulder 's look . finally mulder move off , follow scully . camera hold on michaud , just stare at the bomb . just stare . CUT to : ext . plaza outside bomb build - day - continuous the last of the building occupant be be haul off in CITY buse which have move in curbside . as this bus pull away , so do the fire truck that have position themselves out front . and the police squad car . as mulder and scully exit the front door . move quickly , until mulder hit mid-plaza and slow . scully not realize this for a few step , then turn . scully what be you do ? ( off he non-response ) mulder -- one last windbreakered agent be exite . move past they to the last cop car other than the car wait for mulder and scully . last agent out all clear . mulder have stop and be look back to the building now as scully hustle back the few step separate they . mulder something 's wrong . angle over they to the waiting car as the last agent out 's car zoom away . leave only they car and the man drive it : a windbreakered agent . windbreakered agent what 's he do ? the plaza be desolate now , void of life . mulder something 's not right ... scully -- mulder ! get in the car ! scully be pull he now . pull he toward the car and the obviously impatient windbreakered agent . scully there 's no time ! CUT to : int . snack and soda vending machine room - day close on bomb . the second tick off now , as it pass the :30 mark . camera pulling back , adjusting to michaud . his tool chest be close up , and he be sit on it improbably . still stare at the bomb , then pull he head down in what appear to be resignation . as the second tick away . CUT back to : ext . plaza outside bomb build - day - continuous mulder have relent now , against he better instinct . move with scully to the car , faster as they go . the windbreaker agent stand in the open door of the driver 's side . get in behind the wheel ... CUT back to : int . vending machine room - continuous s.a.c. michaud sitting motionless in front of the bomb as the second tick down . 8-7-6-5-4-3-2-1 - -- hard CUT back to : ext . plaza outside bomb build - day - continuous mulder and scully get in the car . tracking backward with they now as the agent drive pull away , get only thirty , maybe forty yard when : the bomb detonate and the building explode . and this be no fatwa symbolic little terror strike . this be Oklahoma City . or do we say , Independence Day . reverse angle on car as all the window blow out and the car be lift up , slamm into the corner of a park car . the air so quickly full of debris that it would seem the whole city have be destroy . resume build as the debris start to clear somewhat , much of it still float to the ground , though . we see the fire raging on every floor . that most of the front of the building have be tear away and we can see right into many floor . resume angle on car where it sit half cocked against a park car . the air be full of debris , particulate matter . the rear door of the squad car open now and mulder get out , cover with glass . move to the front passenger door , open it for scully . mulder ( with darkest irony ) next time you be buy . ext . aerial shot of WASHINGTON D.C. - day high above the U.S. capital , the entire beltway . with a legend , to establish . lower and tighter now on the J. Edgar Hoover Building , FBI headquarters . descend low on the three - sided monolith and its large interior courtyard . as another legend appear , under : woman' voice ( v.o. ) in light of waco , and Ruby Ridge ... CUT to : int . FBI office of professional review - day a formal hearing . several assistant director sit at a head table , go over document . name placecard in front of they . panning the group , the sound of papers shuffle , the occasional clear of a throat create a stale air of importance , under : woman' voice ( v.o. ) ... there be a heighten need at the Attorney General 's office to place responsibility as early as possible . camera landing on assistant director jana cassidy a no - nonsense 40 year - old lawyer cum FBI agent . cassidy ... for the catastrophic destruction of public property and the loss of life due to terrorist activity ... next to cassidy be Assistant director walter skinner , mulder and scully 's former superior on the X - file . look ruefully at : agent scully at a small table , the chair next to she conspicuously empty . cassidy many detail be still unclear ; some agent ' report have not be file , or have come in sketchy , without a satisfactory accounting of the event that lead to the destruction in Dallas . but we be under some pressure to give a accurate picture of what happen to the Attorney General , so she can issue a public statement . the door to the room open behind scully now , and mulder enter , he manner that of a man who know he 's late to a function . resume a.d. cassidy she look up at mulder and scully with a stern glare . cassidy we now know that five people die in the explosion . special agent in charge Darius michaud who be try to defuse the bomb that have be hide in a vend machine . Three firemen from Dallas , and a young boy . over mulder and scully mulder pull out he chair to sit down , but remain stand . they trade a look . this be new news to they . mulder Excuse I -- the firemen and the boy -- they be in the building ? cassidy agent mulder , since you be not able to be on time for this hearing , I be go to ask you to step outside so that we can get agent scully 's version of the fact . so that she will not have to be pay the same disrespect . mulder we be tell the building be clear . cassidy you will get you turn , agent mulder . please step out . mulder trade look with : a.d. skinner who stare at he evenly , but not unsympathetically . he 's be here with mulder on many occasion . see mulder run up against the Bureau and its stiff convention . always in the middle . mulder it do say there in you paperwork that we be the one who find the bomb ... cassidy thank you , agent mulder . we will call you in shortly . resume mulder , scully as mulder slide he chair in . scully watch he exit . CUT to : int . hallway outside opr hearing room - day mulder sit by himself in a chair , head down . when the door to the hearing room open . mulder rise as a.d. Skinner exit . skinner sit down , they be still talk to agent scully . mulder about what ? skinner -- they be ask she for a narrative . they want to know why she be in the wrong building . mulder she be with I . Skinner study mulder , shaking he head . skinner you do not see what 's go on here , do you ? ( off mulder 's look ) there 's four hundred million dollar in damage to the city of Dallas . live have be lose . no suspect have be name . so the story be shape be this could have be prevent . that the FBI do not do its job . mulder and they want to blame we ? skinner agent mulder -- we both know that if you and agent scully have not take the initiative to search the adjacent building , you could have multiply the fatality by a hundred -- mulder ( grasp the irony ) but it 's not the life we save . it 's the life we do not . skinner ( recite the dictum ) -- if it look bad , it 's bad for the FBI -- mulder -- if they want someone to blame , they can blame I . agent scully do not deserve this . skinner she 's in there right now say the same thing about you . mulder I breach protocol . I break contact with the s.a.c . I ignore a primary tactical rule and leave he alone with the device . skinner agent scully say it be she who order you out of the building . that you want to go back . mulder do not get to respond , because the door open again and agent scully exit . she look like she 's be through it . scully ( to Skinner ) they be ask for you , Sir . Skinner give one last look to mulder , then re-enter . leave mulder and scully alone . scully wear a pain look . mulder whatever you tell they in there , you do not have to protect I . scully all I tell they be the truth . mulder they be try to divide we on this , scully . we can not let they . scully they have divide we , mulder . they be split we up . mulder ( beat ) what ? what be you talk about ? scully I meet with the opr day after tomorrow for remediation and reassignment ... mulder why ? scully I think you must have a idea . they cite a history of problem relate back to 1993 . mulder they be the one that put we together . scully because they want I to invalidate you work , you investigation into the paranormal . but I think this go deeper than that . mulder this be not about you , scully . they be do this to I . scully they be not do this , mulder . ( off he look ) I leave behind a career in medicine because I think I might make a difference at the FBI . when they recruit I they tell I woman make up nine percent of the bureau . I feel this be not a impediment , but a opportunity to distinguish myself . but it have not turn out that way . and now , if I be to be transfer to omaha , or wichita or some field office where I be sure I could rise , it just do not hold the interest for I it once do . not after what I have see and do . mulder you be ... quit ? scully there 's really no reason leave for I to stay anymore . ( off he look ) maybe you should ask yourself if you heart 's still in it , too . the door open to the hearing room again now . a.d. Skinner step part way out , gesture to he . skinner agent mulder . you be up . scully ( regretfully ) I be sorry . good luck . mulder rise . scully study he poorly disguise hurt . before he turn and go into the room . scully watch the door close behind he . her feeling poorly disguise , too . CUT to : int . downscale D.C. bar - night close on a shooter of tequila be pour . camera adjusting to reveal the attractive barmaid tipping the bottle . push it across the bar to where two empty shooter sit , make the exchange . barmaid I would say this about exceed you minimum daily requirement . the person she 's talk to we : mulder he sit by himself on a stool , stare down at the bar . stare at the shooter which he spin with he finger . barmaid gotta train for this kind of heavy lift . mulder toss back the shooter anyway . she watch he as she retrieve the small shot glass , intrigue by he dark silence . barmaid poopy day ? mulder yup . barmaid a woman ? ( mulder shake he head no ) work . mulder nod , point to the tequila bottle again . the barmaid agree to pour another one , reluctantly . angle over to a man at the end of the bar stare at mulder intently . he 's older than mulder , dress in a old brooke Brothers light summer suit . mulder notice he , feel he gaze , but do not give it think . resume barmaid , mulder barmaid what do you do ? mulder what do I do . ( off she curious look ) I be a key figure in a ongoing government charade . a annoyance to my superior . a joke among my peer . " spooky , " they call I . spooky mulder . whose sister be abduct by alien when he be a kid . who now chase little green man with a badge and a gun , shouting to the heaven and anyone who will listen that the fix be in . that we government 's hip to the truth and a part of the conspiracy . that the sky be fall and when it hit it 's gonna be the shitstorm of all time . she stare at he for a moment , startle by he drunken screed . she pull back the shooter she 's just pour mulder . barmaid I think that about do it , spooky . mulder do what ? barmaid why do not you go home to the old lady -- mulder sorry . do not have one . mulder slide off he stool , notice : mulder' Pov the watchful man be go . resume mulder he feint toward the door , then reverse direction . head to the back of the place . int . rear of downscale bar - night - continuous mulder appear , move to the bathroom door . only to find a out of order sign on it . he move to the woman 's room , but it 's lock . gather what 's leave of he wit , mulder do what any red-blooded man would do in this situation . he go to the back door of the bar and exit into the alley . ext . alley behind bar - night mulder have find a place against a wall , between two dumpster . jerk around in surprise at the sound of a voice . watchful man' voice that official FBI business ? mulder ( startle ) what ? angle to include the man from the bar he 's not far from mulder . his name be kurtzweil . kurtzweil Bet the Bureau 's accuse you of the same thing in Dallas . mulder 's weird out as the stranger move to he un - threateningly . mulder how 's that ? kurtzweil stand around hold you yank while bomb be explode . kurtzweil enjoy a little laugh over this . mulder do I know you ? kurtzweil no . I have be watch you career for a good while . back when you be just a promise young agent -- before that . mulder stare at this man as he finish , zipping up . mulder you follow I out here for a reason ? kurtzweil yeah , I do . kurtzweil unzip he own pants now . there be a moment ; one of that awkward moment where mulder 's not sure what 's about to happen . but kurtzweil 's just relieving himself , too . shuffle up to the wall , mulder take this as a opportunity to head back toward the bar . but kurtzweil hail he again . kurtzweil my name 's kurtzweil . Dr. Alvin kurtzweil . mulder I know the name . why ? kurtzweil Old friend of you father 's . kurtzweil continue pee . know this get mulder 's attention . kurtzweil back at the Department of State . we be what you might call fellow traveler , but he disenchantment outlast mine . ( beat ) I never believe in the Project . mulder stare at kurtzweil now . he 's be toy with . he turn , open the door into the bar . as kurtzweil get a little louder . kurtzweil oh , come on . do not pretend you do not know about the Project . you father die for it . you sister be take because of it . kurtzweil finish nature 's call . Zip up . head after mulder . CUT to : int . downscale D.C. bar - night mulder be come from the back . kurtzweil move to catch up . and he do , at the coat stand . the place have pretty much clear out , except for the barmaid and some help . mulder how would you find I ? kurtzweil Heard you come here now and again . figure you would be need a little drinky tonight . mulder you a reporter ? kurtzweil I be a doctor , but I think I mention that . ob - gyn . mulder who send you ? kurtzweil I come on my own . after read about the bombing in Dallas . mulder well , if you have get something to tell I , you have get as long as it take I to hail a cab ... mulder start out the door , but kurtzweil grab he arm . kurtzweil they be go to pin Dallas on you , agent mulder . but there be nothing you could have do . nothing anyone could have do to prevent that bomb from go off . because the truth be something you would never have guess ; never have predict . mulder pull away from kurtzweil , but kurtzweil dog he to : ext . STREET outside downscale bar - night the street be empty , the hour be late . mulder move to the curb . mulder and what 's that ? kurtzweil s.a.c . Darius michaud never try or intend to defuse the bomb . mulder ( rhetorical disbelief ) he just let it explode . kurtzweil what 's the question nobody 's ask ? why that building ? why not the Federal Building ? mulder the Federal Building be too well guard . kurtzweil no . they put the bomb in the building across the street because it did have federal office . the Federal emergency management Agency have a provisional medical quarantine office there . which be where the body be find . but that 's the thing ... mulder 's get he hand up for a taxi come . it 's pull over as mulder step from the curb , step away from kurtzweil . kurtzweil ... the thing you do not know . that you would never think to check . mulder 's get the taxi door open , turn to kurtzweil . kurtzweil that people be already dead . mulder before the bomb go off ? kurtzweil that 's what I be say . mulder stare at kurtzweil for a moment . mulder michaud be a twenty - two year veteran of the bureau -- kurtzweil michaud be a patriot . the man he 's loyal to know they way around Dallas . they blow that building to hide something . maybe something even they could not predict . mulder you be say they destroy a entire building to hide the body of three firemen ...? kurtzweil and one little boy . mulder get in the cab , close the door . roll down the window . mulder I think you be full of shit . kurtzweil do you ? kurtzweil rap the top of the roof and step away from the car . as the taxi take off . we stay with kurtzweil , watch mulder 's cab speed away . ( note : this should also be cover from inside the cab with mulder , to play the scene out on he . ) CUT to : int . agent scully' bedroom - night scully be in bed , lie awake . stare at the ceiling . when she react to a pounding at her door . CUT to : int . scully' apartment - night close on the front door . scully peek in the peephole . then she remove the safety chain , open the door . mulder ( strangely intense ) I wake you ? scully no . mulder why not ? it 's three am . scully get a whiff of he breath . as he move past she into the apartment . radiating a kind of manic intensity . scully be you drunk , mulder ? mulder I be until about a hour ago . scully be that before or after you get the idea to come here ? mulder look at she curiously . mulder what be you imply , scully ? scully ( frown ) I think you may have get drunk and decide to come here to talk I out of quit . mulder be that what you would like I to do ? scully hesitates . Long enough to indicate she own waver heart . scully go home , mulder . it 's late . mulder get dress , scully . scully mulder -- what be you do ? mulder just get dress . I will explain on the way . CUT to : ext . TEXAS flatland - night the moon be rise over the horizon , across the curvilinear distance of endless scrub and sagebrush . when flying object cross between it and we , they form unidentifiable in the rise heat wave off the earth . but they be move towards we , silhouettes in the background of the moon . they move silently , they size increasing as they move closer . and then we hear they , moment before they arrive at we position , unmarked helicopter just overhead . hugging the ground as they blast across the dark Texas night . int . unmarked black helicopter - night Flying at dangerously low altitude over the almost featureless night landscape . head for something that we see ahead in the distance . what look like a large glowing dome surround by the light of a residential area we have already see , on the edge of suburban Dallas sprawl . CUT to : ext . SMALL dirt field - central TEXAS - night the field where the kid have be digging have be transformed into some kind of worksite . a large white dome tent have be erect over almost the entire patch of ground , surround by the cargo truck that we see earlier , and more unmark van and truck . there be man in black fatigue move about , and scientist in haz - mat suit . as the unmarked black helicopter bank overhead . come in for a landing in the glow cast from the tent . camera moving toward one of the helicopter as it lightly touch down and its black door swing open . a man step out , and as camera push up into he face we recognize he as the cigarette smoke man . the figure that we have come to know as a assassin and a model of modern self - interest and amorality . one of the central protagonist in the conspiracy to keep the truth from the american people about the existence of extraterrestrial life . something know only as : " the Project . " he walk out from under the whirring prop , just far enough to get a flame from he lighter , to get a cigarette light . as we : CUT to : int . large white tent - night - continuous a scientist in a haz - mat suit be move through the maze of clear plastic tub that divide work area within the tent . area where scientist be work at table do what appear to be some kind of high - tech archeological work . it be a hive of activity within , as the scientist lead we past the refrigeration unit to the earthen hole where Dr. bronschweig ( we have meet he earlier , come out of a mo -evac chopper that land when the tent city be erect ) appear out of the earthen hole , which be reason for all this excitement . climb out a clear hatch which have be fashioned to cover the hole . see : the cigarette smoking man now suite up himself . bronschweig approach he . cigarette smoking man you have get something to show I . dr . bronschweig ( nervous excitement ) yes . CUT to : int . ice cave - continuous what we originally establish as icy , and what later become the unfrozen Texas field where the boy discover the human skull , have be turn to its previously icy state . thanks to two large vent that Dr. bronschweig be point at : dr . bronschweig we bring the atmosphere back down to freezing in order to control the development , which be nothing like we have ever see . cigarette smoking man bring on by what ? dr . bronschweig heat , I think . the coincident invasion of a host , the fireman , and a environment that raise he basic body temperature above ninety eight point six . they step over to a section of the cave which have be drape with more plastic , the light from inside this be give off a cool blue light ( pass by two portable drilling rig which have be erect , they pump move up and down like rock horse . ) bronschweig push away the plastic , revealing a man lie on a gurney drape in plastic . he be hook up to various and sundry machine which be monitoring he life sign . his skin have turn almost translucent , the vein and capillary now clearly visible , as be he pulse . his heartbeat send life-sustaining blood and energy through he body . cigarette smoking man this man 's still alive . dr . bronschweig technically and biologically , though he will never recover . the csm be shaking he head in nervous , uneasy wonder . cigarette smoking man how can this be ? dr . bronschweig the develop organism be use he life energy , digest bone and tissue . we have just slowed the process . bronschweig redirect a light so that it shine hard into the man 's face and ; then we see it . Movement . close on man' face though the man' eye still blink occasionally , we can actually see through he tissue and the bone in he skull to see something be live inside he . angle up on csm and bronschweig the cigarette smoke man 's mind be work intently on all the possibility , and consequence . dr . bronschweig do you want I to destroy this one , too ? before it gestate ? cigarette smoking man no. no ...we need to try we vaccine on it . dr . bronschweig and if it 's unsuccessful ? cigarette smoking man incinerate it . like the other . dr . bronschweig this man 's family will want to see the body laid to rest . cigarette smoking man tell they he be try to save the young boy 's life , and that he die heroically like the other firemen . dr . bronschweig of what ? cigarette smoking man they seem to buy we story about the hanta virus . you will make sure the family be take care of financially , along with a sizeable donation to the community . ( beat ) maybe a small roadside memorial . he watch the csm exit , then back to the prostrate fireman . close on prostrate fireman there be more movement within he body . within he chest and neck , as if the creature gestate inside be continue to stretch and grow . so that now we can see one of its black eye stare from through the clear flesh of the fireman . a eye which blink at we . as we : CUT to : int . bethesda naval hospital - night mulder and scully appear at the end of a long hall . move toward camera where a young naval guard sit in f.g . as a legend appear , to establish . mulder and scully move the long distance to the Guard 's station . where the Guard look up at they with military scrutiny . young naval guard id and floor you be visit . they both show they FBI id . mulder we be go to the morgue . young naval guard that area be currently off limit to anyone other than authorize medical personnel . mulder on whose order ? young naval guard General mcaddie 's . mulder do not miss a beat . mulder General mcaddie be who request we come here . we be awaken at three am and tell to get down here immediately . young naval guard I do not know anything about that . mulder well , call General mcaddie . young naval guard I do not have he number . mulder they can patch you in through the switchboard . the Guard be nervous about this , check he watch . he pick up the phone , go through a large directory . mulder hey ! we do not have time to dick around here watch you demonstrate you ignorance in the chain of command . the order come direct from General mcaddie . call he . we will conduct we business while you confirm authorization . mulder be already direct scully past the Naval Guard who tentatively pick up the phone again . young naval guard ( to they back ) why do not you go on ahead head and I will confirm authorization . mulder thank you . leading mulder and scully , move they have pull off a con . mulder why be a morgue suddenly off limit on order of a general ? CUT to : int . bethesda naval hospital - morgue freezer - night tracking table height across gurney where white sheet - wrap body lie . camera landing on scully . stand next to mulder who be undoing the peculiar ropey stitching on the sheet use to secure the body . scully this be one of the firemen who die in Dallas ? mulder accord to this tag . scully and you be look for ? scully I can tell you that without even look at he . ( off mulder 's look ) conclusive organ failure due to proximal exposure to source and fly debris . scully pull out a autopsy report that be laid on the gurney under the body of the sheet - wrap corpse . scully this body have already be autopsie , mulder . you can tell from the way it 's be wrap and dress . undeterred , mulder work to get the sheet off . the first thing we notice be that he 's still in he fireman 's uniform . his face look familiar to we , not because we know he , but because of the translucency of skin we see in the other fireman . ( we will also notice he 's miss a arm , a leg and large part of he torso . ) mulder do this fit the description you just read I , scully ? scully come around , reacting to what she see . scully oh my God . this man 's tissue ... scully be quickly remove a pair of latex glove , stretch they on to palpate the man 's tissue . mulder it 's like jelly . scully there 's some kind of cellular breakdown . it 's completely edematous . she palpate the spongy skin on the man 's face , neck . unbuttone the uniform now , see : scully and there 's be no autopsy perform . there 's no y incision here ; no internal exam . mulder you be tell I the cause of death on the report be false . that this man do not die from a explosion , or from fly debris . scully I do not know what kill this man . I be not sure if anybody else could claim to either . off mulder 's reaction to this : CUT to : int . morgue - pathology lab - night - minute later the gurney with the fireman be push through a pair of swinging door into the darken lab . scully flip the light on , look around at the giant facility . scully ( push he ) you know this man do not die at the bomb site before we get here . mulder I would be tell as much . scully you be say the bombing be a cover-up . of what ? mulder I do not know . but I have a hunch what you be go to find here be not anything that can be categorize or easily reference . scully mulder , this be go to take some time , and somebody 's go to figure out soon enough we be not even suppose to be here . ( beat ) I be in serious violation of medical ethic . mulder we be be blame for this death . scully , I want to know what this man die of . do not you ? scully stare at mulder , then back down at the body . how can she refuse , give the finality and the personal appeal of the request ? after a moment 's hesitation , she turn to the body , and to the tray table of tool nearby . resigned , if not resolve . CUT to : ext . WASHINGTON D.C. - night a legend appear : WASHINGTON D.C. , dupont circle . 4:00 am . the street be fairly empty , save for a garbage truck pick up the stack of green garbage bag laid out on the sidewalk . then a taxi turn off a main street , moving toward US . int . WASHINGTON D.C. STREET - taxi - night over mulder to the street : where the taxi be move forward toward a spot where two arlington PD cruiser be pull up to the curb . mulder check the address he have write down . mulder ( to the cabbie ) I think this be it up here . ext . side STREET - night the taxi pull over and mulder exit , start up the step of a walk up where the door be open . int . kurtiweil' apartment - night there be uniformed officer inside , and a detective . mulder step into a office . four payr of eye give he the once over . the detective step over to he . mulder be this Dr. kurtzweil 's residence ? detective ( suspiciously ) you get some kind of business with he ? mulder I be look for he . detective look for he for what ? mulder pull out he id , flash it at the detective . detective ( to he partner ) fed be look for he , too . ( turn to mulder ) Real nice business he 's get , huh ? mulder what 's that ? detective selling naked picture of little kid over he computer . mulder nod , though this be news to he . he step in a little further , notice a shelf line with book . they spine all have the author 's name write large : dr . alvin kurtzweil . mulder pick up one of this book , with the title : the four horsemen of the global domination conspiracy . detective you look for he for some other reason ? mulder yeah , I have a appointment for a pelvic examination . they stare at mulder like he 's a sicko . he smile and they break into raucous laughter . detective you want a call if we turn up kurtzweil ? mulder no . do not bother . mulder put the book back among the other on the shelf . and exit . onto : resume ext . kurtiweil' apartment - night mulder start up the street when he notice : mulder' Pov kurtzweil have step from between two apartment . he 's stare at mulder , nodd furtively to he . then step back . resume mulder slow , then speed up . ext . space between two apartment - night mulder appear at the end of the narrow walkway , find kurtzweil tuck a few yard in . kurtzweil see this bullshit ...? somebody know I be talk to you . mulder not accord to the man in blue . kurtzweil what be it ? kiddie porn again ? sexual battery of a patient ? I have have my license take away in three state . mulder they want to discredit you -- for what ? kurtzweil for what ? because I be a dangerous man . because I know too much about the truth . mulder you mean that apocalyptic trash you write ? I know you name be familiar . I just do not know why . kurtzweil you know my work ? mulder ( pointedly ) Dr. kurtzweil , I be not interested in bigote idea about race or genocide . I do not believe in the elder of Zion , the Knights templar , the bilderburg Group or in a oneworld Jew run government -- kurtzweil I do not either , but it sure sell book . he say it with a ironic smile . cause mulder to turn and start off . but kurtzweil hurry to grab he , to prevent this . kurtzweil I be right about Dallas . be not I , agent mulder ? mulder how ? kurtzweil I pick up the historical document of the venality and hypocrisy of the american government . the daily newspaper . mulder you say the firemen and the boy be find in the temporary office of the Federal emergency management Agency . why ? kurtzweil accord to the newspaper , fema have be call out to manage a outbreak of the hanta virus . be you familiar with the hanta virus , agent mulder ? mulder it be a deadly virus spread by field mouse in the Southwest U.S. several year ago . kurtzweil and be you familiar with fema ? what the Federal emergency management Agency 's real power be ? fema allow the White House to suspend constitutional government upon declaration of a national emergency . to create a non-elected government . think about that . ( beat ) what be a agency with such broad sweeping power do manage a small viral outbreak in suburban Texas ? mulder be you say it be not such a small outbreak ? kurtzweil be get intense now . kurtzweil I be say it be not the hanta virus . they be both give a start when a police cruiser roll by on the street , give a burp of its siren . it roll past as the two man tuck in tighter . mulder what be it ? kurtzweil when we be young man in the military , you father and I be recruit for a project . they tell we it be biological warfare . a virus . there be rumor about its origin . mulder what kill that man ? kurtzweil what kill they I will not even write about . I tell you , they would do more than just harass I . they have the future to protect . mulder I will know soon enough . kurtzweil ( work up ) what kill that man can not be identify in simple medical term . my god , we can not even wrap we mind around something as obvious as HIV . we have no context for what kill that man , or any appreciation of the scale in which it will be unleash in the future . of how it will be transmit ; of the environmental factor involved . mulder a plague ? kurtzweil the plague to end all plague , agent mulder . a silent weapon for a quiet war . the systematic release of a indiscriminate organism for which the man who will bring it on still have no cure . they have be work on this for fifty year . while the rest of the world be fight gook and commy this man have be secretly negotiate a plan armageddon . mulder negotiate with whom ? kurtzweil I think you know . the timetable have be set . it will happen on a holiday , when people be away from they home . when we elect official be at they resort or out of the country . the President will declare a state of emergency , at which time all federal agency , all government will come under the power of the Federal emergency management Agency . fema , agent mulder . the secret government . mulder and they tell I I be paranoid . kurtzweil something 's go wrong -- something unanticipate . go back to Dallas and dig . or you be only go to find out like the rest of the country , agent mulder . when it 's too late . kurtzweil turn , start off . mulder stare after he . then : mulder how can I reach you ? kurtzweil you can not . mulder move to catch up to kurtzweil , pull out he cell phone . kurtzweil stop , turn . truly and intensely paranoid . mulder make he take the cell phone . mulder no call Hawaii . mulder turn and move back out onto the street . CUT to : int . morgue - pathology lab - night agent scully wear a surgical mask , latex glove . work on the body of the fireman ... when she react to a noise . Doors open , close somewhere o.s. camera medium whip to a door where she and mulder enter the morgue . where ... the Young Naval Guard and two mps push through and enter . they stand look at : there Pov where scully stand moment ago , there be now just a unattend gurney . a sheet over the fireman 's body . scully be go . resume young naval guard , mps tense . listen , watchful . move into the room . CUT to : int . bethesda naval hospital - morgue freezer - night scully enter the space where she and mulder find the fireman 's body . try to quietly click the door shut . stand now near the door , tense , listen . when the chirping of she cell phone break the tense silence . she pat frantically at she coat , try to get it answer before it ring again . unsuccessfully . finally get a hold of it and hit the send button . scully sit breathe heavy , nervous breath -- wait for the Young Naval Guard to come run in . mulder' voice ( filter ) scully ...? she put the phone slowly up to she face . scully ( low whisper ) yeah . intercut with : int . phone booth - WASHINGTON D.C. - morning mulder 's at the pay phone . mulder why be you whisper ? scully I can not really talk right now . mulder what do you find ? scully evidence of a massive infection . mulder what kind of infection ? scully I do not know . mulder scully -- listen to I . I be go home , then I be book a flight to Dallas . I be get you a ticket , too . scully mulder -- mulder I need you there with I . I need you expertise on this . the bomb we find be mean to destroy that body and whatever they be infect by . scully I have get a hearing tomorrow -- mulder -- I will have you back for it , scully . maybe with evidence that could blow that meeting away . scully mulder -- I can not -- I be already way past the point of common sense here -- scully hear voice in the hall outside the freezer . CUT to : mulder mulder scully ...? hello ...? but the line off , go dead . mulder hang up the phone , frustrated . exit the booth in a hurry . CUT to : int . bethesda naval hospital - morgue freezer - night the door open and the Young Naval Guard step inside , follow by the mps . move into the room . low angle - tracking with the Naval Guard 's foot as they pass by the roll cart on which body be laid . tracking to find scully , where she hide under one of the cart . huddle and cold . the Guard 's foot stop near here . he stand motionless for a moment , then move off . hold she until the door slam shut . int . FBI office - dallas - morning - mulder enter a forensics lab with a field agent . a legend read : FBI field office , dallas : 11:20 am . field agent you be look for what amount to a needle in a haystack . I be afraid the explosion be so devastating there have not be a whole lot we have be able to put together just yet . they be walk amid box of evidence . stack of debris . there be forensic tech sorting through this material . it look like the most tedious and painstake job in the world . mulder I be look for anything out of the ordinary . maybe something from the fema office where the body be find . field agent we be not expect to find that remain , of course . they go right off to Washington . mulder be there anything in that office that do not go to d.c .? field agent some bone fragment come up in the sift this morning . we think there would be another fatality , but we find out fema have recover they from a archeological site out of town . mulder have you examine they ? field agent no . just fossil , far as I know . mulder be nodd , when both man look off at something that 's catch they attention o.s . mulder I would like this person to take a look , if you do not mind . there Pov - agent scully stand in the doorway to the lab . she look at mulder as if she 's come in spite of she misgiving . move toward they now . field agent let I just see if I can lay my hand on what you be look for . the field agent nod to scully as he pass , exite deeper into the room . leave mulder and scully by themselves momentarily . mulder you say you be not come ? scully I be not plan on it . particularly after spend a half hour in cold storage this morning . but I get a better look at the blood and tissue sample I take from the firemen . mulder what do you find ? scully ( voice lowering pointedly ) something I could not show to anyone else . not without more information . and not without cause the kind of attention I would just as soon avoid right now . ( off mulder 's look ) the virus that man be infect with contain a protein coat I have never see before . what it do to they it do extremely fast . and unlike the aids virus or any other aggressive strain , it survive very nicely outside the body . mulder how be it contract ? scully that I do not know . but if it 's through simple contact of blood to blood , and if it do not respond to conventional treatment , it could be a serious health threat . mulder 's reaction be postpone , or at least subdued by the reappearance of the field agent . field agent like I say , this be fossil , and they be not near the blast center , so they be not go to tell you much . scully May I ? he offer scully the small glass vial in which the bone fragment have be separate . she take they , look at they on she way over to the microscope . tapping out a tiny fragment onto the view bed . she put she eye down to the stereoscope eyepiece , then almost immediately look up at mulder who translate this look almost instantly . mulder you say you know the location of the archeological site where this be find . field agent show you right on a map . off mulder and scully 's trade look : CUT to : ext . SMALL public park - west TEXAS - day the dome white tent be still in place , the fleet of truck and equipment surround it unmanned . several large sound - dampen generator still hum away , but the work be do here would be a mystery to anyone who do not have access to the tent . CUT to : int . dome tent - day a electric bobcat-like bulldozer maneuver a very high tech - look clear container to the edge of the earthen hole . the container have monitor and gauge on it , oxygen tank and what look like a circulation refrigeration unit . a self - contain life support system . the inside of the container be cover with a thin layer of frost . when the small bulldozer get the container over near the hole , several technician lift it down off the shovel , hand carry it toward the hole open . as Dr. bronschweig appear , move to a ladder that lead down into the hole . he 's dress in a haz - mat suit , with the hood off . dr . bronschweig I need to have that setting check and re-set . I need a steady minus two Celsius through the transfer of the body , after I administer the vaccine . the man nod to bronschweig , begin check the setting as bronschweig put he hood on , start down into the hole , through the clear hatch . int . smaller ice cave - day the refrigeration vent be still pump in arctic air when Dr. bronschweig appear descend a fix ladder . it be dark in here , save for the ice blue glow of light come from the plastic drape area where we see the fireman act as a incubator / host for some kind of organism grow inside he . bronschweig step over to this area , move aside the plastic drapery to enter . angle inside , plastic line area where the body of the fireman be still inside the quarantine bubble litter in f.g. bronschweig take out of he pocket a syringe and a ampule . turn now to the body . stepping to it . move a work light , as he have do for the cigarette smoke man , so that it shine on the face of the fireman . but when he do this , bronschweig nearly jump , he breath steal away . reacting to : angle on fireman' body the chest and torso have implode . it have be turn into a muddy mass of blood - stain jelly ; bone and tissue melt into a ooze mass which have sink due to the fact that the creature which be inside be now go . camera whip from bronschweig to the wall . to the temperature gauge which read about 6 degree Celsius . whipping back to bronschweig who be now panicked . intercut with : int . dome tent - day angle down on earthen hole , where the technician bronschweig be speak to minute ago react to bronschweig 's muffled voice . he 's down below they in the cave , look up . pull he haz - mat hood off . yelling up to they . dr . bronschweig it 's go ! technician it 's what ? over the technician to bronschweig down below dr . bronschweig it 's leave the body . I think it 's gestate -- bronschweig be start up the ladder when something stop he . resume int . ice cave creature's Pov of bronschweig he stand freeze on the ladder , squinting into the darkness . dr . bronschweig wait -- I see it -- bronschweig's Pov in the shadow there be movement , the creature edging into the light cast from the drape area . we see it be fully form -- a replica of the creature we see at the open of we story . though it do not make any kind of aggressive move . as if , newborn , it be tentative . resume bronschweig - creature's Pov he remain stand on a rung of the ladder for a moment , then take a gentle step back down to the ground . dr . bronschweig ( nervous wonder ) oh my god . oh my god . technician you see it ? dr . bronschweig yes . it 's ... amazing . you want to get down here -- ( sotto to himself ) Jesus Lord ... so much for little green man . Dr. bronschweig move shakily to put the syringe in the ampule again ... when , suddenly , the creature strike . camera rushing forward to bronschweig . match CUT to : overhead angle - over the technician as the creature slam into bronschweig , knock he out of the line of sight from the top of the earthen hole . there be scream of pain from bronschweig , then they abate . resume int . ice cave bronschweig can be hear , but not clearly see . he be in the shadow himself now . try to pick himself up , and when he manage to do this , teeter back into the light we see that he be bloody . he be hurt , injure . make he way back toward the patch of light that come from the hole above . hope to see that help be on its way , while keep a watchful , wary and worried eye on the shadow , for another attack by the creature . dr . bronschweig hey -- I need help . but the technician look down on he offer he nothing of the sort . all they do be quickly close the clear hatch that seal bronschweig inside the cave . dr . bronschweig hey ! but he get no answer , climb the ladder shakily . a moment later the first bobcat shovel - full of dirt fall onto the clear hatch and partially obscure the light . they be bury bronschweig alive . int . dome tent - day angle down on bronschweig through the glass hatch . his scream continue . adjusting to the small bulldozer which be quickly haul the mound of excavate earth into the hole from which it come . while , all around , there be a hive of activity . Men run everywhere . CUT to : resume int . ice cave bronschweig react in silent horror now , only to turn in further horror when he feel the impending attack of : the creature right behind and just below he . its grotesque feature in momentary high resolution , before it attack camera . over and over , savaging bronschweig in a violent fury . its hideous tooth tear at he flesh - at camera - drive he off the ladder where the attack continue in momentary glimpsis of tooth , of bloody flesh , and of oily black blood be spatter about . at the height of the violence we hear bronschweig scream . match the wound of this , as we : CUT to : ext . estate somewhere outside london - early evening a child scream of joy . english child be play tag or some kind of child 's game in the well - manicure garden of a man who the camera find in f.g. -- the man we have come to know as the well -manicure man . he be also a member of the syndicate run " the Project " , though he venality be cloak in civility and statesmanship . right now he 's watch the child from the back step of he mansion , charme by they game . when he be call by someone o.s . valet' voice Sir -- you have a call . the well - manicure man turn to see : he valet hold the door . after a moment the w.m.m. enter past the valet . as the scream of the child continue to rise and fall . CUT to : int . suburban london estate - a beautiful study - evening the well - manicure man enter , pick up a blink line . through a window he can still see the child play . well-manicured man yes . cigarette smoking man ( filter ) we have a situation . the member be assemble . well-manicured man be it a emergency ? intercut with tight csm at int . kensington build ( next loc . ) cigarette smoking man yes . a meeting be set . tonight in London , to determine a course . well-manicured man who call this meeting ? cigarette smoking man strughold . he 's just get on a plane in tunis . this pronouncement have the power of end any further question . a immediate sense of gravity of the situation . the w.m.m. hang up , move to the window where he see some of the help be run from the house . the child have all gather around a boy who seem to have hurt himself . he 's lift and be carry by the man who 's call the w.m.m. into the house . off the well - manicure man 's concern , we : CUT to : ext . london STREET - night a discreet town car pull up out front a understate building in a better West end neighborhood . a driver exit come around for the well - manicure man who be already exite , move to the building . as a legend appear : kensington , london : 8:01 pm . CUT to : int . kensington build - night the well - manicure man be admit by a valet . the interior have the well - heele look of money , or a finely appoint residence that no one life in . the valet take the w.m.m. 's coat . well-manicured man have strughold arrive ? valet they be in the library . he lead the w.m.m. down a hall , to : int . large stately library - night a group of men be stand , look at something on a tv monitor . a surveillance video . they turn when the w.m.m. enter . camera favoring a SMALL lean man with close - cropped hair . he be at once elegant and impose with eye that hold you with laser - like acuity . he be conrad strughold . the other be of various ethnicity , tailore and dignify . this might be a collection of U.N. delegate . indeed some be . they business here , however , do not represent anyone 's interest but they own . as tip by the attendance of a group elder from the U.S. who we have come to know . but , more importantly , by the cigarette smoke man who hold the vcr remote . he pause the picture . strughold we begin to worry . some of we have travel so far , and you be the last to arrive . well-manicured man I be sorry . my grandson fall and break he leg . the non-response to this have the same effect as a reprimand . but the w.m.m. will not apologize of kowtow . strughold while we have be make to wait , we have watch surveillance tape which have raise more concern . the well - manicure man glance to the tv , see the frame pause . he Pov of tv monitor where mulder and scully 's face be see in a hallway that we recognize as the Bethesda Naval Hospital . resume well -manicure man well-manicured man more concern than that ? strughold we have be force to reassess we role in colonization by new fact of biology which have present themselves . group elder ( speak up ) the virus have mutate . well-manicured man on its own ? cigarette smoking man its effect on the host have change . the virus no longer just invade the brain as a control organism . it 's develop a way to modify the host body . well-manicured man into what ? strughold a new extraterrestrial biological entity . it take a moment to sink in . the weight of this fact . well-manicured man my god ... strughold the geometry of mass infection present certain conceptual re-evaluation for we . about we place in they colonization . well-manicured man this be not colonization , it 's spontaneous repopulation . all we work ... if it 's true , then they have be use we all along . we have be labor under a lie ! 2 nd elder it could be a isolate case . well-manicured man how can we know ?! strughold we be go to tell they what we have find . what we have learn . turn over a body infect with the gestate organism . well-manicured man in hope of what ? learn that it 's true ?! that we be nothing more than digestive for the creation of a new race of alien lifeform ?! strughold let I remind you who be the new race . and who be the old . ( beat ) what could be gain by withhold anything from they ; by pretend to ignorance ? we knowledge may forestall they plan to step up the timetable . to start colonization early . well-manicured man and if it do not ? by cooperate now we be but beggar to we demise ! we ignorance be in cooperate with the colonist at all . strughold cooperation be we only chance of save ourselves . cigarette smoking man they still need we to carry out they preparation . strughold we will continue to use they as they do we . if only to play for more time , to continue work on we vaccine . well-manicured man we vaccine may have no effect ! strughold well , without a cure for the virus , we be nothing more than digestive anyway . all eye go to the well - manicure man . he be respected , if not the odd man out in this room . but he be all restrain anger now . well-manicured man my lateness may have well be absence . a course have already be take . cigarette smoking man there be complication . he turn back to the tv monitor where mulder and scully remain freeze on the screen . well-manicured man do they know ? cigarette smoking man mulder be in Dallas when we be try to dispose of evidence . he 's go back there again . someone have tip he . well-manicured man who ? cigarette smoking man kurtzweil , we think . strughold we have allow this man he freedom . his book have actually help we to facilitate plausible denial . have he outlive he usefulness to we ? well-manicured man no one believe kurtzweil or he book . he 's a toiler . a crank . strughold and mulder ? elder we new situation make we vulnerable . if he learn information as we do , he could jeopardize the Project 's secrecy . 2 nd elder Control of information mean control of mulder . cigarette smoking man I can control mulder . I have always control mulder . strughold this may take another approach . he say this , casting he look toward the well - manicure man . a look of cold malevolence . the w.m.m. 's reaction be disdain . well-manicured man you can not kill mulder . he 's get too much light on he . strughold you need not kill a man to destroy he . well-manicured man ( personalize the inference ) no , you need only take away what be most precious to he . hard CUT to : ext . SMALL public park - central TEXAS - day agent scully she stand against a backdrop of Texas flatland , squinting into the sun . shake she head . scully I do not know , mulder ... we be : wide angle reverse , to include mulder , stand in the middle of a park , replete with jungle gym , playground equipment . all brand spanking new . they be stand right where there have once be a hard scrabble , parched and barren little field . where the earthen hole have be dig by the young boy . and what have later be the site of so much activity by the group of scientist . but where there 's now a park , thick green grass cover the parch of ground , include the spot where the hole have be . scully he do not mention a park . mulder this be where he mark on the map , scully . where he say that fossil be unearth . scully I do not see any evidence of a archeological or any other kind of digsite . not even a sewer or a storm drain . mulder scan the area , confound . shake he head as they walk . mulder you be sure the fossil you look at show the same sign of deterioration you see in the fireman 's body in the morgue ? scully ( nodd ) the bone be porous , as if the virus of the causative microbe be digest it . mulder and you have never see anything like that ? scully no . it do not show up on any of the immunohistochemical test -- mulder be listen to all this while look down at he foot : mulder this look like new grass to you ? scully it look pretty green for this climate . mulder stop , kneel , touch the thick green carpet of turf . he dig around , lift up a corner of a new square . mulder Ground 's dry about a inch down . somebody just laid this down . very recently , I would say . scully ( look off ) all the equipment be brand new . mulder no irrigation system . somebody 's cover they track . they both turn , look at something that 's catch they attention on the street where they rental car be park . Three kid , all of whom we recognize from earlier . stevie 's " friend " . tool down the street on new bmx bike . reacting to mulder 's loud whistle . this stop they , stare at mulder blankly across the distance . mulder hey ! they do not answer . just keep stare , squinting into the sun . mulder and scully start walk toward they . scully do you live around here ? 2 nd boy yeah . as the Agents approach . mulder you see anybody digging here ? the kid do not answer quickly . 2 nd boy not suppose to talk about it . scully you be not suppose to talk about it ? who tell you that ? 3rd boy nobody . mulder nobody . same nobody who put this park in ? that new equipment ... ( off the boy guilty look ) they buy you this bike ? the kid shift uncomfortably . scully I think you better tell we . 2 nd boy we do not even know you . scully well , we be FBI agent . 2 nd boy you be not FBI agent . mulder how do you know ? 2 nd boy Cause FBI agent wear like suit and goofy tie . and dress like my mom wear to church . like on that one show . mulder and scully pull they badge . the kid ' mouth drop . mulder maybe you have be watch too much tv . 3rd boy they all leave twenty minute ago . 4 th boy go that way . the kid all point in the same direction . ext . central TEXAS highway - late day as mulder and scully 's rental car race by at high speed . CUT to : int . mulder and scully' rental car - day - continuous mulder at the wheel , foot to the floor . scully 's get a map out . the mood be urgent , tense . mulder unmark tanker truck ... what be archaeologist haul out in tanker truck ? scully I do not know , mulder . mulder and where be they go with it ? scully that 's the first question to answer , if we be go to find they . CUT back to : ext . central highway - late day mulder slow down to a stop . they have come to a three - way intersection in the middle of absolutely nowhere that offer they three choice . the car sit idling for several beat . resume int . rental car mulder 's get he hand on he face rub he eye . mulder what be my choice ? scully about a hundred mile of nothing in each direction . mulder where would they be go ? scully we have get two choice . one of they be wrong . they be both look in different direction . the car idling . mulder you think they go leave ? scully I do not know why I think they go right . a few moment of silence . then mulder step on the gas and go straight . head out onto the only unpave road . accelerate away . scully look at he , wonder . as they bump along at speed . mulder will not look at she for a few moment . then , turn to she : mulder five year together -- how many time have I be wrong . dissolve to : ext . TEXAS highway - night headlight appear in the distance on a long , dusty stretch of road . growing as they approach , then come to a stop in a cloud of dust as they move into f.g . where a line of fencepost , barbwire block they path . as the car brake , the passenger door open and scully exit . a hot Texas wind blow . a dog be barking somewhere . scully walk into the headlight wash , look at a sign on the fence . after a moment , the driver 's door open and mulder exit . mulder hey , I be right about the bomb , be not I ? scully this be great . this be fitting . reverse on scene on the fence sign , paint in crude letter , be the word : some have tried , some have died . turn back -- no trespassing . mulder what ? scully I have get to be in Washington D.C. in eleven hour for a hearing -- the outcome of which might possibly affect one of the biggest decision of my life . and here I be stand out in the middle of nowhere Texas , chase phantom tanker truck . mulder we be not chase truck , we be chase evidence -- scully -- of what exactly ?! mulder that bomb in Dallas be allow to go off , to hide something : body infect with a virus you detect yourself . scully they haul gas in tanker truck , they haul oil in tanker truck -- they do not haul viruse in tanker truck . mulder yeah , well they may this one . scully what do you mean by haul ? ( off he reaction ) what be you not tell I here ? mulder this virus -- it ... ( afraid to say ) scully mulder -- mulder it may be extraterrestrial . scully I do not believe this . I do not fuck believe this . ( reach she limit of impatience ) y'know , I have be here ... I have be here one too many time with you , mulder . mulder be where ? scully pound down some dirt road in the middle of the night . Chasing some elusive truth on a dim hope , only to find myself stand right where I be right now : at another dead end -- as she say this a bell start to sound . a flash light hit mulder and scully . they both turn to see : high angle over a railroad crossing sign sitting all by its lonely self . no swinging arm or gate . just one little sign between mulder and scully and they car . camera panning to the light of a locomotive speed toward we . wide angle over track to mulder and scully they move toward they car , but the train be come fast . mulder and scully stop and wait , watch the train . as the engine break frame , eclipsing mulder and scully from view . and as it pass by we see two very familiar white tankers load piggyback atop flat bed car . the train , which be not much longer than this , pass . and mulder and scully make a mad dash for they car . the light come on and mulder swing the vehicle into a hard accelerate turn , take the speak of the intersection that parallel the track . as the car haul ass after the train , we : dissolve to : ext . opposite end of mountain pass - night the rail come up a grade where they appear out of a long bend turn . exiting the mountain pass near the summit of the mountain . and now headlight appear , bounce toward we . it 's mulder and scully 's rental chugge up the grade . and now pull to a stop as it reach camera . then the car door open and mulder and scully exit . put jacket against the cold desert night . running over the gravel on the rail bed into sharp f.g . scully what do you think it be ? mulder I have no idea . they start out toward it anyway , whatever it be . but the image that we see next might cause we to ask the same question . reverse angle -- mulder and scully' former Pov the Agents be move off the track now , pick they way toward the horizon where , at the edge of the great plateau that lay out before they , there be two giant glowing white dome . it be otherwise pitch dark out , almost give the impression that the dome be float . it would give the distinct impression of otherworldliness , if we have not see a similar , smaller glow dome over the dirt field where the boy find the skull . and if we could not see the light of the train roll to a stop near the mysterious dome . CUT to : ext . great plateau - night - high wide angle slowly craning down as mulder and scully move through the low scrub of the high desert . move towards we as camera continue its slow crane down , revealing in f.g. the top of corn stalk ( yes , corn stalk . ) what be the perimeter edge of : reverse crane down ( to match ) acre and acre of corn field , lay out before we in the dark night . running all the way to the white dome tent in the b.g . mulder and scully enter the perimeter edge , disappear into : ext . acre of corn - night tracking with mulder and scully as they move through the field . scully this be weird , mulder . mulder very weird . scully any thought on why anybody would be grow corn in the middle of the desert ? mulder not unless that be giant jiffy pop container out there . continue tracking as they move through the tall uniform row . angle behind the agent shoot down the long straight row . craning up to reveal dome once again . like space ship that have land . CUT to : opposite perimeter of the field of corn the Agents exit the edge of the crop field . they have come upon the glow tent now . tall and pillowy against the dark sky . there be no evidence of anyone about . no sound , no sign . mulder and scully stand at the edge of the field for a moment . then move cautiously across a open area to one of the dome . CUT to : int . white dome tent - night mulder pull open the steel door lead in . it open with a sucking SOUND which suggest the interior be pressurize . and as he and scully step in -- they both jump when large fan just overhead hit they both with hard blast of air . stepping quickly out of the downward blast air , into the still silence of the space beyond . scully cool in here . temperature 's be regulate . mulder for the purpose of what ? high overhead angle we view be down through the crosswire and cable that create the tension support . the effect be a combination of simplicity and perfect function . Stark and high tech . the flooring be gray and flat , featureless . but we do not yet see from this angle exactly what the white dome tent house . though the air be still and there be no movement of any kind , there be a sound that permeate the interior . a steady hum . almost electrical hum , but different . mulder and scully move together toward the middle of the space . wide on tent - mulder and scully' Pov laid out in a grid , low to the ground , be what look like box . fix in place like roof vent , except this be on the floor , no more than three foot tall , and about the same measure square . new angle - tracking with mulder and scully as they continue to move cautiously , walk out into the grid of box - shape object . come to the center of the capacious , arena-size space . stand over one of the mysterious box , which we now see have louvere top . the louver , however , be shut so that whatever be inside the box can not be see . scully I think we be on top of something . I think this be some kind of venting . mulder lay he head and ear to the top of the box . mulder you hear that ? scully I hear the hum . like electricity . High voltage maybe . mulder maybe . maybe not . scully look skyward . scully what do you think that be for ? mulder take he ear off the box , look up now , too . there Pov at the top of the dome be two large corresponding louver vent . resume mulder and scully look up at this vent . CUT to : int . white dome tent - night high wide angle over mulder and scully , stare up just past camera at the louver vent at top center of the tent . when a loud metallic noise make they jump . agent Pov the louvere vent above they one of the vent be open automatically , its large metal louver strain from they flat close position into a up - and -down open position . when this be complete , the second louver do the same . the strain sound of galvanize metal - on-metal . low angle on mulder and scully as mulder turn he look from the ceiling back down to the mysterious box they be stand next to . something occur to he . something frightening . mulder scully ....? scully yeah ...? mulder run. mulder grab she hand , pull she along . though she do not know why . or what 's about to happen . tracking fast with they as mulder lead she back toward the door they enter , which be a good hundred yard away . scully ( yell , on the run ) what be you do ? mulder ( yell back ) come on ! when the louvere vent on all the low grid- arrange box OPEN in domino - like succession -- out of they pour thousand and thousand of bee , rapidly fill the atmosphere of the dome space . as if the insect be be shot out of non-stop cannon . high angle thick stream of bee head right at camera , fly for the open louver at the top of the dome . as mulder and scully run for it down below . tracking with mulder and scully scully 's hand slip from mulder 's as she pull she jacket up over she head . mulder do the same now , ducking he head inside he own jacket . the Agents be slowed by the bee but still make they zigzag way toward the door -- bee cling to they clothes . but motion seem to be the key . as mulder run toward camera -- where the downward blast of air knock all the bee off he . in the b.g. , we see that scully have fall behind . still run , but lose she way in the process , lose she bearing as the thicken swarm of bee descend . close on scully when mulder enter frame , jacket pull over he head again . take scully by the back of she coat and swinging she toward the direction of the door . whipsnapp she the rest of the distance to the doorfan . follow right behind she as the fan blasting they and the Agents continue right out the door . to : ext . white dome tent - night scully and mulder come blast out themselves now , but they have not even have time to catch they breath when they react to movement . something come at they in the night . there Pov be - straight down the rows of dome tent where bright beam blast on , move fast toward they . the rushing whir of the turbine engine of the unmark chopper . the bright beam skim across the ground toward mulder and scully , travel right along the edge of end of the white dome tent . threaten to spot the Agents , unless they -- run . and they do -- bolt just as the beam and the helicopter blast over the spot they hold just moment before . running to : ext . acre of corn - night - mulder and scully - various handheld running flat out now , knock away the stalk and leave that block they way . follow and lead shot . pove and track shot . and chase angle , as the Agents run through the only cover they have get . as : angle just over the top of crop the unmark helicopter swoop right overhead , they bright spotlight search and cut through the cornrow . as the Agents zig and zag just out of the discover beam . as the chopper zoom right over they head . reverse on chopper traversing the field , then do sharp banking turn and swoop back over the field now in low drift hover . the wash from the blade knock the corn stalk down so as to reveal anything hide within . the bright spot make sure that nothing might escape detection . low angle - camera searching and finding scully as she run up into frame . she 's lose sight of : scully mulder ?! angle elsewhere on mulder as he too run to a stop . hear he name . mulder scully ?! resume scully reacting to the sound of she name , but there 's no time to find she bearing on mulder . not before she have to take flight again . as one of the chopper appear overhead , hover into view . knock the corn down in a path move straight toward she . camera leading her as she run from the oncoming craft . passing camera to the leave , as the chopper pass camera right . CUT to : tracking fast with mulder beating he way through the corn like bomba through the jungle . match this action , as mulder run toward we . when one of the unmark helicopter break into frame in a intersect path , its beam pass right over mulder and illuminating he . but while it do not slow mulder down , the helicopter maneuver into a hard banking turn , sweeping over the far end of the corn field and head right back at mulder - at US . CUT to : new low angle on edge of corn field where mulder burst out of the perimeter , turn on a quick dime and run a out pattern , just before the chopper burst into frame overhead , its search beam narrowly miss mulder . new angle on mulder running the corner of the field , look frantically down each corn row until he come to a stop . no sign of : mulder scully ?! mulder reacting to the sound of she response : scully ( distant o.s . ) mulder ! new angle on scully she 's exite the field behind he . running toward he , and when she get to he they both break into a run across the desert . camera following they as they sprint away . following they until they both start to slow . slow to a stop in the darkness . turn to see : there Pov the helicopter have disappear . resume mulder and scully reacting to this . scully where would they go ? mulder I do not know . then they both turn again and continue run . as fast as they foot will take they . back towards the bluff where they car be park . ext . bluff overlooking corn field - night where mulder and scully 's car be park . stillness , until mulder and scully 's head appear as they climb up from the direction of the corn field . they get in they car and start it quickly . mulder turn the ignition , but the car do not start immediately . he turn it over and over but it will not kick . as he do this , unbeknownst to the agent one of the black helicopter rise up from below the bluff , appear in they rear windshield . hover just behind the car like a giant bumblebee . just as ... ... mulder get the car start , throw the transmission in gear and spin the tire . as they head off back in the direction they come , without they light on . as they do this , the black chopper continue to hover for a moment , then bank off and away . into the night . mulder and scully speed off in the opposite direction . as we : dissolve to : int . FBI office of professional review - day close on a file be leaf through by a woman 's hand . camera tilting up to special agent cassidy , the woman we meet earlier run the opr hearing . she take a quick glance at she watch , look up when : the door to the room open . a beat , then Skinner enter with a weary look . skinner she 's come in . Skinner duck he head back out to look at : intercut with : int . hallway outside opr hearing room - day where scully stand look into the glass of a display case , try to put she hair and clothes and person together . she 's still in the same clothes we see she in . see Skinner now move toward he . resume opr hearing room scully enter past Skinner . though she have straighten they , and she hair , there be no mistake that she 's be to the dust bowl and back to get here . her manner be chasten . scully try to keep she eye on the table where she will be sit . venture only a brief , polite look to : angle to include cassidy and the other panel member they reshuffle they papers , pull up they chair . ready to get down to business now . cassidy special agent scully -- scully I apologize for make you wait -- I have bring some new evidence with I -- cassidy evidence of what ? close profile on scully reaching into she satchel , pull out a evidence bag . whatever she 's reach for she 's reluctant to present with confidence . scully this be fossilize bone fragment I have be able to study , gather from the bomb site in Dallas ... as scully speak we see a bee crawl out from under the collar of she suit jacket , crawl toward the back of she neck . crawl slowly , as if stretch its leg from its long journey . camera dollying around scully as the bee do , move into a over to : cassidy you have be back to Dallas ? scully yes . cassidy be you go to let we in on what exactly you be try to prove -- scully that the bombing in Dallas may have be to destroy the body of that firemen , so they death and the reason for they would not have to be explain -- cassidy ( challenging ) -- that be very serious allegation , agent scully -- scully yes . I know . there be a hush of murmured response to this , the panel member speak to one another . Assistant director Skinner shift uneasily in he chair . he 's be here before with Agents mulder and scully . he 's sense something outrageous . cassidy and you have conclusive evidence of this ? something to tie this claim of yours to the crime -- scully ( grudgingly ) nothing completely conclusive -- we have return to the over angle on scully , where we see the bee just below she jacket collar on the back of she neck . it crawl back under she collar , disappearing from sight . scully I hope to . we be work to develop this evidence -- cassidy work with ? scully agent mulder . off cassidy 's know nod , a general shifting in chair , we : CUT to : int . downscale D.C. bar - late day mulder push through the front , scan the room for : angle on kurtzweil sitting at a booth at the dark rear of the establishment . mulder enter frame , sit down across from he . kurtzweil be jumpy , but he see from mulder 's expression that something 's up . kurtzweil you find something ? mulder yes . on the Texas border . some kind of experiment . something they excavate be bring there in tanker truck . kurtzweil what ? mulder I be not sure . a virus -- kurtzweil -- you see this experiment ? mulder what do it look like ? mulder there be bee . and corn crop . kurtzweil smile at mulder , laugh with nervous excitement . mulder do not quite realize it yet , but this be news to he . mulder what be they ? kurtzweil slide from he seat , rise . kurtzweil what do you think ? mulder a transportation system . transgenic crop . the pollen genetically alter to carry a virus . kurtzweil that would be my guess . mulder you guess ? but kurtzweil do not respond to this . he 's move toward the back of the bar . mulder slide out , pursue he . angle on barmaid the few patron sit at the bar , all turn in reaction to this sudden flurry of activity . int . rear of downscale bar - night - continuous near the bathroom . mulder catch up to kurtzweil . mulder what do you mean , you guess ? kurtzweil do not stop . so mulder must physically stop he . mulder you tell I you have answer . kurtzweil yeah , well I do not have they all . mulder you have be use I -- kurtzweil I have be use you ?! mulder you do not know my father -- kurtzweil I tell you -- he and I be old friend -- mulder you be a liar . you lie to I to gather information for you . for you goddamn book . do not you ? mulder be get heat , rough with kurtzweil . when , unexpectedly a man suddenly exit the bathroom . reacting to this scene . kurtzweil use the moment to break from mulder . slip out the back door . mulder take a beat , then go after he . push out the back door into the blind brightness . CUT to : ext . alley behind bar - day mulder bust out the back door , chase kurtzweil . mulder kurtzweil ! kurtzweil turn to he . with restrain ferocity . kurtzweil you would be shit out of luck if not for I . you see what you see because I lead you to it . I be put my ass on the line for you . mulder you ass ? I just get chase across Texas by two black helicopter . kurtzweil and why do you think it be you be stand here talk to I ? this people do not make mistake , agent mulder . and with that he turn now , stride off . leave mulder to deal with the excellent logic of this . when suddenly mulder react to a noise . somewhere above he . mulder' Pov up on a fire escape , a man be move . mulder can only see he foot and leg from this angle , but it be clear he have be watch mulder . upon be spot , the figure slide away and disappear . angle from inside FIRE escape build we get a glimpse of the man who be watch he . a face we recognize as that of the man who brush past mulder come out of the vend room , not long before the building in Dallas blow . he be move quickly now , disappear into the shadow . camera tilting down to find : mulder . he stand stare up , but only for a moment until he turn and hurry off in the opposite direction kurtzweil disappear in . CUT to : int . mulder' apartment - magic hour angle over mulder' desk at the far end of the live room . the sound of key in the door , then mulder enter he apartment in a hurry . move to the desk and go at this pace through the drawer . look for ... a picture album . which he take now , leaf through it . flip the page , look for : angle over mulder find old picture of young Fox mulder with he sister , samantha . with he father and mother . the plastic-cover page be peel back and one of this photo be remove . it be a old family snapshot . a picnic possibly . mulder stare at the picture . insert photo - in the b.g. of the picnic , he head turn to camera , be a young kurtzweil . mulder study the photo intensely , when there 's a knock at he door . mulder turn to see : scully in he haste , mulder have neglect to lock he door . scully be push it open . she 's still in the same clothes . she look beat . her eye meeting mulder 's . a gaze that say bad news . mulder what ? what 's wrong ? scully Salt Lake City , Utah . transfer effective immediately . mulder be shaking he head . not want to hear this . scully I already give Skinner my letter of resignation . mulder you can not quit , scully . scully I can , mulder . I debate whether or not to even tell you in person , because I know -- mulder we be close to something here -- we be on the verge -- scully you be on the verge , mulder -- please do not do this to I -- mulder after what you see last night -- after all you have see -- you can not just walk away -- scully I have . I do . it 's do . mulder just like that -- scully I be contact the state board Monday to file medical reinstatement papers -- mulder I need you on this , scully -- scully you do not mulder -- you have never need I . I have only hold you back . ( beat ) I have get to go . and with that she exit he apartment , the argument too painful , and she ability to be persuade too clear to herself . int . hallway outside mulder' apartment - night wide angle from end of hall where we see scully , leave mulder 's apartment . move at a hurried clip to the elevator -- toward camera . as if anticipate she own impulse to turn around and go back . as she move into f.g. mulder exit he apt . door . mulder you be wrong -- he hurry to catch she . as she turn on he . scully why be I assign to you ? to debunk you work . to reign you in . to shut you down . mulder you save I , scully . ( off she look ) as different and frustrating as it 's be sometimes , you goddamn strict rationalism and science have save I a thousand time ; have keep I honest and make I whole . I owe you so much , scully , and you owe I nothing . ( beat ) I do not want to do this without you . I do not know if I can . if I quit now , they win . she be silent , move . in spite of all she desire not to be . she move to mulder , hold he . they break slightly and she look up at mulder with deep respect , admiration and ... kiss he on the forehead . when ... ... suddenly a physical intimacy we have never see . a heat and passion that can not be deny . the opportunity for the inevitable have present itself . the moment of truth have arrive . mulder be stare at scully as she 's look back at he . his head move slightly toward hers -- as one of he hand move up to she neck , draw she to he . where there be hesitation on she part , there be also desire . when : scully ouch !!! scully pull away from mulder , rubbing at she neck where he hand have be . mulder what ? what happen ? scully I think ... something stung I . scully 's hand come out with the squirming bee , which she hold in she hand while mulder move around she , check she neck . mulder it must ... but he do not finish he sentence before he have to catch scully from fall . her head bob and she have to catch it . mulder scully ... scully something 's wrong ... ( fight for clarity ) I be have -- lancinate pain -- my chest . my ... motor function be be affect . I be ... mulder lay she down on the floor during this . scully continue to speak , though she eye be not focus . she be limp in mulder 's arm . scully ... my pulse feel thready and I have get a funny taste in the back of my throat . mulder I think you be in anaphylactic shock -- scully no -- it 's -- her voice be get thin now , too . mulder scully -- scully I have get no allergy . something ... this ... mulder ... I think ... I think you should call a ambulance . and mulder be on he foot in a flash , run for : CUT to : int . mulder' apartment - night - continuous close over phone as mulder race into the apartment , dash toward camera , pick up the receiver , dial . holding on the phone during this action . tilting up for : mulder this be special agent Fox mulder . I have a emergency -- I have a agent down -- int . hallway outside mulder' apartment - night scully - handheld picked up and one-two - three load on a gurney by two paramedics . 1st paramedic can you hear I ? can you say you name ? scully be try , but the word will not come out . 1st paramedic she 's get constriction in the throat and larynx -- be you breathe okay ? he lay he head down to she mouth . 1st paramedic Passages be open . let 's get she in the van -- neighbor be in the hall now , along with mulder . who be move beside the paramedics as they hustle the gurney down the hall . 1st paramedic come through people -- here we go . come through -- CUT to : ext . mulder' apartment - night - continued hand held the paramedics bang out the front door , stutter - step the gurney down to the walk , to they emt van which sit at the curb with the light bar flashing . mulder follow close by . mulder she say she have a taste in the back of she throat -- there be no pre-exist allergy to bee-sting -- the bee that stung she may have be carry a virus -- 2 nd paramedic a virus ? 1st paramedic get on the radio , tell they we have a cytogenic reaction , we need a advise and administer -- they get she to the back of the vehicle , guide the gurney in with experience hand . scully 's eye be on mulder as she 's sly into the brightly light interior . the 1st paramedic block mulder somewhat as he step toward the van , anticipate that he 's go with they to the hospital . but the door be close on he before he get a opportunity . following mulder around to the driver 's side of the van now , move to the driver 's window where the driver can be see in the rear view mirror , he eye watch mulder . on mulder a moment of vague recognition -- a catch in he step . resume as mulder 's momentum carry he to the driver 's window where se see again the man from the vend room , who be also surveilling mulder . and he have a handgun point at mulder , which he fire through the window . the glass shatter . resume mulder throw himself away backward , but the bullet catch he in the head . blood and glass spraying onto the side of the van . he go down to the ground -- as the paramedic van accelerate fast away . low angle reverse on mulder lying in the street , he head bleed profusely . while in the b.g. , a second ambulance be speed to the scene . as it skid to a stop and two new paramedics jump out , we : dissolve to : ext . WASHINGTON national airport - night a medium size private jet be taxiing down a alley off the main runway where a 747 be speed toward takeoff . the private jet turn toward camera and nose into f.g. new angle on tarmac where men in familiar black fatigue be unload something from a unmark cube truck that be also familiar : the very high tech - look clear container , with its monitor and gauge , its oxygen tank and refrigeration unit . a self - contain life support system . the inside of the container be cover with a thin layer of frost , through which we can see agent scully . she lie as if in a state of paralysis , but a blink of she eye be enough to tell we that she be ... alive . tracking with the men move the container . as they hustle it to the wait jet . as the cigarette smoke man be descend the step of the plane onto the tarmac . watch as the container be move to the cargo hold and load inside . the hold be close and the jet engine wind back up . as the cigarette smoke man reboard the aircraft and it taxi away . fade slowly to black int . hospital - night voice fade in slowly , inaudible at first . for regular viewer of the show , they will recognize the voice of the Lone gunmen . Three nerdish paranoiacs who publish a magazine which chart and cataloge conspiracy past and present , among other government malfeasance . they be langly , byer and frohike . byer I think he 's come out -- langly he 's come to . frohike hey , mulder ... fade up , as if we eye be blink open . we be in mulder 's Pov , and the face right above we be frohike 's . frohike mulder ...? behind frohike , look down at mulder , be byer and langly . reverse on mulder stare at the diminutive frohike , the long-haire langly and the courtly byer with dawn recognition . mulder oh god ... langly what 's wrong ? mulder ( to byer , then langly ) tin man. scarecrow . ( to frohike ) toto . mulder sit up now , rub he face , feel the bandage he 's get on he head . mulder what be I do here ? byer you be shot in the head . the bullet break the flesh on you right brow and glance off you temporal plate . mulder ( woozy ) penetration but not perforation . langly Three centimetre to the leave and we would be play the harp . mulder be still shaking out the cobweb . byer they give you a craniotomy to relieve the pressure from a subdural hematoma . but you have be unconscious since they bring you in . mulder when be that ? frohike two day ago . you guy Skinner 's be here with you around the clock . langly we get the news and make a trip to you apartment . found a bug in you phone line . frohike and one in you hall . byer hold up the first small device . frohike hold up a vial contain a bee . mulder realize : mulder scully have a violent reaction to a bee sting -- byer you call 911 . except the call be intercept . mulder ( sit up ) they take she -- mulder push the cover off . swing he leg to the ground . as a.d. Skinner enter the room . surprise to see mulder up . skinner agent mulder -- mulder where 's scully ?! as he say this he lose he balance slightly , have to hold onto one of the gunmen . struggle with he faculty . skinner she 's miss . we have be unable to locate she or the vehicle they take she in . mulder whoever they be -- this go right back to Dallas -- it go right back to the bombing -- skinner I know . ( off mulder 's reaction to this ) agent scully report you suspicion to opr . on the basis of she report , I send tech over to s.a.c . michaud 's apartment . they pick up pstn residue on he personal effect consistent with the construction of the vend machine device in Dallas . mulder ( reeling ) how deep do this go ? skinner I do not know . mulder see a man in a suit pass by the small window in the door , casting a furtive glance in , then move off . he turn he look back to Skinner . mulder be we be watch ? skinner I be not take any chance . mulder nod . pull now at the bandage on he head . peel it away and revealing the wound beneath . mulder I need you clothes , byer . byer I ? skinner what be you do ? mulder I have get to find scully . frohike do you know where she be ? mulder no . but I know someone who might have a answer . who better . mulder be undoing he hospital gown now , he white bun grace the screen for the first time in history . as he duck into the bathroom . as the man leave stand in the room all look to byer , reluctantly remove he dud . off this : CUT to : int . hospital hallway - night angle over man in a suit stand with he back to mulder 's room , read a section of a newspaper ( the rest of the paper sit on a chair , as if the man 's possibly set up here . ) as the door to mulder 's room open in the b.g. and frohike appear . frohike keep he eye on the man as langly appear now , follow by ... byer ? we can not see clearly as the other two block we Pov and the third man out do not show we he face . the threesome start down the hall , they footstep draw the attention of the man in a suit . angle over mulder and the other gunmen as they head toward camera . walk at a pace . in the b.g. the man in the suit be drift toward mulder 's hospital room . angle on man in suit suspicious . he move to the door , look in the little glass window . see ... byer , the sheet pull up to he nose to hide he beard and mustache . Skinner stand next to he , talk on the phone . the man in the suit look down to the end of the hall again . resume angle over mulder and the gunmen as mulder and he two flanker move right to camera . mulder be take a cell phone be hand to he by frohike . dial on the move . CUT to : ext . alley behind downscale D.C. bar - night a figure appear at the end of the alley , move toward we . it could be mulder from this distance , but as the figure come closer we recognize he as kurtzweil . move into the f.g. , check behind he , ahead of he . jumpy . he take a cautious beat , then move to the door lead into the bar ( establish ) , reach for the knob . open it , find the well - manicure man stand there . well-manicured man Dr. kurtzweil , be not it ? Dr. Alvin kurtzweil ? kurtzweil Jesus Christ . kurtzweil be shake by the sight of this man . backpedale a bit , look around and behind he for a ambush . well-manicured man you be surprised . certainly you have be expect some response to you indiscretion . the w.m.m. step out of the doorway , follow kurtzweil . well-manicured man I be quite sure whatever you tell agent mulder , you have you good reason . it 's a weakness in man we age ; the urge to confess . ( stop he walk ) I forgive you that . kurtzweil be throw by the word , and the delivery . stop he backward progress . study this upright and civil man . kurtzweil what be you do here ? what do you want from I ? well-manicured man you must try to understand , what I be here to do be only to protect my child . you and I have but short life leave . I can only hope the same be not true for they . on this note , kurtzweil turn and hoof it back in the direction from which he come . tracking back with he until headlight hit he face . reverse angle a town car have pull into the alley behind he . accelerate fast down the narrow corridor . effectively trapping kurtzweil in . as he squint into its headlight , then turn back with fear in he eye to the w.m.m . CUT to : ext . STREET outside downscale bar - night where a figure be come down the street toward we . running , it 's mulder , go ball out . running to the entrance of the bar and yanking open the door . int . downscale D.C. bar - night moderately crowded as mulder enter , stop to catch he breath . move to the back of the bar . look for : the booth where he met kurtzweil earlier it 's empty . resume mulder move through the bar -- real panic in he expression . he head to the back . int . rear of downscale bar - night - continuous mulder pass the bathroom , move to the door where we see the well - manicure man stand just a short bit ago . but there be no one back here now . mulder move to the back door , the one lead to the alley , push it open and find : the well - manicure man stand with he driver close the trunk on the idling town car ( which have be turn around . ) the w.m.m. turn to see : well-manicured man Mr. mulder . mulder what happen to kurtzweil ? well-manicured man he 's come and go . the w.m.m. move to mulder , who do not trust he for a second . mulder be still breathe hard , size up this scene . mulder where 's scully ? well-manicured man I have answer for you . mulder be she alive ? well-manicured man yes . mulder stare at the w.m.m. - measure he . well-manicured man I be quite prepare to tell you everything , though there be not much you have not guess . mulder about the conspiracy ? well-manicured man I think of it as a agreement . a word you father like to use . mulder I want to know where scully be . the well - manicure man suddenly reach into he jacket pocket , without warning or explanation . mulder tensing slightly . he remove a thin feel envelope . well-manicured man the location of agent scully . and the mean to save she life . ( off mulder 's look ) please ... he gesture toward the car where the Driver stand with the back door open . mulder hesitates , then step from the doorway . move past the w.m.m. , slide in . the w.m.m. get in after he , close the door . the car pull away . CUT to : int . limousine - night - continuous we see mulder in the back seat , reflect in the rear-view mirror . where we also see the eye of the driver watch he . mulder be hand the feel envelope by the w.m.m. mulder what be it ? well-manicured man a weak vaccine against the virus agent scully have be infect with . it must be administer with ninety six hour . mulder ( beat ) you be lie . well-manicured man no. though I have no way to prove otherwise . the virus be extraterrestrial . we know very little about it , except that it be the original inhabitant of this planet . mulder ( dubious , to say the least ) a virus ? well-manicured man a simple , unstoppable lifeform . what be a virus but a colonize force that can not be defeat ? live in a cave , underground , until it mutate . and attack . mulder this be what you have be conspire to conceal ? a disease ? well-manicured man no ! for God sake you have get it all backwards . this outburst come suddenly , unexpectedly . well-manicured man aids , the ebola virus -- on the evolutionary scale they be newborn . this virus walk the planet long before the dinosaur . mulder what do you mean , walk ? well-manicured man you alien , agent mulder , you little green man , first land here million of year ago . that that do not leave have be lay dormant underground since the last Ice Age . in the form of a evolve pathogen . wait to be reconstitute when the alien race from which it come return to colonize the planet . use we as host . against this we have no defense . nothing but a weak vaccine . ( beat ) do you see why it be keep secret ? why even the best man -- man like you father -- could not let the truth be know ? the force and conviction of he delivery leave mulder shake . well-manicured man until Dallas , we believe the virus be simply a control organism . that mass infection would make we a slave race . mulder that 's why you bomb the building . the infect firemen , the boy -- well-manicured man imagine we surprise when they begin to gestate . my group have be work cooperatively with the alien colonist , facilitate they program . to give we access to the virus . in false hope we might be able to secretly find a cure . so that we might save ourselves , as the last of the species . ( beat ) you father wisely refuse to believe this , choose hope over selfishness . hope be the only future he have : he child , ( beat , then self - revealing ) the only future any of we have . this draw a look back in the mirror from the Driver . mulder but ... he sacrifice he own daughter . my sister , samantha . well-manicured man the only true survivor of the viral holocaust will be that immune to it : that vaccinate against it and human / alien hybrid . you father arrange for you sister 's abduction . he allow she to be take to a alien hybrid program , so that she would survive . as a clone . ( beat ) he have different hope for you . that you would uncover the truth about the Project . that you would stop it . that you would fight the future . mulder sit stunne by this . as if somehow he destiny have be validate , if not pre-ordained . or maybe just justified . mulder why be you tell I this ? well-manicured man I think it only fair you should know , give how hard you have work . mulder what happen to kurtzweil ? well-manicured man as you father know , thing need to be sacrifice to the future . mulder where be he ? well-manicured man Dr. kurtzweil be in the trunk . mulder stare at the w.m.m. , at he cold - blooded expression . mulder let I out . stop the car . well-manicured man ( motion ) Driver . mulder reach to this as the limo pull to a stop . try the door , but the door be lock . when he turn back to the w.m.m. he have produce a handgun , which be now point at mulder . laid casually across a fold arm . mulder react on see it . well-manicured man the man I work with will stop at nothing to clear the way for what they believe be they stake in the inevitable future . I be order to kill kurtzweil . a necessary action to protect my grandchild 's life . ( beat ) I might just as easily kill you . mulder be recoil as he say this . then , without hesitation in one quick move , he shoot the Driver in the head . the blood spattering on the front windshield -- and on mulder who have barely have a chance to react . well-manicured man trust no one , Mr. mulder . mulder look at the well - manicure man , expect to be next . and for a moment , we do too . but the w.m.m. simply open the door and step out of the car . holding the door open for mulder who be still freeze by the action that go just before . ext . desolate D.C. STREET - night mulder step out of the car , hold the feel envelope . the well - manicure man stand with a sober , intense look . well-manicured man ( with quiet force ) you have precious little time . what I have give you the alien colonist have no idea exist . you hold in you hand the power to end the project . mulder how ? well-manicured man the vaccine you hold be the only defense against the virus . its introduction into a alien environment may have the power to destroy the delicate plan we have so assiduously protect for the last fifty year . ( beat ) or it may not . mulder what alien environment ? well-manicured man find agent scully . save she . only she science can save the future . mulder what about you ? well-manicured man my life be over . ( beat ) go. mulder stand speechless for a moment . until the w.m.m. point the weapon he 's still hold at he . well-manicured man go now ! and mulder do . move away from the car , look back over he shoulder . as the well - manicure man get back into the limousine , close the door . a moment later ... the car explode into flame , knock mulder to the ground . angle on mulder the feel envelope have be jarre from he grasp . its content loose from inside : a piece of paper with coordinate on it and a ampule and syringe . mulder get up , look back . then he pick up the envelope and its content -- and begin to run . running as fast as he can go . until , far down the block , he disappear . as the screen dissolves to whiteness -- under which we hear a ominous low end dolby thanks Big screen rumble . the same sound that open we story . then there be movement , as the curvilinear line of a horizon become visible , bi-sect the screen between the white of the earth and the white of the sky . we be : ext . pole of inaccessibility - antarctica across the expanse of whiteness , a dark image appear on the long flat horizon . move toward we . as a legend appear , to establish . closer on a snow tractor crawl across the harsh freeze land like a dome insect . int . snow tractor agent mulder sit behind the control of the enclose cabin , several day growth on he face . dress in thick , bundle outerwear . he maneuver the vehicle to a stop . reaching for a handheld gps monitor to check he position . catch he breath for a moment -- all movement be exertion in this climate . mulder stare hard out the front window , the wiper beat time , but there be nothing out there but whiteness . he wipe the fog from a side window with he glove hand , see nothing but more whiteness . check the gps device again , then reach for the door latch . resume wide exterior agent mulder exit the vehicle , hopping down onto the snowscape crust . setting out on foot with the gps device hold before he . in this forbid environment he might as well be take a space walk -- without the security of a lifeline . which be the impression we get as he tiny figure trudge across the ice , increase the distance between himself and the snow tractor . moving with mulder up a gentle grade , the snow tractor now behind he . move into tight f.g. where he stop , see something now which allow he to pocket the gps device . drop instinctively to he knee , so as to avoid be see by : mulder' Pov in the distance be a ice station . a row of interconnect white dome tent , whose design be now familiar to we . there be what look like snow tractor and other snow vehicle park alongside the structure . resume mulder pull a compact pair of binocular from one of he deep jacket pocket . train they on : the ice station - bino matte panning across the dome and vehicle , where there be no sign of personnel -- until mulder pan off the building , find in he field glass a approaching snow tractor . move across the landscape toward the ice station . when it pull to a stop , a man exit out of one of the dome : the cigarette smoking man . move to the vehicle and get in . the vehicle reverse now , transport the csm back away from the ice station . close on mulder take the field glass away from he eye . the excitement he feel express now in he breathe , which have become harder and shallower . mulder rise , beginning to move the still great distance between himself and the ice station . CUT to : wide on screen mulder move slowly across the white horizon toward the dome tent . low angle on mulder' feet move cautiously , and with effort on the snowscape crust . camera rising up to mulder 's face , determine and watchful . following mulder the ice station still several hundred yard in the distance , when mulder suddenly fall out of frame , disappear into a hole in the snowscape crust that just moment earlier have be stable foot . hard CUT to : int . snow ice bubble - continuous where mulder 's body fall through a ceiling of snowscape crust , landing on he back with a thud on a hard surface . it take he a moment to catch he breath , somewhat reminiscent of stevie at the beginning of the picture . wincing through the pain . until he turn over , regain he wit , and he bearing . new angle mulder have fall on a hard , narrow metallic structure . its dull black color a stark contrast to the white ice it 's encase in . the bubble have be create by air come out of vent in the structure , carve out corresponding pattern in the ceiling ; soften the ice and snow above . closer on mulder rise to he knee , the AIR from one of this vent blow onto he face . pull off the hood of he jacket , look deep into the vent which be open , ungrate . and big enough for a man to crawl into . which , after consider the hole he 's fall through high above he , be really mulder 's only choice . CUT to : int . ribbed corridor duct - continuous mulder pull himself forward through the ribbed corridor duct with he elbow , move lizard - like into the constrict darkness . CUT to : int . upper ribbed corridor - continuous above a freeze ice lith , mulder 's head appear , squeezing he shoulder and body out of a venting . with effort , mulder slide out of the small space , use some architecture above as a handhold . pull he leg free and drop onto the floor . mulder' Pov it be dark in here , the feature of the corridor ill-define . resume mulder - wider mulder pull a flashlight from a pocket in he parka , snick it on . its beam reflect off tall freeze lith of ice regularly space on both side of the corridor . new angle on mulder train the light down the corridor , which curve away in both direction . then point it at something right in front of he nose : something that give he a start . reaching up with he hand to brush away frost from the lith . find a man frozen in ice . nake , he eye stare into some long - forget distance . his hair be dark , he flat feature familiar to we . he be the prehistoric hunter from the open scene of the movie . his flesh have the opaque , see-through quality that we have see before . Inside of which , freeze along with the man , be a embryonic creature . reverse on mulder reacting to this sight , then move off down the corridor , he pace quickened . CUT to : ext . pole of inaccessibility - antarctica low angle on the great white expanse . across which a snow tractor be move . panning with the vehicle to ... mulder 's snow tractor , where the first tractor stop , its headlight train on mulder 's ride . a beat , then the discover machine move out again , follow the track that mulder have leave , which bring it straight toward camera . as it pass we , we can see the driver and the cigarette smoke man sit in the cabin . as we : CUT back to : int . upper ribbed corridor - continuous mulder come to the end of the dim ice corridor where soft light be penetrate through several low , arched opening . mulder have to drop down to he knee to see into the opening . angle from opposite side of the balcony passageway where mulder be see look toward camera . the balcony passageway be short . mulder drop to he stomach again , pull himself through , toward we . when he reach the opposite end , mulder poke he head out , look up in wonder at : int . central theater - balcony - continuous - wide on a stadium - size dome -- ( cgi set extension ) imagine a dome sport arena -- this be the scope and scale of the space that mulder have penetrate . we see he as only a small speck on a balcony midway between floor and ceiling . pull himself out of the balcony passageway , which be like countless other passageway . which be actually ventilation port . angle over mulder pull himself to he foot . behold the space before he . look down to the center floor where a large central theater give off a light different from elsewhere in the dome . a icy , bright glow . lead down to the central theater far below be several large tubular spoke . ( one of which lead up right next to mulder 's position . ) angle on mulder reacting to this . then something capture he attention . mulder' Pov there on the floor , far down below , be the bubble litter scully be transport in . ( note * scully 's clothes be still in the bubble litter . ) stand out as a rather human artifact against the otherwise dull gray bulwark and architecture surround it . int . central theater - balcony - continuous - wide on mulder look beside he where the joint that connect two section of one of the long tube spoke be design with a allowance -- a separation that might allow a man to slip through the joint into the tube . which be what mulder do here . CUT to : int . tubular spoke - continuous wide angle from inside tube terminus mulder squeezing through into the tube , look down past what look like a chair lift-like track , on which the chair be actually empty cryopod mechanism ; the same structure mulder see in the ribbed corridor in which body be encase in ice . except this cryopod be empty . mulder begin to creep down toward camera , pick he way around the empty cryopod . reverse angle on mulder creep away from we . head toward : int . lower cryopod corridor where mulder pop out at the lower tube terminus . which lead into this bulwark corridor at the base of the large stadium structure . where : reverse on this corridor where mulder be walk past freeze cryopod hang on a track . each icy pod contain a human body freeze within . partially visible behind clear blue ice . but this be modern man , and woman . they expression a confuse horror , as if they have be somehow freeze alive . they be slowly tracking . walk along the slowly move carousel of freeze humanity . stop , turn , almost as if have sense : new angle over opposite cryopod pushing in on mulder' face . record the horror and fear he 's experience , on see : camera rising up a frosty wall of blue ice where a woman 's body be encase , its naked feature hide behind the opacity of the newly freeze blue crust . but whose face be unmistakable as that of agent scully 's . frozen in a similar expression of far-away horror , she eye cast slightly heavenward . mulder hurry to get he jacket unzip . removing the felt envelope , remove the syringe body , the needle and the ampule . hastily put the syringe together , get the needle poke into the soft rubber cap of the ampule . bleed the syringe now , the substance inside squirting out of the end of the needle onto the floor of the ship . and the moment it do , the whole floor sizzle like water be drop onto a hot skillet . spread out from mulder in every direction . a violent chemical reaction , as predict by the man who give he this substance . a moment later the entire structure mulder be in shunt . shudder violently and set up a low - end rumble . cause mulder to accidentally drop the syringe . low close angle on the floor , where the syringe hit and bounce , but do not break or leak . mulder scramble into frame to re-collect it . see the floor where the liquid from the syringe hit -- where it have be etched away by the substance . ext . hull of spaceship / icy bubble - continuous where mulder crawle into the duct . condense air be stream out of all the duct now . the ice and snow above beginning to melt from the force and heat of the blast all . CUT back to : ext . ice station - continuous we can hear low end rumble and vibration . two dozen men be stream out of the dome tent . move to they carious snow tractor and start the vehicle . a small exodus , the tractor pull out of camp in a rush . head off in various direction . camera finding the cigarette smoking man move to he tractor , with the man who shot mulder . take the last drag of he cigarette before throw it into the snow . he stare down at it a moment , as if catch in the grip of some emotion conflict with duty . the man who shot mulder inside the tractor now , throw open the door for the csm . man who shot mulder c'mon . it 's all go to hell . he climb up onto the vehicle , get in and close the door . and the vehicle pull away as we : CUT back to : int . lower ribbed corridor - continuous - agent mulder back on he foot , smashing now at the crust of brittle blue-ice that encase scully . bashing , smashing and then finally break through the hard outer later , its inner slushy content spilling out of the puncture that expose scully 's face and shoulder . watery aqua-tinted liquid drain from she mouth and nose . but scully be not conscious , and there be no indication she be even alive , she face freeze in a blank , almost beatific expression . over mulder to scully as he plunge the needle into scully 's arm at the front of she shoulder . to which there be a immediate reaction -- as if give a shot of adrenalin . her eye blink away the cold moisture . mulder scully -- scully 's lip move goldfish - like as she try to suck in air , a almost fearful expression overcome she like a swimmer who 's be hold under too long . but no word be come out yet . mulder breathe -- can you breathe ?! scully be strain to do just that -- when liquid suddenly spews from scully 's mouth . and she begin to cough and gag -- take big gulp of air as she eye focus on mulder as if on a phantom , or a miracle . finally faint word ushere forth , whisper breath that mulder cannot discern . mulder what ? close on mulder and scully as he lean into she , put he ear up to she mouth . as the softest sound come out in scully 's frosty breath . scully cold ... mulder hang on . I be go to get you out of here . as she continue to suck air . CUT to : ext . hull of spaceship / ice bubble - continuous the hot air blast from the duct be cause the ice pack above to melt and collapse . CUT to : ext . ice station - continuous - wide as the ice tractor head away in all direction from the dome structure . a misty fog now emanate from the seam of the dome . heat and condensation . CUT back to : int . upper ribbed corridor - continuous fill with misty condensation , too . the small beam of light that light mulder 's way earlier be now small shaft pierce the gather interior cloud . illuminate : the prehistoric man frozen in he icy pod , the hard semi-translucent surface of which be now etched with small stream of water run to the floor . everything be melting and in motion . include the creature which be vaguely visible inside the freeze man . it turn slightly inside the body , like a animal in utero . its eye now look at we , blink . as it press against its own fleshy container , the body of its human host . CUT back to : int . lower ribbed corridor - continuous it , too , be fill with misty condensation . various shot of the ice encase the human form sweat and melting . camera adjusting up to reveal mulder pull scully along in a fireman 's carry . she be dress now in mulder 's snow parka and the outer nylon pants he be wear . scully 's leg be weak beneath she . her body limp , but not lifeless . mulder labor to get she up the interior of the steep curving cylinder speak , as the air fill with mist . int . long tube terminus new angle on mulder and scully - looking down the tube move toward along the now-halt cryopod carrier hang from the transport track . mulder struggle against he own fade energy , pull scully up toward : angle on balcony / catwalk mulder push scully up , though she seem to have at least some limited ability to do this on she own . the deep , low rumble we hear in the open frame of the movie reach full volume now . the whole environment vibrate as mulder boost scully up on the catwalk . climb up over the prostrate body . pick she up from the floor , pull she back into the fireman 's carry . int . lower ribbed corridor - continuous where the body be all beginning to melt . various shot of rivulet of water form on the icy lith that encase the body . the water from they seeping onto the circular central floor . the condense mist thick and swirl . close on pod where the body it house seem to move . though as camera push in we see that it be the creature inside this body move , as if the heat and the defrost be bring the embryos to life . int . upper ribbed corridor - continuous - angle down corridor scully 's head poke through now , as she 's push through the open that mulder use earlier to get into the vault arena . pushed in fit and start until she 's all the way through . mulder now strain and squeezing to do the same on he own . the corridor be fill with heavy condense mist now as mulder finally slip out of the low passageway , try to get he bear now as he huddle low over scully . turn he attention to she as she cough hoarsely -- in some kind of acute spasm of pain -- but alive . mulder we have get to keep move . scully ( weakly ) where be we ? mulder you get I . but I think I know what they do with Jimmy hoffa . scully be struggle now as mulder try to pull she to she foot again . in real physical pain . scully I can not ... scully can not finish speak , she voice become a hoarse cough . scully ( barely a whisper ) I can not go any farther . mulder yes you can . you be go to make it , scully . mulder haul scully up off the floor away from camera now . new angle on ribbed corridor camera moving through space in the empty corridor , move at a speed equal to mulder and scully 's as they round the semi-circular ribbed corridor to meet we . come out of the mist , scully back in the fireman 's carry . approach the place where mulder slip down into the corridor . mulder stop and see : the body in the melting ice lith as it too move , the embryonic creature inside it turn slightly , as if come awake . reverse on mulder reacting to this -- and then to scully who suddenly start gasping for breath . falling now from mulder 's grasp as she leg buckle and she go down . low angle on scully her face be go red , strain for air . her eye roll , seek relief . as mulder drop down beside she . mulder shit -- but she be unable to answer . mulder hasten to unzip she / he jacket . to get to she neck and find a pulse . mulder scully -- mulder can not find a pulse . scully strain harder now as mulder reach he finger into she mouth , clear she passageway . move on top of she now , and pump forcefully on she chest -- try to get air into she . one - two - three . and put he mouth down to hers ( finally ! ) , breathe he life into she . pull away from she to see that he be unsuccessful at this -- that scully be continue to strain . pump she chest again -- mulder you be not die on I now -- godammit godammit godammit -- as he pump she chest . place he mouth over hers again and breath - breath -- breath . lift he mouth from hers , feel for a pulse again , put he eat down to she mouth , praying he will feel the breeze of a breath . nothing . while : angle over he to the creature in the icy pod as it move again , more violently now . as the ice around it continue to melt and fissure . resume mulder his hand go to a pocket on the inside of the jacket scully be wear -- he jacket -- find again the syringe that he use on scully . it be still partially full of vaccine . mulder find this , get ready to use it when -- -- scully 's body suddenly come back to life beneath he . labor breath which turn into a cough spasm . mulder breath relievedly for a moment , watch scully cough , come back to life . her eye try to focus on he , find he . see he labor relief . the panic melting away . scully ( weakly , pain whisper ) mulder ... she want to tell he something . he lean down next to she . scully ( continue weak ) have you big time . mulder have but a moment to savor this weary victory though when he react to something , that cause he to whip he head around . mulder' Pov down ribbed corridor through the condense mist he can see creature beginning to hatch , sprout from the melt ice- encase body they have gestate in . they three fingered hand beat at the soft ice . they powerful foot kick at it , too . resume mulder look the other way down the corridor , see -- more creature the slushy material that make up the inner core spilling out with they as the creature kick out of they tomb . resume mulder lift scully up with all he strength he have leave in he . he 's get to get she overhead now , back up the venting that he slip down from . she be weak and of little help . mulder get she propped up on he strength so that he can use the power of he leg to boost she toward the open . which put he face to face with the embryonic creature . its eye look directly at he , blink , before it go into another fitful spasm inside its host body . angle down from vent where scully be boost up toward camera . her hand reach feebly for something to grab onto . find a handhold . mulder keep breathe , scully . she utter something guttural , unintelligible as the next thrust up from mulder get she head and shoulder into the open of the vent . resume mulder beneath she , push with all he might . his hand under she shoe now , force she up into the vent like a roll carpet into the rafter . resume scully struggle with she arm and elbow , barely conscious , but somehow able to manage herself forward . resume mulder push scully up the last little way . then reach up to find a handhold for himself . grabbing hold and lift himself as one of he foot kick at the ice -- where the creature he be just face to face with burst from its icy pod . one hand , then the other shoot out of the ice where they have break through the host . ripping open the front of the body , include the man 's face . make a slimy , gape tear in what be formerly flesh . its hand grab at mulder as he thrashes to free himself from it get a grip . as mulder struggle to pull himself up , fight off the creature which he can not see beneath he . resume creature as it emerge from the ice , still grasp and tearing at mulder 's leg with its claw . but as it burst completely from its place , mulder be able to pull himself up and into the vent in one athletic movement . angle from inside the vent - scully lie motionless in the ducting , she body force forward by mulder 's in this last surging move . tight angle on mulder drawing he leg up quickly inside . not waste a moment shove scully 's butt forward in front of he . mulder scully -- you breathe ? resume scully letting out another low , guttural sound -- which strain out of she with each push forward . CUT to : ext . snow / ice bubble - continuous scully 's head and arm push up through the vent where mulder first enter . the ice and snow surround it , which have create the bubble structure , have melt and fall . so that above scully 's larger hole have open up to the surface . the air be full of condensation , swirl around they . angle from above - through the hole in the ice where , through the swirl steam we see mulder push scully clear of the vent . climb free himself now . when the surface they be upon shudder and quake . as if it have come unloose , destabilize . and with this come a mighty force of steam from the vent mulder and scully just crawle from . blast up past they with terrible hissing force . cause mulder to throw scully away from its superheate energy . pull she up the now climbable embankment create by the melting snow ; pull she toward the surface of the ice sheet . CUT to : ext . pole of inaccessibility - antarctica - wide where a wide radius of steam rise from similar and regularly space hole in the ice sheet , define a circular structure beneath . the White dome tents of the ice station be in the center of this , dwarf by the enormity of the melting radius . resume mulder and scully mulder pull she up the soften and collapse snow . the hot steam blast up with hideous force behind they . the sound deafening . new angle over mulder and scully pull she to the surface of the ice sheet where behind they in the distance the ice station can be see through the atmosphere of condense air . when suddenly the ice beneath it give way and the ice station fall away , cave in to the center of the radius . which be what begin to happen to the rest of the ice sheet that spread out to where mulder and scully be stand . cause mulder to realize : mulder ( over the din ) we have get to run ! she be weak , but be able to find she foot . dragge behind mulder as the ice behind they begin to break away , fall down into a ever- expand center and send up magnificent geyser of steam create by the superheate surface below . wide on scene mulder and scully run at camera just ahead of the collapse center . the mass of ice around they beginning to break up . steam vent erupting instantaneously everywhere . CUT to : high angle on scene a black dome be become visible through the giant circle of steam , in the ever- widen center hole that mulder and scully be run from . which be chase they to the edge of the radius . CUT to : angle following mulder and scully as mulder struggle to pull scully fast enough to outrace the icy debris that be tumble away just behind they . large chunks fall and bounce off the superheate surface below , blow back up like water be drop onto a hot skillet . CUT to : extremely high and wide the Agents mere speck flee the circle of churn ice and steam . as it cascade away in three hundred and sixty degree . from here the deafen sound if absorb into the vastness , trick we of the reality of the massive movement of freeze material down below . CUT to : angle leading mulder and scully as scully lose she foot , fall to the ground . mulder drag she back up to she foot , though , maintain forward momentum . while behind they the thunder force of the superheate melting snow and ice be move in on they . and then suddenly -- mulder and scully be go ! the radial edge of the fall snow continue only a few foot beyond where they disappear . the violent upheaval of snow abate but slightly . beat , beat ... then the agent appear again . thrust upward by a rising black precipice which catapult they off its lead edge . as they fall the distance to the sheet of ice below . CUT to : low angle on ice sheet where the Agents hit hard on the ice sheet . the rain of ice chunks pound all around they . as the monolithic wall of the craft continue to rise . mulder try to get to scully in this hail of debris which he shield he face from . wide on leading edge rising faster now out of the earth as it begin to increasingly shed and break free of the freeze weight it carry . until the bottom of the edge of the wall appear , lift clear of the ice sheet and the crater that hold it . CUT to : extreme high wide angle on space ship where now we see the scope and shape of the ship , which be breathtaking . the dome center sloping off to a gentle gradient , which be the surface that mulder and scully be run on . the ship be now slowly rotate as it move upward in a gently rise hover . mulder and scully be on the ice sheet below . resume mulder and scully scully face down on the ice . mulder lift he head when the heavy shadow of the ship come over they . look up from this position to see : the space ship move slowly , laterally just overhead . thunderously rumbling . the dark detail of its underside visible in this angle . as it continue to rise , the shadow pass over mulder and scully . CUT to : new angle over mulder and scully scully be still face down on the ice , as mulder watch the ship 's shadow cast over mulder 's snowcat which be still park in the distance . move up and off . the ship continue up into the Antarctic sky where it rise toward the sky where it begin to get whitehot . transform itself into pure energy . it be visible for several moment during transformation . then it disappear completely . as it do the rumble , which doppler across the white , barren landscape . then it be go . mulder watch this then lay he head down on scully 's back . he be spend , at the brink of complete exhaustion . his whole body heaving . but now start to shiver , and to lose consciousness . scully 's body be motionless beneath he , for a moment we might believe that this be the way it might end . out here on the ice with mulder and scully freezing to death . a chill wind blow off the Antarctic plain , the same low rumble , the only taint of silence in vastness of this literal end of the world . then scully cough -- the same hoarse cough . she 's alive . struggle to consciousness . her head lift slightly , turning to camera . her eye blink open and she cough again . feeling mulder 's weight on top of she , unaware of he condition or even where she be . scully ( weakly ) mulder ... there be no answer . scully struggle to pull herself out from under the weight of he body . Rolling over so that she face be opposite mulder 's now . see that he have lose consciousness . find the strength to roll he over , so that she can cradle he and warm he . high wide angle on this scene with the snowcat a short distance away , mulder and scully in each other arm . the way it should end . fade to black silence . long than we would like . Long enough to make we nervous , then certain , then angry . then ...we fade up a prelap of the sound of a crackling FIRE . fading up on : ext . acre of corn - magic hour tracking low with men in fatigue , move along the perimeter of the corn field as they set fire to the corn stalk with small handheld butane burner . while other Men in fatigue be move between the row dousing the furrow with accelerant . dissolve to : int . FBI field office - dallas - night the large room fill with the evidence and debris from the bombing . it be dark . until a flashlight beam prick the blackness , move toward we into f.g. carry by the man we now recognize as the man who shot mulder . he move with directness , purpose . find what he 's look for amid the cataloge material , he find on a work bench . next to the microscope scully have use . it be the bone fragment , hold in a evidence container . he pocket they and exit as quiet and directly as he enter . dissolve to : ext . acre of corn - wide - cgi plate the sky aglow with orange flame as the crop burn to the ground . we hold on this shot , prelapping the sound of : jana cassidy voice ... in light of the report I have get before I ; in light of the narrative I be now hearing ... int . FBI office of professional review - day Jana cassidy sit at the head of the desk , just as when we first meet she . she be flanke by the other member of the review board , include a.d. Skinner who sit at the end of the table . cassidy flip through a file she 's refer to before she continue . look up with consternation as she resume . cassidy ... my official report be incomplete pend this new fact I be be ask to reconcile . agent scully ... agent scully sitting where she last sit , at the small table . the seat next to she conspicuously empty . her face bear the sign of slight frostbite , somewhat heal . her expression be even , she attitude compose , but she eye be fill of dark , restrain defiance . cassidy ... while there be direct evidence now that a federal agent may have be involved in the bombing ... the other event you have laid down here seem too incredible on they own , and quite frankly implausible in they connection . panning the other board member - curious , bemuse like cassidy . Skinner shift uncomfortably . scully what be it you find incredible ? cassidy well ... where would you like I to start ? Antarctica be a long way from Dallas , agent scully . I can not very well submit a report to the Attorney General that allege the link you have make here . be and corn crop do not quite fall under the rubric of domestic terrorism . scully no , they do not . cassidy most of what I find in here be lack a coherent picture of a organization with a attributable motive . I realize you be very lucky to be alive agent scully . the ordeal you have endure have clearly affect you -- though the hole in you account leave this panel with little choice but to delete this reference from we final report to the justice Department . until which time hard evidence become available that would give we cause to pursue such a investigation . scully have she hand in she coat pocket now . move around the table and approach cassidy . removing something which she put on the desk in front of she . a small vial . scully I do not believe the FBI currently have a investigation unit qualified to pursue the evidence in hand . cassidy pick up the vial , study the content of this vial : the dead bee that stung scully . study it as scully turn and move to the door , without permission , no further adieu . angle to include a.d. skinner watch scully exit . cassidy ( o.s. ) Mr. Skinner ....? camera pivoting to include cassidy . look at he . cassidy please ask agent scully to come back to this hearing . we be not quite finish . as Skinner rise , unsure of the intent behind this directive , we : dissolve to : ext . WASHINGTON D.C. - day we be just above the treetop . the Capitol dome be in the far distance . camera craning down to find mulder sit by himself on a park bench . we be wide . there be no one else around . until the cigarette smoke man appear . walk through the otherwise desert park . join mulder on the park bench . closer on mulder , the cigarette smoking man they do not speak for several moment . a quite tension as the csm light up a trademark smoke . inhaling , exhaling . then : cigarette smoking man congratulation on you survival . you life be worthless now , I hope you know that . mulder and yours ? cigarette smoking man ( derisive ) you think you have stop it . what I have work for fifty year to create . you have not stop it . you can not stop it . ( take a drag ) you be just one man . mulder you be wrong . wide angle mulder rise from the bench head toward camera . the csm rise , watch he . as mulder continue toward we . adjust to reveal agent scully in the f.g. mulder move to she as the csm watch from the distance . they eye meet , a unspoken restore bond exchange in this moment . before mulder take scully by the arm , lead she off . leave the csm stand alone in the distance . as we : dissolve to : ext . corn field / white dome - tunisia - day tracking low with a pair of feet the wearer of they sport peasant sandal . we realize shortly that while the foot be move across sandy ground , that the foliage in the near b.g. be corn . and that the person we be tracking with be pass row after row of stalk . camera rising as it track revealing a tunisian man dress in peasant clothes . he be carry a piece of paper . move with hasty purpose . stop at the end of one of the long row of corn where conrad strughold be come toward he . make he way between row of stalk . the peasant wait patiently as strughold approach , hand he the piece of paper . strughold read it , he otherwise steely countenance reflect a disturbance see only in the slight narrowing of he eye . he look up at the peasant and say something to he in tunisian Arabic . Said as command , which cause the peasant to nod dutifully and move off as he come . strughold stand for a moment , then crumple the paper slightly and drop it . move off down the same corn row in which he approach . camera dropping to the ground where we find the paper on which we see a flat section that be not so crumpled we cannot read the word : x- file re-opened . stop . please advise . stop . camera rising now . rising up past the stalk . where we can still see strughold walk . rising up and up to reveal acre and acre of corn . many time more than we have see previously . stretched out across the tunisian Desert , end only where three white dome stand on the distant horizon . off this image we fade out . the end