the matrix written by Larry and Andy wachowski April 8 , 1996 fade in on : computer screen so close it have no boundary . a blink cursor pulse in the electric darkness like a heart coursing with phosphorous light , burn beneath the derma of black - neon glass . a phone begin to ring , we hear it as though we be make the call . the cursor continue to throb , relentlessly patient , until -- man ( v.o. ) hello ? data now slashes across the screen , information flash faster than we read . screen call tran opt : receive . 2-19-96 13:24:18 rec : log&gt ; woman ( v.o. ) I be inside . anything to report ? we listen to the phone conversation as though we be on a third line . the man 's name be cypher . the woman , trinity . cypher ( v.o. ) let 's see . target leave work at 5:01 pm . screen trace program : run . the entire screen fill with racing column of number . shimmer like green-electric rivet , they rush at a 10 - digit phone number in the top corner . cypher ( v.o. ) he catch the northbound Howard line . get off at sheridan . stop at 7 - 11 . purchase six - pack of beer and a box of Captain crunch . returned home . the area code be identify . the first three number suddenly fix , leave only seven flow column . we begin moving toward the screen , close in as each digit be match , one by one , snap into place like the wheel of a slot machine . trinity ( v.o. ) all right , you be relieved . use the usual exit . cypher ( v.o. ) do you know when we be go to make contact ? trinity soon . only two thin digit leave . cypher ( v.o. ) just between you and I , you do not believe it , do you ? you do not believe this guy be the one ? trinity ( v.o. ) I think morpheus believe he be . cypher ( v.o. ) I know . but what about you ? trinity ( v.o. ) I think morpheus know thing that I do not . cypher ( v.o. ) yeah , but if he 's wrong -- the final number pop into place -- trinity ( v.o. ) do you hear that ? cypher ( v.o. ) hear what ? screen trace complete . call origin : # 312-555-0690 trinity ( v.o. ) be you sure this line be clean ? cypher ( v.o. ) yeah , course I be sure . we move still closer , the electric hum of the green number growing into a ominous roar . trinity ( v.o. ) I better go . cypher ( v.o. ) yeah . right . see you on the other side . she hang up as we pass through the number , enter the netherworld of the computer screen . where gradually the sound of a police radio grow around we . radio ( v.o. ) attention all unit . attention all unit . suddenly , a flashlight cut open the darkness and we find ourselves in -- int . chase HOTEL - night the hotel be abandon after a fire lick its way across the polyester carpete , destroy several room as it spool soot up the wall and ceiling leave pattern of permanent shadow . we follow four armed police officer use flashlight as they creep down the blacken hall and ready themselves on either side of room 303 . the biggest of they violently kick in the door -- the other cop pour in behind he , gun thrust before they . big cop Police ! freeze ! the room be almost devoid of furniture . there be a fold - up table and chair with a phone , a modern , and a powerbook computer . the only light in the room be the glow of the computer . sitting there , she hand still on the keyboard , be trinity ; a woman in black leather . big cop get you hand behind you head ! trinity rise . big cop hand behind you head ! now ! do it ! she slowly put she hand behind she head . ext . chase HOTEL - night a black sedan with tinted window glide in through the police cruiser . agent smith and agent brown get out of the car . they wear dark suit and sunglass even at night . they be also always hardwire ; small secret service earphone in one ear , its cord coiling back into they shirt collar . agent smith Lieutenant ? lieutenant oh shit . agent smith Lieutenant , you be give specific order -- lieutenant I be just do my job . you gimme that juris -my dick -tion and you can cran it up you ass . agent smith the order be for you protection . the Lieutenant laugh . lieutenant I think we can handle one little girl . agent Smith nod to agent Brown as they start toward the hotel . lieutenant I send two unit . they be bring she down now . agent smith no , Lieutenant , you man be dead . int . chase HOTEL the Big cop flick out he cuff , the other cop hold a bead . they have do this a hundred time , they know they have get she , until the Big cop reach with the cuff and trinity move -- it almost do not register , so smooth and fast , inhumanly fast . the eye blink and trinity 's palm . snap up and the nose explode , blood erupting . the cop be dead before he begin to fall . and trinity be move again -- seize a wrist , misdirect a gun , as a startle cop fire -- a head explode . in blind panic , another air he gun , the barrel , a fix black hole -- and fire -- trinity twist out of the way , the bullet miss as she reverse into a roundhouse kick , knock the gun away . the cop begin to scream when a jump kick crush he windpipe , kill the scream as he fall to the ground . she look at the four body . trinity shit . ext . chase HOTEL agent Brown enter the hotel , while agent Smith head for the alley . int . chase HOTEL trinity be on the phone , pace . the other end be answer . man ( v.o. ) Operator . trinity morpheus ! the link be trace ! I do not know how . morpheus ( v.o. ) I know . stay calm . trinity be there any agent ? morpheus ( v.o. ) yes . trinity goddamnit ! morpheus ( v.o. ) you have to focus . there be a phone . Wells and laxe . you can make it . she take a deep breath , center herself . trinity all right -- morpheus ( v.o. ) go. she drop the phone . int . hall she burst out of the room as agent Brown enter the hall , lead another unit of police . trinity race to the opposite end , exite through a break window onto the fire escape . ext . FIRE e5cape in the alley below , trinity see agent Smith stare at she . she can only go up . ext . roof on the roof , trinity be run as agent Brown rise over the parapet , lead the cop in pursuit . trinity begin to jump from one roof to the next , she moverent so clean , glide in and out of each jump , contrast to the wild jump of the cop . agent Brown , however , have the same unnatural grace . the metal scream of a EL train be hear and trinity turn to it , racing for the back of the building . the edge fall away into a wide back alley . the next building be over 40 foot away , but trinity 's face be perfectly calm , stare at some point beyond the other roof . the cop slow , realize they be about to see something ugly as trinity drive at the edge , launching herself into the air . from above , the ground seem to flow beneath she as she hang in flight then hit , somersault up , still run hard . cop motherfucker -- that 's impossible ! they stare , slack -jaw , as agent Brown duplicate the move exactly , landing , roll over a shoulder , up onto one knee . just below the building be the runbling track of rivete steel . the train screech beneath she , a rattling blur of gray metal . trinity junp , landing easily . she look back just as agent Brown hurl through the air barely reach the last car agent Brown stand , yanking out a gun . trinity be run hard as bullet whistle past she head . ahead she see she only chance , 50 foot beyond the point where the train have begin to turn , there be -- a window ; a yellow glow in the midst of a dark brick building . trinity zeroe in on it , run as hard as she can , she speed compound by the train . the scream of the steel rise as she near the edge where the train rock into the turn . trinity hurtle into the empty night space , she body leveling into a dive . she fall , arm cover she head as -- the whole world seem to spin on its axis -- and she crash with a explosion of glass and wood , then fall onto a back stairwell , tumble , bounce down stair bleed , break -- but still alive . through the smashed window , she glimpsis agent Brown , still on the train , he tie and coat whipping in the wind ; stone - face , he touch he ear piece as the train slide he past the window . trinity try to move . everything hurt . trinity get up , trinity . you be fine . get up -- just get up ! she stand and limp down the rest of the stair . ext . STREET trinity emerge from the shadow of a alley and , at the end of the block , in a pool of white street light , she see it . the telephone booth . obviously hurt , she start down the concrete walk , focus in completely , she pace quicken , as the phone begin to ring . across the street , a garbage truck suddenly u-turn , its tire scream as it accelerate . trinity see the headlight on the truck arcing at the telephone booth as if take aim . gritting through the pain , she race the truck -- slam into the booth , the headlight blindingly bright , bear down on the box of plexiglas just as -- she answer the phone . there be a freeze instant of silence before the hulk mass of dark metal lurch up onto the sidewalk -- barrel through the booth , bulldoze it into a brick wall , smash it to plexiglas pulp . after a moment , a black loafer step down from the cab of the garbage truck . agent Smith inspect the wreckage . there be no body . trinity be go . his jaw set as he grind he molar in frustration . agent jone walk up behind he . agent smith do you get anything from the room ? agent jone they next target . the name be Neo . the handset of the pay phone lay on the ground , separate in the crash like a severe limb . agent smith we will need a search run . agent jone it 's already begin . we be sucked toward the mouthpiece of the phone , closer and closer , until the smooth gray plastic spread out like a horizon and the small hole widen until we fall through one -- swallow by the darkness that become -- a computer screen . we be on -line , inside a chat room call " the matrix . " it be a exklusive web-site where hacker hang out . screen jackon : I hear morpheus have be on this board . superastic : morpheus do not even exist and the matrix be nothing but a advertising gimmick 4 a new game . timaxe : all I want to know be trinity really a girl ? lodiii : 87 % of all woman on line be really man . quark : the matrix be a euphemism for the government . superastic : no , the matrix be the system control we life . timaxe : you mean MTV . superastic : I mean sega . fos4 : all hail sega !!! we drift back from the electric conversation enter -- int . neo's apartment it be a studio apartirent that seem overgrown with technology . weed -like cable coil everywhere , duct -tape into thicket that wind up and around the leg of several desk . tabletops be fill with cannibalize equipment that lay open like a autopsie corpse . we turn towards the center of this rat-nest of technology , follow the slurping and crunching of cereal . we pass a open box of capln crunch as we find -- neo , a young man who know more about live inside a computer than live outside one . neo fuckin ' idiot do not know shit . he finish he cereal and be about to disconnect when a anonynous message slice onto the screen . screen do you want to know what the matrix be , Neo ? Neo be freeze when he read he name . screen superastic : who say that ? jackon : who 's Neo ? gibson : this be a private board . if you want to know , follow the white rabbit . neo what the hell ... screen timaxe : someone be hack the hacker ! fos4 : it 's morpheus !!!!! jackon : identify yourself . knock , knock , Neo . a chill run down he spine and when someone knock on he door he almost jump out of he chair . he look at the door , then back at the computer but the message be go . he shake he head , not completely sure what happen . again , someone knock . cautiously , Neo approach the door . voice ( o.s. ) hey , Tommy -boy ! you in there ? recognize the voice , he relax and open it . ANTHONY , who life down the hall , be stand outside with a group of friend . neo what do you want , Anthony ? ANTHONY I need you help , man . desperate . they get I , man . the shackle of fascism . he hold up the red notice that accompany the Denver boot . neo you get the money this time ? he hold up two hundred dollar and Neo open the door . Anthony 's girlfriend , dujour , stop in front of Neo . dujour you can really get that thing off , right now ? ANTHONY I tell you , honey , he may look like just another geek but this here be all we get leave stand between Big brother and the New World order . ext . STREET a police officer unlock a yellow metal boot from the wheel of a enormous oldsmobile . int . neo's apartment they watch from the window as the cop , silently , robotically , climb into they van . ANTHONY look at them . automaton . do not think about what they be - do or why . Computer tell them what to do and they do it . friend #l thc banality of evil . he slap the money in Neo 's hand . ANTHONY thanks , neighbor . dujour why do not you come to the party with we ? neo I do not know . I have to work tomorrow . dujour come on . it will be fun . he look up at she and suddenly notice on she black leather motorcycle jacket dozen of pin : band , symbol , slogan , military medal and -- a small white rabbit . the room tilt . neo yeah , yeah . sure , I will go . int . apartment a older Chicago apartment ; a series of hall connect a chain of small high - ceiling room line with heavy casement . smoke hang like a veil , blur the few light there be . dress predominantly in black , people be everywhere , gather in clique around piece of furniture like jungle cat around a tree . Neo stand against a wall , alone , sip from a bottle of beer , feel completely out of place , he be about to leave when he notice a woman stare at he . the woman be trinity . she walk straight up to he . in the nearest room , shadow - like figure grind against each other to the pneumatic beat of industrial music . trinity hello , Neo . neo how do you know that -- trinity I know a lot about you . I have be want to meet you for some time . neo who be you ? trinity my name be trinity . neo trinity ? the trinity ? the trinity that crack the i.r.s. Kansas City D - base ? trinity that be a long time ago . neo gee-zus . trinity what ? neo I just think ... you be a guy . trinity most guy do . Neo be a little embarrassed . neo do you want to go sorewhere and talk ? trinity no . it 's safe here and I do not have much time . the music be so loud they must stand very close , talk directly into each other 's ear . neo that be you on the board tonight . that be you note , be not it ? trinity I have to gamble that you would see and they would not . neo who would not ? trinity I can not explain everything to you . I be sure that it 's all go to seem very strange , but I bring you here to warn you , Neo . you be in a lot of danger . neo what ? why ? trinity they be watch you . something happen and they find out about you . normally , if we target be expose we let it go . but this time , we can not do that . neo I do not understand -- trinity you come here because you want to know the answer to a hacker 's question . neo the matrix . what be the matrix ? trinity twelve year ago I meet a man , a great man , who say that no one could be tell the answer to that question . that they have to see it , to believe it . her body be against he ; she lip very close to he ear . trinity he tell I that no one should look for the answer unless they have to because once you see it , everything change . you life and the world you live in will never be the same . it 's as if you wake up one morning and the sky be fall . there be a hypnotic quality to she voice and Neo feel the word like a drug , seeping into he . trinity the truth be out there , Neo . it 's look for you and it will find you , if you want it to . she take hold of he with she eye . trinity that 's all I can tell you right now . good-bye , Neo . and good luck . neo wait . who be it ? who be the man ? she lean close , she lip alrost touch he ear as she whisper . trinity you know who . she turn and he watch she melt into the shifting wall of body . a SOUND rise steadily , grow out of the music , press in on Neo until it be all he can hear as we -- CUT to : int . neo's apartment the sound be a alarm clock , slowly drag Neo to consciousness . he strain to read the clock face : 9:15 a.m . neo shitshitshit . ext . skyscraper the downtown office of cortech , a software development company . int . cortech office the main office be along each wall , the window overlook downtown Chicago . rhineheart , the ultimate company man , lecture Neo without look at he , type at he computer continuously . Neo stare at two window cleaner on a scaffold outside , drag they rubber squeeege down across the surface of the glass . rhineheart you have a problem , Mr. Anderson . you think that you be special . you believe that somehow the rule do not apply to you . he stop , glance over he glass at Neo , who turn in time . rhineheart obviously , you be mistaken . his long , bony finger resume click the keyboard . rhineheart this company be one of the top software company in the world because every single employee understand that they be a part of a whole . thus , if a employee have a problem , the company have a problem . he turn again . rhineheart the time have come to make a choice , Mr. Anderson . either you choose to be at you desk on time from this day forth , or you choose to find yourself another job . do I make myself clear ? neo yes , Mr. rhineheart . perfectly clear . int . neo's cubicle the entire floor look like a human honeycomb , with a labyrinth of cubicle structure around a core of elevator . Neo slump down into he chair . a tall employee stand up in the adjacent cubicle , lean over the partition . tall employee what do he say ? neo if I be late again , I be go to be fire . he smirk . tall employee well , it be nice work with you . Neo glare at he , as he sink down . voice ( o.s. ) Thomas Anderson ? Neo turn and find a federal express man at he cubicle door . neo yeah . that 's I . Neo sign the electronic pad and the fedex guy hand he the softpak . fedex have a nice day . he open the bag . Inside be a cellular phone . it seem the instant it be in he hand , it ring . unnerve , he flip it open . neo hello ? morpheus ( v.o. ) hello , Neo . this be morpheus . Neo 's knee give and he fall into he chair . morpheus ( v.o. ) I have hope for this conversation to take place under less adverse condition , but you can never count on hope , can you , Neo ? neo ... no . morpheus ( v.o. ) I have be watch you , Neo , and I want to meet you . I do not know if you be ready to see what I want to show you , but unfortunately , we have run out of time . they be come for you , Neo . and I be not sure what they be go to do . neo who 's come for I ? morpheus ( v.o. ) stand up and see for yourself . neo right now ? morpheus ( v.o. ) yes. now . Neo start to stand . morpheus ( v.o. ) do it slowly . slowly . the elevator . his head slowly peek up over the partition . at the elevator , he see agent Brown and agent Jones lead a group of cop . a female employee turn and point out Neo 's cubicle . Neo duck . neo Holy fuckin ' shit ! morpheus ( v.o. ) yes . one cop stay at the elevator , the other follow the agent . neo what the fuck do they want with I ?! morpheus ( v.o. ) I be not sure . but , if you do not want to find out , you better get out of there . neo how ?! morpheus ( v.o. ) I can guide you out , but you have to do exactly what I say . the agent be move quickly towards the cubicle . morpheus ( v.o. ) the cubicle across from you be empty . neo but what if ...? morpheus ( v.o. ) go! now ! Neo lunge across the hall , diving into the other cubicle just as the agent turn into he row . Neo cram himself into a dark corner , clutching the phone tightly to he . morpheus ( v.o. ) stay here for a moment . the agent enter Neo 's empty cubicle . a cop be send to search the bathroom . morpheus ' voice be a whisper in Neo 's ear . morpheus ( v.o. ) a little longer ... Brown be talk to the tall employee . morpheus ( v.o. ) when I tell you , go to the end of the row to the first office on the leave , stay . as low as you can . sweat trickle down he forehead . morpheus ( v.o. ) now . Neo roll out of the cubicle , he eye pop as he freeze right behind a cop who have just turn around . stay crouch , he sneak away , down the row , shoot across the open to the first office on the leave . the room be empty . morpheus ( v.o. ) good . now there be a window . open it . neo how do you know all this ? morpheus laugh quietly . morpheus ( v.o. ) the answer be come , Neo . he open the window . the window howl into the room . morpheus ( v.o. ) outside , there 's a scaffold . you can use it to get to the roof . lean out the window , he see that the scaffold be several office away . neo no ! it 's too far away . morpheus ( v.o. ) there 's a small ledge . it 's a short climb . you can make it . Neo look down ; the building 's glass wall vertigo into a concrete chasm . neo no way , no way , this be crazy . morpheus ( v.o. ) do not be control by you fear , Neo . there be only two way out of this building . one be that scaffold . the other be in they custody . you take a chance either way . I leave it to you . click . he hang up . Neo look at the door , then back at the scaffold . neo this be insane ! why be this happen to I ? what do I do ? I be nobody . I do not do anything . fuck ! fuck ! fuck ! he climb up onto the window ledge . hanging onto the frame , he step onto the small ledge . the scaffold seem even farther away . neo I be go to die . the wind suddenly blast up the face of the building , knock Neo off balance . recoil , he cling harder to the frame , and the phone fall out of he hand . he watch as it be swallow by the distance beneath he . neo this be insane . I can not do this ! forget it ! he climb back into the office just as a cop open the door . neo I do not do anything ! ext . skyscraper the agent lead a handcuff Neo out of the revolve door , force he head down as they push he into the dark sedan . trinity watch in the rear view mirror of she motorcycle . trinity shit . int . interrogation room - close on camera monitor a wide angle view of a white roon , where Neo be sit at a table alone . we move into the monitor , entering the room as if the monitor be a window . at the same moment , the door open and the agent enter . Smith sit down across from Neo . a thick manila envelope slap down on the table between they . Neo glance at the name on the file : " Anderson , Thomas a . " agent smith as you can see , we have have we eye on you for some time now , Mr. Anderson . he open the file . Paper rattle mark the silence as he flip several page . Neo can not tell if he be look at the file or at he . agent smith it seem that you have be live two life . in one life , you be Thomas A. Anderson , program writer for a respectable software company . you have a social security number , you pay you tax and you help you land lady carry out she garbage . the page continue to turn . agent smith the other life be live in computer where you go by the hacker alias Neo , and be guilty of virtually every computer crime we have a law for , include the unauthorize use of the d.m.v. system for the removal of automobile boot . Neo feel himself sink into a pit of shit . agent smith one of this , life have a future . one of they do not . he close the file . agent smith I be go to be as forthcoming as I can be , Mr. Anderson . you be here because we need you help . he remove he sunglass ; he eye be a unnatural ice - blue . agent smith we know that you have be contact by a certain individual . a man who call himself morpheus . whatever you think you know about this man be irrelevant to the fact that he be want for act of terrorism in more country than any other man in the world . he be consider by many authority to be the most dangerous man alive . he lean closer . agent smith my colleague believe that I be waste my time with you , but I believe you want to do the right thing . it be obvious that you be a intelligent man , Mr. Anderson , and that you be interested in the future . that be why I believe you be ready to put you past mistake behind you and get on with you life . Neo try to match he stare . agent smith we be willing to wipe the slate clean , to give you a fresh start and all we be ask in return be you cooperation in bring a know terrorist to justice . Neo nod to himself . neo yeah . wow . that sound like a real good deal . but I think I have a better one . how about I give you the finger -- he do . neo and you can cram that file up you secret service sphincter . agent Smith put he glass back on . agent smith you disappoint I , Mr. Anderson . neo you be not see nothing yet . agent smith the irony of you situation be that you have no choice . neo you can not scare I with this gestapo crap . I know my rights . I want my phone call . agent Smith smile . agent smith and tell I , Mr. Anderson , what good be a phone call iy you be unable to speak ? the question unnerve Neo and strangely , he begin to feel the muscle in he jaw tighten . the stand agent snicker , watch Neo 's confusion grow into panic . Neo feel he lip grow soft and sticky as they slowly seal shut , meld into each other until all trace of he mouth be go . Wild with fear , he lunge for the door but the agent restrain he hold he in the chair . agent smith you be go to help we , Mr. Anderson , whether you want to or not . Smith nod and the other two rip open he shirt . from a case take out of he suit coat , Smith remove a long , fiber - optic wire tap . Neo struggle helplessly as Smith dangle the wire over he expose abdomen . horrify , he watch as the electronic device animate , become a organic creature that resemble a hybrid of a insect and a fluke worm . thin , whisker - like tendril reach out and probe into Neo 's navel . he buck wildly as Smith drop the creature which look for a moment like a uncut umbilical cord -- before it begin to burrow its , tail thrashing as it worm its way inside . int . neo's apartment - night scream , Neo bolt upright in bed . he realize that he be home . be it a dream ? his mouth be normal . his stomach look fine . he start to take a deep , everything - is- okay breath , when -- the phone ring . it almost stop he heart . it continue ringing , building pressure in the room , force he up out of bed , suck he in with a almost gravitational force . he answer it , say nothing . morpheus ( v.o. ) . this line be tapped , so I must be brief . neo the agent -- morpheus ( v.o. ) they get to you first , but they have underestimate how important you be . if they know what I know , you would probably be dead . Neo feel sick . morpheus ( v.o. ) I do not know what you be think right now but I want you to understand that I will not give up on you until you give up on I . Neo 's throat crack , dry as the sahara . morpheus ( v.o. ) do you still want to meet ? neo ... yes . morpheus ( v.o. ) take the Howard line south . click . he close he eye , unsure of what he have do . ext . EL train a EL train rage against its metal rail . int . train it be three a.m. , and the train carry the usual urban night crawler . Neo sit alone , eye shifting , watch everything nervously . there be a metal bang and train clatter fill the car as the door be open . Neo turn and see a large man enter . he be wear sunglass and a black leather jacket . his name be apoc and he walk straight at Neo . apoc come with I . Neo stand just as the door at the opposite end open and two police officer rush in , draw they gun . apoc grab Neo , muscle he to the nearest exit . there be no upcoming station . apoc yank the emergency brake and the train buckle against its own speed . the cop be throw back . Neo slam against the metal rail . the door open onto nothing and just when Neo regains he balance , apoc shove he backwards -- he fly out from the train , arm windrill as he fall from , the raise track -- hurtling towards a busy city street when , out of nowhere , a truck race under he and -- he crash into a large dumpster - bed fill with empty box . int . truck bed still shaking he head , Neo realize he be not alone . a man name cabie be aim a big gun at he . trinity be next to he , talk into a cellular phone . trinity we get he . call the chop-shop . she hang up . trinity listen to I , Neo . you have to , trust we . she tear off a long strip of black duct - tape and reach for he face . neo what be you do ? trinity this have to be do for you protection and ours . she seal he eye shut with the tape . trinity you can not understand right now , but if you be not one of we , you be one of they . ext . lower wacker a featureless black van glide up to a staircase that curl down from the city 's surface . trinity guide the blind Neo down the step . the back of the van slap open , revealing a young , skinny man who look to be still in he teens , wear a outfit that be a cross between a surgeon and a telephone repair man . his name be gizmo and he smile lewdly at trinity , expose he tooth that be wire with weird - look brace . gizmo va va va voom . still the hot software around . trinity hello , gizmo . Neo hear the voice around he . gizmo this be really the guy ? the guy that morpheus think -- trinity yeah . gizmo but he 's so old . trinity be you go to help we or be not you ? gizmo hacksaw . load up the copper- top and let 's get the hell outta here . hacksaw be a huge man in a leather welder 's apron . he shoulder Neo and haul he into the van . a moment later the green light of lower wacker curve over the tinted windshield as the van rush through the underworld . int . van the chop -shop be fill with electronic gadget , wire to meter and monitor . there be shelf line with medical supplies and row of hang tool , knife , cleaver , and stainless steel clamp . Neo be strapped down to a ambulance cart , listen nervously as gizmo get to work . gizmo okay , first we take a little look under the hood . he pull up the goggle hang at he neck and they blink to life with tiny halogen light and lense irise to vary level of magnification . gizmo you be go to feel a little prick . he insert acupuncture - like needle into Neo 's lower abdomen . the needle be wire to video monitor . hacksaw pilot the fiber-optic lens . neo what be you do ? trinity we think you be bugge . we can not take you to morpheus until you be clean . gizmo there it be . on a monitor , we see the bug nestle in among neol large intestine . gizmo hit he with 10 ccs of local . hacksaw load a hypodermic needle and pump a anesthetic around neol navel . use a device that look like a miniature speculum , gizmo insert a knuckle dental pick . type into a calculator keypad wire to the pick , he automate the tip . on the monitor , we watch it telescope out and the end separate into a tiny hook , metal claw . gizmo here , kitty , kitty , kitty . the claw snag hold of the bug . gizmo gotcha ! but the bug react violently . Neo scream as it wrap itself around the soft tissue web of intestine . gizmo shit . trinity what 's happen ? gizmo I do not know . they have never do that before . Neo writhes in pain . gizmo hold he down . neo Jesus ! God ! trinity do something ! gizmo I get it ! maybe we can stun it . trinity be you crazy ? that will kill he . we watch Neo , who can not see what they be talk about . gizmo it will work . come on , do it or hacksaw will . neo do what ? the instant he hear the word , he know . trinity clear . neo oh , shit -- the cry be freeze in he mouth as the paddle hit he chest . gizmo wrestle with the bug . gizmo hit he again ! again , the electricity convulse through he as gizmo yank the speculum out . gizmo get it ! trinity touch Neo , who be just beginning to breathe . she ease the tape off he eye . trinity Neo , be you okay ? he nod . trinity it 's over . we get it . hanging from the claw pick be the inanimate metal wire - tap . gizmo nasty little bugger , be not it ? int . HOTEL lafayette the van stop in a desert alley behind a forget hotel . the door open and trinity help Neo get out . trinity thanks for you help , gizmo . gizmo I just hope the man know what he 's do . she nod then climb out of the van . gizmo ogle the tight leather pants . gizmo goddamn , what I would not give for a copy of that software . trinity turn around . trinity gizmo , you do not have the hardware to handle this software . he howl with adolescent laughter as the van pull away . trinity turn to Neo . trinity let 's go . he 's wait . int . HOTEL lafayette it be a place of putrefy elegance , a rotting host of urban maggotry . trinity lead Neo from the stairwell down the hall of the thirteenth floor . they stop outside room 1313 . trinity this be it . Neo can hear he own heart pound . trinity let I give one piece of advice . be honest . he know more than you can possibly imagine . int . room 1313 across the room , a dark figure stare out the tall window veile with decaye lace . he turn and he smile light up the room . morpheus at last . he wear a long black coat and he eye be invisible behind circular mirrore glass . he stride to Neo and they shake hand . morpheus welcome , Neo . as you no doubt have guess , I be morpheus . neo it 's a honor . morpheus please . come . sit. he nod to trinity . morpheus thank you , trinity . she bow she head sharply and exit through a door to a adjacent room . they sit across from one another in crack , burgundy - leather chair . morpheus I imagine , right now , you must be feel a bit like Alice , tumble down the rabbit hole ? neo you could say that . morpheus I can see it in you eye . you have the look of a man who accept what he see because he be expect to wake up . a smile , razor-thin , curl the corner of he lip . morpheus ironically , this be not far from the truth . but I be get ahead of myself . can you tell I , Neo , why be you here ? neo you be morpheus , you be a legend . most hacker would die to meet you . morpheus yes . thank you . but I think we both know there 's more to it than that . do you believe in fate , Neo ? neo no. morpheus why not ? neo because I do not like the idea that I be not in control of my life . morpheus I know exactly what you mean . again , that smile that could cut glass . morpheus let I tell you why you be here . you be here because you have the gift . neo what gift ? morpheus I have watch you , Neo . you do not use a computer like a tool . you use it like it be part of yourself . what you can do inside a computer be not normal . I know . I have see it . what you do be magic . Neo shrug . neo it 's not magic . morpheus but it be , Neo . it be . how else would you describe what have be happen to you ? he lean forward . morpheus we be train in this world to accept only what be rational and logical . have you ever wonder why ? Neo shake he head . morpheus as child , we do not separate the possible from the impossible which be why the young a mind be the easier it be to free while a mind like yours can be very difficult . neo free from what ? morpheus from the matrix . Neo lock at he eye but only see a reflection of himself . morpheus do you want to know what it be , Neo ? Neo swallow and nod he head . morpheus it 's that feel you have have all you life . that feel that something be wrong with the world . you do not know what it be but it 's there , like a splinter in you mind , drive you mad , drive you to I . but what be it ? the leather creak as he lean back . morpheus the matrix be everywhere , it 's all around we , here even in this room . you can see it out you window , or on you television . you feel it when you go to work , or go to church or pay you tax . it be the world that have be pull over you eye to blind you from the truth . neo what truth ? morpheus that you be a slave , Neo . that you , like everyone else , be bear into bondage ... ... keep inside a prison that you can not smell , taste , or touch . a prison for you mind . outside , the wind batter a loose pane of glass . morpheus unfortunately , no one can be tell what the matrix be . you have to see it for yourself . neo how ? morpheus hold out you hand . in Neo 's right hand , morpheus drop a red pill . morpheus this be you last chance . after this , there be no go back . in he leave , a blue pill . morpheus you take the blue pill and the story end . you wake in you bed and you believe whatever you want to believe . the pill in he open hand be reflect in the glass . morpheus you take the red pill and you stay in wonderland and I show you how deep the rabbit-hole go . Neo feel the smooth skin of the capsule , with the moisture grow in he palm . morpheus remember that all I be offer be the truth . nothing more . Neo open he mouth and swallow the red pill . the cheshire smile return . morpheus follow I . he lead Neo into the other room , which be cramped with high - tech equipment , glow ash -bliie and electric green from the rack of monitor . trinity , apoc and cypher look up as they enter . cypher shit . trinity I know he would . cypher saddle up to morpheus , talk in a hushed tone away from , Neo . cypher morpheus , I know what you believe but I think this be a mistake . we be rush he . he 's old . I be afraid he might pop . morpheus have not I always tell you , cypher , not to let fear control you life . apoc , be we on-line ? Neo recognize the large man from the El train . apoc almost . he and trinity be work quickly , hardwire a complex system of monitor , module and drive . neo apoc ? you write the four horseman virus . apoc that 's right . morpheus Neo , time be always against we . will you take a seat there ? in the center of the room sit a chair . near the chair be a old oval dress mirror that be crack . morpheus I imagine you know sonethe about virtual reality . Neo sit and trinity begin gently fix white electrode disk to he head , arn , and the back of he neck . neo a little . morpheus tell I about it . neo essentially , it 's a hardware system that use a apparatus ; headgear , glove and whatever to make you feel that you be in a computer program . morpheus if the virtual reality apparatus , as you call it , be wire to all of you sense and control they completely , would you be able to tell the difference between the virtual world and the real world ? neo you might not , no . morpheus no , you would not . Neo whisper to trinity . neo you do all this ? she nod , place a set of headphone over he ear . they be wire to a old hotel phone . morpheus the pill you take be part of a trace program . it 's go to make thing feel a bit strange . distantly , through the ear phone , he hear apoc pounding on a keyboard . sweat bead he face . his eye blink and twitch when he notice the mirror . Wide -ey he stare as it begin to heal itself , a webwork of crack that slowly run together as though the mirror be become liquid . neo shit ... cypher work with apoc check ream of phosphorescent data . trinity monitor Neo 's electric vital sign . Neo reach out to touch the mirror and he finger disappear beneath the rippling surface . quickly , he try to pull he finger out but the mirror stretch in long rubbery strand like mirrore - taffy stick to he fingertip . neo what be this ? mescaline ? morpheus just relax , Neo . the strand thin like rubber cement as he pull away , until the fragile wisp of mirror thread break . with the tinkling of glass , shimmer snowflake of electric-blinking mercury fall , hit the ground , and fade . he look at he hand ; finger distend into mirrore icicle that begin to melt rapidly , drip , run like wax down he finger , spread across he palm where he see he face reflect . neo uh-oh ... trinity it 's go into replication . morpheus apoc ? apoc still nothing . morpheus take out a cellular phone and dial a number . morpheus tank , we be go to need the signal soon . stay calm , Neo . the mirror gel seem to come to life , racing , crawl up he arn like hundred of insect . neo it 's cold . the mirror creep up he neck as Neo begin to panic , tipping he head as though he be sink into the mirror , try to keep he mouth up . neo it 's all over I -- morpheus be right next to he , with the phone . trinity I get a fibrillation ! cypher I know it , I know it ... morpheus shit! apoc ? stream of mercury run from Neo 's nose . apoc targeting ... almost there . a alarm , on trinity 's monitor erupt . trinity he 's go into arrest ! cypher he 's gonna pop ! apoc lock ! I get he ! morpheus now , tank now ! his eye tear with mirror , roll up and close as a high - pitch electric scream erupt in the headphone -- it be a pierce shriek like a computer call to another computer -- Neo 's body arch in agony and we be pull like we be pull into the hole of the phone sucked into he scream and swallow by darkness . int . power plant - close on man' body float in a womb-re amnion . his body spasm , fight against the thick gelatin . Metal tube , surreal version of hospital tube , obscure he face . other line like ivs be connect to limb and cover he genitals . he be struggle desperately now . Air bubbles into the jell -o but do not break the surface . press up , the surface distend , stretch like a red rubber coccon . unable to breathe , he fight wildly to stand , claw at the thinning elastic shroud -- until it rupture , a hole widen around he mouth as he suck for air . tearing himself free , he emerge from the cell . it be Neo . he be bald and naked , he body slick with gelatin . dizzy , nauseous , he wait for he vision to focus . he be stand in a oval capsule of clear alloy fill with red gelatin , the surface of which have solidify like curdle milk . the ivs in he arm be plugge into outlet that appear to be graft to he flesh . he feel the weight of another cable and reach to the back of he head where he find a enormous coaxial plugge and lock into the base of he skull . he try to pull it out but it would be easier to pull off a finger . to either side he see other tube - shape pod fill with red gelatin ; beneath the wax - like surface , pale and motionless , he see other human being . fanning out in a circle , there be more . all connect to a center core , each capsule like a red , dimly glow petal attach to a black metal stem . above he , level after , level , the stem rise seemingly forever . he move to the foot of the capsule and look out . the image assault he mind . tower of glow petal spiral up to incomprehensible height , disappear down into a dim murk like a underwater abyss . his sight be blurred and warpe , exaggerate the intensity of the vision . the sound of the plant be like the sound of the ocean hear from inside the belly of leviathan . below Neo , a petal detach from the stem , bear away the body of a old man like a automated barge even as a new pod rise up and plug itself into the empty space . Inside the new capsule , its surface more translucent and pinkish in color , Neo see a small baby . from above , a machine drop directly in front of Neo . he swallow he scream as it seem to stare at he . it be almost insect - like in its design ; beautiful housing of alloy metal cover organic-like system of hard and soft polymer . a black particle beam wash over Neo , he react in pain as the scanner seem to expose the nervous system wire to the coaxial cable at he cerebral cortex . at the back of the neck , the cable lock spin and open , disengaging . the cable pull itself free , a long clear plastic needle and cerebrum - chip slide from the anterior of neol skull with a ooze of blood and spinal fluid . the other connective hose snap free and snake away as -- the back of the unit open and a tremendous vacuum , like a airplane door open , suck the gelatin and then Neo into a black hole . int . waste line the pipe be a waste disposal system and Neo fall , slide with the clot of gelatin . bank through pipe spiral and elbow , flush up through grease trap clogge with cily clunp of cellulite . Neo begin to drow when he be suddenly snatch from the flow of waste . the metallic cable then lift , pull he up into the belly of the futuristic fly nachine , hover inside the sewer main line . int . hovercraft the metal harness open and drop the half - conscious Neo onto the floor . human hand and arm help he up as he find himself look straight at morpheus . trinity and apoc . and other , dress in bizarre , high - tech combat gear . morpheus smile . morpheus welcome to the real world , Neo . Neo pass out . fade to black . we have no sense of time . we hear voice whisper . man ( o.s. ) do you think morpheus be right ? do you think he could be the one ? woman ( o.s. ) it do not matter now . but if he 's wrong ... fade in : neo's Pov Neo 's eye flutter open . we see trinity 's face above we , angelic in the fluorescent glow of a light stick . angle on neo neo ... be I dead ? trinity Far from it . fade to black . fade in : angle on neo he open he eye again , something tingling through he . he focus and see he body pierce with dozen of acupuncture - like needle wire to a strange device . dozer he need a lot of work . morpheus I know . dozer and morpheus be operate on Neo . neo what be you do ? morpheus you muscle have atrophy . we be rebuild they . fluorescent light stick burn unnaturally bright . neo why do my eye hurt ? morpheus you have never use they before . morpheus take he sunglass off and put they on Neo . Neo lay back . morpheus Rest , Neo . the answer be come . int . neo's room Neo wake up from a deep sleep , feel better . he be wear a black tank top and short . he begin to examine himself . there be a futuristic iv plugge into the jack in he forearm . he pull it out , stare at the graft outlet . he feel he bald head . his finger find and explore the large outlet in the base of he skull . just as he start to come unglue , morpheus open the door . neo morpheus , what 's happen to I ? what be this place ? morpheus more important than what be when ? neo when ? morpheus you believe the year be 1997 when in fact it be much closer to 2197 . I can not say for certain what year it be because we honestly do not know . the wind be knock from Neo 's chest . neo that 's not possible . morpheus I promise you the truth , Neo , and the truth be that the world you be live in be a lie . neo how ? morpheus I will show you . int . hovercraft like a sleepwalker , Neo follow morpheus through the ship . morpheus this be my ship , the nebuchadnezzar . it 's a hovercraft . small like a submarine . it 's dark . it 's cramped and cold . but it 's home . they climb a ladder up to the main deck . int . MAIN deck everyone be there . morpheus this be the main deck . you know most of my crew . trinity smile and nod . morpheus the one you do not know . that 's mouse and switch . the two big guy be tank and dozer . the name and face wash meaninglessly over Neo . morpheus and this , this be the core . this be where we broadcast we pirate signal and hack into the matrix . it be a swamp of bizarre electronic equipment . vine of coaxial hang and snake to and from huge monolithic battery slab , a black portable satellite dish and bank of little system and computer monitor . at the center of the web , there be six ectoskeleton chair make of a poly - alloy frame and suspension harness . near the circle of chair be the control console and operator 's station where the network be monitor . morpheus help he , trinity . Neo allow himself to be help into one of the chair . morpheus do you remember when I ask you about a apparatus that could turn a virtual reality into reality ? Neo nod . morpheus it 's right here . he touch Neo 's head . morpheus and it 's access here . Neo feel morpheus guide a coaxial line into the jack at the back of he neck . the cable have the same kind of cerebellum chip we see inside the plant . morpheus this will feel a little weird . there be several disturbing noise as he work the needle in . we move in as Neo 's shoulder bunch and he face tighten into a grimace until a loud click fire and he ear pop like when you equalize they underwater . he relax , open he eye as we pull back to a feel of weightlessness inside another place -- int . construct Neo be stand in a empty , blank - white space . morpheus this be the construct . startle , Neo whip around and find morpheus now in the room with he . morpheus it be we load program . we can load anything from clothes , to weapon , to training simulation . anything we need . morpheus walk past Neo and when Neo turn he see the two leather chair from the hotel set up in front of a large - screen television . morpheus sit down . Neo stand at the back of the chair as morpheus sit . neo right now , we be inside a computer program ? morpheus Wild , be not it ? Neo 's hand run over the crack leather . neo this be not real ? morpheus what be real ? how do you define real ? if you be talk about you sense , what you feel , taste , smell , or see , then all you be talk about be electrical signal interprete by you brain . he pick up a remote control and click on the television . we drift through the windy City circa 1996 . morpheus this be the Chicago you know . Chicago as it be at the end of the twentieth century . this Chicago exist only as part of a neural - interactive simulation that we call the matrix . we glide at the television as he change the channel . morpheus you have be live inside baulliaurd 's vision , inside the map , not the territory . this be Chicago as it exist today . the sky be a endless sea of black and green bile . the earth , scorched and split like burnt flesh , spread out beneath we as we enter the television . morpheus ' the desert of the real . ' in the distance , we see the ruin of a future Chicago protrude from the wasteland like the blacken rib of a long - dead corpse . morpheus we be , right now , mile below the earth 's surface . the only place human can survive outside the matrix be underground . still moving , we turn and find Neo and morpheus ; the chair now sit in the middle of the black desert . dizzy , Neo hold onto the chair . neo what happen ? morpheus it start early in the twenty - first century , with the birth of artificial intelligence , a singular consciousness that spawn a entire race of machine . in he sunglass , we see storm cloud gather . morpheus at first all they want be to be treat as equal , entitle to the same human inalienable rights . whatever they be give , it be not enough . in the circular window of the glass , explosion light up a bloody battle field . morpheus we do not know who strike first . we or they . but sometime at the end of the twenty - first century the battle be join . we move into he glass and the war surround we . morpheus the war rage for generation and turn the face of we planet from green and blue to black and red . at last we see the sentinel ; kill machine that be at once terrifying and beautiful . they have a organic architecture like a microbiotic organism , that be perpetually in motion . the sentinel crack the body armor of a soldier , split open the soft , stearing meat inside . morpheus it scorched and burn the sky . without the sun , the machine seek out a new energy source to survive . the sentinel lock up , as heat lightning of black ink burst against the sky , spread into a permanent cloud of stain . morpheus they discover a new form of fusion . all that be require to initiate the reaction be a small electric charge . throughout human history we have be dependent on machine to survive . fate , it seem , be not without a sense of irony . we return to the power plant that Neo escape from where we see human being look almost blissful in they gelatin cocoon . morpheus the human body generate more bio - electricity than a 120 - volt battery and over 25,000 b.t.u. 's of body heat . outside , spread all around the power plant , beneath a breathe greenhouse , be the grow field . morpheus we be , as a energy source , easily renewable and completely recyclable , the dead liquified and feed intravenously to the live . huge farm - like reaper be harvest the crop . morpheus all they need to control this new battery be something to occupy we mind . we see inside a clear tubular husk . float in viscous fluid , there be a human fetus ; its soft skull already grow around the brain -jack . morpheus and so they build a prison out of we past , wire it to we brain and turn we into slave . we pull back to find the image be now on the television and we be again inside the white space of the construct . neo no ! I do not believe it ! it 's not possible ! morpheus I do not say that it would be easy , Neo . I just say that it would be the truth . the room without wall begin to spin . neo stop ! let I out ! I want out ! int . MAIN deck his eye snap open and he thrashes against the chair , try to rip the cable from the back of he neck . neo get this thing out of I ! trinity easy , neo. easy . dozer hold he while trinity unlock it . once it 's out , he tear away from they , fall as he trip free of the harness . neo do not touch I ! get away from I ! on he hand and knee , he reel as the world spin . sweat pour off he as a pressure build inside he skull as if he brian have be put into a centrifuge . cypher he 's go to pop ! vomiting violently , Neo pitch forward and black out . int . neo's room he blink , regain consciousness . the room be dark . Neo be stretch out on he bed . neo I can not go back , can I ? morpheus sit like a shadow on a chair in the far corner . morpheus no . but if you could , would you really want to ? Neo be not sure of that answer . morpheus I feel that I owe you a apology . there be a rule that we do not free a mind once it reach a certain age . it be dangerous . they have trouble let go .. they mind turn against they . I have see it happen . I break the rule because I have to . he stare into the darkness , confess as much to himself as Neo . morpheus when the matrix be first build there be a man bear inside that have the ability to change what he want , to remake the matrix as he see fit . it be this man that freed the first of we and teach we the secret of the war ; control the matrix and you control the future . he pause . morpheus when he die , the Oracle at the temple of Zion prophesied he return and envision a end to the war and freedom for we people . that be why there be that of we that have spend we entire life search the matrix , look for he . Neo can feel he eye on he . morpheus I do what I do , because I believe we have be bring here for a reason , Neo . you be here to serve a purpose , just as I be here to serve mine . neo I tell you I do not believe in fate . morpheus smile , lean towards hin . morpheus but I do , Neo . I do . he stand up . morpheus get some rest . you be go to need it . neo for what ? morpheus you training . int . hovercraft there be no morning ; there be only darkness and then the fluorescent light stick flicker on . int . neo's room Neo be awake in he bed , stare up at the light . the door open and ta. NK step inside . tank Morning . do you sleep ? neo no. tank you will tonight . I guarantee it . I be tank . I will be you operator . he offer he hand and Neo shake it . he notice that tank do not have any jack . neo you do not have ... tank any hole ? nope . I and my brother dozer , we be 100 percent pure , old fashioned , home - grow human . bear free . right here in the real world . genuine child of Zion . neo Zion ? tank Zion be the place , man . you will see it one day . last human city . all we get leave . tank smile . tank goddamn , I get to tell you I be fairly excited to see what you be capable of . I mean if morpheus be right and all . we be not suppose to talk . about any of that , but if you be , well then this be a exciting time . we get a lot to do so let 's get to it . int . MAIN deck Neo be plugge in , hang in one of the suspension chair . tank we be suppose to load all this operation program first , but this be some major boring shit . why do not we start something a little fun ? tank smile as he plop into he operator 's chair . he begin flipping through a tall carousel load with micro disc . tank how about sore combat training ? Neo read the label on the disk . neo jiujitsu ? I be go to learn jujitsu ? tank slide the disk into Neo 's supplement drive . neo no way . smiling , tank punch the " load " code . his body jump against the harness as he eye clamp shut . the monitor kick wildly as he heart pound , adrenaline surge , and he brain sizzle . a instant later he eye snap open . neo Holy shit ! tank hey , mikey , he like it ! ready for more ? neo Hell yes ! int . MAIN deck - close on computer monitor - later as grey pixel slowly fill a small , half - empty box . it be a meter display how much download time be leave . the title bar read : " combat Series 10 of 12 , " file category flash beneath it : savate , jujitsu , Ken po , drunken box ... morpheus walk in . morpheus how be he ? tank look at he watch , rub he eye . tank ten hour straight . he 's a machine . Neo 's body spasm and relax as he eye open , breath hiss from he lip . he look like he just orgasm . he lock at morpheus . neo this be incredible . I know kung fu. morpheus sit in the drive chair next to hin . he nod to tank . morpheus show I . int . dojo they be stand in a very sparse japanese - style dojo . morpheus this be a sparring program , similar to the program reality of the matrix . consider this you first lesson . he assume a fight stance . morpheus attack I . Neo assume a similar stance , cautiously circle until he give a short cry and launch a furious attack . it be like a Jackie Chan movie at high speed , fist and foot strike from every angle as Neo press he attack -- but each and every blow be block by effortless speed . int . MAIN deck while they mind battle in the program reality , the two body appear quite serene , suspend in the drive chair . tank monitor they life system notice that Neo be wildly and chaotically light up as oppose to the slow and steady rhythm of morpheus . int . mess hall dinner be up . everyone be eat bowl of single - cell protein . it have a cottage cheese consistency . mouse burst in the room . mouse morpheus be fight Neo ! all at once they bolt for the door . int . dojo Neo 's face be knotted , tooth clench , as he hurl himself at morpheus . morpheus good. adaption . improvisation . but you weakness be not you technique . morpheus attack he and it be like nothing we have see . his foot and fist be everywhere take Neo apart . for every blow Neo block , five more hit they mark until -- Neo fall . pant , on he hand and knee , blood spit fror , he mouth speckling the white floor of the dojo . morpheus how do I beat you ? neo you -- you be too fast . morpheus do you think my be faster , stronger have anything to do with my muscle in this place ? Neo be frustrated , still unable to catch he breath . morpheus do you believe that 's air you be breathe now ? Neo squint at he . morpheus if you can free you mind , the body will follow . Neo stand , nodd . morpheus again . they fist fly with pneumatic speed . int . MAIN deck everyone be gather behind tank , watch the fight , like watch a game of mortal combat . cable jeezus keerist ! that boy be fast ! mouse you ever see anyone that fast that soon , tank ? tank never . apoc morpheus be right . he 's get to be the one . int . dojo the speed of the blow rise like a drum solo that seem impossible to sustain . Neo 's face shed its mask of calm with a scream . he want to beat morpheus bad . finally a single blow catch morpheus on the side of the head , knock he glass off . int . MAIN deck there be several gasp . mouse I do not believe it ! int . dojo morpheus rub he face . morpheus you be angry with I . Neo pants . neo I , uh ... maybe . morpheus it 's all right . it 's natural . neo I feel better . morpheus good , good . anger be a gift , Neo , but it 's a heavy one . morpheus smile . morpheus tank , load the jump program . Neo straighten as the dojo dissolves away like a curtain lift , leave the two man now stand on a building rooftop in a city skyline . morpheus you have to learn to let go of that anger . you must let go of everything . a wind howl , whipping morpheus ' long coat to the side . morpheus you must empty yourself to free you mind . morpheus spin , run hard at the edge of the rooftop . and jump . he sail through the air , he coat billow out behind he like a cape -- somersault once and land on the rooftop across the street . neo shit . Neo look down at the street twenty floor below , then at morpheus a impossible fifty foot away . neo okie dokie . he take a deep breath . neo yeah . free my mind . right . no problem . he concentrate . run . int . MAIN deck they be transfix . cable he 's gonna make it . apoc no way . not possible . mouse no one 's ever make they first jump . switch what if he do ? apoc he will not . tank it 's never be do . trinity stare at the screen , she fist clenching as she whisper . trinity come on . ext . rooftop summon every ounce of strength in he leg , Neo launch himself into the air in a single maniacal shriek -- but come up drastically short . his eye widen as he plummet . story fly by , the ground rush up at he , but as he hit -- the ground give way , stretchinp like a trapeze net . he bounce and flip , slowly come to a rest , flat on he back . he laugh , a bit unsure , wiping the wind - blow tear from he face . morpheus exit the building and help he to he foot . morpheus everyone fall the first time . Neo nod quietly . morpheus if you never know failure , how can you know success ? int . MAIN deck they break up . mouse what do it mean ? cable it do not mean anything . cypher everyone fall , right , trinity ? but trinity have leave . Neo 's eye open as tank ease the plug out . he try to move and groan , cradling he rib . while tank help morpheus , Neo spit blood into he hand . neo I think it be not real . Neo stare at the blood . neo if you be kill in the matrix , you die here ? morpheus the body can not live without the mind . int . neo's room trinity enter from the hall , carry a try of food . trinity Neo , I save you some dinner -- she see he pass out on the bed . she set the tray down and pull the blanket over he . she pause , she face close to he , then inhale lightly , breathe in the scent of he , before slowly pull away . it seem the moment she close the door , he wake with a start , unsure of where he be . after a moment , he get out of bed . int . hall the ship be quiet and dark . everyone be asleep . int . MAIN deck the core glow with monitor light . cypher be in the operator 's chair as Neo cone up behind he . cypher whoa ! shit , Neo , you scared the bejeezus out of not . neo sorry . cypher no , it 's all right . neo what be you do ? cypher Midnight watch . Neo 's eye light up as he step closer to the screen that seem alive with a constant flow of data . neo be that ... ? cypher the matrix ? yeah . the monitor be pack with bizarre code and equation . cypher you want a drink ? he pour Neo a drink from a large plastic jug . cypher I will tell you , I feel for you , man . I really do . most of we be still young , just punk , when morpheus jack we . but you , you have a real life . Neo take a sip and it almost kill he . cypher pound on he back . cypher good shit , huh ? dozer make it . it 's good for two thing : degrease engine and kill brain cell . red-faced , Neo finally stop cough . cypher do he tell you why he do it ? Neo nod . cypher , I will be the do not tell you that this be not the first time he think he find the one . Neo shake he head as cypher fill he cup and laugh . cypher let I give you a piece of advice . between you and I , if morpheus say you can fly , I would not go jump out any window to find out if he 's right . understand ? cypher raise he drink . Neo swallow another throat - scorching mouthful . cypher welcome to the real world ! int . restaurant ( matrix ) - night chamber music and the ambiance of wealth soak the room as we watch a serrate knife see through a thick , gorgeous steak . cypher that 's what he say to I nine year ago . the meat be so perfect , char on the outside , ooze red juice from the inside , that it could be a dream . cypher the real world . ha , what a joke . we recognize the grate voice , the insidious laugh . cypher you know what real be ? I will tell you what real be . a fork stab the cube of meat and we follow it up to the face of cypher . cypher Real be just another four-letter word . he laugh , shove the steak into he mouth . the restaurant be locate on the top floor of a Chicago skyscraper where the view be breathtaking and the menu have no price . sitting across from cypher be agent Smith . agent smith do we have a deal , Mr. Reagan ? cypher chew the steak loudly , smack it between he tooth . cypher mmm , so , so fuck good . Smith watch he shovel another hunk of meat into he mouth . cypher you know , I know that this steak do not exist . I know when I put it in my mouth , the matrix be tell my brain that it be juicy and delicious . after nine year , do you know what I have realize ? pause , he examine the meat skewer on he fork . he pop it in , eye roll up , savore the tender beef melting in he mouth . cypher ignorance be bliss . agent smith then we have a deal ? cypher I do not want to remember nothing . nothing ! you understand ? and I want to be rich . someone important . like a actor . you can do that , right ? agent smith whatever you want , Mr. Reagan . cypher take a deep drink of wine . cypher all right . you get my body back in a power plant , reinsert I into the matrix and I will get you what you want . agent smith access code to Zion . cypher I tell you , I do not know they . but I can give you the man who do . agent smith morpheus . int . MAIN deck sweat dapple he lip as Neo snap out of the construct coma . neo jeez , I be wonder about that . tank what ? neo why I be bald here but not in the matrix . tank r.s.i . neo residual self image . tank good . now what 's this ? he point to one of Neo 's monitor . neo life system monitor , glucose level . tank what 's that ? neo Main power supply to the core . he follow tank to the operator 's station where he point to a red key-switch . tank how about this ? neo mainframe self -destruct . use all remain power to generate a ... e.m.p ? tank electromagnetic pulse . we best weapon against the machine . the problem be if someone be still in the matrix when that thing go off , they be not come back . Neo nod as morpheus come up behind they . morpheus how 's he do ? tank we just finish the operation program and he 's show great retention . morpheus good . I want everyone alert to 12 - hour stand - by . we be go in . Neo , it 's time for you to know why you be here . morpheus walk away . neo what 's he talk about ? tank he 's take you into the matrix to see she . neo see who ? tank the Oracle . Neo look down at the monitor teeming with matrix data that seem to coalesce , equation give way to image as a metal scream rise become -- ext . chicago ( matrix ) - day a El train . int . HOTEL lafayette ( matrix ) - day the room be empty , heavy curtain cover window . it look as if it have not be touch in year . in the bedroom with the crack oval mirror a old black phone begin to ring . in the mirror , we first glimpse they and as we keep turning , the room fill with equipment and the team . morpheus answer the phone . morpheus we be in . he hang up . morpheus mouse and cable hold the exit . let 's go . int . stairwell ( matrix ) - day Neo follow the other down the stairwell that wind around a antique elevator shaft . neo do you have to do this ? trinity yeah . neo what do she tell you ? trinity lot of thing . neo any of they true ? trinity look at he , then look away . trinity some of they . gizmo be they good or bad ? trinity there 's no point in worrylng . whatever be go to happen be go to happen . they cross the old lobby . switch and apoc stop at the door . morpheus we should be back in a hour . ext . HOTEL lafayette ( matrix ) - day Neo squint into the sun that seem unnaturally bright . he be the only one without sunglass . morpheus do you now understand what it mean when we say , if you be not one of we , you be one of they ? neo the agent . they be sentient program . they can commandeer any software hardwire to the mainframe . morpheus anyone that be still in a power plant . that be why we try to be invisible in the matrix . neo the best hack be always traceless . cypher and trinity move away from they , secure the perimeter . as cypher pass a garbage can , he surreptitiously drop something inside . it be a cellular phone and we watch the blue display as the line connect . a early 1970 , black lincoln Continental emerge from a corrugate roll - up garage . morpheus and Neo get in . int . lincoln continental ( matrix ) - day a enormous man be wait for they . a wad of chew tobacco bulge he cheek . he spit into a Coke can . mojo morpheus , be a long time come . morpheus you be look well , mojo . mojo cough a brown , cankerous laugh , juice speckling he chin and shirt . he stare at Neo . mojo you bring we geriatrics now . morpheus ? he spit and laugh again . mojo guess you be lock for a miracle . ext . bar ( matrix ) - day the Continental pull up to a bar in the kind of neighborhood where every corner have a pair of eye . int . bar ( matrix ) - day a lightless , lower- class bar . no one enter that be not expect . the front door open in a brilliant burst of sunlight as mojo lead morpheus and Neo inside . Neo look around , he eye adjust to the darkness . mojo talk to the bartender , then look over . mojo all right , it 's cool . go on back . they weave they way to the back of the bar , the sticky floor snapping under they feet . a monolith of a man rise from he stool as they walk up . rex you be late . he move to the side , open the heavy iron door behind he . they descend the basement staircase toward the single bare bulb at the bottom , hang above the only door . int . basement ( matrix ) - day a high - tech laptop and modem be set up on a stack of milk crate . Neo wait as morpheus type in a series of access code . after a moment the screen blink , " welcome morpheus . " morpheus walk back to the same door they enter , but it now lead into -- int . temple of zion ( matrix ) - day the wall and floor be polished marble . Neo follow , he mouth agape . neo what -- what happen ? morpheus this be the temple . it be a part of Zion 's mainframe . it 's hide inside the matrix so that we can access it . two priestess be wait in the antechamber . priestess hello , morpheus . we have be expect you . morpheus okay , you be on you own . go with they . they take Neo by the arm , lead he down a hall into another room . priestess wait here . among the other potential . int . room of potential ( matrix ) - day Neo enter and finally understand the attention give to he age . the potential be all little child . the room feel at once like a Buddhist temple and a kindergarten class . the child 's head be either shave or thick with dreadlock . some be play , other meditate or practice they gift . Neo watch a little girl levitate wooden alphabet block . a skinny boy hold a spoon which sway like a blade of grass as he bend it with he rnind . Neo cross to he , sit . the Boy smile as Neo pick up a spoon and try to imitate he . despite he best effort , Neo can not make it bend . spoon boy you spoon do not bend because it be just that , a spoon . mine bend because there be no spoon , just my mind . Neo watch as it curl into a knot . spoon boy link yourself to the spoon . become the spoon and bend yourself . Neo nod , again hold up he spoon . neo there be no spoon . right . he concentrate . the spoon begin to bend just as the priestess touch he shoulder . priestess the Oracle will see you now . spoon Boy smile . int . shrine ( matrix ) - day Neo enter nervously . beneath he foot be a path of the zodiac lead to marble stair that rise to a dais and a three - legge throne . the throne be empty . neo hello ? a distant female voice call to he and he follow it up the stair . at the top of the dais , he smell something cooking . follow the scent , he move behind the pillar where he find a open door . voice ( o.s. ) just come on in . he walk through a vestibule where he see a fabulous moonstone headdress and velvet robe . a second door lead into -- int . oracle's chamber ( matrix ) - day it look like a suburban tract house . there be a lot of cozy furniture , a dining roon hutch fill with china , shelf and table crowded with doily , knick - knack and ceramic brick - a- brack . Neo follow the plastic carpet runner to the kitchen . a woman be huddle beside the oven , peer inside through the crack door . neo hello ? ORACLE ( woman ) I know . you be Neo . be right with you . neo you be the Oracle ? ORACLE bingo . I get to say I love see you non-believer . it 's really a relief . all that pomp and circumstance just plain tucker I out . almost do . smell good , do not they ? neo yeah . ORACLE I would ask you to sit down , but you be not go to anyway . and do not worry about the vase . neo what vase ? he turn to look around and he elbow knock a vase from the table . it break against the linoleum floor . ORACLE the vase . neo shit , I be sorry . she pull out a tray of chocolate chip cookie and turn . she be a older woman , wear big oven mitt , comfortable slack and a print blouse . she look like someone 's grandma . ORACLE I say do not worry about it . I will get one of my kid to fix it . neo how do you know ...? she set the cookie tray on a wooden hot -pad . ORACLE what 's really go to bake you noodle later on be , would you still have break it if I have not say anything . smiling , she light a cigarette . ORACLE you be cuter than I think . I see why she like you . neo who ? ORACLE not too bright , though . she wink . ORACLE you know why morpheus bring you to see I ? neo I think so . ORACLE so ? what do you think ? you think you be the one ? neo I do not know . she gesture to a wooden plaque , the kind every grandma have , except that the word be in Latin . ORACLE you know what that mean ? it 's Latin . means , ' know thyself . ' she put she cigarette down . ORACLE well , let 's have a look at you . she widen he eye , check he ear , then feel the gland in he neck . ORACLE open you mouth . say , ' ahhh . ' she nod then look at he palm . ORACLE hmmm . you sure get the gift , but it 's tricky . I would say the bad news be , you be not the one . still get a lot to learn . maybe next life . neo what 's the good news ? ORACLE same as the bad news , you be not the one . neo be that it , then ? ORACLE no. here . she pick up the tray of cool cookie . ORACLE you better take a cookie . get a big day ahead of you . he eye she , then take a cookie . ORACLE make a believer out of you yet . int . antechamber ( matrix ) - day morpheus rise from a bench as the priestess escort Neo out . when they be alone , morpheus put he hand on Neo 's shoulder . morpheus you do not have to tell I anything , Neo , because I already know what she say . neo you do ? morpheus I bring you so that you could hear it for yourself . I know it would help . Neo finish he cookie . morpheus no one will ever ask you because it be a gift from she . it be for you and you alone . ext . CITY STREET ( matrix ) - day Storm cloud shroud the street as the sky turn jaundice . cypher nervously glance down the surround street . he notice several unmark white van . he mop the sweat from he forehead , when trinity see the black lincoln . trinity here they come . int . MAIN deck in the hovercraft , we see the sweat roll down cypher 's face and neck . tank be type rapidly at the keyboard . tank weird . this area never have this much activity . ext . HOTEL lafayette ( matrix ) - day apoc open the side door and they enter the hotel . int . room 1313 ( matrix ) - day mouse 's cellular ring . mouse welcome to Movie -phone . tank ( v.o. ) they be on they way . mouse right . the phone flip shut as he jump up . mouse let 's get to work . int . HOTEL lafayette ( matrix ) - day Light filter down the throat of the building through a cage skylight at the top of the open elevator shaft . four figure glide up the dark stair that wind around the antique elevator . Neo notice a black cat , a yellow - green - eye shadow that slink past they and pad quickly down the stair . a moment later , Neo see another black cat that look and move identically to the first one . neo whoa . deja vu . that word stop the other dead in they track . int . MAIN deck the monitor suddenly glitch as though the matrix have a electronic seizure . tank oh , shit ! oh , shit ! int . HOTEL lafayette ( matrix ) - day trinity turn around , she face tight . trinity what do you just say ? neo nothing . just have a little deja vu . trinity what happen ? what do you see ? neo a black cat go past we and then I see another that look just like it . trinity how much like it ? be it the same cat ? neo it might have be . I be not sure . trinity look at morpheus , who listen quietly to the rasp breath of the old building . neo what be it ? trinity a deja vu be usually a glitch in the matrix . it happen when they change something . she also listen as the staccato beat of helicopter blade grow ominously louder . int . MAIN deck tank see what be change . tank it 's a trap ! int . staircase ( matrix ) - day morpheus look up the stair as a helicopter shadow pass over the cloud glass . morpheus come on ! int . room 1313 ( matrix ) - day cable go to the drape window . cable do you just feel something weird ? mouse yeah ... the cellular ring . int . basement ( matrix ) - day heavy bolt - cutter snap through the main phone cable . int . room 1313 ( matrix ) - day mouse answer the phone . mouse what 's go on ? tank ( v.o. ) they cut the hard - line ! it 's a trap ! get out ! cable yank open the curtain . cable oh , no . the window be brick up . int . hall ( matrix ) - day the door to the roof explode open as heavily - armed rnon rush towards room 1313 . int . MAIN deck tank watch helplessly . tank no , no , no . int . room 1313 ( matrix ) - day the door slam open and the police force pour in , dozen of assault rifle surround mouse and cable who be armed with only handgun . cable morpheus ! it 's a trap -- int . stair ( matrix ) - day morpheus stop as the scream be drown by the report of machine gun fill the building with a terrible fury . trinity oh , God . int . MAIN deck mouse 's body thrashes against its harness as -- int . room 1313 ( matrix ) - day bullet pound he against the blood -splatter brick window . gun smoke thicken the room , cable blast and move until -- the hammer click empty . he scream as a dozen gun OPEN FIRE , rip he apart . int . MAIN deck blood spit from cable 's mouth , he body spasming , then lie perfectly still . the flat - line alarm softly cry out from the life monitor of the two dead man . ext . HOTEL lafayette ( matrix ) - day more police car arrive as cop break open the lobby door . int . stairwell ( matrix ) - day Flying downstairs , morpheus stop , hearing the police swarm below . he turn and rush down the hall of the eighth floor . at the end of it , he find the brick - up window . cypher that 's what they change . we be trap . there 's no way out . the sound of heavy boot - step close around they with the mechanical sureness of a vice . morpheus give I you phone . trinity they will be able to track it . morpheus we have no choice . int . MAIN deck tank answer the call . morpheus ( v.o. ) tank , find a structural draw of this building and find it fast . his finger pound the keyboard . int . lafayette ( matrix ) - day flashlight probe the rotting darkness as the police search every floor . int . MAIN deck the diagram window onto the screen . tank get it . morpheus ( v.o. ) I need the main wet-wall . int . hall ( matrix ) - day agent Smith pause , he hand go to he earpiece . int . room 808 ( matrix ) - day morpheus be guide by tank . tank ( v.o. ) now leave and that 's it in front of you . morpheus good . he cut off the phone . int . hall ( matrix ) - day agent Smith hear the line click dead . agent smith eighth floor . they be on the eighth floor . int . hall ( matrix ) - day agent Brown hear Smith on he earphone . agent browtj eighth floor ! move ! int . stairwell ( matrix ) - day cop flood the eighth floor , rush everywhere . int . room 808 ( matrix ) - day several cop sweep through the room . it be empty . as they pass the bathroom , we see a man-size hole smashed through the plaster and lathe . int . wall ( matrix ) - day they be inside the main plumbing wall , slowly worm they way down the greasy , black stack pipe . above they , light fill the hole they make to get inside . int . hall ( matrix ) - day Brown turn to Smith . agent brown where be they ? int . room 608 ( matrix ) - day the cop search in silence , strain for a clue , when one hear something strange near the bathroom . int . wall ( matrix ) - day cypher have slip and be wedge between the wall and several thick supply pipe . int . room 608 ( matrix ) - day the cop lean in , he ear almost against the thin membrane of plaster separate they . he can hear whisper , hiss and a grunt when -- the wall suddenly bulge , shatter -cracking as the cop realize -- cop they be in the wall ! int . wall ( matrix ) - day Neo pull cypher free just as the cop open FIRE -- bullet punching shaft of light like sword into the box of soot - black space . int . room 608 ( matrix ) - day the cop keep firing , he flashlight strapped to he gun barrel , lighting up the wall until -- a bullet spit out he forehead . agent Smith watch the body fall with a thud . agent smith be order that hard to follow ? I will say it again . morpheus must be take alive . understand ? int . wall ( matrix ) - day they be almost fall , they be climb so fast . above they , plaster be smashed open as crunbling bit shower down on they , fill the crawlway with dust . int . room 608 ( matrix ) - day agent Smith look into the open wall , at the expose intestine of the building , and realize where they be go . agent smith how like a rodent . int . wall ( matrix ) - day just below , a rifle - butt smashes open the wall , light rake across the lathe . cop I get he ! I get he ! trinity find she gun first . bullet -hole pop out the wall as she strafe the room , send cop diving for cover . they continue , trinity expose for a roment , when a creep cop smashes a fist through and grab a fistful of she hair . he start to yank she out when Neo kick , he boot burst through plaster and splintering lathe , knock the cop out . they then quickly sink out of sight . int . basement ( matrix ) - day this part of the basement , a dark concrete cavern , be the main mechanical room . there be four enormous boiler , dinosaur - like technology that once pump hot water like artery . Black and bloody , they squeeze out from the ceiling into the tangle web of pipe . they enemy be wait for they . blind light cut open the darkness as gas-mask figure FIRE grenade launchers . smoke blossom from the green-metal canister . morpheus never stop move . search the floor , he find what . he need ; the cover of the catch basin . cypher watch he pry open the grate , when a gas can bounce near he . morpheus come on ! cypher seem to trip as the cloud envelop he . int . MAIN deck cypher 's body begin to shiver uncontrollably . tank nerve gas . int . basement ( matrix ) - day morpheus watch cypher disappear into the smoke then follow the other down the wet-black hole . int . catch basin ( matrix ) - day they crawl through greasy black water in a three foot diameter pipe that feed into the sewer main . int . basement ( matrix ) - day gas-mask apparition find the open hole . ext . HOTEL lafayette ( matrix ) - day cypher be carry out , hand - cuffed , he body still shaking , mucus bubbling out he nose . as he be lead past agent Smith , it almost seem that both man smile . agent smith we have they now . int . sewer MAIN ( matrix ) - day Neo punch out the screen and then spill down into the main water trough . oily water form around they as they wade across the man - make underground river , towards the service catwalk . Neo be about to pull himself out when he see they come . flashlight and laser site sweep at they as cop in helmet and heavy armor , look more nachine than human , fill both end of the tunnel . there be a single manhole cover above they . morpheus whisper to trinity . morpheus you have to get Neo out . understand ? that 's all that matter now . trinity morpheus , do not -- morpheus he must get out . do you understand I ? she nod . a font of water erupt as morpheus leap for the manhole ladder , he coat fly open like the wing of a manta ray . cop there he be ! that 's he ! pool of light wash over he as he haul himself to the surface . cop he 's head for the street ! trinity urge the other to follow she . grabbing Neo , they wade quietly away from the chaos . ext . STREET ( matrix ) - day morpheus shoot out of the sewer but the police be wait for he . the close cop be armed with a tranquilize gun . he fire -- but morpheus ' be too fast , use the manhole cover as a shield , block the dart , then -- frisbee -ing it into the cop 's armored chest , knock he off he foot . the cop lunge at he but every part of he body be a deadly weapon move with impossible speed . it seem he might fight he way out when he throw a spin back fist that be catch by -- agent Smith . agent smith so , we meet at last . morpheus and you be ? agent smith Smith . I be agent Smith . morpheus you all look the same to I . agent smith I have be wait for this noment . faster than a snake spit , morpheus crack Smith with a jaw - break right . morpheus oh , so have I . agent Smith smile . int . sewer MAIN ( matrix ) - day trinity lead the other , fade into the darkness of the tunnel , light only with shaft of light stream through the street drain as we rise toward they -- through a grate into the fight . ext . STREET ( matrix ) - day Smith and morpheus exchange a furious serious of blow that be witness but not believe by the surround police . agent Smith deliver a punish kick that stagger morpheus . agent smith you can not win . morpheus smile . morpheus I already have . he stand up and drop he fist ; a steely resolve in he eye . agent smith take he . cop swarm over morpheus . int . MAIN deck tank reach out to the screen as if reach for morpheus . tank no ! ext . HOTEL lafayette ( matrix ) - day cuff ed and beat , morpheus be throw into a cage transport vehicle . the door clang shut . agent Jones find agent Smith . agent jone the other be lose . agent smith you have take care of Reagan ? agent Jones nod . agent smith then the other do not matter . ext . STREET ( matrix ) - day a manhole cover crack open . two eye peek out just as a truck rattle over it . the thunder doppler away and the cover open . Neo , trinity , switch and apoc climb out . trinity pull a water - logge phone from she pocket . trinity we need a phone . int . MAIN deck tank be again at the monitor , search the matrix . tank we gotta find the other . they be still alive . the phone ring . tank Operator . cypher ( v.o. ) I need a exit ! fast ! tank cypher ? I think they have you ? ext . STREET ( matrix ) - day cypher be stand at a public phone . across the street be the burn paddy wagon that appear to have collide witli a oncoming car . cypher there be a accident . a fuck car accident . all of a sudden . boom . they be all dead . I still get the shake but , Jesus , someone 's go to make a believer out of I . int . MAIN deck dozer spot the wreck . dozer there he be . tank I get you . cypher ( v.o. ) just get I outta here . ext . STREET ( matrix ) - day tank ( v.o. ) nearest exit be Franklin and Erie . a old appliance store . cypher hang up and smile as the fire truck arrive . cypher a actor . definitely . int . MAIN deck the phone ring . tank answer . tank Operator . trinity ( v.o. ) tank , it 's I . ext . STREET ( matrix ) - day they be outside a pawn shop . trinity have a new cellular . trinity we need a exit ! tank ( v.o. ) gotcha . you be not far from cypher . trinity cypher , I think -- tank ( v.o. ) so do we . that boy 's get nine life . I send he to Franklin and Erie . trinity get it . she hang up . ext . STREET ( matrix ) - day running , cypher turn onto Erie . int . appliance store ( matrix ) - day Dead machine , eviscerate and shroud with dust lay on metal shelf like body in a morgue . plywood cover a small window be rip off and cypher crawl inside . deep in the back room , a phone that have not rung in year begin to ring . int . MAIN deck tank punch the emit command . tank get he . cypher 's body twitches in its harness , jerk itself awake . his eye blink open . dozer unplug he . dozer system check look fine . cypher stand , a raspy cough spew from he lung . ext . STREET ( matrix ) - day trinity see the appliance shop . int . MAIN deck cypher hold he chest . dozer you okay ? cypher goddamn gas . my lung be kill I . he cross to a overhead bin . cypher we get any pain killer ? dozer the first aid kit 's over here . as dozer stoops for a cabinet , cypher pull back a heavy blanket expose a plasma rifle . int . appliance store ( matrix ) - day Neo crawl through the window that cypher open . int . MAIN deck tank finish load the exit program as cypher rise behind he , swinging the weapon at he back . he look over as dozer turn with the first aid kit , a look of freeze disbelief crossing he face -- dozer no ! tank spin as red hot wad of plasma explode through he chair and into he back . dive , a second burst tear up he side -- as dozer shoot a look at the monitor where tank be work . he stab the enter command activate the exit sequence and duck under a barrage of plasma FIRE - int . appliance store ( matrix ) - day the phone begin to ring as the other crawl in . switch God , I love that sound . int . MAIN deck dozer roll up , grab a heavy crowbar from a box of tool . cypher circle the drive chair as the sight of the plasma rifle find dozer 's face . dozer charge , scream , and the plasma rifle scream back . int . appliance store ( matrix ) - day the phone be still ringing . trinity you first , . Neo . Neo answer the phone when there be a click . there be no signal . nothing but silence . trinity what happen ? neo I do not know . it just go dead . trinity listen to the dead line and take out the cellular . int . MAIN deck the operator phone begin to ring - cypher step over the body of tank and look at the monitor . int . appliance store ( matrix ) - day trinity can almost feel he watch they . every unanswer ring wring she gut a little tighter , until -- cypher ( v.o. ) hello , trinity . trinity cypher ? where 's tank ? cypher ( v.o. ) he have a accident . trinity a accident ? what about dozer ? be dozer there ? int . MAIN deck he walk over to trinity 's body , stare down at it hang in its coma-like stillness . cypher you know , for a long time , I think I be in love with you , trinity . I use to dream about you ... he nuzzle he face against hers , feel the softness of it . cypher you be a beautiful woman . too bad thing have to work out like this . we intercut between the appliance store and the main deck . trinity you kill they . apoc what ?! switch oh God . wearing tank 's operator headgear , cypher move among the silent body . cypher in a way you be very lucky . most people never know why they die . one minute they be alive , the next they be dead . no warning . nothing . that 's why I think maybe I should tell you . it seem the least I could do . he stand over the body of morpheus , as he anger boil up out of he . cypher you see , the truth , the real , truth be that the war be over . it 's be over for a long time . and guess what ? we lose ! do you hear that ? we lose the war ! trinity what about Zion ? cypher Zion ? Zion be a part of this delusion . more of this madness . that 's why this have to be do . it have to end . now and forever . she suddenly see the entire dark plan . trinity oh rny God . this be abzut Zion . you give they morpheus for the access code to Zion . cypher walk away from morpheus and bend down next to apoc 's body . cypher you see , trinity , we human have a place in the future . but it 's not here . it 's in the matrix . trinity the matrix be not real ! cypher oh , I disagree , trinity . I disagree . I think the matrix be more real than this world . I mean , all I do be pull a plug here . but there , you watch a man die . he grab hold of the cable in apoc 's neck , twist it and yank it out . cypher you tell I which be more real . apoc seem to go blind for a instant , a scream catch in he throat , he hand reach for nothing , and then fall dead . switch scream . cypher welcome to the real world , right ? he laugh . trinity somehow , some way , you be go to pay for this . cypher pay for it ? I be not even go to remember it . it will be like it never happen . the tree fall in the forest . it do not make a sound . his hand slide around the neck of switch as he take hold of she plug . she suddenly feel she body severe from she mind as she be murder . trinity goddamn you , cypher ! cypher do not hate I , trinity . I be just the messenger . and right now I be go to prove that the message be true . he stand over Neo . cypher if morpheus be right , then there 's no way I can pull this plug , be there ? she turn to Neo , eye wide with fear , and he know he be next . cypher if he be the one , then in the next few second there have to be some kind of miracle to stop I . because if he die like the other that mean morpheus be wrong . how can he be the one if he 's dead ? he take hold of the cord when -- she hear a explosion and a scream . cypher be on the ground , he leave leg blow off at the knee . he roll over and find tank on the ground , and the sight of the plasma rifle . tank how 's it feel , cypher ? know you be about to die ? neo it 's tank ! he 's alive . cypher lunge for Neo 's plug just as tank blows he head off . int . appliance store ( matrix ) - day they be both listen , try to figure out what be happen when the store phone start to ring . trinity smile , tear moisten she eye as Neo throw he arm around she . for a moment , it look as if they might kiss before trinity let go . trinity we should , we should hurry . neo yeah . right . int . MAIN deck trinity 's eye open , a sense of relief surging through she at the sight of the ship . as tank unplug she , she see he char wound . trinity tank , you be hurt . tank I will be all right . trinity dozer ? tank 's face tighten . trinity I be sorry , tank . ext . niko HOTEL ( matrix ) - day a japanese luxury hotel in downtown Chicago . a military helicopter set down on the roof . heavily armed Marines begin to deploy . agent Jones get out of the helicopter , flanke by column of Marines . they open the roof access door and enter the top-floor maintenance level of the hotel . int . top floor ( matrix ) - day they get in the elevator . at every door , at least two Marines stop and post guard . int . hall ( matrix ) - day they exit the elevator and walk to the presidential suite ; the final two Marines post guard . int . presidential suite ( matrix ) - day Inside , he find agent Smith . agent jone there be a problem . Reagan have fail to secure the hardware . agent Smith stare out the window . agent smith never send a human to do a machine 's job . agent jone but if Reagan have fail , why have not they pull the plug ? agent smith have not you learn by now , that it be impossible to understand why they do the thing they do ? he turn . agent smith continue as plan . trace he signal to locate they position and deploy a extermination unit . morpheus be handcuff to a chair , stripped to the waist . he be bleed from numerous wound and be pump full of serum , alternately shiver and sweat . he be hook up to various monitor with white disk electrode . agent Brown begin run a trace program . int . MAIN deck Neo look at morpheus whose body be cover with a cold sweat . neo what be they do to he ? tank they be crack he mind . neo how ? tank they inject virus-like serum to break down the system . it 's like crack a computer . all it take be time . neo how much time ? tank depend on the mind . but eventually , it will crack and he alpha pattern will change from this to this . tank punch several command on morpheus ' personal unit . the monitor wave change from a chaotic pattern to a orderly symmetrical one . tank when it do , morpheus will tell they anything they want to know . neo the access code to Zion . tank if a agent get inside Zion 's mainframe he could do anything . disable the defense system . it would be the end of we . he look up at trinity who be pace relentlessly . tank we can not let that happen . we have to do it , trinity . Zion have to be protect . trinity see cypher 's dead body . rage overtake she and she start kick hin . trinity goddamnit ! goddamnit ! tank we have to pull the plug . trinity no ! tank we do not have any other choice . that word be like use gasoline to put out a fire and we watch the pain in she eye burn into a blaze . she walk past he and get into she chair . tank trinity , what be you do ? trinity I be go in after he . tank morpheus could conform at any minute -- trinity if he do I be sure you will do what have to be do . tank you see that place . it 's suicide . she glare at he . tank I know what morpheus mean to you -- trinity no . no , I do not think you do . if you do , then you would know that I be not let he go . not without a fight , tank . she yank she harness tight . trinity not without a fight . int . presidential suite ( matrix ) - day agent Smith stand in the bedroon of the enormous suite , stare out the window at the city , below , shimmer with brilliant sunlight . agent smith have you ever stand and stare at it , morpheus ? marvel at its beauty . its genius . billion of people just live out they life ... oblivious . agent Brown suck a serum from a glass vial , fill a hypodermic needle . agent smith do you know that the first matrix be design to be a perfect human world ? where none suffer , where everyone would be happy . it be a disaster . no one would accept the program . entire crop be lose . agent Brown jam the needle into morpheus ' shoulder , and plunge down . agent smith some believe we lack the programming language to describe you perfect world . but I believe that , as a species , human being define they reality through suffer and misery . agent Brown study the screen as the life sign react violently to the injection . agent smith the perfect world be a dream that you primitive cerebrum keep try to wake up from . which be why the matrix be re-design to this : the peak of you civilization . he turn from the window . agent smith I say ' you civilization ' because as soon as we start think for you , it really become we civilization , which be , of course , what this be all about . he sit down directly in front of morpheus . agent smith evolution , morpheus . evolution . he lift morpheus ' head . agent smith like the dinosaur . look out that window . you have you time . morpheus stare hard at he , try hard not to show the pain rack he mind . agent smith the future be we world , morpheus . the future be we time . int . MAIN deck Neo go to he chair and begin strapping in . trinity what do you think you be do ? neo you need help . I be come with you . trinity no . no way . morpheus sacrifice himself so you could escape . there 's no way you be go back in . neo morpheus do what he do because he believe that I be something that I be not . trinity what ? neo I be not the one , trinity . the Oracle tell I . trinity be stunne . neo she say I have a gift but I still have a lot to learn . she tell I maybe next life . trinity do you tell morpheus ? neo why ? it would not mean anything . he would still believe what he want to believe . but morpheus be the one that matter . he 's more important than I and we both know it . he strap in . neo I may not be what morpheus think I be , but if I do not try to help he , then I be not even what I think I be . trinity what be you ? neo his friend . int . presidential suite ( matrix ) - day agent Smith sit casually across from morpheus who be hunch over , he body leak and twitching . agent smith I would like to share a revelation that I have have during my time here . it come to I when I try to classify you species . I have realize that you be not actually mammal . the life sign continue they chaotic pattern . agent smith every mammal on this planet instinctively develop a natural equilibrium with the surround environment . but you human do not . you move to a area and you multiply and multiply until every natural resource be consume and the only way you can survive be to spread to another area . he lean forward . agent smith there be another organism on this planet that follow the same pattern . do you know what it be ? a virus . he smile . agent smith human being be a disease , a cancer of this planet . you be a plague . and we be ... the cure . int . MAIN deck trinity and Neo hang motionless in the suspension unit . tank be at the operation station . tank okay . store 's open . what do you need ? trinity ( v.o. ) gun . lot of gun . tank come right up . he load the weapon disk . int . construct rack of weapon appear and Neo and trinity arm themselves . trinity no one have ever do anything like this . neo yeah ? he snap cock a uzi. neo that 's why it 's go to work . int . presidential suite ( matrix ) - day agent Smith be again at the window . agent smith why be not the serum work ? agent brown perhaps we be ask the wrong question . agent jone or he do not know . agent smith of course he know . he 's resisting . agent brown how ? agent smith I do not know . if I know ... agent Smith hide he knotting fist . he be become angry . it be something that be not suppose to happen to agent . agent smith leave I with he . agent Brown and Jones look at each other . agent smith now ! int . MAIN deck tank sit down beside morpheus whose face be ashen like someone near death . he take hold of he hand . tank hold on , morpheus . they be come for you . they be come . ext . niko HOTEL ( matrix ) - day a dark wind blow . int . niko HOTEL ( matrix ) - day in long , black coat , trinity and Neo push through the revolve door . Neo be carry a duffel bag . trinity have a large metal suitcase . they cut across the lobby draw nervous glance . Dark glass , game face . several plainclothes cop try to stop they . they be meet by the mute spit of a silenced gun and the razored whistle of throwing star . the cop slump down to the marble floor while Neo and trinity do not even break stride . int . presidential suite ( matrix ) - day agent Smith lean close to morpheus , whisper to he . agent smith can you hear I , morpheus ? I be go to be honest with you . he remove he earphone , let it dangle over he shoulder . agent smith I hate this place . this zoo . this prison . this reality , whatever you want to call it , I can not stand it any longer . it 's the smell , if there be such a thing . I feel saturate by it . I can taste you stink and every time I do , I fear that I have somehow be infect by it . he wipe sweat from morpheus ' forehead , coating the tip of he finger , hold they to morpheus ' nose . agent smith repulsive , be not it ? he lift morpheus ' head , hold it tightly with both hand . agent smith I must get out of here , I must get free . in this mind be tlie key . my key . morpheus sneer through he pain . agent smith once Zion be go , there 's no need for I to be here . do you understand ? I need the code . I have to get inside Zion . you have to tell I how . he begin squeezing , he finger gouging into he flesh . agent smith tell I ! tell I ! the skull be about to shatter when Agents Jones and Brown burst into the room . agent Smith release morpheus . agent brown what be you do ? agent Smith recover , replace he ear piece . agent jone you do not know . agent smith know what ? agent Smith listen to he earphone , not believe what he be hearing . int . elevator ( matrix ) - day they get in . trinity immediately drop and open the suitcase , wiring a plastique and napalm bomb . beneath they trench coat be a arsenal of weapon sling from climb harness . Neo hit the emergency stop . he pull down part of the false ceiling and find the elevator shaft access panel . int . presidential suite ( matrix ) - day agent Jones look at morpheus . agent jone I think they be try to save he . int . elevator shaft ( matrix ) - day Neo ratchet down a clamp onto the elevator cable . both of they lock on . he look up the long , dark throat of the building and take a deep breath . neo there be no spoon . Neo whip out he gun and press it to the cable , lower than where they attach themselves . boom ! the cable snap . the counter - weight plummet , yanking trinity and Neo up through the shaft as -- the elevator fall away beneath they , distend space , fill it with the sound of whistling metal as they soar to the top . int . lobby ( matrix ) - day the elevator hit the botton . BA - boom ! the massive explosion blow open the door , fire cloud engulf the elevator section of the lobby . int . presidential suite ( matrix ) - day the Agents hear the blast and FIRE alarm . agent jone lower level -- agent brown they be actually attack . int . elevator shaft ( matrix ) - day hanging by a rope , trinity hot - wire the panel for the door . int . top floor ( matrix ) - day nervous , the Marines watch as the elevator " ding " softly and slide open . Black smoke rise out of the expose shaft . the nearest Marine ease to the edge , peer down at the churn blaze engulf the lower level . he do not see trinity and Neo above he until it be too late . krack ! Neo kick , knock the Marine fly down into the shaft . before the other can react , trinity flip out into the hall , decking the nearest Marine . Neo crack another . the fight be over before it begin . int . presidential suite ( matrix ) - day a enormous explosion thunder above they , shaking the building . the alarm sound , emergency sprinkler begin shower the room . agent Smith smashes a table . agent smith find they and destroy they ! agent Jones nod and touch he ear piece . ext . roof ( matrix ) - day the roof -access tower be now engulf in flame as Neo and trinity lay waste to a dozen more Marines . gun and knife , like extension of they body use with the same deadly precision as they foot and they fist . across the roof , the pilot inside the army helicopter watch the ferocious onslaught . pilot I repeat , we be under attack ! suddenly he face , he whole body dissolves , consume by spread locust - like swarm , of static as -- agent Jones emerge . just as she drop the last Marine , trinity see what 's come . Neo see she , the fear in she face , and he know what be behind he . scream , he whirl , gun fill he hand with think -speed . finger pumping , shell eject , dance up and away , we look through the sight and gun smoke at -- the agent blurred with motion -- until the hammer click against empty metal . neo trinity ! agent Jones charge . neo ... help . his gun boom as we enter the liquid space of -- bullet-time . the AIR sizzle with wad of lead - like angry fly as Neo twist , bend , duck just between they . agent Jones still run , narrow the gap , the bullet come faster until -- Neo bent impossibly back , one hand on the ground as a spiraling gray ball shear open he shoulder . he start to scream as another dig a red groove across he thigh . he have only time to look up , to see the barrel when agent Jones , stand over he , pull the trigger the final time . click . empty . Neo roll , reach for another gun when around - house kick snap he jaw . agent Jones grab the gun and level it at Neo . agent jone only human ... suddenly agent Jones stop . something be wrong . he scan the roof . trinity be go . immediately , he whirl around and turn straight into the muzzle of she .45 -- jamme right into he head . trinity dodge this , motherfucker ! boom ! boom ! boom ! the body fly back with a flash of mercurial light and when it hit the ground -- it be the pilot . trinity help Neo up . neo thanks . trinity you be hit -- neo I be fine . Neo be already look at the helicopter . neo can you fly that thing ? trinity not yet . she pull out a cellular phone . int . hovercraft tank be back at the control . tank Operator . trinity ( v.o. ) tank , I need a pilot program for a military m - 109 helicopter . tank be immediately search the disk drawer . trinity ( v.o. ) hurry ! his finger flash over the gleam laser disk , find one that he feed into trinityls supplement drive , punch the " load " cormand on she keyboard . ext . roof ( matrix ) - day trinity 's eye flutter as information surge into she brain , all the essential of fly a helicopter absorb at light - speed . trinity let 's go . int . hall ( matrix ) - day Marines , try to communicate with the man on the roof , be beginning to panic when agent Jones come around the corner . sergeant sir! Sir ! there be gunfire -- we have lose communication with the roof ! agent jone remain at you post . sergeant but , sir -- the fire -- we should evacuate ! agent jone you will do as you be order ! sergeant yes , sir . agent Jones march into the presidential suite . int . presidential suite ( matrix ) - day agent Jones throw open the bedroom door and enter , walk through the puddle pool in the carpet . over the rushing water and the alarm , agent Smith hear a SOUND and understand the seriousness of the attack . he turn to the wall of window as the helicopter drop into view -- Neo be in the back bay , aim the mount .50 machine gun . agent smith no . the gun jump and bullet explode through the window in a cacophony of crashing glass -- as the Agents go for they weapon . but Neo be too close , the .50 caliber too fast and bullet be everywhere , perforate the room . agent Smith be hit first , he body jack - knife back , blood arcing out with a sudden flash of light -- then agent Brown , he gun still firing as he body fall . and finally agent Jones . Neo stare at morpheus , try to will he into action . neo get up , morpheus ! get up ! morpheus sit unmove , he head still down . Neo grab the climb rope just as marine burst into the adjoin room . he attaches only one end to he harness when they OPEN FIRE . quickly he swing the gun , spraying the other room , window shatter , furniture exploding , marine diving for cover . int . hall ( matrix ) - day just outside the presidential suite , three marine blister with snow-static . int . presidential suite ( matrix ) - day morpheus lift he face into the room 's rain . his eye , still white , begin to blink , twitch , then close . and when he open they , they be again dark and flash with fire . the Agents knife into the room , firing even as Neo 's bullet trail chase they . morpheus strain at he handcuffs . the Agents and the marine turn the tide , blasting lead , ricocheting , pock -marking the copter . firing wildly , Neo turn to see morpheus rise , snap the handcuffs , start for the window . agent Smith stop and see morpheus run past the open bedroom door . agent smith nooo ! he fire , sweeping across the sheetrock wall in a perfect line . for a instant , we see the bullet shreed , puncturing the wall , searing through the wet air with jet trail of chalk . and as morpheus start to dive for the window , a bullet bury itself in he leg -- knock he off balance . neo he will not make it . morpheus lunge , out of control -- as Neo spin , every move a whip crack -- snap the other rope - end onto a bolt bar . morpheus begin to fall when Neo hurl himself into the wide blue empty space -- Flying for a moment . the rope snake out behind he ; a umbilical cord attach to a machine . as they two body , set in motion , rush at each other on a seemingly magnetic course until -- they collide . almost bounce free of each other , arm , leg , scramble , hand search in furious desperation , find hold and cling . until the line end , snap taut , crack they fragile embrace . morpheus tumble , leg flipping over , fall down -- the ground deliriously distant -- as Neo snatch hold of he mentor 's still handcuff wrist . neo gotcha ! trinity be already pull the copter up and away . as agent Smith grab the m - 16 from the nearest marine . he will bring they all down . targeting the helicopter , he aim at something only he can see : the oil line . ponk . ponk . ponk . the rear hull be punched full of hole and smoke and oil pour out like black blood . trinity shit-shit-no ! Neo be pull morpheus up to he when he hear the helicopter begin to die . neo oh fuck . trinity throw the helicopter towards the roof of the nearest building . morpheus and Neo cling to one another as they and the machine above they begin to fall . the engine grind , the chopping blade start to slow while -- the Agents stand in the open shattered window , watch the helicopter disappear behind taller building . carry by its nomentum , trinity guide the parabolic fall over the nearest roof where -- Neo and morpheus drop safely , roll free as the rope go slack . Neo get to he foot , try to detach himself but -- the helicopter be fall too fast , arcing over the roof like a set sun -- the coil of slack snap teach -- yanking Neo off he foot , drag he with ferocious speed towards the edge even as -- trinity lunge for the back door , she gun in one hand , grab for the rope with the other -- Neo fly like a skip stone , hurtle straight at we , when he foot hit the rain gutter -- a fulcrum that lever he up just as -- trinity fire , sever the cord from the helicopter , fall free of it as it smashes , blade first into a glass skyscraper . holding onto the rope she swing , connect to Neo , who stand on the building 's edge watch she arc beneath he as the helicopter explode -- she bounce against a shatterproof window that spider - crack out while flame erupt behind she . int . MAIN deck tank stare at the screen , he mouth agape . tank he 's the one . he 's get to be ... ext . rooftop ( matrix ) - day Neo pull trinity up into he arm . both shaking , they hold each other again . morpheus I know it ! I goddamn know it ! trinity morpheus ! she run at he , throw she arm around he . morpheus do you believe I now ? he 's the one ! who else could have do this ? neo morpheus , I know you will not believe I but the Oracle tell not I be not the one . morpheus it do not matter if I do not believe you -- his eye light up . morpheus what matter be that you do not believe she . int . MAIN deck the phone ring . trinity ( v.o. ) tank , get we out of here . tank get one ready . a underground El station . State and balbo . trinity ( v.o. ) see ya soon . line goe dead . tank look at the body and smile . tank see ya soon . ext . rooftop ( matrix ) - day the rope be all that remain . agent Smith can barely control he anger . agent brown the trace be complete . agent jone we have they position . agent brown the extermination unit be in place . agent jone order the strike . agent Smith can not stand listen to they . he move to the edge of the building , look out at the surround city . agent smith they be not out yet . int . " EL " station ( matrix ) - day a metal gate be lock , the sign read , " Station close . " Neo look around , take out a gun and blows off the lock . in the moist underground distance they hear the mute ring of a telephone . the phone be ringing inside a graffiti-cover booth . across from it , sit hunch against the red concrete wall , be a old man . he stare at the ringing phone , take a final pull off he t-bird . no one be around . it continue to ring . determined , he stand and walk to the booth . he be about to answer the phone , when Neo see he . neo do not ! the Old man stop , Neo rush at hin , glide smoothly over the turnstile . old man I be sorry -- I do not mean ! the Old man be shaking , terrify . Neo look at he gun . he glance over he shoulder , then ease back the hammer . neo get outta here . okay ? run ! go! the Old man nod , turn and hurry deeper into the urban cave , disappear into the shadow as trinity and morpheus arrive . trinity what happen ? be that -- neo it be nobody . Neo turn to the ringing booth . neo let 's go ! you first , morpheus . morpheus get in and answer the phone . lose in the shadow , the Old man turn back and watch as morpheus disappear , the phone drop , dangle by its cord . his eye grow wide , glow white in the dark . ext . rooftop ( matrix ) - day agent Smith stare , he face twisted with hate . he will never be free of the matrix . he start to turn from the edge of the building when he suddenly hear it , he head whipping back around , stare -- int . " EL " station ( matrix ) - day as the Old man stare . trinity hang up the phone . she turn to Neo , stand close enough to kiss he . trinity morpheus be right , you know . it do not matter what he believe or even what the Oracle believe . what matter be what you believe . neo I believe ... he stare at the fullness of she lip . neo I want to kiss you . she smile . trinity I want to kiss you too ... the phone begin to ring . trinity but I want it to be real . she pull herself away and get into the booth when something catch Neo 's eye and he look to where the Old man have be . she hear he scream and see agent Smith emerge as if form by congeal darkness , charge with a fistful of metal . the gun fire , the bullet fly at she , bursting through the plastic window just as -- trinity disappear . the handset hang in the air as the bullet hit , shatter the ear - piece . int . hovercraft trinity blink , shiver as she conscious exit the construct . trinity Neo ! tank what the hell just happen ? trinity a agent ! you have to send I back ! tank I can not ! int . " EL " station ( matrix ) - day gun report thunder through the underground , both man blasting , move at impossible speed . for a blink noment we enter bullet -time . gun flash tongue curl from neol gun , bullet float forward like a plane nove across the sky , cartridge cartwheel into space . a instant later they be nearly on top of each other , roll up out of a move that be almost a mirrore reflection of the other -- each jam they gun tight to the other 's head . they freeze in a kind of embrace ; Neo sweat , panting , agent Smith machine - calm . agent Smith smile . agent smith you be empty . Neo pull the trigger . click . neo so be you . the smile fall . agent Smith yank he trigger . click . agent Smith 's face warp with rage and he attack , fist fly at furious speed , blow and counter , Neo retreate as -- a knife-hand open he forearm , and a kick send he slamm back against a steel column . stun , he duck just under a punch that crunch into the beam , steel chunks exploding like shrapnel . behind he , Neo leap into the air , deliver a neck - snap reverse round-house . agent Smith 's glass fly off and he glare at Neo ; he eye , ice blue . agent smith you can not win . neo I already have . he attack with a vicious series of blow but the agent seem to absorb they , wait for he open . and this time agent Smith 's attack be too much , a unrelent fury , fist pound like jackhammer . int . hovercraft trinity watch Neo as he body jerk , mouth cough blood , he life sign go wild . trinity Jesus , he 's kill he ! int . " EL " station ( matrix ) - day agent Smith grab hold of he , lift he into the air , hurl he against the curve wall of the train tunnel , where he fall inch from the electrify third - rail . the agent be about to jump down , and press he attack when he hear sonethe . from deep in the tunnel , like a animal cry ; a burst of high - speed metal grinding against metal . the sound of a on- coming train . int . hovercraft tank be try to find another entrance . trinity send I back , tank ! anywhere ! tank I be look , trinity ! I be look ! from the cockpit , a alarm sound . morpheus hurry to the front console , type , bring up the radar . trinity follow he . trinity what be it ... oh no . in every pipe surround they , they see the extermination unit . trinity sentinel . int . sewer MAIN the kill machine we see in the History Program blister by we like tracer bullet shot down the throat of the abyss . int . " EL " station ( matrix ) - day Neo try to get up . agent Smith jump down onto the track and drop-kick he in the face . the world begin to shake , rumbling as the train near . agent smith do you hear that , Mr. Anderson ? agent Smith grab Neo in a choke-hold , force he to look down the track , the train 's headlight burn a hole in the darkness . agent smith that be the sound of inevitability . Neo see it come and he start to fight . agent smith it be the sound of you death . there be another metal screech , much louder , closer , as agent Smith tighten he hold . Neo be unable to breathe . agent smith Goodbye , Mr. Anderson . the train roar at they , swallow agent Smith 's word . the vein bulge in Neo 's head , as he grit through the pain . he be not ready to die . neo my name be Neo . impossibly , he hurl himself straight up , smash Smith against the concrete ceiling of the tunnel . they fall as the sound and fury of the train explode into the station . Neo back - flip up off the track just as -- the train barrel over agent Smith . Neo stand , knee shaking , when the train slam on its emergency brake . with a ear-splitt shriek of torture rail , the train slow , part of it still in the station . Neo turn , limping , start to run , racing for the escalator -- as the train come to a stop and the door of the last car open ; agent Smith burst out in furious pursuit , he glass again intact . int . hovercraft morpheus check the ship 's self destruct key . trinity you can not use that until Neo be out ! morpheus I know . do not worry , he will make it . ext . CITY STREET ( matrix ) - day a man sit in he mercede , talk on he car phone when he door be throw open . Neo yank he out and jump in . further down the street , agent Smith slow , calmly touch he ear-piece . Neo throw the car across traffic , rocketing down a side - street . int . car ( matrix ) - day driving like a demon with one hand , he grab the car phone and dial long distance . int . hovercraft tank answer . tank Operator . neo ( v.o. ) Mr. wizard , get I the fuck out of here ! int . car ( matrix ) - day look over he shoulder , watch the mirror , Neo drive almost unconsciously . neo hurry , tank ! I get some serious pursuit ! int . hovercraft the keyboard click , tank search for a exit . trinity scream into the headset . trinity Neo , you better get you ass back here ! int . car neo I be try , trinity . I be try . tank ( v.o. ) I get one ! Neo glance to he right and see agent Brown , now drive the car beside he . agent Brown swerve , slamm into he . tank ( v.o. ) wabash and Lake . a hotel . Neo fight the steering wheel as agent Brown push the car up over the median . tank ( v.o. ) room 303 . Neo drop the phone as he car buck into the oppose lane -- directly into the charge path of a enormous truck drive by agent Smith . Neo dive from the mercede as the truck plow into it , rending metal and glass , crush through , total other car , as it explode . Neo be up and run even as orange and black cloud billow up behind hin . ext . CITY STREET ( matrix ) - day Three figure silhouette by the burn wreckage become the three agent . further down the street , Neo haul he break , bleed ass . Agents Brown and Smith slow , touch they ear-piece as agent Jones continue chase full - bore . Neo spin around a corner , racing toward a hotel call : the heart of Chicago Hotel . only agent Jones be behind he now . Neo dive into the alley . at the far end he see agent Brown charge . Neo leap for the fire escape and begin to climb . int . sewer MAIN sentinel open and shift like killer kaleidoscope as they ready they weapon , swarm around the nebuchadnezzar . int . hovercraft the hovercraft boom as machine drop onto it . tank I be go to make the call . morpheus do it ! int . " heart of chicago " HOTEL ( matrix ) - day agent snith be in the elevator when he hear the distant ring of a phone . ext . alley ( matrix ) - day the agent chase he , firing , bullet sparking and ricocheting even as Neo jump for the third - floor platform . Neo kick in the window , jump into the hall . the door count backwards : 310 ... 309 ... int . hovercraft morpheus grab the biggest gun he can find . the laser begin to slice through the hull . trinity where be he ? tank almost there . morpheus he 's go to make it . trinity hurry , Neo . int . hall ( matrix ) - day Neo can hear the phone ringing . 305 ... 304 ... agent Brown reach the break window behind he just as Neo grab the handle of 303 , throw open the door to find -- agent sniith , wait , .45 cocked . Neo can not move -- can not think -- boom . int . hovercraft Neo 's body jerk , and everyone hear it as the life monitor snap flat-line . trinity scream . morpheus be freeze in disbelief . int . hall ( matrix ) - day Three hole in he chest , Neo fall to the blue shag carpete , blood smear down the wallpaper . agent Smith stand over he , still aim , take no chance . agent smith check he . int . hovercraft through the laser open , morpheus scream , blast away at the machine ; comet - wad of plasma burn hole in they armored housing . trinity collapse onto Neo 's body . trinity no-no - no ! Neo , you be not dead ! you can not be dead ! int . hall ( matrix ) - day kneel beside he , agent Brown check he vital sign . agent brown he 's go . agent Smith smile , stand over he . agent smith I tell you , you could not win . int . hovercraft tank be hit , a laser bolt knock he to the ground . they can not hold they off any longer . morpheus lunge for the self destruct -- as trinity whisper in Neo 's ear . trinity you be right here . I be hold you , Neo . I be not let you go . do you hear I ? I will not let you go . int . hall ( matrix ) - day the agent walk to the elevator , leave Neo 's body behind . int . hovercraft morpheus flick the plexiglas shield of the self - destruct . trinity goddamnit , Neo ! do not give it up ! not now ! she pound on he chest . trinity not now ! int . HOTEL hall ( matrix ) - day the blow echoes deep in he mind . his eye snap open . int . hovercraft trinity scream as the monitor jump back to life . tank and morpheus stare , unbely . it be a miracle . trinity now get up ! int . hall ( matrix ) - day Neo struggle , hold he chest , sit up . down the hall , he see the elevator close and -- agent Smith stare at he as if he be look at a cypher . Neo give he the finger . agent smith nooooo ! agent Smith pound on the elevator door . int . hovercraft a sentinel blows a hole in morpheus ' right arm and he scream , refuse to let go of the detonator . int . room 303 ( matrix ) - day Neo dive for the ringing phone . int . hovercraft machine split open the craft , pour in , laser target everywhere . a beat find the center of morpheus ' forehead and he scream , ready to die . trinity now ! he turn the key . int . overflow pit a blind shock of white light flood the chamber ; sentinels blink and fall instantly dead , fill the pit with they cold , metal carcass . int . hovercraft in the still darkness , only the human be alive . trinity Neo ? his eye open . tear pour from she smile eye as he reach up to touch she . and she kiss hin ; it seem like it might last forever . fade to black . fade in : on computer screen as in the open . the cursor beat steadily , wait . a phone begin to ring . it be answer and the screen fill instantly with the trace program . after a long beat , we recognize Neo 's voice . neo ( v.o. ) hi . it 's I . I know you be out there . I know you be work as fast as you can to catch I . we close in on the racing column of number shimmer across the screen . neo ( v.o. ) I think I should call and let you know how thing stand . we dive through the number , surging up through the darkness , suck toward a tight constellation of star . neo ( v.o. ) I know you be real proud of this world you have build , the way it work , all the nice little rule and such , but I have get some bad news . we realize that the constellation be actually the hole in the mouthpiece of a phone . see from inside . neo ( v.o. ) I have decide to make a few change . we shoot through the hole as Neo hang up the phone . he step out of the phone booth and start walk , wear a long black coat and dark glass . he pass a mother drag she little boy , who crane he neck as -- Neo take off , fly up into the air . boy mommy ! mommy ! mommy what ? boy that man ! that man fly ! mommy do not be silly , honey . Men do not fly . there be a rush of AIR as the Boy stare up as Neo shoot overhead . his coat billow like a black leather cape as he soar up , up , and away . fade out . the end