for you consideration she birth a be Nation best original screenplay screenplay by nos eat story by nate parker & jean mcgianni celestin 4/09/15 4/21/15 5/08/15 6/15/15 White draft Blue draft pink draft yellow draft the birth of a nation screenplay by nate parker 4/9/15 - white 1 black , then - 1 indeed , I tremble for my country when I reflect that God be just , that he justice can not sleep forever . Thomas jefferson , 1785 child 's voice ( v.0 . ) my mama , she be runnin’ . runnin 's fast as she could ... fade in ext . dismal swamp - night 2 moonlight sift through the tall pine , illuminate the fog - blankete marsh . child voice ( v.o. ) but the white man , he catch she . catch she an’ throw she to the ground ... through the boscage , two shroud figure emerge , pace stealthily through the brush . child voice ( v.o. ) but he be not know that another man , big like my daddy be behind he ... closer to reveal the shadow feature of a African woman . she pull a young boy alongside she - both of whom 's feature we cannot yet clearly see . child voice ( v.0 . ) he take a big ol 's stick and hit that white man all about he head with it ... int . slave quarter - nana 's cabin - ( night ) 3 Three slave child sit together under candle light . they wear long tow shirt that reach to they knee . the smallest , young nat turner ( 9 ) continue as the two other listen rapt . young nat then they dig a hole , roll he in it and walk on back . a unknown Pov watch from outside the crack cabin door . one of the other slave child , young hark ( 10 ) pipe up . ( continued ) 5/8/15 - pink 2 continued : 3 slave child they get lynched ? young nat naw . they go on back and do not never say nothing on it . ( he giggle ) say they be not see master all day . the cabin door open to reveal nancy turner ( 20' ) . she regards nat , spook . nancy who tell you that ? no answer . she rush to he , grab he hard by the arm . nancy ( cont 'd ) you tell I who tell you that right now , ' of I tan you hide ! young nat nobody , mama . I just ... remember - nat wince against she grip , terrify . his eye flood . Nancy release she grip , pull he into a hug . her eye mist . nancy I be sorry ... omitted 4 ext . dismal swamp - clearing - night 5 Nancy and nat step into the clear to find a group of elderly african huddle around a humble fire in fervent prayer . among the elder , we find ezekiel ( 90' ) . as if sense they arrival , he eye open . he motion they forward . ezekiel speak in he Native ghanaian tongue . ezekiel ( remove he garb . ) ( continued ) continued : 5/8/15 - pink nat look terrify as Nancy remove he shirt . ezekiel inspect nat 's arm and back before arrive to he chest . the elder nudge in , the mouth of passionate prayer never cease . ezekiel point a thin finger to the boy 's sternum . angle on three slightly raised knot . he point ezekiel ( cont 'd ) ( in the time of we ancestor , the cycle of we people lay in the hand of the child ... a man 's position be leave to the sign of the maker . Children bear mark be present before counsel . it be there they be give they assignment in the tribe - assignment that would last a lifetime ... ) to the first bump on the nat 's chest . ezekiel ( cont 'd ) ( wisdom ... ) ( the second bump ) ( courage ... ) ( the third ) ( vision ... ) ( a long beat ) ( this boy hold the Holy mark of we ancestor past ... he be bear to be a prophet . ) at the word prophet , the surround elder 's body arch and rock , the intensity of they prayer grow to fever pitch . we push in on nat as he struggle to digest the magnitude of he word . closer . as divine exaltation fill the surround blur , we - super : base on a true story int . barn / slave church - day CUT to black sunlight cut through crooked slat , casting golden line across the dirt floor . whisper lead toward a corner where we find several shadowed figure crouch in the darkness . ( continued ) * 10 1 5/8/15 - pink 4 continued : 6 they whisper cease when something cross outside , disrupt the light . the broad barn door creek open . a ugly shadow track across the barn floor . we drift up to reveal - JOHN clarke turner ( 10 , white ) his eye snap toward a movement in the dark . he smile big - JOHN clarke I see you ! ext . barn / slave church - day 7 giggle child , burst from the barn door , as John Clark give chase . we lock in on Young nat as he sprint ahead of the group . super : southampton county , virginia , 1809 ext . turner plantation - big house - day 8 we follow he , as he pass the turner mansion - ext . slave quarter - day 9 he cut through the slave quarter , dodging a male blacksmith slave who shape a piece of metal with a hammer , pass a male slave lead a trudging mule and race through a plume of steam rise from a female slave cook 's massive pot . omitted 10 ext . turner plantation - big house - day will John Clarke stand in the courtyard resign . he offer a final scan of the plantation JOHN clarke nat ! ( no response ) all right , you win again ! come on out ! ( continued ) ae 1 12 13 14 5/8/15 - pink 5 continued : ql several moment pass before nat emerge . he and John Clarke share a smile as - woman' voice ( 0.s. ) John Clarke ! elizabeth turner ( 40' ) exit onto the ' Big House 's porch . elizabeth turner get in here for supper . JOHN clarke yes be ! bye nat . young nat bye . nat watch as John Clarke bound the porch stair . he and Elizabeth disappear inside . nat linger a moment , he eye fix on a hardcover book drape on the back of a rock chair . omitted 12 ext . turner plantation - big house - day 13 on the porch , the wooden rock chair rock lazily . the hardcover book , go . ext . slave quarter - meal house - day 14 nat arrive to a long table overcrowded with slave child , each hold a shell . a slave man approach , drop a large BOWL of cornmush at the table 's center . as the child surge scoop at the mush , nat struggle to push he way through . within second , the kid disperse , leave nat in front of a empty bowl . angle on ( continued ) 14 15 16 5/8/15 - pink 6 continued : 14 -a slave man across the courtyard . this be isaac turner . a leather apron shield he chest and leg as he wield a hammer over a hot scrap of iron . he watch as nat meander away . int . slave quarter - nana's cabin - night 15 Isaac enter , cake in dirt and sweat . Bridget , Nancy and nat lie asleep . Isaac hover over a bucket of water in a near corner . as he rinse he face a soft moan rise from nat 's direction . Isaac study nat a beat before grab a small wooden box from a shelf . within , he find a crumpled square of paper . he smooth it against he leg , before slip out the cabin . a long beat until - nat stir awake , sit up . ext . wood - old road - night 16 Isaac push through the wood , stay close to the main road . a SOUND in the distance stop he in he track . he grip a bulky stash under he shirt as he squint into the dark . as he eye focus on a shadow figure ahead - click . he turn to find three man , the patty - roller , atop horse . they be dress similarly in wear pea coat , each coat bear a dull brass STAR . raymond cobb ( 40' , the leader ) hold a pistol levele at Isaac 's head . cobb you so much as bat you eye I will blow you from here to hell . Isaac stand freeze as he take in the group of three man . cobb ( cont 'd ) what you doin 's out here , boy ? isaac runnin 's a errand for my massa , suh . massa Benjamin Turner . he open he shirt to reveal canned good and salt pork . cobb where yo’ pass at ? Isaac produce a piece of paper we recognize as the crumpled square from the cabin . he hand it to cobb who study it . ( continued ) 16 17 5/8/15 - pink 7 continued : 16 * cobb ( cont 'd ) * you think you be smarter than I , * do not you boy ? * cobb call to one of he man , jesse ( 20 ) . * cobb ( cont ’d ) * jesse , what we call a nigger , think he can outsmart a white man ? jesse +++a dead nigger . cobb ( to Isaac ) turn around . get on you knee . Isaac turn toward the wood . cobb dismount behind he . Isaac squint toward the shadow figure . recognition set in he gaze . it 's nat . cobb ( cont ’d ) on yo’ knee . with isaac as he slowly lower . just as he knee touch the ground , he - - lunge for the gun . bang ! the gun go off , catch the third pattyroller in the chest . Isaac and cobb wrestle for the pistol as jesse struggle for a clean shot . Isaac head - * butt cobb , send the gun fly . before cobb can recover , Isaac grab a nearby branch , club he across the face . a gash open , spilling blood . Isaac sprint into the wood . on cobb and jesse fire wildly into the treeline . ext . wood - night 17 Young nat run for he life . as he crash through the brush a hand scoops he up from behind . wider to reveal Isaac sprinting , nat dangle in he grip . 18 5/8/15 - pink 8 int . slave quarter - nana's cabin - night 18 BRIDGET '' nana '' turner , sit in a rock chair , in front of a modest fire , asleep . Isaac and nat burst in . Bridget and Nancy jolt up to see Isaac , blood speckle clothes , nat terrify at he side . BRIDGET oh , Jesus ! nancy what happen ?! nat tremble as Isaac pull ration from he pants . a few sealed tin can tumble to the floor . nancy ( cont 'd ) Isaac ! - Isaac grab Nancy gently by the arm . isaac I hurt some white man . do not have no choice ... nancy what you go 's do ? isaac only thing I can . I gotta go . nat break free , cling to he father 's leg . Isaac kneel to nat 's level . isaac ( cont 'd ) you take care of you mama and nana , hear ? nat when you comin’ back , papa ? isaac I will be back , directly . Isaac take he son in . isaac ( cont 'd ) no matter what , you remember this : you a child of God . you get purpose . ( more ) ( continued ) 18 5/8/15 - pink 9 continued : 18 isaac ( cont 'd ) ( touch he chest ) it 's in ya . the Lord put it there and they be not nothing nobody can do to take it away , ya hear ? nat yessir ... a dog be hear barking in the bg . Isaac hug Bridget , move * to Nancy who choke back tear . isaac I will get back soon as I can for y'all ( then ) I love you , woman . and with that , Isaac slip from the cabin . a deafen beat , until - the sound of galloping hoove approach in the bg . Bridget hurry nat onto he cot , usher Nancy , who stand catatonic , to hers . she quickly pull back a corner mat , pull a board loose to reveal - a SMALL compartment she hide the steal food , replace the board just as - Benjamin Turner open the cabin door . cobb trail , hold a blood -soak handkerchief tight to he face . benjamin turner Bridget , Nancy , get on up . Isaac be in a lot of trouble . I need y’all to tell I where he be . BRIDGET he be not here massa . we be not see he all night . benjamin turner * you sure - * cobb Ben , I be gonna ask you to step * outside . * Benjamin hesitates . * cobb ( cont 'd ) * a white man lose he life tonight . * you know like I do what that mean . * ( more ) ( continued ) 5/8/15 - pink 9a 18 continued : ( 2 ) 18 cobb ( cont 'd ) now I can do my question now , or I can come back after I get my posse round up . do a thorough search of the property . a beat , until . benjamin turner ... any harm do will be take up with the sheriff . as Ben exit . cobb remove the cloth to reveal a ugly gash . cobb none of y’all see he , huh ? ( continued ) ae * 18 5/8/15 - pink 10 continued : ( 3 ) 18 old BRIDGET nancy no , suh . no , suh . cobb ( cont 'd ) ( to nat ) what about you , boy ? nancy he be not see nothin- smack ! cobb backhand Nancy who land across the room . cobb you see yo’ daddy ? no response . cobb squat down nose to nose with nat . nat hold he gaze , seemingly unafraid . shake he head ' no 's . cobb ( cont 'd ) you that nigger 's boy , alright . cobb stand , still eyeing nat . Bridget 's eye flit just past cobb 's boot . we follow she gaze to see a small wax - sealed glass jar lie just several inch from he heel . cobb uncurl a dirty index finger , point it to Nancy , then to nat . as he lean in , he weight shift on the wooden plank , the tin can slowly roll towards he foot . cobb ( cont 'd ) if I find out y'all be lie , I be gonna come back here ... Bridget watch as the can pick up speed , roll closer . cobb ( cont 'd ) ... and the thing I be go 's do to y’all might not be so nice - inch away until- Bridget dive at cob 's foot . BRIDGET oh 's massa please ! please ! we do not know nothin 's ! oh Lord ! cobb get off I ! cobb struggle from she grip . Benjamin push in - benjamin turner that 's enough ! ( continued ) 18 19 20 21 5/8/15 - pink ql continued : ( 4 ) 18 cobb straighten before eyeing Nancy . * cobb ( straighten to exit , then ) teach that boy some manners . next time he look I in the eye , he 's go 's to get the same thing that 's waitin’ for he pa . with that , he turn and they be out the door . Bridget 's * hysteria switch to a chill calm in a instant . she sit up on the floor , open she palm to reveal the food jar . * on nat as he mind struggle to process the night 's event . ext . wood ~ day ( vision one ) 19 Young nat , he skin royal blue , fill the frame . he seem to * look directly at we . nat ’'s Pov a shadow move . demonic voice permeate the forest around * he . a cloak figure hide in the distance . something behind he , turn . a man lie bow in prayer , he back to we . feet away . off he demonic feature - int . slave quarter - nana's cabin - night nat turn back to see the shadowed figure be only nat sense * * 20 nat jerk awake , to find himself in Nancy 's arm . nat burst into tear as she hold he , rock he in she grip . ext . turner plantation - big house - nancy shh ... you be ok . it be not real . it 's in you mind . it be not real . I be here , now . nat I want papa ... nancy I know , baby ... ( low ) I too . backyard - day 21 Nancy stretch wet cotton sheet across a long clothes line . nat can be see in the bg toss a ball mad of rag . * ( continued ) 5/8/15 - pink 11a 21 continued : 21 as she reach into the basket , she rise to find a smile Elizabeth Turner . elizabeth turner mind if I help . ( continued ) 21 continued : 4/9/15 - white nancy no , mar ’am . Nancy and Elizabeth string the sheet in silence elizabeth turner how 's nat doin 's ? nancy he doin 's fine I reckon ... somethin’ wrong , missus ? elizabeth turner no. nothin 's wrong . ( then ) John Clarke tell I something this morning I think I have ask you about . ( beat ) he say nat know how to read . nancy read ? oh no . he do not know how to read . he do not know nothin’ . he just pull John Clarke 's leg . elizabeth turner John Clarke say he find he with a book . Said he know letter . nancy nat do not know nothing ' bout no book . he just shiftless . Act like he be not get no sense half the time . elizabeth turner a part of I could not believe it either ... so , I test he . 12 21 until - a sheet slip from Nancy 's grasp . she catch it before it hit the grass . nancy ma’ be ? elizabeth turner sure enough , there he be sounding out letter . a excruciate beat . the two continue hang sheet in tandem . Nancy 's hand tremble . ( continued ) 21 22 continued : 5/8/15 - pink ( 3 ) elizabeth turner ( cont 'd ) have he come by the house tomorrow after lunch - nancy please , missus . he do not mean no harm . I x11 whip he good when I see he - elizabeth turner whip he ? nonsense . I be go to teach he . if the good Lord give that boy a gift to read , we would be remiss to let it go to waste . now have he at the house tomorrow after lunch , hear ? ( then ) and do not expect he back for a few day . reading can be tricky . Lessons best not be disturb in the beginning . Nancy force a smile . nancy yes be . 13 21 and Elizabeth saunter away as cheery as when she come . on Nancy , she face fall . ext . slave quarter - nana 's cabin - day 22 , * Nancy pull a burlap shirt over nat 's head . wider to see nat * wear a pair of sack cloth pants ; the first time we have see he without he tow shirt . Nancy and Bridget regard nat as he study he new outfit with pride . nancy hold on . Nancy disappear into the cabin . BRIDGET now you listen to everything miss Elizabeth say . keep ya head down and stay out the way , hear ? young nat yes be . tee of * ( continued ) 22 5/8/15 - pink 13a continued : 22 Nancy emerge from inside , produce a fold piece of cloth . she and Bridget share a look before she kneel , hand it to nat . nancy yo ' daddy give I this ... and yo 's nana give it to he . nat unfold the cloth to reveal - ( continued ) 22 23 24 5/8/15 - pink 14 continued : ( 2 ) 22 a SMALL wooden relic . tribal sign carve on its face . nancy ( cont 'd ) do not you go losin 's it , ya’ hear ? young nat yes be . she gently take he face in she hand , kiss he cheek before pull he into a long hug . Bridget take nat 's hand , lead he out of the quarter as we hold on Nancy 's look of despair . ext . turner plantation - big house - day 23 Bridget and nat stand on the Big House porch . she knock and a house servant janice ( 20' ) pull open the door . janice ( over she shoulder ) miss Elizabeth - Elizabeth arrive , regards nat with a smile . elizabeth turner there you be . ( to Bridget ) you tell Nancy not to worry , he x11 be fine . BRIDGET yes be . Bridget watch as Elizabeth guide nat inside . elizabeth turner first , we gotta get you outta that rag ... Bridget and nat share a fleeting look before he disappear inside , Janice push the door shut . and we hold on Bridget . int . turner plantation - big house - study - day 24 hundred of book line the wall . nat wander , mouth agape . ( continued ) hhh 24 4/9/15 - white 15 continued : 24 young nat this shol 's be a lot of book . elizabeth turner they come from all over . nat reach out to touch one when elizabeth catch he hand . elizabeth turner ( cont ’d ) this book in here be for white folk . they be full of thing you kind would not understand . but , I do have a special one , just for you . she produce a wear holy bible , hand it to nat . elizabeth turner ( cont 'd ) and guess what ? it 's the best book ever write . young nat can I look ? elizabeth turner of course . it 's yours . young nat thank you , missus . he flip delicately through the thin page , he eye scan the foreign word . elizabeth turner you be a special boy , Nathaniel . ( beat ) Study hard and heed my instruction , hear ? you life , it 'il never be the same . I will see to that . young nat yes , missus . elizabeth turner well come on . the good book will not read itself . let 's start with the beginning . nat , all smile , as he join Elizabeth on a nearby couch . 25 26 4/9/15 - white 16 int . turner family church - day 25 nat stand stark still in he black servant suit , chin high . his Bible rest in he White -glove hand . Ben Turner stand just at he flank . nat ( xead ) draw nigh to God , and he will draw nigh to you . cleanse you hand , ye sinner ; and purify you heart , ye double minded . be afflict , and mourn , and weep : let you laughter be turn to mourn , and you joy to heaviness . James four , chapter eight and nine . a thin white congregation offer polite applause . Elizabeth , beam . she gesture to nat to take a bow . he oblige before join she , John Clark and she daughter catherine ( 4 ) , in the front pew . lead house servant , isaiah ( 40' ) and Janice sit on a single back pew . on benjamin who pour with sweat , wipe he neck , as he regains the pulpit . he cough into a handkerchief , it spot with blood . he quickly pocket it . benjamin turner bless his name . might as well carry on in James . turn with I to James one . ' holding on to the goodness of the Lord . 's int . big house - master bedroom - day 26 tight on nat . wider to find Nancy and Bridget stand in front of Benjamin who lie pale and dead in the bed . Elizabeth weep quietly by he side . a unknown man , SAMUEL turner ( 17 ) be the only other person in the room . he lean against the wall in a far corner . Elizabeth smile at nat . elizabeth turner he be most proud of the young man you be become , nat . nat glance toward Samuel . Elizabeth catch it . elizabeth turner ( cont ’d ) that 's Samuel . you be a little young when he leave . ( beat ) he will not be return to school ... but will be take Ben 's place as you earthly master . ( continued ) 26 5/8/15 - pink continued : Bridget and Nancy offer Samuel smile of acceptance . look to Samuel again , who stare back . then - SAMUEL turner how old be you , boy ? young nat ten , suh . SAMUEL turner ( to Nancy ) ima 's want he in the field come mornin’ , ya hear ? nancy yes ’suh . nat 's face fall . he look to Elizabeth gut - punch . SAMUEL turner ( to Bridget and Nancy ) that 's it , yall . go on . Bridget and Nancy start off , nat linger , bewilder . glance to Elizabeth before Nancy usher he out . elizabeth turner that boy , nat . I have spend quite a bit of time with he . he read , quote scripture . ( beat ) John Clark 's take a like to he . and so have I ... Samuel only look forward . elizabeth turner ( cont 'd ) maybe the field be not a place for a child of he ability . ( mo response , then ) the young man he 's become - SAMUEL turner he be not no young man , mama . he 's a a foal . and if we be lucky , he will grow to be a stud . ( beat ) we owe . we need more of that swamp drain so we can seed more crop . maybe have a season that 'il get we outta’ this hole daddy leave we in ... a read slave do not get that do . 17 26 nat a final ( continued ) 26 27 28 5/8/15 - pink 18 continued : ( 2 ) 26 with that he stride out of the room . on Elizabeth , a portrait of defeat . ext . cotton field - dawn 27 Nancy and nat stand in a row that seem to stretch to eternity . nat don a cotton henley and burlap pants . she regards he with sad eye . nancy you go 's start here and work you way down yonder . ( motion to adjacent row ) I will be right over there , ya hear . Nancy pull he into a helpless hug before crossing into the next row . time progression ext . cotton field - day 28 -- on nat 's small hand as they feebly pick cotton , follow they as they stuff blood speckle cotton into the long sack . --still tight on nat 's hand , slightly bigger , as they move faster , separate the cotton from the bulb , follow they down to a half fill sack . --and still tight on nat 's hand , now full grown as they breeze expertly from bulb to bulb , stuff the snow white tuft into a completely full sack . -- we follow he hand up bulg forearm and a sweaty muscular torso to reveal - nat be now a twenty - seven -year-old man . mature African feature frame pierce eye . nat pull two full sack over he shoulder . 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 5/8/15 - pink 19 omitted 29 omitted 30 omitted 31 omitted 32 omitted 33 omitted 34 int . barn / slave church - day 35 Turner slave populate the wooden bench . we spot Nancy , Bridget and hark . angle on nat who somberly address the small congregation . nat wait on the Lord : be of good courage , and he shall strengthen thine heart : wait , I say on the Lord . '' ( beat ) let we bow we head . int . turner family church - day 36 tight on a flaring match as its press into a tobacco pipe . wider to reveal a fleshy preacher reverend walthall ( 60 ) inhale smoke . he sit next to Samuel , they eye fix toward something we do not yet see . they speak in whisper . rev . walthall she will make a fine wife , indeed . it 's be a bless see she develop into the woman she have . ( continued ) 36 37 5/8/15 - pink 20 continued : 36 SAMUEL turner will be a even better blessin’ seein 's she and mama puttin’ they foot under he table ' stead of mine . they share a stifle laugh . reverse to reveal catherine turner ( 20' ) in a white gown , stand with she new husband guile reese ( 30' ) . they pose next to a sunlit window . a artist scribbles on a canvas , capture the moment . back to Samuel and Rev. walthall . rev . walthall she look content enough . SAMUEL turner ( scoff ) content ? if I have a nickel for every time she ask I to buy she a handmaid for mama , I have have enough to have buy one by now Samuel rise , head for the exit . Rev. walthall follow ext . turner family church - continuous 37 Samuel and Rev. walthall exit to find Janice hold a * pitcher of water . she offer walthall a glass . * rev . walthall * bless ya , honey . * ( then ) * how 's John Clarke ? SAMUEL turner still in Richmond . should graduate * next year . volunteer in the local militia on he off day . rev . walthall the Lord rejoice over that . SAMUEL turner yeah , so do my mama - not so much the militia part . ( sotto ) '' that boy run around with gun 'il find themselves a war . '' * as walthall downs he water , Janice appear , fill he glass . * as he watch she go - * ( continued ) 37 continued : 4/9/15 - white al 37 rev . walthall ( cont ’d ) I gotta say , Sam , you slave sure do know how to behave . more impressed by ‘em ever 's time I make it ' round . ( beat ) Old Ben would be proud . SAMUEL turner they God fear . simple as that . gotta color preacher that keep '' they remind . rev . walthall a color preacher ? that the remedy ? SAMUEL turner that 's it . rev . walthall well , I do not gotta tell ya’ time be tough . with the drought , it 's get harder for white all over the county to feed and clothe they nigger good . talk of insurrection 's get folk scared . I would think people have pay good money to have ‘em calm down a bit . especially by one of they own . SAMUEL turner calm down ? rev . walthall no different from what you get he doin’ here . ( beat as Sam consider ) just sayin 's you might have a opportunity on you hand . SAMUEL turner start askin’ around about that . rev . walthall will do . ( then ) guess I should git . get a few other service in county . SAMUEL turner busy man , reverend . rev . walthall never too busy for the Lord 's work . ( continued ) 37 38 4/9/15 - white 22 continued : ( 2 ) 37 on Samuel as he watch the reverend off . ext . turner MAIN road - day nat steer a colt , as he and Samuel ride in the front of a cover wagon . Samuel lean back , asleep . in the distance - several gun shot . the horse fidget . nat ( to horse ) whoa . whoa , now ... Samuel stir awake , and we - angle on 38 the far end of the road where three man approach on horse . patty-rollers . nat slow the wagon . as the man arrive , we recognize the leader as Ray cobb . a scar stretch from he right eye to he chin , he sun - age skin look more like tan leather . jesse and the other stop at he flank , bloodthirsty . cobb you see a nigger run by here ? SAMUEL turner naw . then again I doze off a few ... cobb ( to nat ) what about you , boy ? you best not lie . I know when ya will be lie . nat no , suh . cobb study nat through a familiar squint . cobb couple nigger go miss off Bill Johnson 's place this mornin’ . say they raise up on a overseer ' for they take off . cobb eye the surround wood . jesse get one just back yonder . swear T put one in the ' nother . ( continued ) 38 39 5/8/15 - pink 23 continued : 38 cobb he 's close ... I can smell he ( then ) if y’all see somethin’ , let we know . SAMUEL turner will do . cobb whistle , he horse snap to . a moment before Sam lie back , cover he face . nat loosen the rein . cobb eye he hard as they cross . as the wagon push forward nat slow at something just off the road . we rack focus to reveal the body of a dead slave , he brain expose from a head -shot . on nat , eye still fix forward as he snap the reign . ext . farmer' market - wood and seed store - day 39 nat and Samuel load the last wooden slat onto the wagon . nat rest on the back as Samuel exit frame . wider to reveal a well - dress family of three crossing in the foreground . the man ( 30' ) , hold a lacquer cane , walk a pace ahead of the woman ( 2us ) who usher they son ( 5 ) along by the hand . closer on the Son who carry a wooden hand puppet . as the mother hurry he along , it drop , unnotice , in the dirt . a moment later - voice ( 0.s. ) ma'am ... the woman turn to find nat , hold the doll . nat the younglin 's drop it a step back . the woman offer a warm smile . woman : thank you . nat maneuver the puppet arm , pull a smile from the boy . just as he reach it back to he - whap ! the husband 's cane come down hard on nat 's wrist . the doll hit the dirt as he step between nat and he wife and child . man what you think you be do ?! woman he be just - ( continued ) 39 4/9/15 - white 24 continued : 39 man ( to nat ) you speak to my wife ?! where be you owner , boy ? nat offer no response . the man swing the cane down hard , its length strike nat 's arm . nat eye the dirt in rehearse passivity . man ( cont ’d ) do you hear I , boy ? the man swing the cane again , it connect with a crack on nat 's elbow . nat grit he tooth . the man raise it once more . as he bring it down nat catch it . his eye just slightly connect with the man' . the man go white with fear . SAMUEL turner ( 0.s. ) ( to the man be : cane ) you best go on and put that down . nat let go . the man stumble backward , but keep the cane raise . man I want the sheriff . this boy assault I ! he assault my wife and I be bringin’ charge . SAMUEL turner sheriff floyd ? you can fetch he if you like . in the meantime , I ’ma give you the count of three to put that stick down , else I ’ma have to make sure you have some real charge to bring to he when he get here . man you threaten I ? SAMUEL turner one . the man flinch , lower the cane . he regards nat and Samuel with equal disdain before slinking away , pull he wife along with he . Samuel help nat to he foot . nat and the young boy catch eye long enough to see the boy 's innocent face curl into a scowl . SAMUEL turner ( cont 'd ) ( to nat ) you alright ? ( nat nod ) ( more ) ( continued ) 39 40 5/8/15 - pink 25 continued : ( 2 ) 39 SAMUEL turner ( cont 'd ) think they be higher than the almighty himself ... c'mon . Samuel walk back toward the wagon . nat eye the puppet on the ground , it 's paint brown eye stare back . ext . farmer' market - road - day 40 Samuel sit next to nat who guide the wagon away from the wood store , pass fresh fruit stand , vegetable stack on wagon , and craft booth . Business man shout toward Samuel , begging for he business . a few yard ahead a young boy ( 10 ) stand on the dirt road , bounce a wooden sign which read '' slave sale ! '' . angle on a seedy slave driver ( 50' ) who conduct a impromptu slave sale off the back of a uncover wagon . four exhausted and ragged slave stand naked on the wagon - back . a few redneck assemble . SAMUEL turner hold on . nat slow the wagon as he and Sam look on . the slave Driver slap the backside of a thin male slave . a bony nub at he right wrist , where a hand should be . the driver spin he . slave driver strong as a ox ! nothing but good seed flow from this here buck ! ( he fishhook the slave and look at they tooth ! 1/11 start this one at two-hundred ? no response . on nat who witness the spectacle . slave driver ( cont ’d ) one fifty ? ( nothing ) I gotta make livin’ here gent . dammit , a hundred ? seventy - five ? a redneck 1 raise a hand . slave driver ( cont 'd ) sold ! the Driver motion to he helper who amble over , usher the newly sell slave to the redneck . nat watch as the redneck roughly inspect he before hand over cash . ( continued ) 6/15/15 - yellow 25 a 40 continued : 40 he then fit a shackle around the slave 's neck , climb atop he horse and trot off - the slave jogging behind he . ( continued ) 40 4/9/15 - white 26 continued : 40 nat and Samuel watch the slave Driver arrive to a young woman . matted hair . a thin wear dress hang just below she knee . nat look away . slave driver ( cont ’d ) consider this comely wench ! not a day over eighteen ! we will start she at one seventy - five . a redneck # 2 tip he hat . slave driver ( cont ’d ) get one seventy - five , I hear two ? a redneck # 3 raise he hand . slave driver ( cont ’d ) now we talkin ! do I get two twenty - five ? on nat as he glance toward the bid redneck . Studies they body language . he glance to the woman , she eye deaden . redneck # 2 , again tip he hat . slave driver ( cont ’d ) two -twenty five ! I hear two -fifty ?! nat glance again to the mull redneck . then - nat massa ... that wench there have sho 's make a good weddin’ gift to Ms. Catherine . you keep sayin 's she be askin . slave driver ( 0.s. ) gimmie two-fifty ! C ’mon nah ! a long beat . until- SAMUEL turner the whole lot of ‘em look bust from here . side , she look right young if you ask I . angle on redneck # 3 who again raise he hand . slave driver ( 0.s. ) there it be ! two seventy - five ?! ( continued ) 40 4/9/15 - white 27 continued : ( 2 ) 40 nat you right , suh . she young , but with the right teachin’ , a wench like that could be work a long time . nat steal a look to Samuel who squint toward the stage . the slave Driver spin the slave woman in a circle , fondle she brest . she tense . slave driver now be you fella 's seein 's what I be see ?! take this one home , clean she up , will not be long ' fore you find yourself happier than a dog with three ball ! a few chuckle in response . he spin she back forward . slave driver ( cont ’d ) ( sotto , to slave woman ) smile bitch ! ( she weakly comply ) now come on y’all , talk to I ! ( to redneck # 2 ) you get two seventy - five for I ? redneck # 2 mull . nat massa , it would shole 's be a shame to watch she go to waste for such a low price . SAMUEL turner what you know about what 's little and what 's a lot ? nat fall quiet . SAMUEL turner ( cont 'd ) ai not sure what 's get into you , but whatever it be , you need to quit it . nat yes , suh . slave driver alright ! that 's two - fifty goin 's once ... nat glance back to the woman , when suddenly she glance up to catch he gaze . ( continued ) 40 41 5/8/15 - pink 28 continued : ( 4 ) 40 slave driver ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) goin 's twice ! nat and the woman 's eye remain lock . the slave Driver raise he hand high - SAMUEL turner ( 0.s. ) two seventy - five ! the auctioneer freeze . nat 's eye flit to Samuel in disbelief . redneck # 3 eye Samuel hard . slave driver ( ecstatic ) we get two seventy - five ! do . I hear . Three hundred ?! redneck # 2 amble off . all eye fix on redneck # 3 . slave driver ( cont ’d ) two seventy - five goin 's once ! on nat who hold he breath . slave driver ( cont ’d ) two seventy - five goin’ twice ! redneck # 3 finally spit in rebuke , turn and walk off . slave driver ( cont 'd ) and sold to the fine gentleman in the back ! nat breath relief , as he and Samuel make they way forward . ext . turner plantation - big house - day 41 the wagon grind to a stop . Samuel pull back the cowhide flap , peer into the back . he scrunches he face . nat follow he gaze . nat she will be fine , suh . SAMUEL turner hope you right . have you mama get she clean up and feed ; start break she in . nat ¥'suh . ( continued ) 41 41a 42 5/8/15 - pink 29 continued : 41 SAMUEL turner you and hark get start on that fence first thing tomorrow . nat ¥'suh . Samuel hop down , trudge toward the house . ext . slave quarter - day 4 la nat scramble to the back of the wagon , pull back the flap to reveal the woman . he reach for she and she recoil . nat I be not gonna 's hurt you . cornere , she only stare . her eye weak , but wild . nat ( cont 'd ) I be go 's climb up . help you out . that 's all . nat kneel on the back of the wagon . as he reach out to she , she lunge into a attack , bite and claw as they roll off the back of the wagon . nat struggle to protect himself as hark arrive , pull she away . she collapse to she hand and knee sobbing and exhaust . as she heave for air , nat and hark help to she foot , hurry she toward the slave quarter . int . slave quarter - nana's cabin - dusk 42 Nancy hurry a pot of water onto the stove as Bridget prepare a cot . nat steady the faint woman in he arm . BRIDGET Lay she on over here . nat comply . nat she 's burn up . Nancy pull out a pouch of herb , drop they into the boil water on the stove . BRIDGET ( to Nancy ) cut I three of that onion , yonder . bring ‘em here . ( to nat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 42 5/8/15 - pink continued : BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) go ’on and stay with hark a spell '' till we get this child right an’ on she foot . 29a 42 ( continued ) 42 43 44 4/21/15 - blue 30 continued : 42 nat yes be . as Bridget pull at the filthy dress - young woman no ! no ! this mine ! she cling to she dress . BRIDGET it 's ok baby - ( to nat ) go ‘on nah ! get. nat retreat toward the door , exit . omitted 43 ext . turner plantation - big house - day 44 nat kneel , hide in a inner corner of the front porch . he apply a fresh coat of white paint to a peel column . voice ( 0.c. ) now you just smile ya’ hear . let they do all the talkin’ . voice 2 ( 0.c . ) yes be . nat stand to find Nancy and the slave woman climb the front porch stair . she stand unrecognizable , consider the time we last see she . her caramel skin cover full , healthy feature . her hair be comb and pull into a braid . nat stand just out of they sight . Nancy knock . within second , Samuel emerge . nancy afternoon massa 's . ( xe : slave woman ) this here cherry Anne . cherry ( courtesy ) massa 's . Samuel look cherry up and down . ( continued ) 4/9/15 - white 31 44 continued : 44 SAMUEL turner they sure clean you up . ( then , into house ) Catherine ! C ’mon out here ! Samuel glance in nat 's direction . nat quickly return to work , watch from the corner of he eye . Catherine arrive . SAMUEL turner ( cont ’d ) this here be cherry Anne . cherry ( courtesy ) missus . catherine hello . ( then , realize ) she launch into a Samuel with a mammoth hug . catherine ( cont ’d ) thank you ! thank you ! thank you ! she 's perfect ! ( then , be : cherry ) cherry ... I bet they name you that because you be so sweet . cherry smile politely , Catherine grab she hand . catherine ( cont ’d ) c'mon , I want you to meet mama . Catherine and cherry disappear inside , follow by Samuel . Nancy stand on the porch for a beat . as she turn - nat ( 0.s. ) mama . nancy ( turn , startle ) Boy , you scared I . nat sorry . ( then ) thank you . nancy for what ? nat for get she better . make she so beautiful . for ( continued ) 44 45 continued : 4/21/15 - blue 32 ( 2 ) 44 nancy I do not do nothin’ . that child be bring into this world already as beautiful as she could be . but you know that already , huh ? nat smile . nancy ( cont 'd ) Love you , nat . nat Love you , mama . Nancy descend the stair . a beat before nat return to work . ext . turner plantation - big house - day ( steadi ) 45 guile prep a cover wagon . Catherine hug Janice as Samuel look on . Catherine isaiah load a arm full of bag in the wagon - back . janice we shol 's be sad to see you and the missus go . catherine oh , we will be just down the road . after we get good and settle , we will be back to visit . Sunday for church and that . SAMUEL turner wo not be a second too soon . playfully jab he in the arm . SAMUEL turner ( cont 'd ) I be messin . ( then , sotto ) you need anything , or he be not treatin’ ya right , you let I know . catherine yes , '' big brother '' . ( they embrace ) Love ya . SAMUEL turner you too . guile help Catherine onto the wagon as cherry guide Elizabeth through the screen door . ( continued ) 4/9/15 - white 33 45 continued : 45 SAMUEL turner ( cont ’d ) you ready mama ? elizabeth turner I be worried about you , Sam . it 's a big place to be here all alone . SAMUEL turner I will be fine . they embrace . guile help Elizabeth onto the wagon as cherry climb into the back . guile reese well , guess we will be get on . SAMUEL turner all right , then . they give you any trouble ... do not bring ‘em back here . a share laugh . as guile climb up , nat arrive with two pail of horse feed . nat massa sam. ( xe : feed ) for they trip . Samuel eye the two bucket , then . SAMUEL turner just one . 46 ext . turner plantation - back of wagon - moment later 46 nat pull back the canvas flap , see cherry sit on a wooden box . they eye connect . he load the bucket of feed . nat hi . cherry hi. nat I be nat . cherry I know . nat pull a small bouquet of flower from beneath he shirt , offer they . she accept . ( continued ) 46 47 48 5/8/15 - pink 34 continued : 46 cherry ( cont 'd ) they pretty . nat found they around here . cherry thank you . nat nod , offer a gentle smile before he back out . nat stand on the dirt road , watch the wagon ride away . voice ( v.0 . ) and the rib , which the Lord God have take from man , make he a woman , and bring she unto the man ... ext . slave quarter - day 47 angle on a straw broom until two pair of feet hop over it and into frame . wider to reveal hark and a beautiful woman ester ( 20' ) . a dozen slave stand and clap as hark and ester kiss . a fiddler strike up a tune and the other slave form two parallel row . nelson ( 18 ) , ester 's brother clap , as she dance down the middle . hark pull nat onto the dance path and they dance down the path together . ext . slave quarter - dusk 48 its dusk . hark sit on a hollow log . nat approach . hark hey , nat . nat hey , brother ... nat take a seat next to he . nat ( cont 'd ) should not you be somewhere get to know you new wife ? hark I will be get there directly ... nat it be beautiful today . ester be a good woman . hark study the smolder fire . ( continued ) 48 49 4/9/15 - white 35 continued : 48 hark I be scared , nat ... nat of what ? ( playful ) ester ? hark naw ... it 's just , I be not never have no need to look after nothing or nobody but massa 's horse and pig . now I get a wife . and when she go on and get the ' big belly , I x11 have that child too . nat pull a measure breath , gather he word . nat the Bible say , '' take therefore no think for the morrow : for the morrow shall take think for the thing of itself . '' ( xe : hark 's blank look ) means worry be not go 's do you no good . trust in the Lord , and try to live you best for he , right now . and speak of right now , you need to go and see to you wife , ' fore she go and change she mind . hark stand , noticeably relieved . a strong embrace before he head off . on nat , he confidence fade slightly , as he study the float ember . int . barn / slave church - day 49 nat stand before a dozen brown face . nat just as the plant crop be harvest in its own time , so too have the Lord plant we ... the back door open and several slave walk in . the last of they be cherry . nat stammer as he watch take she seat . nat ( cont ’d ) yes . the good Lord ... ( glance to he Bible ) ++. the good Lord will finish he work in we . ( then , rush ) ( more ) ( continued ) 5/8/15 — pink 36 49 continued : 49 nat ( cont 'd ) as I close , I urge you , brother and sister to take heart . for God be at work in you life . and he will not relent until the job be do . amen ? all amen - nat dismiss . 50 ext . turner plantation - big house - day 50 nat and cherry arrive to a arching oak . nat lie down he vest for cherry . they sit . nat I be happy to see you . cherry I be happy to see you . nat you look beautiful . cherry thank you ... nat so much time pass ... I battle thought that you might have be sell off ... ( then ) how be it there ? cherry it 's fine . nothing like what I come from ' for here . most day I be just tend to missus Elizabeth , or fetchin’ this or that for miss Catherine . nat you know if ya will be come back next week for church ? cherry I know as much as you . I s’pose if missus be suggestin’ and massa reese do not mind the trip . ( continued ) 50 4/9/15 - white 37 continued : 50 nat I surely would not want to wait another season to see you . cherry I neither ... they study each other , spellbound . nat extend he hand to she . angle on a cloth wrapped object . cherry eye nat before unwrap it to reveal nat 's wooden tribal relic . nat my nana get it from my granddaddy . she bring it here when she be take from Africa . cherry Africa ? nat ( nod ) she keep it hide . Said it be the one thing that keep she mind free . cherry it 's pretty . she offer it back . nat I want you to have it . ( then ) in case I do not see you for a while , you will have somethin’ remind you of I . cherry I do not know if it 's right I take it . ' side I do not have nothin’ to give you to remind you of I . nat I spend all my time think about you already . a freeze moment as they stare and smile . until - catherine ( 0.c. ) cherry ?! cherry slowly stand . a warm smile before she disappear toward the Big House . we stay with nat as he look and long after she . 51 6/15/15 - yellow 38 ext . reese plantation - night 51 a farm house stand adjacent to a small barn - both set before a vast field . we spot cherry who empty plate into a slop bucket near the back door . she suddenly stop , turn . cherry who 's there ? cherry 's Pov as she gaze into a thicket of tree until - nat slowly emerge from the treeline atop the coal black horse , jupiter . cherry nearly drop the plate . nat climb down . cherry ( cont 'd ) nat ? what you do here ? no answer . nat walk boldly to she , he eye glue to hers . he lean in , kiss she softly on she lip . nat I shoulda 's do that earlier today . cherry you come here to kiss I ? nat slowly sink to one knee . nat I be not get much . the Lord . my faith . mamma . nana . up until now , it be enough . ( beat ) cherry , I would feel right honore if you would be my wife . I would treat you right . I would protect you with my life ... if you have have I . cherry ( smile ) yes . I will . nat rise . kiss she lip again . cherry ( cont 'd ) what now ? nat I will talk it over with Samuel . get a cabin set up for we . ( continued ) 51 52 53 54 4/21/15 - blue 39 continued : 51 cherry ok . a final kiss before nat slowly back away from she , shadow engulf he into the night . cherry smile , breath deep , as if for the first time . ext . slave quarter - day 52 nat and cherry be knelt in front of Bridget who pray fervently . Nancy , hark , ester and a few other '' lay hand '' on nat and cherry 's shoulder praying along silently in support . int . slave quarter - nat 's cabin - ( night ) 53 nat and cherry be in nat 's cabin . he gently kiss she as they make love . ext . turner plantation - big house - day 54 reverend walthall climb the porch step . as he grab the railing , it come off into he hand . he carefully replace it , continue to the door and knock . Samuel arrive , push open the screen door . SAMUEL turner reverend . what bring you around this part during the week ? would not expect to see you till Sunday . rev . walthall there 's never a wrong time to bring a bless to a brother in Christ . SAMUEL turner oh , Lord . be this blessin’ gonna cost I money ? rev . walthall ha ! not a penny . the contrary in fact . Sam join he on the porch . they sit on adjacent rocker . SAMUEL turner isaiah ! run some water out here . rev . walthall gin , if you please . ( continued ) 4/9/15 - white 40 54 continued : 54 isaiah ( fom inside ) yes ’suh . rev . walthall I put the word out about you preacher . get a couple farmer willing to turn a good coin . SAMUEL turner that right ? isaiah serve the drink , before disappear into the house . SAMUEL turner ( cont ’d ) how much they offer . rev . walthall a bit . and this day every bit count . ( then ) if you boy do to this fella 's like , you could bounce back from the drought , pay off some debt . soon enough , find yourself riding the gravy train with biscuit wheel . Samuel stare off as he consider . SAMUEL turner whereabouts be we talkin’ . rev . walthall all in southampton to start . SAMUEL turner a all I gotta do be have nat preach ? rev . walthall that 's it . ( beat ) now , I be not vouching for the character of this fella , what business they run or how , I be just tell you there 's a opportunity here , one you get the mean to capitalize on . SAMUEL turner ( finally nod ) sound good enough . ( continued ) 5/8/15 - pink 41 54 continued : ( 2 ) 54 rev . walthall alright , then . i’1l send you the detail name , location and date by tomorrow . SAMUEL turner you already book the date ? rev . walthall I figure you would say yes . SAMUEL turner you be go mighty far outta you way make sure my cabinet be stock full . what 's in all this for you . rev . walthall just the joy of know I be help my fellow brother . and ... SAMUEL turner here it come ... rev . walthall if I be to receive a '' gift offer '' follow the successful completion of such trip , I certainly would not object . a share smile . SAMUEL turner you be a caution reverend . rev . walthall I be but a servant . ( then , rise ) first trip have be day after tomorrow , if you can pony up by then . SAMUEL turner should not be a problem . rev . walthall good . the man shake hand before Rev. walthall climb into he carriage . his slave snap the rein and Samuel watch the carriage advance down the driveway . 4/21/15 - blue 42 55 ext . turner plantation - big house - morning 55 nat load the last of supplies onto the wagon . Bridget stand close . Nancy arrive with a cloth sack . nancy get some salt pork and tomato in here , for when you get hungry . nat thanks , mama . ( then ) if miss Catherine bring cherry on Sunday , tell she I will be back directly . Nancy nod solemnly . nat ( cont ’d ) do not y’all go get worried , now . i’1l be back soon enough . BRIDGET I know . the Lord bless you , child . at that , nat wrap Nancy and Bridget into a hug before head off . 56 ext . landscape - day ( birdseye ) 56 -- aerial shot of the wagon as it make its way across the Eastern Virginia landscape . 57 ext . randall plantation - MAIN house - day 57 as nat guide the wagon toward a prosperous estate , he be meet by a slave jasper ( 13 , tatter clothes , rail thin ) . jasper you marse Turner 's nigger ? nat I be nat. ( be : back of wagon ) master Turner be restin’ in here . jasper crane he neck to see inside . he eye nat suspiciously , then - jasper come on . ( continued ) 57 4/21/15 - blue 43 continued : 57 jasper lead they toward the porch stair of the main house , before disappear inside . Samuel emerge . look around . SAMUEL turner we here ? nat yes 's suh . a youngin’ just go inside to fetch mister randall . second later a plump man , joseph randall ( 50' ) emerge , follow by a muscular house servant abner ( 40' ) and jasper . joseph randall Sam Turner . you make it . and right on time . randall stick out he hand . Samuel shake it . angle on abner who stare dagger into nat . joseph randall ( cont 'd ) Joseph randall . ( xe : house servant ) this here 's abner . the little one there 's jasper . ( then , be : nat ) this the ' nigger preacher 's ? SAMUEL turner ( to nat ) nat ? nat evenin 's suh - joseph randall a little young be not he ? SAMUEL turner he 's old enough . be studyin’ the Word a while . joseph randall study ? Hell , I can barely train my nigger to learn they own name ... c’mon . 4/21/15 - blue 44 57a ext . randall plantation - day 57a Samuel and nat follow Joseph , jasper and abner along a wood path . Joseph walk and talk . joseph randall it 's hard time for small farmer like you and myself . break even be hard enough , gettin’ ahead be impossible . to save some , I cut ‘em down to a meal a day , per head . a few of ‘em start gettin’ fidgety , so I have abner come down on ‘em . the group approach a dilapidate barn , a padlock secure the door from the outside . Joseph stop short . joseph randall ( cont ’d ) Day or so back , have a few quit on work if ya’ can believe it . would not even come out the quarter . so I lock ‘em up , the lot of ‘em . hope the heat and hunger would bring about they sense . all that say , abner here 's provin 's my only real protection . Joseph turn to nat . joseph randall ( cont 'd ) now , they need to mind I , so you speak on that . they treasure in heaven from submittin’ and all . ( then ) if they get to moan and carry on , do not pay ‘em no mind . they lazy as all hell and will do anything to get out of work . joseph randall ( cont 'd ) you ready , boy ? SAMUEL turner he 's ready . with that abner key open the padlock ; open the barn door . 58 int . randall plantation - barn - day 58 Joseph and abner lead nat and Samuel in . abner light a lantern . under its glow , we see nearly a dozen emaciated slave - man , woman and child . they scatter deep into a corner . nat 's jaw drop . ( continued ) ahr rf * 6/15/15 - yellow 44a 58 continued : 58 joseph randall listen up . get a preacher here f'yall . ( to nat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 58 59 4/21/15 - blue 45 continued : ( 2 ) 58 joseph randall ( cont 'd ) come here , boy . ( nat slowly approach ) he 's a nigger just like yall , and be go to talk to you about the Lord . listen to he and you just might make it to heaven , ya hear ? Joseph rejoin Samuel and abner , leave nat stand in the center of the room . nat look to Samuel who look away . through sad eye , nat study the sea of skeletal face and fester whip wound . he swallow , peel open he Bible . nat ... Brothers and sister . ( be : slave , unblink I lead you to 1 Peter 2:18 : slave ... submit yourselves to you master with all respect , not only to that who be good and considerate ... but also to that who be hars ! nat glance toward randall who smile and nod he on . ext . randall plantation - big house - dusk 59 nat pull the wagon to the front , just as Samuel and Joseph descend the porch stair . abner trail a few step back . joseph randall you sure you do not want to stay the night ? get some fine brandy and a couple of choice wench in the cellar . we can get abner to strike up the fiddle , sit around the fire and tell old lie . just then , randall 's daughter lilly ( 9 ) emerge from inside . she don a white dress with a match ribbon in she hair . as she gleefully descend the stair , we notice a tweed rope in she grip . we follow its length to the opposite end to find - it 's tie around the neck of a nine year old slave girl . the slave child giggle as she follow lilly to the front yard where they frolic through a game of follow the leader . angle on nat who watch on , abash . SAMUEL turner we best be gettin’ back before nightfall . ( continued ) ae 6/15/15 - yellow 45 a 59 continued : 59 joseph randall alright , suit yourself . ( continued ) 59 60 5/8/15 - pink 46 continued : ( 2 ) 59 SAMUEL turner but I would take a bottle of whiskey if you can spare it . joseph randall sure can . abner disappear inside . randall produce a wad of bill , hand it to Samuel . he study it a beat , before pockete . joseph randall ( cont 'd ) you be a smart man , Sam . bound to make a fortune off that boy . ( extend he hand ) good do business with ya . SAMUEL turner ( shake ) sure . as Samuel climb onto the front of the wagon , abner return , hand he a bottle of whiskey . angle on abner his eye lock tight on nat . nat hold he gaze until he spot jasper further down the road wave goodbye . nat snap the rein and the wagon lurch forward . Samuel waste no time pop the cork on the whiskey , pull a desperate swig . int . slave quarter - nat 's cabin - ( night ) 60 a wooden muddler mix grease in a wooden bowl . a hand scoops at the substance and we follow it to reveal cherry apply it to nat 's back . she rub at he muscle as he stare absently into the flame of the fireplace . cherry you alright ? nat nod , he eye settle on cherry 's dress drape across a wooden table across the room . nat that dress there . that the one you be wear that day ? cherry yes . nat mama do not offer you one of hers ? ( continued ) hhh hhh 5/8/15 - pink 46a 60 continued : 60 cherry she do . ( continued ) 60 5/8/15 - pink 47 continued : ( 2 ) 60 nat look to cherry puzzle . a beat before cherry rise , grab the dress before return to bed . she flip the bottom hem to reveal a square patch sewn into the fabric . a closer look to reveal two name and a date . nat ( read ) abigail hayne cherry my momma . nat madison hayne . who 's that ? cherry that 's I . ( beat ) my momma put this dress on I the day they take I from she . show I this here patch . told I to never forget who I be . that I have a momma . and that she be somewhere missin 's I and lovin’ I . I be thirteen . nat I can call you madison if you like ? cherry you can call I whatever you want . nat I will call you Queen . cherry smile a beat before she look turn solemn . nat ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? cherry +++ we gonna have a baby . nat a baby ? you sure ? cherry nod . nat slowly swing he foot off the bedside , close he eye . cherry you mad ? nat mad ? naw . ( continued ) 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 5/8/15 - pink 48 continued : ( 3 ) 60 he pull she into a tight hug nat ( cont 'd ) I be not mad . he hold she close . we push in on nat , feeling the weight of he fortune . montage ext . country road - day 61 -- nat and Samuel navigate the wagon on a country road . int . slave barn / church - nat 's cabin - day 62 a very pregnant cherry lie with nat as she sound out word from the bible . nat smile , nod approval . omitted 63 omitted 64 ext . slave quarter - nana 's cabin - day 65 cherry sleep alone in a bed . wide to reveal nat in nana 's rock chair . he hold a infant baby girl . ext . fowler plantation - day 66 nat pull the wagon in front . Samuel look around . SAMUEL turner wait here . he drop from the wagon , approach the front door . nat climb down , stroke Jupiter 's mane when the horse suddenly backtrack , spook . nat instinctively turn to find - a german shepherd race toward he , full tilt ! ( continued ) 66 67 5/8/15 - pink 49 continued : 66 nat fall to the ground , scurries backwards . just as the dog lunge , canine peel - he 's yank back . the dog fight against the weight of a choke chain , inch from nat who retreat , pin against the wagon wheel . nat glance up to find hank fowler ( early 30' , a wad of chew wedge between rotted tooth ) . a bullwhip rest on one side of he hip , a pistol stow against he other . hank fowler ( calm ) nigger , what you do on my land ? Samuel arrive as nat pull himself to he foot . SAMUEL turner he 's with I . hank fowler who the hell be you ? SAMUEL turner Samuel Turner . reverend walthall send we . hank fowler you the fella with the nigger preacher . hank regards nat with a smug grin . hank fowler ( cont 'd ) you lucky , boy . I like to have let buster rip yo 's ass to bit . ( then , to Samuel ) c'mon . let 's go find Earl . hank , dog close , head toward the tobacco field . Samuel and nat follow . ext . fowler plantation - tobacco field - day 67 hank lead Samuel and nat across the plantation grounds toward the tobacco field . hank fowler niggers be nigger , here . we do not treat none no different than another . preacher or no preacher . we get rule . ( more ) ( continued ) 67 68 5/8/15 - pink 50 continued : 67 hank fowler ( cont 'd ) the cost of breakin’ ‘em : stealin 's sassin 's - or any other thing Earl or I think be worth dealin’ with 's 1l be pay for in skin . you interfere with that , we will shoot you where you stand . hank stop , lock eye with Samuel hank fowler ( cont 'd ) any problem with that , you can stop right now and go on back to where you come from . nat look to Samuel who do not budge . hank fowler ( cont 'd ) good . prelap crack ! crack ! crack ! ext . fowler plantation - tobacco field - day 68 hank , Samuel and nat arrive to find earl fowler ( early 40 's ) on horseback , hurl he whip down at toil slave . the whip snap like gunfire inch from the ear of man , woman and child as they pull leave from the tobacco plant . crack ! crack ! earl fowler come on ! crack ! earl fowler ( cont 'd ) c'mon , nah ! crack ! the whip crack near the ear of a slave teen male . the teen pick faster . Earl dismount , holster he whip . hank fowler Earl , this here 's Sam Turner . fella with the nigger preacher . Earl hardly glance in they direction . a long beat until he dismount , lock in on Samuel earl fowler where you say y’all come from ? ( continued ) 68 69 4/9/15 - white 51 continued : 68 SAMUEL turner here in southampton . South of nottaway . earl fowler nottaway huh ? ... lotta yankee makin 's they way down that part . come down here , rabble-rousin’ , stir shit on we way of life . a quiet standoff as Earl lock eye with Samuel , until - a overseer arrive on horseback , pull hank aside . then - hank fowler Earl , get a little problem . int . fowler plantation - barn - back room - moment later 69 Earl and hank push in . nat and Samuel freeze in the doorway , they eye fix on something we do not yet see . earl fowler ( 0.s. ) which one ? hank fowler ( 0.s. ) that one there . earl fowler ( 0.s. ) how long ? hank fowler ( 0.s. ) Said it 's be ' bout a day or so . reverse to reveal two male slave chain to the wall . one wear a iron collar , bell on the tip of its reach horn . a scar bend from he temple to he cheek . the other wear a iron mask , saliva seeping from its side . Earl square up with the latter , unlatch he mask . the break slave can hardly stand . earl fowler you be not go 's eat ? no response . Earl grab the nearby bowl of cornmush , put the spoon to the slave 's mouth . he turn away . earl fowler ( cont ’d ) aight. ( then , more to himself ) if it be not one thing , it 's the other . ( continued ) 69 70 4/9/15 - white 52 continued : 69 Earl push past nat and out of the room . on nat as he study the torture man . Earl return carry a thick chisel , hammer and funnel . earl fowler ( cont 'd ) ( to Samuel ) you wonderin’ why we could use that nigger of yours , you be see it first hand . earl fowler ( cont ’d ) ( to hank ) open he mouth . grab that cornmeal . nat and Samuel watch on horrify , as Earl hammer out the male slave 's tooth . earl fowler ( cont 'd ) if it be not the yank , it 's the drought ... hank hold the slave 's mouth open , as Earl force the cornmeal through the funnel and into the man 's throat . blood , tooth and cornmeal seep as he gag . earl fowler ( cont ’d ) if it be not the drought , it 's goddamn mutiny . Earl wipe he hand , regards nat without miss a beat . earl fowler ( cont 'd ) Truth be , even the meanest nigger fear the gospel . a good word from you boy here ... a discipline word might go a lot further than my pistol would . SAMUEL turner well , nat ... he 's a good preacher . earl fowler do not right mind how good he be . ( point ) Long as he say what he s’pose to . ext . fowler plantation - front porch - day 70 nat stand on the wooden porch flanke by Earl who cradle a shotgun . Samuel be a bit further back . a dozen slave stare wide - eye . in the bg hank lead a shackle slave to join the other . this be will ( 30 's , the scar- face slave we recognize from previous scene ) . ( continued ) 70 4/9/15 - white 53 continued : 70 will stand marre and exhaust , he tremble leg struggle to support he body . nat regards the assembly , then turn to Earl , eye avert . nat ( low ) Mr. fowler , suh . regard my sermon , my plan be to foment in they concupiscence for song . earl concup what ? Samuel , out of earshot , look on with grow concern . nat massa I be askin’ if you 's oppose to I use singin’ to keep yo’ nigger down ? as mean to sing away any ' malignance . 's earl fowler that 's fine . ai not get no quarrel with singin’ . Long as it do not interfere with they workin’ . nat yes , suh . thank you , suh . nat turn to the slave , he subservience thaws , he jaw tightening slightly . nat ( cont ’d ) Brethren ... I pray you sing to the Lord a new song . sing praise in the assembly of the righteous . let the saint be joyful in glory ; let they sing aloud on they bed . let the high praise of God be in the mouth of the saint , and a two - edge sword in they hand , to execute vengeance on the demonic nation , and punishment on that people ! nat build , as Samuel study Earl , who watch on seemingly oblivious to nat 's innuendo . nat ( cont 'd ) to bind they king with chain , and they noble with fetter of iron ; to execute on they this write judgment — ( continued ) 70 7 5/8/15 - pink 54 continued : ( 2 ) 70 crowd member observe , rapt . will glance toward nat . nat ( cont 'd ) this honor have all his saint ! praise the Lord ! sing to him a new song ! crowd member - hallelujah ! - amen ! - yes Lord ! on nat , regain he bearing . a female voice os start up a spiritual . ext . reese plantation - back house - day 71 cherry pump water from a well near the forest 's edge . as she fill a bucket , she hear a SOUND . she glance up to see - cobb , eye glue on hers . cobb what you do out so late , girl ? cherry evenin 's , suh . I be just pull water for the missus . cobb I do not suppose you get a pass anywhere under that purty dress ? cherry no suh . I belong to massa guile and this here he property . cobb you sassin 's I , girl ? cherry no suh . cobb anybody that know nothing , know state law say '' if a nigger be less than ten pace from the treeline , that nigger need a pass . '' cherry eye the treeline , which lie only a few foot away . cherry well suh , I can go get one - ( continued ) 7 72 73 5/8/15 - pink 55 continued : 71 cobb you aint goin 's no where . either you be gonna show I a pass ... or you go 's show I something else . cobb take a step forward . cherry step back , right into- jesse another of cobb 's man emerge from the tree surround she . off cobb 's contort smile , we - CUT to : omitted 72 ext . turner plantation - big house - dusk 73 isaiah pull a robe tight as he reach the front door . he open it to find nat , distraught . isaiah step onto the porch , close the door behind he . they speak in whisper . nat I need to talk to Samuel . isaiah Samuel have retire for the evenin’ . nat cherry 's be hurt . I need a pass to go see she . ( continued ) 73 74 748 5/8/15 - pink 56 continued : 73 isaiah I just say , he 's retire . nat and I just say cherry , my wife , you sister in Christ have be hurt - isaiah it 's go to have to wait till mornin’ . nat isaiah , if you do not go get Samuel , right now , I be gonna go get he myself . isaiah and what if he do not let you go ? ( xe : nat 's no answer ) let I guess , you gonna go anyway ? ( no answer ) nat , I be real sorry for whatever happen to cherry , but you can not run around here with you chest poke out make demand . we be nigger ! I would have think you would learn by now . nat we be not nigger , isaiah . we man . I would have think you have learn that by now . and with that , nat reach past isaiah , open the door and stride into the house . int . turner plantation - big house - stair - dusk 74 nat bound the stair , isaiah race to get in front . Janice emerge from she quarter , isaiah wave she back in . at the top of the stair , isaiah cut off nat 's path . isaiah ( harsh whisper ) alright , damn it ! I x11 get he . int . turner plantation - big house - SAMUEL be room - dusk 742 Samuel lie pass out in he clothes . liquor bottle litter the night stand . a soft knock wake he . isaiah ( 0.s. ) master Sam ? suh ? ( continued ) 6/15/15 - yellow 56A 74k continued : 74 k Sam stir . SAMUEL turner what ? ( continued ) continued : 4/21/15 - blue 57 ( 2 ) isaiah ( 0.s. ) ( he best docile voice ) I be so sorry to disturb you , suh , but nat need to speak to you . something awful have happen . SAMUEL turner whatever it be , tell he I x11 get to it in mornin’ . silence , until - isaiah ( 0.s. ) suh ? ( xe : no answer ) suh ? if you could just see nat for one moment - SAMUEL turner God damn it isaiah ... ( swing he foot off the side of the bed ) tell he I ' 1l meet he on the porch . nat ( 0.s. ) I be right here , suh . SAMUEL turner ( beat ) well you might as well come in . isaiah push the door open . Samuel lie on the bed fully clothed . he swing he leg off the side of the bed . isaiah enter with a hesitant smile . nat follow , take in the room he have not be in since he captivity be extend . isaiah again , suh , I be so sorry - SAMUEL turner what 's wrong nat ? nat just get word from reese 's farm . cherry ... she 's be hurt real bad . SAMUEL turner hurt ? nat yes , suh ... a group of man ... ( continued ) * ah ae hhh 6/15/15 - yellow 57a 748 continued : ( 3 ) 748 SAMUEL turner when would this happen ? ( continued ) 5/8/15 - pink 58 748 continued : ( 4 ) 748 nat some time yesterday I reckon 's . SAMUEL turner ( beat ) isaiah , fetch I some paper . isaiah promptly snap to . SAMUEL turner ( cont 'd ) do not you go down there stirrin’ up trouble ? take Jupiter , stay the night , get on back in the mornin’ . nat yes ’suh . isaiah arrive with paper and pen . Samuel jot a note and hand it off to nat . nat ( cont 'd ) thank you , suh . nat exit , follow by isaiah who smile , bow as he exit . 75 ext . country road - night 75 nat ride like a man possess , pull every bit of speed possible from the colt . 76 int . reese plantation - servant quarter - night 76 cherry 's bed sit drape by a translucent mosquito net . Elizabeth , eye wet , sway nearby in a rock chair , joanna asleep in she arm . she still as nat follow Catherine . on nat who halt when he see the bed , its content silhouett by the netting . catherine we be prayin 's for she , nat . all of we . ( beat ) monster ... nat approach the bedside , he pull at the net 's open to reveal - cherry . her face swollen and unrecognizable . ( continued ) ahhh hof * 76 7 continued : off nat , omitted God 's go to punish whoever do 5/8/15 - pink elizabeth this . he will ... catatonic , we - ( 0.8. fade 58a we 76 77 78 79 5/8/15 - pink 59 ext . field - day ( vision 2 ) 78 nat 's Pov as he squeeze a ear of corn . blood gush over he hand . int . reese plantation - servant quarter - ( night ) 79 tight on cherry 's silhouett profile as she stir . nat part the drape netting , move close to she . her lip move slightly within she bloat face . cherry nat . nat Love . cherry I be sorry . nat no . you do not apologize . you do not owe that to anyone . cherry joanna ok ? nat she 's here . she just fine . cherry do not want she to see I like this . nat she do not know no better . ( then ) cherry , I need you to tell I who do this to ya . I be gonna take care of it , ya hear . on my soul . ( continued ) 5/8/15 — pink 60 79 continued : 79 cherry '' put up again thy sword into he place : for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword . '' you teach I that . ( beat ) I need you here . joanna too . promise you will leave this to the Lord . promise . nat I promise . he gently kiss she cheek , use a nearby sponge to dab sweat from she brow . 80 omitted 80 ( continued ) 5/8/15 - pink 61 80 continued : 80 81 ext . turner plantation - big house - porch - day 81 nat arrive to find Samuel pace on the porch . ( continued ) 5/8/15 - pink 62 81 continued : 81 nat you want to see I suh ? SAMUEL turner yeah ... ( then ) cherry alright ? nat I believe she will be . SAMUEL turner good . not many would have let you go , but . nat thank ya , suh . SAMUEL turner I be have a get together tonight for some important people . kind like when daddy be alive . ( then ) I be go 's want you , couple of other , in the house . you get experience with servin’ and respect with the help . nat yes ’suh . SAMUEL turner can not tell ya’ how important this be for all of we . we get this xight , the Turner name will mean something again . we will be back on top . nat yes , suh . and Samuel disappear into the house . 82 omitted 82 ( continued ) 82 83 5/8/15 - pink 63 continued : 82 int . turner plantation - big house - dine room - later 83 nat and isaiah hold silver trays of hor d'oeuvre . isaiah wear a curl periwig . several well - to - do guest populate the dinner table . we see Elizabeth , Catherine and guile . we recognize reverend walthall , as well as Joseph randall and he wife ( 60' ) . general child ( 50 's a commander of the state militia ) be also present , he wife and daughter ( 20' ) at he flank . she eye Samuel seductively . Samuel manage a nervous smile before clinking he fork against a crystal glass . the room settles . SAMUEL turner as you know , this annual dinner be a tradition of my daddy year ago . for all he believe , he make sure family , faith and tradition be at the top of he priority list . now , near twenty year later , the same priority have keep this property afloat . joseph randall that , and a cash cow of a color preacher . a few chuckle . ( continued ) 83 84 5/8/15 - pink 64 continued : 83 SAMUEL turner all right , that too . Samuel smile , nod to reverend walthall , who wink back . Samuel raise he glass high . SAMUEL turner ( cont 'd ) May God continue to bless we for more generation to come . guest here , here ! SAMUEL turner nat , lead we in prayer . all bow they head , eye close . nat look to the servant , at the perimeter of the table , then to the guest . he study they pasty , smile face . nat pray directly to they , he eye OPEN . nat heavenly Father , we come to thank you for you word and you will . we understand it be write that '' Eye hath not see , nor ear hear - neither have enter into the heart of man , the thing which God hath prepare for they , that love he . '' we pray for and thank you for you protection and you promise that in we obedience , you will be a enemy to we enemy that you will oppose that who oppose we . isaiah 's eye snap open , rack to nat . nat ( cont 'd ) continue to guide we oh , Lord and we will continue to follow . through fire and tribulation , we will push forward , recognize you alone as we source and strength . in you Holy name we pray ... all amen . int . turner plantation - big house - dine room - later 84 the party have wound down . the woman have retire , leave only a group of inebriated man , Samuel be the worst off . Samuel covertly signal isaiah who step forward with a tray of cigar . ( continued ) 84 5/8/15 - pink 65 continued : 84 SAMUEL turner isaiah , here , serve President Jackson once . general child that right ? isaiah yes , suh . SAMUEL turner tell he isaiah . isaiah ( as he serve ) during the war of 1812 . for a time , I be he personal servant . we call he '' ewo nan nouvelle orléan . '' ( be : they blank stare ) '' the hero of New Orleans . '' general child ( boorish ) and now you be here serve I . child hold up he glass . a awkward beat as isaiah move to he , fill he glass . Samuel , sense the discomfort , signal nat who step forward , set a bowl of peppercorn on the table . Samuel drop three into he glass of port wine . SAMUEL turner daddy always sai ( sotto ) '' Three black peppercorn to a glass of port , and you get yourself a excellent digestive . '' ester bring coffee as the man talk . Joseph randall eye she closely . joseph randall Black be always tasty ... especially a nice piece of black meat . juicy . sweet ... as she pour for Joseph randall , he run he hand up she dress . she casually step back from he reach . nat notice . guile reese pepper in my port be worth a try . but fornication of that kind . frankly , I find it uncivilize . ( continued ) 84 5/8/15 - pink 65a continued : ( 2 ) 84 Joseph randall blindly reach back toward ester , rub he hand along a leg . he glance toward the leg to find a pant - cover leg . his eye dart up to find nat wear a wry smile . randall recoil , turn sheepishly back to he drink . ( continued ) ae 84 85 86 continued : 5/8/15 - pink ( 3 ) general child give it time , son . I suspect it will not be long before you find yourself slip from the banal chaise to find a tastier treat in mammy 's harem . SAMUEL turner when that day come , make sure you have some money save . cus 's if my sister catch you and toss you out , you will not be come to stay here . and another round of laugh . omitted ext . slave quarter - hark 's cabin - night 66 84 85 86 nat arrive to find hark guard he front door , argue with isaiah . they speak in whisper . nat what 's go on ? hark I be not doin 's it nat ! I have have ‘em lynch I first . nat doin 's what ? nat look to isaiah who hang he head . isaiah one of Samuel 's guest ... have request ester . nat requested she for what ? ( xe : isaiah 's look ) no. just go and tell Samuel . he x11 straighten this out . isaiah Samuel send I personally . ( continued ) 5/8/15 - pink 67 86 continued : 86 hark I can not do it nat . I will not . ( to isaiah ) who the hell you think you be ?! isaiah you think I want to come out here for this ?! hark you here be not ya ?! you would sell you soul if a white man tell you ! nat abruptly beeline for the Big House . isaiah nat ! 87 ext . big house - back porch - moment later 87 isaiah catch up to nat , who stride toward the back door . as they reach the back step , the door swing open to reveal Samuel . he stumble toward they . SAMUEL turner where be she ? isaiah oh , I be fetchin’ she directly , suh - nat Samuel , please . you can not do this . SAMUEL turner the hell I can not ! Joseph randall appear at the door , grip a glass of wine . joseph randall everything alright ? ( continued ) 87 88 89 5/8/15 - pink 68 continued : 87 SAMUEL turner everything 's just fine . 1/11 be inside directly . joseph randall hope you will not be alone . SAMUEL turner I certainly will not be . Joseph randall disappear inside . on Samuel , full of rage . SAMUEL turner ( cont 'd ) Boy , you mess this up for I , my hand to God , I will have every goddamn one of ya’ lynched come mornin 's ! * ( then to isaiah ) * fetch she . now ! ext . turner plantation - night 88 nat , Nelson and hark watch isaiah walk ester to the Big House . she glance back , eye fill with sorrow , hark 's with shame . * ext . turner plantation - night 89 nat sit lean against a tree . look out at - hark , who stand in the exact spot we last see he , he eye fix on the Big House . a few long moment pass , before - the back door of the Big House open . ester slowly emerge . she notice hark and slow to a stop , hang she head . hark close the gap , take she into he arm . as hark walk she towards the slave quarter . * hark * where be he , nat ? where God now ? * angle on nat * something change behind he eye . * 90 91 4/9/15 - white 69 ext . turner plantation - day 90 we open on a thick log , propped up on a tree stump . thwack ! a axe split the log in two , it tumble off the stump . widen to find nat , as he place another log on the stump . thwack ! he glance up to find a white dove perch on the nearby fence - post . nat squint at the bird which seem to look directly at he . further away , hark cross , push a wheelbarrow . nat hark . no response , as hark continue on , he eye fix forward . as nat watch hark trudge away - voice ( 0.s. ) Excuse I . nat turn to find a white man etheldred '' e.t . '' brantley ( 5u' ) , hat in hand . E.T. brantley I be look for a preacher call nat . int . turner plantation - big house - foyer - later 91 nat stand before Elizabeth and jethro . just past nat , brantley mull on the other side of the screen door . nat he 's be ban from every church in the county for he sin - jethro he 's lucky it 's all he get for what he do . nat the world have its way with deal with the immoral . above all , that who cast that immorality onto child as he have . but , no one be without sin , miss Elizabeth . ( let that settle ) this man want to repent and be deliver . as a shepherd of the Lord , it 's my duty to serve ... so , I would like to baptise he . ( continued ) 91 4/9/15 - white 70 continued : 91 jethro the hell you will ! elizabeth turner jethro , you will mind you mouth . jethro with respect , Ms. Elizabeth , a nigger can not baptise no white man . ( xe : she no response ) I just think you should wait for Mr. Samuel to get back . Elizabeth study nat . jethro ( cont 'd ) Ms. Elizabeth , you can not let this go on - elizabeth turner jethro , go wait in the front yard . jethro but mar ’am - elizabeth turner I will not ask you again . jethro seethes . a murderous glare as he pass nat - jethro Boy , you go 's get it . and he 's out the door , leave nat and Elizabeth alone . elizabeth turner you sure you want to do this , nat ? Samuel may not like it , nor will a lot of other folk around here . nat do not think I have a choice , missus . this man still belong to God . and to stand between God and he people be a dangerous place to be . a long beat , until - elizabeth turner you have my bless . nat thank you , missus . ( continued ) 91 92 93 5/8/15 - pink 71 continued : ( 2 ) 91 she watch he go , she eye betray a hint of melancholy . ext . turner plantation - river - day 92 nat stand in waist deep water , brantley before he . Nancy , Bridget , hark and other watch from the river bank . jethro stand further back . if look could kill . nat do you confess you sin before God ? E.T. brantley yes , I do . nat Cross you arm . brantley comply . nat bend brantley backwards into the water , cover he face before prop he back upright . a few slave clap as brantley wipe he face , offer nat a misty - eye smile . E.T. brantley thank you , sir. nat go and sin no more . brantley nod as he trudge back toward the riverbank . on nat as he stand alone in the water , stare toward the bank . prelap SAMUEL turner ( 0.s. ) I be good to you be not I ? ext . slave quarter - nat 's cabin - day 93 nat be sit on a narrow chopping block , stare forward . Samuel , jethro and reverend walthall stand before he . a shotgun rest in the crux of jethro 's arm . angle on hark unnotice in the bg feign work . SAMUEL turner my whole family have . and you go and do this to I ?! a nigger , baptize a white man on my property . you know how this make I look ?! nat only stare forward . ( continued ) 4/9/15 - white 72 93 continued : 93 SAMUEL turner ( cont ’d ) Boy , you have better say something and quick . nat '' take heed therefore unto yourselves , and to all the flock , over the which the Holy ghost hath make you overseer , to feed the church of God , which he hath purchase with he own blood . '' silence . Samuel and Rev. walthall share a incredulous look . rev . walthall '' exhort servant to be obedient unto they own master , and to please they well in all thing ; not answer again - " nat '' you be buy with a price ; do not become slave of man - '' rev . walthall '' but he that shall blaspheme against the Holy ghost hath never forgiveness , but be in danger - " nat '' beware of false prophet who come in sheep 's clothing but inwardly be ravening wolf ! '' rev . walthall you black bastard ! SAMUEL turner nat !- nat look Samuel straight in the eye . nat '' he that stealeth a man , and selleth he - SAMUEL turner do not you eyeball I !- nat ( stand ) - or if he be find in he hand , he shall surely be put to death . '' ( continued ) 93 94 95 96 97 5/8/15 - pink 73 continued : ( 2 ) 93 in a flash , Samuel snatch jethro 's shotgun , smash the hilt into nat 's mouth with a crack ! nat hit the ground stunne , blood spilling . SAMUEL turner ( to jethro ) get he on the post . jethro snatch he by the shirt . on hark who take a step forward . nat 's look wave he off . ext . slave quarter - courtyard - post - day 94 Nancy , Bridget and other slave gather , as we reveal nat strapped to a wooden post , center in the middle of the courtyard . hark and Nelson arrive , soon join by another slave , simon . jethro pace behind nat , drag a ten-foot long whip . he look to Samuel who nod , then exit toward the Big House . Bridget lead Nancy away as jethro go to nat and rip off he shirt . jethro told ya 's you be go 's get it . ext . turner plantation - big house - porch - day 95 Samuel bound toward the Big House , spot Elizabeth . a sudden crack in the distance . Samuel stop , lock eye with she . the crack of the whip continue over they silence . she hold he gaze . crack ! crack ! crack ! crack ! crack ! crack ! he stride past she and into the house , slamm the door shut . omitted 96 ext . cotton field ~ day ( vision 3 ) 97 tight on nat who float on he back . as he eye peel open , he squint up to see the figure silhouett against the sun . one of the figure lean in close to reveal a angelic woman , block the son . voice ( v.0 . ) hey , boy . 98 99 5/8/15 - pink 74 ext . slave quarter - courtyard - post - night 98 nat 's eye open to find jethro , hover , drunk . jethro you best just go on 's and die . it would be easier on you . you make it outta 's this alive , I be gonna ride you like hog on slop . ( beat ) die . jethro straighten , stagger away . we move in close on nat 's near- lifeless eye . his eye slowly drift close , until - a faint glow of light illuminate he face . reverse to reveal - a candle have be place in front of nancy'a cabin . nat will he eye open . the light across he face brightens . we again reverse to reveal - more candle have be place in front of various slave cabin . we see the door of another slave cabin open , a arm produce a candle . another cabin and another - until the entire courtyard glow . nat 's body respond - he chin lift , he muscle tighten , leg support he body 's weight . off nat 's determination - CUT to : ext . slave quarter - courtyard - post - day 99 Samuel and jethro arrive to find nat alive and fully alert . despite he gaunt feature and the infect puss bubbles protrude from he back , he support he own weight . SAMUEL turner you learn you lesson , boy ? nat , wild eye , look just close enough to Samuel to avoid eye contact . something unnerve about he subservience . nat oh , yes ' suh . I have learn . ( continued ) 4/9/15 - white 75 99 continued : 99 SAMUEL turner ( to jethro ) let he off . jethro unlock the stock . nat stand up straight for the first time in day , he entire body tremble involuntarily . SAMUEL turner ( cont ’d ) you do preachin’ for a while . do not want you goin 's off with no group unless I or jethro be there , ya hear ? nat yes , suh . SAMUEL turner go on and get clean up . want you back in the field come mornin’ . nat yes , suh . as Samuel and jethro walk off , hark approach . hark nat , you alright ? nat collapse , face - plant in the dirt . 100 int . slave quarter - nana's cabin - dusk 100 nat lie on a cot , he back cover with steaming strip of cotton . Bridget sit at he side . Nancy arrive with a thin blade and a bottle of brown liquid . Bridget slowly peel back a cotton strip to reveal a infest wound . she take the blade , cut a shallow incision into the bubble flesh . BRIDGET I watch you grandfather die . in the old land . saw he give up the ghost with my own eye . and he see I . he harness the Holy Spirit that day . yes he do . she apply pressure to the wound , send blood and puss coze from he flesh . BRIDGET ( cont ’d ) I be proud of he . so proud . I still thank God he die that day . that he do not live to see what I see ... to watch a strong man break down be a terrible thing . ( continued ) 100 101 102 4/9/15 - white 716 continued : 100 the brown liquid steam as she pour it across he wound . int . slave quarter - nana's cabin - dusk 101 nat stagger in from the intense day of work . sweat and dry blood crust he shirt to he back . he spot Bridget in she chair , face toward the stove . nat hey nana . nat grimace as he peel off he shirt . several line of fresh stitches . nat ( cont ’d ) stitches hold up good ... nat rinse he hand and face in a nearby pot of water , suddenly stop . he look to Bridget , walk to she . nat ( cont 'd ) nana ? her lifeless eye fix forward . a needle and thread rest between she finger , a half sewn pair of pants in she lap . int . slave quarter - nana's cabin - day 102 tight on nat 's face . his eye cast down at something we do not yet see . we pull back to reveal Bridget 's body wrap head to toe in linen on a plank table behind he . we continue to pull back to find he eye set on he close Bible . he flip toward the back . '' ephesian 6:5 -6 - servant , be obedient to they that be master ... " '' Matthew 5:38 - if anyone strike you on the right cheek ... '' '' luke 6:27 do good to that who hate you , bless that who curse you ... '' on nat as fix forward . a series of quick flashbacks the slave 's tooth hammer out - the young slave girl lead on a leash - cherry beat and bruise - the blood seeping from the corn onto he hand - with nat as he flip the Bible again ... his jaw tighten . he slowly rise , move to Bridget 's wrap body . he lift it and carry she out of frame . we move in close on the Bible . closer until a verse fill the frame : ( continued ) 102 103 104 5/8/15 - pink 77 continued : 102 '' Samuel 15:3 now go and strike ... and devote to destruction all that they have ... do not spare they , but kill both man and woman , child ... '' ext . slave quarter - slave cemetary - day 103 Bridget 's funeral have long end . nat stand before she fresh grave . dozen of single flower litter a wooden cross . in the bg hark arrive . hark you alright ? nat mostly . ( beat , then ) I need you to round up a few man we can trust . have ‘em meet we near the big cyprus at cabin Pond , night after next . hark eye he , nod . a beat before hark turn to leave . nat ( cont 'd ) hark ... ( hark turn back ) he 's still here , brother . even now . ext . dismal swamp - cabin pond - night 104 nat sit alone in front of a small smolder brush fire . a few second pass before hark and three other men emerge from the dark . nat stand , meet they . hark be flanke by simon ( 24 ) , Nelson and will ( the slave we recognize from fowler plantation ) . hark this be Simon . Samuel buy he a month back in norfolk . nat I remember . hark you know Nelson . and this be will . ( continued ) 4/9/15 - white 78 104 continued : 104 nat ( xemember ) Word travel fast . ( then ) you be not follow ? will shake he head ' no '. nat ( cont 'd ) good. welcome . glad you be here . SNAP all eye open and fix into the darkness towards the sound . nat stand . a tense moment pass before jasper emerge from the shadow . hark ( to jasper ) this a grow folk meetin’ . get ! jasper slowly backpedal , until . nat hold on . you come from randall 's . jasper yessuh . hark he just a boy . nat so be David . ( then , to jasper ) have a seat . jasper timidly comply . nat study the face before he . nat ( cont ’d ) let 's pray ... heavenly father , we come to you this evening to thank you for the gift of you Word . we pray you guide we heart and mind that we may follow you will alone . in Jesus 's name . all amen . nat I be followin’ the Lord a long time , now . preachin’ . citin 's scripture . ( more ) ( continued ) 104 continued : 5/8/15 - pink 79 ( 2 ) 104 nat ( cont 'd ) share the word through the few section and page I have be allow ... hold he wear Bible up high . nat ( cont 'd ) but , I have go back into this Word . all of it . with new eye . I see now that for every verse they use to support we bondage , there be a truth demand we freedom . for every line they use to justify we torture , there 's another that damn they to hell for that action . ( beat ) they say by the darkness of we skin , we have be curse . that God 's call we child and we child 's child to be beast of burden until death . that he 's call we wife and daughter to warm they belly in the night ... ( beat ) this be not the word of the God I serve . he let this sink in . nat ( cont 'd ) the Lord have speak to I ; vision of what be to come . a rise of good against evil . '' the first will be last and the last will be first '' ... ( point ) we have be choose . nelson what we go 's do ? nat the same as David and gideon - and joshua and sampson ... we will fight . simon the six of we ? nat at first . but once it begin , we brother and sister 's 1l join . nelson they a lot of white . ( continued ) 104 continued : the other 4/9/15 - white 80 ( 3 ) 104 nat how many slave you think here ? on all the plantation in - county ? nelson Whole lot . nat how many white ? simon but they get gun . nat we will take the armory in Jerusalem . we will have gun too . hark Jerusalem ? nat that 's right . we will start at Turner 's , then fight we way there . by then we will number in the hundred - thousand even . the grapevine 's ablaze with talk of fightin’ . slave just like we , all over , havin 's meeting . waitin 's for somethin’ . waitin 's for we . do not look so sure . nat ( cont 'd ) if ever there be a time to have faith my brother , it 's now . will we make a stop at fowler place ? nat we will . will I be witchu . hark ( beat ) I too . nelson when we fight ? ( continued ) 104 105 106 5/8/15 - pink 81 continued : ( 4 ) 104 nat soon . the Lord will provide a sign . until then , remain steadfast , ready to strike at the moment of the Lord 's call . ( beat ) with the strength of we Father , we will cut the head from the serpent ... we will destroy they all . int . turner plantation - big house - den - day 105 Janice , in the room alone , clean . she move to a bottom row of book , dust they . as she dust with one hand , the other pull a book from she apron , slide it onto the shelf . as she remove a different book - a hand catch she wrist . startle , she look up to find isaiah . off she terror , we - CUT to : int . slave quarter - nat 's cabin - morning 106 nat , dress for the day 's work , pull up suspender before head for the cabin 's exit . he open the door to find isaiah . isaiah May I enter . nat allow he in , but not before a quick glance outside . nat something wrong ? isaiah there 's much wrong . ( beat , then ) whether you consider I a friend or not , I do not know . but I care what happen to you . the same way I care about what happen to every other soul on this property ... nat if there 's something you need to say , isaiah , I be listen . isaiah there be a meeting a few night back . ( continued ) 4/9/15 - white 82 106 continued : 106 nat offer no reaction . isaiah ( cont ’d ) while I be not privy to what be say , I can assume by it 's secrecy , it could not have be entirely ... productive . ( no response ) now , I do not know what idea swirl in you head , but I have live enough to know the result of certain idea will not lead to what you want . nat all I want , I want for the oppress people of God . isaiah do you want death for they ? for you wife and daughter ? nat if it be God 's will . isaiah God 's will ? who 's select you the instrument of such thing ? nat he have . isaiah you walk a dangerous line . nat in he order step . isaiah and you be sure it 's he do the '' order '' . nat only stare . isaiah ( cont ’d ) I may live in the house , but my head be not in a hole . I know white be wrong for what they have do and continually do . but I also know a man of God be call to lead in love . anything else will only leave we all worse off . isaiah study he a beat before reach into he suit jacket , pull from it a book . closer to reveal it be the book Janice take from the shelf . ( continued ) 106 107 108 4/21/15 - blue 83 continued : ( 2 ) 106 isaiah ( cont 'd ) ( point ) he be a God of love , nat . do not forget that . he hand he the book before turn towards the door . nat I will not . ( beat ) nor will I forget he be a God of wrath . isaiah turn back lock eye with nat a beat , before slip from the cabin . ext . cotton field - day ( vision 3 manifest ) 107 nat pull a near full cotton bag through a row . he glance up to notice several slave have stop pick , they gaze direct upward . a shadow creep across they face . nat follow they eye to see - the moon passing in front of the SUN in a brilliant eclipse . angelic voice ( 0.s. ) ( to nat , as if carry by the wind ) the serpent be loose . the eclipse pass . as the enslave go back to pick , hark , step into nat 's row . nat hold he gaze . int . reese house - bedroom - night 108 nat and cherry lie opposite each other , eye lock . nat the Lord 's call I ... to stand and fight . a long beat , until - ( continued ) 108 108a 108b 109 110 qi 6/15/15 - yellow 84 continued : 108 cherry I know this day would come . I tell myself I would not be scared . all my life I be prayin’ for the Lord to help we , or to send somebody who could . we all have . just be not ' spectin it to be my own husband . ( beat ) if the Lord 's call you to fight , you fight . you fight for I . for joanna . fight for we all . nat pull she and joanna into a embrace . int . reese plantation - bedroom - night 108a cherry stir awake to find nat go , a cloth - wrap package lie in he place . she open it to find a beautiful dress . a moment before she flip the bottom hem to find : the patch from her previous dress . off she look , we - CUT to : int . reese plantation - bedroom - night 108b cherry lie asleep . as Elizabeth clear of dish from cherry 's night stand , she tip a glass spilling water onto the floor . as she bend to towel it , reach deep under the bed , she hand catch something . tight on she face as she study something we do not see . she eye a sleep cherry with concern . int . unknown location - night a candle dance within a dark room . a oc gust distinguish it . omitted 109 omitted 110 omitted ql . ( continued ) see of * ahr he qi 112 113 114 4/21/15 - blue 85 continued : 111 omitted 112 int . turner plantation - big house - SAMUEL 's room - nightl13 Samuel sleep . a few second before he stir awake , reach for a glass of water . he suddenly freeze . as he squint into the dark , he eye adjust and he see the shape of a man . SAMUEL turner who 's there ? nat take a half step into a shard of moonlight . SAMUEL turner ( cont 'd ) nat ? nat ( directly into he eye ) yes . before Samuel can utter a response , the glint of a swinging axe . int . turner plantation - overseer 's backhouse - night 114 over black we hear a knock . then another . a lantern flash to reveal jethro , sit up in bed . a young slave girl ( 10 ) lie beside he . jethro rub he eye - knock ! knock ! ( continued ) 4/21/15 - blue 86 114 continued : 114 jethro wait a goddamn minute ! he stagger to the door , shirtless and half asleep . just as he pull the door open - thwack !!!! he 's axed out of frame . will take a step inside wield a massive sledgehammer . he lift it high over he head . the finish blow cut we to - 115 int . turner plantation - big house - hallway - ( night ) 115 Samuel crawl along he stomach , blood seeping from mouth . nat walk behind he , axe in he hand . Samuel prop himself against the wall and we see the deep gash in he chest . Samuel and nat 's eye stay lock a long beat . nat turn , exit . on Samuel , leave with he thought until he eye slowly sag shut . 116 int . slave quarter - nana 's cabin - ( night ) 116 Nancy lie asleep under dim candlelight . nat sit bedside . nat mama . she wake ; instinctively reach for she field clothes . nancy nat ? oh , Lord , I sleep too late ? nat gently catch she hand . nat you do not have to work today , mama . nancy what ? nat you be free . she stare closely at nat , suddenly notice the blood on he face , clothes and hand . nat ( cont 'd ) the battle have begin , mar . ( toward the cabin door ) Simon . Simon poke he head in . ( continued ) 116 117 118 4/9/15 - white 87 continued : 116 nat ( cont ’d ) Simon 's gonna take you to reese 's . I need you to take care of cherry and joanna until I return ... ( xe : Nancy 's sad look ) what 's wrong ? nancy nothin’ . I be proud of you . she pull nat into a embrace . nancy ( cont 'd ) you fight . i’1l pray . prelap - SOUND of intense vomit . ext . slave quarter - nanan cabin - night 117 nat stand keele over , steadying himself against a tree . voice ( 0.s. ) nat . nat turn to find hark . hark everybody 's ready . ext . slave quarter - courtyard - night 118 nat , atop Jupiter , stare down at the many face . hark , will , Nelson and jasper be mount at he flank . as nat open he mouth to speak- isaiah arrive in he blood-streaked robe . delirious , he charge nat , will step in he way . isaiah Boy , what do you do ?! no answer . isaiah ( cont 'd ) you kill he ... you kill we ! ( to all , in tear ) he 's kill we ! every one of we be already dead ! he lunge for nat , but will catch he , shove he to the ground . isaiah stagger away , distraught , leave a somber feel over the group . ( continued ) 5/8/15 - pink 88 118 continued : 118 nat you earthly master be go . you be now free man and woman , servant of only the Lord . a murmur spread throughout . nat ( cont 'd ) as the sword of the Lord bear down on we enemy , we ancestor and unborn child rejoice . ( beat ) be we dead ? no . I say we be now alive , see through eye that have be deny we since be bear into the darkness of bondage . stand with we ... that you other captive brother and sister may also know freedom . stand , that we child , for generation to come will know that with the supernatural power of God , we straighten we back against the work of the evil one . a male step forward . then another . and other , until every able man have step up . off they determine look - 119 ext . wood - night 119 -- a group of torch - wield rebel gallop past camera . 120 int . plantation home - ( night ) 120 -- tight on a lit wall to reveal shadow axing down on a bed . blood spray against the wall with the last blow . 121 omitted 121 122 int . plantation home - ( night ) 122 nat stand in a room of a estate , eye a military sword mount on the wall . a rebel and a slaveowner wrestle in the bg . 123 5/8/15 - pink 89 ext . fowler plantation - night 123 nat , sword fitte to he hip , sit atop Jupiter amongst he man . they eye the Big House in the distance . will trot up to nat . will can I do this m’sef ? nat nod . will dismount , pull a short axe from he belt . he walk calmly toward the Big House , casually climb the porch step before enter . several long moment pass . hark cross past jasper to nat . hark should we go check on he 's smash ! a body explode through the second floor window , land in a bloody , lifeless heap ! jasper nearly jump out of he skin . before anyone else can react - the front door crash open and a man we recognize as Earl fowler sprint toward we . will bolt through the doorway in pursuit , gain on he with every step . earl run wildly , until he suddenly stop , realize he stand in front of nat and nearly forty armed rebel . earl fowler no ... ( stumble backward ) no ! just as he turn , shunk ! will 's axe hack into he neck . will straddle Earl 's body , raise he axe and chop with measure focus . he finally rise , hold Earl 's steaming head by the hair . he toss it into the nearby brush , before remount he horse . for a moment , no one even breathes . then - hark the boy ! all look around . hark and nat lock eye . * * 124 125 5/8/15 - pink 90 ext . wood - ( R. plantation ) - night 124 a figure sprint through the dark . he burst into a clear , approach the back section of a large , familiar house . as he arrive to the back door , he bang repeatedly with all he might . the door finally swing open to reveal - abner we reverse to see we messenger be jasper . ext . randall plantation - night 125 nat and he man arrive to the plantation entrance . as the man push forward - nat ( hard whisper ) wait . the man stop . nat stare out at the Big House and surround structure . he squint into the dark . do something move ? bang ! a bullet slam into Nelson 's head . gunfire erupt . the man scramble for cover . will return fire . hark dismount , scurries to Nelson who lie dead ; a bullet hole cut into he temple . bang ! bang ! bang ! randall ( 0.s. ) hey , '' preacher '' . I know you out there ! c’mon . I and my boy be ready ! nat see a dozen slave appear on the lawn with gun . randall ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ya will gonna hang ! you hear I ?! all of ya ! nat hark ! hark dodge gunfire , join he . nat ( cont 'd ) tell the man to fall back . hark what ? ( continued ) 125 126 127 5/8/15 - pink 91 continued : 125 nat if we have a gun fight now , we will never make it to Jerusalem - hark that man have my wife - now she brother ! I want my revenge , too ! nat this be not about revenge , hark . they have all have we wife and kill all we brother ! ( beat ) the root , not the branch . we must stay focus , brother . a long beat before hark nod . hark ( to other ) pull back . ext . randall plantation - yard - same 126 John randall squat beside abner and jasper . they level rifle toward the tree . tight on jasper his face , a picture of shame . ext . old road - dawn 127 nat , follow by will , hark and other jog from the dense forest , arrive to a clear . nat study the treeline as man continue to trickle in . nearly fifty man in all . even as the last man emerge , nat continue to eye the tree . nat this all of we ? hark this it . hark study the light part of the sky , smile , then chuckle . ( continued ) 127 128 129 5/8/15 - pink 92 continued : 127 hark ( cont 'd ) * what ? nat by now , I have be two row 's down . half bag full ... hark ( smile ) I would be head to the barn , gettin’ the stock feed . rebel man 1 I be boilin’ water fo’ da 's smokehouse ... thankin’ on dumpin’ it in on massa 's head . laughter from the group . rebel man ( 0.c . ) I be tightnin 's barrell , sealin’ crack . will checkin 's leave be dry . packin 's an’ stackin’ ‘em up . dodgin 's that cracka 's lash ... * ( beat ) * but not today . * nat * no , suh . * ( then , to the group ) * on to Jerusalem ? hark on to Jerusalem . the phrase echoing through the rank as nat and hark share a look . ext . jerusalem - armory - dawn 128 a thick fog sit on the road . the armory sit quietly on a cul - de-sac in the distance . ext . jerusalem - armory entrance - dawn 129 nat and hark , armed , stand on the main road . dozen of rebel stand in rank behind they , weapon ready . ( continued ) 129 5/8/15 - pink 93 continued : 129 nat squint in the distance . silence as they wait finally , raymond cobb step from within a brick archway , jesse step out , loyal at he side . cobb regards nat across the hundred yard stretch . cobb throw down they weapon ! Lay on the ground ! closer to reveal - neither nat , nor he man budge . a beat before a group of over fifty armed , local white emerge from hide position within the brick cul - de-sac . nat ( to he man ) the lord be we light and we salvation , whom shall we fear ? we slowly track across the face of the rebel as they eye they adversary . cobb bark order as the armed white scramble to line themselves up . nat ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) when the wick , even we enemy and we foe , come upon we to eat up we flesh , they stumble and fall ... a white man fasten a bayonet onto he rifle . we pass will ... nat ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) though a host should encamp against we , we heart shall not fear : cobb unholster he pistol . we pass hark .... nat ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ... though war should rise against we ... in this will we be confident ! we arrive back to nat , eye focus and wild . nat ( cont 'd ) rebel ! nat charge toward cobb and he man , he rebel close behind . cobb let out he own battle cry as he and he man charge ! bang ! bang ! bang ! bang ! ( continued ) 129 4/9/15 - white 94 continued : ( 2 ) 129 Men from both side be kill instantly . the two side slam into each other with the sound of thunder ! nat , fire he rifle , toss it before pull he axe and sword . he swing both , connect with flesh . cobb wield a rifle with a attach bayonet . he plunge its point into pass rebel . will crush a white man 's head with the broad side of he axe , before bury the sharp side into another man 's chest . hark fight off two man , with a empty rifle . he smashes one unconscious with the butt before jesse arrive , grab he in a choke from behind . he hold hark as another charge with he bayonet . just as hark be nearly pierce , he head - butt jesse , spin he in front and into the blade . nat , kick a man in the groin , raise he sword to swipe when - bang ! a bullet piece he shoulder . he drop he sword , stumbling backward . reverse to reveal cobb hold a rifle . he rush nat , lunge at he with he bayonet . nat catch the barrel , hip toss he to the ground and pounce . the two roll until cobb land on top . cobb lock both hand around nat 's neck in a choke . nat spot he sword just foot away , but just out of reach . he fight at cobb 's grip , finally separate two finger , break they backwards with a SNAP ! a monstrous leave slump cobb to he side . nat reach , snagging he sword as he climb atop cobb . cobb strain against nat 's weight as nat press the sword tip toward cobb 's neck . in the bg a white man be see rush toward nat . he raise he rifle and be tackled out of the frame . nat 's sword pierce cobb 's neck . he push it deeper , they eye remain lock . finally the sword 's hilt be press to cobb 's neck , pin he into the ground below . nat watch until the last sign of life be go . nat rise , he shoulder stain red from the gun shot . as he look around , we see only rebel stand - the ground litter with body , black and white . a few white man can be see retreate in the distance . he lock eye with hark , both out of breath - nat ( cont 'd ) ( to all ) c'mon ! ( continued ) 129 130 131 5/8/15 - pink 95 continued : ( 3 ) 129 nat pull he sword , grab a nearby weapon and sprint toward the armory . hark , will and the remain rebel , join he . ext . jerusalem - armory - morning 130 nat and the rebel sprint into the cul - de-sac , arrive at the armory door . will step forward , smashes the lock with a axe handle . nat line up ! hark gun comin 's ! the rebel toss axe and shovel aside as , line up as nat and hark surge the entrance . int . armory - same 131 nat , hark and other storm in to find dozen of stack crate . nat open they 's up and pass ‘em back ! the man begin crack open the crate . nat open one himself and he face fall . he Pov to reveal - the crate empty , heavy stone sit in place of gun . nat ( cont 'd ) get outside - bang ! bang ! bang ! gunfire rip through the slat wall . nat' Pov - outside the armory door , bullet perforate the expose rebel as they be attack from every angle . nat spot infantry of the state militia stand on rooftop and in widow of the surround cul - de-sac building . they fire power continue to bear down on the rebel inside . nat , will , hark and the remain other crouch low , dodging fire . without warning , will stand , storm outside it be meet with gunfire . ( continued ) 131 132 5/8/15 - pink 95a continued : 131 he grab a bayonet fitte musket , stand himself up with it . his silhouette look more like a African statue . a final shot blow through he face . omitted 132 133 134 5/8/15 - pink 96 int . armory - continuous 133 nat crawl towards the open door . as he reach to close it , he spot two militia soldier wheeling a cannon . as they aim it toward the armory door - nat get back ! slow motion as the cannon erupt , nat diving for cover just before impact - boom ! black nat emerge from beneath the loose rubble , he face and body cover in ash - like dust and dirt . daylight pour in from the cannon 's exit blast at the back of the room . nat spot hark , a thick shard of shrapnel lodge deep between he collarbone . nat crawl to he , struggle to drag he towards the exit . hark wave he off as he hold he wound . hark ( spit blood ) go on . you gotta lead . a beat before they embrace . nat see a few other rebel emerge from the debris . nat come on ! he help three rebel through the open , offer hark a final look , before exite . we stay with hark , blood gush through he finger with every breath . int . wood - day 134 nat dart through the wood alongside a few of he man . finally , they stop . only three rebel remain . gunshot ring out in the distance . the man crowd in . nat bark instruction , use he finger to draw a map in the dirt . nat ok , we be right here , about three mile away from cabin Pond . that 's there we will regroup . any other survivor 's 1l meet we there ... nat take in the face of he man . a closer look show they be not man at all , but boy . ( continued ) 5/8/15 - pink 96a 134 continued : 134 nat ( cont ’d ) how old be you ? rebel boy 1 Fifteen , suh . rebel boy 2 fourteen , suh . ( continued ) 134 135 136 137 5/8/15 - pink 97 continued : ( 2 ) 134 nat study they scared face . a long beat until - nat you have do good . you have be brave in fight ... ( beat ) but , it 's time to go home . if you get stop on the way , tell they you do not have anything to do with this . tell they you run when the kill start . the boy slowly stand , unsure . nat ( cont 'd ) go ’on , now . they run off into the wood , leave nat alone . ext . dismal swamp - day 135 nat run through the swamp , splash through the soggy marsh . he stop at a massive overturn tree , catch he breath . he burrow beneath the tangle root . omitted 136 int . armory - day 137 angle on a young white soldier , musket raise , as he arrive to hark who hold he seeping wound . hark , moment from death , eye the soldier . hark John Clark ? JOHN clark ( lower he weapon ) hey , hark . a moment between they , before a pass militiaman impale hark with he bayonet . on John Clark , as he process . 138 139 6/15/15 - yellow 98 omitted 138 int . reese plantation - big house - dine room - day 139 General child , join by he lieutenant , sit before cherry who wear she new dress . Elizabeth stand close , flanke by John Clark . we notice they hand clasped . Catherine and Nancy hover just behind . Nancy hold joanna who cry . general child you do not know where he be ? cherry no , suh . general child and he never mention nothing on a insurrection . cherry no , suh . General child eye she hard : general child when 's the last time you see he ? elizabeth turner she 's tell you everything she know . general child Elizabeth , I have know you a long time , and get a lot of respect for you and you family , but you be interfere with something real important . a lot of people be kill the last twenty - four hour . ( continued ) 6/15/15 - yellow 99 139 continued : 139 elizabeth turner I know . one of they be my son . general child ( to Nancy ) so Samuel send you here to ' help out 's ? nancy yes , suh . general child how long before the killin’ do you and the boy leave ? nancy oh , suh , I do not know nothing about no killin- elizabeth turner General ! general child ( to Lieutenant ) go get I that boy ... ( to Nancy ) why would Samuel send a field hand to help in the house ? elizabeth turner we hand often go from field to house when need . not every family treat they slave with you level of savagery . general child not every slave treat they master with the level of savagery yours do . child 's lieutenant return with a terrify Simon . general child ( cont ’d ) ( to Simon ) Boy , what do Samuel tell you that night ? you lie to I , I will kill ya . simon massa Samuel tell I to bring miss Nancy to help out for a day or two . general child and he give you a pass ? ( continued ) 6/15/15 - yellow 99 ~ 139 continued : ( 2 ) 139 simon yes , suh . ( continued ) 139 140 6/15/15 - yellow 100 continued : ( 3 ) 139 general child you still get it ? Catherine go to a nearby drawer , produce a crumpled piece of paper . General child examine it . elizabeth turner if you be do with you question , we would like to get back to mourn . General child toss the paper , onto the table , along with several coin . elizabeth turner ( cont 'd ) what 's that for ? general child we be take the boy . Simon 's face fall . elizabeth turner you most certainly be not ! general child ( to John Clark ) let 's go . JOHN clark everything will be alright , mama as John Clark and Elizabeth embrace - JOHN clark ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) they be not go 's find he . not unless he want to be find . he offer a solemn smile before he join General child , he Lieutenant and Simon . they exit , leave only silence , until - a bang os . Elizabeth rush to the window to see Simon dead on the lawn . General child mount he horse , tip he hat to Elizabeth before he and he man head off . omitted 140 141 142 143 144 5/8/15 - pink 101 ext . town square - day 141 -- we track across a group of rebel stand on a wooden platform . noose be fitte around they neck . tight on a male slave , as he drop out of frame . the rope fill the frame , taut . ext . wood - dusk 142 -- two black man sit beat and tie to a tree . liquid be splash across they face . a white hand , hold a light match creep into frame . ext . plantation - field - day 143 we start in close on the pocket of a pair of overall . we pull backwards to reveal a decease boy 11 wear they as he hang by the neck . we continue we pull to reveal - Black body of all size hang like ornament on the branch of a massive fall oak tree . ext . reese plantation - back yard - day 144 cherry hang clothes near the treeline . Catherine sit on the porch in the distance , drift in a rock chair . voice ( 0.s. ) ( whisper ) cherry ... cherry freeze . voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) it 's nat , love . ( then ) keep on work . she quake visibly as she return to the hang clothes . cherry they look for you . nat ( 0.s. ) do they hurt you ? cherry no. nat ( 0.s . ) how be joanna ? ( continued ) * hee 5/8/15 - pink 101a 144 continued : 144 cherry she fine . ( continued ) 4/9/15 - white 102 144 continued : 144 nat ( 0.s. ) and mama . cherry she fine too . cherry shoot a nervous glance toward Catherine . nat ( 0.s. ) you hear anything on the other ? cherry they be hang ... all of they . they kill people everywhere . for no reason at all , but be black . say the killin’ will not stop till they get you ... ( then ) all this time , I think ... I think you be dead , too . nat ( 0.s. ) I be here ... I will always be . cherry I miss you so much ... no answer . she stop . cherry ( cont 'd ) nat ? catherine ( 0.8 . ) cherry , who be you talk to ? cherry turn to find Catherine just behind she . cherry wipe she face . Catherine survey the area , see nothing . cherry I be just talk to myself ... wishing thing be different . Catherine regards she with compassion . catherine I too ... a long beat until - Catherine pull a wet shirt from the clothes basket , pin it to the line . they silently work in tandem . 145 146 147 5/8/15 - pink 103 ext . dismal swamp - day 145 militia man scour the swampy wood . we spot John Clark among they crossing a trickle creek . he slow to a stop , look to he leave and right . ext . dismal swamp - day ( vision 4 ) 146 nat kneel in prayer . a SOUND from behind and he eye open . he turn to find a young boy we recognize as young nat , paint royal blue . ( the scene mirror nat 's childhood vision ) . demonic sound permeate the forest . nat stand , stride towards he young self , place a protective hand in front of he . wider to reveal nat be alone . he stalk toward we and past camera . ext . farmer' market - wood and seed - day 147 several store have reopen . General child sit under a military tent as he boot be shine . a few militia man loiter nearby . scatter local crisscross the dusty square . further away nat enter a empty frame . we take in he sink eye and gaunt frame as he lumber forward . his bullet wound fester , spilling puss . angle on a white man who spot nat . white man hey ! as he sprint toward nat , other also recognize he , break into hysterics . the white man arrive to nat , waste no time in connect a wild blow to nat 's face . dozen more follow suit , until a massive mob have form , raining blow onto nat 's body . a woman rip at he shirt as the energy of the lynch mob intensify , until - bang ! the crowd freeze . we reverse to reveal general child , hold the smoking gun . he 's flanke by he lieutenant . general child I know you be angry , trust I , I understand . but , this man have commit mass murder and will stand trial . ( continued ) 5/8/15 - pink 103a 147 continued : 147 as he approach , the mob reluctantly back off . General child arrive to nat who lie in a bloody heap . the lieutenant and another soldier rip nat to he foot and away . 5/8/15 - pink 104 148 omitted 148 ( continued ) 148 149 150 151 5/8/15 - pink 105 continued : 148 int . jerusalem - cell - day 149 nat sit eye fix forward . a sheriff appear at the bar . sheriff it 's time . ext . jerusalem - courthouse - day 150 follow a young boy ( 7 ) as he cross cobblestone road , up a flight of stair , push he way through a surround mob . as he step onto a cross -bridge , we rise above he to reveal - the courthouse square . hundred crowd in front of a stage - like platform , other watch from roof , window and stair . ext . jerusalem - courthouse - day 151 nat be lead up a narrow staircase and onto the wooden platform . he study the multitude of people . * angle on * * a view platform , where nat spot John Clark who stand at the flank of General child . a million word unspoken . nat 's eye then drift to jasper who stand amongst patron . nat * study jasper who struggle to hold he gaze . * nat 's face soften a beat , as he offer the faintest nod of forgiveness . the sheriff motion for the roaring crowd to settle . within minute , the area be near silent , save a few scattered slur . sheriff ( to nat ) somethin 's you would like to say to * this people first ? * nat regards the people . then , with a firm voice - nat I be ready . the sheriff exit and the crowd 's energy escalate to near fever pitch . the undertaker fit a noose around nat 's neck . draw the rope of the pulley and nat 's body rise several foot above the platform . SOUND drop . not a limb or a muscle move as nat hang still as a stone . ( continued ) 5/8/15 - pink 105a 151 continued : 151 close on nat 's face as he stare forward , as if freeze . until ( continued ) 151 152 5/8/15 - pink 106 continued : ( 2 ) 151 something above catch he eye . his eye flit upward toward something we do not yet see . nat 's Pov to reveal - a white dove circle just above . on nat . even through the pain , the slight smile grow . second later , we watch he eye slowly close . on jasper , who squeeze he eye shut , he body tremble through sob . push in on jasper . closer until he face fill the frame . we watch as he age before we eye . his feature mature , he jaw widen , age line crawl across he brow . he slowly open he eye and we see jasper , now a grow man . the shame go , only a fierceness remain . we slowly pull back as sound gradually return . muffled blast and explosion permeate . we continue we pull to reveal - ext . battlefield - day 152 jasper don a blue forage hat and sack coat , white - knuckling a bayonet - fitte rifle . we reveal other black soldier on either side . a massive american flag ripple in the bg . the explosion be now deafen as the group of man clinch they jaw in anticipation . after a arduous beat - voice ( 0.c. ) charge ! jasper and he fellow soldier belt out battle cry as they rush the camera , bayonet point . jasper raise he rife and bang ! a cloud of smoke take we to - black super : after nat Turner 's hang , he body be skinned and dismember . his skin be sewn into wallet and purse , he flesh churn into grease - all to be sell at the local market . 5/8/15 - pink 106a 153 ext . unknown - day 153 nat turner , healthy and strong , stand stare into camera for a long beat ( continued ) 153 4/9/15 - white 107 continued : 153 super : a prophet . a preacher . a american hero . his flesh be destroy , but nat Turner 's legacy of resistance will live on forever . CUT to black the end rere ( opaet ( or nmg cela lecd el ) oko of relat eet an faaaiee gm I pms age of ee no pola woh a mek motes} atmos eon oom ony ea er er aaa eg gel ree fol - coemromo ) lol mel ol aero a be = ole ela ea peale etec www.foxsearchlight.com /fyc .