the ide of MARCH written by George clooney , grant heslov &amp ; Beau willimon int . miami university - oxford ohio - auditorium - day Stephen meyer , Press Secretary to Governor Morris be stand at a podium on a stage ... there be a single spotlight on he . the rest of the stage be dark . Stephen be talk into a mic with no emotion ... just matter of factly . stephen I be neither Christian ... nor atheist . I be not jewish or Muslim . what I believe ... my religion be call the constitution ... a pause . Stephen snap he finger in the mic . we hear the distinct sound of feedback get louder until it stop . we hear the director speak over the loud speaker . director hang on ... let I open this up .... we wait as Stephen look around . he look at stage hand who be busy work . no one pay any attention to he as he stand there . this be not awkward for Stephen , this be routine . director ( cont 'd ) okay ... light come up on another podium revealing a debate stage . Stephen continue . stephen I will defend till my die breath you right to worship whatever god you believe in ... the light on Stephen 's podium go out , he 's in the dark . he keep go . stephen ( cont 'd ) if I be not religious enough for you , do not vote for I . to the director . ( continued ) 2 . continued : stephen ( cont 'd ) you get it ? his podium light come back on . no answer from the director , Stephen continue . stephen ( cont 'd ) if I be not experience enough do not vote for I . if I be not ... director okay get it , thanks . stephen thanks . we will need this monitor turn up a bit ... it 's a big space and he want to be able to hear . stage manager you get it . stephen also we will need this podium put on a riser as we agree to in the pre-condition . you be a few inch short and it make it harder for the Governor to read he note . stage manager no I know , we just get that specs last night and they be building a piece to go under ... stephen great , thanks . see you guy in a few hour . we see we be in a auditorium of a college . Stephen meet up with BEN harpen he staffer . BEN I do not know the Governor have trouble read he note . why do not he wear ... stephen he do not but pullman be 5 '8 " he will look like a hobbit behind that podium . ( continued ) 3. continued : ( 2 ) they walk off ... CUT to : ext . miami university - oxford ohio - day rob braun , a local Cincinnati anchor , talk to camera as we see stephen and BEN exit the building . under this we hear Rachel maddow report . rachel maddow ( o.c . ) well it all come down to this ... we be one week away from the Ohio primary ... camera now move past rob to another news truck where a MSNBC reporter stand in front of a camera wait to go live . there be a monitor in front of he . the camera keep move into the monitor where rachel maddow do the lead in . as rachel 's audio continue we see the follow image . CUT to : ext . middle america we cruise along a snow - cover rural landscape - flat , gray , desolate . in the distance we see a barn with huge red-white - and - blue letter paint on the side . they read " ohio for morris " . rachel maddow ( o.s. ) two democrat be leave stand . Senator pullman of Arkansas who be trail Governor Morris from Pennsylvania . moment later we roll past another farm with a large billboard stake into the ground beside the road : " pullman - america's future begins on MARCH 15th " . ext . suburban STREET we cut to canvasser - bundle to the hilt against the cold - knock on door in a suburban neighborhood . yard sign for both candidate line the street . ( continued ) 4. continued : rachel maddow ( o.s. ) Governor Morris have mount a sizable lead with 2047 delegate , win New Hampshire , California , New York and Michigan ... but Senator pullman with 1302 delegate be still in the hunt have win Florida , Tennessee , Virginia and Missouri ... ext . CITY intersection supporter at a intersection wave hand - make sign to car : " honk for morris " . a pass car lay on the horn and the supporter cheer . rachel maddow ( o.s. ) a win in Ohio could turn it all around for the Arkansas Senator ... close up of a pullman bumper sticker on a suv at a stoplight , right next to a " my child be a honor Student " decal . rachel maddow ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) so one week from Tuesday the all important hundred and eighty one Ohio delegate could be the decide factor .. ext . hardware store a clerk place a Morris sign in the store window . in the shop next door various tv 's be in a window display . we see rachel maddow be report on they . rachel maddow ( o.s. ) and once again the old adage be true ... " as go Ohio , so go the Nation . " CUT to : ext . miami university - oxford ohio - afternoon we see Satellite truck , press vehicle , police car , etc . at a catering truck , molly stearn , a 19 year old intern grab a tray of coffee and a box of doughnut . ( continued ) 5 . continued : we stay on she as she run across the street and through a door ... CUT to : int . miami university - rapid response room - continuous molly enter and we follow she through the campaign war room , it 's the size of a coffin , jamme to the hilt with twenty - something staffer man laptop . we be in the hustle and bustle of a live telecast . we see multiple angle of the telecast ... senator pullman would you call yourself a Christian ? gov . morris how would that matter ? senator pullman ( reading ) " I have no idea what happen when we die , maybe nothing ... maybe it be like before we be bear . " you do write this Governor ... gov . morris then let I try and clarify ... I be raise Catholic , I be not a practice Catholic ... I have no idea what happen when you die and if the Senator do , then perhaps he should be President . I will even vote for he . the audience laugh . senator pullman be that you idea of be specific ? molly pass out coffee . CUT to : int . miami university - auditorium - continuous we be now live inside the debate . ( continued ) 6 . continued : gov . morris let I be more specific . I be neither a Christian , nor a atheist , I be not jewish or Muslim ... what I believe ... my religion be write on a piece of parchment call the constitution . meaning I will defend , till my die breath , you right to worship , in whatever God or lack thereof you believe in , as long as it do not hurt other . I believe we should be judge as a government by how we take care of that who can not take care of themselves . that 's my religion . if you feel that I be not religious enough , then do not vote for I . if you feel I be not experience enough or tall enough then do not vote for I . because I be not go to change that to get elect . senator pullman I just want you to say out loud if you believe in the teaching of the Bible . gov . morris be this a Democratic primary or a general election ? people laugh . senator pullman ( on monitor ) well Governor , whoever win this contest will be run for President ... and if you do not think that this question will not be central in a general election then you be live in fantasy land . I applaud you honesty Governor , I do ... I be simply point to what be obvious ... we be run for President of the United States ... not for student council president . int . miami university - backstage - continuous paul zara - Morris 's campaign manager - be wait in the wing off stage . stephen sidle up next to he . ( continued ) 7. continued : in the background we can see the candidate shaking hand . there be applause . paul be push fifty with the grizzle look of a harden campaign veteran . he 's Stephen 's boss , the only guy between he and Governor Morris . arm cross , they watch they man on stage . paul a double ? stephen a double . paul Fucking national security . the governor look off stage to paul and stephen for approval . paul ( cont 'd ) outta the park . stephen Home run . we hear the announcer thanking everyone for attend the debate . tom duffy - campaign manager of the rival pullman campaign - be also watch from the wing . duffy 's smooth , calculate and icy . he walk over to Stephen and Paul . duffy I be try to remember if the democrat ever nominate a atheist before ... paul well , we know they have nominate jackass before . duffy ( to stephen ) must have be you that do the prep work . Paul 's not that clever . paul you always have the brain duffy , but I - I always have the ball . ( continued ) 8. continued : ( 2 ) duffy ( nodd to Stephen ) look like you get some brain now too . be careful . I just might have to steal he from you . duffy walk off to greet Senator pullman as he make he way to the wing . Paul and Stephen eye he as he go . paul what a prick . CUT to : int . cincinnati ramada inn - the bar - night Stephen , Paul , ida , and Ben be have drink around a table . the mood be festive . there be a piano player play , sing . paul have a roll - away suitcase beside he . ida so Paul , tell I something I do not know ... tell I what 's gonna happen on the 15th . paul ha-ha . ida what ? paul what do you think stevie ? stephen it 's ours for the take . paul Ben ? BEN we will win . paul what do you think ida ? ida I be ask you . paul you tell I and I will tell you . ( continued ) 9 . continued : ida if have to say , I would say it will be close , but you will eke it out . paul eke ? to stephen . paul ( cont 'd ) you see , she 's try to get under my skin . ida so what 's gonna happen ? paul we by nine . ida nine ? there 's no way you will win by nine . stephen at least . maybe more . ida ( to paul ) so you be certain you be gonna win here ? paul certain ? no. confident ? yes . ida you just say you will win by nine . paul and I think we will , but I will not tell you it 's a sure thing . Fucking Saint Gabriel can blow he horn on election day and get he four horseman to rig the ballot box for pullman and it would not surprise I . do not get I wrong . six presidential I have do and I have never feel this good . but be I gonna sit here and say " yes - we will definitely win Ohio " ? not a chance . in the last thirty year seventy - three Democrats have run for president . how many have win ? Three . ( more ) ( continued ) 10 . continued : ( 2 ) paul ( cont 'd ) that mean seventy guy run who think they have a chance , and they all lose . ida so you be say there 's a good chance you will not win . paul do not twist my word . what I be say be that I be not go to promise we will win . but he 's decorate by Bush senior from the first Gulf war and protest the second . he leave he state with a balanced budget and the fourth high education rate . the Republicans have nobody out there that can touch this guy ... so for this moment , this election , this primary be the presidential . and that ida , be the state of the union . and on that note , I be gonna take a shit . paul swig down the rest of he drink and exit . ida so Stephen ... stephen yes ida ? ida Stephen , Stephen , Stephen .... stephen here it come ... hit I . ida Paul 's go to the airport ? stephen yes ? ida get on a plane . stephen mmhmm . ida where be that plane go ? ( continued ) 11 . continued : ( 3 ) stephen Three guess . ida not go back to headquarters . stephen correct . ida he 's not go to Texas ? stephen no need , we will split Texas , it 's a wash . ida what if I say North Carolina ? stephen that 's you guess ? ida he 's go to North Carolina . stephen I will neither confirm nor deny that statement . ida I know it . now tell I why . stephen that I cannot do . ida I hate you . stephen you love I . ida I love Paul . you I hate . stephen you only love he because he give you all the scoops . ida sexual favor ? stephen you be engage . ( continued ) 12. continued : ( 4 ) ida if it mean a good scoop my fiance would understand . beat . ida ( cont 'd ) you really buy into all this crap ? all this take back the country nonsense ? stephen ida I be not naive about this stuff . I have work on more campaign than most people do by the time they be forty ... I be tell you this be the one . ida you really have drunk the kool - aid . stephen I have drunk it it 's delicious . I do not care whether he lead in the poll ... I do not care whether he have all the tool ... because the truth be , he 's the only one that 's go to make a difference in people life ... even the people that hate he . if Mike Morris be President it say more about we than it do about he . I do not give a fuck if he can win . he have to win . ida or what ? the world will fall apart ? it will not matter ... not one bit to the everyday life of everyday fucker who work and eat and sleep and get up and go back to work again . if you boy win ... you get a job in the white house ... if he lose you be back at a consulting firm on k Street ... that 's it . you use to know that before you get all goosebumpy about this guy . Morris be a politician ... he 's a nice guy ... they be all nice guy . ( more ) ( continued ) 13. continued : ( 5 ) ida ( cont 'd ) he will let you down ... sooner or later . CUT to : ext . ramada inn sidewalk - later ida and paul walk to ida 's car . paul this be off off off the record . ida what ? paul Franklin Thompson . ida seriously ? paul off the record . the only people who know be the Governor , Stephen and I . ida my lip be seal . paul I have a meeting tomorrow at Thompson 's house . ida he 's gonna endorse ? paul after I be do talk with he , what do you think ? ida that 's huge . paul it 's more than huge . he have 356 pledge delegate ... they all travel with he . that put we over the top . ida he 's say publicly he 's not gonna endorse anyone . ( continued ) 14 . continued : paul that 's what they all say until we get they alone in a room . ida so this be for real ? paul yup . it 's just about in the bag . ida when be you gonna announce ? paul nope . that 's all you get for now . CUT to : ext . morris headquarters - cincinnati - next day establish shot . int . morris headquarters - cincinnati - next day Ben walk around to all the staffer , he hand out new cell phone . BEN okay so listen up ... this be you new cell phone ... shelly have pre - program everyone 's number in ... thank you shelly ... no personal call ... if you lose they , Paul have authorize I to kill you . Ben walk into Stephen 's office and hand he he new phone . BEN ( cont 'd ) New phone ... stephen I will get it in a bit ... as Ben leave , we see that Stephen be look at early footage of Governor Morris . another staffer and a editor be watch it with he . outside the office we can see other staffer , through the glass partition , run around in campaign mode . we see some of the footage . ( continued ) 15 . continued : gov morris ( on monitor ) the economy ... health care ... I have get to believe we can do it . we have enemy ... we have to understand why we enemy be we enemy , and see if there be something we can do about that besides use force . what we know from history be the answer to extremism be not extremism . whoever be the next president , whoever step up , have get a lot of work to do , but you have a little work to do yourself . Stephen hit pause . stephen Fucking kill I ... where do we get this ? editor before he announce at a town hall meeting in Pennsylvania ... stephen thank God it be not overseas . just get rid of it - editor it play to he base , if - stephen be you fuck stone ... this be the same ... the exact same piece the Republicans be gonna run against he in the general ... we do not need to brag about it ... hi I be neville Chamberlain and I want to be you commander in chief . editor if it 's gonna come out - stephen it 's gonna come out but not pay for by we pal . ( to staffer ) any truth on whether pullman have investment in that diamond mine in Liberia ? ( continued ) 16 . continued : ( 2 ) staffer 1 we be still check ... it be a blog so who the fuck know ... stephen do not matter I want to hear he deny it . if it 's true , find out , if it 's not , let they spend the next day tell the post that he do not own a diamond mine in Liberia ... win win . staffer 1 okay . stephen we need to counter this Christian shit we be take from last night ... so get go ... where 's we cut on the new thirty and a sixty second spot ? we will show it to he this afternoon in the staff meeting . editor get it . the editor and staffer exit . Stephen turn to he computer and type as Molly walk in and hand he some papers . molly Ben want I to get you to sign off on this before the staff meeting . stephen oh , right . thanks . I have be wait for this . molly anything interesting ? stephen just some white paper I gotta pass out tonight . molly White paper ? ( continued ) 17 . continued : ( 3 ) stephen negative shit . we oppo guy do research - we feed it to the press , hope they bite . molly so like what sort of negative stuff ? stephen read tomorrow 's paper and you ' will see . molly which paper ? stephen all of they . molly so it 's something big ? stephen I wish it be something bigger actually . just some transportation number . I will have to spin this shit pretty heavy if we want it to stick . molly well that 's what you be good at , right ? stephen I guess . molly ( holding up she phone ) do you get you phone ? stephen ( hold he up ) just now . molly ( mock serious ) it 's exciting be not it ? he look at she . stephen you a bearcat ...? ( continued ) 18. continued : ( 4 ) molly a what ? stephen a Cincinnati bearcat ? molly oh no ... I be not from here ... I work with you in Iowa actually . stephen oh that 's right ... but you change something . ( search for a way out . ) molly my hair ? stephen you change you hair . molly ( enjoying this ) no .. stephen I must look like a total dumb ass right now . molly not at all ... you be the big man on campus ... I be just a lowly intern . stephen come on it 's not like that . molly sure it be ... you get to stay at the millennium , they put we into a motel on the other side of the river . stephen you be right , I be big man on campus . molly now you be start to see . she start to leave . molly ( cont 'd ) we do have the better bar though . ( continued ) 19 . continued : ( 5 ) stephen I hear that . molly you ought to stop by one night and have a drink with the worker bee . stephen maybe I will ... when 's a good night ? molly tonight 's good ... stephen really ? Tuesday ? molly yeah it 's quiet . stephen quiet 's good . molly well you have my number . stephen I do ? molly programmed right there in you phone . stephen oh...right ... ( he open the phone ) molly under Mary . stephen ( look at the phone ) yup ... Mary . Molly laugh . then , as she exit : molly Molly ... my name 's Molly ... Stephen smile to himself . CUT to : 20 . int . senator thompson' house - charlotte n.c. - day we follow a housekeeper down the hallway and into the live room where we see Paul sit with , Senator Thompson . senator thompson that 's what I be hearing ... since Super Tuesday I be a very popular guy . what be you poll tell you ? paul that pullman 's negative be high ... mid forty . Senator we have a open seat in the White House and the Republicans do not have dick . they be disorganize and they can not find a nominee that be not a world class fuck up . they look like Democrats . no Republican be gonna show up to vote for they guy . but if pullman get the Democratic nod they will show up to vote against he . senator thompson and so you think they will not for you guy ... you think Morris get into the independent ? paul I sure do . Senator ... I be a bit confuse ... we need you delegate ... we need you ... you fund raise . it be my understanding that ... you endorsement a week before Ohio ... would win this for we ... senator thompson ( look to he aide ) estella ... hand I that ice bucket . CUT to : int . morris headquarters - cincinnati - same day we be in a staff meeting with the brain trust . Paul 's go but the rest be there ... stephen , BEN , governor morris . molly be run in and out , she get glance from all the guy . ( continued ) 21 . continued : stephen Paul know ... Paul agree ... gov . morris Ben , where 's my op ed on national service ? it 's better for I to work off of that . BEN get it right here . ( he open he laptop . ) gov . morris get I a hard copy ... I hate this fuck thing ... stephen print it out . BEN I will get it print . Molly , I be printing out this op ed ... can you grab it off the printer ? molly be right back . stephen Governor ... if you want to change ... or let call it refresh ... gov . morris just give I a second ... stephen National service be not polling like the rest of you domestic policy . gov . morris I do not give a shit about polling ... I be not go to play this game with you Stephen ... and if this be you good cop bad cop act with Paul ... stephen good cop , good cop . gov . morris I be not change it . molly return and hand the Governor a copy . ( continued ) 22. continued : ( 2 ) gov . morris ( cont 'd ) hang on . he read down until he find what he 's look for . gov . morris ( cont 'd ) yeah I say it all here , " it 's go to help people get a education ... it 's go to create national unity ... it 's go to teach young people a trade ... and it 's go to help get people out of debt from college loan . tell I where that fail . stephen all of that be exactly right ... Governor if you be go to do it ... then do it . do not make it voluntary ... mandatory . gov . morris that will poll well . stephen mandatory !... everyone who graduate high school or turn eighteen , give two year to he or she country . military ... peace corps ... plant fuck tree , I do not care ... and for that ... they college education be pay for ... period . gov . morris we do all of that now , with this ... stephen no sir you do not ... do it all ... all the way . mandatory . gov . morris Paul like this ?... you guy be my brain trust . stephen and here 's the beauty of it ... everyone who be older than eighteen and past the age of eligibility , would be for it ... create national pride ... give all the kid a education . ( continued ) 23. continued : ( 3 ) gov . morris and all the other ? stephen can not vote . too young . this sit with they . some start to smile . stephen ( cont 'd ) you can not lose . molly enter . molly Stephen you have a call on three , you dad . gov . morris okay , you and Ben work it into the stump speech - get I a hard copy and I will write it in my own word . stephen remember , Governor ... you have a six o'clock with Charlie Rose ... gov . morris why be I do he ? stephen it 's long form ... he 's fly in ... gov . morris be Paul go ? stephen no , he will not be back ... Ben and I be take you ... he exit . CUT to : int . stephen' office / int . duffy' office continuous stephen pick up the receiver and push line three . stephen ... do not tell I anyone 's die ... duffy hey Stephen ... ( continued ) 24 . continued : stephen who be this ? duffy Tom duffy ... sorry about the dad bit ... but I do not think you would want my name yell out at a Morris campaign office . stephen get up and close the door . stephen what do you want ? duffy you get a couple of minute ... I would like to sit down with you . stephen what for ? duffy I think it 's important . stephen if it 's important should not you be call Paul ? duffy I be call you ... this be all on the up and up ... just give I five minute . stephen I can not be talk to you ... duffy I hear you ... but if you get five minute ... I will be at the head first Sports bar for the next couple of hour . stephen I can not Tom . duffy there will not be anybody there ... if you get a chance there 's something I want to show you . duffy hang up . stephen sit for a few beat . he pick up he cell phone and dial ... it go straight to voice mail . ( continued ) 25 . continued : ( 2 ) stephen Paul , listen , call I as soon as you can ... it 's important . stephen hang up the phone and we stay with he . CUT to : int . stephen' rental car - outside head first sport bar - later stephen sit in the car , he watch the door of the bar make sure no one be around . CUT to : int . head first sport bar - cincinnati - later we be in a run-down bar in Cincinnati . the furniture be shabby - Formica table , cheap metal frame chair . the place be desolate except for tom and stephen who sit at the bar . duffy you be work for the wrong man . stephen you be work for the wrong man . duffy oh on the contrary you be work for the wrong man . you have get something the other guy do not have . stephen yeah ? duffy yeah , what be it exactly ? charm be not the right word . it 's more than that . you exude something . you draw people in . all the reporter love you . even the one that hate you love you . you play they all like they be piece on a chess board . and you make it look effortless . we both know how much work it take , constantly be on guard , weigh every word so carefully , every move . but from the outside , you make it look easy . ( more ) ( continued ) 26 . continued : duffy ( cont 'd ) people be scared of you because they do not understand how you do it , and they love you for it . there 's nothing more valuable in this business - the ability to win people 's respect by make they mistake they fear for love . you can guess what I be gonna say next . stephen no ... I do not think I can . duffy I want you to work for we . stephen you gotta be kid I . duffy not in the least . beat . you be go to lose Ohio . stephen I be not . duffy you be sit on about a six percent lead in both poll ... six percent of the Democrats poll . stephen eight . duffy six ... but that do not matter ... independent and Republicans can vote for the Democratic candidate . stephen you think they like you guy ?... pro choice ... tax and spend liberal ? ( continued ) 27 . continued : ( 2 ) duffy fuck no they hate he ... they think they can beat my guy ... but they be worried about yours ... so start tomorrow morning you be gonna see a fuck blitz ... rush limbaugh , Sean hannity , all the right wing blog be gonna start a " get out the vote campaign " ... it 's already start ... every fuck conservative in Ohio be gonna stand in line and punch my guy ticket ... that 's just one of the step ... Ohio be go ... the poll do not mean shit ... tomorrow morning everyone will know ... that 's why I want you to handle the fallout we will take in the press ... they look at each other . duffy ( cont 'd ) and by the way ... we have get Thompson in the bag . stephen I know for a fact that Thompson be go with we . duffy we promise he Secretary of State , Ohio be over ... it 's be over for week ... and with Thompson 's delegate ... I be think down the road now ... that 's why I want you ... I will bring you in straight at the top . stephen I can not do it . duffy I be not ask for a answer right this moment . stephen I have play dirty but I do not have to play dirty anymore ... you know why ? Cause I get Morris ! ( continued ) 28 . continued : ( 3 ) duffy none of this be about the democratic process Steve , it 's about get you guy into office . simple as that . stephen this be the sort of shit the Republicans pull . duffy you be right , this be exactly what the Republicans do , and it 's about time we learn from they . they be meaner , tougher and more discipline than we be . I have be in this business for twenty five year and I have see way too many Democrats bite the dust because they would not get down in the mud with the fuck elephant . stephen Paul 's a friend . duffy do you want to work for a friend or do you want to work for the President ? think about it ... you have my number . duffy get up and leave . CUT to : ext head first sport bar / paul' rental car / residential STREET stephen walk to he car . he dial paul on he phone . Paul be in North Carolina drive . we intercut . stephen Paul . paul ( o.s. ) they do not make quaalude any more do they ? stephen not that I know of . what 's go on with Thompson ? ( continued ) 29 . continued : paul ( o.s. ) he want something but we will be fine ... so what 's so important ? stephen it 's nothing ... never mind . paul ( o.s. ) allright ... I be on the cell if you need I . I fly to DC tomorrow and back tomorrow night . stephen yeah okay ... I will look for quaalude . paul ( o.s. ) good man . stephen end the call . he stand in silence . CUT to : int . HOTEL room - cincinnati - night we be in the bathroom of a hotel room . governor morris be be make up for the Charlie Rose show . a secret service agent stand in the adjoin room . the governor talk to the make - up lady while stephen and BEN stand in the adjoin room as well . stephen ( to BEN ) just get online and see if there 's any chatter on the blog ... BEN what kind of chatter ? there 's always chatter . stephen I do not know ... just see what they be talk about . BEN give I a second ... he set he laptop down and start type . the Governor , who 's be talk the whole time , yell out through the door . ( continued ) 30 . continued : gov . morris Stephen ... you be still single , right ? stephen I be marry to the campaign , Governor . gov . morris good answer . ( to the make - up girl ) he 's marry to the campaign ... BEN ( look at he computer ) Wall Street Journal poll have we number hold steady and pullman drop a point . stephen really ? when do they do that ? Governor ... Wall Street Journal number be in ... and pullman 's down a point . gov . morris now we be move in the right direction . Ben , be you still single ? BEN I be marry to the campaign , Governor . gov . morris ( to the make - up girl ) crack team . the governor start to sing " the best be yet to come " . stephen ( to BEN ) make sure Charlie Rose have this latest number before he go on ... BEN ( jump up ) I be on it . ( continued ) 31 . continued : ( 2 ) stephen and get a copy of the show before we leave ... hard CUT to : int . HOTEL conference room - minute later the room have be transformed into a interview space . on AIR - charlie rose and gov . morris mid-interview ... gov . morris be it a difficult decision ? I would have to believe that it be ... would I do it ? no ... but I can not see myself ... or anyone ... certainly not a government , tell a woman what she can do with she body . charlie rose so you would appoint a judge to ... gov . morris ... I would consider it arrogant to judge someone until I have walk in they shoe . charlie rose but you be against the death penalty ? gov . morris yes . because of what it say about we as a society . charlie rose suppose Governor it be you wife ... gov . morris and she be murder , what would I do . charlie rose it get more complicated when it 's personal . ( continued ) 32 . continued : gov . morris sure ... well if I could get to he I would find a way to kill he . charlie rose so you , you Governor would impose the death penalty . gov . morris no , I would commit a crime for which I would happily go to jail . charlie rose then why not let society do that ? gov . morris because society have to be better than the individual . if I be to do that I would be wrong . charlie rose and what about gun ? gov . morris be not it time for a commercial . they laugh . charlie rose this be public tv , we do not have commercial ... gov . morris that 's unfortunate . 25 CUT to : 25 int . motel - kentucky - night we be in kentucky , just over the Ohio River from Cincinnati . this be where all the intern stay . in the hotel bar , Stephen and Molly be sit at a back table , they have both be drink hard . stephen where would you go after Iowa ? molly California for Super Tuesday . stephen I have to go to New York . ( continued ) 33. continued : molly I know ... you guy need a lot more help over there . stephen yeah . so why politics ? molly because the pay be so good . stephen it just seem like a odd fit . molly my dad be Jack stearn . beat . stephen he 's a good guy . molly he 's a asshole but he 's you boss . stephen he 's not my boss . he 's the head of the dnc . molly you do not work for the Democratic National Committee ? stephen I work for Paul , Paul work for Morris and if Morris win , he 's go to be you dad 's boss . molly do not tell my dad that . stephen do not tell you dad a lot of thing . molly never . stephen what time do you start tomorrow ? ( continued ) 34 . continued : ( 2 ) molly nine am ... I be show the new intern how to robo call ... you see ... I be the experience intern . stephen I do see ... molly how old be you ? stephen how old do you think I be ? molly thirty ? stephen you think I be thirty ? molly I be sorry , how old be you ? stephen thirty ... how old be you ? molly how old do you think I be ? stephen twenty one ? molly twenty . stephen that 's young . molly too young to fuck a thirty year old ? stephen see law be different in different state . here in you hotel , in kentucky ... it 's frown upon ... but we will go across the bridge into Ohio ... molly where you hotel be ? ( continued ) 35 . continued : ( 3 ) stephen yeah surprisingly they be very lax about they child endangerment law ... molly you have a car ? I do not drive . stephen I take a cab . molly I have the key to the campaign bus ... on they smile CUT to : ext . millennium HOTEL - cincinnati - minute later the Morris campaign bus be park badly , a tire up on the curb in front of the hotel . int . millennium HOTEL - stephens's room - early morning stephen be on he cell phone , he pace back and forth in front of the tv - a news show in on . molly be in bed - sheet pull up around she , she 's just waking up . CHRIS matthews ( on tv ) in fairness , this have be try before ... operation Chaos , as rush limbaugh call it , where Republicans vote for a Democrat they think they could beat in the general election . we ask Senator pullman 's campaign manager if this sudden right wing support be welcome ... cut to a pre-tape with duffy . ( continued ) 36 . continued : duffy ( o.s. ) be it decisive ?... of course not ... look , we believe that the poll be within the margin of error and that the Senator will win Ohio ... with Ohio Democrats ... I can not really see Republicans show up to vote for we candidate ... have say that , we will take all the support we can get . stephen ( on the phone ) what time do Paul land ?... Christ ... who do we talk to about polling ?...no ... I just ... I just need to get some internal polling on the fuck independent and the right - wing nut . molly do you want I to go ? he gesture for she to wait . stephen listen , put I on the line with ... what 's the guy 's name at the Wall Street Journal ?... yeah ... molly you seem busy ... I should go . he whisper to she . stephen wait . back to phone . stephen ( cont 'd ) right ... adler ... get I on the line with he . molly Steve ? she start to get dress . stephen Molly listen , just give I a second ... I want to talk to you about something . ( continued ) 37 . continued : ( 2 ) molly we can talk about it later if ... Stephen hold he finger up . stephen ( into phone ) what ? no nobody ... just the clean lady ... listen Ben ... keep try till you get he . we be gonna go with the position that we have always say , the race be closer than the polling ... right ... no do not ... do not say that ... just get he on the line and call I ... I will handle it ... yup . he hang up . stephen ( cont 'd ) sorry about that . molly the clean lady . stephen what ? molly you call I the clean lady . stephen you be not mad about that be you ? molly no why would I be mad ? beat . molly look at the tv . molly ( cont 'd ) look . stephen be eye go to the tv where CHRIS be still talk . CHRIS mathews earlier I speak with Jack stearn , head of the dnc , and he have this to say ... ( continued ) 38 . continued : ( 3 ) jack stearn I know you be look for a reaction , but listen we have two great candidate in a very tight race ... and at the end of the day the voter will decide who best can represent this party in the fall . CHRIS mathews I understand Jack - but do not this kind of disruption take away from what you want to be push this year ? back to stephen stephen you dad be a asshole . molly I will tell he you say that . stephen do that . molly you say you want to talk to I about something ? stephen yeah , I just want ... I just want to be clear about everything ... so there 's no confusion ... molly I will not tell anyone about last night . stephen well yeah , I would appreciate it if we keep this ... I mean , you know how people be . molly really would not look good if you screw a intern . stephen it 's not like I get drunk and this happen ... I mean ... I want to ... I really like you ... you be smart ... but I just ... I do not want there to be any expectation ... ( continued ) 39 . continued : ( 4 ) molly Steven , you do not have to say anything . stephen I just do not want you to think I be some kind of player . molly well you be kind of a player , but that 's okay . stephen no I be not . I be be polite . molly start to tie stephen tie . molly bullshit ... you be try to pick I up . stephen no I be not . molly you be pretty obvious about it . stephen I be ? molly totally . stephen I think I be be all smooth and subtle . molly you be pretty forward . stephen you be pretty forward ... invite I to the bar . molly well ... I have be try to fuck you for a while . stephen wow . molly pretty slutty of I , huh ? ( continued ) 40 . continued : ( 5 ) stephen no , not at all ... I mean I kind of respect it in a weird sort of way . molly good . stephen you have absolutely no idea how to tie a tie do you ... molly no no not a clue . stephen you be very mature . molly for a teenager . Molly kiss he and exit . CUT to : ext . tarmac - lunken airfield - cincinnati - later we intercut with paul drive . stephen walk towards a private jet , the governor be at the plane talk to some aide . stephen when be you come back ? paul I will be at the event ... a little late ... this cock sucker ... fuck dirty shit . stephen what happen with Thompson ? paul nothing , the prick ... we have he all sew up ... mother fucker ...how bad be it ? stephen I be run some number now ... I do not know ... ( continued ) 41 . continued : paul alright , I will be there in three hour ... I want hard number ... and a strategy . stephen yeah I be on it ... I gotta go . he hang up . int . private jet the governor and stephen be fly through a bad storm , the plane be get knock all around . also on board be BEN and a secret service agent . Stephen be hold onto the armrest , white knuckling it , the Governor watch he . gov . morris you okay ? stephen yup ... ( nope ) just try to figure out we stop on the ground . gov . morris I think the weather might determine that . if we get there . both man sit with they head back on the headrest . stephen we will be fine ... we have to do it ... and it 's the right thing . nothing bad happen when it 's the right thing . gov . morris be this you personal theory ... cause I can shoot hole in it ... Roberto clemente ...on a humanitarian flight . stephen well there be exception to every rule ... they smile . the Governor look at Stephen . gov . morris so how we doin ? stephen Fine now . ( continued ) 42 . continued : gov . morris no I mean ... the campaign how we doin ? stephen great ... gov . morris listen Stephen ... you be not Paul . I pay he to use the word " great " . I pay you to tell I the truth . stephen I think we be solid . gov . morris okay Paul . stephen Governor there 's a big difference between Paul and I . Paul only believe in win so he will do or say anything to win . gov . morris but you would not . stephen I will do or say anything if I believe in it ... but I have to believe in the cause . gov . morris you will make a lousy consultant when you be out of this line of work . stephen well I will not be out of this line of work as long as you be in it . gov . morris so at best you have get eight year ... then you will end up with a nice little consultant firm on farragut North ... eat at the Palm ... pull in seven hundred and fifty grand a year ... pimping out Senators to Saudi prince . they both smile . stephen pimp out ex president ... ( continued ) 43. continued : ( 2 ) gov . morris then I better win ... stephen yeah . CUT to : int . kent state university - ohio - later we be in a large hall . governor morris be on stage , he stand in front of a huge american flag . Morris 's wife cindy be stand in the wing along with they seven year old daughter beth . governor morris address the crowd . gov . morris now , I have be marry for eleven year , to the smartest person I know ... and we have a normal marriage ... which mean when we disagree ... she win . what we do not ever disagree on be how we be go to leave this planet for we daughter . be we gonna leave it better off , or worse ? the richest people in this country do not pay they fare share . and when they be ask to , they cry socialism , they use phrase like redistribution of wealth . that scare everybody and they all run and they hide . for the record , my campaign be vehemently against the distribution of wealth to the richest Americans , by we government ! and I will run on that ! int . kent state university - back stage - continuous paul and stephen be back stage behind the huge american flag . we can hear the Governor 's speech in the b.g . stephen I do not think it be true . paul whoa ... stephen but I should have tell you this yesterday ... sorry ... ( continued ) 44 . continued : paul - slow down . stephen I meet with Tom duffy yesterday . paul what ? stephen you be on a plane and he call I and he ask if we could meet ... and I say why ... he say it be very important so I do ... but I should have fuck tell you ... paul stop stop let I get this straight . you meet with Tom duffy ? stephen yes . paul what would he want Stephen ? stephen - the gist of it be he want to hire I . he want I to jump ship and come work for he ... this be bad Paul . he show I poll number with pullman ahead by four . we be in really deep fuck trouble he laid out they whole plan . robo- call , traffic jam , fake light , and fuck Thompson . they promise he Secretary of State . CUT to : int . kent state university - stage - continuous gov . morris you know how you fight the war on terror ?... do not need they product anymore . they product be oil , just do not need it and they go away . we do not have to bomb anyone we do not have to invade anyone ! CUT to : 45 . int . kent state university - back stage - continuous paul if this be some sort of practical - I mean - my fuck blood pressure be go through the roof right now . stephen Paul I be sorry . believe I ... I just do not think it be true . paul it do not fuck matter what you think . it matter what you do . it matter what you do not do . if all this shit be true I make a fuck ass of myself at Thompson 's place . and I give away we game plan . stephen please believe I that I honestly believe you be gonna come back and you be gonna tell I that we have Thompson in the bag and I do not see the point . but it do not make it right and I be sorry . paul let I think ... let I think ... CUT to : int . kent state university - stage - continuous gov . morris if I be you president , the first thing I put in motion , ten year from the day I be in office ... no new car in America run on a internal combustion engine . it will create hundred of thousand of new job ... we will start the next technological revolution and we will lead the world again ... like we use to ... CUT to : 46 . int . kent state university - back stage - continuous paul we get the Governor right after he finish sing kum Bay ya and give he everything we know . stephen who do you want ... paul you , I and the Governor , that 's it ! what 's he get after ? stephen a fund -raiser in Cleveland tonight . paul he will be late ... we be gonna tell he that if he do not offer Thompson a cabinet position ... he 's not gonna get the nomination . stephen will he go for it ? paul I do not fuck know Stephen . as Paul exit he shoot back . paul ( cont 'd ) find we a room ... CUT to : int . kent state university lobby molly walk up the step of the auditorium into the lobby , a staffer hand she some papers and she continue . we pull she down a corridor and land at a rehearsal room door . she hand the papers to BEN . the Governor 's wife cindy , daughter beth and a security man be wait outside the door . int . kent state university - rehearsal room gov . morris how real be the number ? ( continued ) 47 . continued : stephen we might pick up a couple of point ... but we be ... I do not know , we lose by three or four percent . paul who the fuck know Governor ... but we can not take the chance ... gov . morris what do you think ? paul I think we fold up the campaign in Ohio ... take a loss and blame it on the Republican 's play game ... head to North Carolina . gov . morris I can not run from Ohio ... they will kill we . paul not if you get Thompson 's endorsement . gov . morris I be not gonna do it . what 's he want head of the fda or something ridiculous ? stephen cabinet post . gov . morris Labor ? stephen State ... this sit with they . gov . morris be you fuck kid I ... I be gonna give Secretary of State to a guy who want to cut the top ten floor off the UN ? Paul when we start this campaign I say I be not gonna make that kind of deal . ( continued ) 48 . continued : ( 2 ) paul Governor , if you lose Ohio , and they get Thompson 's delegate ... then they get North Carolina ... then they get the lead . a lead you can not beat . but if we walk from Ohio , take Thompson , give he a cabinet post , then we take North Carolina . his state . then Pennsylvania . you state . and then it 's simple math Mike . take he endorsement and the race be over . gov . morris Paul , I respect you ... respect you opinion ... but I be never gonna do it ... so I suggest we find a way for I to win Ohio . they sit there look at they shoe . gov . morris ( cont 'd ) anything else ? off they look we - CUT to : int . morris headquarters - cincinnati - late afternoon we be mid action . everyone be there . phones...email ... people run in and out . stephen , BEN , molly ... sleeve roll up . paul be in a close room but we can see he on the phone . stephen ( on the phone ) do we have any other senator that can go to bat for we ? House member will not do . BEN ( whisper to he ) or a Congressman from Ohio maybe . stephen right ... but we need a Senator ... one from Ohio would be nice . we push the camera through the room , edging closer to paul . ( continued ) 49 . continued : molly ( to stephen ) this be all the car rental company in Northern Ohio ... they have book every single van for Tuesday ... stephen fuck ... jess , I will call you back ... ( to Molly ) all of they ? goddamit ! BEN ( on the computer ) here 's what I have so far ... independent do not seem to be bite , but Republicans be ... or say they be . stephen they be not gonna tell a pollster that they be gonna vote Democratic ... I do not even know how to read this poll . molly I call and we can get a hundred van out of covington and Newport kentucky . stephen we do not need the fuck van ... we just do not want pullman to have they ... we keep push in on paul until we can hear he talk to a reporter on the phone . - during this conversation he type on he laptop . paul no , no that 's not what I be say ... we be the underdog before we get into this and we continue to be the underdog ... well the number ... we know the number would get closer the closer we get to Tuesday ... I be not lowering expectation ... have you ever hear I say that we have Ohio lock ?... then at least give I the courtesy of printing that in you column . CUT to : 50 . ext . governor suv - night we see the suv drive down the highway . int . governor suv - night we be in the second row of seat of the Governor 's suv . cindy be head on he shoulder . they be very comfortable and easy with each other . the Governor be write a speech on a legal pad . cindy what be you write ? gov . morris the great speech ever give on hydrogen power . cindy the bar be awfully high on that one . gov . morris do not I know it . cindy I get hit up by Mitchell 's wife for you to show up at she " daughter of the american Revolution " luncheon . gov . morris who 's Mitchell ? cindy Congressman from the first district . you might want to remember that . gov . morris Fucking congressman . could you imagine do this every two year ? cindy no I can not . let just do this one more time . gov . morris in four more year . cindy that 's it . ( continued ) 51 . continued : gov . morris deal . beat cindy you think we will lose Ohio ? gov . morris I do not know . cindy if you take Thompson 's delegate the race be over . Ohio would not matter . gov . morris be Paul work on you ? cindy ( shake she head ) Stephen . gov . morris ( smiling ) they be good . cindy be Thompson so bad ? gov . morris he 's a shit . cindy worse than pullman ? gov . morris yes Stephen . beat . gov . morris ( cont 'd ) every time I draw a line in the sand ... and I keep move it . Fund raise , union deal ... I be not go to do any of it ... negative ad ... I can not on this one . not Thompson . beat . ( continued ) 52 . continued : ( 2 ) gov . morris ( cont 'd ) tell Mrs. Mitchell I will make she goddamn luncheon . beat . gov . morris ( cont 'd ) let the old lady pat I on the head . they smile . cindy you have get great hair . gov . morris you too baby . they lay they head back onto the headrest . CUT to : int . performing art build - dayton community college - a bit later a few hundred student sit around the governor in a theater as he field question . morris be cornere by a conservative student . student 1 Gay marriage ? gov . morris it 's a silly argument . student 1 not to fifty percent of Americans . gov . morris over the age of fifty . student 1 that 's who vote ... that 's who show up at the poll . gov . morris well that 's change ... and hopefully the way we frame the argument be ... at this point the camera travel backstage to find stephen , BEN , paul and molly work the phone and laptop . ( continued ) 53. continued : paul ( to stephen ) keep a eye on the Governor . stephen ( to BEN ) let I know how it 's go out there . stephen ( cont 'd ) I be on it . BEN take we back out , and under this we hear the governor continue debate .. student 1 from ... a religious ... a gov . morris from a religious to a civil rights issue . student 1 but one could argue a great difference between gender and race . gov . morris not really . they use to ban interracial marriage ... woman could not vote ... the list go on ... student 1 the argument of course - we hear boo from student in the audience . at this point the camera find morris . Morris quiet the student . gov . morris now wait she have a point to make .... student 1 the argument be that man and woman , can in fact be separate but equal , race cannot . gov . morris how so ? ( continued ) 54 . continued : ( 2 ) student 1 you have separate public bathroom for man and woman but it would be illegal to have separate bathroom for two race . gov . morris now . student 1 ( laughing ) yes now . audience laugh . gov . morris so that 's what I be say . CUT to : int . performing art build lobby - after stephen , BEN and the rest , head out of the town hall to get on the bus . stephen what time be this on tonight ? BEN nine o'clock . stephen how would he do ? BEN he do good . CUT to : ext . campaign bus - night the bus roll down the highway int . campaign bus - night it 's a flurry of activity . stephen , BEN , molly and we regular staffer ... be all on phone , blackberry 's and laptop 's . molly look back over she shoulder to stephen , who 's face be light by he laptop . he look up ... they lock eye . 55 . int . millennium HOTEL - steven be room - night we be tight on a tv . it 's the tape broadcast of the previous town hall meeting . as the scene play we pull back to see stephen and molly make love . we see piece of body part . hand ... a leg ... hair be pull ... it 's what we have grow use to see in a seventies love scene , all light by the flicker of a television . the only score we hear be the sound of the tv . gov . morris see we be frame the argument base on the idea that homosexuality be a choice , you choose to be gay , not that you be bear that way like be bear black . because if you start the discussion with the idea that gay be not a life choice but part of you DNA , then gay marriage be and can only be a civil rights issue . another student step up to the microphone . student 2 do you think candor be you appeal ? be that what you be run on as much as you platform ...? gov . morris we will see . it will drive they to the poll one way or the other . student 2 I just hear a lot of Christian Coalition car start up . we pull focus now onto stephen and molly . stephen on top not move . he look down to the area where a erection would normally be at this time ... then he look back to Molly . stephen it 's not you . they laugh . CUT to : 56 . int . millennium HOTEL - steven be room - night - later Stephen be lie in bed work on some papers . Molly be asleep next to he . Stephen 's cell phone ring . stephen hello ... almost at the same time we hear another man 's voice on the phone . voice Molly ? they both stop . no one speak . Stephen be about to speak again when the caller hang up . Stephen look at the phone ... he then look to the bedside table where he see a identical phone . his phone . he 's pick up Molly 's phone by mistake . he look at the name of the income call ... there be none ... he look at the caller id number ... he look at the clock ... 2:30 am . stephen you phone ring . molly really ? stephen who 's call at 2:30 in the morning ? molly I do not know ? stephen he ask for you by name . molly you answer it ? stephen I think it be mine . who be it ? molly I do not know ... stephen one of the other intern drunk dial you ? ( continued ) 57 . continued : molly ( kidding ) oh that never happen ... let I see the number ... she reach for the phone , but Steven keep it away from she . stephen hold on ... molly ( still wait for it ) Stephen ... stephen I be gonna call he back . he push the redial button . molly no ! stephen ... and I be gonna tell he that I be you dad ... molly gimme my phone Stephen ! stephen and I be gonna tell he I be come over there with a shotgun ... molly ( get more urgent ) do not do that Stephen ... hang up ! Stephen , listen to the outgo message , while he look at Molly ... she eye start to well up . we hear the buzzing of the message through the phone . then we see stephen reaction as it begin to dawn on he who he 's listen to . he close the phone without leave a message . beat . stephen why be the Governor call you at 2:30 in the morning ? ( continued ) 58 . continued : ( 2 ) she say nothing . stephen ( cont 'd ) why be the Governor call you at all ? molly I be in trouble ... stephen with the Governor ? what 's go on ? molly I be work on the campaign in Iowa ... we have a party in Ben 's room after the rally in Des Moines ... stephen there be a party with you ... and ben...and the Governor . molly no he be not there . stephen where be he ? molly I take he up a hard copy of the polling number ... stephen after the party ? molly ( shake she head yes ) about midnight I guess ... I stand in the doorway with he ... we be talk ... a long time ... then he just reach behind I and close the door . stephen Jesus fuck Christ ... be you drunk ? molly not that drunk ... stephen how many time ? ( continued ) 59 . continued : ( 3 ) molly just that once . stephen do anybody know ? do anyone see you ? molly no . stephen how could you know ? molly I know ! stephen then why be he call you now ? molly I call he first . stephen why ? molly because I do not know who to go to ... and I need nine hundred buck ... stephen for what ? molly I can not go to my dad ... we be catholic . beat . molly ( cont 'd ) so what should I do ? a long beat . CUT to : ext . STREET - cincinnati - next day - morning we be close on stephen as he walk down the sidewalk and into ... 60 . int . morris headquarters - morning - continuous stephen walk into the campaign office . he look at all the poster with picture of Morris . people greet he as he walk past . the sign all look wrong now . the smile on Morris 's face look fake . he see molly as he pass and head into the war room . CUT to : int . morris headquarters - later stephen be go through the drawer in he desk ... he go to the office door , open it and yell to Ben in the bullpen . stephen Ben ... come here a minute BEN stop what he 's do and head into Stephen 's office . BEN what 's up ? stephen what 's we limit on petty cash ? BEN it 's probably five hundred . why ? stephen I need as much as we have . BEN everything okay ?... anything I can help with ? stephen yeah ... do not put it on the book . that 's all . BEN what should I put it down as ? stephen do not put it down as anything ... BEN anything over a hundred I get to put it down as something ... ( continued ) 61 . continued : stephen ( raise he voice ) just do it ! BEN exit . we follow BEN into the bullpen , past the staffer who look up at the outburst ... molly watch BEN and then look to stephen who close he door . we stay on molly . we see molly watch through the door ... as stephen finish , he open the door . stephen ( cont 'd ) Molly ... she get up and come into he office . Stephen hand Molly a folder that he write on the inside of stephen ( cont 'd ) here ... Molly open the folder and read " meet I in the stairwell at noon " . she close the folder . molly okay . Stephen hold out he hand . stephen I will take that . that 's all . he take the folder and tear it into several piece as Molly leave ... he throw the piece into the trash can . CUT to : int . stock yard bank - cincinnati - later stephen stand at a teller counter , he write out a check for eight hundred dollar to cash . the teller hand he the money . Stephen exit . CUT to : ext . stock yard bank step - continuous stephen walk down to the sidewalk . he 's on the phone with ida . ( continued ) 62 . continued : ida stevie ... off the record ... stephen no I can not tell you what happen in North Carolina . ida that 's not what I want to ask you about . stephen okay what ? ida you meet with duffy . a pause . stephen who tell you that ? ida a little bird . stephen who ? ida do you meet with he ? stephen where be you ? CUT to : int . sky walk - cincinatti - minute later ida I know you meet with he at a little bar in cincy , two night ago , just before the press conference . duffy order buffalo wing . stephen do duffy tell you this ? ida anonymous . what happen with duffy ? ( continued ) 63. continued : stephen you be suppose to be my friend ida . you would stab I in the back like this ? you would ruin my reputation just so you - ida wait wait wait - be that what you think ? that we be friend ? stephen I have give you everything - every fuck scoop , you profile with pau1 .... ida you be right - you have give I a lot . but let 's get real here Steve . the only reason you ever treat I well be that I work for the Times . not because I be you friend . you give I what I want , I write you better storey . do not pretend it 's any more than that . why would you meet with duffy ? stephen go fuck yourself . stephen start walk away . ida okay , I will make it easier on you . forget duffy . what happen at Paul and Thompson 's meeting ? stephen ( stopping ) will you keep you voice down . do you have any idea what a story like this could do to I ? ida of course I do . that 's why I be give you a choice here . stephen I could get fire . ida so it 's not a difficult choice , be it ? I have get to file by three p.m. ( more ) ( continued ) 64 . continued : ( 2 ) ida ( cont 'd ) tomorrow . you have get till then to make up you mind . Stephen be leave stand there . CUT to : ext . fountain square - cinci / int . memorial hall - a few minute later Stephen be on a pay phone in front of the fountain . duffy be at a campaign event , he also talk on he cell . stephen you mother fucker . duffy Excuse I ? stephen you leak it . duffy leaked what ? stephen do not bullshit I Tom . duffy bullshit you ... I have no idea what you be talk about . stephen I just speak with ida horowicz . duffy yeah ? stephen she 's threaten to release the story . duffy what fuck story ? stephen that we meet ! that I fuckin meet with you ! duffy how do she find out ? ( continued ) 65 . continued : stephen do not play dumb here Tom . duffy you think I leak it to she ? stephen who else ? duffy I do not leak it to she . stephen well I know I do not , so that leave you . duffy what 's she know ? stephen she know whatever you tell she . duffy I swear to Jesus I do not leak it to she Steve . I do not want this story out any more than you do . stephen well too late . duffy what do she tell you ? stephen she know where we meet , she know when we meet ... she know you have buffalo fuck wing . duffy she have a source ? stephen yes she have a source . duffy and you have no idea who it could be ? stephen yeah , you . ( continued ) 66 . continued : ( 2 ) duffy well it be not I , and for the record I do not have fuck buffalo wing . it 's gotta be some one else . stephen do you tell anyone ? duffy no. do you ? stephen no . duffy do you admit to meeting with I ? stephen no . duffy then we stonewall she and she 's get nothing . stephen she 's gonna take the story to drudge , or Roll call ... shit like that . duffy you can not stop she ? stephen she 's try to blackmail I - want info about Thompson . duffy then tell she what she want to know . stephen I can not do that . duffy you can not let this story get out . stephen I be not gonna be blackmail Tom . duffy you do not have much of a choice here . ( continued ) 67 . continued : ( 3 ) stephen if I tell she about Thompson I gotta tell she he 's gonna endorse you guy . duffy then tell she . I can handle it from my side if I start get call . stephen no fuck way . Paul tell she we have Thompson in the bag . it will make we look like fool . duffy you be gonna look like fool anyway when he endorse we . stephen I can not do it . duffy you be on a sink ship Steve . tell she what she want to know and jump . come over to we side . we can control this thing . pause . no answer from stephen . duffy ( cont 'd ) Steve ? stephen I gotta go . Stephen hang up . CUT to : int . morris headquarters - stairwell - afternoon molly walk in ... it 's dark in some place ... she do not see anyone at first . she stand there ... then from the shadow we hear stephen . stephen I be up here . ( continued ) 68 . continued : molly ( startled ) shit , you scared I . she go up the next flight of stair and stand next to he on the landing . stephen take this . he hand she a envelope . stephen ( cont 'd ) it 's almost 1800 buck ... you make the appointment now ... today ... from a pay phone ... I will take you to the clinic and pick you up ... no one else ... you understand ? molly yes . stephen you take the rest of the money and you buy a ticket home ... you can not be here anymore ... we can not afford it ... not with everything that 's gonna happen in the next week . this situation just can not be here . molly you mean I can not be here . stephen right . molly but I would never tell anyone ... stephen I would hope not . molly then why ? stephen you fuck up , Molly ... molly he and I both fuck up . ( continued ) 69 . continued : ( 2 ) stephen but I have a responsibility to he ... and more importantly I have a responsibility to this campaign . molly I could go to North Carolina and work on the campaign ... stephen Molly you have go to wake the fuck up ... this be the big league ... it 's mean ... and when you make mistake you lose you right to play . make the appointment and tell I when and where we have to go . he exit . CUT to : int . stephen' HOTEL room - later that night stephen sit at the desk in front of he laptop . BEN sit on the floor surround by papers and a laptop . as BEN be talk Stephen be stare blankly at the screen . BEN listen to this . I get the placement in the Times ... this be a match up of hope versus fear . nine time out of ten the fear candidate tend to be the most experience ... but in we presidential race the least experience candidate almost always win . JFK versus Nixon ... Carter versus Ford ... Bush versus Gore ... I like we chance with the new kid on the block , end quote . Thomas Fucking duffy ...he 's gotta be have a stroke right now . stephen be phone buzze , he pick it up and read the text . it read : noon tomorrow , molly . he set the phone down ... BEN continue talk . CUT to : 70 . ext . molly motel - a bit later stephen sit in he car in the back of the parking lot , wait ... he phone ring . he look at the caller id ... it 's ida ... he set the phone back down , wait , and see molly come out of the hotel . she look around and head toward Stephen . she get into the car and they drive off in silence . CUT to : int . / ext . stephen car - roebling suspension bridge - a bit later stephen and molly drive in silence . int . stephen be car - day - a few minute later stephen and molly drive down the street . Stephen drive until he see the clinic . he stop . int . clinic - waiting room - day stephen stand at the receptionist window and hand the nurse a clipboard with the form Molly have fill out . she hand he back the yellow copy and he sit down next to molly . stephen so just call I when you can leave okay . molly ( look at the clinic ) I hate this shit ... stephen I will be back , this will all be over ... molly yeah ... stephen leave . CUT to : int . millennium HOTEL - paul be room - day we be in paul be room . he 's lie on the bed , talk on he cell phone . BEN sit at the desk work on a laptop . ( continued ) 71 . continued : paul absolutely - there 's no question about it .... a knock . paul go to the door , open it and wave stephen in , shutting the door behind he as he enter . paul ( cont 'd ) but we have get to think broad stroke here , rethink everything .... uh- huh .... yeah , I know how to handle it .... look , stevie just get here . can I call you back in a few minute ? .. okay , bye . ( he hang up ) the Governor . we have a good long talk on the way back . he 's up to speed with everything . stephen how would he take it ? paul better than I think he would . still will not take Thompson 's endorsement . stephen Paul - I gotta tell you something . paul what 's up ? stephen ida know I meet with duffy . paul stare at he blankly . stephen ( cont 'd ) I do not know how she find out . try to blackmail I . Said she be gonna let the story out if I do not tell she what happen at you meeting with Thompson . paul so it 's gonna hit the papers . stephen probably . yeah . whoever she take it to , they be gonna call I for a statement . ( more ) ( continued ) 72 . continued : ( 2 ) stephen ( cont 'd ) I could just deny the whole thing , but if they call duffy and he admit to it , that could look worse . if I say no comment they will not let up . paul I leak it to ida . pause . BEN look up from he laptop . paul ( cont 'd ) at the event . stephen I do not understand . paul we make a deal . stephen Paul ... they be gonna print that story in the paper tomorrow morning . paul I know . stephen but why ? why would you do that to I ? why would you do that to the campaign . paul the campaign will survive . stephen then why would you do that to I ? paul make it easier to let you go . stephen what ? paul why would you meet with duffy ? stephen I make a mistake - a stupid mistake . ( continued ) 73. continued : ( 3 ) paul no Stephen . you do not make a mistake . you make a choice . you call I and leave a message to call back ... that it be important . but when I do ... you say to forget about it . you choose not to tell I . why do you make that choice ? stephen I do not think it be important . paul sure you do . but you go because you be curious , because you be flatter . because it make you feel special to think duffy want to speak to you instead of I . because you think to yourself : maybe I can get something out of this . because it make you feel big . first campaign I run tiny little race in kentucky - state senate seat . workin for redneck nobody name mcguthrie . have no money , no staff , no fuckin office . everyone think we do not stand a chance . there 's no way we can compete . and about this time , a guy run a congressional campaign a few district over give I a call . say , " I really like what you be able to do for poor ole ' Sam . but let 's face it , he 's a goner , so why do not you come work for I ? " what do I do ? well Stephen - this be where you and I be different . I tell Sam about the call . and Sam say to I , " Paul , you think this other 's guy 's get a shot at win , and he can pay you more than anything I can afford , so if it 's what you feel you need to do , then I will not get in you way . " so I say , " Sam - you take a chance and hire I when I be even more of nobody than you be , and I would be damned if I be gonna jump ship just because the shit hit the fan . " we lose the race , but three year later , when Sam decide to run for Governor - who do you think he call ? we win that race . ( more ) ( continued ) 74 . continued : ( 4 ) paul ( cont 'd ) and twenty year later I be where I be now . ( beat ) there 's only one thing I value in this world Steve , and that 's loyalty . without it you be nothing and you have no one . and in politics it 's the only currency that you can count on . that 's why I be let you go . not because you be not good enough . but I value trust over skill . and I do not trust you anymore . stephen well it really be not whether you trust I , it 's whether the Governor do . paul the Governor know , he think it 's the right thing to do . stephen he do . paul if I be you ? I would get a good night sleep because you be gonna get fuck pound by call from the press in the morning ... off of Stephen we : CUT to : int . clinic - day - later molly be sit in the clinic wait room , Post - op . the nurse come out with a bag of prescription drug and some instruction . nurse this be vicodin ... they be for the pain . you have ambien ... that ' will help you sleep ... and I throw in a couple of xanax for the next couple of day . do the doctor explain there would be some bleed ? Molly nod . ( continued ) 75 . continued : nurse ( cont 'd ) not much ... and it should not last very long . if it do you will need to call we . Molly just sit there stare . nurse ( cont 'd ) do you have a ride ? Molly shake she head yes . nurse ( cont 'd ) okay ... if you need anything you just call the clinic ...okay . molly ( nods ) okay . the nurse walk back into the office . molly just sit there ... by herself . we stay with she for a while . CUT to : ext . stephen' rental car - afternoon stephen be drive . CUT to : ext . clinic - afternoon molly walk outside the clinic and down the street . CUT to : ext . cafe near clinic - later through the front window we see Molly sit in a booth make a phone call . there be a tv on the wall , the news play . debbie dixon yes Mike , Senator Franklin Thompson of North Carolina arrive at the lunken airfield today ignite rumor of a deal in the work . ( more ) ( continued ) 76 . continued : debbie dixon ( cont 'd ) the NY time be report that Senator Thompson will pledge he three hundred and fifty - six delegate to Senator pullman . CUT to : ext . clinic STREET - night stephen drive by the clinic , he slow to see if Molly be still there . the clinic be close . CUT to : ext . molly motel - kentucky - night molly get out of a cab and walk into the hotel . under this we hear : BEN hey , where be you today ? molly I be not feel great Ben ... int . molly motel - kentucky - night we be in front of molly be door as the scene continue . BEN you pick a hell of day to call in sick ... Jesus ... fuck wild day ... molly why ? BEN Stephen 's off the campaign . Paul fire he . some fuck set up about loyalty and it look like Stephen be double down with duffy on the pullman campaign . I be sit in the room when Paul tell Stephen that he be fire . Stephen say who 's gonna take over and Paul say I ... and I be like ... easy there soldier ... but Stephen go ape shit then Paul give the speech about loyalty and then shit on Stephen like I have never see before ... christ ... humiliate shit . ( continued ) 77 . continued : molly when be this ? BEN Molly listen to I ... I be gonna run the campaign under Paul ... Stephen be go to duffy . I just jump three year ahead ... so start tomorrow morning we go into full damage control and I be tell you Stephen 's go ape shit ... he say he 's take everyone down on he way out ... Morris , everybody ! phone ring . BEN ( cont 'd ) shit I gotta take this . do you need anything ? molly no . CUT to : int . pullman headquarters - cincinnati - night stephen enter the office , staffer look up and recognize he . stephen where 's duffy ... staffer 1 you get a appointment ? Stephen keep walk . Stephen arrive at a medium size , glass partition office . as he look in , we see duffy and five or six staffer around a table . duffy be hold court , the mood be light . duffy notice Stephen stand there . duffy walk Stephen a few door down to a conference room . a single staffer be work on a laptop . duffy Joe can you excuse we for a minute . the staffer leave and duffy close the door . ( continued ) 78 . continued : duffy ( cont 'd ) not very bright , walk in here ... stephen I be in . I be come to work for you . duffy a reporter at Roll call phone I this afternoon . stephen I know who leak it . duffy who ? stephen Paul . duffy you tell Paul ? stephen yeah . I tell he we meet . he leak it . duffy you should not have tell he that . stephen I feel like I should . duffy I have work with Paul . he get paranoid . stephen obviously . duffy so he fire you . stephen I quit . duffy you be lie to I ... come on ... stephen I quit ! and I can give you everything on Morris . everything . ( more ) ( continued ) 79 . continued : ( 2 ) stephen ( cont 'd ) I can lay out he whole strategy for you . duffy I already know he strategy . Paul give it all to Thompson . stephen what if I have something else ? duffy you would do that to Morris ? to Paul ? stephen yeah . duffy revenge make people unpredictable Steve . I can not have someone who 's unpredictable . who 's unstable . stephen ( calmly ) I be not unstable . duffy if it have be a clean break - if you would leave Morris before this story break , that would be one thing . that we could control . but the way it would look now - Paul fire you and then you come work for we . look like we be pick up the scrap . put Morris in the driver seat . I can not have that . we see a shot close on stephen be clinch fist hold the yellow copy from Molly 's clinic visit down by he side . we pan up to he face . stephen what if I have something big ? duffy like what ? stephen something big . something that ' will bring Morris down . duffy what be it ? ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 3 ) stephen ( shake he head ) give I the job . duffy it 's not gonna happen . I be sorry . go take a nice long vacation . beat . duffy ( cont 'd ) you be a smart guy Steve . everything I say yesterday be true . but maybe politics be not for you . stephen Politics be my life . duffy do yourself a favor . get out now while you still can . go into entertainment , or business , or open a fuck restaurant in costa rica - anything . do what will make you happy . you stay in this business long enough it make you jade and cynical . stephen like you ? duffy yeah . just like I . stephen you know I be gonna tell Paul . duffy I do not know . I think you might , but I do not know . stephen you know if I tell he he would fire I . duffy thing you gotta know about Paul - he 's big on loyalty . stephen yeah I get a nice speech on that . you be never gonna hire I . ( continued ) 81 . continued : ( 4 ) duffy put yourself in my shoe Steve . you opponent have the best media mind in the country work on he team . what do you try to do ? you either try to hire he yourself , or work it so if you can not have he , the other team can not either . this be a win-win situation for I . you work for we - great . Paul do not have you . then again , if Paul fire you and I do not take you - fine - Paul still do not have you . either way I win . the moment I get you to sit down in that chair , I know I would win . stephen this be my life you be talk about . duffy it 's not easy for I to do this sort of thing Steve . do not think I take any pleasure in it . I be sorry for you . I really be . take care of yourself . CUT to : 64 stephen pull into the parking lot . int . molly motel - kentucky - night stephen climb the back stairwell to avoid see any of he former co-worker . he get to the fifth floor and walk down the hall towards Molly 's room . as he turn the corner he see a may 's cart in front of she room . the door be halfway open . as he start walk towards she door , we see the HOTEL manager come run out of Molly 's room , he head the opposite way towards the elevator ... he 's fumble with he walkie-talkie . stephen get to she room and we see a janitor kneel over Molly 's lifeless body . Stephen step into the room . he can barely move . he just stand there look at the situation . the janitor be on the phone . ( continued ) 82. continued : janitor no mar 'am she 's not breathe ... no nothing ... Stephen be look at Molly ... he look around the room ... he see she prescription bottle empty on the bed next to she ... he see she clothes all around the room . janitor ( cont 'd ) ... I do not know , fifteen minute ... how far away be they ? the janitor now turn and look at stephen janitor ( cont 'd ) do you know she ? stephen nod he head yes . janitor ( cont 'd ) she 's go . we hear the sound of a distant ambulance . janitor go back to the phone . janitor ( cont 'd ) hello ... I be sorry what ? yes I can hear they now ... stephen look down on the bed and see Molly 's phone . he reach down take it and slide it in he pocket . Close on stephen face as he stare down at Molly . we hear the ambulance approach the building CUT to : ext . molly motel - night - second later Stephen come run out the door . a ambulance have pull up and emt 's be on they way in . Police be also pull up . Stephen keep walk - he get in he car and sit there . nothing . no emotion . Stephen pull out he phone and listen to he message . phone you have four new message and four save message . first new message . ( continued ) 83. continued : beep . molly ( o.s. ) uhm ... where be you ?... it 's uhh ... ( crying ) it 's four something ... they be gonna close in a few minute ... beep . BEN ( o.s. ) Stephen , it 's Ben ... listen ... what the fuck ... do Paul lose he mind ?... Jesus ... what be you gonna do ? call I . beep . molly ( o.s. ) Stephen I just hear from Ben ... please do not do anything fuck up ... ( she 's lose it . ) godamnit you motherfucker pick up the phone ! do not do it you fuck ! beep . we now hear Molly in a very different tone , calmer , maybe even drunk . molly ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I be not go away ... beep . Stephen hang up . we stay on he for a while . CUT to : int . morris headquarters - next morning the governor , paul , BEN and the other staffer , sit in front of a monitor watch a news piece . we now cut to CNN footage in front of a hospital as we hear the report continue . ( continued ) 84 . continued : JOHN king ( v.o. ) the coroner have state , that base on the evidence find by the police in the hotel room , that this be a accidental overdose , a lethal cocktail of alcohol and prescription drug . the Cincinnati police chief , darryl mathews , have call for a full investigation pend a toxicology report which could take up to two week . just a terrible terrible situation for the former Senator , now dnc Chairman , Jack stearn and he family . off the Governor 's face we : CUT to : ext . riverside park - kentucky - day stephen and senator thompson be seat on a bench . senator thompson I want on the ticket ... you need I on the ticket ... and you need my delegate ... you could use they before Tuesday . make a fine story on the Sunday morning news cycle ... so I expect to hear from you by noon tomorrow ...or I endorse pullman and take my cabinet seat . they look at each other . senator thompson ( cont 'd ) anything else you want to talk about ? CUT to : int . PRESS room - cincinnati - next morning we be at a press conference - the governor , paul , BEN , and the rest of the staff , be stand behind the microphone . the Governor be make a statement gov . morris the entire staff be in a state of shock . we have send we condolence to Jack and joanna stearn and they whole family ... ( more ) ( continued ) 85 . continued : gov . morris ( cont 'd ) and of course we heart go out to they ... it 's hard to imagine what they be go through ... all we know at this point be it appear to be a drug ... a accidental prescription overdose . ida ? ida be suicide rule out ? gov . morris we have no reason to believe ... he look to Paul . gov . morris ( cont 'd ) I do not think we have any of that information yet . obviously there will be a full investigation . just want to say that we heart go out ... we prayer go out to the entire family ... and she be part of we family . reporter 5 do you know she well Governor ? gov . morris not well . but I do know she , and what I see be a hard work , young woman , with a great and positive spirit . it 's a very sad day in we campaign and a very sad day for the people close to Jack . reporter 6 how long have she intern with you Governor ? the Governor look back at Paul . Paul step up to the mic . paul she would only be on the road with we for a few week ... maybe four I think , I can check . ida will you continue with you schedule today ? you be set to tour proctor &amp ; gamble this afternoon . ( continued ) 86 . continued : ( 2 ) paul we will most certainly stay on schedule . this accident , and we have to assume for now it 's a accident , be just simply a tragedy . the work , the schedule will not be alter . it just mean that that of we that know Molly will go about we job with a heavy heart . as this question continue , the Governor 's cell phone vibrate . he pull it from he pocket and read the name of the caller . it read " Molly . " he look up . panic start to set in - the only sound we hear be he heart beat and the phone vibrate . the Governor look at each of he staff member . then he scan around the room look through the press corps up to the back doorway where he lock eye with Stephen . stephen hold a cell phone to he ear . they stare at each other . then Stephen hang up , and the Governor 's phone stop vibrate . Stephen turn and leave . CUT to : ext . restaurant - cincinnati - that night stephen approach the restaurant - the light be off . he peer through a window - we hear the door unlock . one of the Governor 's secret service men open the door . he motion Stephen in . int . restaurant - cincinnati - continuous Stephen follow the secret service guy through the dark restaurant - they pass several other secret service guy sit in booth . they cross towards the back to the kitchen door - stephen enter . int . restaurant kitchen - continuous the kitchen be small and dimly light . the Governor be stand behind the center island - hang pan hide he face . gov . morris it seem you have something you want to talk about . stephen do it seem that way ? ( continued ) 87 . continued : gov . morris if you have something ... or think you have something you want to get off you chest ... stephen what 's say I do the talk and you do the listen . gov . morris okay . stephen as of tomorrow morning there 's go to be some change in you campaign . Paul be out . I will be you senior campaign manager . I will draft a statement , " we be at a point in the campaign where some change have to be make etc . " you can put you own word in there , you do it better than most . gov . morris and why would I do that ? beat . stephen because you want to win . because you break the only rule in politics . you want to be President , you can start a war , you can lie , you can cheat , you can bankrupt the country , but you can not fuck the intern ... they will get you for that . gov . morris what do you think you have Stephen ? a troubled young girl tell you a story . stephen a troubled young pregnant girl ... gov . morris be that what she tell you ? stephen ... who need cash for a abortion . ( continued ) 88. continued : ( 2 ) gov . morris what do you do , give she money ? maybe she just want cash and you be the perfect guy to hit up . stephen be that you best play ? gov . morris you need a job that bad Stephen ? you walk in here with you dick in you hand ... you have get nothing . stephen so how do I get here ? you be right Mike , there 's nothing . no phone message , no text , no e- mail , no photo or tape , and yet I be stand right here . gov . morris well go home . stephen she leave a note . the Governor stand in silence . gov . morris how would you know that ? stephen I clean up you mess . I take she phone and I find she note . they stare at each other in silence . gov . morris I think it be a accident . then : stephen you tell I , you be the last one she call . note say she be pregnant , say you be go to pay for she abortion ... it also say she do not want to hurt you . gov . morris then why would she leave a note that could only do that ? ( continued ) 89 . continued : ( 3 ) stephen because she 's twenty . gov . morris what do you want ? stephen Paul 's go today . I set a meeting with you and Thompson where you promise he the ticket . you get three hundred and fifty - six pledge delegate , you get North Carolina , and then you take office and make right what so many have make wrong . all the thing we both believe in . gov . morris well I do not believe in extortion ... I do not believe in tie myself to you for the next eight year . stephen four year , let 's not get ahead of ourselves . a long beat . finally the Governor say : gov . morris what be you do in she room ? stephen housekeep , before you end up on page one . gov . morris no . you be already fire , you be out . what be you do in she room ? stephen I be fix a situation ... I get a call , someone from the hotel think I could help and call I . gov . morris you be off the campaign , but you think it be important to come back and fix thing ? it be you voice on the phone the other night . ( more ) ( continued ) 90 . continued : ( 4 ) gov . morris ( cont 'd ) you be fuck she . what do you do Stephen ? stephen I loan she some money and give she a ride . gov . morris I bet you do . pause . and then : gov . morris ( cont 'd ) there 's no note . stephen okay , there 's no note . gov . morris show it to I . stephen you think I bring it here ? that 's how people get hurt . gov . morris okay let 's play this out . you be not wear a wire because everything you have suggest be illegal ... and you would not fare well in federal prison . you be fuck she and she tell you about she situation . there be no record or conversation between we . and since she 's have a abortion , no DNA evidence . so if there 's no note , then it 's you word against mine . you word . a fire , disgruntled , employee , or a sit governor ... there 's no note . stephen it 's you call Governor . as the Governor weigh he option we - CUT to : 91 . int . barber shop - early morning paul be sit in a barber shop get he hair cut ... the barber cut ... Paul sit there . the tv be on ... a sport show ... no one talk . we watch Paul 's face as the barber clip the back of he head . CUT to : ext . STREET outside barber shop paul walk out , start down the street . as he pass the first corner , he see the Governor 's suv and the secret service suv both park on the side of the road . Paul look at the suv ... then walk up to the window . the window roll down and the governor lean he head out . gov . morris Paul you get a minute ? we stay outside the car for along time . we hear CHRIS mathews under this shot . we see Paul get out of the suv and the two suv drive off , leave he stand there . ext . nicer HOTEL - cincinnati - next day - establishing int . nicer HOTEL room - cincinnati - next day stephen be in a different hotel now . the tv be on . CHRIS mathews how much could a big shake up day before the Ohio primary hurt a campaign . I ask Paul Zara how he fire could actually help the candidate . we see stephen , shave in the bathroom mirror , as he listen to the tv . paul the Governor and I both feel , that in light of some of this change number , it be best to put a new face on the campaign ... Stephen be very talented ... very smart ... CUT to : 92 . ext . wheeling west virginia - same day we see a shot of a old church . people be walk up the step and through the big open door . int . church - wheeling west virginia we be at a memorial service for Molly . we see a lot of young people . paul be sit in the back row . as Molly 's father jack stearn speak stephen walk in . he sit in the adjacent row - he and Paul look at each other . jack stearn you always hear people talk about event out of sequence ... the order of thing . there be no great grief than a parent lay they child to rest ... she be a little girl try to make it in a very grow up world ... a world be every mistake be magnify and she be smart and pretty and so so young . he look to the priest next to he . jack stearn ( cont 'd ) Father , you ask we to accept God 's plan , to not question he judgment , with all due respect , I do not accept this judgment . she make the world better , not just for I , but for everyone she touch . fade to : ext . church - wheeling west virginia - later we be on the street in front of the church . people be filing out . paul be wait next to stephen be car as Steven walk up . paul you should hire Jack for a speech writer . stephen I will keep that in mind . be you here to talk to I ? ( continued ) 93. continued : paul no . I be friend with the family . I get she the internship ... know she since she be bear . stephen I be sorry . paul the Governor could not make the flight ? stephen he 's meeting with Thompson . paul look at you , all grow up with tit and all . stephen I learn from the best . paul one day we will grab a beer and you will tell I what you have on the Governor that put I out . stephen how do you know I do not have something on you ? they both smile . paul you better get go , you have get a campaign to run and I have get office to go look at . stephen farragut North ? Paul nod he head . paul Nice consultant firm right off of k Street . Paul turn to leave . paul ( cont 'd ) a million a year and nobody to fuck you over . ( continued ) 94 . continued : ( 2 ) stephen sound relax . Paul , without look back . paul do not it . CUT to : int . xavier university - cincinnati - day governor morris with he wife and daughter , stand at the podium just behind Senator Thompson . there be a few hundred people in attendance , campaign worker , supporter and press . senator thompson and the right man to lead this great nation of ours in this challenging time and the next President of the United States of America , Governor Mike Morris !... and I ask only one thing , that all of we stand shoulder to shoulder and arm in arm in a united Democratic party . huge cheer . senator thompson ( cont 'd ) and I strongly urge that the three hundred and fifty - six loyal delegate that I have carry as a badge of honor , throw they support to the Governor . let 's end this primary and get on to the business of 1600 Pennsylvania Ave ! more big cheer . senator thompson ( cont 'd ) thank you . and God bless the United States of America . Thompson turn and shake the hand of Governor Morris . Morris step up to the microphone . CUT to : ext . xavier university - cincinnati under the follow we hear the Governor 's speech . ( continued ) 95 . continued : we see Satellite truck , press vehicle , police car , etc . at a catering truck we see a pair of hand grab some coffee and cookie . this be another young intern , jill . we follow she across the street and into a door . int . xavier hallway &amp ; reception room - continuous jill come through the door . we follow she through the hallway crowded with television cable and technician . she make she way in to a large reception room , where Stephen be watch Governor Morris give he speech . she hand he a coffee . we cut between the Governor and Stephen watch from the back . gov . morris thank you Senator Thompson ! well the poll be not quite close , but I want to congratulate Senator pullman ... and he Republican constituent on they win here in Ohio . the room explode in laughter and applause . gov . morris ( cont 'd ) Senator Thompson I be honore to stand here today with you . I be humble by you kind word , thank you . lady and gentleman , today mark the beginning of a fight between two set of ideal . either we be go to move forward or be go to live in the past ... either we be go to lead the world in technology , or we be go to bury we head in the sand ... the sand of Saudi Arabia ... the sand of Iraq ! either we be go to let greed and corruption ruin we industry and we shoreline or we be go to take back we country ! we be not a nation use to come in second or third ... cheer . CUT to : 96 . int . xavier university - hallway &amp ; staging room while the Governor 's speech continue we stay close on Stephen as he walk through the crowd . we follow he into Governor Morris 's staging area . four monitor on a table show different network feed . we watch Stephen roll down he sleeve and button he shirt . he tie he tie and put he jacket on . from the monitor we hear reporter etc . we push in on one of the monitor where duffy be be interview . as we push in we see stephen cross out of the room . BEN be watch , he look back and smile at stephen . duffy no it 's not decisive , we still have several contest and that state be go to want to have they say . it do look like we will win Ohio ... rachel maddow but you must concede that this three hundred and fifty - six delegate put the pledge delegate out of reach . and with word today that the super delegate be break three to one for Morris . duffy we still have a lot of contest Rachel , Ohio be - rachel maddow well then do you have the fund ? as we read it - duffy ( smiling ) of course we have the fund . we be get new donation daily ... we new intern , jill cross into frame look down at BEN . jill hey ... Ben ... I be tell to talk to you . I be suppose to get a phone ... BEN right ... you be .... ( continued ) 97 . continued : jill Jill Morris ... no relation . BEN be you a bearcat ? jill no ... I be from Columbus I be a Buckeye . CUT to : ext . xavier university - quad - continuous a shot of stephen walk across the quad towards the gym . int . xavier university gym corridor - continuous we pick up Stephen walk with ida . ida you be make I look bad . stephen how so ? ida I just file a story that say you be off the campaign and Thompson be go to pullman . stephen you can not believe everything you read . ida I want to give you a opportunity to comment on my next story . it say that you deliver Thompson ... you get the three hundred and fifty - six delegate , you deliver the nomination . and all you ask in return be Paul 's job . any chance of you confirm that ? they approach a security guard stand by a set of double door . stephen no press beyond this point ... she 's press . I will read about it in the funny papers . ( continued ) 98 . continued : ida come on Stephen ... be not we friend anymore ? stephen you be my best friend ida . and Stephen walk through the door . int . xavier university - gymnasium - a few minute later a wide shot of the darken gymnasium . Stephen sit on a stool in front of a camera light by a single television light . we be now in tight - one person be put a mic on Stephen while the other be apply make-up . no one speak . the sound man then put and earwig into stephen ear . SOUND man you should be able to hear they ... do you hear they ? we hear the buzzing in he ear of the broadcast from New York . stephen yeah I can hear they . SOUND man good , quick mic check can you count to ten for I ? Stephen count to ten . everyone stand behind the camera . the sound man with he headset on whisper .. SOUND man ( cont 'd ) they be come to you in about forty five second . we sit in silence stare at stephen face . ten second - nothing . twenty second - nothing this scene start to resemble we open - a dark auditorium - only a few people do they individual job . Stephen look at two intern hold clipboard and cell phone . ( continued ) 99 . continued : the first ad be sit on the floor talk on he headset . the cameraman make adjustment . a man sweeping the gym floor in the distance . they all seem to be stare at he . they probably be not - but he feel it . the enthusiasm and excitement of Stephen have give over to emptiness . the price of win at all cost . we stay on Stephen 's face . we now hear the Governor 's speech through Stephen 's earwig . gov . morris Senator Thompson I be proud that you have bring integrity back to this election . because that 's what this come down to , integrity . who we be . because how we project ourselves to the rest of the world matter !... dignity matter !... integrity matter !... we future depend on it ! forty second - the silence be break by the SOUND man . SOUND man come to you in five ...four ...three ...two ... through the earwig we hear a JOHN king . JOHN king we now have Governor Morris 's new senior campaign advisor , Stephen myer , come to we from xavier University where Senator Thompson have just endorse Governor Morris , essentially end this primary race . ( to Stephen ) Stephen , can you give we some insight into how this whole thing unfold ? and before he can answer we : CUT to black :