for you consideration a ial be favourite written by deborah davis and tony mcnamara h E favourite written by deborah davis and tony mcnamara the favourite written by deborah Davis and tony McNamara final shoot script - 23rd MARCH 2017 element picture scarlet film 21 mespil Road 3 Oakley studios Dublin 4 Upper cheyne row Ireland London sw3 5 jw , UK ext countryside 1 a carriage cross the landscape . int carriage day 2 aman in a military uniform with one arm . Inside the carriage , ( think overload modern taxi ) seven or eight people be cramme in . abigail , a open , friendly innocent woman be crush to the side . she clutches a dirty purse and a letter in she hand . two kid , snot stream from they nose , cough TB into the air . the military man smile at she . she smile back empathetically , then notice he other arm jiggling . she look down . he have he hand inside he pants and be jerk off . abigail must you ? int palace courtyard / SF gate day 3 a shout and the carriage stop . abigail get up . stands and yank the door open , a man grab she arse . she pull away but trip and launch off the edge of the carriage fall face first into the mud . she grab she bag . look up at the castle before she . to she right soldier be stand around a fire warming themselves , a few amputee . ext kitchen day 4 the servant 's entrance to the busy kitchen of the castle . at the door , sally , a young may , stare at abigail and take the letter she hand she . she close the door . abigail wait . ext kitchen day 5 now meg , the dour , fat 60ish housekeeper open the door and stare at she . she motion she to come in . int kitchen day 6 abigail step through into the busy basement kitchen . mrs meg grab a hunk of bread . Sally will take you to clean up and then to she ladyship . abigail grab the bread and follow Sally . she tear at the bread ravenously . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 2 . 7 int backstairs / wws day 7 they head up the stair . and through a door . 8 int hallway / A&E day 8 they walk along the hallway , wooden , line with rug . beautiful , ornate and opulent . abigail stare at she surroundings . she sniff herself , aware of she stench . abigail this mud stink . sally they shit in the street round here . political commentary they call it . Sally open a door . sally ( cont 'd ) go through here . clean yourself up . abigail thank you so much . abigail go through . Sally shut the door behind she with a smile . abigail in darkness , find herself behind a thick curtain . she fumble she way and push through it to find ... 9 int drawing room day 9 godolphin , marlborough and sarah stare at she . sarah I do not know the new sewer end in here . godolphin and marlborough laugh . abigail Lady marlborough . she curtsey . abigail ( cont 'd ) it be I abigail . dear cousin . I have a letter from we aunt and ... I be sorry , I do not to mean to present as a ... I fall out of the carriage , .. and a man be pull he ... never mind the man . my letter from we aunt ... the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 3 . she hold out the mud soak letter but stop , flustered , as two fly arrive to buzz around she . sarah Friends of yours ? abigail I be sorry ... i. she shoos at they . sarah you name girl . if we be blood , name it . abigail oh . I do not ... abigail Hill . sarah the somerset Hills ? godolphin the one who go mad and burnt he own house down , himself in it . marlborough lose all he money at whist . godolphin no one bet on whist . sarah my uncle be one of a kind . abigail I apologise for my appearance I do . the staff lead I here . a harmless prank of some sort I suspect . sarah and you want ? abigail I hope I might be employ here by you ... as something . sarah a monster for the child to play with perhaps ? abigail yes . if you like . she raise she hand and make a ' gggrrr 's sound . they smile at this . Sarah consider she . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 4 . sarah go back to that gouty old slattern Mrs meg and tell she I say to give you quarter , food and something to do . take you fly with you . abigail , thrilled , curtsy , turn and fight she way back through the curtain . they be all amused . 9a int anne's apartment day of a Queen Anne stand , crown on she head , regal cape on . from behind she hand reach up and remove she crown . another may undoe she cape and take it . Sarah watch on . they leave . Anne limp to a chair . anne how be my speech ? sarah you be brilliant . anne do I have a lisp ? sarah you do not lisp . anne I know that 's what be troubling about it . the think I suddenly do . Sarah , you must say hello to the little one . sarah no . anne please ? Sarah look over at the fence off hay - fill pen that contain seventeen white rabbit . sarah it be macabre . I love you but that I will not do . anne if you love I ... sarah Love have limit . anne it should not . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 5 . 10 int secret passage day 10 anne wait . breathe a little bit fast . Sarah step in . through the darkness Queen Anne and Sarah walk . Anne put a blindfold on Sarah , she start to bump into wall . Anne laugh and rights she . they get to a door . Anne use the key which be around Sarah 's waist . find the lock , slide the key in , turn the lock , the door open . 1 int sarah' apartment day i Sarah stand in front of a model of blenheim Palace . Anne watch on excitedly as she remove the blindfold . a model sit there . Sarah consider the model and walk round it . sarah you do not lisp but you be mad . give I a palace ?! anne I have be want to get you something for a while . it seem a good opportunity . marlborough win . be the tories alright about it ? I could not tell . they stare at each other through the aperture of the model . a moment between they . Sarah shake she head . sarah it be a monstrous extravagance Mrs morley . we be at war . anne we win . sarah it be not over . we must continue . anne oh ... I do not ... know that . well Mrs Freeman , you will ... be clever as keeper of the privy purse ... and afford it . 12 int great hall evening 12 the man and woman of the court ( courtier ) and some of the politician ( whig & torie ) mill about have drink . a man carve bloody slice off a roasting elk ( carving man ) , its head still intact . marlborough address the group . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 6 . marlborough gentleman ! duck ! we see a makeshift ring have be fashioned out of chair and upturn table . godolphin hold a duck , he let it go at the same time a tory next to he do the same . money be thrust to a central bookie ( tory ) who hold bet . the duck race to cheer . Sarah enter , grab a glass of wine off a footman ( 3 ) who be hold a tray of they . her husband look over at she . she nod hello . harley walk up beside Sarah . harley a palace ! sarah you seem angry at my good fortune . and I think we be friend . harley I really doubt you have make that mistake . sarah well I be actually just teasing . I think you would see that . harley it will not stand . sarah well it will if I build it use the best craftsman in the land . T hope it will stand for a hundred year as a symbol of my husband 's gallant victory . harley and I applaud you husband 's gallant victory . however consider the parlous state of the treasury , it seem something the Queen should have take advice from the loyal opposition on . sarah but then it wouldve lose that delightful surprise element . you know like Christmas morning ? if st . Nicholas bill you first it lose its frisson . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 7 he stare at she . Building to something . harley cunt ! sarah and there I be expect something witty that rhyme . a ' aaah 's go out from the crowd . godolphin and marlborough approach . godolphin lead a duck . godolphin Horatio have do it again . Sarah warmly squeeze marlborough 's hand as he settles beside she . harley Prime Minister we need to discuss who will go to the french with the peace treaty proposal . sarah we do not need a peace treaty . we have they on the run . harley so they will give in to we . godolphin one battle will not win the war . harley I have hold my party together , as we the country landowner have essentially pay for this entire war . godolphin and grateful we be . harley while city merchant have enrich themselves from it . marlborough yet I do not see you fat tweedy dead when I look out on the field of battle . harley we be out of money . my point . godolphin we will raise tax again . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 8 . 13 14 harley you would be wise to rethink that godolphin . I help unite parliament for this . I will not do it again . sarah the french be chasten but not defeat harley . we must destroy they . make they sue for peace , with break back and begging heart . harley what a sweet wife you have marlborough . marlborough sweet . and right . harley I can not agree . we must take it to the Queen . if you would be kind enough to arrange a time Lady marlborough . she nod . sarah of course . int servant 's quarter night 13 a empty room of stone . a dozen female servant be cramme in . dress in sleep wear , they smoke , drink , some try and sleep . abigail enter and look around for somewhere to sleep , step over people 's foot . a servant ( girl with glass ) push she and she fall , knock the drink out of Sally 's hand . abigail crawl apologetically to some space in the corner . abigail curl up on the floor . close she eye . a splash of liquid hit she face . the other laugh . she do not even bother to open she eye to see what it be . int . servant 's quarter day 14 a row of naked servant include abigail , all various age and shape . Sally soap up armpit and crotch , then pass the soap to the next . abigail , take the soap , find it utterly distasteful . a old woman with a large bucket throw water at they . very cold water . abigail grimace . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 9 . 15 int golden hallway day be a hallway . a footman ( 2 ) outside a door . Sarah wait . Anne enter from she room , dramatic dark make up around she eye . anne I be ready for the Russian ambassador . sarah who do you make up ? anne we go for something dramatic . do you like it ? sarah you look like a badger . anne oh . her eye start to tear . sarah you be go to cry ? really ? she stop she . they look in a mirror . sarah ( cont 'd ) what do you think you look like ? anne ( sadly ) a badger . Sarah smile ruefully . sarah and do you really think you can meet the Russian delegation look like that ? she shake she head . sarah ( cont ’d ) I will manage it . go back to you room . she nod sadly . anne thank you . Sarah walk off . Anne walk back toward the footman ( 3 ) . he look straight ahead . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 10 . anne ( cont 'd ) do you just look at I ! do you ?! he shake he head no . look at the ground . anne ( cont 'd ) do not avert you eye ! shut they ! he shut they . she go back into she room . 16 int kitchen day 16 the busy , bustling kitchen . Maids scurry . cook cook . in a corner pile of dish and dirty cake on plate in front of she . steam hot water in trough . abigail work on the dish . Sally come in carry a bucket and brush . sally Morning . abigail ( bright and friendly ) oh hello . I be think of play card later if you would like to join I . sally sound brill . the old bag say you be to scrub the floor until she can see she toothless fat face in it . she hand she the bucket full of liquid . sally ( cont 'd ) sorry . abigail shrug . get down on she hand and knee . she plunge she hand in the bucket . intense pain shoot through she hand . she pull it out . sally ( cont 'd ) you might need glove . lye be dangerous . it burn bad . abigail writhes in pain . the girl laugh and saunter off as she stick she burn hand into a sink of cold water . i7 int kitchen night i7 the kitchen be quiet . a few servant work but it 's late . abigail work she way through the dish in the near empty kitchen , the red raw pain in she hand excruciate . Mrs meg rush in . see abigail . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( pink revision 23 mar 17 ) 11 . 18 19 20 21 mrs meg ( to abigail ) you ! get the bandage box ! abigail look at she . mrs meg ( cont 'd ) hurry ! the Queen 's have a attack of gout . Mrs meg grab a bucket cover with a white cloth . abigail retrieve the bandage box . int backstairs / wws night 18 abigail follow Mrs meg along a narrow corridor . abigail juggle the bandage box and bucket . int golden hallway night 19 they pass footman ( 1 ) . the door open . int anne's apartment night 20 abigail look around as she enter the Queen 's room for the first time . pierce sob draw abigail 's attention . they enter the semi - darken bedroom . int anne's apartment night 21 Anne be lie on the floor , she leg raise up on a chair . Sarah be there , examine Anne 's foot . Anne scream . footman 1 bring a bottle of brandy past hurriedly . the queen 's maid stand by as the queen 's doctor examine she leg . Mrs . meg motion to she , abigail put the bucket down . Sarah glance briefly at abigail , the Doctor , who be lay a leech on Anne 's leg . she flinch . anne Sarah ! sarah I be here . I be here . brandy ! she push a shot of brandy to Anne 's tremble lip . abigail watch on . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( pink revision 23 mar 17 ) 12 . anne they hurt . sarah I know my dearest I know . the beef ! Mrs meg uncover the bucket to reveal thin slice of raw beef . abigail start lay the slice on she leg . Anne scream . sarah ( cont ’d ) gently cousin . abigail nod . the Queen focus on abigail for a second , then a new wave of pain come on she . Anne close she eye grimace . sarah ( cont 'd ) ( to Anne ) it 's alright . tell I a story . ( to Mrs meg and the Doctor ) you two may go . ( to abigail ) you , start wrapping that . Mrs meg and the Doctor nod and exit . abigail wrap the leg in bandage . Anne , Sarah and abigail be leave there . but to Sarah it 's just she and Anne . anne I ... can not . I ... sarah how we first meet . tell I that . come on . Anne struggle to focus , but try . anne the ... wretch ... cheever boy have I down on the ground and be hold I ... drop spittle in my face . sarah he be still a pig . then what ? blood leak through some pore . she mop it up . sarah ( cont 'd ) then what ? anne I hear footstep , fast footstep , and see this pink shoe run towards I ... the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( pink revision 23 mar 17 ) 12a . Anne gulp brandy down . she be calming . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 13 . anne ( cont 'd ) +. and then they disappear and I hear a crack . and then he fall off I , and I look over and ... ughh . sarah remember how he jaw just hang there ? anne I do . you take my hand and say ' hello , I be Sarah . you be cover in spittle . let 's wash you off 's . they laugh . abigail be awkward at be present to this private moment . sarah you must try to sleep . Anne nod . she clasp Sarah 's hand . sarah ( cont 'd ) ( to abigail ) you may go . she go . anne do not leave . sarah I will not . Anne close she eye . anne be you still there ? sarah yes . beat . anne still ? sarah yes . Sarah touch Anne 's face , tenderly . 22 int servant 's quarter night 22 it 's dark and cramped . abigail be lie huddle in the corner . she raise she hand and unwrap the bandage to see it , blister and sore . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 14 . she look around at the sleep , farting , snore body . she can not bear it . 23 ext stable dawn 23 pre dawn . abigail pass a sleep groom by the stable door . 24 ext park morning 24 a forest area . abigail , one hand on the rein , race through the dawn light . she come to a halt , breathless and happy for a moment . she dismount the horse and scan the forest floor for a particular plant . upon find it , she break off some leave . she crush the leave with a stone on another stone and then unbandage she hand , place the pulp against she blister and redress she hand . she reach down and bundle together some more leave before get back on she horse . through the tree , she spy a handsome equerry in he twenty , masham . his eye be close and he head rest on he horse 's neck . he look peaceful . abigail watch he , transfix . suddenly he eye blink open and he look straight at she . she kick she horse and shoot away . 25 int backstairs / wws / A&E day 25 abigail walk up the stair . 26 int anne's apartment day 26 abigail walk into the apartment . she see the footman 1 from the night before guard the door . abigail for the Queen . the doctor have order it immediately . it be a matter of extreme urgency footman 1 she 's sleep . abigail shall I tell the doctor you imperil the queen health and let you rue the ramification . footman 1 what do ramifi ... mean . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 15 . abigail it mean he will have you whipped . he nod , wave a hand to let she through . she go into the Queen 's bedroom . 27 int anne's apartment day 27 Anne lie sleep , snore slightly . abigail examine she leg . they be still inflame . she remove the dress , pull out the leave she find on she ride and place they gently on she leg . Anne stir a little . Sarah enter . stare at she . sarah what be you do ? abigail I be ... I ... this be peleatis , the herb . I cut they this morning . they remove swell and inflammation . I see they and I think it may help the Queen . sarah you can not just walk in here ! why do the footman let you through ? abigail I lie to he . it be not he fault . I just want to help she . she seem to suffer so much . Sarah see a group of three military man , godolphin and marlborough enter at the far door . she nod to they . sarah footman take she downstairs . tell Mrs. meg she be to receive six of the birch . go ! abigail be stunne . she nod and walk with the footman 1 out past the enter man . Sarah go to the woozy anne. sarah ( cont 'd ) you must focus Anne . much be at stake . 28 int anne's apartment day 28 the map be laid out across Anne 's leg , she struggle to focus . marlborough have a pointer . he hit the map . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 16 . marlborough we gather force here . the austrian mass here . Anne focus on the map . anne be that ... which country again ? sarah listen ! she hit the map with the pointer . sarah ( cont 'd ) marlborough . marlborough this be the town of lille , in a valley . we lure they in by send a small force to engage they . they give chase . we descend in number from above they . godolphin hear hear . other concur . sarah it be a brilliant plan . Queen Anne , you agree ? anne the people expect it to be over . Sarah take she hand . sarah we all want it over , but wishing do not make it so Anne . we could sue for peace , but we will not get it . anne it do help . they turn . Anne stir . she sit up woozy , as if slightly drugge . anne ( cont 'd ) something soothing on my leg , it take the burn out . what be it ? sarah oh. herbs . of some sort . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 17 . 29 anne it 's nice . thank you . she close she eye . Falls asleep . they stare at she . int kitchen day 29 the footman 1 drag a struggle abigail in , hold she by she ear . the whole kitchen stop . servant turn and watch . abigail no! please ! he take she to a side bench by the wall . pushes she over it . mrs meg do she in the barn if that be what be , not in my kitchen . footman one her ladyship say six of the birch for this one . Mrs meg shrug and nod . he pull down the back of abigail 's dress to reveal she bare back . Mrs meg go to the corner and get a hard stick of birch . the other girl stand around eat biscuit , excited for the show . abigail focus on a smile Sally . Mrs meg lift she arm and lash the birch across she back . abigail flinch . sally she really be a lady , look how soft that skin be . Mrs meg pull she arm back , strike she again . sarah os stop ! Sarah enter . sarah os ( cont 'd ) let she up . abigail stand . a well start form across she back . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 18 . sarah follow I . 30 int kitchen hallway day 30 Sarah and abigail in a small hallway off the kitchen . sarah so you be perhaps too kind for you own good . abigail it have be say . sarah which lead to stupidity . but the Queen be soothed somewhat so I thank you . you shall get I more of that herb . and not overstep again . abigail yes maam . my father always speak highly of you . sarah I like you father , he have charm to burn . and then I guess he do . abigail nod . sarah ( cont ’d ) you have fall far . abigail yes . when I be fifteen my father lose I in a card game . sarah you be not serious ? abigail oh he be very upset about it . take off into the forest with nothing but a scullery may and a dozen bottle for solace . sarah and you go ? abigail we honour we debt . they would have hurt he . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 19 . sarah foolish . a woman should not let herself be chattel . abigail I want to do right by my father . the debt be to a balloon shape german man with a thin cock . thankfully I manage to convince he a woman have she blood in twenty eight day a month . Sarah consider she , notice she bandage hand . sarah what happen to you hand ? abigail some of my colleague be immune to my charm . 31 int . abigail 's bedroom day 31 Mrs meg open a door . abigail enter a cell like room contain a single bed , a small table and a wash basin . abigail put she batter bag on the floor . she can not believe it . she be thrilled and bounce on the bed . her own room . Mrs meg leave with a leer . abigail go and shut the door and notice there be no lock . 32 int hallway / cg day 32 abigail , now dress in a new dress , walk along the hall with Sarah . Sarah carry a document with the royal seal on it . a chubby aristocrat , earl stratford , see Sarah and head toward she . sarah Earl stratford , do not come near I whining today or I will crush you tiny heart to liver . he back off . a french woman elegantly dress , madame tournee . sarah ( cont 'd ) Madame tournee . you may have the tapestry budget you have ask for . spend one penny more and I will take you finger nail in lieu . madame tournee merci . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 20 . sarah abigail , get a platter of oyster send to the dutch ambassador . abigail yes you ladyship . masham step into view . sarah Colonel masham . he look past Sarah and lock eye with abigail . masham Lady marlborough . sarah the Queen will ride on Tuesday morning . masham yes , Lady marlborough . he loiter . sarah would you like a bite of my new may before you leave ? he bow , a small smile exchange between he and abigail , and depart . Sarah see the smile between they . 33 int drawing room day 33 godolphin and harley sit on couch smoking . Horatio sit next to godolphin . harley must the duck be here ? godolphin fastest duck in the city . Horatio be a prize worth steal , he do not leave my side . harley keep he away from I or I will pull he liver out and eat it with a cornichon . godolphin charm . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) harley you should know , I have canvass my party . they be wait for we to announce a attempt at peace . godolphin we shall both make we case to the Queen . harley stab he pipe out , infuriate . harley where be the Queen ? we have be wait a hour . Sarah enter with abigail . sarah I be here . harley might I remind you , you be not the Queen . sarah she have send I to speak for she . she be unwell . abigail go to a side table set with cake . she cut a piece . godolphin what say she ? sarah that harley be a fop and a prat and smell like a ninety six year old french whore 's vajuju . harley I really doubt you be quote . sarah she have decide to continue with the war . she feel another victory in will put we in a stronger position for a treaty . her letter . she place a fold document with the royal seal table . harley and how be we to pay for this ? abigail deliver the cake . sarah the land tax be to be double . start on the 21 . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( pink revision 23 mar 17 ) 22 . harley this be madness . the war you will be fight will be in we own countryside . sarah she rely on you and you love of England to hold the tories together . harley there be limit . sarah to love of you country ? to I there be no limit on that . we last farthing to protect England if we must . harley and we last man too ? the dead pile up as do the resentment . or that do not concern you ? sarah I grieve they all , in my heart a scar for each , and I send my own beloved with they , chest bare . so do not lecture I on the cost . you do not count the cost in man until you need something heavy to toss on the scale with you greed . harley a treaty would save money and life . a win for all englishman . godolphin we go to they after one victory , they know we be scared . we bury more of they . they know we have they . the Queen have decide harley . harley I disagree ... a lot ! I would like a audience with she where I may state my case . sarah State it to I , I love a comedy . be there cake ? harley stare at she , disbelievingly . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( pink revision 23 mar 17 ) 23 . harley this be a disgusting distortion of the system . you have no place in this ! sarah you mascara be run . if you would like to go fix yourself we can continue this later . harley kick a small table across the room . he be exasperate , spittle fly . abigail be thrilled by the whole thing . sarah ( cont 'd ) you will need to pay for the repair of that . we have a war to finance . every penny count . godolphin ( to harley ) come on , old bean . one more victory . otherwise they will use the time it take for a treaty negotiation to regroup . Mark my word . harley ignore he , just stare angrily at Sarah . suddenly harley run at Sarah , stop just in front of she . she do not flinch . his breath be rag , she breathes calmly . he break and storm from the room . godolphin ( cont ’d ) must you rub it in ? a man 's dignity be the thing that hold he back from run amok . sarah sometimes a lady like to have fun . godolphin eye Sarah . godolphin we need to be careful Sarah . he be a useful ally and a dangerous enemy . godolphin exit . a wide eye abigail . abigail you be ... extraordinary . a woman like no other . sarah and you be astute and perspicacious . and perhaps something of a flatterer . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 24 . abigail it be not flattery when it be fact . you be not scared of anyone . sarah of course not . 34 int golden hallway day 34 abigail walk the hallway . see masham . she follow he for a bit . he turn around suddenly and look at she . masham be you follow I ? abigail turn on she heel and walk back the way she come . he follow . masham ( cont 'd ) I say be you follow I ? abigail you seem to be follow I , sir , as I be in front of you . masham that be you on the horse this morning . abigail I ama servant , where would I get a horse ? perhaps you dreamt of I ? masham perhaps it be you and I should have you stripped and whipped . abigail I be wait . she stare at he challengingly . he smile , but do not move . she suddenly break off and head into the backstair . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 25 . harley walk in from another room . see masham . harley go to ride that one be we ? masham she do make my blood hot . she be Lady marlborough 's new one . harley indeed . interesting . 35 omitted 35 36 int sarah' quarter day 36 Sarah walk and find abigail look at she book . sarah borrow anything you want . abigail thank you . and thank you for the job . sarah I have a thing for the weak . marlborough come to the door . Sarah turn and look at he . marlborough it be time . she nod . then rush to marlborough and embrace he , hold he tightly . sarah you must be safe . you must not be foolish and brave . be smart and safe . I beg you . marlborough I will . sarah stay with I tonight . marlborough I must sleep with my man . it be only right . she nod . he kiss she softly on the lip . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( pink revision 23 mar 17 ) 26 . 37 38 int palace courtyard / great hall afternoon 37 Anne and Sarah stand at the window look down on a line of high ranking military man on black horse . marlborough raise a hand of farewell to they . abigail stand by the door . sarah I have a dream that this very small frenchman cover in blood , be carry he head around feed it brie . Anne pinch she hand . they look at each other . anne he be a great soldier . Sarah compose herself . sarah he will be fine . we will prevail . anne of course we will Mrs Freeman . Anne walk away toward the door . abigail cough loudly as she reach she . attract a look from Anne . abigail I be sorry you majesty . I think I catch a chill pick the herb for you leg . anne that be you ? abigail abigail . Anne nod . head past she and out . Sarah watch the horse disappear . turn around . see abigail . sarah let 's shoot something . ext palace ground / eg afternoon 38 a large cage full of coo pigeon . Inside it a pigeon boy wait for he cue . sarah 0/s throw ! the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 27 . he release a pigeon and it fly through the air . a gunshot and it drop to the ground . Sarah smile , satisfied . at she foot , a pile of dead bird . the dog retrieve the latest . she look across at abigail who have a gun . abigail it 's sad really . they be so pretty . sarah learn to fly faster , pretty will not save you bird . abigail ' throw ! a bird be release , abigail raise she weapon and miss it . sarah you be really do damage to the sky . abigail can I ask you something ? sarah as long as you be aware I have a gun . abigail you fight hard for this war and you husband be at the front of it , he life at risk . how can you ... do that ? sarah it be right . if we do not do it they will gather force and be over here cut we all into chop within the year . you be of a sweet disposition and have have some blow so desire safety and favour above all else . abigail if he die ? sarah do you not sacrifice you cunt to fatty german to save you father ? abigail yes . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 28 . sarah there 's always a price to pay . I be prepare to pay it . throw ! the bird fly , she shoot it down . stare across at abigail . sarah ( cont 'd ) just relax and aim . when it cross you eye , pull the trigger . abigail throw ! abigail line up the shot , shoot and bring it down . she smile weakly , pleased yet sad . sarah yes ! perfect ! I will make a killer of you yet . 39 int great hall evening 39 a pair of bandage leg in gold sequine stocking . Anne be wheeled into the ballroom by a footman ( 4 ) on a brocade throne chair with wheel . the ballroom be thronge with people . people bow as she enter . she greet they . the wheel be chock with little wooden chock . harley make a beeline for she . harley you majesty . how lovely to see you . it seem you have allocate even more money into the abyss that be this fool 's errand . anne oh. yes . we ... will win . Sarah be sure we will win . harley this landholder tax . you have no idea the fire storm of rage you have set loose in the countryside . anne really ? they be angry ? Sarah arrive . sarah dearest Queen . Anne smile at Sarah . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 29 . anne how do you like the stocking ? sarah festive . harley I be just explain to the Queen the mistake this tax be , and the war as well . we should sue for peace . sarah oh harley , you be such a bore . that be for parliament . a ball be for dance and eat this venison and horseradish puff . have you try this ? harley I be have trouble swallow at the moment . you majesty - anne I would like to enjoy the music now . harley of course . Sarah wink at harley . he walk away . the orchestra strike up . sarah oh I love this music . I must dance . Sarah leave Anne and walk to the centre of the room . she stand scan the crowd who naturally stop talk and give she attention . she raise she hand and slowly move it over the crowd , finally stop on masham . sarah ( cont 'd ) you . a small smatter of applause as he head to she . the music begin . the dance begin . a fast pace waltz . a little bit idiosyncratic , leg fly . Anne be thrilled , watch they slick leg work and fast move . then she sadden at the sight of she useless balloon like leg laid out in front of she , a little new blood seeping through she sequine stocking . anne stop it . stop ! the music stop suddenly . Sarah look at Anne . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 30 . anne ( cont 'd ) I would like to go back to my room now ! sarah what have happen ? anne now ! the footman ( 3 ) start to wheel she away . people be stare , Anne see harley . anne ( cont 'd ) stop ! Mr harley , I agree I go too far with the tax for the war . sarah what ?! anne we shall keep it as it be . Sarah 's eye blaze . harley smile and bow . Sarah take over push from the footman . harley we be you servant my Queen . 40 int golden hallway night 40 Sarah wheel Anne along . when they be alone , Sarah spin the wheelchair around . sarah Anne , I be sorry . Anne slap she hard across the face . sarah ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . Anne nod . they smile at each other . sarah ( cont ’d ) shall we go fast ? she run with the chair , Anne shriek and squeal . 41 int sarah' quarter night 41 abigail climb the ladder to the bookshelf . she slide a book in and pull a new one out . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 31 . hear the door open . see Anne 's wheelchair whiz in and crash into the wall . Sarah follow behind . abigail freeze . anne give I you finger . Sarah do so . Anne put it in she mouth . suck it for a second then bite it hard . abigail 's eye widen . she watch as Anne release she bite , grab Sarah , pull she face to hers , kissing she hard and passionately on the mouth . abigail almost fall off the ladder , but stay up . hang on . anne ( cont 'd ) fuck I . Sarah nod . she wheel she through to the bedroom . across the way , abigail stand rigid on the ladder . she breathes out . drop to the floor . start to creep out as quietly as possible . 42 int hallway / A&E night 42 abigail clutching a book , in a daze start to walk down the stairway . harley suddenly stand before she . harley abigail be not it ? abigail yes sir , ... harley stole a book I see . why , one could be stripped and whipped for that . abigail my mistress leat it to I . harley shall we go ask she ? abigail no ! harley be satisfied he have something over she . harley come and take the night air with I . she be a little scared but follow he . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 32 . 43 ext palace lawns / eg night 43 harley walk with abigail across the lawn . the light of the castle behind they . harley so you once be a lady and now you be a nothing , a bit of scullery scrap . how very sad . abigail I be still the lady I be . in my heart . harley no doubt . it be important to make new friend be it not ? abigail yes . if that be what be actually happen here , and not veile threat under the guise of civility . harley laugh . harley be I to understand you be smart ? abigail you want something . to fuck I ? harley I will leave that to my friend masham , who be completely cuntstruck by you . so tell I about Lady marlborough , godolphin , the Queen . anything go on ? I love gossip . it 's a fail I know . abigail Lady marlborough have be good to I , she have save I . I will not breach she confidence . harley of course . you be in favour . but favour be a breeze that shift direction all the time . then in a instant you be back sleep with a bunch of scabrous whore wonder whose finger 's in you arse . you can not have too many friend in court . I need a friend abigail , one with cute ear and wide eye . I be often blind - sided by the distort situation at court . as leader of the opposition I should not be . ( more ) the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 33 . harley ( cont 'd ) I would merely like to know of any plan she ladyship , godolphin or the Queen may have . abigail I will not betray my mistress 's trust . harley oh look a wren . how cute . she look to the tree . harley trip she and she go face first into the stony path . harley ( cont 'd ) be you alright ? let I help you up . he reach down . she warily reach out a hand and he pull she up a little . harley ( cont 'd ) thing be if you be not my friend . you be .. then suddenly let she go , she fall back down . harley ( cont 'd ) ++ by definition my enemy . anyway , think on it . no pressure . harley stalk off . abigail see the little wren , lie dead on the ground beside the path . 44 int sarah' quarter day 44 Morning . abigail pour hot chocolate into two cup on a tray . Anne lie on a sofa . and Sarah on a chair . sarah you will have to tell harley you have change you mind about the tax . anne can not you do that ? sarah I be not the Queen . anne .+. be the people really angry about the land tax ? the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 34 . sarah they will be angrier when the french be sodomise they wife and plant they field with garlic . anne the tories must not be ride roughshod over though . and ... more dead if we do it . sarah it be painful to lose man , but we cannot be half heart in this or they will see we weakness and take we and we will lose thousand more . we must be strong Anne . it hang in the balance and the tipping point be courage . abigail approach with the hot chocolate . sarah ( cont ’d ) none for the Queen . anne what ? sarah you can not have hot chocolate . you stomach , the sugar inflame it . anne abigail hand I the cup . sarah do not . abigail be freeze . abigail I be sorry , I do not know what tor ... sarah Fine , give it to she , and then go get a bucket and a mop for the aftermath . Anne take it , but do not drink it . sit with it . abigail exit . anne take I back . she get in she chair . Sarah go across and unlock the door panel to the secret passage . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 45 46 int secret passage day Sarah wheel Anne . sarah you will pronounce the tax in parliament . I will set the date . Anne nod . they stop . Sarah unlock the door . shut the door and head back up the passage . ext palace ground / eg day 14 mar 17 ) 35 . 45 roll Anne in . 46 a suit of armour . a shot be fire bang into it , a arm fall to the ground . at a distance Sarah and abigail . Sarah reload she pistol use the gun powder funnel . abigail I must tell you something . sarah go on . abigail Mr harley come to I . he ask I to betray you confidence , about what go on between you and the Queen and godolphin . sarah I see . and what will you do ? abigail I ... be not go to ! obviously . sarah not obviously . you may tell I of he approach to encourage my trust and still work both side of the street . abigail ( outrage ) I be a person of honour even if my station be not . even if I be to be the last one leave in this wretch place , I would remain a lady ! Sarah laugh . sarah you be pretty when outrage . so my secret be safe with you ? the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 36 . 47 48 abigail all of they . sarah good . abigail even you biggest secret . Sarah look up at abigail , who smile knowingly . she close she gun . sarah abigail . Sarah rise she gun . shoot . abigail fall . Sarah start laugh . a terrify abigail lie on the ground , check herself for wound . Sarah 's smile face appear suddenly above she . sarah ( cont 'd ) if you forget to load the pellet the gun fire , make the sound , but release no shot . it be a great jape do you agree ? abigail yes .. great . sarah maybe we will think of some use for it one day . sometimes it be hard to remember if you have load the pellet or not . I do fear confusion and accident . abigail I be sure people will be careful . int anne's apartment day 47 Anne drop lettuce leave into the enclosure for she rabbit . she watch they for a moment . she 's bored . int anne's apartment day 48 Anne sit alone , a big cake with blue icing half eat beside she as she play solitaire . she take another piece of cake , she lip blue from the icing . she feel ill suddenly . make a noise . Lady in wait be ready with a bucket , she rush over with and Anne throw up into it . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 37 . 49 50 51 footman ( 2 ) enter with a mop . Lady in wait dab at she lip with a linen . Anne push she away . int secret passage day 49 Anne on a crutch limp along the passageway . int sarah' quarter day 50 Anne enter but the apartment be empty . int privy purse office day 51 a full office , cramme with people and activity . Sarah be maintain order , just . Sarah be at the desk , enter figure in the ledger . abigail in the background . mrs meg twelve guinea for beef . she be reward with a nod . harley watch on , seat to the right of Sarah . sarah Madame tournee . Madame tournee step forward . sarah ( cont 'd ) the Winter Ball . you expense be out of control ! Madame tournee Madame be a artiste and art be like a cloud , it float and gather force as it must before it rain joy . sarah let it rain at the cost of eight guinea instead of fifty . madame tournee but ... Sarah look to she ledger , ignore Madame tournee . sarah cream . Mrs meg you cream bill be outrageous . be you bathing in it to help you hemorrhoid ? mrs meg no you ladyship . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 38 . 52 harley May I examine ? sarah of course . harley look down the ledger . he nod reluctantly . harley perfect Lady marlborough . as always . sarah shall we sign off ? he nod . he sign the ledger . as do she . page boy 2 , a young boy of fifteen , come in and whisper to Sarah . int anne 's apartment day 52 Sarah enter to find Anne stand on a window sill . she lean out dangerously , the wind pull at she . sarah aim for the flagstone . the lawn may break you fall . anne you do not care ! sarah Mrs morley . please . Sarah go to she . grab she suddenly by the back of the hair and yank she inside . she land on she arse . anne ow ! just stay for a little while ! no ! take the day off . I command it . sarah someone must run thing ! ( plaintively ) I be not food ! you can not just eat and eat ! Anne grab Sarah by the forearm and bite she . anne ( playfully ) and yet you be tasty . and lick she . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 39 . 53 54 54a 55 anne ( cont 'd ) and salty . and if I grill you , you would make a delightful meal . sarah you be ... incorrigible . beat . sarah ( cont 'd ) Fine . I will come and play whist with you this afternoon . Anne smile and clap she hand . Sarah , resign , turn and leave . int parliament afternoon 53 the tories stomp they foot heavily drown out godolphin as he try to speak . godolphin the opposition ask we to be halfheart in this war ! we will not ! we must wear we grief for England be worth we all , and suffer we must to save she ! Mr harley control you rabble ! Sarah watch on . Sarah scribbles down a note and hand it to pageboy 2 . omitted 54 int golden hallway afternoon 54a abigail walk through into the Queen 's apartment . she move past the two footmen ( 1 - 3 ) into int anne's apartment afternoon 55 there stand a table , set up , card at the ready . a bottle of champagne and glass . a low growl sound come from the next room . the Queen stand at a table and be stretch she leg in a ballet move and growl in pain . abigail watch the Queen from the salon doorway . Anne sense someone come . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 39a . anne about time Mrs Freeman . this fuck leg ! it be like a monster attack I . cut it off for I will you ? the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 40 . abigail I do not think so you majesty . Anne turn and look at abigail . anne why be you here ? abigail Lady marlborough send I as I be a excellent whist player and she have be unavoidably detain with the business of state , but will be here post haste . anne it 's my state ! I be the business of state . do she actually send I she may ?! abigail as I be stand here I be go to assume that 's rhetorical . you majesty I be not always a may . I be educate , speak french , Latin . my family fall on hard time . I be also she cousin . anne very fascinating , but you shall leave regardless and tell she to come . abigail turn to leave , see the rabbit enclosure . abigail oh ! they be gorgeous . Anne grimace , watch she go to they . anne my baby . let they out please . abigail unlatch the door , it swing open and the rabbit hop out into the bedroom . abigail how many be there ? anne seventeen . it 's hildebrand 's day today . abigail which one be he ? Anne point to the small , white rabbit . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 41 . 56 57 58 anne that one . shy , but stubborn . abigail May 1 ? Anne nod . abigail pick he up . anne he like you . I lose some seventeen child . some bear as blood , some without breath , and some just briefly with I . abigail 's heart instantly go out to she , tear pop from she eye take Anne by surprise . anne ( cont 'd ) oh my dear . then Anne cry . abigail today be hildebrand 's ... day . the day , you lose he . Anne nod . anne each one that die , something of you go with they . abigail take she hand . anne ( cont 'd ) would you like to join I ? omitted 56 int anne's apartment evening 57 at the table , a batter and half tear apart birthday cake . on the floor , the rabbit sit with the Queen and abigail who feed they handfuls of cake . int abigail 's bedroom night 58 abigail lie on she bed read one of Sarah 's book . she finish and close it . suddenly the door swing open . she 's startle . it 's masham . masham be wear he cavalry uniform : a velvet jacket line in satin , white ruffle on he shirt , breech , red stocking and black patent shoe with heel . make up . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 42 . abigail calmly stay where she be . abigail what a outfit . masham why thank you . I think it might be too much . abigail have you come to seduce I or rape I ? masham I be a gentleman . abigail so rape then . masham no . you be a ... you have intrigue I . abigail and you , I . I be intrigue by what you look like under this . abigail get up carefully examine he powder face . she smudge he lipstick . abigail whisk the wig off he head . she ruffle he hair . abigail put the wig on she own head . she take a wet cloth and wipe away some of he make up . abigail ( cont 'd ) you be handsome . no wonder you cover it up . woman would swoon and nothing would get do . masham who be you ? no ordinary may . abigail it could be say I have fall far . masham pull she to he suddenly . masham it could be say I aim to catch you . she lean in to kiss he . bite he lip suddenly . break . abigail I might allow it . she push he in the chest playfully . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 43 . 59 60 abigail ( cont 'd ) now good night sir . he take he wig back . put it back on he head awkwardly , make she laugh . bow and leave . she fall back on the bed . smile wryly . int hallway / wws night 59 masham shut the door behind he . harley wait in the hallway , smoking . harley progress ? masham she bit I . and this wig be ridiculous . harley a man must look pretty . masham I be not entirely sure she approve . harley try again in you own way old boy . he nod . int . anne's apartment day 60 Anne sit , dress in a fine linen body suit . Sarah bring in a complex contraption , not dissimilar to a medieval suit of armour . it have leather strap , buckle , iron plate and a steel brace . Sarah attaches the leather strap first to one shoulder and then the other shoulder , pass the strap under , over , and across Anne 's upper body , push she to raise first one arm and then the other . Sarah squeeze Anne 's spare flesh to ensure the strap be tightly fitte to she body . Anne ow . Sarah attaches a breast plate and back plate to the leather strap . Sarah rock Anne back and forward as she fit each plate to a web of smaller leather strap and tighten each buckle , as if she be screwing Anne into a iron cage . Sarah move down to Anne 's bandage leg . Sarah ease the leg into a steel brace which she tighten with screw . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 44 . 61 62 the leg brace attaches to a seat that in turn attaches to the iron and steel cage around Anne 's torso . Sarah step back . nod . ext park day 61 Anne and Sarah ride on horseback down a wide avenue in the park . Anne pack into she contraption . sarah apology regard send abigail in my stead . anne she be perfectly darling . hildebrand really take to she . sarah be that a rabbit ? Anne look at she annoyed . sarah ( cont 'd ) Anne . you be too sensitive . anne and you be too uncare and mean some day . Sarah turn she horse , she be apologetic , try to joke she way out . sarah some day I be quite lovely though . let 's think of they . Anne kick she horse on , riding away from she . sarah ( cont 'd ) Anne ! Sarah let she go . sarah ( cont ’d ) you be such a child ! int hallway / cg day 62 abigail push Anne along a long hallway . abigail I guess all the rape be the hardest . make I feel at they mercy , that I be nothing . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 45 . anne you be not nothing . you be a dear person . abigail thank you . you be so beautiful . anne stop it . I be ... you mock I . abigail I do not . if I be a man I would ravish you . rrrrravish . anne enough ! abigail I be sorry . oh look . through the glass on a terrace outside , a SMALL quintet of young aristocratic boy play . a middle age man ( music teacher ) direct they . he have a riding crop and slap it into leg and shoulder that be not do what they should . but it 's beautiful and fresh , joyful even . as be they . Anne and abigail watch through the window , entrance . then Anne become melancholic , a reminder of she own loss . anne make they stop . abigail what ? Anne suddenly get up and start bang on the window hard startling the young boy . anne stop ! enough ! stop ! the music stop , the teacher and boy all freeze and stare at the Queen . anne ( cont 'd ) enough ! abigail you majesty ? anne depart ! all of you !! the teacher and boy , frighten by the Queen 's outburst , start to leave the terrace . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 46 . 63 Anne limp off . abigail follow she . anne ( cont 'd ) I must rest . abigail shall I ... anne leave I be ! int golden hallway / cg day 63 Anne limp along . she see a woman walk along the hall hold a baby ( courtier - woman with baby ) . anne give I that ! the woman can see it 's the Queen , but see the crazy look in she eye , instinctively resist hand the baby over . woman you majesty I - Anne grab for it . the woman run away from she , terrify . Anne suddenly realise she do not know where she be . anne where be 1 ? where be 1 ? page Boy 1 step forward startling anne. page one you majesty . you be in the west hallway . she take a swing at he , cuffing he in the side of the head . anne how dare you speak to I like that ?! abigail suddenly appear beside she . abigail you majesty . anne where do you go ? stupid girl . she dig she finger into abigail 's arm . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 47 . 64 65 66 abigail I be sorry . anne take I back . int anne's apartment day 64 Anne lie on she bed , depressed . abigail watch she . she eye the crutch lean on the wall . abigail perhaps we should dance . Anne sit bolt upright and stare at she , furious . anne you mock I ! abigail hold out two crutch . abigail no . I just believe you can , that it would be cheer . and I would dearly like to dance with you . Anne stare at she . int anne's apartment day 65 Anne and abigail stand next to each other . they both tap they crutch three time . they twirl . slowly at first , then more and more intensely , follow each other . Anne become flushed with joy as they whirl and crutch . abigail lock eye with the Queen . it be intense . they fall over . they lie there hand clasped , eye close . exhausted but happy . the footman open the door . Sarah enter . see it . ext palace ground / eg day 66 a shot ring out . a pigeon fall from the sky . a dog run to retrieve it . abigail and Sarah stand shoot . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 48 . sarah twelve . eleven . you be shoot exceptionally well abigail . abigail you have teach I well . sarah I hope you have not find you time with the Queen too tedious . abigail not at all . and if it give you rest I be happy . do you sleep well ? sarah like a shot badger . abigail excellent . sarah the Queen be ... a extraordinary person , even if it be not readily apparent . she have be stalk by tragedy . abigail be startle . abigail she seem quite lovely . sarah I will not burden you again . abigail I be quite happy to - sarah I know you be . she will be angry if I do not appear soon . take you shot . abigail look at she steely eye and then glance over to the boy with the pigeon in the cage . abigail ' throw ! the boy let go of the bird , and abigail suddenly turn she gun and shoot at the bird barely half a foot from the cage . Sarah and the boy be shocked . Sarah 's shoe be spray with the bird 's blood . abigail ( cont ’d ) thirteen . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 49 . 67 Sarah look at she . abigail shrug with a laugh . abigail ( cont 'd ) do not know what come over I . the Queen 's page ( 2 ) come run through the field hold a note . he approach Sarah and pause momentarily . sarah the Queen ? I will be there directly . the page look at the note , a bit lose . sarah ( cont 'd ) what ? page two the Queen ... ask for ...her . he point to abigail . int anne's apartment day 67 the door open . Anne be excited . anne I have bring we up some lobster , we will race they and then eat they ! sarah I hope you have three . Anne see she . anne oh , hello . sarah well hello . you send for abigail to try and make I jealous I think . anne perhaps . Sarah grab Anne by the throat and push she back . Anne can barely keep she foot and end up slam against the wall . Sarah look at she , smile . she shove she hand between Anne 's leg . anne ( cont 'd ) they will be in with the lobster in a minute . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 50 . sarah scare ? footstep can be hear just outside the door . neither Anne or Sarah move , they just breathe , slightly arouse by the danger , wait for the other to give in . the door swing open . meg and Sally walk in carry lobster in white glove hand . meg 's hand have a spot of blood on it where she 's be nip . Anne and Sarah pull they hand away from each other suddenly . sarah ( cont 'd ) I think a moat be a bad idea . it be too old fashioned . meg maam , three rude and unruly crustacean . best with butter and lemon than to be play with , but as you will you majesty . they put they on the ground . 68 int backstairs / wws night 68 abigail , carry a tray with two glass and a bottle of champagne , walk into the back stairwell and be trip . they smash into tiny piece . she look up and see harley . harley hello . remember I ? abigail Mr harley . you always unbalance I . harley so what 's be happen ? abigail the Queen and Lady marlborough be to race lobster and then eat they . harley do you want to get punch ? abigail the Queen will announce the double of the landholder tax to parliament . harley do you jest ? abigail I do not think she be certain of it though . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 51 . harley but Lady marlborough be provide that certainty . abigail yes . harley and ? abigail that be all . harley why do I feel that be not all ? abigail suddenly have tear in she eye . abigail I be try my best , I be . harley alright , alright , turn off the tear . thank you . have a pleasant evening . he walk off . abigail instantly smile wryly to herself . 69 int parliament day 69 Queen Anne stand before parliament . she be about to speak . Sarah watch from the gallery . harley rise suddenly . harley May I speak a moment , with her majesty 's pleasure ? May I exhort the chamber to roar a mighty hurrah for her majesty in she brilliant decision to not raise the land tax . there be a hurrah from the tories . Anne be throw a bit . harley ( cont 'd ) for the double of the tax would have be a disaster , and the field would have run with blood as the countryside rise up against we city friend . to add to the pile dead of we son on the field of this war . again to we Queen for she deep wisdom in know where to draw the line in hold we country together . for there be no point win a war abroad if we be to start one at home . the tories hurrah . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 52 . 70 Anne blushes . Sarah can not believe it . Anne look at she paper . harley ( cont 'd ) I apologise for the interruption you majesty . the floor be yours of course . we look forward to hearing what you have to say . Anne look down at she paper and then at Sarah , who motion she on . Anne clear she throat . Anne look back at the paper . be unsure what to do . Anne suddenly drop to the ground , as if she 's faint , silencing they all . ext wood day 70 abigail be collect flower in the wood . she hear a noise , turn , but see nothing . the wind whistle in the tree . then another sharp scurrying noise . she freeze . silence . she scan the heavily wood tree . abigail who 's there ? more scurrying and a sound like the cry of a wolf . she drop she basket , panic stricken . masham boo ! abigail fall down , startle and terrify . masham stand there laugh . she get up and crack he as hard as she can across the face . he be stunne . it hurt . abigail Men should not sneak up on woman . abigail laugh . abigail ( cont 'd ) you look scared . masham I be hurt . look . abigail I have just now decide to marry you masham . masham I can not marry a servant . I can enjoy one though . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 53 . he reach for she . she suddenly knee he in the ball . he fall to he knee . she drop and kiss he twisted , pain mouth . abigail I know it would ruin you to marry I . I will fix thing for we . masham who say I would marry you ? abigail I be in you blood and you will not rest until I be pin underneath you . but I will decide if and when that occur . she put he hand on she breast . abigail ( cont 'd ) say it be not so . he grab at she . she pull away . stands , she crotch at he face level . abigail ( cont 'd ) do not you think we be a good match ? she run off , laugh . he chase she , tackle she to the ground . be on top of she . they breath heavily . masham . I think a very good match . he start to push she dress up . abigail wait , kiss I properly first . they kiss . she roll away . she run to a tree , he be in hot pursuit . she move suddenly , trip he as he reach she . he topple down the hillock to the other side . she look down at he as he lie in the leave . masham look up at she . masham I be enthralled by you . abigail of course you be . I be steal you horse now . she walk off , take he horse by the rein . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 54 . 72 int parliament day 72 empty parliament . Anne sit look forlorn with Sarah . godolphin be nearby . anne I look like a fool . they be all stare be not they ? I can tell even if I can not see . and I hear the word fat . fat . sarah Anne . anne and ugly . sarah no one but I would dare , and I do not . I feel for you . he set you up . it be we fault . anne I do not know what else to do . I could not ... go through with it . sarah it 's fine Anne . it 's fine . footman ( 5 ) and ( 6 ) bring in she sedan chair and take Anne out of the chamber as Sarah walk over to godolphin . sarah ( cont 'd ) he be ready for we . godolphin he probably just assume you would have be work on the Queen . sarah a minor hitch . we will reset the date . 72 int anne's apartment day 72 abigail walk around the room , slowly . she be still in she tear dress , admire the ornate detail of the Queen 's possession . she finger the jewel on Anne 's dress table . smile at the rabbit . touches the silk bed clothes . 73 int anne's apartment day 73 the Queen on a crutch limp through she salon and into she apartment . she stop in she track and see a startle abigail 's head in she bed . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 55 . 74 75 76 abigail oh you majesty . anne what be you do ? abigail Lady marlborough ask I to wait for you and I be ... and then the bed look so beautiful and I be overcome ... with , with foolishness . I be sorry . anne you may get out now . abigail get out . she be naked . she walk slowly over to she clothes . Anne watch as abigail leisurely put she clothes back on , bask in the attention . abigail apology again you majesty . anne what happen to you dress ? abigail wolf . abigail curtsy and exit . int abigail 's bedroom ' night abigail lie in bed . a bang on abigail 's door . int golden hallway night 74 15 abigail in she nightdress , barefoot , follow a footman ( 2 ) . not sure what be happen . int anne's apartment night abigail be lead into the Queen 's apartment . footman 2 her leg . abigail enter . anne rub my leg . abigail start to massage she leg . 16 the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 56 . abigail do it hurt a lot ? anne ( deadpan ) it be agony . abigail start massage higher and higher up Anne 's leg . Anne do not stop she . anne ( cont 'd ) ( deadpan ) oh the pain . abigail 's hand disappear under Anne 's night dress . Anne tilt she head back , close she eye . cur to 7 int sarah' quarter night 7 godolphin be at the door to Sarah 's apartment . Sarah in she nightgown . he hold a letter . godolphin marlborough have write . he be in position , the battle will begin any time . Sarah take and read the letter quickly . a flicker of fear on she face . godolphin ( cont 'd ) he will prevail . sarah of course . godolphin I imagine you will not sleep tonight . T can stay and sit with you ? I could regale you with witty tale of my romantic exploit , and by exploit I mean humiliation , and some weep . sarah you be sweet godolphin which may explain the humiliation . I be alright . she shut the door . alone . be agitate by the news . she go , open the panel in the wall , step through . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( pink revision 23 mar 17 ) 57 . 78 79 80 81 int secret passageway night 78 Sarah walk quickly along the passageway . she reach the door of the Queen 's salon , take she key and open it . sarah Mrs morley ? int anne 's apartment night 79 there be no answer . Sarah gently open the door to the room and see the two woman asleep in the bed . int secret passageway night 80 Sarah walk along the hallway , veer sideways , have to stop herself , hold herself up by the wall . she continue walk in a daze . stop . a small sob crack from she chest . int sarah' quarter day 81 abigail enter carry a book , she walk happily into Sarah 's quarter . abigail good morning Lady marlborough Sarah be on a ladder examine some book on she bookshelf . Sarah drop the heavy book she be hold . it graze abigail 's shoulder . she be knock to the floor , startle . sarah where be that book of poetry from the drydan fellow ? abigail I do not - Sarah start throw book off the shelf . they rain down on abigail , strike she , one in the face . sarah no ! no ! no ! a thin line of blood trickle from abigail 's nose . Sarah drop from the ladder and land next to she . abigail push herself backwards along the floor , away from Sarah . abigail I do not understand . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 58 . sarah do you take it ? my book ! abigail no I - sarah I think you be a pretty little liar that I have misjudge . abigail realise what it 's actually about . Sarah grab she by the face and squeeze it . abigail I do not mean for this to happen . the Queen , she be forceful and - sarah you be dismiss from my service . go back to Mrs meg tell she to find you a position in the scullery . if she ask why , tell she ' because I be a disloyal little bitch 's . shock and upset , abigail take a moment to compose herself . she curtsy . abigail as you wish you ladyship . it have be my privilege and honour to - sarah if you do not go , I will start kick you and I will not stop . abigail nod , depart hurriedly . we follow she into the hallway . 82 int hallway / A&E day 82 abigail stand there , unsure of what to do . she suddenly hit herself hard in the face with the book she be hold . the blood start to run again from she nose . then tear . she check she face in a mirror . 83 int anne's apartment day 83 Anne be rest on a chaise lounge when she hear cry . see get up , walk with she crutch , open the door and see the bloody and tearful abigail , stand there . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 59 . 84 int palace courtyard / SF day 84 a carriage sit in the driveway . Anne be be carry in she sedan chair down the step of the palace . Sarah walk next to she . sarah you have become close to abigail . anne she have be a dear . yes . sarah it be such a shame but I have dismiss she for theft . she be a liar and a thief . beat . sarah ( cont ’d ) you tongue seem uncharacteristically still . anne I hear you . abigail walk past Sarah and wait by the door of the Queen 's carriage . Sarah stare at she , incredulous . anne ( cont 'd ) she be my servant , she be not dismiss . I have make she my maid of the bedchamber . sarah do you not hear what I say ? anne you regard she as a liar and a thief . sarah yes ! anne I do not . obviously . Sarah stare at Anne , pull she close to she and whisper in she ear . sarah you will dismiss she . anne ( whisper back ) I will not . I like it when she put she tongue inside I . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 60 . Sarah stand motionless , shocked by Anne 's comment . Anne climb in the carriage assist by abigail . abigail give Sarah the slight hint of a smile . get in the carriage . anne ( cont 'd ) go ! the carriage take off , leave Sarah stand there , stunne . 85 omitted 85 86 omitted 86 87 int carriage day 87 abigail read to Anne in the curtain compartment . they sit together in happy contentment . there be a sudden noise of bang on the carriage . startle they . crowd 1 0 /s it 's that fuck bitch ! my son a cripple you cunt ! crowd 2 0 /s stop the carnage you stick up whore ! a startle Anne look at abigail . anne do not they know who it be ? crowd 3 0 / S Queen cunt ! abigail I think they do . Anne take this in . anne oh . crowd 4 0 /s Warmongering slag ! she pull back the curtain a little , a man with one eye stare back at she . scream at she . a dozen other people run behind he chase the carriage shouting . she shut the curtain fast . be shake . abigail move quickly beside she . hold she hand . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 60a . anne what be they shouting ? the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 61 . abigail Driver ! faster ! ( to Anne ) Close you eye . sing a song with I . will you be my Love ? do you know it ? it be marvellous . she cup a hand over one of Anne 's ear , and sing into the other one distracting Anne from the noise outside . Anne calm down a little bit , distract , charme , the noise start to recede as the carriage speed up . Anne curl into she . 88 omitted 88 89 int mud bath day 89 Anne be up to she neck in a large pool of bubbling mud . abigail sit on a stool next to she . anne it be so strange to be in this . abigail it be good for you . the doctor say it will leach the toxin . anne what if I go to sleep and slip under ? abigail just imagine it be hot chocolate . anne at least I would die happy . a door open . Sarah enter in a robe . she let it fall to the floor and enter the bath . sarah after you leave I think , what a grand idea to take to the mud . to get whatever poison one carry with one out . she settles into the mud opposite Anne . abigail and she eye each other . sarah ( cont 'd ) abigail could you fetch I some refreshment ? the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 62 . abigail I would like of course but I must be at the Queen 's side and behest at all time . it be my role . sarah such loyalty . how delightful it be when one try to cultivate a new trait in one 's character . anne do not scratch at she . beat . they sit there a moment . Sarah take a finger of mud and draw a moustache across she lip . sarah Mr Freeman . Anne laugh . do the same with the mud . anne Mr morley . sarah how handsome you be . anne oh Mr Freeman , you be handsome . sarah oh but I forget my glass . she draw circle round she eye . Anne laugh . abigail try to smile , join in , but be unnerve by it . 90 int carriage day 90 the three of they travel back together . Anne and Sarah on one side . abigail on the other . Anne sleep . Sarah whisper very quietly , almost to herself . sarah you will be back in the street . abigail look out the window . 91 int golden hallway night 91 Sarah and Anne walk . abigail follow , a step behind they . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 63 . sarah remember when we be young and be not allow out in the snow , and we open all the window in the ballroom and sit there as snow flurry just waft in . and when you governess come in we be make a snowman and we hand be blue . Anne laugh . take Sarah 's hand and press it . anne oh that be such fun . abigail ( mumble ) sound marvellous . sarah so many thing we have do together . abigail ( mumble ) I do love ancient history . anne abigail , do you say something ? abigail I be sing . I can not get a tune out of my head . sarah well there be so much room for it . abigail laugh uproariously . abigail Lady marlborough . you be such a wit . anne you be a dear abigail . I shall retire for the evening . abigail ( eagerly ) shall I prepare you bed Queen Anne ? sarah or shall you and I adjourn to you apartment for sherry ? a beat . she eye they both . the moment of choice . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 64 . anne a sherry sound just the ticket . abigail 's face fall . anne ( cont 'd ) good night abigail . sarah yes , good night dear abigail . Anne and Sarah walk off , hand clasped together . leave abigail . sarah ( cont 'd ) you be enjoy all this be not you ? anne to be beloved . of course . to see you try to win I . why , what be not to love my dear ? sarah you will stop this ridiculous infatuation . you have make you point . anne perhaps I be not make a point . they look at each other . Anne kiss she suddenly . 92 int abigail 's bedroom night 92 abigail sit in a chair , focus but ranting . masham sit next to she blithely smoking . abigail perhaps because of my past , perhaps some malformation of my heart ... I blame my father of course ... cunt ++ I must take control of my circumstance . I will need to act in a way that meet the edge of my morality . to trust be to risk , and when I end up live on the street sell my arsehole to syphilitic soldier , steadfast morality will be a fuck nonsense that will mock I daily . masham I be not quite follow . abigail shhhhh . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 65 . he 's hurt . abigail ( cont 'd ) I apologise . but ... do shhhh when I be think . he nod . 93 int anne's apartment day 93 Morning . abigail brushes Anne 's hair . abigail you hair be so lustrous . it be something people in court comment on . anne really . I always think of it as nest like . Sarah enter . abigail ( to Anne ) I shall make you tea . abigail go to a side table where pot and cup be . sarah what a lovely idea . thank you abigail . abigail of course . anne ( to Sarah ) Pat the kid hello . Sarah eye she , and the rabbit . it be a challenge and she know it . she smile . sarah of course . she lean over the little temporary rabbit hutch and pat they , grimace . Anne smile . abigail take some lily of the Valley flower from she apron . she push they into the pot add hot water and tea make sure that the two woman do not notice it . sarah ( cont 'd ) you will give that speech on the tax increase in parliament next week . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 66 . anne I dream of the man on the roadside with one eye . sarah what man ? anne when we drive through town . he stare at I in such a way . I feel my blood chill . abigail take a cup of tea over to Sarah . sarah so kind . Sarah drink she tea . take a petit four , toss it in the air and catch it in she mouth . abigail smile at Sarah , unnerve she . anne abigail . do you think people be angry ? sarah Anne ! she do not know . anne we should ask people . bring a group of people from the village in and ask they . sarah that be not how matter of state be deal with . people be lead , they do not lead ! would you leave marlborough expose ? he need another battalion ready to join he . and that mean money . anne do not yell at I ! I be the Queen ! sarah then for once act like it ! Sarah walk out . 94 ext stable day 94 Sarah walk through the garden . horse be be prepare to be ride . masham stand there hold two horse . be about to speak . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 67 . 95 96 97 masham be the Queen to - sarah do not speak to I . Sarah mount a horse and take off . she grimace as she ride . a slight pain in she stomach . ext wood day 95 Sarah be gallop through a wood area . Sarah suddenly double over with pain , a flop sweat break out across she face . she pull the horse to a walk . Sarah blink hard try to pull herself together . she suddenly throw up . the horse start to gallop . she pull listlessly at the rein . her bowel suddenly open noisily . she topple over . get she foot catch in the stirrup . the horse gallop on as she head hit the ground and she be drag , unconscious . int golden hallway day 96 abigail walk the hallway determinedly . shriek , giggle and yell can be hear . a pomegranate come fly out of the doorway of a room ahead . it hit the wall and smashes bloody pink seed everywhere . int drawing room day 97 a group of paint up tories include harley have a young man naked ( pomegranate tory ) and be play dodgeball with he , use pomegranate as ball . the wall be spatter bright pink . the young man try to dodge but get hit with one . he go down and they all slam more pomegranate into he . abigail appear in the doorway . the man all yell lewd thing at she . a pomegranate juice spatter harley come to she . abigail I have think on the term of we friendship . harley I think it be unconditional love . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 68 . abigail I will get you a audience with the Queen if you ask she a favour for I . harley wench . you will - abigail harley you do not need I as a enemy . as it turn out I be capable of much unpleasantness . harley as be I . abigail ( angrily ) it 's so tiring to be like this ! ( calmer ) the Queen have take a shine to I and I will drip poison into she ear regard you , until she be mad with hatred for you . or we will have a mutually advantageous friendship . Count of three . yes or no ? he stare at she . harley if you be so close to the Queen , why not just ask this favour yourself ? abigail I do not want she to ever think I want anything from she . harley and have you counsell she for we side ? abigail no . harley why not ? the country 's future hang in the balance . abigail uh huh . my thing be what I wish to talk about . harley you do not care ? I think you be on we side . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 69 . abigail I be on my side . always . sometimes it be a happy coincidence for you . like now , you will get a chance to save the country . 98 ext wood night 98 the horse walk through the wood . the wood be thicker now , darker . in the moonlight they pass a man fuck a woman against a tree . the woman mae , watch impassively as the horse drag Sarah past she . the man pull up he pants and go . mae leave she tree , walk , take a look at Sarah , then take the horse 's lead and lead it away , Sarah drag along behind it . 99 ext palace lawns / SF day 99 harley walk beside the Queen . harley what tremendous luck to find you in the garden . anne we be take the air . abigail watch on from a distance . harley you do not like the war . I know that . anne no . I do not . but we must ... fight ... for what we fight for . harley godolphin and Lady marlborough seem to have corral you , so that you do not get to hear from you loyal opposition . anne I be brief appropriately . harley be it in person I would believe it . anne I be often ill . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( pink revision 100 harley true . sadly true . the war with the french will bleed we dry even if we win . we be in we strongest position now . if marlborough lose this next battle we could lose all . Anne take this in for a beat . harley ( cont 'd ) the people hate the war you realise . they begin to hate you . Anne be quiet as she consider what harley be harley ( cont 'd ) Lady marlborough have not tell you of the riot in Leeds ? anne no . but there be a man with one eye that be ... very distress . harley all I ask be that you search you heart . anne of course . harley not Lady marlborough 's heart . you own . I must also talk to you of you may . anne abigail . harley I believe that be she name . it seem Colonel masham have fall for she , he wish to marry . anne but she be a may . harley it be irregular and inexplicable but be sentimental I be move to help if possible . omitted 23 mar 17 ) 70 . say . 100 ae es es the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( pink revision 23 mar 17 ) 70a . 101 int drawing room day 101 Anne have gather with godolphin , masham and a few soldier . abigail stand nearby . anne what do you mean she have not be see ?! masham she take a horse . it do not come back and nor do she . Anne take this in , as do abigail . godolphin I shall send rider . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 71 . 102 103 anne I think she mean to vex I . do not send rider . godolphin in case she have fall though . anne she be too good a rider too fall . I know what she be ... do not seek she . int brothel bedroom day 102 Sarah be sweat and feverish , she have a open wound gouge into she cheek and bruise and abrasion . she come to , open she eye . a man with he trousers down be fuck a woman against the wall from behind across from she . mae sit beside she sip from a flask of whisky . sarah where be I ? mae you be in heaven . that 's God . you will meet he later . sarah I must ... go . Sarah try to get up but throw up over herself . mae I do not think that 's happen . lie back . mae take she flask . mae ( cont ’d ) stop infection . she pour some on Sarah 's wound . intense pain shoot through Sarah . she pass out . int anne 's apartment night 103 Anne wake up bath in sweat , struggle for breath , clutching at she chest . she ring the bell by she bedside . footman 3 come in . anne get Lady marlborough . he go to leave but before he can she scream . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 72 . 104 105 106 107 108 anne ( cont 'd ) just take .. I to she ! int golden hallway night 104 footman 3 wheel the Queen in she chair as she writhes in pain , struggle for breath , panicky . they enter Sarah 's quarter . no Sarah . anne find she ! int sarah' quarter night 105 the footman ( 3 ) search vainly , in cupboard , under the bed . he shrug at Anne . she close she eye . int anne's apartment night 106 Anne sit up on she bed , she breathe labor . pail of hot water steam up the room help she breathe . Sally and Mrs meg bring in more steaming pail set they down and leave the xoom . abigail rub a cream into she back as the doctor take she pulse . godolphin stand by . anne we must look for she ! she could die out there ! there be wolf out there be there not ? godolphin no you majesty . I do not think so . there be bandit and ... anne I think there be wolf ! find she ! she slump back in she bed . ext palace ground / SF night 107 ten rider some military , some courtier head into the forest with light torch . godolphin , in he robe , watch they depart . int anne's apartment day 108 Anne sit on a chair in the middle of the room , she be dress and she symptom have pass . harley and godolphin face she . abigail sit off to one side , feed godolphin 's duck bit of fruit . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 73 . anne no one know where she be ? godolphin no one have hear or see of she . anne I think she be ... she get up . go to she rabbit . anne ( cont 'd ) what if she be - abigail perhaps she have go to blenheim , she palace ? godolphin there be no palace yet . it be the wood . harley well we should check in the tree just to be sure . anne Mr harley ! harley I apologise . I hope we find she , and she be not dead in a ditch . the business of state however can not stop . the Prime Minister have a ludicrous and costly idea to - godolphin you majesty . there have be no word from the front in two week . there be no doubt that marlborough be in trouble . we need to send a division immediately to help he . harley ( to godolphin ) cost a fortune , and build on you paranoia and walk into God know what ? the messenger could have be kill , find a whore they like the taste of . or it could all be do and we have lose and they walk into a ambush . godolphin you majesty I beg of you . immediate action be need . fund , man . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 74 . Anne shift uncomfortably , unused to deal with thing without Sarah . harley we need to wait . anne I ... well ... I will ... think on it for a- godolphin this can not wait . we need to act now . beat . Anne nod , but struggle as to what to do . abigail suddenly speak up from she position seat at the wall . abigail be it somewhat like go late to a party . if the party 's go well , they do not need you and resent the intrusion . if it be go badly , you can not save it , but tend to get excruciatingly bored and regret you ever put on you nice gown for it . they look over at she . godolphin it be not like a party ! abigail I be sorry Prime Minister , a pass think . anne I think it be like a party . harley a perfect analogy . anne we will wait . but they should be in they dress ready to go at a moment notice . shift a division to the coast and have a boat at the ready . godolphin , furious , walk to he duck and pick up the lead . 109 int brothel bedroom day 109 Sarah push herself upright , she be a bit better , but still weak . she steady herself , across the room . the big man , God , real name Kevin , sit there . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 75 . she pick up a hand mirror and look at the damage to she face . the gouge have a couple of rough stitches in it and have scabbed over . sarah Boy . fetch I a carriage . he look at up she . shrug . kevin mae say no . sarah I be leave . help I up . kevin shut up . or I 'il give you something to do with you mouth . Sarah stand up . he stand up . he pull a hard leather cosh out of he pocket , lazily smashes the cup that sit on a table next to he . stare at she . kevin ( cont 'd ) mae say no . mae say no . sarah why do not you think for yourself ? kevin I can hurt you if I have to . she say . but I get to decide if I have to . so that be think for myself . mae enter the room . mae feeling better then ? sarah be my horse alive or do you eat it ? mae I sell it . still do not pay for you upkeep . but you look better . do not worry about the face , some man like that . not many , but some . sarah thank you for you kindness but I need to leave . mae you still owe I though . you can suck for you supper from now on . I will take twenty percent . you seem posh , gent will like that . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 76 . 110 int anne's apartment night Anne lie sarah have you ever see ten gold sovereign ? mae in my dream . sarah go to hyde Park fountain at nine in the morning and you will see a man walk a duck . 110 in bed , a bit feverish . abigail sit with she . a cold compress on she head . Anne 's eye flip open . she seem anne abigail . I worry something have befallen she . it be night . out there alone . abigail she be strong . she will be fine . anne yes , yes , she will . she save I my whole life . without she I be nothing . devastate . abigail that be not true . you be the Queen . anne I be tired . it hurt , everything hurt . everyone leave I . die . finally she . she close she eye for a beat . then suddenly open they . a anger in they this time . anne ( cont 'd ) if she be not dead , I will cut she throat . she may be try to hurt I , make I dissolve and dissemble and ... I will not ! abigail sssh . she be fine . they will find she . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 77 . anne I do not care . you be such a beautiful person . you glow with ... loveliness . we must marry you . abigail what ? anne Colonel masham wish to marry you . abigail he do ? anne yes . you have capture he . abigail that be ... absurd . I have nothing to offer . I be a penniless servant . it would be career suicide . anne you first think be for he ? you be a darling . abigail I care for he . not as I care for you , but enough to marry . I will not lie , I would like to be a Lady again . I be not perfect . anne yes . yes . she get up . anne ( cont 'd ) this be right . while she be go . if we wait she will return and yell and stomp about it . but you must have this . it be a gift I give you and I demand you take it . abigail of course . when will - anne now ! of course it must be now ! iii int chapel night iil a garland of white flower sit on abigail 's head . abigail 's face be mask by she veil . her and masham stand in front of a chaplain . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 78 . 112 Anne and harley be the only guest . harley be unmade up . sleep in he eye . masham I , Samuel masham , take thee , abigail Hill , to be my lawful wedd wife . abigail I , abigail Hill , take thee , Samuel masham , to be my lawful wedd husband . masham place the ring on abigail 's finger . masham with this ring I thee wed , with my body I thee worship , and with all my worldly goods I thee endow . they kiss . Anne applaud , as do harley . int privy purse office night 112 abigail sit at the table . she enter '' 2000 guineas '' into a ledger . Anne , harley and masham look on . abigail it be most generous . I be overwhelm . anne shall we say ' gambling debt 's Mr harley ? harley excellent . abigail write ' gambling debt 's against the figure . she turn the ledger around to harley . harley sign off on it . Anne hand abigail a promissory note with a seal on it . anne you be to take apartment on the east wing . masham thank you you majesty . abigail smile . jump up and down happily . abigail thank you ! thank you ! they pop champagne . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 79 . anne it be fun to be Queen sometimes . harley one can only imagine . 113 int abigail 's bedroom night 113 masham lie on the bed , semi naked . abigail 's at the window stare out into the darkness . masham you be look the wrong way . abigail where could she have go ? you ride through the forest look for she ? masham I have tell you before . abigail she would be sick , for several day , but she would be near recover by now . masham . she probably go back to southampton . abigail to do what ? to plan what ? to get ready , to - masham I be as hard as a rock and it be we wedding night ! she go and sit on the bed . he reach for she . she push he away . abigail lie still . she put she hand under the sheet and give he a hand job as she continue talk . abigail ( cont 'd ) now she be go I find myself more concerned than when she be here . for it be like she could strike from anywhere at anytime , and I will not see it come . he moan . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 79a . 114 abigail ( cont 'd ) sssh . I must be calm . she be go , I be marry . but I must be ready and yet how to be ready when one do not see the enemy . my life be a maze I continually think I have find a way out of , only to find another corner in front of I . he groan loudly . cum . she stare blankly ahead . omitted 114 the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 80 . 114a int brothel corridor day 114a a bemuse godolphin lead a duck follow mae past semi naked whore and client . 115 int brothel day 115 Sarah sit on she bed . the door open , it 's mae with godolphin and he duck . godolphin bark out a laugh . godolphin what happen , be you alright ? sarah that cunt abigail poison I , Mary magdalene find I . godolphin do they rape you ? sarah no they do not , but gainful employment be on offer should I need it . godolphin abigail do this ? sarah yes . how go the Kingdom ? godolphin the Queen be consider a peace treaty offer to the french . and to switch two position in cabinet to they . harley suddenly have she ear . sarah have . have she ear . take I home . she stand . nod to Kevin who nod back . she exit . 116 int drawing room evening 116 a court tea . a dozen lady include abigail in a new dress be talk and have tea . a young boy sit at a piano play as a woman accompany he in song . she finish and there be polite applause . the lady go back to talk . they be suddenly aware of Sarah walk into the room . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( pink revision 23 mar 17 ) 81 . sarah lady . all the lady stop talk and look to she . sarah ( cont 'd ) well , I could always silence a room . abigail stand . sarah ( cont 'd ) oh dear , the servant be dress in the clothes of a Lady . how whimsical . be it a game of some sort ? some of the lady titter . abigail Lady Sarah , my dear friend and cousin , how good to see you have return from ...? sarah Hell . I be sure you will pass through it sometime . abigail you have miss a few thing . my marriage . it be a simple affair but beautifully do . sarah everyone leave . abigail stay where she be as the other depart . sarah ( cont 'd ) if you offer I tea , you will forgive I if I sha not accept . abigail I searched my heart and I do not have trust in it and that be my shame . I could not just stand by and let you destroy I . you maybe teach I that . but it be over now . I have win , I be safe . we do not need to fight anymore . be that not grand ? if you just forgive I , we can be happy together . Sarah slap she three time across the face . abigail fall to the floor . she look up at Sarah . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 82 . abigail ( cont 'd ) obviously you have some anger to expiate . I will allow it this once . Sarah smile at she . sarah congratulation on you wedd bliss . she walk out . abigail lie on the floor . smile to herself 117 int anne 's apartment night 117 Anne be asleep in bed . Sarah unlock the secure door and enter . she sit on the bed . watch Anne for a second . leans over and blow air in she face . Anne flicker awake . stare at she , stunne . anne you face . sarah do I look that bad ? if I be a man it would seem quite dash , a scar like this . anne where have you be Sarah ? why do you leave like that ? sarah I go riding , some bandit attack I , it take I a while to fight they off . anne you poor face . sarah you should see they . and you have be well I trust ? well take care of . Men be eventually send to find I I hear . anne I worried for you . I ... think you be ... you do not do it to hurt I ? sarah I do not play game with you . anne I know . I know . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 83. Anne get up and move to she night table put on a robe . Sarah go to she take she hand , gently . sarah look at I . I will say this plainly and once my dearest one , you must . send abigail away . Anne stare at she . sarah ( cont 'd ) from my heart Mrs morley . do it . anne I do not want to . sarah she be a viper . anne you be jealous , it be very sweet . you always say I need too much love from you . now with you both I have enough . please accept that . Love she as I . you have be rather mean to she , I would also like that to change . sarah you will do as I tell you . a loud knock on the door . footman 0/s the Prime Minister and Mr harley ! sarah not - a footman open the door . harley and godolphin enter . godolphin clutching a note . sarah ( cont 'd ) what be itl ? harley a thousand pardon you majesty . but word from the front . sarah what have happen ? godolphin marlborough be ready , he have they outflanke . he need a garrison to attack the coast . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 83a . sarah we must prepare quickly . harley the Queen have already readied a garrison . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( pink revision 23 mar 17 ) 84 . anne let they go to the party now . Sarah be catch off guard . sarah what ... party ? godolphin of course you majesty . anne it happen while you be go . thank you gentleman , keep I inform of all progress . Anne be pleased and bolster by she decision sarah you may leave . I would like to speak to the Queen alone . anne yes . leave we . they bow and make they way to the exit . harley it be good to see you home and look so well Lady marlborough . they traipse out . Sarah compose herself . the door shut . sarah now , you do very well with the division . anne I know I do . sarah however the two new cabinet position they must stay with the whig . anne I be the Queen . do not try to that thing you do . sarah do not try to manage this as you cannot . I know harley have be in you ear and abigail in you - the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 85 . anne enough ! you must be as I wish you to be now . do you understand ? sarah Anne Sarah take she hand , try to pull she into a kiss . Anne push she away . anne do not . Sarah push she against the wall . anne ( cont 'd ) you face frighten I . do not . they struggle , Sarah push herself on Anne , Anne spin she , so that Sarah land on the ground on she arse . anne ( cont 'd ) good night Lady marlborough . sarah you do not do this ! you do not ! Anne leave and walk away . the door open , where Sarah see abigail be hold it open . the Queen exit , the door shut . 118 omitted 118 119 int sarah' quarter night 119 Sarah lie in bed awake , stare at the ceiling . she have a face plaster over she injury now . she get up , go to she drawer and pull out bundle of letter . 120 int anne's apartment day 120 Anne blink awake . as Sarah throw back the drape . sarah Morning . anne Morning . sarah I think I be become quite sentimental as I get older . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 85a . anne I do not think you have the capacity for sentimentality . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( pink revision 23 mar 17 ) 86 . sarah I do not think so either , but so much be surprising I lately . I start look over some of the many , many , many letter you have write to I . she pull some out , start quote from they . sarah ( cont ’d ) ' I long for you embrace 's , ' I long for the heat 's from you naked body on mine . 's very intense . very ... explicit . anne what be you - sarah I think I have misplace some of they the other day . quite a fright . what if say that son of a bitch Jonathan Swift get they ? in he newspaper the next day ? you would be ruin . Anne stare at she . anne you would never . sarah you have no idea what I would do for my country . and for you . anne ruin I ? you would do that ? sarah I will use this letter unless you announce the tax rise , change the cabinet as I wish , and get rid of abigail . she get up and leave . 121 int parliament day 12 . the whig and tories gather on either side of the parliament . they wait . 122 int anne's apartment day 122 abigail be dress Anne for the parliament . Anne sit , stare out the window . abigail lift the crown , briefly pop it on she head , like the look of it . she walk over to Anne . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 87 . anne do you not wish to know what I have decide ? abigail I wish to know you be happy and that you spirit will lighten once this be do . 123 int sarah' quarter day 123 Sarah stand by she desk get ready . she look at the pile of Anne 's letter , flip one open . read it . she smile . tear well up in she eye . suddenly take the letter and throw they in the fire . a courtier ( speak courtier ) enter . courtier the Queen request the return of you key . you will return it and vacate Court today . sarah where be she ? courtier you be to hand over the key . the Queen will not grant you a audience . she take the key from around she waist and hand it to he . 124 int secret passageway day 124 Sarah walk fast down the secret hallway . she bang on the door . Sarah peer through the keyhole . she can see Anne sit on she bed . sarah Anne ! I hand over my key . Anne ignore she . sarah ( cont 'd ) you be angry I know . I be sorry . I go quite mad for a moment . just open the door . Anne ignore she . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 88 . sarah ( cont 'd ) I burnt the letter . I burnt they . do what you will . Sarah hear Anne get up and come to the door . she wait . Anne consider open the door , but stop herself . she press she forehead on the door . sarah ( cont 'd ) I will not come back . do you understand ! I will go and be go ! abigail have do this . she do not love you ! anne because how could anyone ? she want nothing from I ! unlike you . sarah she want nothing from you , and yet somehow she be a Lady with two thousand a year , and harley sit on you knee most night . anne I wish you would love I as she do . sarah you wish I to lie to you ' oh you look like a angel that fall from heaven you majesty 's . no ! some day you look like a badger . and you can rely on I to tell you . anne why ?! sarah because I will not lie ! that be love ! Anne stop a beat . anne I must go attend to my duty . walk out of the room . 125 int secret passageway day 125 a daze Sarah walk back along the hallway . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( pink revision 23 mar 17 ) 89 . 126 int parliament day 126 whig on one side . tories on the other . Anne enter . they all stand . they all bow . she take she papers out . look at they . godolphin look for Sarah . Anne clear she throat . anne I have . I have over the last several month be unhappy with the government . Lord godolphin have lose my confidence . therefore I be announce the new Prime Minister will be Mr. harley . godolphin , I thank you for you service . we will sue for peace with France immediately . I have speak . all depart . a shell - shocked silence . then all hell break loose , as Anne walk from the stage . come out into : 127 int sarah' quarter day 127 servant and footman ( 2 ) be in she apartment , pile thing into box . Sarah stare at they . abigail stand by supervise . she have the key around she waist . a servant move a couch . abigail leave that . I like it . abigail smile at Sarah . abigail ( cont 'd ) I be move in . the rug stay too . sarah oh my God . you actually think you have win . abigail have not 1 ? abigail twirl the key . sarah we be play very different game . abigail well , all I know be , you carriage await and my may 's on she way up with something call a pineapple . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 90 . 128 129 130 131 132 133 134 int anne 's apartment night 128 Anne stand alone by the window . she watch as Sarah walk past outside , servant carry she bag . a sadness on she face . int carriage / SF night 129 Sarah sit in the carriage , luggage beside she . she look back at the palace . hope Anne might come out , for some reprieve . driver go ? Sarah wait a moment longer . then , sadly . sarah go. the carriage pull away . cur to one month later omitted - move to 137a 130 omitted - move to 137b 131 omitted - move to 137 '' 132 omitted 133 int great hall night 134 a dinner party be go on . a acrobat perform . abigail hold court at the head of the table . she be a bit drunk . a magician make fire come out he mouth . abigail do it again ! he do . she excitedly pick up a glass and hurl at the wall . it smashes . everyone roar with laughter . and follow suit . she go and sit on a soldier 's lap . masham watch she . a courtier come to she . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 91 . 135 int anne's apartment night 135 Anne be at a table , she be try to work on papers . she can not see clearly and use a magnify glass . one of she arm hang limply at she side . abigail trip over as she enter . abigail ow ... I be here . anne do my leg please . abigail of course . ( to the may ) hot towel now ! abigail go and get a silver dish of the paste . she wobble a bit as she walk . anne be you drunk ? abigail I have have wine . very good wine . I could get you some . it would ease you . anne no. abigail start massage the paste into she leg .. anne ( cont 'd ) I do not understand this papers . abigail I be feel unwell . Excuse I a moment ... abigail suddenly get up , go and throw up in a nearby vase . abigail ( cont 'd ) sorry . I be unwell . anne Lay down and I will fetch the doctor my love . abigail thank you . abigail lay on the couch . Anne wince in pain . tries to refocus on the papers . abigail start snore . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 92 . 136 omitted 136 137 int . sarah' southampton house day 137 Sarah be sit , stare at the blenheim model . godolphin be with she . godolphin how be early retirement ? sarah dull . what go on ? godolphin they have broker a peace with the french , give up too much of course . sarah of course . godolphin marlborough return in a week . sarah harley will move to have he replace . godolphin ++. T have not see it , but of course . sarah I will rip he mole from he face . you must stop it godolphin . godolphin I only have so much sway without you there . sarah I will tell you how , and you must use my word . godolphin it would be easier to pull my string if you be back at court . beat godolphin ( cont 'd ) obviously you have choose to keep the particular of you dismissal from I . I shall leave a gap in the conversation for you to remedy that . beat . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 93 . godolphin ( cont ’d ) I do not know of woman and they feeling . but I know they nurse they hurt like wail newborn . sarah godolphin , I feel a surge of desire to see you nose break . you point ? godolphin a letter . a apology of some sort that facilitate you return . beat . sarah there be limit to what one can give . godolphin you once tell I quite the opposite . beat sarah how be Anne ? happy ? godolphin she seem ... as mercurial as ever . her health suffer however . Sarah consider this . 137a int anne's apartment day 137a Anne sit in a chair , a rug on she knee , she be asleep , she leave arm hang limply be she side . she snap awake , focus and be slightly surprised to see she be surround by a dozen member of the cabinet . harley hold court . harley now that the peace with France have be make - a cheer go up from half the cabinet . godolphin look glum . harley ( cont 'd ) marlborough 's return back to England be imminent . I wonder you majesty whether it be right that he be leave as head of we force ? the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 94 . godolphin be outrage . godolphin he be a hero who win the peace for we ! harley indeed . but he would have launch we into a bloody war that would have ruin we . so there 's that . godolphin we have make a poor peace that we will rue . Anne grunt and try to compose herself , sit up . Sally come and pick she arm up and place it on the pillow on she lap . harley forges on . harley well , we people be happy . I suggest , Queen Anne , that as a gesture of we graciousness to France perhaps he should be stand aside ? a new era of peace and prosperity , a new day , a door to a new future , metaphor abound . godolphin it will look like we surrender and the palace will be surround with man who lose eye and arm in the war angry at this slight on they leader . anne Men with ... godolphin they will stare in at we with rage . harley what a preposterous idea godolphin . what be you - anne i...a... be tired it . thank you all . + I will ponder harley bow . the member of cabinet begin to file out . godolphin linger . godolphin you majesty , may I broach the matter of Lady marlborough ? the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 ( blue revision 14 mar 17 ) 94a . beat . anne no . you may not . godolphin a breach in a dear friendship , surely this could be heal ? anne some wound will not close . I have many such . one just walk around with they . sometimes one can feel they fill with blood . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 95 . godolphin quite . Lady marlborough be a woman of passion . perhaps she behave rashly and be apologetic for she behavior ? anne you know this ? godolphin I ... believe it to be so . Anne take this in . godolphin ( cont ’d ) her love and loyalty to you and this country be she reason for live . perhaps she could write you and we could attempt to repair at least one wound in we Queen ? anne I can not stop she . it would imagine it be pointless and I would dash the letter into the fire . but ... I can not stop she . godolphin nod with a small smile . 137b int privy purse office day 1373 a noisy rabble stand before abigail , press they claim . abigail shut up please . shut up ! harley enter . the room silence . harley a moment . abigail we will reconvene with some order and grace after lunch . 137c ext garden day 137 '' abigail walk with harley . abigail I can not control they . whining for more . harley marlborough will return soon . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 96 . abigail what be that to I ? you politics be dreary harley . I have what I want , you have what you want . we business be do . harley if marlborough remain head of we force she have every right to be at court . even if she be at odd with the Queen . abigail I see . harley I imagine you would . the Queen and she must not have the opportunity to repair this wedge between they . for if they do I pity what Lady marlborough will make of you . if there be some gentle nudge you might provide to the Queen 's cogitation on this issue . abigail nod . 138 int sarah 's southampton house , day 138 Sarah sit at she desk , she dip a pen in a ink well , put it to the paper , but cannot begin . the ink just run into a blob . she cast that sheet of paper aside . start again . '' you cunt 's and start again , ' God I miss you 's and again ... ' I dreamt I stab you in the eye 's and again ... ' my dearest Mrs morley 's she continue write the letter . 139 int anne's apartment day . 139 a pile of mail , Anne be on the bed surround by rabbit . she be , casting aside letter manically with she good hand . nothing . abigail have enter and be watch . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 97 . anne ( to footman 4 ) be you sure this be all the mail ? abigail you seek something ? anne no. a... fabric piece from my cousin in Florence . abigail I be sure it will come . the footman ( 4 ) nod . abigail signal he to leave . she stand with the privy purse book . abigail ( cont 'd ) everyone be on the bed . shall I join ? anne of course . she sit . take the Queen 's hand . abigail I be in a quandary and you be my dearest one . I do not know whether to speak of ... anne what be it ? abigail I will ... I be not sure . anne I do not like this , you will lodge this unknowable thing in my brain and it will eat I with horrible possibility . abigail it be not horrible dear Anne . it be just money . anne money ? abigail I have find in the book , large amount of money that seem to have flow to marlborough . but be not reflect in the force receipt of expense . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 98 . anne what ? abigail it be go . I do not know who 's attention to bring it to . shall 1 request it back on he return ? quietly perhaps ? anne you be say Sarah divert money to he ? abigail it do seem so . some seven thousand . Anne look at she a beat . utterly certain . anne she would not . abigail it be just - anne she would not ! Anne stare at she , like she see through she suddenly . abigail scramble . abigail I be of course , perhaps mistaken in the bookkeeping . sometimes all this number be dizzying . and they often do add up on second or third attempt . they be as fickle as human . a simple explanation I be not see . we shall banish it from we mind . we should take the child for a walk in the garden ? anne no . thank you . I need to rest . Anne lie down stare at the ceiling . anne ( cont 'd ) you may go . abigail bow , look at all the tear mail . 140 int hallway / red stair day 140 abigail exit into a hallway know she slip up . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 99 . 141 142 143 abigail fuck ! omitted 14 . int sarah be ( now abigail 's ) quarter day 142 Morning . abigail sit drink tea . Sally enter she carry a tray of mail . she put it before she . sally I need to put it back . abigail ignore she . it be all address to the Queen . she leaf through she mail . see 's Sarah 's wax seal on a letter . take it . abigail be go . Sally take the rest of the mail and go . abigail open the letter . she read it . be strangely touch . wipe a tear away . she toss it in a nearby fire . int anne's apartment day 143 Anne frenetically go through she mail on the bed . toss letter away . abigail watch . Anne summon a footman ( 4 ) , he lean toward she . anne this can not be all of it ! footman it be m’aam . she snap . anne do not lean at I ! abigail shall we request another fabric piece from you cousin in Florence ? maybe it be lose or eat by mouse on the long journey . anne no. just . I would like to know all my mail be here . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 100 . abigail of course . footman go and check again . immediately ! incompetent ! he scurries away . Anne settles back . abigail ( cont 'd ) they be wait . 144 omitted 144 145 int anne's apartment day . 145 Anne be propped up in a chair . she hold she stomach , grimace , a tray of hot chocolate and cake half eat beside she . Anne be breathe in a labor fashion . the man swim in and out of focus . they be in the middle of a cabinet meeting . harley , godolphin and a small group of politician be argue . harley marlborough be at southampton . we need a decision . godolphin you majesty if I - anne there be very little mail today . godolphin take this in . harley not sure what be go on . harley quite . if I may , the situation with marlborough . anne he be steal from I ! godolphin what ? you majesty that be preposterous . anne Lady abigail . the privy purse . be it not true they have steal from I ? damage we ? abigail be stunne . she nod slowly . anne ( cont 'd ) it be all there in black and white . she must be ruin and banish from they beloved England . they be not loyal ! they would hurt we , we country , the Queen ! the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 101 . godolphin you majesty if I may - anne you may not . he will be charge . they will be banish ! I have speak . get out ! 146 int sarah' southampton house day 146 Sarah be drink tea with marlborough . she check out the window , anxiously . a group of armed rider approach the house , a bailiff at the head of they . she take this in for a shocked moment . sarah the mail be here . he look up at she . she smile . sarah ( cont 'd ) I be suddenly so tired of England my darling . perhaps we should go somewhere else . 147 int anne 's apartment day 147 Anne lie in bed , she open she eye . see abigail sit in a chair , read by the window , drop a madeleine into she mouth . a rabbit wander near she foot , she lift a foot and trap the rabbit under she foot . it struggle for a moment . she let it go with a smile . Anne slide herself out of the bed . land on the floor , in pain . abigail hear a grunt . see Anne be on the floor crawl , in pain . abigail Anne . abigail rush to she , take she under the arm to help she up . abigail ( cont 'd ) darling Anne . let 's get you in a chair . anne how dare you touch the Queen like that . Anne lean on the wall . the favourite shoot script 6 mar 17 102 . abigail I be sorry . I - anne I do not ask you to speak . anne ( cont 'd ) my leg . rub it . abigail you should lie down . anne you will speak when ask to . abigail get it , drop to she knee start rub . anne ( cont 'd ) I be so dizzy ... I need to hang on to .. she grab at abigail 's hair , wrap a hunk around she finger , hold it hard . abigail wince . anne ( cont 'd ) something ... abigail rub , look over at the cage full of rabbit across the room sit stare at she . Anne wince in pain stare at the wall . close she eye . the end Age eo er Mc mat so com mm cele oo Rees agarose ea masel eo ree ele au mo okey favs =p a =e om ere ee as rsl oo aoe oo ovat . gre me ment = eae no aero a aoe owe pes reunite nn e feo x ) searchlight