fade in : int . apartment - day a small New York City apartment , sparsely furnish . miranda presley , 21 , sit on the floor amid move box and suitcase pack to move out . shep sorting through a stack of old record album , look through they as she pile they in a box . we catch sight of some relic from the disco era as well as several classic country album - donny osmond and the @ Saturday night fever@® soundtrack mix in with patsy cline and hank Williams and elvis . after a brief look , she pile they in a box and close the lid . she look outside she window and see the sun come up ; shep be up all night . miranda go over to the window and open it . it @s barely light out , but already the sound of someone@s radio filter in . we hear a car alarm go off in the distance . miranda drag a large , full trash bag over to the window , look down , and heave it out . ext . miranda@ apartment build - day the trash bag fall from a fifth - floor window and into a dumpster overflow with about ten huge trash bag ; miranda@ throw out a lot of stuff . the garbage truck arrive just as the bag land in the dumpster . ext . miranda@ apartment build - day the sun all the way up now . it @s a bright June morning . two teenage boy sit on the stoop next to miranda@ building . they have a boom box , and we hear loud street music . miranda come out of she building carry a move box . she wear levi@ cut off mid-thigh , sneaker , and a black leather jacket over a white y- shirt . she carry the box down the front step and drop it on a pile on the sidewalk in front of a wait cab . the cab driver just lean against he car , watch she work . miranda you know what would be great ? if you could just stand there , watch I carry all this box out by myself . do not carry out any yourself , do not hold the door for I , and whatever you do , do not put they in you cab . and if you could possible start the meter run now . she lean over and peer into the cab . the meter@ run . she smile at the cab driver , who do not seem to understand English . miranda ( cont@d ) perfect . good job . thank you . she give he a thumb up . he smile and give she one back . she go back for another box ext . apartment build - day we see the cab park in from of a luxury high - rise apartment building . the cab driver lean again the car , wait . int . ellen daly apartment - day a large , expensively furnish apartment . miranda@ box be pile in the hallway . ellen daly , 43 , and immaculately dress socialite , look with mild distaste at the box clutter she hallway . ellen I just never imagine there would be this much , miranda . miranda stand in the live room , look at picture of ellen and a family that doesn@t include miranda - a respectable , clean - cut husband and two perfect little boy . there be one small picture of miranda ; she look like shep still in high school . miranda you should see how much I throw out . ellen walk in and sit on the couch . she sit formally ; she doesn@t exactly radiate warmth . miranda turn away from the photo . miranda ( cont@d ) you can ship they to I as soon as I get a apartment . ellen maybe I should keep they in storage until you come back . miranda i@m not come back . ellen look at she like she doesn@t believe she , but she@ll go along . miranda ( cont@d ) Mom , I tell you , I @m move . ellen occupy she hand by compulsively straighten the book on she coffee table , which be already pretty straight . ellen say you@re go to do something and actually do it be two entirely different thing . I hate to see you give up everything to go and pursue this fantasy you have about be a ... . country singer . have you take a moment to stop and look at you behavior ? miranda i@11 do it on the bus , o.k .? ellen assume the role of the voice of reason . ellen I know you father make Nashville sound very romantic . I wish he be here now to see you act this way . he could tell you how difficult it be . miranda that@s not what he@d tell I . ( sadly , remember ) daddy would tell I I can anything in the world . ellen yes , he probably would , but in the real world , the chance of make it be a million to one . miranda how can I pass up a one in a million opportunity ? she smile . ellen doesn@t . miranda ( cont@d ) I do not expect you to understand why I have to do this . I just want you to send I my stuff . ellen I really think you should think about this for a few day . miranda ( determine ) i@ve be think about it my whole life . it @s time for I to do it . miranda@ say this more for she own benefit ; she mother do not seem to be listen . miranda ( cont@d ) I have to go . my cab be wait . she go to she mother and kiss she on the cheek . apartment build - day miranda come out of the building and cross the sidewalk to the cab . she talk to the driver , not expect he to understand miranda my mother think she can control my life . surprisingly , the driver speak , with a heavy foreign accent . driver she still see you as a little girl . miranda look only mildly surprised that the driver have understand everything she have say . she get in the cab . ext . highway - day we hear a simple country ballad . a Greyhound bus travel through the mountain . int . bus - day miranda sit in a window seat , asleep , rest she head against she jacket . int . bus - night miranda@ in the same seat , awake now , stare out the window into the darkness . ext . truck stop - day the bus be make a rest stop . ( we see that the destination sign read @ nashville@ . ) passenger walk around , stretch they leg . miranda lean against a wall , check she watch , impatient . int . nashville greyhound station - day we still hear the country music . miranda come into the terminal , carry a huge suitcase and a guitar . she squint at the light , reach into she jacket pocket , pull out she sunglass and put they on . she look around . aman ina cowboy hat sit on a bench . he give miranda a friendly smile and a almost tip of the hat . she look at he like she@us try to figure out what species he be and drag she stuff outside . ext . greyhound station - day miranda look around and spot a taxi across the street . she put she index and middle finger inside she mouth of whistle . everyone within earshot turn and look at she . the taxi driver look up from he newspaper . int . taxi - day miranda get in the back of the cab . the driver close the trunk and get in front . driver where to ? miranda hand he a newspaper clipping . miranda do you know where this be ? lucy caf@ ? driver they@d have to take away my license if I do not . he start to drive . ext . sidewalk - day Close on a guitar case . then another , and another , separate by a row of blue- jeaned knee and cowboy boot . now we see face , some young , some not - so - young , some hopeful , some weary . all be patient , line up against a brick wall , a incongruous sight at any mini-mall but this one . female voice ( 0.s. ) o.k. listen up . gentlemen , lady . everyone in line quiet down . they turn they attention to lucy jenkins , 307 , the owner of lucy caf@ . lucy as you go in , make sure you take a application . no one try out without fill one of this out . hurry it up , door close at 3:05 . anyone not inside by 3:05 get lock out . Lucy go back inside . the line file in . int . taxi - day the driver turn to talk to miranda . driver you a songwriter ? miranda no. driver lucky for you . town@ full of they . 1@n a songwriter myself . miranda I @m a singer . the driver react to this silently ; shep not lucky after all . int . lucy@s caf @ - day a cozy restaurant with small table , country music memorabilia on the wall , and a small stage . Lucy stand on the stage with a stack of complete application in she hand . lucy thank you all for come today . when I call you name , come right up on stage . pretend like you@re in a hurry , we get all day but there@s a lot of people want to be famous here . if ite you first time here , you should know : if you do not pass , it just mean I do not think you@re ready . go home and keep at it and come back again . do not give up unless you can not stand to listen to you own material . all right , let get to it . Lucy look at the first application . lucy ( cont@d ) Cash wilneck , get on up here . int . taxi - day the driver hand the clipping back to miranda . she take it , then move she hand in the air over the back of the driver@ seat . miranda ( cont@d ) where @s the safety glass ? he glance over he shoulder at she ; what safety glass ? miranda ( cont@d ) I could shoot you if I want . this be a observation , not a threat . driver ( smile ) appreciate it if you didn@t . int . lucy@s caf@ - day a young man take the stage , sit on the stool and begin sing a mediocre country ballad , slightly out of tune . ext . lucy@s caf@ - day miranda , carry she guitar in one hand and she suitcase in the other , get out of the cab and head for the entrance of lucy at the same time , jame wynn , 23 , get out of he pick - up truck in lucy parking lot . James be good - look in a somewhat dangerous way . he pick up he guitar case and stride over to lucy , get there just before miranda . he try the door . it lock . miranda it lock ? James look at she , the way shep dress , the huge suitcase she carry . he look amused . jame be you bus late ? she give he the same attitude back . miranda as a matter of fact jame well , ite a long way from ... New York City . miranda yes it be . who be you ? the psychic welcoming committee ? jame James wynn . the door be lock . miranda miranda presley . t@11l just knock . she go up to the door . jame no , don@t . Lucy do not let anyone in late . that@ll set I back a month . we@ll have to get in some other way . miranda i@m sure there@s a secret underground tunnel . int . lucy@s caf@ - day another young songwriter audition . this one play the fiddle and have a friend back he up on guitar . hep energetic , but the song be not very good . Lucy sit in the back of the crowded room . she reveal no expression as she watch the songwriter , but we see she head shake @no@® slightly as she make a notation on he application and place it in what be presumably the reject pile ext . lucy@s caf@® - day miranda sit on the sidewalk outside the caf@ . James lock she suitcase in he truck and come and sit down next to she . miranda maybe someone will come out . jame there@1ll be a lot of people come out in about two hour . miranda do I mention that I can vaporize myself like @I dream of jeannie@ ? jame a lot of good that do I . they sit there a moment . jame ( cont@d ) I have a idea . let knock . miranda it true . everyone be slower down here . int . lucy@s caf@ - day onstage , a woman with tease blond hair , fringe cowboy shirt , and match white cowboy hat and boot , stand with she guitar , dance around as she sing off - key . ext . lucy@s caf@® - day miranda knock quietly on the door . no answer . she knock a little louder . the door open . she give James a look . a face appear from inside ; it belong to linda lue linden , 20 , a sweetly attractive Southern belle . she put she finger to she lip and let they in . the blond woman finish and step off the stage . Lucy call out the next name . lucy Nick reynold . nick reynold , early 307 , get up to and go to the stage . James and miranda sit down with Linda lue at a table near the door . Linda lue find some blank application on the next table and hand they to James and miranda . Nick take the stage . he wear a baseball cap with a truck company logo . he sit at the microphone and address the room . nick hi , i@m Nick reynold . i@m from Memphis , originally . this one@ call @ shoot I up , run I down , take I back , @ and ite dedicated to you , Lucy . Lucy seem unmove by the sentiment . a few auditioner smile knowingly . Nick start to play . he seem like a pretty soft - speak guy up till now , but he be apparently save he personality for he performance . the song be humorous , about cartoonishly extreme devotion to a woman who will not pay he any attention . nickeus fellow musician be a good audience , laugh in the appropriate place . Lucy do not laugh at the song ; she matter - of - factly move nick application into the @yes@ pile . CUT to : lucy ( 0o.s. ) next. Linda lue linden . we see Lucy look up , amused . lucy ( cont@d ) goodness , honey , be that you name ? Linda lue hurry toward the stage . linda lue i@m afraid so . ( smile , into the microphone ) hi , i@m Linda lue , from briar Hill , Alabama . I jut finish this one , ite call @ Heaven knock on my door . @ Linda lue start she song ; she have a sweet voice , but ite weak . her song be cute , use silly metaphor . shep not awful , but shep not especially good , either . CUT to : onstage , a young singer , eye close beneath he cowboy hat , sing a heartfelt ballad . hep pretty good . while hep perform , James take he and miranda@ complete application over to lucy table . he present they confidently , as if he have no doubt she@ll accept they . Lucy raise any eyebrow at he , but take the application . CUT to : kyle davidson , 22 , sit on the stool . hep clean cut , wear jeans and boot , but no hat . he look a little jumpy . kyle i@m , um , Kyle davidson . i@m from Texas . ( laugh nervously ) I @m a little nervous , but it do not really show . Kyle clear he throat and stare at the floor . kyle ( cont@d ) this song be call @ Blue and Blue .® Kyle seem to be more than just a little nervous ; he barely manage to raise he head high enough to sing into the mike . he sing without confidence , he voice crack . the song sound like it might actually be good if he wasn@t butcher it . Lucy stare at Kyle , deep in think , hold he application . miranda watch he too , listen closely to he song . CUT to : lucy down to the last two application . she call james@ name out , a edge in she voice . lucy James wynn James get up and pick up he guitar . he stride up and sit on the stool . he look straight out at the audience and introduce himself . his stage manner be folksy . jame ( cont@d ) howdy . James wynn , from Austin , Texas . I call this one @ Friends no more . '' he strum the guitar and start to sing . his voice be strong , and hep a charismatic performer . his song be great too ( a ballad , e.g. @l it only hurt I when I cry@ ) . the audience be draw into he performance . CUT to : Lucy hold the last application . lucy miranda presley , look like you get to be the fat lady . miranda take the stage . she look good . not too nervous . miranda hi , i@m miranda presley from New York City . she start to play . she do not mention the name of she song , but that@s all right because we already know this song . it @s @ desperado . miranda close she eye as she start the lyric she have a beautiful voice , very distinctive , and the song sound great . just as she finish the first verse , we hear : lucy ( 0o.s. ) Excuse I . Excuse I . miranda ? honey , do you have another song ? miranda smile , roll with the punch . miranda sure . I know lot of song . what do you want to hear ? lucy ( 0o.s . ) try something I have not hear before . a miranda presley composition , maybe . this ain@t @ Star search® . miranda oh . well , I do not have anything right now . Lucy pick up she pile of application and approach the stage . audition be over . lucy well , come on back when you do , 0o .k.? miranda hop off the stage , spirit intact . miranda sure thing . Lucy shake she head in wonder at the girl and walk up to the microphone . lucy now . i@m go to read off the name of the people who pass for next monthes performance . if I read you name , come see I to sign up for which night you want to play . Nancy butterworth , Nick reynold , Tom mortenson , ricky hogan , James wynn . ext . parking lot - night James and miranda stand next to he truck . he open the passenger door and take out she suitcase . he set it on the ground . she look disappointed ; she do not know where shep go to go now . jame you want a lift somewhere ? miranda why , I would be much oblige if you would convey I in this Glen Campbell hee - haw pick - up truck . James pick up the suitcase and toss it in the back of the truck . jame just so you know , I @m not take this personally , this little jab and put - downs about what a yee -haw hillbilly town you have land you cosmopolitan self in . where be you stay ? miranda I have not decide . miranda see Linda lue crossing the parking lot next to she car and call to she . miranda Linda lue linden . Linda lue turn around . she look pleased to be notice , and come over . miranda ( cont@d ) thanks for sneaking we in . linda lue oh , you@re welcome . I do not normally flaunt the rule , but my little voice tell I I should open that door . and I do believe it be right . ( to James ) you be real good . you get a lot of presence up there . some people , they sing real good , but they get no presence , you know ? jame thanks . one of the singer approach ; he truck be park next to james® . we recognize he as Kyle , the one with stage fright . he notice James . kyle James , right ? Kyle davidson . they shake hand kyle ( cont@d ) Nice job tonight . first time ? jame ( nod ) first week in town . miranda ( to Kyle ) do you make it ? he seem a little startle by she directness . kyle no . miranda too bad . I like you song . he look at she skeptically ; be she make fun of he ? kyle yeah , I like yours too . always have . she laugh , then start to sing kyle@ song a cappella . if we do not know it before , we now know ite a beautiful song . she sing just the first verse and stop . Kyle stare at she , draw into she sing , hearing he song the way it should be . even after she stop , he stare at she . finally , he grin . kyle that@s it exactly . how do you know that ? miranda do not see what hep so excited about . miranda all I do be sing it on key . kyle be you go to rede ? a bunch of we be go to rede . for a beer . Kyle look like ite important to he that she go . linda lue that sound like fun . miranda ( to James ) be you go ? jame I be . miranda ( to Kyle ) see you there . int . reds bar - night miranda , James , Kyle and Linda lue sit together at a table . we see quite a few familiar face from lucy audition at surround table . everyone have a bottle of beer except for Linda lue , who drink a shirley Temple . miranda ( to Linda lue ) do not even tell I ; you have least . three relative who have die of consumption . Linda lue seem pleased with miranda@ accuracy . linda lue well , ite four if you count Eddie . he be my mother@ second cousin on she mother@ side . he be find at the bottom of my inflatable play pool . I find he , actually . kyle ( whisper , to James ) the bottom of the pool ? Linda lue go on cheerfully , oblivious of the stunne reaction . linda lue I notice you have you suitcase . do you have a place to stay ? miranda just look at she . linda lue ( cont@d ) I have a real cute motel room , with two bed . there@s even a pool , shape like a guitar . we could share it . jame ( to miranda , pointedly ) she have a pool . miranda you@ve know I fifteen minute and you want I to move in ? I could be a serial killer , for all you know . linda lue oh , I can see that you@re not . i@m a excellent judge of character . i@ve get a touch of the power . miranda do not want to ask what the power be . kyle my grandmother can tell when a tornado be come , a week in advance . Linda lue nod ; she know exactly what he mean . linda lue some thing be beyond we comprehension . ( to Kyle ) let I see you palm . he give it to she . linda lue ( cont@®d ) now you , you get a real strong heart line , see it here . kyle be that good ? linda lue well , sure , but it can also be a little dangerous . my cousin lester , he have a similar heart line , and he throw himself in front of a speed train in the name of love . miranda smirk . miranda my cousin Leon do the very same thing . linda lue be not that a coincidence . you want I to do yours ? Linda lue reach for miranda@ hand . miranda drop the parasol and let she have it . miranda if i1 @m go to meet with a bizarre premature death , i@d just as soon not know about it Linda lue look up from miranda@ palm and answer she gravely . linda lue all right . ( look at miranda@ hand ) oh , well I envy you this life line . you@re go to make you mark . people will remember you when you@re go . miranda pull she hand back . linda lue ( cont@d ) i@m not say it@1ll be soon . do not you want I to read you heart line ? miranda do not offer she hand . miranda no . thanks . jame hey , let I see you heart line . miranda hold out she hand . James pretend to examine it . jame ( cont@d ) you will remain unmarried until the age of 60 . . . at which time you will wed a series of man with one common characteristic . miranda namely ? he squint at she palm . jame they will all be name bubba . sometimes it will be a nickname , or a middle name . miranda carefully extract she hand from james@ . he look at she suggestively , as if shep fight the impulse to jump he . she answer with a @get real@ look . the music on the jukebox have stop . miranda reach for she guitar . she start to play a song . James watch she , hear the open chord , and reach for he guitar . James start play the same song as miranda , @ I do not know why you do not want I . @ miranda begin to sing . miranda ( sing ) it @s the right time , and though I feel fine tonight . jame ( sing ) I do not know why you do not want I miranda ( sing ) it @s the right place , iz@ve get the new face tonight . jame ( sing ) I do not know why you do not want I . Kyle and Linda lue join in . soon the other hopeful from the audition be sing along , commiserate abut they rejection . int . motel room - night Linda lue have apparently have a hand in the decorate of this room ; ite hard to believe the motel provide match floral chintz drape , bedspread , and pillow , or a frame photo of Loretta Lynn . Linda lue@ dog , of the tiny furry white variety , sit on he own floral pillow . miranda throw she suitcase on one of the bed . linda lue you can have either bed . i@ve be use this one she point to the one miranda have not choose . linda lue ( cont@d ) but you can take whichever you want . miranda leave she suitcase where it be and look around . there be several stack of bible in the room . she lift the cover of one , verify what it be , and decide not to deal with this information . miranda be this the extra , the Loretta Lynn suite ? she flop down on the bed , she eye close . Linda lue@ dog come over and sniff miranda , then settles in next to she . miranda open she eye , see the dog , and close they again . the phone ring . Linda lue pick it up . linda lue ( into phone ) hello ? hi , mama . . . well , I just get in this second , mama . . . thing be real good . Linda lue sit up straight , she right hand flat on she bed . without look down , she cross she finger , first on she right hand , then on she leave the one hold the phone . linda lue ( cont@®d ) uh-huh. ( brightly ) I pass my audition . miranda@ eye open ; she tilt she head back and look at Linda lue upside down . shep surprised at the lie but , then again , she really do not give a shit . miranda get up and open she suitcase . she take out a pair of jeans . linda lue ( cont@®d ) well , I be wait for you take a breath , mama , so I could get a word in . yeah , just like Loretta . Linda lue roll she eye at miranda , whop change into the jeans . linda lue ( cont@®d ) only prettier . miranda smile . she pull a black leather - bound notebook out of she suitcase and pick up she guitar . Linda lue cover the mouthpiece with she hand . linda lue ( cont@®d ) be you go somewhere ? miranda i@m just go to go to that coffee shop across the street . she take she motel room key off the table and put it on a chain around she neck , next to several other key and a locket . linda lue but ite late . do not you want to go to bed ? miranda i@m not tired . i@11l be quiet when I come in . Linda lue be perplex . linda lue well , all right . i@11 be see you . miranda goodnight , scarlett . miranda leave . linda lue ( into phone ) i@m listen , mama . who die ? well , what be it that kill he ? int . coffee shop - night miranda be settle into a booth , a full cup of coffee in front of she , circle classified in a newspaper . she do not seem to be find too much . Linda lue enter the coffee shop , wear a frilly pink robe over flower pajamas with foot and furry bedroom slipper . her hair be pull back with a pink band . she look like a exceptionally tall five - year-old . she spot miranda and pad over to she table . miranda look at she and put down she paper . linda lue do I remember to give the spare room key ? miranda annette , i@ve get a hot tip that frankie and he friend be go to crash you slumber party . you do not want to miss that . Linda lue sit down across from she . linda lue do you hate I ? miranda how could anyone possibly hate you ? you@re miss congeniality . linda lue I be hope we could be great friend . miranda I do not know if that@s such a fabulous idea . linda lue why not ? miranda glance down at Linda lue@ foot , which stick out from under the table . miranda ( notice ) you pajamas have foot . Linda lue wait for a answer . miranda ( cont@d ) look , I come here to be alone . nothing personal . Linda lue look hurt . miranda smile at she kindly . miranda ( cont@d ) nothing personal . I swear . Cross my heart . Linda lue draw herself up and speak with conviction . linda lue some people aren@t exactly the people you they be when you first meet someone . she get up and pad out of the coffee shop . miranda watcher she go . int . coffee shop - morning the sun just come up . miranda@ still in she booth , she head rest on she arm , asleep . the waitress come up with a pot of coffee and touch she on the arm . waitress more coffee , honey ? miranda look up , then out the window , squinting at the sun . miranda no , thanks . the waitress leave . miranda put a couple dollar on the table , pick up she stuff , and leave . int . motel room - morning miranda enter the darken motel room . the mess she leave have be clean up ; apparently Linda lue unpack for she . miranda pull off she jeans , remove she bra without take off she t-shirt , and crawl into bed . meanwhile , in the other bed , Linda lue open she eye , see miranda , and stretch . she get out of bed , pick up she robe and go to the bathroom . the dog jump off Linda lue@ bed and go to sleep with miranda . int . motel room - afternoon miranda@ still in bed , asleep . the air conditioner hum . there @s a knock on the door . miranda reach for the clock ; ite 3:10 . she get out of bed and walk over to the dresser . she open a drawer , find a pair of boxer short and put they on . another knock . miranda whop here at this ungodly hour ? she open the door . it @s Kyle , hold he guitar . she look out at he sleepily , she hair a mess , pillow mark on she face . the dog stand at she foot . kyle hi . you look good . miranda thanks . kyle what be you , get ready to go out ? the dog growl at Kyle . miranda i@m think there@s some reason you@re here . kyle I just see Linda lue . she say you be asleep . he look at the dog , who continue a low growl . miranda thanks . let I know if she say anything else . she start to close the door . kyle wait . I want to ask you something . she open the door again . the dog step up the growl . kyle ( cont@d ) be that you dog ? she look at he ; of course ite not she dog . kyle ( cont@d ) that@s not my question . will you help I with my sing ? miranda be that you question ? kyle that@s it . miranda o.k . kyle ( smile ) yeah ? miranda yeah . kyle now ? she nod , tolerant of he excitement . kyle ( cont@d ) great . i@11 even make you dinner . miranda give I a minute . she close the door . the dog stop growl . ext . apartment build roof - dusk Kyle and miranda sit in beach chair on the roof of he apartment building , with they guitar . there@s a grill next to Kyle ; hep barbequee something for dinner . kyle@ finish up a song , a beautiful ballad ( e.g. @ keep I from blow away@ ) . his voice be tentative , and he watch he finger as he play . miranda all right . now start the song again , but instead of sing , tell I about you guitar . Kyle start to strum the chord to the song . kyle what do you want to know about it ? miranda I do not know , some kind of amusing anecdote about how you daddy trade a pig for it , or the ghost of hank Williams sr. Left it on you front porch . Kyle have start to watch he finger again . he look up , decide not to let she get to he . kyle my mom give I this guitar . she say she could tell I have a lot of creative energy . miranda what about you dad ? kyle I do not know , what about he ? miranda anything . keep play . kyle the first time I come to Nashville , I be here four month before I run out of money and have to turn around and come back home . I think he@d want I to give it up , since I have not make it . but he just put I back to work on the ranch . Said he could use I until I be ready to give it another go . miranda letting life teach you its own lesson , realize you dream weren@t the same as he dream . Kyle laugh . kyle stop I if you@ve hear my life story before . miranda I see that episode of gunsmoke . anyway , the important thing be you@re play the guitar without look at you finger . he stop play . kyle of course I do not have to watch my finger . it @s part of my style . miranda well , do not do it anymore . now , look at I and sing some of the word . Kyle start to play again , look miranda in the eye . he stop , and start the song over . he open he mouth , then shut it again . finally , he stop play . kyle I can@t do it . miranda why not ? kyle it personal . it @s part of I . you and I , here alone , my sing to you be practically like stripping down naked . miranda raise she eyebrow , as if he might actually disrobe . kyle ( cont@d ) be not it like that for you , sing one of you song ? miranda it seem to I that this be a rather serious handicap for a aspire performer . kyle I do not want to be a performer . i@d have to be insane to think I could ever make a dime with this voice . miranda I think you want to learn to sing . kyle I do . so I can sing on writer@ night . I can not get my song record if nobody hear they . miranda be that the only way to get they hear ? kyle i@ve do about a hundred demo , I song with other singer . Vince gill put a song of mine on hold last summer , be think about put it on he new album , but he do not end up cut it . miranda pick up she guitar . miranda well , maybe if you see yourself as a actor , like ite not really you . play the part in the song . she start to strum a few chord . she look Kyle in the eye as she sing , act as if the word be mean for he . the sun be set behind she . miranda ( sing ) I love you yesterday and I love you just the same and none of the thing you do could tear we apart I love you yesterday and I love you just the same when I give myself to you you take only my heart she put the guitar down . Kyle fall for the act ; he slightly lovestruck . kyle that@s nice . you write that ? miranda ( shake she head no ) lyle lovett . hep my favorite . kyle you@re not prove you point until you play I one of you song . he get up to check on the barbeque . miranda one of what ? she smile at he ; she doesn@t have any song . kyle you have not write any song ? miranda you@re a songwriter . i@m a singer . kyle you just haven@t write any song yet . nobody move from New York to Nashville to be a singer . look miranda nobody but I . Kyle shake he head no . kyle country musich all about the word , have something to say . you would not be here if you do not have that word inside you . you just have not let they out yet . miranda consider the potential truth of this . miranda i@m the one who drop my entire life and move someplace i@ve never even visit before . I should get to figure out why the hell I do it . int . coffee shop - morning miranda sit at the same table as the day before , a cup of coffee in front of she . shep be sleep ; she raise she head from where it be rest on she arm and squint at the daylight . she stick a finger in she coffee ; ite cold . she get we of she both . int . motel room - morning miranda come in and get ready for bed . Linda lue be not in she bed . we hear water run , then sing as she finish she shower . the dog jump into miranda@ bed . miranda hey , buster . Linda lue come out of the bathroom . shep cheerful , a morning person . she seem a little hesitant about miranda ; shep not sure if they@re fight . linda lue his name ain@t buster . miranda what be it ? linda lue Mr. dog. Linda lue say this as if ithus a perfectly normal name . miranda pull on boxer short . miranda how do you know he first name be not buster ? Linda lue think . miranda pick up the dog , put he on a different part of the bed , and get in . linda lue well , he would have tell I . we discuss practically everything . miranda do you unpack my stuff ? linda lue I put you t-shirt in the second drawer , you underthings be in the top drawer , and pretty much everything else be in the closet , light to dark . miranda look at she disbelievingly ; Linda lue get nervous . linda lue ( cont@®d ) Left to right . there be a lot of black . I guess you know that . I can not wear black , it just wash I out . you ain@t mad , be you ? she do not seem the least bit mad . miranda where be my tape ? linda lue ( point ) there , in the night table . you be mad . miranda I be think about what you say in the coffee shop . Linda lue sit at the foot of the bed , she tone apologetic . linda lue i@m try to be more forthcoming . miranda well , then let I ask you something . Linda lue nod . miranda ( cont@d ) do not most motel room have one Bible ? Linda lue hop up and take a Bible from one of the pile . linda lue I make this myself . I work at the praise the Lord print company . miranda you do not steal this . linda lue oh , lord no . this be all misprint . ( pick one up , page through it ) this one have chapter four from Yogi berra@ autobiography right in the middle of revelation . Jesus come back and say ( cont@d ) linda lue ( cont@®d ) @lt ain@t over till ite over . @ we could not ship it that way . people might think Jesus have already come back , and hep be Yogi berra all along . miranda you@re make this up . Linda lue nod . linda lue do you think it be funny ? miranda ( laugh ) yes , I think it be funny . linda lue this really be misprint , they@re just mostly upside down , though . but here@s a booklet that@s suppose to be on how to accept Jesus Christ as you lord and savior , and see , ite all recipe for fun dessert you can make with cool whip . I do not make that up , swear to God . miranda i@m go to have to remember not to swear to anything in this room . int . music row office - day miranda , hold she guitar case , stand in front of the receptionist desk , talk to the receptionist , a attractive young woman with a Tennessee accent . receptionist i@m sorry , he do not see anyone without a appointment . miranda o.k. let make a appointment , then . Wednesday be good for I . receptionist you realize I go through this eleven time a day . I do not let anyone slip through . miranda ever ? not even like a really cute guy ? the receptionist smile and hold out she leave hand , revealing she wedding ring . receptionist that@s how I meet my husband . i@m afraid I @m go to have to tell you what I tell everyone : when you@re rich and famous , you can look back on this and thank God people like I no longer have any control over you life . miranda realize shep not go to get anywhere , and leave the office . CUT to : montage of shot of miranda try to get past the front office at other management company on Music row : she stand in front of another receptionist and page through the receptionist@s desk calendar , point out a empty appointment time . the girl shake she head no firmly . a receptionist pull out a large cardboard box and show it to miranda ; we see that ite fill to overflow with tape . miranda open the door at another company and find a four-piece band audition for a expressionless receptionist in the wait area . miranda turn to leave , hope she do not look as ridiculous as that . int . lucy@s caf '' - night the place be about half - full ; the show hasn@t start yet . miranda , Linda lue , Kyle , and James share a table near the stage . mirdanda so he tell I to come back after they close and @try out@ , in quote and italic , because hep be alone and he wife be like in Tulsa and I be like , @y yeah ! absolutely ! i@11 be back . be there any possibility you could gain some more weight by tonight , because I would fine that really sexy .® kyle you do not say that . miranda I do , actually . she look around for they waitress . miranda ( cont@d ) do not we have a waitress ? linda lue ( to James ) now , do not you be nervous . you@re go to be just fine . you get a case of the nerve , you artery can explode . you could look healthy as a horse , except you be dead . i@ve see it myself . jame I do not get nervous . thanks for try to calm I down , though . mirdanda i@m go to the bar . anyone want anything ? kyle beer. jame nothing till after I go on . miranda look at Linda lue miranda i@m not order a shirley Temple . linda lue nothing for I , thanks . miranda make she way over to the bar . Nick , the auditioner who dedicated he song to Lucy , sit on a barstool . miranda order from the bartender . miranda two beer and a shirley Temple . the bartender raise he eyebrow . miranda nod to confirm she order , then notice Nick . miranda hey , I know you , from the audition . nick Nick reynold miranda miranda presley . nick that@s right . miranda presley . wrote @ desperado® when you be eight year old . miranda smile ; she do not seem embarrassed . miranda i@m famous already , and I can not even find a job . nick Lucy just lose a waitress . maybe she@1l give you a job . miranda no . i@m hot a waitress , I @m a singer . nick i@m not sure I see the difference . ( call to the back room ) Lucy , come on out here . Lucy come out of the back room , a look of annoyance on she face . she recognize miranda . lucy well , if it be not miss presley . what can I do for you , honey ? nick shep interested in the waitress position . I tell she you probably want to hire she . both woman look at Nick like they wish he@d butt out . the bartender page through a booklet , look for a shirley Temple recipe . miranda look , I do not want to be a waitress . lucy then why be I out here ? miranda look at Nick accusingly . nick I do not know , but you sure do look nice tonight , Lucy . you want to go out later ? lucy Nick , i@ve get a million thing to do . darcy call I at four in the afternoon to tell I she be quit . nick ( mock surprise ) quitting ? why ? lucy oh , shep go on tour with rodney crowell or some fool thing . nick whaths she go to do ? drive the bus ? Nick know very well what darcy go to do . lucy ( to miranda ) darcy a singer . she meet rodney crowell right in the very establishment , slip he a tape , which be against the rule , and now shep sing back - up on he tour . nick a sucker for a happy end , but they@re few and far between , if you ask I . Lucy head for the back room . miranda Lucy . she turn around . miranda ( cont@d ) I just want to apologize . for sing @ desperado® at the audition . I know I be suppose to sing something I write . lucy no apology necessary . just do not pull that again . you@re welcome to try out anytime with something of you own . ( sigh ) and you can have the waitress job , if you decide you@re interested by tomorrow afternoon . but no pass tape to the customer . Lucy go into the back room . the bartender have finally finish the shirley Temple , and miranda pick up she drink . mirdanda ( to Nick ) you think I should take this job , do not you ? nick if you think opportunity keep drop by until you like what hep wear , you might as well pass this up . miranda ever since I cross the border into Tennessee , it be a exercise in logic to get a yes or no answer . nick personally , I think you should take the job . you get the voice to make it someday . miranda be surprised at the flattery , but still concerned . miranda how long do darcy work here ? nick you do not want to know . miranda go back to she table . James be go onstage . the audience applaud . hep confident , poise . two or three musician assemble behind he to back he up . jame hi. i@m James wynn . i@m from Austin , where we like we music with a few rough edge . I hope that@s all right with y@all . if you like this one , maybe you can tell Lucy , let she know nashville@s ready for something new for a change . miranda look confuse . she turn to Kyle . kyle I hear he want lucky to let he play without a audition . he have all this review from when he play in Austin . I also hear that he shot a record executive in Austin , but I do not think that parte true . James signal the band and they kick in with a energetic rockabilly - flavor song . hep definitely show he have the talent to back up he attitude . ext . lucy@s parking lot - night James lean against he truck , drink a beer , talk to the guy who play behind he . miranda , Linda lue and Kyle come out of the bar . James say goodnight to the musician and call out to miranda . jame miranda . come here . she walk over to he , leave Linda lue and Kyle wait for she . miranda you be good . jame do you ever have a nickname ? miranda be that why you call I over ? jame no . that be a icebreaker . he reach out and take she hand , surprising she . miranda no. do you ? he shake he head . jame you want to go out ? right now ? miranda only if you do . kyle@ talk to Linda lue . he look over and see James hold miranda@ hand and stop mid-sentence . Linda lue turn to look and see miranda get into james@ truck . linda lue I guess she find a ride . ( call out ) James . how many beer have you have ? James hold up he beer bottle and toss it in the trash . jame one half . o.k .? I promise not to run down any of you relative . linda lue have a nice time . ext . empty parking lot - night a large , empty bowl alley parking lot . james@ truck travel in circle , tire squealing . int . truck - night Inside the truck , we see that miranda be drive . she grind the gear and wrestle with the steering wheel . speed seem to be she only objective . jame I can not believe you@ve never drive before . miranda i@m do that well ? jame no . I put that wrong . I believe you when you say you@ve never drive before . a blind man could see you@ve never drive before . miranda give he a look and drive over a cement parking divider . James get a idea . jame ( cont@d ) I know . step on the middle pedal . she hit the brake . the car stall . jame ( cont@d ) my fault . I forget to remind you about the clutch . he open the glove box and pull out a bandana . he hold it up in front of miranda , try to put it on she like a blindfold . she look at he like hep nut . miranda maybe this work with other girl jame trust I . she let he blindfold she . CUT to : int . truck - night miranda drive with the blindfold on . shep do much better drive in slow circle . James periodically tell she when to turn , put he hand on the steering wheel to help she . jame not too many people know this , but Nashville have a giant magnet - ite right under this very parking lot - that pull thing in . people , pick - up truck , old Roy orbison eight - track . it pull you here . turn leave . she turn to look at he , but can not because of the bandana . miranda why do not it pull anybody else I know ? jame it doesn@t attract everyone . just hick and hillbilly and a few redneck . songwriter . people who own cowboy hat , ( cont@d jame ( cont@d ) guy with mustaches . if you have a pick - up , sometimes it@ll get pull with you in it . some people try to ignore it ; they get use to the pull and just never come . my theory about you be that you@ve get this stray piece of hillbilly lodge in you , probably in one of you shoulder . you be smart not to fight it . miranda you know how you can have a job and a apartment and friend and you think , this be my life . if I leave this , I have no life . jame mmm. turn right . she make the turn easily , not think about the drive . miranda well , I wake up a few week ago and it be really hot out and sunny and there be kid everywhere . it be the first day of summer vacation , and it be just like every other day to I . I want to be out , like they be . I just want out . and I think , nothing@ hold I here , I can do whatever the hell I want . and if I do not do it now , i@ll keep go forever do what I think I have to do when actually the only thing that@®s definite about my life be that I @m in it . i@m the fuck lead . I leave the next day . jame that happen to I when I be seventeen . miranda and i@ve always want to see graceland . jame how fast be you go ? miranda about twenty ? jame fourteen . shift down and make a sharp right when I say now . ... . now . miranda follow he instruction and pull smoothly onto the highway jame ( cont@d ) speed up . she do , shifting into third . jame ( cont@d ) faster . get into fourth . miranda fourth ? I can not go that fast in a parking lot . jame promise I you will not panic . he pull off she blindfold and she see that shep drive on the highway . she smile , proud of herself . ext . hillside - night miranda and James lie on they stomach in the back of he pick - up truck , look off into the distance . miranda you@ve get a strange idea of a good time . jame it better this way . we see that they be watch a drive - in movie , except they@re not at the drive - in ; they@re park overlook the drive - in . they have a good view of the screen , but no speaker . it @s a clear summer night , just barely dark out . the movie be @ Love Story .® jame ( cont@d ) you can make up you own story . James sit up and reach for he guitar . he start to strum the guitar , nod in the direction of the screen and sing the first line of a song , make it up as he go along . he play , wait for miranda to do the second line . she doesn@t . he keep make up line , make the song about the character in the movie . suddenly , miranda come up with a line of she own ; ite just as good as one of james@ . she make up the chorus and they sing together . miranda roll over on she back and stare at the sky , she head flop out the back of the truck . miranda I do not know there be this many star . jame giant magnet . what @s you favorite song ? miranda answer without hesitation . miranda @hook on a feeling . jame I too . miranda liar . jame I think you can feel secure in you position as the only person on the planet whose favorite song be @ hook on a feeling . miranda whaths yours ? jame y.m.c.a. miranda yeah . I too . James laugh . jame what can you do that no one else can do ? miranda nothing . jame there@s always something . miranda I can do a country version of any bon jovi song . any bon jovi single . except @ Lay you hand on me.@ what about you ? jame I speak Spanish . miranda so do a billion other people . jame last month , I punch a record producer in the face . miranda I hear you shot he . only he be a label executive . jame see , you should never believe rumor . miranda so what happen ? jame I meet this producer in Austin , who want to do some demo with I , try and get I a record deal . then as soon as we get into the studio , he start change my song , fuck with they so they@d sound more like everyone else . we have a fundamental difference of opinion . and he be a dick . miranda so you punch he . jame I believe in do what you feel like do at any moment in time . miranda whaths it like , when you sing something you write ? jame do not you write song ? miranda no . I think I might try it , though . this sing thing be not really work out . jame the first time I play one of my song and people connect with it , it be like sex . well , not exactly . like the first time you kiss someone and you heart kind of flip , except it do not make you feel weak , it make you feel strong . if you think ithus something you want to do , you should try it . miranda I think ite something I want to do . they look straight at each other , lean towards each other and kiss . ext . lucy@s caf @ mall - day miranda walk down the sidewalk toward lucy . she pass a laundromat . Inside , a man sit on a wash machine play he guitar and sing while he clothes spin in the dryer . miranda stop and listen to he a moment ; hep not bad . she continue down the sidewalk and go inside lucy int . lucy@s caf '' - night two singer perform on stage . we see miranda move through the crowd , work as a waitress . shep not have a easy time ; she set a beer in front of a customer and he indicate that ite not what he order and make she take it back . she carry the bottle back to the bar , where Nick sit at he usual post . miranda do I thank you for bring glamour and excitement into my dreary life ? nick do you mess up another one ? she slide the bottle over to the bartender . miranda ( to bartender ) michelob . ( to Nick ) beer all taste the same to I . do you ask she out yet today ? nick ( nod ) she decline . thanks for inquire . miranda maybe ite time to fish or cut bait . nick you know that lyle lovett song ? waltze fool ? miranda of course . nick ( sing a capella ) the waltzing fool , he just might be crazy , cause the waltzing fool keep the moon in he car . miranda what about it ? nick nothing . silence . miranda stare at Nick , wait . nick ( cont@d ) just might no be so crazy , that@s all . ext . music row - night it the middle of the night , pitch dark . a few of the house have they light on . int . studio - night miranda be in a recording studio , sing the last few line of a ballad ( e.g. @l be there life out there ? @ ) over a guitar track record earlier . Kyle be in the booth alone , operate the board . miranda I could do it better . let I do it one more time . kyle no . i@m keep that one . miranda we have fifteen minute . I can do it better . kyle miranda . that one be perfect . wynonna judd would use that one . ext . music row - night Kyle and miranda come out of the building where they be recording . the walk down the sidewalk , Kyle carry miranda@ guitar . miranda look down , not step on crack . miranda so what be you go to do with the demo ? kyle they@1ll put it on a list of available song , and if someone come in and want something like this , they might listen to it . miranda that@s it ? that@s how you@re get it hear ? that@s a great song , better than most of the stuff on the radio . kyle they all sound that way at first , when you@re the only one whop ever hear it . miranda i@m tell you , someone want this song . wynonna judd want this song , she just do not know it yet . kyle if that@s true , she@ll find out soon enough . miranda o.k . it @s you song . i@m go to say two more word . kyle two word . miranda no wonder . she keep walk . Kyle stop . kyle no wonder what ? she doesn@t answer . he think . kyle ( cont@d ) no wonder I can not get anything record ? no wonder i@1l1l be just another guy who never do what he say he be go to ? no wonder I work in a record store ? because I do not push my song on every singer I meet ? ( seem to realize something ) well , I do that , for awhile , but that song weren@t that good miranda stop walk . she turn and look at Kyle . kyle ( cont@d ) for you information , I stop put all my energy into every new song because I do not want to be so damned disappointed all the time . miranda look guilty . she begin a apology . miranda Kyle . Kyle sit down on the curb . miranda sit next to he . kyle ( realize ) you@re right . no wonder . how can I expect anyone else to get excited about my song if I do not ? I should not just sit back and wait for someone to find my song ; I should do something to get my song hear he try to think of a idea . kyle ( cont@d ) what do you think I should do ? miranda take the demo tape out of she pocket . miranda I think you should - we should - take this song to wynonna and get she to listen to it . she stand up . Kyle remain sit . she tilt she head - a gesture for he to come on , then star walk away . kyle what , right now ? he get up and follow she . ext . wynonna judd@ house - night there@s a car park in the circular driveway . Kyle and miranda approach the car , try to be inconspicuous . miranda be you sure this be the right house ? she park right out front ? anyone could break into she car . kyle I guess we@re the only one who think of it . it @s she house . I come to a party here once . miranda so you@re in she social circle , but we have to lurk around at dawn to give she a tape . kyle I be parking car , and this be not my idea . miranda give I the thing . Kyle hand she a slim jim . kyle the thing ? I think you have do this before . miranda what do you think I be , a criminal ? i@ve see it do . my sixth - grade boyfriend be do eighteen month for this . Kyle put he hand on she wrist to stop she . kyle o.k. time to go . miranda that be a joke . he get probation . she carefully insert the slim jim between the car window and the door . she move it around expertly , and after a few second the door lock click . Kyle jump . miranda ( cont@d ) give I the tape . Kyle hand she the tape . she open the car door . as soon as she raise the handle , the car alarm go off . kyle shit. let go . miranda wait . let I put the tape in . she sit in the driver@ seat and pope the tape in the car radio . kyle take that out . it have my name on it . miranda roll she eye at he . miranda how else be she go to know whose song it be ? kyle but she@ll know I break into she car . miranda of course she will . that@s the one drawback to the plan . kyle I can not believe I do not think of that . the alarm continue to blare . a light come on inside the house . Kyle look up and see it . miranda follow he gaze and see it too . miranda do not people ignore this thing anymore ? she get out of the car . Kyle get in a push button on the tape player . kyle where@s the eject ? miranda hear something ; she look down the driveway and see a police car pull up . miranda and when do the cop start respond so quickly ? int . police station - morning Kyle sit in one of a row of chair against the wall . he look angry . miranda lean over the receive desk , pleasing with a unsympathetic cop . miranda I tell you , we weren@t try to steal anything . we be give she a tape . kyle ( weary ) do not arrest she . it be my idea . miranda it be my idea . the cop look from one to the other ; he do not care whose idea it be . kyle at least you admit that . miranda why be you mad at I ? you agree to it . kyle you do not mention the one drawback . miranda any idiot would have figure out the one the one drawback . wynonna judd walk into the police station , a police officer at she side . everyone turn to look at she . the unsympathetic desk cop seem particularly impressed to see she . policeman and my daughter just love you last album . I like that one you do with you mama : ( sing ) @ Girls night out , honey there ain@t no doubt ... @ he notice everyone look at he and stop sing . he point at Kyle and miranda . policman ( cont@®d ) this here be you perpetrator . Kyle extend he right hand . kyle hi. Kyle davidson . it @s a pleasure to meet you . wynonna shake he hand . miranda look at he like hep nut . kyle ( cont@d ) this be miranda presley . miranda hi. wynonna kind of polite for harden criminal . which one of you jimmied open my car door ? miranda raise she hand . the cop behind the counter stop stare at wynonna and rush over to a desk . he start rummage through drawer . kyle we weren@t try to steal it wynonna ( to miranda ) thanks for not scratch it . you@re the one sing on the tape ? miranda ( nod ) it he song . you listen to the tape ? wynonna ( to Kyle ) I guess this song be available ? or be you wait to hear from everyone else whose car you break into ? kyle your be the only car we break into wynonna well , I @m flatter . I just wish I be not flatter this early in the morning . be you phone number on the tape ? Kyle nod , embarrassed at he stupidity . wynonna ( cont@d ) i@1ll have my manager give you a call about put it on hold . kyle@ mouth drop open . miranda smile . wynonna turn to leave the police station . policeman miss judd ? do you want to press charge ? wynonna all I want be to get some sleep . kyle ( to miranda ) do not think this mean I forgive you . the copy go through he desk find what hep look for . he hold up a tape , triumphantly , look up and see wynonna leave . policeman # 2 Excuse I , miss judd ? she turn to look at he . he hurry to catch up with she . policeman # 2 since you@re look for new material . he offer she the tape . she take it from he patiently , promise to listen to it . int . coffee shop - night miranda sit in she usual booth , but this time shep awake . she have she guitar next to she and she notebook open in front of she , try to write a song . it do not seem to be go too well , most of what shep write have be cross out . she read what she still ah and cross that out too . int . james@ truck - afternoon miranda and James be in the truck . miranda drive . miranda i@m have trouble even get start . maybe I can not do it . jame you learn how to drive two week ago and you@re already the best driver I know . miranda write song be different . jame maybe you need to try it with you eye close . she look at he and shake she head , swerving expertly around a car at the same time . miranda try it . do not work . jame whene you night off ? miranda Wednesday . jame Wednesday . i@ll show you a few trick . but you have to promise not to get better than I . miranda pull into the parking lot for lucy . int . lucy@s caf@ - afternoon the caf@ have not open yet . miranda open the door , show up for work . James be with she ; they kiss goodbye passionately . Lucy look at they disapprove . miranda come in and tie a apron around she waist . Lucy put glass away behind the bar . Nick be onstage , do a sound check for he performance later . nick ( into microphone ) check , check . Lucy . . . Lucy ? be this work right ? Lucy finally look up . lucy the microphone be fine , Nick . nick you@re pretty fine , yourself , Lucy . Lucy go back to work . miranda smile . miranda can I ask you something ? lucy if you think there@s something you do not already know . miranda how long have he be after you like this ? lucy a little over a year . in the background , Nick start to strum he guitar . miranda and you@ve never even go out with he ? nick ( sing ) she will not even give I a chance . Lucy sigh ; she doesn@t think this be nearly as interesting as miranda do . lucy I expect you@ll keep ask I about this until you hear the whole sorry story . miranda look at she expectantly . nick ( sing ) she call I sorry , and that@s just what I be lucy I meet Nick about . . . eight year ago . my husband and he . miranda you husband ? Nick start a new song , with a different melody . nick ( sing ) that no good man be not no good for you . lucy my husband play guitar in nick band . Nick start act pretty much the way he act now , only then I be young and do not have much sense . nick ( sing ) I would not give you a dollar , for all the sense in the world . lucy I eventually leave my husband and take up with he she jerk she head in nick direction . miranda what happen ? nick ( sing ) it be the right love , at the wrong time . lucy Nick get a record deal . he cut a album and go on tour . his first night on the road , he call I up and start talk about . . . what be it , Nick ? Space ? nick ( sing ) now it seem all the space in the world , be between I and you . lucy well , he album do not exactly set any sale record , and he record label drop he . before I know it he be hang around here , think I be fool enough to take he back . nick ( sing ) you do not want to fool , with this fool in love with you . miranda maybe hep learn he lesson . nick ( sing ) but i@ve learn my lesson , you teach I the hard way to fall . lucy he have not say anything so far to make I think hep learn one damn thing . i2 @m go to open up . she walk over to unlock the front door . nick ( sing ) open up you heart to I , darling , this time I will not let you down . lucy get off my stage , Nick . ext . lucy@s caf@® - night miranda@ just get off work . she come outside and look around for something . she see Kyle , lean against he truck . miranda stay where she be . Kyle walk over to she . kyle I tell Linda lue i1@d pick you up . I think we might celebrate . she look at he doubtfully . kyle ( cont@d ) any idiot would have figure out the one drawback . miranda smile . ext . sidewalk - night miranda and Kyle walk along the strip on night club and souvenir shop . it @s a warm night , and they pass musician play on the sidewalk for tip . they pass a open bottle of champagne back and forth , drink straight out of the bottle . kyle it lucky for both of we that my song be so good , or we@d be in jail right now . miranda it lucky for you that I sing on that demo . kyle hey , I can sing pretty good , i@ll have you know . miranda you@1l have to show I that sometime . Kyle walk over to one of the street musician and borrow he guitar . he lean against a wall and begin to play ; miranda and the musician watch he . he start to sing ; ite the love song he do at the audition , the one miranda sing to he in the parking lot . Kyle do it a lot better than when he audition ; he look right a miranda and sing the word to she . he finish , show no sign of embarrassment , and hand the guitar back to the musician . kyle thanks , buddy . he and miranda walk away . miranda not bad . she hand he the champagne bottle . kyle not bad ? not bad ! miranda you@re johnny Cash . you@re Vince gill . you@re George Strait . he put he arm around she , and she lean she head against he shoulder . kyle you know whate funny ? miranda do not answer . kyle ( cont@d ) the first time I see you , I didn@®t even realize how beautiful you be . she seem affect by this , but only for a moment . she pull away from he . miranda just once , i@d like a sober man to call I beautiful . kyle it not just that , ite you . I do not even care that I get arrest , really , because I be with you . you know how I get better at that song ? miranda@ look say she do not want to know . kyle ( cont@d ) I think about you . about everything I want to tell you about how I feel . and I be sober at the time , I promise . Kyle move toward she . she move away , start walk again , try to lighten the mood . miranda so you realize there@s a song for everything that happen in life ? sometimes there be dozen for one moment in time , like now . your could be that reo speedwagon song about want to be more than friend , and mine could be @ baby do not get hook on I .® kyle i@ve always hate that song . miranda I get you arrest and i@ll always remind you of a song that you hate . that should be two strike against I . kyle do not count on it . int . airport terminal - night James and miranda come up to a gate , carry they guitar . James walk up to the window and watch a plan taxi up to the gate . miranda plop down in a chair . miranda I think you@re mistaken about how easy it be to amuse I . it @s harder than this . James walk over and sit next to she . he take out he guitar . jame we@re not here to amuse you , we@re she to get you some inspiration . look at he . he point at a old man carry a small bunch of daisy . the man stand look expectantly at the gate . miranda look at he , unimpress . jame ( cont@d ) wait for he wife . the woman he marry when she be barely seventeen . the woman he love just as much today as the day he meet she . miranda you could write a song from that ? jame no . not I . I do not write about everlast love . miranda say hep wait for gregor , he thirty - year - old dutch lover . they meet in Venice last valentine@ day , and have be apart since then . jame how come ? miranda Howard over there have to have he wife kill , and she collection of exotic parrot convert into hatbands . jame should be a touch reunion . not a country song , though . what about he ? James point at a man , about 35 , who look anxiously out the window at the plane . miranda he marry he high school sweetheart , they have a lovely home and a wonderful marriage , or so everyone think . shep return from a Mary Kay convention . jame or so she say . that have possibility . he play a few chord and sing a line about the american dream go wrong . the door open and passenger start come into the gate area . the old man search each face , almost as if hep frighten . suddenly he face light up . a short blue-ey woman come to he , she smile just like he . he hold she tightly , he fist clenching the daisy behind she back . nearby , a young couple kiss passionately . James look at miranda ; he tell she so . miranda star at the old couple , who break apart as if slightly embarrassed . the man pick up the woman@ bag . he@ 's forget to give she the flower . the young couple continue to kiss . the man who be look out the window be stand on the edge of the crowd of passenger , search for someone . jame watch he . finally the man see who he hep look for ; a five - year - old girl get off the plane , hold the stewardess@ hand . the little girl see he and break free of the stewardess . she yell @ daddy ! @ and run to she father , who kneel down and catch she , lift she in he arm . she wrap she little leg around he and hug he neck tightly ; you couldn@t find a inch of space between they . the father close he eye for a moment , smile . James look at miranda , who stare at the father and daughter . she look like shep about to cry . she turn away , embarrassed . miranda let go . she pick up she guitar and walk quickly away from the crowded gate , down the corridor . James hurry to catch up with she . jame whaths the matter ? miranda nothing . jame o.k . you do not have to tell I . miranda step at a empty wait area and take a seat . James sit next to she . miranda I hate that . someone go away for two week and ite like the end of the fuck world . jame whaths wrong with miss someone ? miranda if you know they@re come back , you have no right to miss they . it @s not like they@re dead . they sit there a little while , James sense that miranda@ really upset about something . jame I remember when my grandfather die . I keep wait for he to come to Sunday dinner . miranda how old be you ? jame twenty . miranda look at he , a little surprised . she hesitates , then open she locket and show he inside . miranda that@s my dad . one side have a black and white photo of she father , a handsome man with a wide grin . the other side have a black and white photo of elvis pout . James try a little joke . jame he look just like elvis . miranda that be elvis . he give I this when I be ten . my decitennial accolade , he call it . he raise I since I be five . just I and he . she look at the picture , then snap the locket shut drop it around she neck . miranda ( cont@d ) presley@s my middle name . he have this kind of elvis thing . nothing weird . jame when do he die ? miranda Three month ago . jame that@s not very long . it @s only natural that you miss he . miranda I do not miss he . he tell I not to . miranda@ quiet . James just sit with she , comfortable with the silence . jame you want to go ? miranda o.k. ext . motel pool - night James sit in a deck chair . miranda sit on the diving board , dangle she toe in the water . it @s a hot summer night ; she wear a t-shirt and short . she have she guitar , and be sing @ bad medicine@ , which shep transformed from pop / metal to country . she do the first verse , then : miranda when I get marry , I @m go to have they play @ bad medicine as I walk down the aisle . the bon jovi version . miranda climb off the diving board and set she guitar in a chair . she go over to the pool stop and start to climb in fully dress . James start to play something ; ite the song he start write earlier , in the airport , about live the american dream , but only on the surface . he have a few really good line . by the hep do , miranda have get all the way into the pool , except for she head . shep be watch he intently the whole time hep be sing . James put down he guitar and sit at the edge of the pool . jame why do you always stay up all night ? miranda Linda lue snore . jame be you afraid of the dark ? miranda if I be afraid on the dark , I would not spend so much time in the dark , would I ? James pull off he shirt and start to climb into the pool . miranda duck underwater and come back up . jame nightmares ? miranda not since I be eight . jame whated you do then , when you a nightmare ? miranda I would wake up my dad , he@d come get I , and he@d let I stay up all night . we@d light candle and make cookie and play poker . we use to crank call foreign country . I learn the twist at four in the morning . then when it get light out , i@d go to bed and miss half a day of school . my dad once write a not for I ; @ miranda be unavoidably late to school today due to a slight pterodactyl crisis at home . the problem have be remedy and it be unlikely that this will happen again .@ they move around the shallow end of the pool , not approach each other . jame so you@ve be sleep during the day since he die ? miranda at first , I could not sleep at all , then the only time I could even remember what he look like be in the middle of the night . I sometimes think about what i@l1l say when I see he again , and if i@ll recognize he , then I realize I will not see he again at all . James move over to miranda and stand in front of she . miranda ( cont@d ) i@ve be think about something . ( he take she hand . ) miranda ( cont@d ) I wonder if i@l1l1l know you in a year . jame I do not know . James move toward she , try to seduce she . shep go to respond . miranda if we go out , and we break up , I probably won@t . i@ll be just another girl you use to go out with . and someday there @1ll be so many you will not know which one I be . James back away from she . jame you want I to say we@ll be together ina year ? because I can not say that . miranda no . that@s not what I want . it not clear if a look of realization cross he face . he let go of she hand . jame you do not want to do this . miranda I do not think ite a good idea . James get out of the pool ; hep angry and hep leave . he pick up he shirt and start to walk away , then stop and turn to miranda . jame i@m go to have to ask you to tell I why . miranda I tell you . jame I need the real reason . then we@ll be friend or whatever it be you want . miranda sit on the top step on the pool . she look away from he a tell he the truth . miranda i@ve be try to write a song . just one song , to prove I can do it . not even a good song . and you , you see two stranger at a airport and you turn it into something so . . . incredible . you song be incredible . jame what , you@re jealous ? I might not even finish that song . I have a song I start three year ago that@s not do yet . miranda i@m not jealous . i@m overwhelm . I just can not give you that , see ? jame I do not care . miranda I do . she stare at he . he see shep set on this and give up , walk away . she sit in the pool , hold she knee to she chest , watch he go . int . lucy@s caf '' - night later that night . the performance be over , and only a few songwriter hang around , make arrangement to get together and write . miranda put the last chair up . she go over to Lucy , whop count receipt at one of the table . lucy you can leave if you want , honey . miranda sit with she . miranda Lucy , do you think anyone can be a songwriter lucy i@ve see some people who try about as hard as a person can try and just never get it , you know ? I do not think you can learn it . I can not do it . miranda look discourage . lucy ( cont@d ) I do not mean to bring you down . miranda I always think I want to be a singer , then I come hear and realize I like to sing , but it do not seem like enough . but songwriting@s so different ; I just do not know if ite worth it to try . it come so easily to some people , like James . lucy you know whate in this case ? she point to the glass case on the wall behind she , which contain tack - up papers with handwrite on they : page tear from notebook , cocktail napkin , a air - sickness bag . miranda look and shake she head no . Lucy stand up and examine the write . lucy ( cont@d ) this be all song , by my songwriter . theyre not all hit , but they@re special song . @ like a miracle , some golden word roll off of someone@s tongue . @ some of the take ten minute , some if they take year . every one of this songwriter would tell you ite worth it . you write a song like one of this , and you can not ever give up again . you know what it feel like to be special , and there@s nothing and no one that can give you that same kind of special . Lucy sit back down to get back to work . lucy ( cont@d ) that@s why I worry about you , be with James . miranda James and I decide we@d just be friend . Lucy nod . lucy it doesn@t matter how wonderful he be if hep only go to break you heart . miranda yeah , that@s what I decide . i@l1l see you tomorrow . lucy goodnight , honey . miranda leave . nick stand nearby . he watch she go . int . ROADHOUSE - night James be onstage , sing . there @s a band behind he . some people be dance down front ; Linda lue be among they . miranda enter and find Kyle sit down front . she sit with he . James see she come in and smile at she . miranda howps he do ? Kyle hesitates , then answer sincerely , kyle great . Linda lue return , flushed , from the dance floor . linda lue hey , good , you make it . come and dance . this old stick -in- the-mud ( point to Kyle ) have not dance with I once . kyle ( to miranda ) who know she be such a party girl ? miranda do you know how to do that ? she gesture toward the dance floor , where they@re do a elaborate country step . kyle sure . miranda come on and show I how . he hesitates only a moment before get up and escort miranda and Linda lue to the dance floor . int . ROADHOUSE - night miranda , Kyle and Linda lue be on the dance floor . Linda lue and Kyle be expertly perform the step . Linda lue smile flirtatiously at the guy next to she ; she seem to be in she element . miranda stand in between they , try to follow . she smack Linda lue on the arm to get she attention away from the cowboy . Linda lue do it slowly to demonstrate , then smile and nod when miranda get it right . we watch the dance for awhile - a dance floor full of people perform intricate step in rapid , perfect unison , have the time of they life . int . ROADHOUSE - night James finish a song . miranda , Kyle and Linda lue be still on the dance floor . they stand and applaud . jame o.k . thank you . we@re go to do one more for you all tonight . i@ve get a special guest singer on this number . he look straight and miranda and smile . jame ( cont@d ) her name@ miranda presley and I think you@re gonna like she . miranda just stand there , disbely . linda lue go on up , miranda . jame miranda , get on up here . miranda shake she head . the other band member lean into they microphone and chorus she name , taunting she . she smile and climb onstage . the band start the song . James take off he guitar ; he take she hand and speak into she ear . jame you know this one . miranda realize they@re play @ hook on a feeling@ . she laugh . the bassist hand she a microphone . James start to sing , then miranda come in , grin , not nervous at all once she start to sing . we have not hear the song quite like this before ; the sound could not be more country . they@re both have a good time . couple start to dance . Linda lue watch , stand still among the dancer , smile like a sentimental fool . Kyle stare at James and miranda , he expression serious , he break heart on he sleeve . the song end and the audience applaud enthusiastically . James hug miranda . ext . ROADHOUSE parking lot - night James , miranda , Linda lue , and Kyle come out into the parking lot . James hold a business card in he hand . jame ( to Kyle ) do you know this guy ? Doug Roberts ? kyle yeah . hep a good manager , be around for twenty year . he have a good reputation . jame he want to do some master demo with I . kyle that@s great . he can get you a record deal . congratulation . jame thanks . miranda congratulation . jame come here a minute . he take miranda@ hand and pull she over to he truck . he look into she eye . jame ( cont@d ) do you have the feel that no matter how conclusively we decide not to be attract to each other , force beyond we control will pull we together ? he move slowly toward miranda . miranda you think the entire universe be control by magnet , do not you ? jame yes and no . hep stand right next to she now , and shep not move away . miranda what be the question ? he kiss she . she do not resist . int . james@ bedroom - night a country love song play on the stereo . James lead miranda by one hand into the darken bedroom . miranda chatter nervously . miranda we@ve be think about move out of the motel , but we do not have any furniture , and the dog seem to like it , and they wrap the glass in cellophane , even though Lou always wash they again before she let I drink out of they . they@re stand at the foot of the bed . jame I need for you to shut up now . miranda why ? jame i@m try to picture you as earlene mandrell , and you do not sound a think like she . miranda well , lucky for I , you sound exactly like Jim nabor . jame I really need for you to shut up now . he kiss she on the neck and unbutton she shirt . she respond , undoing he belt buckle . they fall onto the bed and continue to make love . int . james@ bedroom - night later that night . James wake up and look around . he notice miranda be go , then hear music from another room . he get up . int . james@ '' kitchen - night miranda sit at the kitchen table , quietly play guitar , wear a loose denim shirt that must be james@ . her notebook be open in front of she and she write something down , then look up and see James stand in the doorway . jame maybe i@ll start stay up all night . the best thing in my life happen after dark . he pass by she , pull back she shirt to kiss she shoulder , and sit at the table . she keep play quietly . miranda Lucy tell I you break my heart . jame I guess you do not believe she . miranda maybe I just decide to risk it . jame howps you song come ? miranda I have one line . jame every song start with one line . miranda I do not know if ite any good . my dad always say I could do anything . I keep think about this song he write for I . jame do you remember it ? she nod . jame ( cont@d ) let I hear it . miranda play the song . the lyric be about a father@ unending devotion to he daughter . she stop after the first chorus . jame that@s a nice line , about fall out of the sky and landing in love . hep hesitant , like hep search for something nice to say . miranda be that the only thing you like ? jame it just . . . well , devotion be a tricky theme . of course a parent@ devote to he child . you have to have a point of ( cont@d jame ( cont@d ) view . like he want a better life for you than he have for himself . this song start at the end of the story . miranda every song do not have to be about something you can relate to . jame a good song have something to say , even to people who have not be in that situation . miranda ( hurt ) so ite not a good song , because you do not like it . jame I @m just tell you what I think . 1 @ve spend half my life write song , I know something about it . I think you be try to learn . she stand up . miranda if you have think about it , you would have realize this wasn@t a good example . she pick up she notebook and walk out of the kitchen . James look like hep realize he mistake . int . motel room - day miranda have decorate she half of the room ; there be photo of lyle lovett and jon bon jovi over she bed . miranda sit in she bed , the dog on she lap . she look terrible . she rummages through the drawer of she nightstand and pull out a cassette . she put it in the player on top of the nightstand and press play . we hear a mane voice , speak . voice and I give fish-head four gallon of ice cream for dinner , just like you say . of be that suppose to be one can of cat food ? I could not remember , and fish-head insist that she always have ice cream on Thursday . she also say to tell you she miss you , and she catch a giant spider that I think look a lot like that billy Warren kid you think be so cute . I tell she you be home soon . remember , if you get homesick , just keep you chin up . miranda hit the fast - forward button . when she hit play again , we hear she father sing , the same song she play for James . we hear the second verse this time . miranda be visibly upset . she raise she chin ; apparently she take that literally . she do not cry . she hit the stop button , she chin still in the air . she reach for she notebook and open it . ext . residential neighborhood - night kyle@ pick - up pull up outside a house . he and miranda get out . miranda how many people will be here ? kyle five or six . everyone just play something they@re work on . do not worry , no one@ go to insult you song . they@1ll only say what they like about it . miranda what if they do not say anything ? kyle there be so many thing a person can do with she life . that girl in @ flashdance® be a welder . miranda do you think they@ll notice if I play @livin® on a prayer@ ? int . nickes house - night Kyle and miranda sit in nick kitchen , with Nick and three other musician , kevin , erica , and joe . they@re sit in a circle around the small kitchen table . there @s a tape recorder on the table . everyone have a beer and one or two of the guy smoke cigarettes . erica have the only guitar in the room , and she sing a song , substitute la@ for one of the line . Kevin sing a line she might use there . erica sing it back , change a few word . CUT to : later that night . Nick have the guitar now , and he sing a song that@s uncharacteristically sober for he . it @s a apology to a woman he betrayed ; he admit that he have no excuse to hurt she . the tape recorder be on , recording nickeus performance . miranda watch he intently . CUT to : everyone@ laugh . it must be get late , because they@re get a little giddy . Joe sing a song about how break he be and they all join in the chorus CUT to : miranda take the guitar from Kyle and begin to play she song . shep a little shy about it but manage to perform pretty well . her song be not bad ; it have a nice melody , but the lyric be not especially move . all she have be the first verse . miranda I do not like that last line . erica no. keep that one . I like that line . miranda i@m not sure what it mean . nick if you write it , you@ll figure out what it mean eventually . that@s the best line in you song . miranda be not sure if she agree with they . int . laundromat - night Linda lue fold laundry while miranda sit cross -legge on to of a table , play she guitar . int . lucy@s caf '' - night after the bar have close , miranda sit at the bar , play she song for Nick . int . motel room - morning miranda sit cross -legge on she bed , she notebook open on she lap . Linda lue@ bed be neatly make . Linda lue emerge from the shower . linda lue oh good , you get in . be you come to the audition today ? miranda I do not know . I do not think my song be ready . linda lue have it change any in the last two week ? miranda yeah , but I change it back . Linda lue look at she . miranda ( cont@d ) fine. i@11 go . Linda lue smile . she sit in front of the mirror and proceed to examine every inch of she face , look for wrinkle . miranda ( cont@d ) what be you look for ? linda lue Signs of aging . miranda find any ? linda lue well , I like Barry manilow more than I use to . you know what I do not get ? miranda what ? linda lue you and James . you have one little spat and you do not call he and he do not call you . miranda I guess we both realize we mistake . linda lue I think you really like he miranda that be the mistake . miranda get under the cover . miranda ( cont@d ) wake I up for the audition . int . lucy@s caf@ - day the weekly audition be in progress . miranda and Linda lue share a table . Nick sit at the bar . Lucy sit at she usual table in back . Kyle be onstage , do a nice job with one of the song we@ve hear before . he finish triumphantly , breathes a sigh of relief , and walk back to the table . lucy miranda presley . miranda take the stage . she introduce herself quickly and sing the song she sing at nick house . shep leave in the line that the other musician like . it @s the most evocative line in the song , and it seem out of place with the rest of the lyric . luc watch miranda with a small smile on she face ; shep impressed that miranda be take this seriously . we see now that James be stand just inside the door ; he must have be there since before miranda start play . lucy Linda lue linden , go on up and show we you stuff , honey . miranda pass Linda lue on she way back . they exchange smile . Linda lue take the stage . linda lue hi there . i@m Linda lue , from Alabama . this song be call @ I go look for Jesus .@ Linda lue begin to sing ; she song be about misprint bible , and , true to she style , ite unrelentingly cute . miranda glance at Lucy to get she reaction , but be unable to read she expression . James walk over and sit next to miranda . shep surprised to see he . Kyle be not happy to see he . they speak in low voice . jame I like you song . miranda ( cold ) thanks . jame i@ve miss you . Kyle do not have any choice but to leave . he make a fist and press it firmly against the table as he get up . miranda since my phone still ain@t ringin® , I assume it still ain@t you . jame i@m sorry I do not call . I could not call you , I do not now . that night , after we make love . miranda@ eye widen ; she look around as if someone might have hear . jame ( cont@d ) well , we do . and then I be a jerk . I should have just keep my mouth shut . t@m sorry . I should have tell you then . miranda look , it wasn@t that big a deal . you@ve apologize . let forget it , o.k .? she glance over at Lucy , who glare at she to be quiet while Linda lue be sing . jame it be not just my fault , you know . miranda look at he questioningly . jame ( cont@d ) you say you be willing to risk it , but you weren@t . miranda shake she head no , agree with he . miranda i@m sorry . she mean shep still not willing . jame ( cont@d ) I should have tell you that night . Lucy appear behind they and shush he . they look at she guiltily . she leave . James reach for miranda@ hand . shep reluctant to give it to he , but he give she a plead look and gently take she hand , place it palm up in he leave hand . with he right , he spell something onto she hand with he finger . when she realize what the message be , she turn and watch he finish spelling . he look into she eye . she close she hand into a fist , turn away , and pull it under she other arm , hugging herself . she watch Linda lue finish up she song . James , recognize the impact he message have , reach across miranda to take she hand again . she let he take it in he . James smile . int . lucy@s caf@ - day Lucy announce the result of the audition . she call out kyle@ name ; he pass this time . Linda lue let out a whoop and hug he . miranda smile too . Lucy get to the end of the list . Linda lue wasn@t on it ; neither be miranda . Linda lue look disappointed . miranda take the news well . jame you should have pass . miranda shake she head . miranda I know it be not ready . I can do it better . int . lucy@s caf '' - night later that day , after the audition be over , miranda have show up for work and be tie on a apron around she waist . Lucy come in . miranda smile at she , show she shep not angry about the audition . lucy hey , I think you do real good today . miranda you@re suppose to pass the one you like . lucy you know why I buy my own place ? miranda so you could play God . lucy that@s exactly right , honey . I think you get a real good start , but I would not be do you any favor if I let you play this soon . miranda oh , I bring you something . miranda hold out a cassette . Lucy take it . lucy whaths this ? miranda if I tell you to just trust I and listen to this , will you ? Lucy shake she head . miranda ( cont@d ) it Nick , a song of he . I think you should hear it . ( smile ) it all about you . and it will not get any laugh . Lucy set the tape on the counter . miranda will not take it back ; she walk away . Lucy look at the tape . ext . playground - day miranda and Linda lue be take the dog for a walk . miranda hold a flyer advertising the miss Nashville pageant . linda lue and there@s prize , and scholarship , and the winner go to the miss Tennessee pageant . they come up to a playground . miranda I hope you will not be insulted if I tell you I already think of you as miss Nashville . what about you illustrious songwrite career ? they come up to the slide . miranda pick up the dog and carry he to the top of the slide . linda lue you have no way of know this , since you be asleep during most of my waking hour , but I have be have serious doubt about my future as a songwriter , which have be my one goal since I be eleven year old and see @ coal miner@ daughter® for the first time . miranda place the dog at the top of the slide and hold he steady , face towards the drop . the dog start to wiggle eagerly and she let he go . he slide to the bottom , where Linda lue catch he and carry he around to do it again . linda lue ( cont@d ) but lately i@ve be think about something my late grandmother tilly use to say . she would say , @llook at you breakfast . you@ve get you bacon , and you egg . now , the hen be involved in you breakfast , but that hog be commit . @ Linda lue release the dog down the slide to miranda . they continue to take turn put the dog down the slide . linda lue ( cont@®d ) lately i@ve be feel more like that hen . if I think I could really do it , that might be another story . miranda the pageant@ next week ? do you have time to get ready ? do not people train for month for this thing ? linda lue miranda , I believe it be within my ability to learn to walk in high heel , discuss ( cont@d ) linda lue ( cont@®d ) the role of the woman in today society , and tease my hair in one week . miranda if you could have one wish for today child , what would it be ? linda lue World peace . no , clean air . miranda you would not want they to be sick , or go hungry , would you ? linda lue what do I care ? TI hate kid . miranda you@re beautiful and queen-like , Lou . you@re a beauty queen . you@ve get this lock up . int . recording studio - day James be in the recording studio with a band of session musician . doug robert , the manager who give James he card at the Roadhouse , sit in the booth with the engineer . the musician be all in they thirty and forty ; most of they look like somebody@ father . they@re do one of the song we@ve hear James do before , but this version seem to lack energy . James be clearly dissatisfied with the way thing be go , but be try to be patient . he stop sing in the middle of the song and cut the band . jame we need to bring up the snare . doug ( over microphone ) they sound fine in here . jame this tempo@ all wrong . doug do not worry . it sound great . jame i@m not deaf . I can tell how it sound . from the way he say this , we know he hate the way it sound . doug we@11l just get it down once this way , 0.k. James ? jame no . that@s not the way I write it . James look determine . Doug leave the booth and come into the studio to talk some sense into James . the musician watch , uninterested . they@ve see this before . doug James , I know you feel strongly about you song . you should , ite you baby . but i@ve be do this since you be a baby . I know what a hit sound like . dough matter be soothing , condescending . jame I know what shit sound like . doug it do not sound like shit . it sound like what every country radio station be look for . I have to think in term of radio play . jame I record this the way I write it , or I do not record it at all . the musician start to take notice ; the fight be finally heating up . doug i@m already take a big risk with you . jame do not do I any favor . he start to gather up he stuff . doug go ahead . walk out . no one else will touch you . everyone know about you . James stand face to face with Doug . jame what do everyone know about I ? doug you@ve get a hell of a attitude for a pretty boy with a couple of good song . this be just part of dough act , the way he keep singer in line , but james@ anger flash . before Doug can see it come , James punch he in the eye . the musician look at each other , entertained . James walk out . int . motel room - day miranda , wear she t-shirt and boxer short with a glittery pair of high heel , pace the floor with a Bible balanced on she head . miranda I pledge allegiance , to the flag , of the United States . Linda lue call to she from the bathroom . linda lue ( o.s. ) I think ite highly unlikely i@11l be recite the pledge of allegiance . Linda lue stick she head out the bathroom door , pull roller out of she hair . linda lue much less with a Bible on my head . miranda put she arm straight out at she side and the Bible fall off she head . miranda I would think this be exactly the kind of thing you be do . I still think you should learn that tap dance to @ Dixie . '' come on out . Linda lue throw open the bathroom door and strike a pose in the doorway , one arm raise , head throw back . she wear a low - cut sequine gown and heavy make - up and have she curl hair pile on top of she head . miranda gasp . miranda ( cont@d ) oh , you look beautiful . Linda lue drop the pose and look down at herself . linda lue you think so ? be it enough ? miranda yes . it @s enough . linda lue it not too much ? miranda no . you look perfect . except . . . let I try one thing . she reach up and loosen a few strand of Linda lue@ hair so they fall around she face . miranda step back and appraise she work . miranda ( cont@d ) better . wait . miranda reach to the dress table and get a q-tip . she run the q-tip under Linda lue@ eye , remove some of the eyeliner , then do the same for the other eye . miranda ( cont@d ) what do you do , follow some kind of eyeliner diagram in the beauty queen handbook ? linda lue i@ll be on stage , I want they to see my eye . miranda they will see you eye . on the other girl , all they@ll see be eyeliner . they turn to face the mirror and look at themselves , stand side by side . Linda lue get a little emotional . linda lue you@re my best friend , you know . miranda@ emotional too , but embarrassed . she turn away from the mirror . miranda yeah , well that@s cause you@re such a sap , Lou . Linda lue smile . int . lucy@s caf '' - night it close time . lucy behind the bar , Nick be there at he usual seat . he get up to leave . nick goodnight , Lucy . lucy goodnight . nick I do not suppose you want to go out with I tomorrow night . lucy tomorrow night ? Nick nod . if hep surprised , it do not show . lucy ( cont@d ) what time ? nick eight o@clock . lucy eight o@clock . that@ll be fine . nick goodnight , then . as he turn to leave , we see a small smile on he face . ext . ernest tubb record shop - night a record store with a small outdoor stage behind it , where free @jamboree '' be hold at night . there@s a all - night miniature golf course next door , and miranda and Linda lue@ motel be just across the parking lot . it @s a warm night , and people be play golf , sit in the adjacent picnic area or on top of they car in the parking lot , listen to the music . this be a traditional country music affair ; the band be also make up of older musician , all man , and include a banjo a fiddle . miranda and Linda lue sit on top of a picnic table . to they jame hey . I get you note . he hold up a note which read @ James , jamboree ! @ arrow . miranda I never miss a jamboree . linda lue hey , James . howps you career come ? jame I punch a influential member of the record industry in the face . they do not react to the news . miranda we know . jame again . today . miranda oh . what happen ? jame i@11 tell you on the way . miranda on the way where ? jame it a surprise . James take she hand to help she down off the table . say goodbye to Linda lue . miranda this have better be better than the jamboree . jame James walk up with a miranda it be . ext . highway - night James and miranda in james@ truck , drive . miranda so when do I find out the surprise ? jame there be clue everywhere . we@re ina truck , on the highway . miranda you@re talk I somewhere . James point to a road sign . jame clue . miranda ( read ) Memphis . whaths in Memphis ? James move he lip in a elvis sneer . miranda scream . miranda ( cont@d ) graceland ? graceland ! Way cool . jame you do not know what it be to worship elvis until you@ve see he personal shit . miranda they should put that on a plaque and hand it on the gate . ( sing ) @ graceland , graceland , Memphis Tennessee . we@re go to graceland . . .® int . supermarket - night James and miranda be at the check - out stand , buy chee - tos and suzy - qe and Dr. pepper . miranda only six hour to kill . jame we@1l drive by the gate . I think you would want to see it at night . they walk out of the supermarket . James stop by the gumball machine . he put a quarter in one of the machine and turn the dial . he look at the prize , put it in he jacket pocket , and try another quarter . this time he take the prize out of the plastic bubble . he go to miranda and take the grocery store back from she . he set the bag on the ground and kneel in front of miranda . James take she leave hand and show she the prize - ite a gold color ring with a blue plastic star . miranda look around , embarrassed . the checker , two middle - age woman ( one white , one black ) , be both watch with smile on they face . miranda they think you@re propose . James do not reply . he try to put the ring on she ring finger , but it do not fit . he put it on she pinky . miranda ( cont@d ) get up . James look over at the checker . jame say yes first . miranda yes to what ? jame say yes , or i@ll look like a loser . miranda you be kind of a loser . jame ( loudly ) say yes . I can not live without you . one of the checker say , @how romantic . @ they ignore a customer try to buy a six - pack . miranda ( loudly , angrily ) yes . I say yes . be that what you want ? be you happy now ? James act overjoy ; he smile gleefully and hug miranda . jame happy ? i@m the happiest man on earth ! he look at she and smile stupidly until she finally have to drop the act and laugh . they grab the grocery and run out of the store , leave the checker bewilder . ext . graceland - night james@ truck be park across the street . James and miranda sit in the back , eat chee - tos , look at the gate . jame his aunt still life there . miranda I bet she use the tv room at night . jame I would . James look pensively at the house . jame ( cont@d ) you know what this remind I of ? he look at miranda ; she have no idea . jame ( cont@d ) when I be a kid , my dad use to take I out every weekend . told my mom we be have a boys® night out , go bowl or to the movie , or the rodeo , if there be one . then we@d go to he girlfriend house ; for a long time he be see my fifth - grade health teacher . miranda study he , look for sign of sadness at the memory and find none . jame ( cont@d ) and i@d sit in the car , we have a blue pontiac , and he@d leave I the key , and i@d listen to the radio . ( laugh ) one night , I teach myself how to drive in that car , wait for my dad . the antenna have this bend in it . . ( motion with he hand ) and no matter what I do I could not get one damn fm station in that car . so i@d sit there and listen to the country music station and stare at the house . I never could take my eye off the house . he take miranda@ hand , he eye still on graceland . jame ( cont@d ) just like all that damn cheating song . and all my life , people would tell I , @ James , you@re just like you father . @ and I never say it but I think , no i@m not . I never lie . I do not pretend to be a great guy . the high point of my father@ life be a football game in high school . no way be I go to be just like he . but now I wonder if I can help I it . miranda look confuse . jame ( cont@d ) sometimes I feel like i@m go to spend the rest of my life with everyone think I @m someone i@m not . miranda it hard to think about what you@re go to do for the rest of you life . you have to pick one thing . what if it do not work out ? James nod . jame you look stupid . you@re a failure . miranda take he chin in she hand and turn he face toward she . she kiss he . miranda I do not think you could ever be a failure . she climb out of the truck bed . she reach inside the truck and turn on the radio , tuning it to a slow song ( e.g. @ ask we to dance@ ) . she climb back up into the back and stand next to James , hold she hand out to he . he slowly get up , he eye lock with hers , and take she hand . they start to dance underneath the star , hold each other close . James pull she closer , tight against he , until they aren@t dance anymore . jame ( softly ) I @m scared . miranda so aml . the song play on as they hold on to each other . finally , James pull away until he isn@t touch miranda anymore . he take he hand and move it along she arm , from the shoulder down to she wrist , without touch she . jame do you feel that ? miranda yeah . the sky have become cloudy . there @s lightning in the distance . elvis come on the radio and it begin to sprinkle . int . supermarket - night it pour now . James and miranda con in , drench . the same two checker be there . they name be selma and mary . Mary be black . selma look , Mary , if it ain@t the newlywed . mary you two get marry already ? jame no . we could not find a all - night wedding chapel . miranda play she role low - key , convincingly bitchy . miranda well , maybe if you have any sense at all , you might have plan this a little better and we would not have get lose in the rain . ( to the cashier ) he do not have the sense he be bear with . mary ( to James ) you sure you wanna marry this one ? James smile fondly at miranda jame I know shep a handful , but i1@d die if I lose she . miranda that@s cause you forget to breathe if I do not remind you . mary well , if you@re sure , maybe I can help you . selma , you can cover I for five minute ? selma sure can . you gonna wake Raymond ? Mary get she purse from under the counter and pull on a coat and rain hat . mary i@m go to wake that man and tell he there@s two young folk here and can@t wait till morning to get marry . Mary hurry out of the supermarket . selma she@1ll be right back , she just life down the street . miranda whop Raymond ? selma raymond@ she husband . hep a minister . this be so romantic . miranda and James look at each other , amused , mildly panicked . jame cold foot , honey ? miranda I leave . . . something blue in the truck . come with I . they leave the supermarket . int . james@ truck - night they sit inside the truck , park outside the supermarket . miranda let go . jame we can not just go . we have to at least tell they we change we mind . miranda ( laugh ) we@1l have a big blow - out of a fight . i@1l pretend to shoot you in the leg . jame i@ve get another idea . she look at he . jame ( cont@d ) let get marry . she seem to consider this , then come to she sense . miranda you do not get marry as a joke . jame it not a joke . we@re in love . what the hell , let get marry . miranda you@re serious . jame we be in love , be not we ? miranda yeah . jame then why have not you ever tell I ? miranda you@re the one who have to write it on my hand . jame I love you . miranda I can not say it . jame why not ? miranda i@d be afraid to tell you how much . James seem happy with this answer . he notice something behind miranda , outside the window . Mary be back with she husband . hep a huge black man with a lumber gait . he wear a black raincoat and carry a black bible . they skinny teen - age son be with they . jame Jesus . miranda oh my god . Raymond come up to the truck and put he face against the passenger window . it @s a frightening sight . miranda cover she mouth . James reach over and turn miranda@ face towards he . jame marry I , miranda miranda o.k. yes . she look back at Raymond . miranda I do not see a alternative . int . supermarket - night the freeze food section have be select as the wedding site . Mary and selma drape pastel toilet paper over the aisle . Raymond stack some crate to use as a podium , place one behind for he to stand on . mary@s son lean against the freezer , flipping through a playboy . James be in the toiletry section , put gel in he hair . miranda come up next to he and take a toothbrush and toothpaste . miranda I have chee - tos stick in my tooth . jame you know , this be exactly how I picture my wedding . miranda yeah , mine too . except . . . oh , shit . she quickly walk away , then back to James . she take off she ring and put it in he hand . miranda ( cont@d ) the ring . see you at the altar . aisle twelve . miranda hurry away . she go to the freeze food section . Raymond have discover he son read playboy . raymond ( bellow ) Benjamin , I have tell you that pornography will guarantee you reservation in the depth of hell . he give special enunciation to the word @pornography@ . Ben seem unconcern . he put down the magazine , revealing the metallica logo on he t-shirt . Raymond hand miranda a piece of paper . raymond ( cont@d ) here@s you marriage license . can not no one tell you for certain that@s not the genuine article . miranda thank you . she take ben arm and pull he aside . miranda Ben , I need a favor . BEN ( wick smile ) you want a lesson from the master . before you honeymoon . she give he a look . miranda do you have a bon jovi tape ? BEN bon jovip for girl , man . I ain@t a girl . my sister like bon jovi . miranda do you sister have a bon jovi tape ? BEN shep get every bon jovi tape . miranda smile . int . supermarket - night it time for the ceremony . Raymond stand behind he podium , tower over James . selma and Mary stand off to the side , beam . mary Ben , where be you ? get out here and be a witness . BEN ( 0o.s. ) come there@s a click , then music come over the supermarket sound system . it @ bad Medicine . @ Ben escort miranda up the aisle until she be stand next to James , the run back and cut the music . Raymond be the ceremony . hep a fundamentalist preacher and , apparently , even he wedding ceremony be deliver with the threat of fire and brimstone . raymond ( bellow ) dearly beloved . time CUT to : later in the ceremony . sweat drip down raymond@ face as he tower over miranda and James . raymond do you , James , take this woman to be you wife , to love and treasure like gold , forsake all other , turn you back on earthly temptation , or you will surely know the fire of hell in the inferno of eternal damnation . Raymond glare down at James , point he finger . James do not think it be a question , but it seem safer to answer . jame I do . James slip the ring on she finger . Raymond draw a deep breath and pull back . raymond and do you , miranda , take James to be you husband . miranda seize the opportunity to cut this short . miranda I do . raymond then by the power vested in my by almighty God , he son , we savior , the baby Jesus and the state of Tennessee , I hereby pronounce you man . he point at James . raymond ( cont@d ) and wife . his finger swing over to miranda . Raymond wipe the sweat off he forehead . raymond ( cont@d ) you may kiss the bride . James and miranda kiss . Ben crank up @ bad medicine@® and Mary and selma throw Minute Rice . int . supermarket - night James and miranda dance . Eric clapton@ @ pretty girl@® play over the sound system . Mary dance with Raymond , and Ben reluctantly dance with selma . int . graceland - day it morning . James and miranda be inside graceland . the tour guide describe the room in a loud , rehearse voice . miranda lean against James and gaze dreamily at elvis@ stuff . miranda I have this dream that we get marry . jame we do , remember ? miranda no. I and elvis . I have my hair ina huge bee-hive . int . theater - night the theater where the beauty pageant be be hold . Linda lue be onstage , do a scene from @ coal miner@ daughter@ . someone read the other part woodenly from off-stage . Linda lue be a extremely emotional actress and several woman in the audience wipe tear from they eye at the end of she performance . int . theater - night the pageant@ nearly over . there be five girl on stage : Linda lue be one of they . miranda and James slink into the darken theater and take two empty seat next to Kyle . kyle ( whisper ) where be you two ? miranda we pick up a hitchhiker that turn out to be the ghost of elvis . have to take he to graceland . shep a finalist ? kyle she be the best one . people be cry when she do she scene . miranda so shep go to win ? kyle I do not know . I think that redhead be marry to at least one of the judge . on stage , Linda lue walk over to stand next to the host . host and now , we last finalist , Louise linden . miranda mouth the name @louise@ , amused . host ( cont@d ) you look lovely tonight , Louise . linda lue well , that@s the idea , ain@t it ? the host chuckle . host yes , it be . now , Louise , here@s you question : which do you consider more important , family or career ? linda lue by family you mean the family I plan to have . host yes . linda lue well in that case , I would say neither . my friend be more important to I than my career , whatever that may turn out to be , and my career be more important to I than a husband and a bunch of scream kid . the host clear he throat . host thank you . a very good answer . int . theater - night later . Linda lue and the redhead be the only contestant leave on stage . host and this year miss Nashville be ... tammy Sue phelps ! tammy Sue squeal . Linda lue hug she , look relieved . int . theater backstage - night Linda lue stand among a group of contestant , hold a bouquet of rose . miranda come up to she and hug she . miranda congratulation . personally , I think you should have win . linda lue I can not believe they give I runner - up after I say that about scream kid . miranda laugh . miranda you throw it ? cool . how come ? linda lue do you see my talent ? miranda no. James and I get marry . we get here late . linda lue married ? miranda sort of . i@11 tell you all about it . tell I how you scene go . linda lue I be really good . I find something I can do , miranda . I can not spend a year cut ribbon at supermarket opening . mirdana well , you@1l always be a beauty queen to I . ext . STREET - day Kyle be in he pick - up , play with the radio as he drive . he switch from station to station to station , try to keep a eye on the traffic . kyle ( to himself ) Love song , nothing but love song whose idea be love , anyway ? he pause on a station where the dee- jay be introduce a song , he hand poise over the dial . dee - jay ( v.o. ) : we@ve all be wait for , here@s the new one from wynonna . the song start ; ithus wynonna judd , sing kyle@ song . Kyle realize what it be , let out a whoop and turn up the radio . in he excitement , he also put he foot on the gas and run right into another truck . even after the accident , hep still grin and listen to the radio . he open he door but stay in he truck . the driver he hit get out , more surprised by the accident than angry . he approach Kyle , look at he curiously . Kyle beam at he . he point at the radio . kyle that@s my song . the driver do not say anything . he lean against kyle@ truck so he can hear the song , and listen appreciatively . then he call out to the people who be gather around because of the accident . driver that@s he song . hep get a song on the radio ! the on-looker move in closer sot hey can hear the radio . int . james@ bedroom - day kyle@ song continue over : James and miranda in bed . miranda@ wide awake , stare at the ceiling . James be still asleep . he stretch , waking up . miranda turn and close she eye , pretend to be asleep . James look a little surprised to find miranda in he bed ; we see the memory of the wedding come back to he . now ite he turn to stare at the ceiling . he reach over and take miranda@ hand ; the situation be serious but at least they@re in it together . she do not look at he . int . james@ bathroom - day James be alone in the bathroom . he open the medicine cabinet and have to search for he shave cream . he look down and see two tube of toothpaste rest on opposite side of the sink . he close the medicine cabinet and start at the sight of he own reflection , as if hep look at himself for the first time . int . james@ '' kitchen - day miranda look in the refrigerator , which be nearly empty . she lift the lid ona pizza box , take out a slice and take a bite . she sit down at the kitchen table and look out at the quiet street . her eye move down to she hand . she hold they in front of she and examine they , like someone else@ hand . she touch the ring James give she , which look cheap in the bright morning light . she twist it off she finger and hold it in she fist , draw she knee up to she chest . ext . music row - day James pull he truck up outside one of the house , the office for Doug Roberts @ management company . he stay inside the truck , look at the building . int jame @ kitchen - day miranda sit at the table , she notebook open in front of she , a blank page . she slide the ring back and forth on she pen . int . doug robert '' office - day Doug sit behind he desk . he have a black eye . James stand in front of he , plead he case . int . lucy@s caf@ - night the music end . miranda show up for work . Lucy look surprised to see she . lucy you@re early . miranda look at she watch . miranda I be ? lucy forty -five minute . you feel all right ? you look exhaust . miranda sit down at the bar . miranda ( matter -of -fact ) we get marry . lucy you and James ? congratulation ! miranda look at Lucy like she thing she might be joke . miranda I think you might disapprove . lucy well , honey , I get I a whole new attitude on the subject of love . she hold out she leave hand . there @s a diamond ring on she finger . miranda smile . miranda this can not be from Nick . you can not even tolerate Nick . you@re never go to forgive he for as long as you live . lucy I change my mind . miranda I try to tell you about that song . lucy I do not know why he do not just come out and tell I how he really feel . miranda maybe the same reason you do not tell he . lucy we@re have a engagement party Friday . we@d like you to sing . miranda o.k. lucy original material only . miranda oh . I do not have anything good enough lucy well , you@ve get two day . you@11l come up with something . miranda when do you turn into such a optimist ? lucy I have to admit , I @m start to believe in happy ending . look at you and James - I never do figure that boy to be the type to commit . miranda it kind of happen when he wasn@t look . lucy I do not think he do anything without look first . if he say @ I do@ , then he do . miranda smile , reassure . int . lucy@s caf '' - night later that night , miranda bring some customer they drink and head back to the bar . on she way , she run into James . miranda hey . I know you . jame can you take a break ? miranda not right now . jame you want to know what I do today ? miranda what do you do today ? jame I go to see Doug . I tell he he@d be all kind of sorry if he let I get away . that kind of line work like you would not believe . miranda smile . miranda I might . jame I leave for Austin day after tomorrow . I start recording next week . the smile leave miranda@ face . miranda Austin ? you@re aware you@re already in the country music recording capital of the world . jame I get to use my musician this time . this be everything I want . I think you be happy for I . miranda how long will you be go ? jame I do not know . a month or two . miranda you@re just take off ? Day after tomorrow . and you be not go to ask I if I want to come . James be surprised that shep upset . he look around to see if anyone be look at they . no one be . jame what be you go to do , quit you job so you can hang around and watch I record all day ? I think you want to stay here . miranda ( loudly ) the fact that we@re marry do not mean that you get to decide what I want . now a few people turn to look . jame what do it mean ? shep get progressively louder , and so be James . Lucy notice that they@re fight . jame 1 @m not even sure we be marry , so if you want out , just let I know . I can tear up the certificate . miranda do not pull this on I . you@re the one whop leave . maybe you@ve get what you want out of this . you prove to yourself that you could commit to something . well , a commitment last more than two day . they notice everyone stare at they and lower they voice . jame you think you@ve get I all figure out . miranda maybe you can only commit to one thing at a time . I guess we know what you one thing be . jame you@re the one who can not see past two month from now . I do not think you can see this marriage in a week from now . miranda I just do not think there@ll be anything to see . ( hurt ) you ask I to marry you . she twist the ring off she finger and hold it in she fist , look like she might throw it . instead she drop she fist , turn around , and walk away . James watch she for only a second before he turn and leave . int . motel room - day miranda sleep in she old bed . in the other half of the room , Linda lue be pack to leave . the dog climb in she suitcase and she pull he out and set he on the bed . it look like shep almost do . her side of the room now look like a typical tacky motel room ; no floral bedspread , no picture of Loretta Lynn . miranda open she eye . linda lue hey , you . I think you be go to sleep through my departure . miranda and miss the opportunity to see another piece of my life crumble away ? Linda lue look concerned . linda lue do you want to tell I what happen with you and James ? mirada sit up . miranda I think the marriage just wake he up . we realize he do not want to be with I for the rest of he life . the wedding thing be a big mistake . linda lue ( meaningful ) and you do not have any second thought of you own . miranda hep the one who leave I . Linda lue sit next to she on the bed . linda lue can I tell you a story ? miranda how many people die in this story ? linda lue just one . when my aunt lydia be eighteen , she be engage to marry Henry esterbrook . however , the week before the wedding , Henry elope with marianna Fine . aunt lydia be so devastate she think she@d rather be dead than be without Henry , so she decide to hang herself . miranda have it occur to you that this story be completely inappropriate for this situation ? linda lue there@s more . lydia go to the hardware store to buy a length of good strong rope , she could not have weigh less than two hundred pound , and the man that sell she that rope turn out to be she destiny . she marry he that summer . my uncle Ernie . miranda which one of they die ? linda lue my uncle Ernie be bitten by a poison centipede later that same year . he die instantly . but that be beside the point and you know it . there be someone out there for everyone , and even if you head do not know it , you heart do . miranda so she heart lead she to the hardware store . linda lue just like yours take to Memphis . remember the night I meet you ? I read you palm ? miranda yeah . but you do not read my heart line . Linda lue give she a know look . linda lue sometimes people want to be surprised . Linda lue reach for miranda@ hand . miranda let she take it . Linda lue examine it ; we get the idea she may invent the read . linda lue ( cont@®d ) see , ite the same as before . you be not one to settle for the easiest thing - I think that@®s true . a challenging relationship . . . that can be very romantic ; to I that seem like you and James , both of you so pig-head . miranda this be not help . linda lue the important thing to know be to follow you heart . do not go against what ite tell you , and do not bury anything that ain@t dead . miranda pull she hand back . miranda whop go to die now ? Linda lue smile . linda lue no one that you do not kill with you own two hand . you know , maybe next week would be a better time for I to leave . miranda no , honestly , I could not stand you or Mr. buster Dog another day . go to Hollywood and tell they who the hell you be . Linda lue hug she , then get up and close she suitcase . int . motel room - day Linda lue and the dog be go . miranda sit cross-legged on she bed , she notebook open in front of she . we hear Pam tillis passionately sing @ maybe it be memphis.@® miranda pick up a piece of paper that look like she marriage certificate . she fold it in half and cut it into a heart shape . she unfold it , and cut the heart into piece with a jag break . she position they on a page of she notebook . there@s a knock at the door . miranda open it to find Kyle stand there . ext . rede bar - night Kyle lead miranda out of the bar ; shep a little tipsy . they pass a man ina cowboy hat stand on the sidewalk , sing for tip . miranda sing along with he . kyle I do not know how productive this be miranda well , I @m have a pretty good time . let go somewhere else . wanna go to graceland ? kyle@ just try to get she into the car without incident . kyle let get you home . miranda I do not get it . kyle what . miranda this whole thing . what @s the matter with I ? kyle nothing . you be perfect . miranda no. there @s something wrong with I . nobody want I . nobody care about I . shep really get upset . Kyle wrap he arm around she , hold she like a child . kyle ( soothing ) I care . I want you . she shake she head no . he stroke she hair back off she face . kyle ( cont@d ) I care . I care about you . miranda still do not look like shep herself . miranda do you love I ? Kyle loosen he hold on she ; he have to protect himself now . kyle miranda , do not ask I that right now . miranda ( persistent ) be you in love with I ? Kyle pull away from she altogether . kyle yes . she pull he to she slowly and kiss he , passionately . he kiss she back , then break away gently and look at she , quietly angry . kyle ( cont@d ) I do not know what you@re do , but stop it now . I will not let you use I . she feel terrible ; she be use he . miranda i@m sorry . really . kyle damn it , miranda , what do you want I to do ? miranda I do not know . I want you to stay in love with I always , and I want you to get over I and be my friend forever . kyle do you think I have some kind of choice ? miranda give he a question look ; she really do not understand how he feel . kyle ( cont@d ) sometimes you hear a song on the radio , and ite just the song you want to hear right then . it @s like a gift . then ite over , and you@re just glad you hear it . you do not want they to play it again right away . you@1ll hear that song again , or another one that@s just the perfect song when you hear it . miranda and i@m like that song , the first one . klye no , you be nothing like that first one . you@re like if there be only one song in the world I could hear for the rest of my life , what song would that be . you@re that song . miranda maybe the needle@ just stick . kyle you@re the song that stay in my head all day , and I do not even mind it . you@re my favorite song . miranda for awhile , my favorite song be @ shadow dancin@® . it @s not anymore . kyle ( angry ) you know what the problem with you be ? you make it so hard for someone to care about you that once they do , there@s no turn back . it @s hot or cold , there@s no lukewarm . Kyle realize something , sadly . kyle ( cont@d ) that@s why james@1l come back miranda will not allow herself to hope for this . miranda no he won@t . it @s o.k . this kind of thing happen to I all the time . kyle miranda . what be you go to do when he come back ? miranda sit down on the curb . Kyle sit next to she . miranda i@m not go to be here . i@m go back home . this be the last thing Kyle want to hear . kyle this be you home . miranda do you know how hard it be to leave New York ? I have want to do it for year and then my father die , and I just do it , leave everything behind . I think I think I could pay he back , for give up he dream . now I know he would@ve give it up sooner or later anyway . when you think you have a dream , all it do be give you hope that you can have something good , then you find out you can never have that . maybe it be not even there to be have . kyle do not think that . you can not live you life think that . miranda Kyle , all the sign be point in the same direction . away from Nashville . away from country music . at some point , I have to pay attention . I have to start again . kyle you could do that here . you do not come here because of you father . you come here to write song . miranda say you@re go to do something and actually do it be two different thing . kyle you have they inside you . what if you go to New York and you never get they out ? miranda do not make I feel any worse . this be all I have leave . Kyle shake he head , disagreeing . kyle you still have everything that matter . she do not answer . they sit side by side , watch traffic pass by . ext . jame @ house - day it early in the morning . James come out to he truck , throw a bag in it , and get in . int . greyhound station - day miranda , carry she guitar and suitcase , busy a bus ticket . ext . highway - day we see the Greyhound travel down the highway . int . greyhound bus - day miranda sit by a window , stare out . she reach into she backpack , pull out she walkman , and put on the headphone . ext . highway - day a different highway . we see James in he truck , head out of Nashville ina different direction . int . greyhound bus - day miranda fumble through she backpack until she find what she be look for ; a bon jovi cassette . she take the tape out of its case and pop it in she walkman . she press play . we hear what she hear , but ite not bon jovi . it country music - she father sing one of he song . miranda be startle . she quickly hit stop , take out the tape to look at it . verify what it be , she put it back in she walkman and hit play . int . james@ truck - day James be drive , absently sing @ bad medicine to himself . int . greyhoud bus - day miranda stare out the window , the tape still go in she walkman . we hear whate on the tape - now ite a letter from she father . voice on tape that one be you favorite when you be two , you probably do not remember . and that conclude the musical portion of we program . I hope they@re teach you how to skin rattlesnake at that camp , i@ve be set snake trap all over the yard . I use ding - dong for bait . I expect to have about thirty - seven by the time you come home . so do not worry about I , I @m do fine without you . i@1l miss you now , and you can miss I when you get home . that way i@ll be there . Chin up . that@s the end of the tape . miranda listen to the silence . she raise she chin , then lower it and give into she tear . int . james@ truck - day James have pick up a hitchhiker , and old man who listen passively while James ramble on . jame think she know everything about I . probably think I decide to leave because of she , like the world revolve around she . . . she think she have I with that marriage thing . . . I might have better thing to do with the rest of my life he trail off . hitchhiker like what ? James look at the old man , startle . EST . truck stop - day the Greyhound be stop at the truck stop . miranda get off . she put on she sunglass and look around . ext . highway - day James pull over and let the hitchhiker out at a gas station . the old man wave as the truck pull back onto the highway . James drive in the same direction as before for about ten second , then pull a U -turn and head back toward Nashville . int . truck stop coffee shop - day miranda sit in a booth in the coffee shop , look out the window as she bus pull away . int . james@ bedroom - day James go through a dresser , open and close drawer . they@re all empty . he go into the kitchen and find a house key on the table . int . coffee shop - day miranda have fall asleep on the table . the waitress come by and touch she arm . miranda raise she head and squint at she . waitress you@ve be asleep for a hour . it@ve be watch you stuff , but my shifthus over now . miranda thanks . the waitress fill she coffee cup . miranda look down at the table . her notebook be open ; the page be fill with word . she look at they , as if for the first time . she do not seem sure if she like what she see . int . lucy@s caf@ - night James come into the caf@ and find Lucy and nick engagement party in progress . a singer onstage dedicate a song to the happy couple , who sit ata table near the back . James look around for miranda and , not see she , go over to Lucy and Nick . jame be miranda here ? lucy no , honey , I @m sorry . Lucy do not want to have to tell he lucy she tell I she be go back to New York . this be a blow , but James still have hope . jame ( urgent ) when ? lucy she leave this morning . James deflate , he hope go . lucy ( cont@d ) honey , why do not you sit down . i@ll get you some champagne . James shake he head . jame beer . Lucy nod and get up . James sit down next to Nick . jame ( cont@d ) congratulation . nick thank you . jame you want some advice from a old marry man ? do not leave she . nick the important thing be you come back for she . no matter what happen , you do the right thing . James find this little consolation . int . lucy@s caf@ - night later that night . Kyle be onstage , perform a love song for Lucy and Nick . James have move to the bar ; he face away from the stage . miranda walk in , carry she guitar . she find Lucy and go to she . Lucy be happy to see she . they have a brief conversation , which we do not hear because Kyle be sing . we now that Lucy tell she James be here , because miranda look over to where he sit . she look apprehensive , then take a deep breath and regains she resolve . Kyle finish he song . Lucy come onstage and speak into the microphone . lucy Kyle davidson . thank you , Kyle . everyone applaud as Kyle climb off the stage . he see miranda wait to go on and grin , surprised and glad that shep back . he hug she and we see from the look on he face that he know hep really lose she now . the applause die down . lucy now , this next performer be kind of special to I , and I @m real glad she could make it here tonight . here she be , miranda presley . James turn around . miranda sit on the stool and position the stand so that she can read the page she tore from she notebook . she look nervous , but determine . she doesn@t look at James . miranda begin to play . she begin to sing the lyric , look down and read they . the song shep write be beautiful , and express a personal journey . shep realize that she have to accept she painful emotion before she can experience joy . the song hardly resemble the one she audition with earlier , but the one line she say she do not understand be still there , and fit perfectly in the new version of the song . the audience recognize the beauty of this song . most just enjoy it , but we see pride on the face of Nick , Lucy , and Kyle . James look like someone who@d fall in love all over again . miranda realize that everyone be listen to what she have to say , and she love it . she look at James , let he know the man she love in the song be he . she finish the song , and there@s a pause before everyone applaud . james@ seat be now empty . she smile triumphantly and get off the stage . shep look for James but she doesn@t see he . people be congratulate she , but shep start to worry . suddenly , someone take she hand . she look next to she and see James . miranda ( relieved ) I think you have leave . jame I do , but I come back . I think you have leave . miranda I do , but I come back . she notice something in she hand . miranda ( cont@d ) what @s this ? she look ; ite a thin silver wedding ring . jame I figure out the best thing to do with the rest of my life . she hold the ring out to he . confused , he take it back . she present he she leave hand , and he slip it on she finger . they kiss . when they break apart , James notice something behind miranda . he put he hand on she shoulder and turn she around to look . Lucy open up the case where she keep original copy of special song , and pin miranda@ song up next to they . miranda watch , smile . the end