seventh victim the seventh victim screen play by Charles o'neal and dewitt bodeen the rko title and credit be superimposed over a tall stain glass window as show from the inside of a building . there be two maidenly figure work into the stain glass window : one , older and slightly taller , dress in van color garment , lead by the hand a young and smaller girl , dress in a simple flow , white robe . through the lighter color piece of glass in the window the branch of a tree can be see stir in a light wind . the last credit fade from the screen . int . stairway - highcliffe academy - day the camera hold on the stain glass window . beneath the paint figure be a scroll , and on the scroll , a part of the stain glass window , be a inscription : I runne to death and death meet I as fast , and all my pleasure be like yesterday . - John donne , Holy Sonnets VI . as the camera continue to hold , the jumble sound of classroom recitation can be hear . girl voice ( o.s. from classroom above camera level ) amo , arias , amat , amamus , amatis , amant . second girl voice ( o.s. from classroom below camera level ) one time nine be nine . two time nine be eighteen . Three time nine be twenty - seven . four time nine be thirty - six third girl voice ( o.s. from classroom above camera level , sing ) do , no , mis , pa , sol , la , it , do . this classroom sound , although they can be hear clearly , should not disturb the serenity of the stairway or of the paint figure on which the camera be levele . suddenly , from overhead , a go ring with a harsh , jarring noise . Doors be hear open , foot scuffling over the floor and the light , high sound of girl ' voice chatter . a moment later a cascade of uniform schoolgirls of all age pour down the stair past the camera . against this tide one single girl make she way . the camera pan with she up the remainder of the short flight of stair and across the hallway to a door mark , principal . the girl knock and from inside a over— culture woman 's voice be hear in response , mrs . lowood' voice come in , please . close shot - Mary Gibson at the door . she hesitates before open it . she be young and she youth give she prettiness , but something in the quiet serenity of she face and the clear candor of the eye show the innate niceness of the girl ; a quality of character which will give she real beauty as she grow older . at the moment she be somewhat perplex by she unexpected summon by the head mistress . mo . close shot of Mary as she open the door and look expectantly toward the desk . no one be there . mrs . lowuod' voice here we be , Mary . mo . long shot as Mary walk into the room . it be a large room and every effort have be make to invest it with authority . a large Sheraton desk with side trays stand at one end . on the wall behind this desk hang a gloomy , dour visage portrait of the founder of the school . the wall opposite the door be pierce by a large window . there be several bookcase with dull - look volume ; book of reference and encyclopedia . on top of one of this case be the white , plaster head of Athena . the wall be cover with enormous frame , sepia-tinted print of the acropolis , the colosseum , trajan 's column and other celebrate ruin . Mrs. lowood , the principal , a solidly build lady with iron gray hair and she assistant , miss gilcrist , a slim , frail lady of indeterminate age , be at a small table at the end of the room . they be cut out paper heart . as Mary come up to they , Mrs. lowood finish cut out a paper heart and lay down the scissors with a air of satisfaction . with Mary close behind she , she start toward the desk . miss gilcrist follow . the camera pan with they as they cross the room . mrs . lowood I have a most painful matter to discuss with you , Mary . Mary look concerned . Mrs. lowood have reach she desk , while Mary stand wonder what might come next . Mrs. lowood deliberately seat herself and put she fingertip together firmly . over this gothic arch she speak to Mary . miss gilcrist take she accustom place beside she . mrs . lowood you sister - - have you hear from she lately ? mary no , Mrs. lowood , she do not write often . mrs . lowood have you any other relative , Mary ? Mary shake she head . mary no. jacqueline bring I up . ( smile ) somehow I never feel I need other relative . Mrs. lowood nod . mrs . lowood that make it all the more difficult —— mary ( a little alarmed ) difficult ? have anything happen to jacqueline ? mrs . lowood we do not know , Mary . we have be unable to get in touch with you sister . mary ( relieved ) sometimes she can be quite careless . why do not you try Mrs. redi ? mrs . lowood I have write repeatedly to Mrs. redi . she vouchsafe no information whatsoever . ( pause ) it be six month since you tuition have be pay , Mary . naturally , it be impossible for you to stay on here as a pay pupil . mary ( in a small voice ) of course . mrs lowood miss gilcrist and I have talk it over . you can remain here and work with the young child as a sort of assistant teacher . this Valentine cut-out for instance —- ( hold one up ) -- it 's something you could do . she start to get up as if everything be decide . mary but , Mrs. lowood , I can not just stay here not know what 's happen to my sister . maybe if I go to New York -- if I see Mrs. redi myself -- mrs . lowood I doubt if you will get anything out of that woman . but if ( shrugging ) you would like to try , I will advance you the money to make the trip to New York . of course , my dear , if you do not find you sister , you can always come back here . nary ( catch the note of high minded dismissal ) thank you . she turn and start for the door . miss gilcrist go with she . int . hallway outside mrs . lowood be office - day Mary come out of Mrs. lowood 's office , closely follow by miss gilcrist , who close the door softly behind she . miss gilcrist Mary , do not come back . no matter if you never find you sister -' no matter what happen to you -- do not come back . Mary look at she in surprise . miss gilcrist ( in a kindly , more explanatory tone ) my parent die when I be a pupil . I leave , as you be leave , but I do not have courage -- one must have courage to really live in the world -- I come back . the two stand look at each other for a moment , while Mary realize what she future may be -- what miss gilcrist be -- then suddenly the ringing note of Mrs. lowood 's voice come from the other side of the door . mrs . lowood' voice gilcrist ! miss gilcrist start , turn automatically to open the door , then look back at Mary . with a fond glance , she pat she arm before open the door and go on into Mrs. lowood 's office . dissolve int . stairway - highcliffe academy - late afternoon the stain glass window . the rain pour against the glass , and the bough of the tree beat back and forth . Mary come down the stair dress in plain travel clothes . she carry she bag in one hand . she hear the familiar sound of daily classroom recitation . french student's voice je cherche tu cherch ell cherahe nous cherohon vous cherchez elba cherohent the french lesson die away and we hear Mrs. lowood 's voice . mrs . lowood' voice agnes --- ! John quincy Adams do not follow John Adams as President . Mary smile . in the distance some young girl 's finger falter awkwardly over the melancholy chord of traumerei . Mary reach the bottom of the stairway and pass the big , fume oak grandfather 's clock which stand with majestic infinity of time , remind all tardy student that it be later than they know . as she pass it , it ring the hour . she look at its friendly , familiar face , and give it a little pat of farewell . o.s. we hear a sweeping girl 's voice recite the final verse of " the chamber nautilus . " girl voice build thee more stately mansion , 0 my soul , as the swift season roll ; leave thy low-vaulted past ! let each new temple , nobler than the last shut thee from heaven with a dome more vast , till thou at length art free , leave thin outgrown shell by life 's unrest sea ; ; with this burst of poetic encouragement , Mary cross the hallway , open the door and pass out of highcliffe Academy , close the door behind she . fade out fade in int . factory - LA jeunesse cosmetic company - day mo . closeup of a column of white powder fall from a oscillate sifter . the powder fall into a large barrel , but the column of powder and its attendant dust hide from view the three figure behind it . we hear the throaty voice of Mrs. redi. mrs . redi be voice that 's enough . there be a click as the apparatus be turn off . the powder stop fall . Three people be disclose . Mary , still in she travel suit ; Mrs. redi , a neat , businesslike woman , with firm feature and a steady eye . her hair be extremely well coif . not a strand be out of place . her clothes be cover by a long , white surgeon ' 's coat of immaculate linen . the third person be a workman , dress in a white smock and wear a long , snout , inhalator mask , which he remove , revealing a benign and smile face . Mrs. redi rub a bit of the powder on the palm of she hand . she examine it critically . mrs . redi ( to Joseph ) it seem all right , Joseph . ( turn to Mary with a strain smile ) you see , we do keep up the quality of La jeunesse product in spite of jacqueline 's absence . she and Mary start down the line of machine toward a funnel and tube arrangement set up for fill bottle . the camera dollys with they . mary ( as they go , evidently resume a previous discussion ) but you must know someone who have see or hear of my sister . mrs . redi ( coldly ) I be afraid not . they reach the bottle - fill apparatus . Mrs. redi lift one of the bottle and hold it up to the light . mrs . redi you sister have many friend -- but they be not my friend . I be only the manager of she plant . she set down the bottle and they move on . the camera goe with they . Mary , embarrassed , look at she . they have reach a machine which pour luke - warm cleanse cream into great jar . as one of the jar slide out from the machine , Mrs. redi pick it up , rub a bit of cream from the top of the jar onto the back of she hand , and judge the rapidity with which the cream dissolves at body temperature . evidently it meet with she approval , for she pass on and go toward she office . Mary go with she . at the door they stop a moment . mary Mrs. redi , there 's one thing —-with jacqueline go , how do you carry on the business ? what do you do with the receipt ? how do you sign check --? mrs . redi ( smile ) Mary , I be amaze . do not jacqueline tell you ? she sell the business to I at least eight month ago . it 's my business now . mary I do not know . mrs . redi ( still smile ) yes —— and I must say I have do very well with it -- perhaps even better than jacqueline . they move on toward Mrs. redi 's office . int . salon - LA jeunesse - day . 8 Mary and Mrs. redi come into the salon . beauty operator be at work on patron in several of the booth . the modernistic glass wall , some pattern with stripe , the mirror , and the gleam gadget make of this ordinary room a rather fantastic and distort place . mary there 's nothing you can think of -- old letter , anything , that might give I some hint as to where I might find jacqueline ? mrs . redi leave I you address , and if I find anything , I will get in touch with you . mary I be stop at the chatsworth . mrs . redi ( with a air of dismissal ) thank you , my dear . Mrs. redi put she hand on the knob of the door mark " office . " Mary start off . int . salon '' LA jeunesse cosmetics , inc . - day Mary pass through the salon . as she pass one booth , a young woman in the white smock of a operator come out . this be france , a tense , nervous young woman , with bleach blond hair and excited , nervous eye .. france ( with great friendliness ) why , Mary -- mary hello , france . france how 's miss jacqueline ? mary I do not know . that 's why I come to see Mrs. redi . I be try to find she . france you mean miss jacqueline 's go , and you do not know where she be ? Mary nod . france beckon to Mary , and they pass through a side door into a corridor that connect the plant with the street . int . corridor - LA jeunesse cosmetics , inc . - day it be a narrow , gloomy passage . the two girl come into it from the side door . france fish a package of cigarettes from she pocket , take one , light it as she speak . france I do not get this . miss jacqueline be always so fond of you -- she be always talk about you -' have you picture in she office . mary I know . for the first time I be beginning to be frighten . I almost feel as if I would never know my sister . france nothing 's happen to she . it 's just that I can not understand she not get in touch with you . mary I can not understand it at all . france well , do not worry . I see miss jacqueline only a week ago . I see she at a little restaurant the boy friend take I to -- a italian place down in the Village —- " the Dante . " mary " the Dante ? " france it 's on peary Street . just ask the people who run it . they will remember she . ( with reminiscent pride ) people who see miss jacqueline never forget she . mary I will try there . she start to return to the salon , but france indicate to she there be a short cut to the street by mean of the long hallway . the two girl smile at each other . france turn back into the salon and Mary start down the corridor . ext display window & side entrance - LA jeunesse cosmetics , inc .- day Mary come out of the side entrance and pass the display window . she look up for a moment at the word " La jeunesse " and at the peculiar trade - mark of the company . it be on this peculiar trade—mark , a geometric figure , that the scene dissolves ext . STREET corner - peary STREET - greenwich village it be after three o'clock , and the street be alive with child . a covey of they flash past on roller skate , tail by one poor urchin with only one skate , who strive desperately to keep up with the tail end of the procession . Mary , come around the corner , have to draw back half a step to get out of he way . a horse_drawn laundry truck stand at the curb on the opposite side of the street , and a man be busily lift down bundle of soile wash . on the other side of the street be the Dante . it be a italian restaurant , a half - flight below the street level . the name and the word " Restaurant " be write on the glass in gold letter . in the lower leave hand corner of the window be a cardboard sign , hand - lettere to read " room for Rent " . above the doorway be a poly - chrome bust of Dante . Mary cross the street to enter the Dante . a young man , Jason hoag , come around the corner . he be a man about thirty - five year old , and rather poorly dress in a ordinary business suit and trench coat under one arm he carry a load of book . he stop and look at Mary with interest . she continue on , go down the step , under the Dante statue , and into the restaurant . Jason look after she . int dine room - dante restaurant - day this be a fairly good -size room , with bench along the wall and many small table . along one wall be a crudely paint mural , a reproduction of the famous painting which show Dante 's first meeting with beatrice . Dante be pass along the cobble street , and beatrice , with two companion , large , flourishing wench , be casting he a coy look over she shoulder in pass . directly under the foot of the poet be a small table for one patron . on a back counter stand a enormous , shine metal coffee machine . this be a patent contraption for make coffee . the entire machine be contrive to serve only one small purpose ——to make a cup of coffee by drive steam through ground coffee . near this machine and flanking the door into the kitchen be fake palm in wooden tub . there be a door lead to the house hallway , and through this door we can see the newel post of the stairway lead to the room above . on most of the table , platter of antipasto have be arrange in readiness for the dinner hour . when Mary enter , the restaurant be empty , but echoe to the sound of a rich female voice sing with great sentimental emphasis the word of " Care mio Ben . " Mary look around , hesitates a moment , and then start toward the back of the restaurant , as if follow the source of the sing . at the swinging door which separate the restaurant from the kitchen Mary hesitates a moment , then knock timidly . the sing continue , and realize that she knock will not be hear above it , Mary shyly push open the door . int . kitchen - dante restaurant - day this be a cluttere , busy , steaming kitchen . in one corner at a little table Mr. romari , the proprietor , in a waiter 's uniform , be busily fold napkin . Mrs. romari herself from whose bosom come the sound of " caro mio Ben , " can be see through a cloud of steam behind a boil , kettle of spaghetti . she be a tall , gracious italian of sentiment and humor . her pet pigeon in close attendance at she foot . this bird follow she wherever she go , hopping about the floor at she heel . as Mrs. romari want to lift a kettle of spaghetti from the stove and carry it to a center table , she softly kick the pigeon out on she way with a practice backward sweep of she slipper foot . her turn bring she face to face with Mary as she enter . both the romaris look at she questioningly . mary I be worry to bother you . I want to ask you about my sister . romari ( get up ) yes ? mary I think you might know she . she be see here about a week ago . her name be jacqueline Gibson . romari ( shrugging ) I do not know no Gibson . this be a restaurant . many people come here . mary she 's very beautiful . romari shrug again . mary ( cont 'd ) I wish I could tell you what she look like -- I know you would remember she , she be tall -- with dark hair -- romari shrug . this all mean nothing to he . mary once you would see my sister you would never forget she . mrs . romari ( interrupt ; to romari ) giacomo -- la bellisslina madonna —- romari maybe . mrs . romari ( to Mary ) let I look at you -- you could be she sister mary ( smile ) yes —— yes , if she make that much impression on you , I be sure it be jacqueline . mrs . romari she 's not be here for a long time . mary but she be here ? mrs . romari oh yes , yes . one day a beautiful car come here . this beautiful lady in fur get out . there be a handsome man with she , and the chauffeur the lady rent one of we upstairs room . the chauffeur change the lock on the door . then the lady never come back -- not to live , anyhow . she come back three , four time , but always alone and just to eat . Mary shake she head in puzzlement . mary you mean she just come here , rent the room , lock it , and leave ? mrs . romari yes -- and pay the rent every month . mary could you let I see that room ? if it be hers , there might be something there to help I find my sister . romari ( shaking he head ) no -- the rent in pay . the lady ask we to promise , I would not open the door . mary please . romari shake he head . mary ( cont 'd ) ( turn to Mrs. romari , plead ) it 's important Mrs. romari look at she kindly . dissolve int . upper hallway - daute - day Mary and the romaris . it be a bleak hallway with a narrow strip of wear carpet run down the exact middle of the floor space . a picture of St. Francis of assisi , surround by flutter white bird , hang on the wall , a little bit askew . Mrs. romari and Mary stand near the stairway railing , with the pigeon in close attendance on Mrs. romari . romari , with a toolbox at he foot , be at the door , on which be the number " 7 " . he have take off the bottom hinge and be now strike a last few blow to remove the pin from the top hinge . as he work , a girl -- mimi -- cross in the background from one hallway door to another . she be a tall , thin blonde and be wear a fade bathrobe . she have a handkerchief over she lip , and be cough dismally . she close the door behind she . romari fo come it pare . to desiderare sempre di vedere che cosa c'era in quella stanza . mary ( turn to Mrs. romari ) what do he say ? mrs . romari ( translate ) he say he always want to see the inside of that room anyway . the top hinge come off . Mr. romari open the door , and the three press forward . int . jacqueline's room - day the camera be shoot over the shoulder and past the half lose profile of Mary and the romaris , as they look into the room . it be a room that be empty except for two object . from a pipe overhead be suspend a hangman 's noose and beneath it stand a little gilt chair . there be nothing else . dissolve int . dine room - dante - day mo . shot of Jason hoag . he be stand shyly beside the coffee machine while Mr. romari draw a cup of the coffee . Jason watch romari while he pull the various lever , release the cloud of steam and finally pull out the little demi—tass and put it on a little tray . while Jason watch , he listen to conversation go on nearby . policeman' voice I tell you , young lady , when a thing like this come up , you have get to go to the police . what do you think people pay tax for ? I be not just to keep we chase after crook and regulate traffic . we be suppose to help everybody . you gotto go to the police about you sister , miss . romari start out of scene with the little cup of coffee . the camera pan with he as he bring the coffee to Mary who be seat with Mrs. romari at one of the table under the mural . a policeman stand beside they . the policeman be in a heavy blue sweater , with he coat over he arm , he uniform cap on the back of he belt and all the metal weight of he impedimenta can be see hang from he belt , handcuffs , revolver , billy , etc . Jason come hesitantly into the scene . he address the policeman . jason I have have some experience with the Bureau of miss person policeman yeah -- well , Mr. hoag , lose person be the concern of the miss person Bureau . romari you be a poet , Jason . you stick to you poetry . jason in a way that make everything my business . mary ( a little hesitantly to Jason ) be you go to make a suggestion ? jason yes . I be go to tell you to look into you own heart -- do you really want to find you sister ? Mary look affront . Mrs. romari burst out laugh in rich good humor . mrs . romari ah , my Jason -- always laugh -- always try to help other . ( to Mary ) he 's a good boy , miss -- he just talk that way . jason ( with a little smile to Mary ) I be a good boy , but no one listen to what I say . policeman you do what I tell you , young lady , and go to the miss person Bureau for you sister . mary ( turn from Jason to the policeman and start to rise ) if you will give I the address . int . bureau of missing person - day full shot . a long counter divide the room in half . on one side be the filing cabinet , record , and office equipment use by the policeman who service this heartbreak house . behind the desk , protect by steel wicket , sit half a dozen policeman take down date . camera dolly slowly forward parallel to the counter . as it move along , we hear the voice of the petitioner describe they love one . the same flat , unemotional professional voice seem to ask the routine question at each of the different wicket . first voice ( a man ) she be only sixteen -- first policeman' voice have she ever run away before ? second policeman' voice what do he have on when last see ? second voice ( a woman ) ( tearfully ) he go out without he hat or he coat . it 's very cold for such a old man -' third policeman' voice any identify mark or characteristic , scar , amputation , tattoo mark , speech impediment ? third voice ( a man ) no , none . camera dolly up to the last wicket where Mary stand . policeman' voice any further detail ? mary she sell she business about eight month ago to Mrs. esther redi . policeman what relation be you to the miss person ? mary sister . policeman sign here . Mary start to sign . reverse angle - on the other side of the wicket . two man stand in the f.g. , but not together . in the b.g. we see Mary 's back as she sign the police report . the man in the center be Paul radeau , a big man with iron-gray hair . he appear entirely oblivious of everything around he . the second man be Irving August , a skip-trace artist . his derby be dull by the mist of many winter , and he dark eye be fastened upon Mary . it be obvious that he have be listen as she make out she report . Mary finish signing the report and turn away from the wicket . she take scarcely more than a single step when she find herself confront by Irving August , who smile at she . august I be Irving August , private investigator . I think I can help you . here 's my card . he produce a business card which he hand to Mary . Mary take the card and glance at it as August continue . august the name may not mean anything to you , young lady , but say the word and I will have you sister for you in forty - eight hour . mary ( impressed ) you can ? august ( gesture expansively ) look , sister ' , Manhattan be only nine mile long and four and one half mile wide . I be not never be off it . I know it like you know you own back yard . you get I a small retainer -- say fifty buck , and I will get you sister for you . I guarantee mary I have not any money but I will get a job and -- Irving August 's enthusiasm vanish . august Lady , this kind of work cost money . I get to cover all the hospital , the morgue -- that 's the first place you get to go and it be not pleasant -- the morgue -' he finish he speech by shaking he head . Mary turn away and go out of scene . August be stand , stare disgustedly after she when a hand touch he on the shoulder and he turn to face Paul radeau . radeau you know who I be , August ? august ( suddenly tense and cautious ) sure I do . radeau then you know that if I give you a little advice , it will be good advice . august yeah —- sure . radeau that girl be look for jacqueline Gibson . I would forget it if I be you . august okay , Mr. radeau , it 's forget . radeau nod appreciatively and go ponderously away . Irving August watch he go , he eye sharp with avarice and suspicion . with quick step , August cross to the wicket where Mary have give she report . august hey , Danny , get I the file on jacqueline Gibson , will you ? the policeman turn to the file . dissolve in ext . bellevue hospital mohmje - day the bulwark and gangplank be in the f.g . the street and wharf at river level . Beyond that there be the sidewalk and the two door lead into the morgue . the river be not see , although the sound of tugboat and barge whistle come o.s. the street and sidewalk be wet , as if a drizzle rain have recently fall , one of this door be open and from it come a procession of dock worker carry cheap pine coffin . the other door be close , above both door be print the word : new york CITY morgue over the door from which the pine box be be take be another legend carve into the stone : he calleth all he child by there name . out of the second door Mary emerge . her face be white and draw . with a shudder she wrap she coat about she and start walk , brace herself against the fresh , cold gust of wind blow from the river . a barge whistle sound o.s. dismally . dissolve int reception room - fortescue , holloway & ward - day mo . shot Mary Gibson and miss summer , the receptionist , miss summer wear horn—rimmed glass and a oriijp white shirtwaist . in front of she be a plaque with the inscription : fortescue , holloway & ward admiralty lawyer miss summer be read question from a form reception pad and fill out the answer . miss summer whom do you wish to see ? mary Mr. Gregory Ward , please . miss summer and what be it about , miss Gibson ? mary ( she voice almost a whisper ) a personal matter —— I be give Mr. Ward 's name -- miss summer May I ask who give you he name ? Mary think a moment , and as she think all the horror of she trip to the morgue and what she have see be reflect in she face and voice . mary the morgue —— miss summer look up at she in surprise , but already Mary be beginning to faint . as she crumple , we Iris out . int . gregory ward private office - day Iris in on a closeup of Mary 's face as see through a glass of water which she be sip , Gregory Ward be hold the glass and over the shot we hear he voice . gregory's voice do you feel all right ? camera pull back to include Gregory Ward seat beside Mary , who be recline on a couch in he office . he be a man in he middle thirty , handsome and well—dressed in a quietly , professional way . he take the glass away from Mary 's lip and pass it to miss summer who be beside he . mary I feel like a idiot —— fainting in a stranger 's office . miss summer , with a considerate look to see that Mary be all right , start out of the room with the glass of water . gregory ( smile ) we be not exactly stranger , Mary . jacqueline speak about you often . I suppose she tell you about I , mary no ... at the morgue they tell I a Mr. Gregory Ward have make inquiry about jacqueline . gregory the morgue ? no wonder you faint . ( he pause ) I wish you have come to I first . mary then you know where jacqueline be ? gregory ( shake he head negatively ) but I would give a great deal to know . mary ( spunkily ) why ? gregory ( smile ) I love you sister , Mary . I love she very much . there be a little silence while Mary look at he steadily , then she half smile . he lean over and pat she hand . gregory it 's easy to understand now , be not it ? Mary nod . gregory ( speak in a low voice , almost as if to himself ) a man would look anywhere for she , Mary . there be something exciting and unforgettable about she -' something you never get hold of —- something that keep a man follow after she . mary because I love jacqueline I think I know she . today I find out such strange thing umfrighten thing . I see a hangman 's noose that she have hang -' wait —— I feel as if I would never know she . gregory ( smile ) at least I can explain that , Mary . you sister have a feel about life —— that it be not worth live unless one could end it . I help she get that room . mary be not you afraid ? gregory afraid she might commit suicide ? ( he shake he head ) people who commit suicide do not talk about it . that room make she happy in some strange way I could not understand . she live in a world of she own fancy . she do not always tell the truth . in fact -' I be afraid she do not know what the truth be . ( he pause for a moment , and look at Mary ) there be many thing about jacqueline I do not understand , and yet , without understanding , I have to be with she —— to see she —— to touch she —— in order to be happy . it 's hard to explain to a youngster . mary ( a little sharply ) I be not a youngster . I can understand . he look at she . gregory the color return to you cheek . you look as if you be come back to life . be you sure you do not faint because you be hungry ? Mary look astonished , and then laugh to herself . mary you know ... I do not have lunch . he look at he wristwatch , and chuckle . gregory it 's nearly six . time for dinner , I would say . he extend he hand to she to help she up . she take it . dissolve ext chatsworth HOTEL for women - night dolly shot of Mary and Gregory Ward as they come up along the street in front of the hotel . there be a very heavy mist and Ward carry a umbrella . mary thank you . it be a lovely dinner . gregory good . mary ( thoughtfully ) but I reel guilty . it do not seem right for I to enjoy myself with jacqueline go . Gregory look at she . gregory you can not make it you life 's work look for jacqueline . ( with a smile ) ) you will have to do other thing ... live ... get some enjoyment out of life . I hope you will let I help you . mary ( smile ) thank you .. .goodnight . gregory goodnight , Mary . he tip he hat and turn away , as she start in to the hotel . tnt lobby chatsworth HOTEL - night it be a conventional hotel lobby . Mary come in , and as she cross the lobby , flrving August rise from a straight back chair set against a pillar , and come to meet she . august I have be waitin ' for you miss Gibson . I want you to know I have decide to take you case . mary Mr. August , I be not at all sure - august ( interrupt ) look . do not say a word . I have take a interest in you and I be willin ' to put up my time to help you . besides , I think I know where to find you sister . mary where ? august wait a minute . this have get a lot of angle . you have get to take it easy . do you know a Mrs. redi ? mary yes . she buy my sister 's business . august that 's what she tell you . I look it up at the Hall of record . you sister deed she the business as a outright girt . mary why would Mrs. redi lie to I ? august that 's what I try to find out . I go to La jeunesse —— ( he mispronounce as badly as he can ) -- use a phony health inspector 's badge —— they let I go through the work -- all but one room . that room be lock . I would like to see the inside of that room . mary you think my sister be there ? august you can not tell . mary can we go there now ? august sister , you can not just go break into place . there 's a night watchman down there and lock on the door . mary if my sister 's in that room , it will not make any difference about warrant - and thing , I want to go there . august ( thoughtfully ) I do not know if I want to go with you or not . Mary start out and , a little reluctantly , August follow she . ext . STREET near LA jeunesse - night Mary and August come across though street and look in the window of the cosmetic company . only the night light be burn in the salon . August try the door rather perfunctorily . he shake he head , and with Mary , move on to the side door lead into the passageway . from he pocket he take a bunch of key and try one after another . finally one key work and the door swing open . Mary stop in ahead of August . int . passageway LA jeunesse - night two shot of Mary and August . August softly close the door behind he . the street light shine through the glass upper ha - if of the door and invade the dark hallway for a short distance . they walk softly forward to the place where this light end abruptly in the darkness . here Mary pause . August look at she . august I do not like this . mary which room be it ? august it 's the last door at the end of this hall . Mary start forward a step or two , the shadow close around she until only she face be still in the light . August follow she . she stop and look off into the darkness . august you scared ? mary yes . august let 's get out of here . mary no . they stand a moment in silence . mary you could go on , Mr. August . you could open the door . I would stay right here . August shake he head . mary it 's only a little way , Mr. August . august I would like to get out of here . mary no . they stand again silently look down the dark corridor . august we can not stand here all night . mary you could go and open the door . august listen —— realizing the futility of argument , he break off what he be go to say , shrug , and start down the dark passage . Mary watch he and retreat a stop or two toward the street in order to have the comforting light around she again . she stand there while August 's footstep recede in the darkness . ext . entrance of the salon - night a night watchman , a old man wear a wear corduroy norfolk jacket and a batter hat , with he time clock hang from a broad strap around he neck , come out of a neighbor store , a flower shop . he carefully close the door behind he and go to the entrance of La jeunesse . from a key ring hang from the leather clock strap he select one key and begin to open the door . int . passageway - night Mary still stand in the patch of light near the doorway . abreast of she be the doorway lead from the hall to the salon . through the glass upper half of the door , she see a gleam of light in the other room and tiptoe up to the door and look out . ext . salon LA jeunesse - night from Mary 's angle , shoot through the window , can be soon the night watchman , the beam of he flashlight coursing ahead of he as he make he way to a time clock . Ho ring in he clock . mo . close shot '' Mary , nervous and apprehensive , look through at the night watchman . she make a decision and start off along the hallway to warn August . she disappear in the blackness of the unlit portion of the hallway . reverse shot . at the far end of the hallway the illuminate square of the street door can be see , and the little patch of light near it nearer the camera a broad streak of light from a partially open door be between the darkness and the camera . Mary come out of though darkness and into this light . at the same moment , August come out of the partially open door , block out the light for a minute . his shadow go ahead of he - contort and strange . he stand a moment before Mary ; both of he hand clench tightly against he stomach . she speak to he in a whisper . mary Mr. August -- the night watchman August make no answer , but start walk blindly , sway a little , toward the street door . Mary go with he , walk at he side , try to peer into he face . mary the night watchman -- he be in the salon . still August pay no attention . mary Mr. August , what be it ? what 's the matter ? there be no answer . Ho continue to walk in the same jerky , pain—gripped fashion , slowly and unsteadily , toward the light . they be engulf in the darkness . mo . close shot - August and Mary from the street angle , as they come out of the darkness . Mary be very agitate and worried . August still continue to plod blindly forward . Mary reach out to touch he shoulder . mary Mr. August -- her hand touch he shoulder . almost as if unable to bear this trifling weight , he collapse suddenly at she foot . she look down . closeup of Irving August 's arm on the floor . it be sprawle awkwardly out the sleeve be darkly stain , and there be a widen stain of blood upon the floor . Mary 's slipper foot step back so that the blood will not touch she . Mary scream . the narrow hallway ring , echoe and reechoe with the sound . Mary run wildly toward the door , fumble with the knob and pull it brusquely open . as she do so , the beam of the night watchman 's searchlight come in from the loft . o.s. a wild bell start to ring madly as Mary bolt in panic . ext . STREET in front of LA jeunesse - night Mary come out of tin deer and start run down the street . behind she the light of both the hall and the salon blaze . the bell ring o.s. she look ever she shoulder and continue run . ext . subway entrance - night Mary , still run , come down the street . she look back for a moment and then go down the stair to the subway . the camera remains on the subway entrance a moment so that it can be clearly see that this entrance be mark : fourteenth STREET dissolve int . subway car - night it be late , and this particular car be almost empty . there be Mary , .sitting huddle in one corner under the map of the route which the i.r.t. so thoughtfully provide . Mary sit , still and white , obviously shake . her coat collar be draw protectively against she throat . opposite she be a pair of young lover , they hand clasped , who look blissfully into each other eye . the conductor come shambling into the car . he leek at Mary and take a step toward she , teeter on practice tee , disdain the overhead strap . conductor you know where you be go , lady ? Mary nod . conductor you have be to the end of the line and back again -- hope you enjoy the ride . he pass on . Mary look after he , frighten . as he reach the end of the car , the subway train begin to come to a step . the two lover get up , they hand still tightly clasped . insert a sign read : " 14th STREET " back to scene . the train come to a stop . Mary glance up . the subway door glide open . the two lover sidle crab-wise through it , never relinquishing they clasp on each other 's hand , and through this same door come three man , three convivial drunk . group shot of the three drunk as they seat themselves opposite Mary . the middle drunk carry the heaviest load . the ether two support he , laugh and rear as they make he comfortable between they . all three wear top hat and dark overcoat the hat of tin man in the middle be tilt over one eye . mo . close shot of Mary as she look at the three man across from she . over this shot come the sound of the subway train stop . three shot of the three man . one of they lean across the supposedly drunken man between they to offer a light for the ether 's cigarette . the man in the middle loll awkwardly , sway - between they . closeup of Mary as she stare at the man in the middle . some familiar chord of memory be touch in she mind . three shot of the three man . . the car jolt and the hat slide off the middle man 's head . we see that the man be Irving August , and that he be dead . one of the man quickly reach down , pick up the hat and put it back on August 's head . closeup of Mary . her fear be confirm . look around she cautiously , she get up and start down the aisle . at the end of the car she leek back . full shot - the three man sit at the opposite end of the car . one of the man be whisper to the other man point to Mary . full shot of Mary as she quickly open the door and go into the next car . she walk down the length of the car . a man be sleep . she shake he shoulder . mary please --- please —— the man only mutter something in he sleep . Mary continue down the car 's length to where a drunken girl sit , she head lolling . mary I want you help , please . the drunken woman merely look at she blankly . the car be come to a stop again . the door open and the conductor come through . Mary seize he arm . mary this man in there —— do not let they get out . conductor what 's the matter now ? mary one of they have be murder ! the conductor look at she dubiously . the car have come to a stop . he look into the next car and then glance down at she . conductor ( crossly ) what man ? Mary turn and look back toward the car she just leave . long shot of the car as Mary see it . it be completely desert . two shot - Mary and the conductor . the subway train be start to move again . mary but they be there . the conductor look at she and merely observe . conductor yeah . dissolve in ext . revolving door of cooper build - day mo . close shot of a newspaper vender call : vendor wuxtra ! murder ! murder ! read all about it ! he be stand directly in front of the revolve door and behind he , through the glass of the doorway , we can see Mary wait , she face anxious and strain as she peer out onto the street . a constant stream of passersby go by the building . out of this stream Gregory Ward emerge , go through the revolve door , and we see he meet by Mary , who begin excitedly to talk to he . he shake he head , take she arm and walk she off . int coffee counter '' day this be a very small counter and stand with a few table near the window -- the sort of restaurant that be open only for breakfast and lunch and be patronize by office worker who can content themselves with a sandwich and a cup of coffee . the scene open on the newsboy as he come into the restaurant and go up to the counter . the waiter behind the counter busy a paper and bring it with a order of one cup of coffee and a glass of milk to Mary and Ward , who be sit at a small table . the newsboy go on outside and over the scene from time to time we hear he voice cry , " murder ! read all about it ! " Gregory Ward take the glass of milk and slide it down the counter in front of Mary . he open up the paper and scan it carefully . Mary watch he anxiously , and turn to he . gregory this be about another murder —— a woman at fifty second Street mary but you do believe I ? gregory ( after a little pause ) the important thing be , the police will not believe you . mary I see he on the floor . he be cut -' ( indicate she own belly ) -- here . the blood be run out . he be dead . I be sure of it . then on the subway I see he —— white —— and the man hold he up between they . Gregory take a sip of he coffee and speak gently , but unable to hide he disbelief . gregory yes , of course —— but the police would say you would probably have a bad dream . mary he be a kind little man in he way —— and I make he go down that hall into the darkness . I make he do it . gregory drink you milk . Mary look up , startle at this note of command . mary I do not like to be order to do anything . Gregory look at she for a moment . gregory I be sorry . I do not intend to treat you like a child . mary but you have treat I that way . gregory I will not do it again . we be friend . I will never order you about again . he put out he hand and Mary take it . gregory ( smile ) however , I will not say that I will not take charge occasionally , and I be go to take charge new . I have a job for you . mary a job ? gregory you tell I you be pretty good with youngster . today I bump into a old friend of mine , Mrs. wheeler she run a settlement house down in the Village and be look for a kindergarten teacher . mary I would like that . gregory it 's not much money , but it 's enough to live on . you would have to move out of that hotel and into a furnish room . mary maybe the romaris might have a room . they seem nice . gregory the people at the restaurant ? mary yes . Gregory start get up , look at he watch . gregory if you want , I have time to take you down to see Mrs . wheeler right now . Mary get up . they stay for a moment while he get change out of he pocket and give it to the counter man . fade out fade in int . reception r0 om - fortesque , holloway and ward office - day a dark , handsome man with bold , insolent eye lounge carelessly before the reception desk . miss summer put down the phone and smile up at he . miss summer Mr. Ward will see you in just a few minute . wo not you wait , Dr. judd ? dr . judd thank you . he take out he cigarette case , select a cigarette , but have no match . miss summer give he she lighter . he light he cigarette and cross the room to sit down on the wait room couch . throughout the scene he toy with the lighter in he hand . miss summer look across et he for a moment , and then , after a little hesitancy , she speak . miss summer Dr. judd ? judd look up . miss summer be you Dr. Louis judd ? dr . judd yes . miss summer I read you book . the one in which you write about the cure for drink . dr . judd you be not a dipsomaniac at you age ? miss summer no . it 's my father -- I want to talk to you -- you write about cure -- judd silence she by raise he hand . dr . judd I be sorry . I do not practice any more . I find it easier to write about mental illness and leave the cure of it to other . the buzzer sound and miss summer bring the phone receiver to she ear . miss summer ( look up from the phone ) Mr. Ward be free now , Doctor . judd get up and saunter toward the door . dr . judd ( as he walk ) there be any number of other psychiatrist who can help you father -- dipsomania be rather sordid . he smile charmingly at she , and deliberately pocket she lighter . miss summer ( as he go through the door , disappointment in she voice ) thank you . she reach for a cigarette , then realize that judd have usurped she lighter . with a blank expression , she turn and look at the close door . int . gregory ward office - day Dr. judd come in and walk calmly across the room . dr . judd ( as he cross ) I have come from jacqueline . she need money . gregory I think you tell I you do not know where she be . dr . judd ( sprawling into ) ( a chair ) I do not . she come to I a few day ago . to put it delicately she care impose a financial burden upon I . she think you might lighten that burden . gregory if jacqueline want money she can come to I herself . dr . judd I be afraid she can not do that , Ward . it would endanger she . gregory what sort of danger ? judd I would like to tell you . I would tell you , but I be fond of jacqueline , I do not want she to run any risk . gregory this be nonsense ! unless I know where jacqueline be , and how she be , I will not give you any money . dr . judd ( almost musingly ) you be a curious man . you be willing to jeopardize jacqueline 's life in order to satisfy you own curiosity . gregory you come to I with some wild story about she be in danger - naturally I want to know what kind of danger . I want to know where she be . Gregory Ward rise and start around the desk toward Dr. judd . gregory it 's not just for myself I be ask . her sister be here . the kid 's half crazy with anxiety . dr . judd as a man , you distrust I —- perhaps you believe I as a physician . judd look coolly at Gregory and Gregory nod grudgingly . dr . judd well , then I can tell you that in addition to other danger , there be a grave danger of jacqueline lose she sanity . I would advise against you see she . gregory but why ? she 's be ill -- erratic , but I have never hear of anything like that ! judd I tell you I be speak as she physician -- not as anything else -- you can believe I or not , just as you choose . Gregory look at he a moment , then turn and sit down in he chair with a air of resignation . gregory ( wearily ) how much do she want ? dr . judd she could use a hundred dollar . gregory ( make a motion toward he desk ) I will give you a check . dr . judd ( shaking he head ) she can only use cash . Ward take out a billfold and examine its content . gregory I have not get that much in cash . dr . judd how much have you get ? gregory about forty - five dollar . dr . judd for the time be , I imagine that must do . Ward , frown , hand over the money reluctantly . gregory tell I , how be jacqueline ? dr . judd ( rise ) oh , as beautiful as ever . judd start for the door . gregory but tell I -- dr . judd ( shrugging ) she 's nervous , naturally , under the circumstance . gregory what circumstance ? judd have reach the door . he turn and grin . dr . judd you know that I can not tell you . he start to open the door , pause and look back . dr . judd ( cont 'd ) ( insolently , with the door half open ) as she physician and I be speak as she friend now , too , I warn you that it would be extremely dangerous to attempt to see she . the door close behind judd . Ward stand for a moment look at the close door , then cross resolutely to a halltree in the corner , take he hat and coat and stride out . int . day nursery classroom - day it be the rest hour and the child be lie in a neat row on the floor , each wrap in he own little blanket . in the middle of the row , one black - haire little girl keep poke up she head to watch Mary and Gregory Ward . Ward , with he overcoat on , and hat in hand , be seat on the corner of Mary 's desk , he back to the child , talk to she . Mary sit at she desk watch . mary what bring you down here , greg ? gregory ( a little evasively ) oh , I have business with a man ... but I miss he -' mary well , I be glad you come to see I . the little girl in the center of the room sit up . nancy can I wake up now , miss Gibson ? nary you first have to go to sleep , Nancy . then you can wake up . ( to Gregory ) we will have to talk quietly . Ward turn to look around the bright , sunny room . gregory happy here ? Mary nod . mary everything have turn out so well for I - - I have a nice job -- friend - - except the one thing I come to New York for - - to find jacqueline -- Gregory nod . mary it 's not know that make it so hard . this way , whenever I walk along the street I think I see she . I see some woman , peer into she face and find a stranger . I dream of she at night . it 's terrible to say -- but if she be dead it would be easier . there would be some certainty about it . Ward patiently pat she shoulder , and look at she with understanding and sympathy . they face each other for a moment in the b.g. Nancy again rise from she neat fold of blanket . nancy miss Gibson , I be tired of rest . mary sh-h -h Nancy . the other child . Nancy give she a dirty look and subside . mary ( turn ) ( back to Ward ) what have you do about Irving August ? gregory ( a little guiltily ) oh , I be make investigation . mary you have never believe a word I tell you about Mr. August . gregory look , Mary , now that I know you better , I think I can be more frank with you . I do not believe you . I still can not understand the reason for such a wild tale . it 's like some of jacqueline 's storey . mary greg , it be not a wild tale . it 's true . if there be only some way -- gregory there be a very simple way . get a telephone book ? Mary reach into she desk drawer and pull out the New York telephone directory . he take it and thumb through it rapidly , then dial . while he be do this , Nancy poke up she head again . nancy be it fifteen minute yet ? mary no , Nancy . you have get to sleep two more minute . Nancy let herself relax on the hard floor in quiet desperation . by this time Ward have finish dial he number . someone have evidently answer . gregory ( into phone ) May I speak to Mr. Irving August ? from the telephone come the sound of unintelligible conversation in a explanatory note . Ward listen , frown . gregory ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) I be very sorry . thank you .. he hang up the receiver and turn to Mary . gregory you be right . Irving August have be miss for three week . dissolve ext . day nursery - day Mary be say good - bye to the child . they be be call for by they mother . most of the woman be italian , irish , bohemian or jewish New York woman who collect they offspring and move out with they through the little wicket gate . the child be carry bit of childish craft which they have manufacture during the day - paper basket , crayola drawing . each of the child show off what he have do during the day to he fond mama . child mama , see . miss Gibson help I . it 's a table . mother beautiful . we show it to papa tonight . second mother do Michele eat she soup today ? mary she 's be a angel . a little boy come run out of the building . he be the last and be late . child ( yell ) mama . wait for I . the drop seat of he little suit be hang open . Mary run after he . mary angelo . wait . she catch up with he , button he suit , give he a playful pat on the bottom , and he run after the other . Mary turn to re—enter the nursery when Mrs. wheeler come out . Mrs. wheeler be a middleuage woman with a generous , benign smile on she face . mrs . wheeler well , Mary , be not you the popular one . you have a visitor again . Mary turn to walk toward the building with Mrs. wheeler . mary Mr. Ward ? mrs . wheeler no , not this time . it 's a gentleman call judd -- Dr. judd . mary I do not know anyone by that name . mrs . wheeler he ask for you , my dear . the two woman go beck into the building . tnt . day nursery classroom - day judd , wear a dark overcoat and carry he hat , be walk up and down . the door open and Mary come in . mary Dr. judd ? judd yes , miss Gibson . I have come to take you to you sister . Mary stop , startle , and look at he . he smile . judd do not be so amaze . it 's a very ordinary matter . I be jacqueline 's physician ... Mr. Ward tell I you be in town and jacqueline have send I to bring you to she . mary you know where she be ? judd ( smile even more broadly ) if I do not know where she be , could I take you to she ? get you hat and coat . we have not much time . he start for the door , stumble over a toy . Mary look down at he foot . he catch the glance . judd it 's my cloven hoof . it trip I up sometimes . mary cloven hoof ? judd yes . you know the devil and all he minion be mark that way . Mary look at he in astonishment as they exit through the door . dissolve int . foyer flander apt . - day this be a marble , gilt , and plaster horror of the General grant rococo period . Glass and gilt iron door give entrance to the hallway , which be floor with soile marble slab . at either side of the hall twin stair rise to the apartment above , go upward with a accompaniment of gilt iron handrail . some mail box , a wear velvet bench , and moth eat moose head complete this charming and delicate interior . a young woman be laboriously get a baby carriage out from under one of the stairway and stow she infant safely in its wicker hold . she have tuck he in , steer the carriage out from behind the stairway , and be crossing the hallway when the door open to admit judd and Mary . judd ( hold the door open for Mary ) it 's amid such marble splendor as this that jacqueline dwell . Mary look around . judd you can take either stairway -- I prefer the leave —- the sinister side . they go toward the leave and start ascend the leave stairway . int . hallway in front of judd be apt - afternoon Mary and judd come up the stair . judd be fumble for a key . he go to he door , insert the key , twist it and swing the door open , allow Mary to precede he . int . judd be apt . - late afternoon it be a cheap , furnish apartment . a aubusson carpet be on the floor . the furniture be Grand rapid Sheraton and the picture on the wall be representative of hotel art at its worst , color print show french canal , poplar tree and old tower . a incongruous picture , however , a huge chrome in a ornate fretwork frame dominate one wall . this be the famous picture of the guardian angel which show a little child , gown in white , who be about to fall over a precipice wear it not for the benign hand of she guardian angel , a figure complete with white robe and white wing . under this picture be a bureau . it have be convert to a writer 's need by the simple expedient of remove one drawer and re—inserting it so that the bottom of the drawer can be use as a base for a typewriter . on this overturn drawer stand a portable typewriter , a box full of paper , some loose manuscript and a marmalade jar full of pencil . between a pair of bookend be about four volume with the author 's name '' Louis judd '' plainly evident on the dust jacket . they be the only book in the room . at the end of the room be a small , useless sort of desk . this have be make into a dress table by put a fitte toilet case on top and open it . through a double doorway , without door , can be see a square cubicle contain a unmade bed . Mary come into this room and look around anxiously . judd follow she , carefully bolt the door behind he and put it on the chain . judd ( call softly ) ( toward bedroom ) jacqueline . there be no answer and he stride across the room and look in . he turn back to Mary . judd ( with genuine surprise ) she 's not here . she 's go . Mary look around she a little apprehensive at the think of be alone with this stranger . however , he own nervousness at jacqueline 's absence be very genuine . as Mary cross the room to the desk he continue to talk excitedly . judd I do not know why she leave . she know she should not have . Mary take a hand mirror out of the fitte case and hold it up . a big swirl monogram on the back be immediately visible . the letter be : " J. G . " Mary put it down . in a little ash tray beside the dress case a cigarette be smolder . Mary point to it . judd look at it , then quickly cross the room to a door obviously lead to a bathroom . he knock , and receive no answer , open it and turn back to the room . judd she 's go . she 's leave I to meet they alone . I can not . Mary stand look at he , amaze at this sudden transition : the almost palpable fear of this smooth , easy , sneering man . mary ( softly ) what make you so nervous , Dr. judd . who be they ? judd pay no attention to she . he walk quickly to the other end of the room , then turn to face she . judd I can not stay here . I will have to leave you . without any further word he stride quickly to the entrance door , fumble furiously with the chain and lock ; open it and go out , close the door behind he . Mary stand in the center of the room , completely at a loss . she turn back to the desk and snuff out the cigarette thoughtfully . again she examine the mirror or some other article in the dress case , as she stand there , look at she sister 's initial , there be a soft knock at the door . Mary cross the room quickly and open it . tnt . hallway outside judd be apt . - late afternoon mo . close shot - jacqueline Gibson , dress for the street in a mink coat and a smart fur toque to match ; a impressive , beautiful , unforgettable woman , stand in this mean hallway . two shot - Mary and jacqueline in doorway . mary ( from doorway ) jacqueline ! jacqueline lift she hand and put she forefinger stealthily across she lip to indicate silence . they stand face each other this way for a single , breathe moment . then suddenly jacqueline pull the door shut . tnt . judd be apt . - late afternoon close shot of Mary , surprised and shocked by this sudden move , stand stock—still for half a second . then she rouse herself . she start tug at the door . she get it open and start out . int . hallway outside judd be apt . - late afternoon Mary come out into the hall , look first toward the leave stairway . there be no one there . reverse shot . apparently Mary look to the right and again see that the hallway and the head of the second flight of stair be empty . she hesitates for a moment and then start off to the right . tnt . flander apt . stairway - late afternoon Mary run down the stair . tnt . foyer - flander apt . - late afternoon Mary come down the stair . the foyer be empty . she cross to the other stair and look up , see no one , turn and go out the street door . ext . flander apt . - late afternoon Mary come out and look up and down the street . the street be empty except for a few man pass by . she stand for a moment , the wind blow she skirt against she leg and tug at she hair . she turn and go back into the building . int . foyer - flander apt . - late afternoon Mary come in and start to mount the stair . dissolve int . hallway in front of judd ' S aft . late afternoon Mary come up to the hallway . the door of the apartment be still open . she turn and enter . int . judd be apt . - late afternoon Mary reqenter the room . she go over to the dress table where she have leave she purse and pick it up . as she do this something in the mirror attract she attention , and a look of terror come into she face . in the mirror can be see the back of a large chair near the bureau . over the top of this chair float a rise column of cigar smoke . Mary turn . another angle . a man enter from the leave of the scene and seize nary 's arm . from the armchair another man rise . it be Paul radeau , the man with Irving August at the miss person Bureau . man ( to radeau ) be this she ? radeau nope . ( turn to Mary , remove he cigar from he mouth ) where 's jacqueline Gibson ? mary ( frighten ) I do not know . radeau she be just here . where 's she go ? mary I tell you I do not know . radeau that 's funny . you go out with she , come back alone , and do not know where she go . mary I do not know . there be a pause while radeau study she and Mary 's courage come back to she . mary why do you want jacqueline ? what right have you to question I ? radeau pull a official look document from he pocket . radeau Young lady , I have get all the right in the world . I be Paul radeau , private investigator , and I have be hire to find you sister by she husband , Gregory Ward . closeup of Mary 's face as the full realization of what he have say come to she . mary ( almost in a whisper ) husband -- dissolve int . dine room - dante - night the restaurant be full , cheerful and noisy with the merry sound of people eat , drink and talk . mo . close shot of Jason hoag seat at the foot of Dante . a small quarto volume be open at he leave hand and he be read as he eat he antipasto . without look he take the last forkful from the plate scrabble about with he fork for another forkful but find only emptiness , and he turn he attention from he book to he plate . he put down he fork and look off beyond the camera , call out at the same time . jason ( in italian ) what ho , wench ! would you keep a benight traveller wait ? reverse shot - kitchen door . Mrs. romari , a beam smile on she face , come from the kitchen bear a enormous platter of spaghetti . she weave she way through the table , hold the platter high over the head of the customer . she pass a table at which Mary be seat with Gregory Ward . as it be a wall table , they sit side by side . both look miserable , they face avert , Gregory be talk eagerly to Mary 's turned—away profile . Mrs. romari pass they and advance toward the table where Jason sit . mo . close shot - Jason at he table . Mrs. romari come into the scene beam , put the platter on the table before Jason . mrs . romari ( in italian ) Jason , my pet —— jason Bella romari if I be not seat , I would embrace you in three movement like a sonata . ( in very bad italian ) ah , my wonderful one . fly with I tonight . we will take you coffee machine and live with the gypsy . Mrs. romari giggle with delight and translate Jason 's atrocious italian to two maiden lady who be gawk at this unrestrained conversation . mrs . romari ( in italian ) oh , this funny man . ( in English ) he be a very funny man , but I love he . while she be talk , Jason have be appreciatively sniff the aroma of the spaghetti . as she turn back to he , he point to he wine glass . jason what be you think of , Bella ? can I eat dry ? mrs . romari oh , the wine . I have forget the wine . Mrs. romari go toward the kitchen . the camera dolly with she . as she pass the table where Gregory and Mary be sit , the camera stop , focus on they . gregory look , Mary , just because I keep a secret from you do not make I a monster . please look at I , Mary . Mary pay no attention , but busy herself by take a sip of water and pretend to be very interested in Mrs. romari 's further progress through the dining room . gregory can not I make you understand ? the secret be not mine in the first place . it be jacqueline 's . I do not know why . she never want anything from I -- not even my name —— Mary still look obstinately away . Gregory shake he head , pause , and then go on . gregory please —- I can not explain thing like this to you right ear . mary last night in this very restaurant Mr. Jason hoag pay a very pretty compliment to my right ear . gregory ( exasperate ) who the devil be he ? mary a poet . he 's sit right over there . that 's he table —— the one at the foot of Dante . she half turn to indicate Jason 's position . mo . close shot of Jason . he see Mary look toward he . he smile and nod to she . mo . close shot of Mary and Gregory . Mary nod back to Jason . gregory ( look off at Jason ) he seem all right . ( then resume he former conversation ) look , Mary . it be something I could not tell you . remember how you come to my office that first day , frighten and break up ? I ask you if she have speak about I . you say " no . " then how could I tell you that we be marry -- and afterwards -- I could not tell you because -- Mrs. romari come past they .. she be carry a bottle of chianti . she smile at Mary as she pass , but Mary be too absorb in she own thought to see she . the camera dolly with Mrs. romari . mo . close shot of Jason . Mrs. romari come into the scene and start pour a glass of wine . jason ( in bad italian ) why do you bring I wine , beautiful one when you yourself be intoxicating . Mrs romari laugh heartily . jason ( in English ) you be my favorite audience , Bella . Mrs. romari have finish pour the wine . she put the wine bottle on the table and be about to start off toward the kitchen when she catch a glimpse of Gregory and Mary . Mary 's face be still avert from Gregory and both of they look dreadfully unhappy . mo . shot of Jason and Mrs. romari . mrs . romari why can not everyone be happy like we be -- laugh and have good time . look at that poor little one '' so sad because she can not find she sister . and that man with she -' he do not make she laugh —— he just sit and talk . jason ( almost seriously ) we be happy , Mrs. romari , because you have everything —— and I be happy because I have nothing to lose . mrs . romari but you should make she laugh , Jason . come , make joke for she . I will bring you food to they table . before Jason can protest she have lean over and take he plate . mo . shot - Mary and Gregory . they relative position have not change . mary you could have tell I any time you be jacqueline 's husband . gregory thing change , Mary . the reason for find jacqueline change . I want to find jacqueline to settle thing . mary ( startle , turn for the first time to Ward ) what thing ? why ? it be at this moment and before he can answer that Mrs. romari come into the scene lead Jason . mrs . romari you two be so sad . you food will not digest , and you wine will sour . you must laugh to eat well . I have bring Jason to make you laugh . Mary look at Ward . he be obviously annoyed at this interruption . she , too , wish that Mrs. romari and Jason have not interrupt , but feel it incumbent upon she to be gracious . mary Mr. hoag , this be Mr. Ward . the two man shake hand . Ward with the air of one make a empty invitation , hope that Jason will not accept , indicate the char on the opposite side of the table . Jason stand smile for a moment , completely aware of the situation and uncertain as to whether to accept or take himself off . Mrs. romari settles the matter by pull out the chair and force he to seat himself . mrs romari sit down . I will get the rest of you dinner . jason I be under order to make you laugh . in Mrs. romari 's mind my poetry and humor have some strange affinity which they do not have in fact . she want I to play the fool for you , and suddenly , miss Gibson , I feel as sad as you do . mary ( smile ) well , then I have spoiled you dinner -- " you food will not digest , and you wine will sour . " jason you will have to make all the joke , because I be go to be very serious . he pause , and the two look rather questioningly at he after this preamble . he look first at one and then at the other before speak . jason I be go to find you sister . gregory I do not think that 's a good subject for joke , Mr. hoag . jason but I be not joke . gregory do not be ridiculous . for month I have have the best private detective in New York look for miss Gibson . jason but I be better than a detective . I have a understanding of people - and a love of they -- a understanding of the city - - gregory you do not even know jacqueline Gibson . jason but I understand she . that may be more important . gregory it may make very fine poetry , Mr. hoag , but it do not make good sense . Jason turn to Mary . jason Mary , when you first come here , I tell you to look into you heart . you do not listen to I . you listen to the policeman instead . you do not find you sister , do you ? gregory ( protest ) look here , just because Mrs. romari ask you to amuse we . Jason rise and take Mary 's hand . jason this city be my world . I know every rat-infested corner of my world and every starlit chamber of its purity and greatness . he half draw Mary to she foot . gregory you do not even know where to start - - Jason take Mary along with he , start for the door . jason one start by beginning . beginning lead to a end . Ward be force to rise and go with they . dissolve ext . STREET WASHINGTON mews - night Jason and Ward with Mary between they , cross the street toward the north side of Washington mews . to they right be the mews , the little house one next to the other in a orderly row . they stop for a moment at the street corner . gregory well ? jason ( disregard he question ) this be the part of New York I love . it be old . it have memory . if you listen , the house will speak to you . Walt Whitman ... edna St. Vincent millay ... Eugene o'neill ... in they time they have all live here . he go on to the next house and they follow . the camera dolly with they . gregory all very nice but , what be you go to do - listen at every house in New York for jacqueline 's voice ? jason ( as if it explain everything ) I be look for a party -- a merry party . gregory well , that 's illuminate . even Mary look concerned and puzzle . they have stop before the next house and again Jason have take the attitude of one listen . the sound of a violin can be hear play abenly . jason only music . it lead , but we cannot follow . he start off again . Ward and Mary follow he . gregory ( shaking he head ) riddle now . by this time they have come to the third house and again Jason have pause . jason wait . this be a party . woman' voice ( from interior of house ) now , if you will all take you seat , miss randall will show we the slide she take of Woods hole Marine Institute this summer . jason sound dull , do not it ? my ear be perfectly train . I can tell the brand of liquor and the quality of the guest from the noise they make . from the next house come the sound of revelry , laughter and a burst of jazz music from a phonograph which obscure the milder noise of the house in front of which they stand . jason ( excitedly ) that sound more like it . come on . he grab hold of Mary 's hand and draw she along . they go up to the door . Ward follow they . int . natalie cortez ' house - night close shot of Natalie cortez . she be seat at a small card table , shuffle a pack of card with one hand , and surround by a small group of she guest in evening clothes . Natalie be a very beautiful woman of early middle age . it be apparent why she use only one hand to shuffle she card . she have but one arm . a little cape of gold lame cover she shoulder and hang down over the miss arm . judd' voice shuffle the card well , Natalie . this be a trick of telepathy not card manipulation another shot of the same group to include judd , who stand a little distance away with he back purposely turn to the card table . Mrs. cortez be finish shuffle the card . the door knocker sound . judd now pass I the card . the knocker sound again and Mrs. cortez hand the card to gladys , a big , gushy girl , full of hormone and cocktail gin . mrs . cortez ( rise ) gladys , you hand the deck to Louis while I answer the door . gladys take the card and cross to judd , who still stand with he back to he audience , while Mrs. cortez turn and walk in the other direction . reverse shot - toward the door . for the first time Mrs. cortez ' live quarter can be see . the house be formerly a stable on the mews and in remodeling it for live purpose Mrs. cortez have allow the stall and general architecture of the stable to remain . she use one of the two stall as a little dining nook , although above it the name of the horse , " apocalypse " be still print on a placard . the next stall have be convert into a little escritoire , and over this stall be the name " Morning Star . " the place be light with electrify stable and carriage lamp and furnish with harness and horse adornment which contrast with the rich pile carpet , the lovely square piano of rosewood and the beautiful modern print with plain wood frame . Book shelf cover the large portion of the wall . Mrs. cortez wend she way through little group of she guest and go to the door . mo . close shot of the door as Mrs. cortez open it revealing Mary , Ward and Jason on the threshold . mrs . cortez Jason ! how nice to see you . jason ( take she hand ) I have bring some friend , Natalie . May we all come to you party ? mrs . cortez of course . jason Mrs , . cortez , Mary Gibson and Mr. Ward . mrs . cortez ( to Mary ) it 's so nice to meet you . Jason have be look about try to peer over the head of various other guest . suddenly he turn back to Mrs. cortez and Mary . jason you will have to excuse I . another angle - Jason emerge between two group of people . the camera pick he up and dolly with he up to the group around judd . judd have turn and be face they with the card in he hand . judd Mrs. Freeman , yours be the Jack of spade . gladys , yours be the Seven of diamond , and Mrs. gosden , the Queen of heart -' there be a murmur of admiration from the little group . gladys how do you ever do it , Louis ? Jason make he way through the group and face judd . judd hello , Jason . Jason take he arm and draw he away a few foot from the group . jason ( sotto voce ) where be jacqueline Gibson ? judd ( smile ) what a peculiar question . jason I see you with she last week . I know you would be here tonight . where be she ? judd my dear fellow , it 's neither you business to ask , nor mine to tell . he try to move away . Jason take he arm again . jason wait . look over there . he half turn so that judd face the door . jason see that girl ? that 's jacqueline 's sister . it 's because of she I ask . judd but why come to I ? jason because there be another girl— year ago -- a nice girl . she live on barrow Street . I see she with you once -' I see she with you twice and then I never see she again . that 's why . judd she be my patient . he pause . judd what be she to you ? jason I do not think that you would understand if I tell you . judd I think I understand without you tell I . I know something of you history , Jason . I know that you have not write for ten year . jason I have lose my knack . judd after that wonderful first book —- after all the adulation and the good review ? Jason look away . judd I would have give anything if I could have write that book . you have all my admiration and respect '' once . mo . shot - Mary , Mrs. cortez and Ward . mrs . cortez now that you know I , you must feel free to come often . over this shot come the sound of Jason 's voice call Mary . Mary smile at Mrs. cortez and look off . long shot from Mary 's angle of the group around judd and Jason . Jason be beckone to she . three shot - Mary , Mrs. cortez and Ward . Mary give Mrs. cortez a smile of apology and start toward Jason . Ward take she arm to lead she through the party throng . mo . close shot - the group around Jason and judd as Mary and Ward come in . judd ( imperturbably ) hello , Ward . he make a half bow to Mary . judd my dear miss Gibson -- it be at this point that gladys come burst back . she pick up the name " Gibson " and rush ever to Mary . gladys Gibson ? be you jacqueline 's sister ? mary yes . do you -- gladys ( not let she finish ) know she ! my dear , we be intimate ! the time we use to have together ! I bet she never tell you about that -- you be too young . gregory I be afraid you do not understand . miss Gibson 's sister be miss —— gladys miss ? well , no wonder . when she take up with Louis judd she go out of circulation , like that ! she snap she finger . Mary look from judd to Ward . the two man stare fixedly at each other . gladys ( to Mary ) my dear , have I say something ? jason ( to gladys in a low voice ) no . you have just turn the dagger in the wound - - a beautiful job . he look quickly over to Mary , see tear come to she eye , take she elbow and lead she to another part of the room . gladys ' attention be attract by laughter from another group of the party and she drift off . Ward and judd be leave together . judd ( to Ward ) there be too many people here . I think jacqueline may be lonely --? for I . judd grin . he wander off . Gregory stand scowling after he . two shot - Jason and Mary . they have seat themselves in the little breakfast nook build in the horse ' stall . jason you see , Mary , I be not quite a fool . Mary nod . mary at least you know about Dr. judd . jason yes . mary and you know he would be here . jason yes . and now that I have show you that I know that much , and can guess more -- will you trust I to look for jacqueline ? mary I want you to look for jacqueline . he take she hand across the table and hold it firmly . jason I be a terrible failure , Mary , -- a book clerk by day and a poet by night , and not a very good one - but if you will trust I -- at this one thing I will not fail -- I will find you sister . dissolve int . public library - day close shot of Jason lean on a file counter in the library . beside he be a enormous file of card and right under he nose , two pretty white hand ruffle the card . jason ( admiringly ) you have such lovely hand , miss gottschalk . so slim and capable -- the camera pull back to show we miss gottschalk . the face do not match the hand . miss gottschalk ( gurgle ) oh , Mr. Jason . I really should not be do this , you know . it 's against the rule . ( curiously ) when do you say you want they ? jason I want to see what they read so I will know what kind of book to give my friend as present . there 's nothing nicer for a gift than a book . miss gottschalk who be the first one -- Mrs. redi ? Jason nod . miss gottschalk ( ruffling through the card ) N - of - p - q - be - be - redi. here it be . she take the card out of the file and hand it to Jason . miss gottschalk and the other be judd ? jason yes , Dr. Louis judd . miss gottschalk it 's here , too . she hand it over to Jason . jason would it be ask too much , miss gottschalk , for you to get I this book ? miss gottschalk ( gurgle again ) no , not at all , Mr. Jason . she take the card and glance at the number and stop . miss gottschalk ( coyly ) why , Mr. Jason . most of this book be on the close shelf . you have to get permission . jason ( use miss gottschalk 's tone ) I would not want to take they out . I just want to look at they . miss gottschalk ( relenting ) well , since , you be over twenty one—— giggle , she turn to go . dissolve int . upstair hallway - dante - day Jason come up the stair whistling . as he reach the landing , mimi come out of she door at the end of the corridor and go across to the bathroom . she be in she soile dress gown , she hair lank about she shoulder . she carry a towel over one arm . jason ( wave to she ) mimi! she turn toward he and be about to speak when a fit of cough take she . she pass on , go through the doorway to the bath . Jason go on to a door halfway down the hall , # lo . he knock on the door . Mary 's voice can be hear bid he enter . mary voice come in . Jason turn the knob and throw the door open . through the open door Mary 's room can be see . it be a small , dismal cubicle like the room with the noose . there be a day bed , a dresser , a little desk , a armchair , a old— fashioned rocker and light curtain at the window . there be a few oddushape pillow on the day bed and some other evidence of Mary 's attempt to make this place bright and livable . on the dresser top stand a large frame photograph of jacqueline . as the door open , Mary can be see wash a pair of white glove in a little basin set in the corner of the room . as the scene progress , , she can be see wash the glove on she hand , remove they , rinsing out the soap and then tack they up on the open window sash to dry . Jason pull a rise from he pocket . a withere blossom . he offer it . Mary hold up she white - glove hand to indicate that she can not take the flower . he pick up a tumbler , fill it with water , put the rise in it , and set the whole mess on the window sill . mary it 's terribly sweet of you , Jason . jason I have something even better . he fish through he pocket and bring out a rag wear piece of paper ; crossing over to she he carefully smooth out this paper beside the wash basin . mary ( puzzle ) what be it ? insert the parallelogram trace on thin paper . jason's voice a parallelogram with a split triangle in its very center . back to scene : mary but for what , Jason ? jason to unlock mystery -- to unravel the thread that lead to jacqueline . Mary look helpless and bewilder . jason ( with mock patience ) I suppose I will have to explain . go on with you wash . he seat himself on the edge of the day bed . jason I have be at the library . mary but you be always at the library . jason I go as a detective . I find out that Mrs. redi read the same book as Dr. judd . mary I do not think that 's so revealing . jason but who be judd , a psychiatrist . it 's quite natural that he should read book on the history of old religious society . but why should Mrs. redi , a woman with a beauty parlor --? mary I do not know . jason that 's it . and this figure -- she trace it . the book I see at the library have be mark " perfect " by the library inspector in March . Mrs. redi have it out in April . no one else have read it since . mary ( laugh ) I be at sea , Jason . jason ( with even more patience ) such a simple matter . this figure be the symbol of the palladist . mary ( lightly mock ) it 's all clear to I now -- so clear . jason I think it would be , but just to be sure , I will tell you that the palladist be a society of Devil worshipper -- mary Devil worshipper ! she burst out laugh . jason look . I be serious . it 's a real and vary earnest society -- a dangerous society ... mary ( still laugh ) I can imagine . jason some time before that nice white glove be dry you be go to go and find out a few thing about Mrs. redi. Mary chuckle to herself and , take up one of the glove , blow into it , laugh in spite of herself as she do so . in a playful mood , she brushes the blow - up glove against the back of Jason 's neck . he start nervously . like a young child , Mary be throw into a fit of laughter . mary oh , Jason , I scared you . maybe I could scare some information out of Mrs. redi or perhaps france . she laugh gaily . dissolve booth at LA jeunesse cosmetics , inc . - day this be a mirror shot . in the glass Mary can be see seat in the chair with france fallon behind she brush she hair . france I can not see much fun in teach school . why do not you go into the beauty business . mary but I like teach school . france well , if it 's fun for you , it 's all right . I get a kick out of my work when the customer be not too crabby . mary be Mrs. redi nice to work for ? france redi 's all right . mary she seem rather a odd woman to I . france she 's a pretty good sort . mary what do she do with herself after business hour ? france shrug . mary it always seem to I she be sort of lonely and unhappy . france I guess most people be . france finish brush she hair and pat it into place . france ( cont 'd ) well , that 's it . while Mary get up and collect she handbag and other belonging , france make out the check and hand it to Mary . france in the old day , it would have be on the house . Mary hand she a coin which france refuse , push she hand away . france the tip be , anyhow . I like to work on you hair . mary thank you . Mary take a piece of paper from she bag and show it to france . mary do you know what this be , france ? france ( smile broadly ) I ought to know . mary what be it ? france reach back of she , take a bottle of La jeunesse perfume and hold it up to Mary . insert bottle of LA jeunesse perfume . on the front of it be the parallelogram with split triangle . france ' voice ( over shot ) it 's Mrs. redi 's new trademark . back to scene : mary of course , I should have know . that figure have be puzzle I . she pass into the main portion of the salon and france follow she . Mrs. redi , pass by , stop . mrs . redi hello , Mary . it 's nice to see you . no news of jacqueline ? Mary shake she head . mary I be afraid not . mrs . redi that 's too bad . Mary go on toward the cashier 's desk , and pay she check , as Mrs. redi and france stand talk , Mary get she change and leave in the background . mrs . redi what do she want ? france I do she hair . mrs . redi what be you talk about ? france nothing . mrs . redi nothing ! that 's absurd . I hear you laugh and talk , she be ask question . france she be just ask about you - whether it be nice to work for you or not . mrs . redi and that be all ? france no . she ask about the trademark . mrs . redi what do she want to know ? france she show I a draw . mrs . redi ( in anger ) you fool ! that symbol be we -- we . she be ask about we . she look off toward the door open on the street . mrs . redi but I will stop she question —— dissolve int . flander arm - judd' apartment - day judd , dress in a dress gown , be seat on the straight chair before the makeshift desk , talk with Mrs. cortez who be dress in street clothes and who have perch herself on the arm of a large , overstuff chair . they have evidently be talk for some time . the scene open with a slight lull in the conversation , while judd take a cigarette and light it , blow out the first inhalation of smoke and look squarely at Mrs. cortez . judd I know the other -- redi , fallon , Leo , brun . but I would never have guess it of you , Natalie . mrs . cortez ( airily ) one believe -' it 's like any other religion ... judd I would hardly describe it that way —- the worship of evil be a pretty dreadful and special thing . mrs . cortez it seem right to we . judd I know the theory behind the movement . if one believe in good one believe in evil . if one believe in God , one must believe in the devil . and a intelligent person can make he own choice —— that 's it , be not it ? mrs . cortez because you be intelligent -- that 's why they send I to you -- judd I think I can give you a more practical reason for you kind invitation . I know too much . I be jacqueline 's psycho-analyst . mrs . cortez I always think it be a more intimate relationship . judd shrug . judd perhaps , Natalie , this be a bargain you be offer I -- I be be allow to join -- to buy safety by betray jacqueline -- be that it ? mrs . cortez I have not say anything of the sort . judd but you would like to know where she be ? mrs . cortez yes . there be certain punitive measure ... judd I can imagine . but you do say you come to I as my friend -- that you be concerned for I . Natalie nod . mrs . cortez I be afraid you have mistaken my motive , Louis . I think you might understand and sympathize . judd I have no sympathy for either good or evil . I have only curiosity -- a professional curiosity . what unhappy people most of you be ! mrs . cortez be we ? I think I be very gay . judd a gay lot -' redi , for instance . I do not know what she sorrow be , but she life 's a empty one . she 's have to have this to cling to . france fallon , with she worship of jacqueline , have have to follow like a sheep . and brun , the fanatic . and you ... he look at she empty sleeve . she look down , and she mouth twist in a smile . mrs . cortez I be a great dancer ... judd a strange collection . you be like the false god you worship ... fall angel , all of you . mrs . cortez life have betrayed we . we have find there be no heaven on earth , so we must worship evil for evil 's own sake . we be not wick . we commit no violence , unless ... judd ( smile , close to she ) unless what ? mrs . cortez ( a pause , then smile , sure of herself ) no , you draw no secret from I , as you draw they from jacqueline . you be not one of we yet . you be clever , Louis , but I recognize you interest in I for what it be worth . you be only curious . you have never love a woman who have but one arm . judd it would be a charming experience . she might only protest half as much . mrs . cortez ( rise ) you be very flippant and perhaps wise , but not wise enough to see the truth , Louis . judd walk with Mrs. cortez to the door . judd ( very sincerely ) what be truth ? Mrs. cortez look at he from the doorway in surprise . mrs . cortez that be the first word I have ever hear you say without mockery and contempt . judd smile . dissolve int . kitchen - dante - day Mrs. romari , with the pigeon on the table in front of she , be shelling bean . as she shell they she sing a italian song , she voice ringing out merrily . quick wipe up to : int . mary bathroom - day Mary be in the shower . it be a old - fashioned affair in a tub with a round pipe rail above it from which a translucent curtain be hang to keep the water from splash . Mary 's head , neck , shoulder and a portion of she back can be see . she be wear a shower cap . the warm water be stream over she , make a comfortable fog of steam . Mary be hum or whistling the song that Mrs. romari be sing downstairs . she lift she hand to soap the back of she neck . a dark and threaten shadow fall athwart the curtain , and through the steam and water a figure can be dimly see stand there . it be a moment or two before this figure speak . mrs . redi be voice Mary . Mary look toward the shower curtain and see the grim indeterminate bulk of someone stand there . she bring she hand and arm up protectively huddle all she force together in embarrassment . mary ( she voice weak and embarrassed ) yes . mrs . redi this be Mrs. redi , Mary . mary ( reach for the faucet ) I will be out in a minute . mrs . redi that will not be necessary . I have not much to say . Mary turn the water off and stand listen . mrs . redi if I be you , Mary -- I would go back to school . I would make no further attempt to find jacqueline . mary why ? mrs . redi it will make you unhappy to find jacqueline . it would put she in danger --- great danger -- there be a little silence . mrs . redi I can almost feel you doubt about what I be say , Mary . mary I can not give up look for she , Mrs. redi , no matter what you be hint at . mrs . redi I have no intention whatsoever of hint . you sister , Mary , be a murderess . she kill Irving August -- stab he out of fright when he discover where she be hide . mary I do not believe it . mrs . redi I have to help get rid of the body . you see it on the subway . and I warn you , Mary -- go back -- you do not know what you be do , or what dreadful thing you might bring about by look for you sister . you go back to school - - go back and forget jacqueline . the shadow of Mrs. redi 's figure leave the curtain . the door click shut behind she . Mary move she hand out to part the curtain . close up of Mary 's face as see from the other side of the shower curtain as she open it . she be look off at the door through which Mrs. redi have pass . dissolve int . natalie cortez ' apt . - late evening long shot there be a fire burn in the fireplace . the lamp have be light , although outdoors there be still a gray , cold light in the street . the room look bright and warm . there be about a dozen people who be stand and sit , smoking and chat . before the sofa a tea service have be set on the coffee table . a alcohol stove keep the tea water hot and a slight steam rise from the tea kettle . among the guest can be see certain familiar face . france fallon stand near the door talk with a young man , Mr. durk , who can be recognize as one of the two drunk who support the body of Irving August on the subway . the other of the two drunk , Mr. Leo , be seat by himself in a armchair look through a record album . in he street clothes , chat with a very lovely , white - haire woman , be Joseph , the workman at La jeunesse . Mrs. cortez be open the door , as the scene open , to admit Mrs. redi , who be dress in exactly the same clothes she wear in the previous scene . mrs . redi ( start to remove she fur ) I be sorry to be late , Natalie . mrs . cortez ( take the fur and hang they over the back of a chair ) we have not even begin tea yet . the two woman cross to the sofa and sit down . on the way across the room , Mrs. redi nod to several of the people stand about . she and Mrs. cortez seat themselves . mrs . cortez wo not you pour , Mrs. redi ? Mrs. redi pour out a cup of tea . her hand tremble and she move rather awkwardly . mrs . redi sorry . I be nervous . this be very try for I . mrs . cortez I know . you introduce jacqueline to we -- but how could you tell —- mrs . redi I should have know . she have no sincerity —- no real belief . Mrs. cortez pat Mrs. redi 's hand comfortingly , then turn and call out , mrs . cortez cream or lemon , france ? france lemon . france come forward and Mr. durk come with she . they stand beside the sofa near Mrs. redi . Mrs. redi pour another cup of tea . Mrs. cortez poise the cream pitcher over it . she turn to a tall dark - haire woman who be stand near the window . mrs . cortez miss rowan , do you take cream ? miss rowan , without bother to answer , stride across the room and take the teacup from she hand . she seat herself in a small chair face the sofa . Mrs. redi start to pour another cup of tea , but have a slight mishap . there be a clatter . mrs . redi please , Natalie , would you mind pour ? Mrs. cortez take the teapot in she hand and begin pour . miss rowan you should not be nervous . there be nothing personal or vengeful in what we be about to do . we have only to make a decision . a tall quiet woman have come up to the table . she speak to Mrs. cortez . mrs . swift but it can be such a horrible decision . I find peace here . I know that a large portion of that peace come because we be all pledge to non-violence . now this -- miss rowan we founder must have know when he write this seemingly contradictory rule -' the rule of non-violence and the law that whoever betray we must die -- he must have know . france but I can not understand it . Mrs. redi turn to she . mrs . redi some of we , france , must believe without understanding . france yes . as she speak , a mature , handsome , forceful man dress in a dark business suit , Mr. brun , come forward . mrs . redi I go back through the history last night . I read about Johann rozenquartz -- I read what he write -- mr. brun I can quote it fully , Mrs. redi . " we will avoid violence . for once undertake , violence become its own master and can lead to either good or evil . " mrs . redi but he also write -- mr. brun ( interrupt ) I can quote that too ; " that who shall go out into the market place and let they tongue speak of we , and give knowledge of we be and we deed , whom - so - ever doeth this shall die . " mrs . swift since the founding of we order there have be six betrayal and six death . and now there be jacqueline —— she be the seventh . france you can not do anything to she -- you must not hurt she ! mrs . cortez but she betrayed we , france . france she never betrayed we . she be only go to a doctor -- a psychiatrist . mrs . redi but she tell he , france . she tell he about we . mr. brun ( to france ) I know this be difficult for you . I know that you love she . france she do not betray we ! mr. brun even if I believe that , I would still consider she dangerous . there be the matter of Irving August 's death . without consulting I , Mrs. redi be illíadvise enough to have the body remove by Leo and durk . this make we all a party to the crime . what if there be a trial ? what if jacqueline be ask how the body be remove ? do you think , france , she would keep silent ? there be a long pause . he look around the circle . mr. brun it be a very real danger and one which force we decision . mrs . redi what about judd -- he know about we . mrs . cortez he will come to we of himself —— the man be evil . mr. brun and jacqueline 's sister ? mrs . redi I have take care of Mary . I have speak to she . she 's go back to school . mr. brun then it be decide . Leo and durk and I will make we plan . france fall begin to cry . outside the streetlight go on . int . jason be room - night it be a small room with a skylight . there be no curtain on the skylight . behind it the night sky can be see , and occasionally the beam of a searchlight cut across . there be a bed , a easy chair and a desk with a typewriter stand beside it . the wall of the room be almost hide by bookcase and book , and even the mantel bear a burden of numerous volume . Jason be seat at he desk , turn toward the typewriter . he type a line , read it inaudibly and at the same time beat out the rhythm with he leave hand on the desk top . evidently it scan , because he type another line and be about to repeat the rhythmic test on it , when there be a small knock on the door . he get up , cross the room and open the door . Mary stand outside . she be dress in the little travel suit she wear in the first sequence and wear a hat . jason ( pull she into the room ) Mary ! he shut the door behind she , then stand to watch she as she look around the room . he smile happily . jason Mary this be so wonderful ! Mary look at he questioningly . jason you be here -- you come so unexpectedly -' it 's a wish come true -- he take she hand and lead she further into the room . jason I want you to see my room . I want you to see all of it . mary ( smile ) but it 's a small room , Jason . jason it 's grow big with time -- I have live here with the romari 's for ten year -- the room 's become part of I . I want you to see it —— to know I better . he wave at the bookcase . jason my book -- he lead forward a step and bend down to touch a batter little tavern table of old maple wood . jason my furniture -- he draw she forward still another step toward the desk and point to the window . jason my window - - through which I see the world . mary ( look toward the night sky ) it 's beautiful -- that searchlight - the star -- jason it 's not a searchlight —— it 's a sword blade cut the blue cloak of a prince —- not star -- mary ( interrupt ; turn to face he ) Jason , I be go back to highcliffe . I come to say good - by . Jason look at she . he be silent , but he face show she he concern . jason ( smile ) I think you come up here to the third floor to see I —-that it be you advent into my world . it turn out to be good - by . why ? mary I have to go —- jason but you be happy here -- you like you work —- he suddenly sense the compulsion that have be in she word . jason it be not that -- you say , " have to go . " what could compel you -- mary do not make I tell you , Jason . jason I think myself you friend , Mary . just good - bye be not enough for a friend . Mary turn away , close to tear . Jason stand look at she . jason ( in a low voice ) I have begin to write again -—that 's whet I be do when you come in . mary it 's because of jacqueline —— I can not go on look for she -- jason you go to see Mrs. redi ... she tell you something -- what be it ? mary jacqueline be a murderess she kill a man . jason ( incredulous ) and you believe that ? mary I have to . it be Irving August -- everything Mrs. redi say -' it fit in with what I see -' she even know I would see he body on the subway . Jason think for a moment . jason if it be true '' there 's all the more reason for you to find jacqueline . mary and Gregory -- he love she . jason he love you , Mary , and you will have to tell he . mary he 's jacqueline 's husband . I can not she begin to cry . Jason put he arm about she shoulder . jason you can not tell he -- you can not even dream of loving he -- you feel guilty for not have have love enough for jacqueline to save she from whatever it be that take she away -- I know that feel . they stand for a moment silently . jason but you have get to tell he about jacqueline —- if only for the practical reason that he 's a lawyer and will know what to do . I be go to phone he . Jason drop he arm from she shoulder and start for the phone . dissolve int . jason be room - night Gregory Ward be stride up and down the room . he seem greatly perturb . he speak and the camera pull back to show Mary and Jason , both seat and both watch he as he stride . gregory she 's get to be find . that 's the first step . she 's get to be find so that she can give herself up to the police . mary we have try so long to find she . jason judd could tell we -- if he would . Gregory stop in front of Jason . gregory do you think he know about this ? jason ( shaking he head ) I do not know . gregory he 's clever and he 's cautious in he way . if he know I think he would advise she to do what I want —- surrender herself to the police —— stand trial —— I do not think he know . jason we could tell he . Gregory stride on again to the end of the room , then turn to Jason . gregory could you find he ? jason I suppose so . I can pick he up somewhere . Jason pick up he overcoat from the foot of the bed , and take he hat in he hand . mary Jason , I sometimes wonder ——you be so sweet to I —- so kind and sympathetic -- I do not know how I can ever thank you . Jason look at she for a moment . jason thank I ? you do not need to thank I . he look at she again and then at Gregory Ward . evidently some idea have pass through he mind , because he turn from Mary , cross to the table , pick up a manuscript and put it into a large manila envelope . gregory ( point ) what 's that ? jason ( with a smile ) verse -- verse that I write . I need it . he put the envelope under he arm and start toward the door . dissolve ext . greenwich village STREET - night judd walk along unconcern and seemingly unaware that on the opposite side of the street Jason be patiently follow he . he see he image reflect in a weigh machine mirror and turn to he . the two man wave a friendly " hello . " Jason duck out of sight around a corner for a moment and then take up judd 's trail again . judd pass into a small apartment house . Jason follow a moment later . int . apartment house hallway - night there be a self—service elevator . Jason come in and see that the elevator be in use and the sign " in use " be glow , and the fourth floor button be red . he wait patiently for the elevator to stop and press the " down " button . when it return to the first floor he open the outer door , then the inner grill , and be about to step in when judd suddenly appear from the other side of the elevator , reach in and tap he on the shoulder . Jason turn around , surprised . judd ( smile ) do not bother go up . I can do this all night , Jason . watch . he draw Jason out of the elevator , let the grill door slide shut , pass he hand through the grillwork , push the button and send the elevator up empty . Jason grin and shake he head . judd take a cigarette packet from he pocket and pass it to Jason . judd follow I to find jacqueline ? jason ( grin ) uh—huh . judd well , it will not work . Love and understanding will not make a good detective out of a recalcitrant poet . jason ( smile ) actually I want to ask two favor of you -- one as a poet —— one as a detective . judd it sound strange , and I be go to be very wary . Jason reach into he overcoat pocket and pull out the manila envelope contain the manuscript . jason some time ago you speak about my write again . I want you help . I would like you to bring this to you publisher . judd take the envelope and start to open it , look up at Jason . judd this be curious , Jason . half the time you talk as if Shakespeare be not fit to tie you shoemlace ; now this sudden humility . jason I should like people to read what I have write . judd look at he and tap the envelope . judd and this poetry —— like the poetry you write before extol the passion and beauty of life ? jason it go beyond that . it praise the goodness of God and the greatness of all his work . judd ( look at he quizzically ) I hope it find as much favor as you other book -- but somehow I doubt it -- the time be out of tune . jason why not let you publisher judge that ? judd start for the door , but Jason take a quick step after he and lay hold of he arm . jason wait —- there be that other favor . judd I would forget . jason tell I where jacqueline be -' we have get to find she . judd ( grin ) you do not expect I to do that do you ? jason yes . when I tell you . judd ( scornfully interrupt ) tell I what ? jason you will have good enough sense to tell we where she be -' when you know she 's a murderess . she kill a man . dissolve out dissolve in ext . STREET - cherry lane - night Mary , Gregory , Jason and judd come around the corner and start up the lane . Gregory and Mary walk together and judd walk with Jason behind they . Mary and Gregory go past the camera . as judd and Jason come abreast of the camera it dolly with they . judd tell I , why this sudden desire to publish '' to awaken like Byron and find yourself famous . jason I think it 's time . judd no other reason —— no woman ——not the little miss Gibson ? Jason walk on without answer . jason perhaps . judd ( very sincerely ) I will do all I can to help . I will go to my publisher tomorrow . ext . house in cherry lane - night the little group of people come up to it . it be a mean little house . Mary look up at the dark window , glance at the garbage can full of refuse near the door , and shudder . Dr. judd take a key from he pocket and open the front door . the hallway be dimly light by a bare electric bulb . at the back can be see a angular stairway . judd wait . I will call she . he go into the house and the rest stand together on the stoop look in through the open door . judd cross the hall and stand at the front of the stair , call up to jacqueline . judd jacqueline , this be judd . there be no answer . he wait a moment , then call again . judd jacqueline . there be a frighten strain voice , that answer ; a voice that seem to have come up through layer of heavy sleep , emerge only to be frighten . jacqueline's voice who be it ? judd judd . I be here with you sister . come on down . judd go forward and stand by the banister . Mary stand at one side with Jason , and Gregory at the other side . they wait . very slowly jacqueline come down the stair . she have on she nightgown and over it a fur coat . her hair be loose about she shoulder , she eye be wide and apprehensive . judd put out he hand to help she down the last few step . Mary go into the light hall . the two sister look at each other for a moment , then go into each other arm . judd lean against the banister , watch . finally , they break from they embrace . Mary be cry and jacqueline be half - laugh , half - cry . she hold Mary off at arm 's length , look at she . jacqueline Mary ! she see the two man in the doorway , and start back fearfully . Gregory step forward . gregory jacqueline . she stand quite still , look at he nervously . gregory it 's all right . jacqueline turn back to judd and move a little in he direction . judd continue to lean against the banister , smile . gregory you be safe . nothing be go to hurt you . judd you husband seem very sure of that . again she look from one to the other . gregory yes . I be very sure there 's only one way to protect you -- to help you you have get to come with we -- let I do all that I can as a lawyer to straighten out Irving August 's death . jacqueline you know ? gregory yes . mary you must come with we , darling . you must let we help you . Mary extend she arm to she sister and jacqueline go into they . judd ( to Jason ) for I -' this seem to be the end of a delightful relationship . judd smile and shrug he shoulder . dissolve int . jason's apartment - night there be a bright fire in the fireplace . Jason be crouch before the fire . he have a coffee pot set up on the edge of three brick inside the fireplace , and on the hearth be a reflector baker with biscuit baking in it . a bottle of cream and other oddment and endment of he culinary art be strewn about on the hearth . jacqueline be seat before the fire in a armchair with Mary at she foot . Mary 's head be rest against jacqueline 's knee . Gregory sit on a straight chair , a little uncomfortable , and face they from the other side of the fire . judd lounge on the bed . Jason wrap a tea towel around he hand and reach in the fireplace for the coffee pot . he pour out a cup of coffee and then with the same wrap hand snatch a biscuit from the baker , and put it on the edge of the coffee saucer . he hand it to jacqueline . her hand tremble as she take it . jason ( as he pass the coffee ) here , this will put some life into you . jacqueline ( look fixedly into the fire ) it 's like come back to life . gregory jacqueline , it would be so much easier if you would tell I just what happen . I would know what to do for you . jacqueline shake she head , mary please , jacqueline . jacqueline you know about the palladist -- you know who they be -- what they be . I be one of they . she pause , and judd in move from he place on the bed , speak . judd jacqueline be always a sensationalist , try to seize onto something -- anything -- in order to find happiness . through Mrs. redi she stumble onto the palladist movement —- it appeal to she . jacqueline ( shudder ) I be not happy with they -- want to break away —— be miserable . I go to Louis for help . they feel that I have betrayed they . they want I to die -- to kill myself . they keep I lock up at La jeunesse . I be there such a long time . she stop . judd you can imagine the effect of such imprisonment on jacqueline . jacqueline I be terrify . the darkness in the corner of the room -- the little noise . then one night the door open -- a man come in —— tip'toeing in . I have a scissors in my hand -- I strike at he , I run away . he be lie in the hall with the blood around he . she shudder . mary ( comforting she ) do not . we know what happen . do not go on . gregory any court in the land would understand . we will wait a few day -- let you rest -- then we will go to the police . mary it will all be over in such a little while , jacqueline , and everything will be all right again . drink you coffee . jacqueline raise the cup to she lip and sip . Jason busy himself at the fire again . gregory I think I might close up the apartment -- maybe get a place in Connecticut . mary you would love that , Jackie . remember that last summer with mother in the berkshire ? you use to help the gardener . judd yes . you could become a country wife -- fool around with petunias and pullet . mary it will be fun meeting Gregory every night at the station . Jason look at she . jacqueline no . gregory all right jacqueline , I think you would like it . we could just stay on at the apartment . jacqueline I never like the apartment . jason I like it . I have always love the story -- man , know that he could not have the woman he love and woo she for he friend . we be friend , be not we , Gregory ? Gregory turn away self - consciously . jacqueline continue to look into the fire without answer . judd look over at Jason . he see what plan lie in the poet 's mind . get to he foot , he cross to jacqueline and Mary . judd it 's be a hard evening for both of you . perhaps you would better take jacqueline to you room , Mary . she take the cup from jacqueline 's hand and put it on the mantel . jacqueline rise ; Mary put she arm around she waist , and they start for the door . gregory good night , jacqueline -- good night , Mary . mary good night . jacqueline do not answer . the two girl pass out of the door , and Mary close the door behind she . judd ( turn to Jason ) I be afraid this be no time to play cyrano , my friend . what be in you mind ? jason I want to get thing clear for jacqueline . let she know -- gregory let she know what ? jason that you love Mary . Gregory shake he head . jason she will have to know some time . gregory not from I . he move off toward the door . judd linger for a moment . judd I suppose , Jason , that you will speak for you friend -- ( indicate Gregory ) -- and you poetry will speak for you . jason perhaps fade out fade in ext . dante restaurant - morning the house door open , and Mary come out onto the stoop dress for the street . jacqueline be with she , but remain in the doorway . jacqueline be dress in a negligee . Mary step into the bright morning sunlight . somewhere down the street a hurdy - gurdy be play , and along the sidewalk pass child on they way to school , they face fresh scrubbed , book under they arm . Mary kiss jacqueline . mary good-bye , darling . I will only be go until three . jacqueline good-bye . mary if you get lonely , go down and see Mrs. romari . I tell she you be stay with I . jacqueline I will not get lonely . Mary run down the stair . at the foot of the stair she turn to smile at jacqueline . jacqueline smile back sadly . Mary turn , walk off a few step , then turn back again . mary you will be all right ? jacqueline yes . Mary wave and go off . dissolve int . mrs . cortez ' apartment - morning the camera be fix at the spot in the apartment where the palladist have group themselves during the meeting . there be no one present , but the chair be still in the same disorderly pattern to which they have be pull during the meeting . there be the sound of a door buzzer , and the light tread of foot as someone cross the room at the other end and answer the door . the door can be hear open . mrs . cortez ' voice Louis judd ! I be amaze to see you . judd' voice I be sorry , Natalie . I would not have disturb you if it be not for a matter of grave concern to I . Mrs cortez and judd come into the scene she be in negligee . he be dress in street clothes with he overcoat over he arm and hat in band . he stop and look moodily at the oddly space collection of chair . Mrs. cortez seat herself on the arm of the sofa . mrs . cortez ( smile ) I think nothing concerned you , Louis . he stand silently stare . mrs . cortez be it about jacqueline ? judd ( with the air of one who dismiss a trivial matter ) no . she 's no longer under my care . Mrs. cortez look at he in astonishment . he be too absorb to notice this start on she part . judd I do not know how to begin this , Natalie . perhaps it 's best to just plunge in . I want to join you . mrs . cortez ( smile ) we always know you would come to we , Louis . judd but I be not come to you out of deep conviction , I be come to you out of loss . I no longer can believe in the power and the rightness of thing that be call good . mrs . cortez I never think you do . judd I have talk nonsense . I have scoff and hoote -- but somewhere very deep down in I , I always feel that good hold the balance of power . mrs . cortez you be even sentimental about it . what make you change you mind ? judd hold up a large manila envelope . judd this . they be Jason 's poem , and they have be reject by m publisher . Mrs. cortez laugh . mrs . cortez this be incredible I it must be some sort of a joke . judd I be very , very serious . mrs . cortez ( quite seriously ) but you have never like Jason . you always laugh at he - - quarrele with he -- judd and I love and admire he more than any man I ever know . I read this poem . he 's lose he talent and he be a really great gift . what I have to do today -- to bring he this reject manuscript -—will be the most dishearten thing I have ever do and the most disillusion . judd start for the door . Mrs. cortez go with he . mrs . cortez ( smile , still quite social ) this be the most amusing thing I have ever hear and with a bit of gossip to season it —— you failure with jacqueline . have she return to she husband ? judd ( carelessly ) no , she 's with she sister , judd leave . Mrs. cortez watch he go . dissolve int . kindergarten classroom - day Mary be seat on a straight - back chair , and the child around she in a circle , some seat on the floor , some stand in the second row . they be sing . mary and children' voice orange and lemon say the bell of St. clemen you owe I five farthing say the bell of St. Martin when will you pay I say the bell of St. Bailey that I do not know say the great bell of bow . the child laugh delightedly and be so busy with they mirth that they forget to sing the next verse . Mary , smile at they glee , go on alone . the telephone at she desk ring . mary here come a candle to light you to bed here come a chopper to chop off you head . Mary , still sing , cross the room and mimic the chopping gesture of the last phrase as she reach for the phone . mary ( into phone ) yes , this be Mary ... she listen . mary but she could not have go out . no . be you sure it be not Jason she go with , or Mr. Ward ? two man ? no . as she speak , it can be see she be greatly excited . she listen a moment . mary I will get home as soon as I can , Mr. romari . she put down the telephone and cross over to where the child be group . mary Children , I want you to be very good and very quiet while I see Mrs. wheeler a moment . she 's go to take over this class for a while . nancy why mary because I have something very important to do . nancy what ? mary I will be right back with Mrs. wheeler . nancy when ? Mary go out the door . dissolve to : int . mrs . cortez ' apartment - noon jacqueline be seat in a high - back chair . the light from the window shine directly into she face . before she be a little tabouret on which stand a single glass contain some colorless liquid . her face be very white . around she , some seat , and some stand , be the palladist . brun stand near she chair , look down at she . brun the acceptance of a secret be a obligation and in this case my dear , the obligation carry with it the necessity of die if one betrayed that secret . you understand that do not you ? jacqueline yes , I understand . brun then , you also understand that you must die . jacqueline no . brun shrug . mrs . cortez jacqueline , you have speak so often of end it all , I can not understand why this should be so difficult for you . you have only to drink a little . mrs . redi yes , jacqueline . you be always talk suicide - - of end you life when you want to . jacqueline when I want to . brun it do not matter . you want to now . you should want to . it 's you obligation , you duty . mrs . redi you have only to stretch out you hand , take up the glass and drink a little . mrs . cortez it will not hurt . jacqueline ( firmly space she word ; evenly but not hysterically ) no. no. no. tnt . jason's apartment - early evening Jason stare at the window look at the darken sky . judd be still wear he overcoat and sit on the bed , stare at he . judd both Harrison and conroy read you stuff . they feel as I do -- old fashioned sentiment -- weak -- the two man be silent for a moment . judd you take this all very well , Jason . I think you would be much more bitter , but tell I -' why be it you be suddenly move to publish ? you want to bring fame to lay at she foot . and now ? Jason shrug . judd I do not suppose you will ever tell she , will you ? jason she be very young -- I have a old habit of failure . it would be a bad habit to bring to a marriage . judd a book of successful verse might have change that , eh ? jason it might have . there be a long silence . judd you have a strange kind of courage , Jason . perhaps you have courage enough to hear what I have be keep from you all this year . Jason look up . judd that girl you love -' that other patient of mine -' she do not disappear . she 's in a asylum - —a horrible , rave thing . I never want you to know . Jason look at he for a long moment . jason - ——and all the while you have be my friend . judd nod . dissolve int . mrs. cqrtez ' apartment - late evening the room be almost dark . the lamp have not yet be light . only jacqueline 's white and torture feature catch the last cold light from the window . the rest of the palladist be in darkness . at the piano someone sit play . it be Mrs. cortez . she play with only one hand , with a deadly monotony and a curious unevenness . jacqueline ( who be weak and tired ) May I have some water ? I be thirsty . brun drink . jacqueline no . brun you will not get any water and you will not get any rest . you may as well drink . jacqueline make no answer . mrs . redi there 's nothing to live for . jacqueline . remember —— you give I La jeunesse . jacqueline yes . mrs . cortez it may not mean anything to you , jacqueline but what about you youth , you beauty ? it 's all go , and you be proud . prouder than I ever be of my dance jacqueline . I remember when this happen -' ( touch she arm ) this rob I of my dance urobbed I of my skill . I remember how lose I be until I find peace . you have lose that peace , jacqueline . you have betrayed evil . there 's nothing leave . jacqueline there 's my husband . mrs . redi ( laugh ) Little you care about he . jacqueline shudder . Mrs. redi bend over the little tabouret and push the glass of poison closer to jacqueline . jacqueline shrink away , scream hysterically . jacqueline no. no. Mrs. cortez turn back to play the piano and drow she out . dissolve to : ext . dante restaurant - night Jason and judd come out of the house and start down though stair when they be midway down the stair the restaurant door open and Mary come out and go across the little open space toward the street step . judd and Jason arc talk as they go . judd if you like , I will go with you to dinner . jason I would like that . Mary hear he voice and look up . mary Jason . the two man turn toward the stair rail and bend over it toward Mary . mary I can not find Gregory . I have be try to find he . jason what 's wrong , Mary ? mary jacqueline . Mr. romari phone I . she go out this afternoon with two man he would never see before . jason they may have be friend of hers . judd no , she would not have go with anyone unless she be compel . all this month of hide have make she frighten of the street and people . I wonder -- Jason come down to the street level and take Mary 's hand comfortingly . jason what ? judd they may have find she . ( he think a minute ) Mrs. cortez -' this morning I tell she jacqueline be no longer under my care . mary would they hurt she ? judd I do not know . jason you would better go to you room , Mary and wait for we . he take Mary 's arm and turn she toward the stair . dissolve out dissolve in : int . mrs . cortez ' apartment - night only two lamp be light , one a small table lamp and the other a tall stand lamp which throw a pool of light around jacqueline . the beam of the other lamp gleam on the eye in the dark face around she . there be a deep silence in the apartment . after a moment , brun ' voice , grow hoarse , can be hear speak from the shadow . brun ' voice go ahead , jacqueline go ahead ! the word drop into the silence like stone in a pool of still water , and the silence close over they , jacqueline move she position a little bit . her movement be slow and she move without disturbing the stillness of the room . Mrs. cortez ' light voice come in . mrs . cortez it be late -' again there be silence , end again jacqueline shift she position just a little bit . suddenly the stillness of the scene , the almost tableau arrangement of the character , be shattered . france fallon jump hysterically to she foot . france ( hysterically ; completely unnerve ) drink jacqueline ! drink ! you have get to drink . there 's nothing else . drink ! drink ! drink ! I can not stand this . you have get to . very slowly jacqueline 's hand go forward and seize the stem of the glass . slowly she bring it up to she lip . france , suddenly , knock the glass from she hand . it go crash to the floor . france , sobbing , fall at jacqueline 's foot , embrace she knee and weep bitterly . france ( sobbing ) no , no . I could not see you die . you be so good to I -' so good to I . I be never happier than when I work for you —— never . Mrs cortez reach back of she and snap on the wall light . the whole room be fill with a hard , white light . jacqueline have not move . france continue to sob at she knee . the rest get up stiffly and move awkwardly about . brun and Leo whisper together . brun come over to jacqueline end stand before she . brun you can go . the decision be against violence . there may be another decision —— today - —tomorrow —— and we will find you , but now you can go . jacqueline make no move to rise , but continue to sit with a dead , set face , look ahead of she , with france still weep at she knee . brun take she arm roughly and pull she to she foot . in the background Leo can be see go out of the room . brun I tell you you could go . she seem to be aware of what he have say for the first time . she start for the door , almost stumbling as she walk . jacqueline go through the front door without look back and without close the door behind she . Mrs. cortez walk forward and shut the door . dissolve ext . WASHINGTON news - night jacqueline come out of Mrs. cortez ' apartment and stand for a moment in a broad patch of light throw by the open door . behind she this door close and she be suddenly in darkness . she look apprehensively into the shadow and then quite hesitantly begin to walk to the right . at the end of the street the brighter light of fifth Avenue can be see . Washington News , itself , be full of dark shadow . she be exhaust and unnerve . she walk slowly . she pass one place where the outujutte of the building cast a deeper shadow on the sidewalk . a garbage can be set behind the outujutte , this and the bough of a old ailanthus combine to cast a man-like shadow beside the shadow of the building . jacqueline pause , peer intently into the shadow , then summon up courage enough to pass . she walk quickly past the out-jutte building . somewhat relieved , she walk a little bit more confidently . suddenly , there be a clatter and bang of metal behind she . she gasp , startle , and whirl around a white dog with a long bony tail slink away from a garbage can . the lid of this can be still oscillate from its fall and roll . jacqueline draw she coat more closely about she and go on . ahead of she , throw by the thin light from a transom above a door , be the enormously long shadow of a man across the sidewalk and across the street . she hesitates then start to cross the street diagonally , look back all the while at the doorway . from the center of the street it can be see that a man stand there . with he stand a woman , she figure somewhat lose in the doorway . they be say good night . on the opposite side of the street , jacqueline hurry toward the Avenue . ext . the avenue - night with evident relief , jacqueline come out of the darkness of Washington News to the more brightly light avenue . traffic be pass and people be all about she . she start off up the avenue with confidence . then some premonition make she turn . only a few pace behind she be Leo , and there be a grin on he lean , satyr - like face . she hurry she step . behind she Leo quicken he pace . it she peer into the face of passer - by , seek some unpreoccupy person who might be sympathetic and helpful . people pass she , intent on they own business and without concern . she begin to run . Leo merely lengthen he stride . it be easy for he to keep up with she . a few people turn they head to watch she run , but Leo 's long stride attract no attention . suddenly , in desperation , she dash across the street . a cab narrowly miss hit she and a bus , come from the other direction , have to stop with a appall scream and roar of brake . jacqueline , shake , out of breath and tremble , reach the other corner of the- street . she pause for a moment to take a deep breath . she look back of ' she . there be no sign of leo. again she start on and from the shadow of a light standard a deeper shadow detach itself and step out behind she . it be Leo and he be grin . she see he and begin to run down the cross street . she run wildly . Leo , at first lengthen he stride , and then suddenly break into a lope -' a lope that will bring he up to she within a instant . she duck into a alley and be lose in the darkness . she hide in a corner amid some debris , crouching back out of the light . Leo plunge ahead in pursuit . jacqueline stand a moment as the sound of he footstep diminish , then turn back and begin run down the street . ahead of she , a dark slim figure , not unlike Leo 's , be walk up the street toward she . she dodge into the next alley . this be a alley behind a theatre . it be cluttere with all sort of strange impedimenta ; flat , crate , etc . there be a overhead lamp burn in the center of the alley , but the periphery of the light beneath it , do not extend to the wall of the alley . the area immediately adjacent to this wall be heavy with darkness and strange shadow . jacqueline stand in the middle of the pool of light and listen . it seem to she that she can hear in the darkness the soft tap - tap of someone walk on he toe . she shrink back from the bright light into the darkness and begin to grope she way along the wall , she be go from leave to right . a sound at she right attract she attention and she look off , but continue to grope she way along the wall to the leave . her hand pass from the roughness of the wall to the smoothness of cloth and a split second later , Leo , whom she have touch , grin as he seize she wrist . she scream and then silently struggle to free herself . still smile he hold she firmly with he right band . with he leave hand he draw something from he pocket . he press a button on this and a four-and a-half inch knife blade flash out . jacqueline stand stock still with fright . Leo 's hand go back for the blow . at the opposite side of the alley a door be suddenly throw wide open and a great patch of light be throw on jacqueline and Leo . he put the knife behind he back . out of the door come half a dozen people in costume . they be member of a ballet company perform in the theatre . also there emerge the sound of loud and merry music . the actor be in a gay mood laugh and shouting . one of they break into a half dance step . it be infectious and the rest join in , make a sort of carmagnole that sweep down the alley . jacqueline break from Leo 's hand -hold on she wrist and run in among they . one of the dancer be a enormous man dress in Roman half armor to represent the god gambrinus , with gild hop bloom as a garland about he shoulder and wear a papier mache mask , surmounted by crown of similarly gild hop leave and wheat . the face of the mask be a grin , jolly , rubicund visage . it be next to this enormous man that jacqueline find herself . in sportive mood the giant dancer sweep she up with one arm , force she to dance he grotesque step . jacqueline please . please . let I down . there 's a man follow I . dancer ( in a booming voice ) I should not wonder , Babe . I should not wonder . jacqueline I be serious —— help I . dancer I will help you to a beer and a sandwich . come along , babe , come along . the whole party of dancer with jacqueline among they , go roaring out of the alley . ext . STREET corner - night on the street corner be a beer saloon . the dancer , some of they still skip and dance , come around and go into the brilliantly light saloon . the dancer with jacqueline try to pull she into the saloon . she fight away from he . laugh and slapping he thigh in mirth , he leave she and pass into the saloon . she be leave alone in the street . she make a halfuheart movement to adjust she disarranged clothing . slowly , with great weariness , she begin to walk away from the saloon , go further and further into the darkness . she look around . the darkness frighten she . she look back . there be the warm glow of light from the saloon window . she start to go back . from the light end of the street a man cross to the same side of the street as jacqueline . his silhouette somewhat resemble the silhouette of Leo . she turn , run and be lose in the darkness . dissolve out dissolve in int . mrs . cortez ' apartment - night the palladist , with the exception of Leo , be all here and all seat . judd , still wear he overcoat , be seat in a small chair face they and beside he stand Jason . judd now that you have hound and worried she half to death , you do not oven know where she be . at least tell I , have she be here ? mr. brun she be here for a little while . judd and what happen ? mr. brun nothing . she leave here a hour or so ago . she may even be home now . why do not you try it ? judd all right , Jason . judd get up and they start for the door . half - way to the door , Jason stop and turn around . judd also turn . jason ( look around the room and peer at each person in turn ) the devil worshiper -- the lover off evil . it 's a joke - —a pathetic little joke . mr. brun we have not ask you opinion . jason I propose to give it to you anyway . you be a poor , wretch group of people who have take the wrong turn . mr. brun wrong ? who know what be right or wrong ? jason I can prove you wrong so simply listen : ( he bow he head and recite very quietly ) we father who art in heaven hallow be thy name thy kingdom come , thy will be do on earth as it be in heaven . give we this day , we daily bread forgive we we trespasp as we forgive that who trespass against we . lead we not into temptation but deliver we from evil for thine be the kingdom , the power and the glory forever . amen . as he pray , the camera move from one off the palladist to another . tear form in france fallon 's eye . Mrs. redi turn she head . even brun , the ardent and fanatical believer , choke back a sob . both man turn and go . the camera hold on the palladist group . dissolve ext . dante restaurant - night jacqueline , still run , come into the scene and go up the step . she open the front door and let herself in . int . upper stair - hallway - dante - night the gas light have be turn down so that there be only a tiny flame to illuminate the hall . the draft in the hallway stir this little flame and the shadow move with it . jacqueline come up the stair . now that she can be see more closely , it can be see also that she be exhaust , she eye wild , she hair in disorder . she almost stagger as she reach the landing and go slowly support herself on the banister , toward Mary 's door . her way bring she past room # 7 , the room with the noose . for a moment she stand weakly stare at the door , then go on . she have reach Mary 's room , have cross the narrow hallway and she hand be almost on the knob when mimi 's door open and mimi , white night_gown , come out into the eerie gas light . jacqueline look at she face which be distort and horrible in the move shadow and flicker light . she stifles a scream . the other girl be also frighten . the two stand stare at each other for a moment . jacqueline ( weakly ) who be you ? mimi I be mimi -- I be die . jacqueline no ! mimi yes . it 's be quiet , oh ever so quiet . I hardly move , yet it keep come all the time -—closer and closer . I rest and rest and yet I be die . jacqueline and you do not want to die . I have always want to die -- always . mimi I be afraid . jacqueline shake she head . mimi ( cont 'd ) I be tired of be afraid -' of wait . jacqueline why wait ? mimi ( with sudden determination ) I be not go to wait . I be go out -- laugh , dance -- do all the thing I use to do . jacqueline and then ? mimi I do not know . jacqueline ( very softly end almost with envy ) you will die . but mimi have already turn back into she room . jacqueline stand watch until the light snap on in mimi 's room and then the door close , plunge the hall into weird half light again . in this semi-darkness , she turn away from Mary 's door and walk down the hall toward room # 7 . she open the door and go in . for a brief moment the light from the hall cast the shadow of a noose against the further wall of the room and then the door close behind she . int . mary room - night the room be light by a single little lamp on the dress table '' Mary herself stand near the window , look out . Gregory be talk over the telephone . from downstairs we hear Mrs. romari sing . the song come faintly to this upper story . she be sing a italian song . the word be Dante 's : mrs . romari' voice ( sing ) death , why hast thou make life so hard to bear , take my lady hence ? East thou no whit or shame ? the youngest flower and the most fair thou hast pluck'd . away and the world wanteth it . Gregory put down the telephone and cross to the window . gregory that be Dr. judd . he be phone to say that , jacqueline be on she way here - mary Gregory —— ( pause then go on ) you would better take jacqueline with you tonight . gregory it 's what I should have do yesterday . I will take she away somewhere where she can rest . Mary turn back toward the window . Gregory stand watch she . gregory Mary . she turn toward he . he put he hand on she shoulder and turn she back to the window . gregory no . stay that way . I want to talk to you . I love you -' you know that ? mary ( in a choke voice ) yes . gregory perhaps , later , when thing be settle , when jacqueline 's well again -- maybe we can arrange thing differently . Mary turn and face he . mary I have never love any one before , Gregory , and I do love you -' you must know it -- but jacqueline 's my sister —— whom I have lose and have find again .... ( break off , ) ( shaking she ) ( head ) gregory I know —— I should not have tell you— mary no , I be glad .... at least I have hear you say it ... Mary shake she head , turn back toward the window . they stand together for a moment . from below come the sound of Mrs. romari 's sing . dissolve int . second floor hall - dante restaurant - night the camera be levele on the empty hall . from downstairs can be hear the sound of Mrs. romari sing . then mimi 's door open and mimi sweep out , dress in a black dress , gleam with sequin , she hair pile high , she walk proud and steady . she come down the hall toward the camera . just as she reach the door of # 7 , there be the sound of a over'turn chair fall . she pause and look toward the door . there be the creak sound of the rope . she listen for a instant , and fail to comprehend , sweep on past the camera . int . dante restaurant - morning it be a bright day and the sunlit street can be see through the window . Children be hurry by on they way to school , at a table near the window Mary sit with Gregory . she have be cry and have she sodden handkerchief in she hand . Gregory have a pre-occupy air and be trace figure on the table cloth with he fork . Jason come in bear a small tray with three tiny cup of coffee on it . he put a cup in front of each of they and keep one for himself . he sip he coffee . neither Mary nor Gregory touch theirs Jason push Mary 's cup toward she to attract she attention , she pick it up and bring it to she lip . jason I hate people who try to pedal comfort . but , Mary , you should not mourn for jacqueline . life for she be full of the agony of a disorder mind . it 's better this way . mary I keep tell myself that . gregory well , tell yourself , Mary , that this be a world that do not pass with the pass of any one of we . all three of we be go to start afresh . he look up and across at Jason with a meaningful glance at Mary . gregory you and I have new hope —— and new plan can come from they —— Jason look at he across Mary and shake he head . jason not I —- I be alive , yet every hope I have be dead , ( turn to Mary ) death can be good . death can be happy .. if I be really die I could speak like cyrano -' " my courage like a white plume " '' and all the other lovely word with which he greet death . then perhaps you might understand , mary ( reach over to touch ( he band ) I understand . jason ( suddenly ) good . we all understand each other . you , Gregory and I . we all know . there be sunlight in the street and work to do . both of you -' you be off to work . he get up and take Mary 's arm , help she to rise . jason off with you . you can not sit here in this cellar with the sun shine . he hustle she toward the door and Gregory follow . Mary and Gregory ascend the step to the street level . Jason step back a pace or two so that he be background by the mural of Dante . he stand there , and the smile leave he face . his whole body reflect he hopelessness and despair . it be at this moment that Mrs. romari come hustling in from the kitchen . mrs . romari ah! good ! they have all go ! now you and I can laugh and joke again . he turn to she , force a smile . fade out the end < !-- / / file archive on 20011115124034 and retrieved from the // internet archive on 20031001101636 . // javascript appended by wayback machine , copyright internet archive . // all other content may also be protected by copyright ( 17 u.s.c. // section 108 ( a ) ( 3 ) ) . var swaybackcgi = " http://web.archive.org/web/20011115124034/ " ; function x lateurl ( acollection , sprop ) { var i = 0 ; for ( i = 0 ; i < acollection.length ; i+ + ) if ( acollection [ i ] [ 's prop].index of ( " mailto : " ) == - 1 && a Collection [ i ] [ 's prop].index of ( " javascript : " ) == - 1 ) a Collection [ i ] [ 's prop ] = swaybackcgi + a Collection [ i ] [ 's prop ] ; } if ( document.link ) xlateurl ( document.link , " href " ) ; if ( document.image ) xlateurl ( document.image , " src " ) ; if ( document.embeds ) xlateurl ( document.embeds , " src " ) ; if ( document.body && document.body.background ) document.body.background = swaybackcgi + document.body.background ; //-->