circle confusion the conjure by haye Brothers Los Angeles New York 8548 Washington boulevard 107-23 715 * Road , suite 300 culver City , CA 90232 Forest Hills , NY 11374 '' for we struggle be not against flesh and blood , but against the ruler , against the authority , against the power of the dark world , and against the spiritual force of evilin the heavenly realm . '' ephesian 6:12 the follow be base on a true story ... fade in on horse's hoove pound over a muddy , dirt road . wide to see - they belong to a team of horse pull a wagon . at the rein be judson sherman , early twenty . a ranch hand around he same age ride next to he . by the way they be dress , and the style of the wagon , we be somewhere in the late 1800' . judson 's lead the team toward a two -story y English style farm house with a cover porch in the distance . maple and Hickory tree tower around it . dull light stab out from several window . smoke plume from the fireplace . a large barn stand fifty yard away . pighten crack across a violent , dark sky , as_sunrise be 's just 's arting to break through the horizon . judson pull out a gold pocket watch . read : 5:15 . as he put he watch away , he hear something . cock he head -- there it be again -- a baby wailing -- but this be not a '' I be hungry or tired cry '' , this be swell eruption of excruciate pain . judson crack the rein hard -- the horse rear , then bolt like they be shot out of a cannon , kick up mud as they thunder faster to the house . the wail be almost more than judson can take as he drive the team right to the front door , and rein back hard , hopping off the wagon before it come to a halt , then -- -- just as he get to the front porch -- the wail stop . he do not . move to the front door . whip it open . a large grey cat scramble to get the hell out of there . almost trip he as he head in . int . farmhouse - foyer - continuous judson 's attention be immediately draw to a live room on he right , where the shadow of flame from the fireplace dance wickedly off the horrify look on he face . he just stare into it -- almost unable to comprehend what he 's see . Wood crackle . ( continued ) continued : as tear well , he slowly move deeper into the room -- it 's as if time have stand still for he . int . live room - continuous as he get closer and closer to the fireplace , the orange of the fire get brighter on he face , the crackle ouder . he stop before the hearth , then look to he foot , where a_ pair of tong , narrow knitting needle lie on the wood floor in a puddle of blood . he 's emotionally devastate . his peripheral vision pick up on something outside move quickly past a window . rage fill he face . he pivot . dash back out the front door , where -- ext . farmhouse - front porch - continuous -- judson leap off the porch and dash by the ranch hand who 's reign in the horse that seem spook . he pick up speed as he move around the side of the house , where he see a woman in a long grey dress , bare foot and lengthy jet black hair , dash into the barn and close the door behind she . judson get to the barn -- try to open the door , but it will not budge . he viciously pull on the handle over and over , testing the lock and hinge -- then finally throw he shoulder into it , break it open . int . barn - continuous judson race in . stop and listen . it 's cave dark -- the dawn light only penetrate the first few foot of the open . then -- -- post as he 's about to move in deeper , the back - end of a thick shovel swing out of the inky black and -- whack ! Hit judson in the face -- smash CUT to black : fade up to -- super - 1972 ext . farmhouse - harrisville rhode island - day a_1970 's wood panele station wagon , with New Jersey plate , drive down a gravel driveway . ( continued ) continued : roger ( v.0 . ) here we be --— a hundred yard back , now much older , be the same two - story fa ouse and barn . tree have grow . it 's be well care for . the station wagon come to a_stop in front of the house . get out be the driver , roger perron , a lean man in he early thirty and he wife carolyn , " who 's simply dress with she hair pull up -- also early thirty . hopping out of the back be they two girl , andrea ( 7 ) and cindy ( 15 ) , and the family 's black lab , sadie . everyone be excited , except for Cindy -- a mixture of raging hormone and adolescence . she take in she surroundings -- cindy oh my God , this place look so boring -- we be like in the middle of nowhere . as andrea enthusiastically run ahead to the porch , Roger turn to carolyn -- roger do you hear that ? she listen , but -- carolyn I do not hear anything . a slow grow smile crack across he face -- roger exactly . carolyn look over to open space between the house and the barn -- carolyn I see where I be put my garden . CUT to : ext . farmhouse - front porch - right after carolyn and the girl be next to Roger as he open the door . andrea dash in . . _andrea I get first dib on the room . Cindy look to she dad as she enter -- cindy do I get to pick my own room , or do I have no choice in that too ? ( continued ) continued : Roger 's eye meet carolyn 's -- who seem amused . carolyn this be why some animal eat they young . she give Roger a quick kiss as she enter . he playfully slap she on the butt . Roger turn to see sadie stand several foot back , stare in through the open door . there 's a deep intensity behind she dark eye -- she body rigid . Roger 's confuse . roger c'mon , girl . sadie take a reserve step backwards . keeps stare . roger ( cont would ) sadie , c’mon -- the dog remain still -- have no intention of get any closer . Roger let it go . roger ( cont would ) Dumb dog . dissolve to : int . perron house - foyer — afternoon Roger stand in the foyer , which open up to a hallway that run through the middle of the house . a staircase rise up one side . there 's a kitchen to he leave and the live room to he right . box be everywhere . it 's a bee hive of activity . two burly mover carefully maneuver a wooden gun case in through the front door . roger that go in the live room . they make the turn as another mover follow they in carry a heavy box . Roger read something handwritten across the top -- roger ( cont would ) just put that down in the cellar . it 's the last door at the end of the hall here . the guy continue on past he . dissolve to : int . perron kitchen - later that night carolyn stand at a counter next to a sink , unpack several knickknack from a box . surround 7.2 ass cabinet be all open , and already load with dish . ( continued ) continued : a large oak table and chair be set up in a nook with a hutch tuck tight against a wall opposite it . carolyn peel off pack paper from three wax monkey on a wooden stand ; hand over eye , ear and mouth , with a write caption underneath : '' hear no evil , see no evil , speak no evil . she set it on a window lédge over the sink . andrea come in carry a hand -made bird - feeder and chain that only a mother could love . andrea can I hang up my bird feeder ? carolyn of course . I think I see a hook on the back porch . andrea move to a back door . CUT to : ext . perron house - back porch - night -— continuous andrea come outside . bug have already start to use the porch light as a hub . a low mist hang above the ground like a bad dream . she see the hook she mom be talk about and carry the feeder over to it . as she get up on she tiptoe to hang it -- -- a hiss of a voice call her name ... voice andrea .... she slowly turn she head -- can not figure out where it 's come from as she scan the darkness . andrea ... hello ? no answer . more confuse than scared , she hang up the bird feeder . then just as she 's about to head inside , she spot a large , mangy - look grey cat pass by the bottom step of the porch -- it look oddly similar to the one in the open . andrea ( cont would ) oh , hello ... it continue walk . she head down the step to catch up . andrea ( cont would ) where have you come from ? c’mere kitty . ( continued ) continued : the cat walk around the corner of the house . CUT to : andrea 's pov - as she walk around the corner . there 's no cat . she look around for a place it could have go , but there be not one . her expression say it all -- that 's weird . CUT to : int . kitchen - back door - right after andrea come back in just as Roger enter from the hallway . in pass -- andrea be you call I ? roger no . as she walk away -- andrea I think there 's a cat that life here ... andrea continue out of the kitchen as Roger come up behind carolyn , who 's unpack a small clock . set it on the windowsill next to the monkey . he slide he arm around she and kiss she neck -- she like it . carolyn careful -- this may turn into something fun . roger ... if only I have the energy . ( beat ) I be think about run into town and grab a pizza at that place we pass . carolyn that have be great . she turn and face he . love this man dearly . carolyn ( cont would ) thank you for this . eat ) I know it be a lot for we to chew off , but it 's go to be great , be not it -- roger yeah -- it be . dissolve to : int . perron house - master bedroom - night a match bedroom set have be set up . numerous box be stack and wait to be unpack as -- -- carolyn pull some clothes from a wardrobe box at the foot of she bed and walk they into -- the closet just_as she begin to hang they up -- the noise of creaking wood draw she attention to the ceiling -- where it sound like someone 's try to walk quietly -- then it stop . she 's a little unnerve -- walk back out into the bedroom and crosses_to a nearby window . look out to a tree , its leave rustieng in the wind . she crane she head to see if any of the branch be touch the roof above the closet . can not tell just as she 's about to turn away , she notice sadie down in the yard not near the front porch below , nervously pace back and forth roger o.c . I do not know what she problem be . I have try ten time to get she to come inside . she turn , see Roger set a box down amongst the other . roger last box for tonight . I be beat . carolyn we can not just leave she out there , she might run away . roger I nil find something to tether she to . maybe a night outside will help change she mind . as Roger head back out -- carolyn you _were not just on the roof , be you ? he turn around -- huh ? carolyn ( cont have ) I hear something , sound like footstep . roger it 's a old house honey , it 's go to make some noise . ( continued ) continued : the light flicker for a moment -- roger ( cont would ) .-. oh great . carolyn maybe grab a flashlight too -- Roger head out . dissolve to : int . master bedroom - later carolyn 's eye open -- she 's awaken to what sound like the distant scream of hundred of child -- but that can not be right . she glance to Roger , who be sound asleep . she slip out of bed to investigate . CUT to : ext . house - back porch - right after carolyn come out the back door . listen -- it 's much louder . her attention be draw to the wood directly behind the house where the scream be come from . a hand touch she shoulder -- she about oem 's out of she skin . she whirl . Roger be stand right behind she . roger whoa -- sorry . carolyn slowly turn back around to face the wood . carolyn what be that ? roger ( amused ) Tree frog -- about as big as softball . they be fuck . she look back at he over she shoulder -- carolyn and you know this because ? roger I use to catch they as a kid at my Grand - dad 's . carolyn look back out into the night . carolyn sound like some pretty rough sex . Roger playfully pull she into a embrace -- ( continued ) continued : roger I think it 's go to take some time for this city girl to get use to this country live . carolyn I think you be right . she snuggle up -- carolyn ( cont would ) ( coy ) you still too tired ? roger that frog make you horny ? carolyn no -- you do . as they head in , carolyn 's gaze drift back over she shoulder one more time into the darkness -- still slightly uneasy . CUT to : ext . house - later Cloud have move in , , syallow any illumination from the moon and star , give the house a ill-bode resence . the frog have stop , replace by a ingere , unholy silence . dissolve to : int . house - upstair hallway - morning carolyn , wear a robe , come out of the bedroom -- side step a few box . Morning light streak in through several window , illuminate the fact that the perron be far from be unpack . the bathroom door open and Cindy stick she head out -- cindy do you think maybe we could have buy a house that have a toilet that work -- carolyn tell you dad . as carolyn walk away -- cindy and_ there be this really funky smell in my bedroom last night -- like something die . ( continued ) 10 . continued : carolyn be it there now ? cindy no. carolyn Problem solve . Cindy roll she eye , then retreat back into the bathroom . CUT to : int . house - stair - right after as carolyn pass a clock at the base of the stair , she notice that it read : 5:15 am . she stop , check she watch , reset the clock to 7:38 am . CUT to : int . kitchen - right after carolyn cross to a pack box on the counter . dig a kettle out of it . she move to the sink and as she turn on the water to fill it -- -- she freeze . on the window ledge before she be -- -- the three wax monkey -- but instead of be line up in a row like they be before , they be now face each other -- they head all melt into one , like some deform creature . she then notice that the small clock she put next to they have stop at 5:15 as well -- andrea o.c. mommy , where 's sadie ? carolyn turn to see andrea stand at the kitchen door . carolyn she 's out front . why do not you see if she will come in . she 's get to be hungry . andrea tear out of the kitchen , dodging Roger as he enter . roger slow down there , kiddo . he look to carolyn stand at the sink -- know something 's up . roger ( cont would ) what be it ? ( continued ) 11 . continued : she step aside , show he the monkey . as Roger approach -- roger ( cont would ) ...- damn . be the ledge hot ? carolyn ( a little spook ) not at all . ( beat ) and look at the clock -- it stop at 5:15 . so do the one in the hall . CUT to : ext . front of house - same andrea come out of the front door . she see a iron post pound into the ground with a chain snake off it . sadie 's tail be visible , but a full view of she be hide by a bush at the bottom of the stair . andrea sadie -- the tail remain motionless . andrea ( cont would ) wake up girl -- andrea take a step down to the next . she clap she hand together -- andrea ( cont have C 'mon girl -- time for breakfast ! there 's still no response -- andrea come down off the last step -- she blanch . her little lip start to tremble at what she see -- -- sadie lie dead on the ground , the chain wrap around she body like a anaconda -- she tongue protrude , limp ; she eye be dull , white . off andrea 's scream -- dissolve to : over black -- ed ( v.o . fear be define as a feel of agitation and anxiety cause by the presence or imminence of danger . I do not care if it 's a demon , a ghost , a spirit or a entity -- they all feed on it . ( beat ) take maurice here -- 12 . int . lecture hall - night ed and lorraine warren ( early thirty ) be up on a stage stand behind a podium . a audience of three hundred captivate college student be seat before they as rough film footage roll on a large screen of a oo ehotre look man , rail thin , late 20 's , sit in air . his eye be black , match he hair . his skin be pasty ite . a Catholic priest be next to he , recite Latin from a bible in barely audible word . ed -- he be a french canadian farmer with nothing more than a third grade education -- yet after be possess by a demon , speak some of the best Latin I have ever hear -- sometimes backwards . he have be molest by he father , who also expose he to bestiality . beat ) , evil find its home in this man because he be conflict , and force into this -- he never have a choice . ( beat ) he though he be save he wife by shoot she -- like he father do to he mother . lorraine if you look at he eye , you can see they tear blood onto he shirt . maurice 's white T-shirt slowly start to get blott with drip of blood ; dark , crimson red . he suddenly scream out in pain , he body writhe -- lorraine ( cont would ) and upside down cross start appear on he body . we see Ed lift up the side of maurice 's shirt , expose for the camera -- -- two upside down cross push out at he skin from the inside . camera close in . the audience can not believe what they be see . ed that 's good , Jerome , why do not you hit the light -- as the house light kick back on , we see jerome davis ( 20' ) , ed_and lorraine 's technical assistant stand in the back of the lecture hall . he have longish hair , wear cord and a flannel shirt . a leather necklace with peace sign be drape around he neck . he turn the projector time CUT to : ( continued ) 13 . continued : Ed and lorraine be in the middle of a q & a with the audience . a male student with a tie -dy shirt and wild afro be stand up -- lorraine -- we investigate roughly a hundred or so case a year . afro cool . thanks . as afro take a seat , hand go up . Ed point to another student who wear glass four row back . he get to he foot . glass this be some creepy shit you two do for a live -- subtle laugh escape from the crowd . glass ( cont would ) so how do you keep this thing from go after you ? we do not pis’ personally involved with people we be work with or what we be investigate -- it make you emotionally vulnerable which give they a way in . and of course , we faith in God . he sit back down . hand fly up again -- lorraine point to a female student with a ponytail in the front row , who get to she foot . she seem a little hesitant to speak , then -- ponytail .-- I wake up at night sometimes and it feel like someone 's lay next to I . have you ever deal with anything like that before ? lorraine many time . ( beat ) do it scare you ? ponytail I be a little freak , yeah . lorraine freak be normal , do you feel threaten ? ponytail .-- not really . it 's just weird . lorraine ( gentle ) come here for a sec -- ( continued ) 14 . continued : ( 2 ) lorraine move up to the edge of the stage , join the girl who do the same . lorraine ( cont would ) give I you hand . the girl offer they to she . lorraine take hold , then close she eye . a moment later -- lorraine ( cont would ) the bed you sleep in , belong to you grandmother , do not it ? ponytail ( amaze ) yeah . lorraine and you be very close before she die . ponytail be get blow away -- ponytail she raise I . lorraine open she eye -- lorraine it 's she . ponytail 's eye well as she try to contain she emotion . lorraine ( cont would ) you need to let she know that you be okay so she can move on . she still worry about you . ponytail how do I do that ? with a gentle smile ... lorraine next time you have that feel , tell she . lorraine let go of she hand . as ponytail sit back down , Ed nod to another male student in the front row . wear a beanie . glass I have love to know what scare you the most ? Ed crack a small smile -- ed be marry to a clairvoyant -- there 's not a whole lot I can get away with . ( continued ) 15 . continued : ( 3 ) the crowd laugh . CUT to : ext . auditorium - parking lot - night Jerome slide open the side door of a vw van . there 's a sticker on the window that read , '' when this van 's a rockin’ , do not bother knockin 's '' . he set the projector next to an array of other electronic equipment , then -- -- turn to Ed and lorraine , who be about to get into a plymouth park right next to he . ed so , you feel like chinese ? he look at they with a cocky grin -- jerome o.c . I hate to bail on you , but I think I be go to do some '' tutoring '' . Ed and lorraine be slightly confuse , until -- Jerome turn and smile at a young woman approach they . it 's the pony tail girl . Ed let a amused laugh escape he lip as he get into the car . dissolve to : ext . perron house - side of house - day Roger approach a guy wear incredibly dirty pants and shirt , who 's peer down a hole in the ground into a septic system -- carolyn can be see in the background tend to a newly sprout , completely fence in gaxden . a scarecrow , secure to a make - shift cross of x '' , stand at attention in the middle of it . it 's wear overall , plaid shirt and don a wig with shoulder length hair cap over a small pillow that have a grude face draw on . Roger 's big rig be park next to e barn . Roger get to the guy , who turn and face he . his shirt have a name tag , read : Carl . roger do you find the problem ? Carl look to he . carl yeah -- but you be not go to like it . roger they '' teach you guy to say that , right ? ( continued ) continued : 16 . Carl be not humor . carl it 's the septic -- need to be replace . it 's get to be at least forty year old . this be not what Roger want to hear . Carl run __ , roger , can not you just rig it somehow ? carl someone 's already use that one up . roger so -- what be we look at ? some number in he head . carl all in -- about fourteen grand . CUT to : ext . garden - right after a stress Roger stand opposite carolyn , who continue to tend the garden . she stop . roger Seven grand for the new electrical and now fourteen for this -- carolyn we know there could be problem , honey . roger yeah , but I do not know how much more we can afford . look at he -- what do you mean ? Roger take a beat -- roger ( cont would ) I get a call from Mike this morning -- because of this damn gas crunch , they be go to have to start lay . people for . carolyn ... do that mean you ? roger I be not exactly senior there -- time CUT to : 17 . ext . garden - night a full moon spotlight the scarecrow like it 's stand center stage . it 's now surround by a fully flourishing garden ; tall row of corn stalk , bright yellow squash , red tomato and bean . dissolve to : int . house - upstair hallway - same it 's late . carolyn have a basket of laundry tuck under she arm as she head down the hallway toward she room at the end . she stop at the close bathroom door which have a phone cord run across the floor from Cindy 's room into it . cindy 0.c. .».. School basically suck , there 's no cute guy ... and there 's so many friggin bug ... carolyn just sigh as she open the door . see Cindy stand in front of a mirror , phone to ear , compare two different color of eye shadow , close one eye at a time -- carolyn bed . five minute . she close the door . CUT to : int . andrea 's room —- same Paper butterfly adorn she wall . stuff animal line a small shelf above a vanity mirror and dresser . a easy bake oven and barbie play - set be line up neatly against a wa . andrea be under she cover in a frilly four post bed , head propped slightly by a pillow as she read a book . a lamp on a nightstand next to she cascade a four foot radius of light . her body tighten as she catch a quick glimpse of something furry jump onto she be but she book have obscure a will view -- -- she slowly lower it to get a better look -- find the cat she see earlier stand on the foot of she bed . it 's look right at she . andrea how have you get in here ? as she sit upright , the cat scurries off the bed and out of she room into the hallway -- ( continued ) 18 . continued : andrea scramble out from under the cover and quickly follow . she look out she door in time to see the cat slip into Cindy 's room just down the hall . int . hallway - continuous as andrea move to Cindy 's room , she can hear she sister still talk on the phone in the bathroom . her mom be fold clothes on the bed in the master bedroom at the end , unaware of she presence . int . cindy 's room - right after andrea stand in the doorway look to see where the cat go . her face be hit by a purple hue cascade from a blacklight hang above a bed ; poster of the Jackson five , peace sign and Alice in wonderland , all glow from the fight . scatter clothes litter the floor . '' the bed 's unmade . andrea can not see the cat anywhere , then she hear it hissing from under the bed . andrea what 's wrong , Kitty ? andrea come into the room and over to the bed . she kneel . as she look underneath , she eye immediately fall upon a raggedy Anne doll -- seemingly stare at she -- scare she slightly . the hiss start up again , but she can not see where the cat be as she vision be obscure by other doll stuff under the ed . she reach in and move a couple aside -- see the cat , but she breath get catch in she throat -- -- the blacklight have make its eye look wild , almost demonic as it stare at something that 's seemingly right behind she . she snap a look back over she shoulder , but nothing 's there . the cat suddenly bolt right past she -- the movement startling andrea , who instinctively recoil . she watch the cat slip through a partially open closet door into the darkness beyond . as she get to she foot , carolyn appear in the doorway . carolyn hey , you be suppose to be asleep . andrea I see that cat again , it go into the closet . andrea head to it . a very curious carolyn flip a light switch on the wall as she enter -- ( continued ) 19 . continued : carolyn really ...? she join andrea at the closet . open the door wider . carolyn reach overhead and pull on a light string , fill the large walk - in closet with bright light . there 's a array of clothes and shoe , but -- no cat . carolyn turn to andrea -- carolyn ( cont would ) you sure ? andrea yeah , I swear . carolyn it 's not here now . it probably just slip out and we do not see it . andrea bend down , look under Cindy 's bed again -- it 's not there . carolyn ( cont have ) c'mon , let 's get you back into bed . I x11 look for it . CUT to : int . andrea 's room - right after as andrea climb back into bed -- andrea when 's daddy go to be back ? carolyn he say he 's go to try to make it home tonight . carolyn begin to tuck she in -- andrea how come he 's go so much ? carolyn he lose he job , sweetie , so he 's drive for anyone he can right now -- we gotta pay the bill . andrea well , bill suck . carolyn smile -- carolyn they sure do . andrea will you lie down with I ? ( continued ) 20 . continued : carolyn ... sure . dissolve to : in the bed later carolyn , who 's fall asleep next to andrea , awaken to a distant scratching noise . she listen for few beat -- there it be again . she climb out of bed to investigate . int . house - upstair hallway - continuous she come out of the bedroom . the scratching noise be come from downstairs . she walk by several picture of Cindy , andrea and the family together hang on the wall as she head toward the staircase . suddenly the noise turn violent -- deep , vicious scratch -- like nail across wood . she slow she pace dramatically . carolyn move to the top of the staircase -- almost too afraid to look down . dig up some courage -- her pov - the cellar door rattles upon impact as something continue to dig and claw at the door from the other side . int . house - stair - continuous carolyn head down as the scratch continue . int . house - downstair hallway - continuous she come off the bottom step and guardedly move down the hallway to the door . just as she get to it , the scratching instantly stop . the house get church quiet . she listen intently -- tear with what to do . carolyn retreat momentarily back into the kitchen -- come out a second later with a flashlight . she sone get onto she hand and knee . target a one inch etween the bottom of the door and floor with the for ashlight , then -- -- thumb the switch . the light instantly reflect off two eye boring right back at her from within the dark recess -- but there 's nothing human , nor animal about they . carolyn freak -- recoil in a frenzy of motion . she scramble back to the kitchen door where she grab a rubber door - wedge from the floor next to it . she usher it back to the cellar door and slam it into the gap . ( continued ) 21 . continued : cindy o.c. ( concerned ) what 's go on ? carolyn spin . see Cindy and andrea stare down at she from the top of the stair . carolyn stay up there ! dissolve to : int . big rig cab - later that night Roger head down he driveway . his headlight capture carolyn look out the live room window at he -- she look terrorize , anxious . smash CUT to : int . live room - right after Roger stand in front of the open gun case ; ex ose a shotgun and a couple of rifle . he 's quickly load ammo into a hand gun . CUT to : int . house - downstair hallway - right after Roger come out of the live room , gun in hand . carolyn the girl watch he from the top of the stair as he head for the cellar door , which now have a chair propped up under the handle as well as the door-wedge . carolyn careful . Roger remove the chair and wedge . gun ready . he slowly open the door -- -- carolyn gasp at deep scratch that crisscross the back of it . Roger stand still for a moment , look at they as well , then head down a steep set of wooden stair that get lose in the darkness . he flip a nearby wall switch , wash the cellar ina dull , yellow light . int . cellar - continuous Roger inch down the stair . alert. ready . he step off the bottom step -- pause -- gun out -- eye peruse the shelf of can goods and stack move box . there be no window or other exit . ( continued ) 22 . continued : he move toward two wardrobe box -- big enough for something to hide behind , closer . closer . the knuckle on he trigger finger whiten from pressure . he kick one of the box over -- nothing happen . look behind the other -- empty . CUT to : int . downstair hallway - right after Roger come up off the stair . close the door behind he . look up to carolyn and the girl who be wait with bait breath upstairs . roger there 's nothing down there . the scratch be probabiy already on the door and you light just be play trick on you ; maybe flect off the railing or something . carolyn ( adamant ) I know what I see Roger , and hear it digging at the door . roger then I do not know what to tell you -- nothing 's 's down there and there 's no way out . andrea 's nervously chew on she fingernails . andrea maybe it be the cat . cindy this house give I the creep , we never should have move here . I want to go back to New Jersey . andrea fold into she mom 's arm . andrea I be scared , mommy roger just stop , both of you . there 's nothing down there . now it 's late -- just go to bed . the girl walk away , leave carolyn stand there . Roger 's shift he attention to she -- shake he head . carolyn you think I be make this up ? ( continued ) 23 . continued : roger I think move here have be a big adjustment . maybe too big . dissolve to : int . old two - story victorian home Ed and lorraine move up a narrow staircase to a second story . trail behind they be rachel and david , a slightly overweight couple in they late twenty . neither wear stress well rachel it 's always in the middle of the night , around two -thirty . lorraine and they be different sound ? david creaking and moan -- like someone 's in pain . rachel I think it 's David 's dad haunt I -- try to get I out of this house . lorraine why would he do that ? rachel because he hate I when we be dating -- he tell I I be not good enough for he son . he die before we get marry , and he 's the one who leave he this house . ( beat ) he 's frickin bury fifty yard across the street . I do not even like live here -- it give I the heeb . Ed stop at the top . ed and this be where it 's strongest ? both nod . ed_looks up to see a attic door directly above they . he pull on a rope , open it up -- unfurl a set of attic step . rachel we do not have to go up there with you , do we ? lorraine no -- you can wait here . ( continued ) 24 . continued : Ed reach into he hip pocket and retrieve a flashlight . head up into the dark abyss -- int . victorian house - attic - continuous Ed stand half in and out as he sweep the interior with he light . the piace be full of old furniture , wooden trunk , box , clothing rack . he continue up the creaky step into the attic . lorraine follow he up . lorraine funny how all attic smell the same -- lorraine move over to a break dormer window where filter moonlight pour in . it cast a blue hue across the room . she look out -- -- unfold across a street be a large cemetery full of tombstone —- hundred and hundred of they . a thick , wet fog drift through . Ed 's light fall on a cobwebbed cover bookshelf load with dust . he move to it to get a look at several urn - like container that have catch he attention . lorraine join he -- lorraine ( cont would ) forgotten relative , maybe ? Ed use he finger to wipe clean a inscription write on the bottom of one -- ed no -- first place curling . ( beat ) you be not get anything , be you ? lorraine not a thing . time CUT to : int . attic - right after David and Rachel come up the stair with ed. both look nervous to be up there . lorraine 's stand over by the break window . ( continued ) 25 . continued : ed I know a lot of people would be creepe out live by a cemetery and -- throw a very old home into the equation , and you be go to get the creak , moan sound -- especially at night when temperature and humidity change be the gegatest and can cause some shifting in the structure . david it 's not that . we would know the difference . just then , a moaning noise that sound like someone 's in agony , emanate through the room . Rachel grab onto David 's arm — - rachel ohmygod , that 's it -- + + ed + do it again , lorraine -- David and Rachel look to lorraine -- huh ? they watch as she step on two , water - stain wooden floorboard that run near a old heating radiator next to she -- produce the same sound . ed_ ( cont 's dq ) right now , it 's lorraine 's weight , but add the moisture come in through this break window at night -- the board be go to expand and rub against each other . beat you have hear it in different part of the house because of the radiator . rachel so this place be not haunt ? lorraine shake she head -- lorraine no . ed you be not alone , a lot of what we investigate turn out like this . dissolve to : ext . warren house - night Nice . well keep . Ed and lorraine pull up into the driveway . get out of the car , and head to the front door . CUT to : 26 . ext . warren house - backyard - right after ed_and lorraine exit a door off the kitchen . across a well light yard be a large chicken coop with a henhouse inside , where they dau hter judy ( 7 ) , carry a basket full of egg , be with Ed 's mom ( 60' ) . they ' be both exite the coop -- there 's a dozen or so chicken move about , and one of they be at they foot . mom be careful honey , you do not want to let gertrude out just as they close the coop door , Judy spot she parent . judy daddy !! ed hey there pumpkin ! Judy hand the egg basket to she grandmother , and race toward they . judy hi mommy ! Judy run across the yard and leap into Ed 's arm . give he a big hug . lorraine see that she 's get something dark smear all over she face . lorraine what 's cha get on you face ? ; judy fudgesicle ! her little eye go wide with great pride , as -- judy ( cont would ) I eat the whole box ! Ed 's mom approach , all smile -- mom oh , not the whole box ... I do manage to have one . ed hi mom . give she a kiss on the cheek , then look to lorraine , hal laugh . pass Judy over to she , who give she a ig hug . lorraine I miss you ! CUT to : 27 . int . warren house - kitchen - later Ed reach for a phone hang on the kitchen wall . as he dial a number , he smile when he see a photo of Judy on the counter next to he . it 's frame in fudgesicle stick , and make to look like a church with a cross . scribble along the bottom be , '' I love you , daddy '' . CUT to : woman' voice ( v.o. ) Father Jordan -- Ed Warren be on the phone for you . int . cathedral of the holy cross - office - same walk , into a opulent office full of antique furniture and religious icon , be father jordon ( late thirty ) . he take a seat in a chair , then pick up a phone on he desk . father jordon hey Ed -- how have it go ? ed ( v.o. ) the house be empty -- father jordon that 's good news . I appreciate you help . ed ( v.o. ) you bet. ( beat ) be you father any better today ? father jordon yeah -- we actually eet he up and walk around . ink he 's go to be fine . thanks for ask . CUT to : int . judy' room - night lorraine and Judy , who 's now wear pajamas , sit on the edge of the bed as lorraine finish braid Judy 's hair . judy grandma really snore . lorraine chuckle . lorraine c'mon , let 's get you into bed . lorraine stand and lift the cover . Judy slide in under they . ( continued ) 28 . continued : lorraine ( cont would ) I miss you so much . judy I miss you too . lorraine sleep tight . lorraine give Judy a tender kiss good - night , then reach over and turn off a light on a nightstand next to the bed . time CUT to : ext . perron house - back yard - afternoon Dark rain cloud threaten . the leave in the tree have begin to turn color . the garden off to the side be now void of any growth -- the ground bare . the scarecrow look dead itself ; it 's stringy hair draw across its face by a small breeze . andrea , wear a warm sweater , be kneel before a small grave at the base of a tree . there 's a wooden cross with the name sadie write on it . she 's pull several weed away . Cindy '' 's help carolyn take down some sheet from a clothing line as they ripple in the wind . Roger 's rig be park next to the barn . CUT to : int . perron house - kitchen - soon after carolyn come in with the girl . Roger 's on the phone . he look tired . strain . as they cross -- roger Glen , I be just look for anything , man -- I need to get something go on or I be go to lose the insurance on the rig . ( listen ; frustrated ) that 's half my rate and twice the distance . ( listen ; give in ) yeah , alright , alright , I 'il take it . Roger hang up the phone . look to carolyn -- shake he ead . carolyn sympathetic ) ( what 's the route ? ( continued ) 29 . continued : ; _ roger Fucking Florida . two week turn around . I start tomorrow . she 's shocked that he just cuss in front of the kid . dissolve to : int . house - bedroom - later that night andrea be in bed , sound asleep . pour rain pelt against she window -- she eye snap open . she find herself face the grey cat back on she bed -- its ear draw back , hissing through expose fang -- ready for a ft bt oh it 's eye slowly tracking something move just ehind she . andrea 's peripheral vision suddenly pick up the outline of two hand with only three finger on each press out from within she pillow case , fold she pillow up on the side , close in on she face -- the cat hiss , then leap to the floor . CUT to : int . perron home - master bedroom - same carolyn and Roger be rattle from a dead sleep by andrea 's blood curdle scream -- both scramble out of the cover to get to she . smash CUT to : int . andrea 's room - right after Roger 's to the doorway first . look in to see the bed 's empty . eye shift pook for he girl , but area of the room be swallow in darkness . roger andrea ...? carolyn join he . Roger hit the switch on the wall , shed light on andrea , who 's curl up in a corner , hyperventilate with fear . the tear be flow as she stare at she bed . time CUT to : hallway - later Roger be piss as he face carolyn just outside they bedroom , where andrea can be see tuck into they bed , now sleep . carolyn 's a emotional wreck . wipe tear with a tissue . both speak in hushed tone -- ( continued ) 30 . continued : roger demon peer in through window , cold spot , door rattling , voice -- everyone be fine until you start put all this scared , city - girl bullshit in they head . carolyn no I have not -- there 's something wrong with this place . roger then how come I have not see it ? carolyn I do not know . plead ) I be scared to death , Roger . we need to get someone out here , a priest or someone . roger to do what ? carolyn I have no idea . bless it -- whatever they do . roger yeah -- that 's just what the girl need to see next -- someone walk around here with a cross damn everything out of this house . ( beat ) I can not listen to anymore of this shit . he head downstairs . carolyn Roger , please . he do not turn around . dissolve to : int . house - live room - later Roger 's asleep on one of two sofa that face each other in 's front of the fireplace , that 's glow red from ember . there 's a coffee table between the sofa with a half empty bottle of scotch . a nearby tv be fuzzy white , that be , until -- -- something dark , ominous , cross in front of it . Roger awaken . sit up . rub he groggy eye , then rise . go to the tv . just as he turn off the tv , he hear the low creaking SOUND of a door open . he head to the hallway to investigate . as he pass a grandfather clock , the time read : 5:15 . 31 . int . downstair hallway - continuous just as Roger come into the hallway -- he sees the kitchen door close shut . as he move toward it -- it start to bang against the door jam in burst of three . bangbangbang ; bangbangbang . Roger 's mind be racing -- what the 1 ? the bang stop the minute he get to the door . the house fall into a awful silence . he open the kitchen loor -- -- look inside . a night - light cascade from a socket next to the sink , kick out enough glow to see that no one 's in there . a soft breeze come in through the kitchen window caress the curtain . his mind settles -- that must have be it . dissolve to : ext . barn - day Roger be pull out in he big rig . carolyn be stand outside the house , wrap in a sweater . she look soul weary as she watch he drive off . dissolve to : int . cindy 's room - night Cindy 's listen to some music as she sit on she bed , do homework . her bedroom door open and she mom poke e she ad in . carolyn how 's the homework go ? cindy it 's go . carolyn andrea and I be go to bed . cindy I ’1ll be in , in a little bit . dissolve to : later . just as Cindy finish she homework , she bedroom door begin to make a soft , repetitive bangbangbang noise -- like something 's push against it from the other side . cindy ( softly ) Mom ...? no response . ( continued ) 32 . continued : keep she eye on the door , Cindy slide out of bed . move toward it as the bangbangbang continue , the soft impact barely rattling the door . she hit the brake when she see a shadow of something appear in the gap between the base of the door and the poco . Cindy dig deep for courage , then continue toward it . she 's a foot away and the bang suddenly stop . she wait in silence , listen ... that 's when -- -- the door slowly open on its own . Cindy take a cautionary step backwards , but -- = - nothing 's there . she take reluctant step up to the door jamb and crane she head both direction in the hallway for a look . all clear . she see that she mom 's door is open a couple of inch . int . hallway - continuous two step into the hallway , '' Cindy pause momentarily -- reacting to some sort of foul smel she then move forward , and as she 's about to step into she mom 's room -- she stop mid-stride -- she face go taut -- -- stand next to the bed be a apparition of a woman ; dark matte hair , white white skin -- she body awkwardly hunch forward over carolyn and andrea , who be sleep , completely unaware of she presence . the apparition slowly crane she head toward Cindy . stare at she with pupil-less , snow - white eye . she suddenl . oar es toward Cindy ii ghtning fast , pass right throu she body , and vanish . off Cindy 's scream -- smash CUT to : ext . catholic church - front lawn - harrisville - day simple white structure with a steeple . father thornton ; late 20' , be get ready to take down letter from a small , glass encase marquee post into the ground that say : a church be a gift from GOD ... assembly require . carolyn o.c . Excuse I , Father thorton ? he look over to see carolyn approach -- CUT to : ext . church ground - right after Father thorton_and carolyn share a table under the shade of a large willow . ( continued ) 33 . continued : father thorton -- it sound to I that it 's far beyond just need a bless . let I make a call to the diocese and see if we can get someone out here to help that 's a little more qualified in this matter . carolyn breathes a slight sigh of relief -- carolyn thank you -- dissolve to : Super - one week later s.o . of a phone ringing ... ed ( v.o . ) .-- hello ? woman' voice ( v.o. ) Mr. Warren , I have Father Jordan call . dissolve to : ext . warren house - backyard - day lorraine be seat at a outdoor table and have a cup of coffee in hand . Ed sit opposite she . Judy be in the background , feed the chicken in the coup . lorraine I just wish you have talk to I . ed I be sorry , I do not think it be that big of a deal . sound like this family really need some help . lorraine let she eye drift to Judy -- lorraine we be in Maine last week , New York the week before -- Ed look at she -- he know she too well . ed c'mon , what 's go on ? lorraine pause , then -- lorraine I be just not sure how much longer I want to do this . there 's always go to be another case , Ed . ( continued ) 34 . continued : he throw she a somewhat surprised look -- lorraine ( cont would ) Judy 's grow up so fast -- we be on the road all the time ... it be different when she be young . they sit still for a few silent beat , then -- ed tell you what , let 's check this one out , then take a break -- see how you feel after that -- okay ? lorraine ... sure . Ed rise . time CUT to : ext . warren 's plymouth - night Ed and lorraine ride in silence along a lonely two - lane stretch of road through rural countryside . the frame picture of Judy now dangle from the rearview mirror . they headlight hit a small road sign riddled with buckshot that 's post at a turnoff just ahead : collin taft rd . Ed turn . head down a gravel strip of road that wind its way through the tree to a mailbox . they turn in the driveway . -- although it 's dark and cloudy , scattered moonli ht cast a eerie glow over the farmhouse -- we see it 's the perron 's . light on inside splinter out through several window . the perron 's station wagon be out front . Ed pull up and park . as they get out of the car , he go to the trun . pop it open . lorraine suddenly stop cold -- she smilé vanish . she stand still -- slowly scan over the property ; past the house , the wood , the barn -- something 's definitely get she attention . Ed retrieve a handheld tape recorder and note pad out of a box in the trunk and close it . go up to lorraine -- she show he she arm -- have goosebump all over they . ed I guess we be in the right place . the two of they head up the walkway . just as they round a slight turn -- CUT to : ( continued ) 35 . continued : lorraine 's pov - whoosh ! a black lab leap right at she , it 's teeth bar as it snarl viciously . jaw snap . it strain against a chain , which be tethere to a metal post drive into the grass , then -- resume - Ed look to lorraine -- ed ( cont have ) you be get something -- lorraine um-hum . CUT to : ext . perron 's house - front door - night Ed and lorraine stand at the front door . it open , revealing carolyn stand before they . lorraine carolyn ? carolyn -- you find it okay ? ed yeah , no problem . the girl join she at the door -- they expression somber . soul weary . carolyn this be my daughter , Cindy and andrea . cindy / andrea .. hi. carolyn come in . CUT to : int . perron house - foyer - soon after lorraine and Ed stand with carolyn and the girl . we catch they mid-conversation : carolyn ... in the last few night it 's get even worse . ed ..- and this apparition , do any of they have a smell ? ( continued ) 36 . continued : cindy the one I see . it be horrible , like rotting meat . Ed glance to lorraine . carolyn what ? what be it ? please . ed it usually indicate some kind of demonic activity . a elevate wave of fear wash over carolyn and the girl . carolyn --- ohmygod . Ed 's eye drift to a couple of door handle that line the hallway where piece of rope be dangle off they . carolyn ( cont have ) it keep they from bang at night . / ed come in three -- bang bang bang ? she nod -- ed ( cont have ) it 's a insult to the trinity ; father , son & Holy Spirit -- and I bet it stop at dawn . another nod -- ed ( cont have ) God 's light . lorraine do you have a dog ? carolyn use to . lorraine a black lab ? carolyn yes . sadie . lorraine what happen to she ? carolyn the first night we move in she would not come in the house -- so Roger have to tether she out front . ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 37 . continued : ( 2 ) carolyn ( cont would ) andrea find she dead in the morning -- she have choke herself to death on the chain . lorraine notice the cellar door that 's be block close with the chair and door-wedge . she start toward it . carolyn stay behind . carolyn ( cont would ) we do not go down there anymore . ed why ? carolyn because there 's something in there that keep scratch from the other side . lorraine get to the door and pull the chair and wedge free -- open the door , revealing -- -- ton more of the deep , violent scratch . lorraine hit the switch on the wall , lighting up the basement . int . cellar - continuous lorraine head down the stair . as she step off the bottom step -- she 's hit with a bombardment of fast , hard hitting image of -- — - five dead , skinless rabbit sprawle out across the bottom of a farge cage ; entrail dangle through the mesh . the leg on one of they twitches . -- the cement floor flow with blood . -- a large , blood -red pentagram be plaster like graffiti on a wall . -- a cloak figure be have sex with a naked , dead woman , she eye lock wide open . other cloak figure , face hide within hood be close by , watch . --_a hypodermic needle be push into a vein on a arm full of tract . -- shadow individual surround a upside down cross . -- the flash of a gun 's muzzle illuminate the face of a heavy set_ woman as she pull the trigger of a pistol with its barrel press up under she chin . resume - lorraine look sicken . Ed come off the stair and oin she . she shake she head in disgust at what 's appen in this cellar . ( continued ) 38 . continued : lorraine .-- this be bad , ed. dissolve to : int . perron house - live room - right after Ed lag behind as lorraine follow carolyn and the girl into the live room . she take a moment , look it over . ed when do you move in ? carolyn about five month ago . lorraine 's eye drift over to the fireplace where she 's hit with another image of -- -- blood drip off the hearth onto the set of long , narrow knitting needle swallow in red . she turn to carolyn and the girl - lorraine do any of you knit ? carolyn shake she head -- no . CUT to : int . house - stair - right after as carolyn , andrea and Cindy lead Ed and lorraine up the stair -- andrea tell ’em about the bird , mom . carolyn it 's the strangest thing , they fly into the side of the barn -- neck get break . all kind of ‘em . Cindy look back to lorraine and Ed -- cindy and thing have be get move around a lot . the table in the kitchen be block the door this morning . as carolyn step onto the landing -- carolyn and the clock -- they stop at 5:15 a.m . ( continued ) 39 . continued : lorraine all of they ? carolyn um-hum . int . house - upstair hallway - continuous Ed and lorraine continue to follow the girl toward the master bedroom . the wall be empty except for several protrude nail from each . carolyn we use to have family picture , but something keep knock they off the nail , so I just stop put they back up . lorraine and yous husband have not see any of this ? carolyn shake she head . carolyn qhing only happen when he 's go . he think it 's all in we head . ed he 's not be show anything on purpose . off she look -- ed ( cont would ) it_creates friction in the relationship , a negative energy for whatever 's here to feed on . carolyn well , it 's work . as they pass andrea 's room -- carolyn ( cont would ) this be where andrea have that experience on the bed . lorraine pause for a moment look in . notice that none of the pillow have case on they . CUT to : int . master bedroom - night lorraine o.c . where be the apparition ? lorraine and Ed enter , leave carolyn and the girl at the doorframe . ( continued ) 40 . continued : cindy on the leave side of the bed . lorraine walk over to it . Ed move to a dresser , look to a frame photo of the girl , then to a frame wedding picture of Roger and carolyn . there 's another photo of Roger kneel on_ one knee , pose next to a twelve - point buck he 's shot . his rifle rest across he arm . dissolve to : int . kitchen - later Ed sit with carolyn at the kitchen table with he tape recorder between they . ed I just want you to start from the beginning . carolyn nod . Ed hit the play and record button at the same time . ed ( cont would ) my name 's Ed Warren . it 's November lst , 1972 . I be sit here with carolyn perron who , with she family , have be experience supernatural occurrence -- he look to carolyn . ed ( cont have ) okay , go ahead -- CUT to : int . perron house - family room - same lorraine be sit on the sofa with andrea . she notice that she 's bitten she nail down to nothing -- lorraine -- anything else ? andrea -- sometimes I hear a baby cry in the fireplace . andrea 's eye drift over to the fireplace , which be blacken , and full of ash . lorraine do you feel like any one of this thing want to hurt you ? andrea um-hum -- her eye meet lorraine 's . ( continued ) 4l. continued : andrea ( cont would ) ..- how do you know when they around ? be lorraine I get Goose bump . andrea when I get Goose bump , do that mean they be near I ? lorraine maybe -- can you tell I what you have see ? dissolve into : lorraine be with Cindy , who have she arm wrap around she knee , all hunch up on the sofa . she stare off blankly -- cindy -- I do not know what it be . my mom think it might be what 's be scratch at the cellar door -- flashback to : int . hallway - night Cindy , wrap in a towel , walk out of the upstairs bathroom . she stop dead in she track , stare at the floor , where -- -- backlit by the moon , a tree lay shadow on it through a window at the far end . but it 's not the tree branch that disturb she , it 's that -- -- something be sitting on the branch with crooked arm , talone claw , and leg sproute grotesquely from a bulky torso -- she force herself to look out the window -- but nothing 's there . dissolve to : int . perron house - hallway - later lorraine walk into the kitchen , where Ed be still interview carolyn . he pause the tape , look to she -- ; lorraine I be go to go outside . he nod . ( continued ) 42 . continued : ed almost do . CUT to : ext . perron house - side door - right after lorraine exit the house . she pause on the landing for a moment , look around -- see the scarecrow now stand in the empty garden , wear , weathered -- look like someone crucify with its arm out . her eye move to the barn , shadow in the dark like some ill-bode beast . we can see that she 's draw to it . she step off the porch . halfway across the yard , she stop x. as if she sense something -- like she 's be watchea . she shift she gaze just beyond the barn , where a restless breeze have the entire landscape in motion . she let it go , continue on to the barn . CUT to : ext . barn - night - right after lorraine 's about to open the door when she see -- -- two dead pigeon on the ground , neck break . she open the barn door and look in . she see saber of moonlight pierce in through gap in the tired , dilapidate wood siding , then -- -- lorraine 's immediately hit with another hard hitting image of judson on the ground , he bloody face smashed in . resume —- int . barn - continuous lorraine step into the barn and continue several foot in . she stop -- take in she environment . a old chevy pickup be park toward the back next to a elongate work bench . six abandon horse stall be tuck along one side . there 's a ladder that lead up to a loft . as lorraine turn to leave -- ka-thump ! -- a set of bare feet come jerking to a stop right in front of her face -- the toenail be incredibly long . crack . dirty . lorraine look up . see a woman dangle from a rafter by a rope -- she neck break at a odd angle . ( continued ) 43 . continued : she 's in a long grey dress , and have scraggly dark hair frame she face . her eye be bulg wide open , and seem to be stare at lorraine . ed o.c . there you be . lorraine 's eye shift to Ed stand in the doorway -- she walk toward he , literally pass through the dangle leg as they fade from she psychic vision . CUT to : int . perron house - kitchen - later Ed and lorraine be sit at the kitchen table . carolyn refill coffee cup . lorraine 's look at the melt monkey on the table before she . carolyn do you think she 's the same one Cindy see ? lorraine -.- I do not know . ed when this thing invade a home , it 's quite possible that something have invite they here , or conjure they up somehow . lorraine I have ask the girl , but we need to know -- have either you or you husband ever practice any kind of satanic worship -- anything of the occult ? carolyn 's appal at the notion . lorraine ( cont would ) my God , no . ed people dabble , think it 's kind of fun . play with a ouija board , invoke thing up in a seance -- and then can not get rid of they . zt happen more often than you now . lorraine with what I see in the basement , this house be some sort of satanic shrine at some point . beat ) do you know the history of this farm ? ( continued ) continued : carolyn just that it be build sometime in the late 1800' . we buy it from a auction through a Bank trust -- we never know who the owner be . beat ) I always want to live in the country -- this be suppose to be someplace safer than the city . Ed take a moment , then -- ed this house obviously have to be exorcise , but to do that , we need the church to authorize a Priest to perform one . carolyn I be fine with that . ed it 's not that easy . we have to provide proof that what you be claim be in fact happen , but that can be the hard part . carolyn why 's that ? lorraine because it do not always happen when we need it to . carolyn so what happen if we do not get it ? ed we do not have the church . carolyn deflate . 44 , dissolve to : int . house - foyer - right after Ed and lorraine stand at the front door , ready to carolyn 's with they . Ed , who 's hold the clock the kitchen , look at she — — straightforward . ed what 's you faith ? carolyn ... I be raise Methodist , I guess ... ed have you child be baptize ? leave . from ( continued ) 45 . continued : carolyn no ... we be not really a church go family . Ed glance to lorraine , then -- ed you may want to rethink that . without faith , you have no protection . carolyn 's not quite sure where Ed be go with this -- ed ( cont would -- we presence here soula make thing worse . carolyn --- why ? ed because we be a threat -- and whatever you be deal with here , be not go to like it . carolyn flood with emotion . it 's all too much . lorraine pull she into a embrace . lorraine this be you house -- and Ed and I be go to do everything we can to keep it that way . no one like uninvite guest . okay ? carolyn wipe away a tear . ed we will talk to the historian in the morning and see what we can find out , but it will be a few day before we can get back here . we have to make sure we tech guy be available and we also need to get someone to film everything for we . lorraine 's attention be draw to Cindy and andrea , look down at they from the top of the stair with scared , worried face . dissolve to : int . warren' plymouth - night Ed pull up to the entrance of the harrisville Motel -- single story , maybe thirty room . CUT to : 46 . int . motel room - night lorraine be sit on the edge of a queen-size bed , the cradle of a dial phone to she ear , listen . she make eye contact with Ed , who enter from outside , carry a small suitcase and the cardboard box with the tape recorder and kitchen clock inside . lorraine well that 's very nice of grandma ... see as it 's so far past you bed time and you have school tomorrow . Ed grin , place the box and suitcase on a dresser . lorraine ( cont would ) yes honey , daddy 's right here . ( listen ) I love you too . she hold out the phone for Ed , who take a seat next to she -- mouth '' she promise '' . Ed seem somewhat amused -- * + ed + hi pumpkin , what 's cha do up so late ? while he listen -- ed ( cont have ) oh , Tennessee tuxedo be on ? time CUT to : int . motel - bathroom —- later cu on lorraine soaking in the tub fill with bubbles -- she eye be close . wide . we see that she head be tilt back on Ed 's chest , who be soaking with she , stroking she arm . steam rise . ed you seem kinda quiet , you okay ? lorraine it 's just hit close to home . andrea remind I so much of Judy . ed I know . we will get it fix . dissolve to : int . motel room - later lorraine exit the bathroom , don a robe . she 's towel drying she hair . ( continued ) 47 . continued : do not like the look she ets from Ed , who be clad ina pair of pajama bottom , sit on the’ edge of the bed with the tape recorder in he hand . lorraine what 's wrong ? ed carolyn 's voice do not record . listen . he hit play -- we hear : ed ( v.o. ) ( cont ! d) my name 's Ed Warren . it November ist , 1972 . I be sit here with carolyn perron who , with she family , have be experience supernatural occurrence -- okay , go ahead . a long silence follow -- ed ( v.o. ( cont would ) and what happen after that ? another long silence . Ed click it off , look to lorraine -- not sure what to make of it . CUT to : int . perron house - staircase - night Cindy be head up the staircase with a glass of milk in hand when water slowly cascade down from the stair above she and slowly caress she foot before move on down to the next stair . she look up -- -- eye go wide . stand on a stair , several up from she , be a young boy ( 12 ) , soaking wet , dress in vintage clothing . his skin be stark white and rotting in place , and he as a non-stop flow of water dribble out mouth . Cindy drop the glass -- it shatter . she scream . a second later , a very concerned carolyn show up at the top of the stair . Cindy can barely get the word out -- cindy there be a boy stand right there -- she point to where she see he -- he 's go , but the water be still present and drip down the stair . dissolve to : 48 . int . motel room - night a night light flow out from the open bathroom door cast a light glow over Ed and lorraine , who be sound asleep in the bed . o.c. a soft click -- then we hear the tape recorder kick on by itself . ed ( v.o. ) my name 's Ed Warren . it 's November first , 1972 . the sound of Ed 's voice be loud , snap Ed and lorraine out of they sleep , unbely . both set of eye target the tape recorder sit on a small table near the foot of they bed . ed ( v.0o . I be sit here with carolyn perron who , with she family , have be experience supernatural occurrence -- okay , go ahead . where as this part of the tape be blank earlier -- it 's now fill with a indiscernible , haunting whisper that sound female -- it continue , until -- ed ( v.o . ) what happen after that ? the tape recorder then suddenly shut off -- lorraine Ed , the clock . he look where she gaze be lock -- she 's stare at the perron clock next to the recorder . the time on it read 5:15 . they look at it , transfix . it never move to : 5:16 . dissolve to : ext . MAIN STREET - harrisville - day small town . store and business line both side of the street . Light traffic . Ed and lorraine be drive through . they pass the Catholic church . the marquee in front read : let GOD give you a great day . Ed continue for another block , then pull over , come to a_stop in front of mathews dry good store . it 's simple , with two large window , separate by a entrance . a second story sit above it . CUT to : 49 , int . mathews dry good store - right after s.0. of a bell that ring when Ed and lorraine enter the store . Inside be fill with a potpourri of dry goods . shannon mathews , a_woman in she late 30 's , and a teenage gird be behind 'a long counter that stretch from the ront of the store to a set of step lead upstairs in the back . a lava lamp sit next to a register . Shannon 's busy cut a piece of fabric for a customer when she look up . shannon Ed and lorraine ? they both smile . ed thanks for see we . Shannon look to the teenage girl next to she -- shannon maddy , finish cut this for Mrs. doornbos , will ya ? maddy nod that she will , and although she take the scissors from Shannon , she eye never leave Ed and lorraine -- neither be sure what it 's all about . Shannon look to Ed and lorraine -- shannon ( cont would ) why do not you follow I . she grab a large coffee mug off the counter and head to a set of stair in the back of the store . Ed and lorraine follow . shannon ( cont would ) you gotta ignore my niece , she go to school with the perron girl -- she 's hear about what 's een happen out there . int . store - stair - continuous as they head up -- shannon before the perron 's buy it , that place have be empty for 's as long as I can remember . ( beat ) please excuse the mess up here , my nana 's be the historian for almost sixty year , and when she get parkinson 's , thing just sort of -- well , you can imagine . 50 . int . mathews dry good 's - upstair - continuous they come up off the last stair into a large dishevel look room pack with stack of book , filing cabinet , pile of old newspaper and photo -- shannon I take over the job , but have not have much time to put into it . Shannon head over to a nearby table that stands_in the middle of the room , where picture , map , journal and other document be pile in two large box . shannon ( cont would I pull everything together for you I could find , but there 's some stretch of time miss . I will keep look and send you anything else I might find . dissolve to : int . perron house - master bedroom - night carolyn be get ready for bed . there 's a flare in the window from headlight come down the driveway . she move to the window and look out -- -- it 's Roger return in the rig . CUT to : int . kitchen - soon after Roger look clearly irritate as he reach for a bottle of scotch in a cabinet . carolyn be lean against the counter , arm fold , try to stay strong . roger I can not believe you do this behind my back . carolyn we have to do something . it 's get worse . roger I tell you I do not want anymore of this bullshit . carolyn they say you have not see anything because it want to create '' this '' , this conflict between we . Roger half laugh to himself as he uncork the bottle . roger of course they do . ( continued ) 51 . continued : he pour a stiff one . roger ( cont would ) and how much be they charge for this little investigation ? carolyn nothing . she move over_to Roger and take he hand in hers before he can lift the glass to he mouth -- carolyn §cont ! d ) I be scared to death and so be the girl -- and I hate what it 's lo to we . she look at he eye to eye -- carolyn ( cont would ) please Roger . for I -- please . dissolve to : int . warren house - kitchen - early morning Ed enter , look half asleep . go to the coffee pot -- lorraine o.c. you be gonna have to make some more . Ed look to a alcove off the kitchen , spot lorraine , who have all the info they get from the historian spread out on_a small desk . she 's hold a hand write journal . ed how long have you be up ? lorraine since four -- could not sleep . she look at he -- there 's a intensity in she eye . lorraine ( cont would ) it 's no wonder that family be go through what they be . time CUT to : a old , very weathered photograph of the perron farm couse . wide - we see that Ed be hold the picture , a pile of other be next to he . he nurse a cup of coffee . ( continued ) 52 . continued : lorraine ( cont would ) -- that 's the original farmhouse . it be build in 1863 by judson sherman , who marry bathsheba Bishop when she be nineteen . ( beat she be a direct descendant of Bridget Bishop -- ed we know that name -- she pause -- lorraine yeah , she be the first witch hang in Salem during the trial . Ed look to lorraine , definitely intrigue . lorraine ( cont have ) after she and judson be marry , they have a baby , and when it be seven day old , judson find it sacrifice -— in front of the fireplace . Ed can not believe it -- lorraine ( cont would ) I be assume with pitting needle . apparently -- she run out to the barn , climb into the rafter , proclaim she love to Satan , curse anyone who try to take she land , then hang herself . lorraine slide a old newspaper clipping mount on parchment paper over to Ed , who pick it up . lorraine ( cont would ) that 's she . -- Ed look at the picture ; it 's of a woman hang from a rafter -- exactly the same image and likeness of the woman lorraine saw hanging in the barn staring down at her . ed this be the woman you see ? she nod , then -- lorraine Ed _-- she hang herself at five fifteen in the morning . ed that explain a few thing . ( continued ) 53 . continued : ( 2 ) lorraine then slide over a old black and white photograph of a obese woman sittin in a wicker chair , lank by a boy ( wear glass ) a girl , who both look about ten . lorraine and that woman I see in the basement who shot herself -- I think it 's this woman who live there in the thirty -- last name be Walker . she have two child who mysteriously sorobebiy wt in the wood -- it 's pro ably why she kill herself . I be assume that be they -- ed wow -- lorraine and I be not do . what be the original five hundred acre farm , have be divide , and sell off -- she unfurl a old map next to she . point to a spot . lorraine ( cont would ) there be a boy who drown in this pond -- he live in a house over here . her finger slide across the map to another location close by -- lorraine ( cont would ) and a hunter who die in the wood -- he live here . again , she indicate -- lorraine ( cont would ) there be a school bus accident on this road . she look to Ed , more for emphasis than anything else . lorraine ( cont would ) the only child who die , be from family who have home on the property . four of they . ed ( sotto ) ..- people who take she land . dissolve to : 54 . ext . rhode island - two lane road - sunset Ariel pov - of the Warren 's plymouth as it slalom its way along a country road illuminate by a brilliant sunset . it turn off onto the perron 's driveway . Parks by the house . CUT to : ext . perron house - driveway - same Ed and lorraine get out of they car with bruce levy ( 30 ) . clean cut , wear khakis . gym build muscle give he shirt a tight fit . they move around the back of they car . Ed open the trunk . Inside be four large bag of grocery , a cardboard box , which now hold Ed 's tape recorder , the perron 's clock , a bible , a camera case , some note pad , and dozen of film canister . Bruce take a beat , look around . bruce Nice place . lorraine 's attention be draw to Jerome 's vw van turn onto the driveway and head toward the house . lorraine good , Jerome 's here . Jerome drive up right next to they and park . climb out . he 's munch on a large cookie . smile to they -- jerome I forget how bitchin’ rhode Island be . he notice Bruce -- lorraine Jerome , this be Bruce levy . jerome oh , the cop -- nice to meet you , man . as they shake hand . jerome ( cont would ) I hear you be not much of a believer . bruce you might say that . ( continued ) 55 . continued : jerome , you know you can not shoot ghost , right ? ed easy on he , Jerome . c’mon , let 's get unload . CUT to : ext . perron house - front door - right after a troubled look carolyn have the door open as Jerome , Ed and Bruce pile in , each load with monitor , vcr , gauge , and various piece of camera equipment , etc . lorraine follow , carry a box . Cindy and andrea be look down from the landing upstairs . ed we would like to do the main set up in the live room if that 's okay ? carolyn yes , of course -- ed this be Jerome , and Officer levy . bruce Bruce be fine . the guy nod hellos and move on just as Roger enter from the kitchen . carolyn Ed and lorraine , this be my husband , Roger . even though Ed see the doubt in Roger 's eye -- ed I hope we can help you out here . roger yeah -- I too. ( to caroly n ) I ‘'1l be in the barn . Roger head out front as Ed continue into the live room with Jerome and Bruce . lorraine look to carolyn -- sincere . lorraine how be you hold up ? see she 's not . CUT to : 56 . int . kitchen - right after lorraine be stand against the counter , listen to carolyn -- carolyn ... Water be just pour out of he mouth . — lorraine this be good -- off carolyn 's surprised look -- lorraine ( cont would ) we want the activity . it give we the proof we need . all carolyn can do be manage a slow , reluctant nod of approval . Silent tear begin to cascade down she cheek . Bruce enter , carry the bag of grocery , interrupt the moment -- be not quite sure what to do . lorraine nod to the kitchen table , which have two basket of fold laundry sit on it . lorraine ( cont have ) why do not you just put they over there . he do . leave . carolyn look over to the grocery -- carolyn -- you do not have to do that . _.. , lorraine ; be you kid I ? Jerome will eat you out of house and home , believe I , it 's the least we can do . carolyn manage a slight smile . lorraine ( cont would ) be ; fold clothing ) that have to go upstairs ? dissolve to : int . barn - day the door open . a column of outside light slide in , barely stretch to the chevy pickup in the back . Roger come in . as he reach for a wall switch -- CUT to : ( continued ) 57 . continued : camera 's pov - over he shoulder toward the truck . we would swear there be the silhouette of a woman sit inside , seemingly look at Roger , but the second the light come on , it illuminate a vacant interior . resume — Roger head over to the truck . dissolve to : ext . house - later Ed come out of the house carry a tripod and a 35 mm camera . head for the barn . Bruce exit a few beat behind he , un -spool cable . CUT to : int . barn —- right after Roger have a jack position toward the front of the ickup and be work one end of a tire wrench to crank it up off the floor . there 's a small toolbox next to the jack . ed o.c. Nice ride . fifty-five ? Roger look back over he shoulder to see Ed come in . roger six . ed two-eighty - three small block ? ; roger ( impressed ) you know truck . Roger finish jack up the truck . he flip the '' safety '' lever into the lock position on the jack . ed my dad have a side - step with the big back window . every Saturday , we be work on she . ( beat ) what be you do ? roger just repack the bearing . Bruce enter , continue un - spool the cable as he approach ed. ed well -- do not mind we , we will only be a few minute . ( continued ) 58 . continued : roger knock yourself out . Roger start to unscrew the lug . Ed mount the camera onto the tripod . take the other end of the cable from Bruce and plug into the side of the camera . ed do Jerome give you the efd ? bruce if that 's what this be -- he extract a small hand -held meter from he pocket . hand it to he . bruce ( cont would ) what 's it do ? as Ed begin to hook it up -- when there 's a ener ly present , the needle on it will begin to fluctuate , usually between 1.7 and 3 mega-hertz , and that triggers the camera to start shoot . Roger look over to he as he pull the tire off . set it '' down . roger and you have actually catch thing on film ? ed well yeah -- that 's the point . Roger , quietly amused , focus back on the truck . notice oil drip from the drain pain . roll onto he back and scoot underneath to investigate . bruce so why be we put one in here ? ed this be where the witch commit suicide . hung herself from the rafter right above we . as Bruce look up -- ed ( cont have ) apparition will at time manifest near they point of death . at that very moment -- wham ! the pickup suddenly drop back down to the floor , emanate a harsh , crunching sound . ( continued ) 59 . continued : ( 2 ) Ed and Bruce snap a look over to see Roger 's leg protrude out toward they from a small 10 '' gap spetween the barn floor and side of the truck , create y the now crush tool box . they rush over -- ed ( cont have ) Roger ...? smash CUT to : under the truck - same cu on Roger 's terrorize face press slightly against the bottom of the chassis -- another millimeter and it have be a different story . . roger I be alright , can you pull I out ? resume —- Ed and Bruce each take a leg and pull on he . his body slowly emerge . Roger look to they -- roger ( cont would ) thanks . he notice the tool box . roger ( cont would ) that be close . Roger get to he foot . pick up the Jack that 's fall over . '' look at it -- the safety lock be now off . roger ( cont would ) Safety must have slip . we see by the look on Ed 's face that he think there 's more go on here than that . dissolve to : int . house - cindy 's room - same carolyn be put clothes away in Cindy 's drawer from the laundry basket . lorraine watch . carolyn «+. how could a mother kill she own child ? lorraine it be never a_ child to she -- she just use she God give gift as the ultimate offense against he . ( more ) ( continued ) 60 . continued : lorraine ( cont would ) Witches believe it elevate they status in the eye of Satan . CUT to : int . live room - later Jerome be munch from a bag of potato chip while sorting through a spaghetti pile of cable that run from seven different vcr 's to seven separate monitor , each label accordingly ; basement , upstairs hallway , downstairs hallway , master , live room , barn , and the girl 's bedroom . Cindy be stand next to Jerome , look somewhat smitten . Jerome cut off a slice of tape with_a pair of scissor and secure it around one of the cable , hold several loop in place . cindy ( point ) and what 's that ? jerome a vcr -- it 's a video recording device . they think one of this will be in every house one day -- cindy really ? why ? jerome to record what 's on you tv -- so you can watch it anytime you want . cindy that would be so cool . jerome pretty far out , be not it ? she smile . CUT to : int . house - stairway - same lorraine and carolyn descend the stair , each carry a empty laundry basket . they stop_at the foyer where they attention be draw to Cindy and Jerome in the live room . lorraine look like someone might have a crush . the edge of carolyn 's lip curl into a amused smile -- ( continued ) 61 . continued : carolyn he certainly look like he know what he 's do . lorraine top of he class at MIT . carolyn and Bruce be a police officer ? lorraine yes , Ed like to use they as documentarian -- people trust they . beat ) I think it 's because Ed 's dad be a cop . andrea 0o.c. Mom , can you braid my hair ? carolyn turn to see andrea on the stairway behind they , hold a hair brush and a tie-off . carolyn oh honey , I need to get dinner go -- lorraine I can do that for you -- I do my daughter 's all the time . lorraine hands_her basket to carolyn , then sit down on the second to last step . tap the one below she . andrea take a seat on it . carolyn head in to the kitchen . lorraine take the brush from andrea , and begin to stroke the young girl 's lengthy hair . andrea what 's you daughter 's name ? lorraine Judy . she 's about you age . andrea and she like she hair braid too ? lorraine um-hum . we braid it every night before she go to bed . Cindy walk out of the live room . take a seat next to lorraine -- watch she brush andrea 's hair . cindy ( matter-of -fact ) have you always be able to see thing ? ( continued ) 62 . continued : ( 2 ) and : rea overly enthusiastic ) yeah , have you ? a subtle laugh escape lorraine as she gather the hair in three section , and begin to braid . lorraine ever since I can remember . cindy what 's the first thing you see ? lorraine a aura . andrea what 's that ? lorraine it 's energy that surround you body . lorraine look at both the girl , peruse they slightly . lorraine ( cont would ) you both have beautiful one 's , by the way -- the girl smile . the front door swing open . Ed and Bruce enter . bruce ( to Ed ) I put the other one at the end of the hallway . lorraine send Ed a smile as they head down the hallway toward another camera and tripod wait to be set u he look a little uneasy with she interact with t é girl . she send he a confuse look -- what ? he stop as Roger and Bruce continue down the hall . wait for she to join he . lorraine ( to the girl ) Excuse I one sec . lorraine get to she foot , go to Ed . ed ( whisper ) what be you do ? lorraine ( whisper back ) what do you mean ? ed get a little close be not we ? lorraine I be braid hair . ( continued ) 63 . continued : ( 3 ) ed you know exactly what I be talk about . lorraine I be fine , Ed -- just help out . Ed look like he 's not so sure , but let it go . lorraine ( cont have ) do you guy get all set up in the barn ? ed yeah , but we have a little incident out there -- off she look -- dissolve to : int . live room - later Ed enter , carry a ornate , hand - carve wooden case . he glance to Jerome , who be busy tinkering with a contrast adjustment on a monitor . the other monitor all reveal different part of the house . ed you gettin ' there ? jerome still gotta sync the efd with the cellar and hallway camera , then ood to go -- this little sucker ere be be a pain in the ass , though . Ed smirk . set he box on the coffee table . begins unload several velvet wrap cross , set they upright . Ed notice Roger crossing the foyer from the front door -- ed find the oil leak ? roger yeah . Roger see the cross -- look to Ed curiously . roger ( cont would ) that 's a lot of cross . ed we want to stir thing up . Ed take one of the cross and set it up on the mantle above the fireplace . ( continued ) 64 . continued : ed ( cont would ) the presence of religious icon usually bring on some kind of a reaction from a thing - unholy -- sort of piss they of he set another on top of the grandfather clock . roger ( half joke ) like hold a cross in front of a vampire ? ed yeah , exactly , but I do not believe in vampire . Roger 's amused , then leave the room . Ed move over to the coffee table where he set another cross , then -- jerome o.c. ... Ed . the tone in Jerome 's voice turn Ed immediately . jerome check it out . downstair hallway . Ed look to the monitor Jerome have he eye glue on -- and see that although the hallway be empty , the cellar door be open slowly . smash CUT to : right after all the perron surround Jerome at the monitor , watch Ed , lorraine and Bruce enter the cellar -- you can hear a pin drop . Ed flip on the light . CUT to : int . cellar - stairway - same Bruce follow Ed and lorraine down the steep set of step -- camera be roll . they get to the bottom . Ed take a moment , look around the basement -- glance to a efd he 's hold in he hand -- the needle be bounce just between the 1 and the 2 . ed something 's definitely here . Ed move into the basement . ( continued ) 65 . continued : ed ( cont 's dy ( calm , under 's control ) okay -- you have get we attention . silence . ed ( cont have ) give we a sign you want to communicate with we . CUT to : Bruce 's pov - as he move the camera about the room -- not sure what he 's look for . settles on Ed -- Ed wait for a response . stillness continue to fill the room . ed ( cont have ) Close the door -- move the jar , something . resume — Ed glance to he efd -- the needle be bounce wildly . they wait . and wait some more . dissolve to : int . hallway - cellar door - later carolyn , Roger and Jerome stand at the doorway as Bruce , lorrasne and Ed file out of the basement . Ed look to carolyn , read she disappointment . ed like I say , it do not always happen when 's we want it to . as Ed turn to close the basement door -- wham ! it slam shut with a bang right in he face -- carolyn . sh instantly pivot . Bruce look the most shocked . caro ) ynis shoot Roger a look , who 's not sure what to make out of dissolve to : int . kitchen - night the clock on the counter read 1:33 am . Bruce enter . see Jerome take a tuperware container of vegetable from the refrigerator . jerome you hungry ? ( continued ) 66 . continued : bruce no -- still full . Bruce move over to the coffee pot . jerome what do you suppose they do with the salt ? Bruce see a salt and pepper shaker next to the coffee pot on the counter . bruce it 's over here . he hand over the salt shaker -- jerome thanks . Jerome begin to salt the veggy -- heavily . jerome ( cont would ) so I be curious , what do you think slam the door close like that ? Bruce shrug -- bruce have to be a draft . Jerome seem slightly entertained . take a bite of celery . jerome that 's funny , draft never put that look you have on my face before . Bruce glance back to he -- jerome ( cont would ) that 's why I dig the machine , man . they do not have emotion or belief that get in the way . they either pick something up , or they do not . ( beat ) so , if you do not believe , why be you do this ? bruce get a baby come -- fifty buck a day , help . jerome so you think people just make this stuff up ? ( continued ) 67 . continued : ( 2 ) bruce I remember grow up with the boogie man in my closet , but when my parent check -- they never find anything . Jerome smirk -- jerome you know , just cause you can not see it , do not mean it 's not there . ( beat ) have you ever lose anyone close ? bruce ... my dad , why ? jerome we should have lorraine see if she can connect with he . Bruce can not hold back he entertained smile -- bruce what part of '' I do not believe '' , do not you understand ? Jerome take another bite . jerome what be you afraid of man , get bust for be narrow minded ? appease I --_ tell I something without revealing what it be , that only you would know . Bruce toy with the think , then -- bruce okay '' I pot something in my dad 's casket that mean a lot to both of we . lorraine enter -- Jerome light up with a smile . jerome you be timing 's perfect . lorraine why 's that ? lorraine head over to the refrigerator . open it . jerome we be conduct a little experiment . Officer naysayer here put something in he dad 's casket - = can you tell he what it be ? she grab a tab from a shelf , then look to Bruce for he approval . he appear skeptical , but smile anyway -- ( continued ) 68 . continued : ( 3 ) bruce sure , why not . lorraine walk over to he . set she soda on the counter . lorraine give I you hand . she take they , then close she eye . Bruce seem a little uncomfortable . after a long moment -- lorraine ( cont would ) it 's a baseball -- have something write on it , all I can make out be a J anda R . lorraine open she eye , release Bruce 's hand . jerome «+-so ? he shrug . bruce .-. that be not it . she look at he somewhat surprised -- really ? lorraine oh well , must be tuning into something else then -- CUT to : int . live room - later lorraine be seat next to carolyn in front of the monitor , who 's watch andrea and Cindy curl asleep on Cindy 's bed . carolyn I think you guy be here make they feel safe dissolve to : live room - morning shard of morning light pierce through the window , warming up the room with golden light . angle - the grandfather clock kick past 5:15 to 5:16 be . wide - to reveal Ed , lorraine , Bruce and Jerome , all keep they eye on different clock . not one of they have stop . ( continued ) 69 . continued : ed alright -- let 's call it . dissolve to : Super - Day two ext . perron house - late afternoon Ed and lorraine drive up and park next to the house . the perron 's station wagon be go . they get out . lorraine head to the house . '' Ed head to the barn . CUT to : ext . perron house - front door - same lorraine knock on the front door , but there 's no response . she wait a second longer , then decide to go in anyway . she open the front door . even though all the light be all off , and it 's somewhat dark inside , she see -- -- carolyn , now wear she hair down , come up out of the cellar door at the end of the hall , then walk into the kitchen -- oblivious to lorraine 's presence . CUT to : int . kitchen - right after lorraine stand at the open door . carolyn be at the counter with she back to she . lorraine carolyn ... carolyn slowly turn to she -- it seem to take she a second to register it 's lorraine . carolyn ... you be early . lorraine I can not believe you go into the cellar . carolyn ( simply ) I want to get some soup go . need some beet . lorraine find it odd , but let it go . dissolve to : 70 . int . perron station wagon - perron driveway - night Roger drive up to the house , have the girl with he . his headlight drag over the Warren 's park car . he pull to a stop . as he and the kid get out , he notice the barn door be open . Light on . he héad for it as the girl continue to the house . CUT to : int . barn —- right after Roger walk in to find Ed work on the pickup . the front 's be jack back up . there be two piece of firewood lodge under the front axle for extra stability . he 's up to he elbow in grease as he pack the bearing . I notice you dian 's t finish the bearing . hope you do not mind -- just look for something to do . roger not at all . ed get anymore more grease ? roger yeah . Roger walk over to the work bench . open a cabinet above it and grab a can from a shelf . pop it open as he head over to Ed and hand it to he . ed thanks . Roger grab a nearby wooden crate . take a seat on it . watch Ed work . roger carolyn tell I you go to be a priest -- Ed ponder for a moment -- do he want to share this ? ed that be the plan -- but when I get , to my ordination , I start avin my doubt , and realize I be not go to be good enough , I do not have the strength they need . so I give it up . Roger take a beat . roger I could scratch my head ' till I be bald and never figure out why you do what you do -- ( continued ) 71 . continued : ed remember as a kid be afraid to hang you hand off the edge of you bed because you think something underneath be go to grab it ? Roger nod somewhat skeptically . ed ( cont have ) well ... mine get grab . as Ed throw more grease on the bearing -- ed ( cont have ) something yank I to the floor . it be too dark to see under the bed , but I run my ass out of that room as fast as I could . my dad do not believe I , so he drag I back in there and tell I I have to face my fear . I bury myself under the cover , scared to death cause I could still hear it under my bed . then I remember what a nun have tell I in catechism , '' God will be there for all who need . he be you protector . '' so I rab my davy crockett knife rom my no yghtsvand and get off the bed and tell whatever be under there that God be go to kick its ass if it do not leave . I just keep say it over and over - = and it finally go away . never come back . Ed look back to Roger -- ed ( cont would ) it be the best thing my dad ever do for I . I put my faith in God every day after that , and have be check under bed ever since . Ed finish pack the bearing . cap it . o.c . they hear the crunch of gravel under car tire . Roger look out the barn to see Jerome and Bruce pull up in Jerome 's van . dissolve to : int . kitchen - later Bruce enter , carry a_ coffee mug . yawn . a clock on the counter read : 0 am he set the mug on the counter next to a coffee p pot , pour himself another cup . go to_the fridge , and take out a milk carton from the top shelf , close the door . ( continued ) 72 . continued : set it next to he coffee cup on the counter , then turn to a shelf above the sink for the sugar . as he 's reach for it -- a loud bang echoe as the fridge door be slammed shut . Bruce spin -- look to it , startle and confuse as he 's the only one in the kitchen , then -- -- he see that the milk carton be no longer next to he coffee cup . a dripping noise draw he attention back to the fridge , where milk be now seeping out of it onto the floor . Bruce slowly move over to it . hesitates a beat , then open the fridge . the milk carton be _ back on the top 's elf , but it 's be smashed completely flat , its content spilling down the interior . CUT to : int . live room - right after Bruce enter . look to Ed , lorraine , carolyn and Roger , who be seat on the sofa -- he demeanor , as well as the look on he face , draw they attention -- Jerome look over from the monitor . bruce there 's a -- um , something go on in the kitchen . the milk carton move . CUT to : int . perron house - kitchen - right after Bruce follow lorraine , Ed and Jerome into the kitchen . look to the fridge -- no milk be drip . in fact , there 's not even any milk on the floor . Bruce whip a glance to the counter , and there sit next to Bruce 's coffee mug , be the carton of milk , right where he set it the first time . bruce I swear , the carton be not there , it be back in the fridge , and smashed , milk be everywhere . jerome entertained ) probably just a draft -- I love moment like this . bruce alright , I get it . as lorraine follow Ed and Jerome out of the kitchen , Bruce lay a gentle hand on she shoulder , stop she . ( continued ) 73 . continued : bruce ( cont have can I talk to you for a sec ? she turn . lorraine sure . the other continue out . Bruce take a beat , then -- bruce you be right earlier about the baseball . the J and R be for Jackie Robinson . when I be ten , my dad take I to the World Series , yankee and dodger -- two dollar seat , leave fiel Jackie Robinson hit the win '' home run , and my dad catch it -- hand it right to I -- best day of my CUT to : int . hallway - same cu on the efd meter on the camera tripod in the hallway . the needle begin to bounce past 1.7 megahertz -- then slam to the outer edge of the range to 10 . the camera begin to flash repeatedly , the click click click sound of the motor drive blend with the pop of the flash . smash CUT to : int . kitchen - same the sudden flash from the hallway pull lorraine and Bruce 's attention back out the kitchen door -- lorraine quickly move out into the hallway to see -- int . downstair hallway - continuous -- another flash pop from the camera set up in the hall . Ed and Jerome , who have stop at the bottom of the stair , have they eye glue on it as well . -- a second later , the camera position at the top of the stair start flash . + ed . it 's move upstairs . Ed move quickly into the -- 74 . int . live room - continuous -- where he join carolyn and Roger , who have they eye glue the monitor as the camera keep strobing throug the dark hallway . lorraine , Bruce and Jerome come up right behind he -- carolyn oh my God . they look to the monitor show Cindy 's room . as she and andrea sleep peacefully , there breaths be freezing on exhale . erome that 's gotta be one of the fastest temp drop I have ever see . CUT to : int . cindy 's room - same the camera in the closet start flashing , strobing the room with burst with white light . the girl start to stir . intercut - it 's really hard for Roger to stay still -- Cindy 's eye pop open -- she sit up . freak as the intermittent light give she staccato glance of something stare in at she through the window -- -- it 's the beast she see before as a shadow . she scream ! andrea bolt upright in fear , then -- the loud , echoing SOUND of a slide - bolt close over and over , join the mayhem -- it 's come from the closet . Roger can not stand it -- take off out of the room -- the slide bolt noise suddenly stop -- along with the flash , casting the room back into darkness . the girl dash out the bedroom door into the hallway just as Roger get there , both fold into he arm . the camera at the end of the hallway strobe a flash -- the girl scream again , fearful of what they can not see . int . house - stair - same Ed be head up as the camera at the top , pop off another flash . a second later -- -- the camera in the downstairs hallway flash , draw Ed 's attention back down the stair . ( continued ) 75 . continued : he wait for more flash , but nothing happen '' lorraine step out of the live room and look up to he -- ed whatever it be , it come back down . dissolve to : int . master bedroom - night Roger be hold andrea in he arm , sit on the edge of the bed , while carolyn be latch onto Cindy , cuddle on the other side . he look to she -- roger hey ... her eye meet he . he try to say something , but can not find the word -- carolyn --- it 's okay . CUT to : int . cindy 's room - closet - right after Bruce be filming Jerome , who be hold a efd out front of he as he slowly move about the closet . he push clothing aside to get closer to the wall behind . Ed be at the entrance , unload film from the camera on the tripod . lorraine watch . Jerome pull the efd away from the wall -- jerome I be not get anything . Roger join the group . lorraine how be the girl ? roger better . Ed look to Roger . ed they say that bolt noise definitely come from in here ? roger ... yeah . ed is_ there anything behind this wall ? Ed knuckle tap the panel -- ( continued ) 76 . continued : ; roger no idea . ed do you mind if we take a look ? roger I do not care what the hell you do to it . CUT to : soon after tight on a section of wood panele be pried back off the wall with a hammer . wide -- to see Ed slide the hammer up and down along a anel 's seam to loosen it . he finally pull it back off he wall -- lorraine be the first to see -- -- a SMALL 2 's x 2 's trap door frame within another wall that latch from the outside via a slide bolt -- -- a woman' very obese hand , finger like sausage , aggressively slam it close , then slide a latch across to lock it . resume — lorraine and the other be look at the trap door . Ed kneel down . undoe the latch . slowly open the door . it 's too dark to see anything beyond . ed can someone get I a flashlight -- roger yeah , there 's one in we room . ro ger disappear for a moment . lorraine put she hand on 's shoulder -- _. lorraine let I go in . lorraine get on she hand and knee as Roger come back with a small flashlight . hand it to she . '' she thumb the switch . shine it into the open door -- -- the light stretch into what look like a narrow crawl space frame in wood . lorraine slip half she body inside , keep the light shine ahead . 77 . int . crawl space - continuous lorraine can barely make it out , but see that the crawl space seem to open up . lorraine look like there 's some sort of room . her flashlight suddenly die -- casting she into total darkness . fhe palm it a couple of time -- get the beam to shine again . as she point the light down the crawl - space ahead -- -- a young boy and girl , full of angst and panic , scramble toward lorraine , passing right through she body - - it 's the two she see in the photograph earlier . resume —- lorraine be slightly startle , but continue into the room ahead . int . hidden room - continuous lorraine slowly stand , she flashlight quartering the darkness . cobweb everywhere reflect off the light . it fall upon a makeshift bed with a old , dust cover blanket , which have slinky toy sit on it . lorraine pick it up -- see a wooden box next to the bed with other toy in it . she let she light wander , discover that every wall be completely cover with the same phrase scrawle in crayon , over and over . she move closer . see what it say ; ‘m sorry mommy . I ’m sorry mommy . I ’m sorry sok . i'm sorry mommy ... lorraine stop -- sense something . she slowly move the light off the wall and angle it to she forearm -- it 's cover in goosebump . and for a second , she heart skip a beat -- there 's something else she see —- -- the light cascade past she forearm down to the floor illuminate bathsheba 's dirty , crusted bare feet , straddle she own -- from behind . before lorraine can turn around -- -- she be aggressively shove into the wall . the movement jar the flashlight and slinky from she grasp and drop to the floor . smash CUT to : int . closet - same Ed react the noise and immediately head into the crawl space . ( continued ) 78 . continued : . ed lorraine ...? int . SMALL room - same lorraine be reach for the flashlight on the floor just as Ed crawl in . lorraine I be alright . ( beat ) it be she , Ed . she look hard to he -- definitely impact . lorraine ( cont would ) I have never feel anything so dark . ( beat ) we have to get she out of this house -- CUT to : int . closet - right after as Ed and lorraine come out , Ed look to Jerome , direct -- ed grab the camera -- I want to see what we get . dissolve to : int . downstair bathroom - later Ed and Jerome 's movement be fast and precise as they be busy convert the bathroom into a small darkroom ; a photo enlarger be on the counter with three solution trays line up next to it . a small rope have be strung up along a shower rod . as Jerome pour developer into one of the trays , Ed finish screwing in a light bulb and flip the wall switch , wash the room deep in crimson . CUT to : int . live room - right after lorraine be sit before the monitor , she eye on the one revealing the master bedroom , where Roger be cuddle andrea on the bed , who be sound asleep . carolyn be next to he , do the same with Cindy , who be also asleep . chirp cricket and croaking frog drift in through a open window next to she . ( continued ) 79 . continued : -- a loud thud pull she attention outside to where she see something flopping on the ground by the barn , dust rise -- as if there be some sort of struggle . Bruce walk into the room carry a cup of steaming coffee . lorraine keep you eye on the monitor for I , will you . I '’11 be right back . lorraine head out of the room . CUT to : ext . perron house - right after lorraine move toward the flopping movement , which seem to be slow with each step she take . as she get to it , the flopping stop . see it 's a enormous barn owl -- neck break , eye wide open . Dead . a compassionate look sweep over lorraine 's face , until she hear -- -- a distant blend of voice ; pain , fearful , full of anxiety . she follow they to the back of the barn , where through a thick wall of tree and shrub , she can barely make out a old , beat pathway that thread through . she head in . CUT to : ext . growth - right after the voice begin to grow in volume as lorraine walk deeper into the growth fight she way through overgrown branch , follow what 's leave of the pathway . she come out into a small clear to see where the voice be come from . before she , surround by a crumble stone wall and completely overgrown with weed , be a old cemetery with maybe forty tombstone within ; some break , some topple , some incredibly wear . the voice seem to be come from somewhere on the other side . she move into it . a wind begin to tumble piece of foliage across the ground , then one tombstone catch she attention -- the name read : bathsheba sherman . she move up to it as the voice get louder and louder -- it 's almost deafen , then -- -- the voice instantly stop , and thing fall into a awful silence . it become unnerve as lorraine sense something , a presence -- very close . she scan the surround tree , but everything beyond be swallow in the shadow of the night -- she keep stare , know something be just beyond . after a moment —- ( continued ) 80 . continued : lorraine turn around to bathsheba sherman 's grave . see something | protrude slightly from the ground before it -- it 's a chi 's hand , half cover with dirt and leave ; the skin be white , hail chip -- full of grime . more leave blow away , revealing more of a body barely bury . lorraine inch closer -- it 's a young girl -- matte hair cling to the porcelain white skin on the side of she face . the head be turn sideways . as lorraine move around to get a better view -- she look to the little girl 's face -- blanch , it 's she daughter , Judy . then , the expose white skin begin to grey , and continue to darken and become ash - like -- the breeze blow every part of she away . panic invade lorraine 's body as a slow realization overwhelm she . she take off run back the way she come . smash CUT to : ext . wood —- pathway - night tree branch claw at lorraine 's clothes as she retrace she step on a wild scramble to get back . she can see the barn up head . she blow out the overgrowth and continue she sprint past the barn and to the house -- -- barely slow to whip open the front door . int . house - foyer - continuous as lorraine dash into the house and head to the kitchen , Bruce look at she from the live room , confuse by she frenzy of motion . int . house - kitchen - continuous lorraine come run into the kitchen . she 's out of breath . immediately go to the phone on the wall . quickly dial . Ed walk in , curious to what 's go on . he 's about to say something when she raise she hand to give she a secon lorraine ( into phone ) Mom , it 's lorraine . be Judy okay ? ( listen ) can you go check on she , please . ( listen ; irritate damnit ! just check -- please . lorraine look to Ed -- tear in she eye . keeps the phone to she ear -- ( continued ) 81 . continued : ed be you go to tell I what 's go on ? lorraine it be Judy . ed what do you mean ? lorraine I see she , out there -- she be dead -- a voice come back on the phone -- lorraine breathes a sigh of relief . lorraine ( cont would ) ( listen ) thank you -- I do not mean to scare you like that . ( listen ) I will explain later , okay . goodnight . lorraine slowly hang up . ed what the hell happen to you ? lorraine look to he , troubled . tear cascade -- lorraine I see Judy dead in a cemetery . it be some kind of warning , I know it . there be spirit trap there , I could hear they . she 's dominate both world . ed you have get to stop . lorraine snap ) stop what ? he take she by the shoulder -- ed this -- you know better . I warn you . lorraine I think something have happen to she . ed c'mere ... he pull she into a embrace -- gentle , sympathetic . whisper -- ( continued ) 82 . continued : ( 2 ) ( cont not d ) you just can not give . this thing any more strength than it already have . lorraine take a beat -- the realization set in . she give the slight of nod , know he 's right . ro oger poke he head into the kitchen -- andrea , who 's for asleep , be in he arm . roger you okay ? Ed look to lorraine , then address Roger -- ed yeah . ( beat ) you ? roger she wake up and be a little scared -- dissolve to : int . bathroom - later cu on a pair of tong hold onto a sheet of photo paper as it 's dip in a tray of developer . as a photo begin to emerge of the stairway -- wide -- to see Ed hold the tong . Jerome 's busy take . a already develop photo out of the wash tray , and clipping it onto a small rope tie to the shower rod . both be focus . something in Ed 's picture draw he attention in for a closer look -- -- a figure begin to materialize on the staircase . smash CUT to : int . live room - right after Ed hurry in . see that andrea be asleep , curl up on the sofa next to Roger , who be stroking she hair . lorraine be seat close by . Bruce have crash in the chair by the monitor . lorraine and Roger look to Ed -- ed ( whisper ) you have get to see this . CUT to : 83. int . kitchen - right after Ed , lorraine , carolyn and Roger be stand at the table , look at a photograph -- Jerome stand aside , hold two more photo in he hand . lorraine he 's the boy I see in the hide room . angle on the photo - although grainy and transparent , it 's definitely the same boy with glass lorraine see , but he 's at the top of the stair , head down . jerome now check this out . he drop a second picture . although it 's the same angle , the boy be now five step further down the stair . he 's get a terrify look on he face as he 's look back up over he shoulder at something at the top of the stair . roger what 's he look at ? . jerome this -- Jerome drop the third photo from he hand onto the table before they . the image of the boy be go , but at the top of the stair be the dark presence of bathsheba sherman -- although gzainy and transparent as well , she image be a lot more define , and what stand out more than anything be -- -- she pupil-less , snow white eye . lorraine it 's she . Roger and caroly n 's eye be wide , transfix . roger ..- why would he be frighten of she ? he 's dead . lorraine from we perspective , yes . but from that child 's , she 's as real to he as you be to I . ( beat ) she may have die a witch , but she 's come back with a strength only Satan can give she -- CUT to : int . live room - same cu on the mantle where the cross Ed set up , topple with a soft '' clink '' . ( continued ) 84 . continued : wide -- a second cross set on top of the grandfather clock , fall onto a rug below with a muffle thud . a third cross on the coffee table join suit . the noise stir Bruce , then -- andrea o.c. ( soft , sleepy ) Cindy , ' stop it his eye shift to over to she . although she 's semi - asleep , she think someone 's mess with the back of she hair . Bruce watch in total shock as the back of andrea 's hair seem to rise up on its own . he slowly grab he camera to document it . CUT to : camera 's pov - as a groggy andrea reach behind and irritatingly swat at something that 's not there . her long hair continue to rise -- andrea I say to stop it . this time , she open she eye and see that no one 's do it , but -- -- her hair snap taut and she 's aggressively yank off the chair and onto the floor . she scream as she begin to get wildly snake all over the floor -- although Bruce drop the camera to its side -- it keep roll , give we a side view of Bruce move over to andrea and grab onto she . resume — whatever have hold of andrea 's hair , be strong enough to keep move they both as Bruce try to protect she , envelop the youn irl with he large bod tumblin this way , then hat way , when — - — g yr g -- the two of they be slam into the coffee table where Bruce take most of the impact -- piece of wood go fly . Ed and lorraine come run in -- Ed join the fight , struggle to hold Bruce / andrea in one place -- it be not work . the fight continue -- andrea be wild - eye , scream hysterically -- she hair stretch to its jimit . Roger come racing in , then carolyn , who seem less disturb -- roger ohmygod . ( continued ) 85 . continued : ( 2 ) Bruce and andrea hit the corner of the sofa , which push it four foot across the wood floor -- then they be immediately drag once again -- Roger attempt to latch on to they -- the strain on andrea 's hair look like it 's go to be pull out of she scalp , until -- whoosh ! a pair of scissor slice right through it , release all tension . the struggle instantly stop . stand over Bruce and andrea be lorraine , Jerome 's scissors in hand . Roger immediately pull andrea into he arm . Ed look to a very distraught Bruce , whose face be bloody from a wound on he forehead . ed you okay ? bruce I ' 1ll take a guy with a gun any day . Ed see the light on the camera -- ed do you get any of it ? Bruce nod . CUT to : ext . perron house - front - sunrise Ed and Roger approach the back of the perron 's station wagon , each carry two small suitcase . the first ray of morning light pierce the horizon . ed we be go to get the footage develop and bring it over to the church right away -- this house need to be exorcise as soon as possible . Roger open the back of the car -- roger I ''tl get you pay back for the hotel . ed let 's not worry about that right now . we see the gratitude run deep for Roger as he place the suitcase inside . ( continued ) 86 . continued : roger when do you think you can get someone out here ? ed it should only take a couple of day . ( beat ) but listen to I -- Roger look to he -- ed ( cont would ) -- under no circumstance do anyone come back here until we say so . CUT to : int . perron house - base of stair - same lorraine come out of the live room . Bruce and Jerome be in the background , break down the equipment . she approach andrea , who be sit in Cindy 's lap on the bottom step -- the trauma still apparent on_her face . it 's hard for lorraine to see this little girl like this . lorraine it 's go to be okay -- nothing 's go to hurt you again . I promise . andrea stands_ and give lorraine a unexpected embrace . it linger . lorraine be first to unlock from the hug , but andrea still cling for a few second longer , then let she go . look to Cindy -- lorraine ( cont would ) be you mom upstairs ? _ _ cindy no , she 's in the kitchen . lorraine 's walk to the kitchen doorway -- peer in . it 's empty . she notice that the back door be open . CUT to : ext . perron house - back porch - right after lorraine head outside . she catch a glimpse of carolyn head into the wood behind the barn . CUT to : 87. ext . wood - right after lorraine make she way through the wood , literally retrace she step from before . as she approach the clear , she can see -- -- carolyn sit on the wall of the cemetery with she back to she Light pierce down through the thick canopy above . lorraine caroly n .. carolyn do not turn around . lorraine slowly approach . lorraine ( cont would ) be you okay ? as lorraine near , it 's hard to tell if it 's the afternoon light and shadow be play trick with she eye , but it look like , from the side view , there 's something off about carolyn 's face -- it almost look like another woman 's -- carolyn slowly swivel she head to lorraine -- which seem normal now , but there 's a distance in she eye . carolyn yes ...? lorraine what be you do here ? lorraine notice that carolyn be hold the slinky she see in the hide room . dissolve to : int . warren 's plymouth - right after Ed and lorraine drive along a country road . lorraine she say she just want to see it , and she be hold the slinky I see in that room . ( beat ) as far as I be concerned , the church can not get there fast enough . dissolve to : ext . boston - day High camera angle - drop down onto the Warren 's plymouth as they drive across bunker Hill Bridge and into downtown Boston . ( continued ) 88 . continued : camera keep drop down . we be close enough to see the plymouth pull curbside to : ext . cathedral of the holy cross - boston - continuous Ed park in front of a very large , impressive stone structure with peak roof and stain glass . as Ed and lorraine get out of the car , they hear the soft , angelic ging voice of a young boy emanate from the open front door of the church . they head up the stone step to the open door . the sing continue . CUT to : int . church - right after Ed and lorraine enter . they be dwarf by its massive size . the center aisle split through numerous row of pews . up front , a choir director stand off to the side during a rehearsal , as a young g boy . sing he heart out . a all boy choir stand sitent behind they . Ed dip he fingertip into a bowl sculpt from marble , full of Holy water . say a silent prayer , then cross himself . lorraine follow suit . the two of they be approach by Father jordon . greet they with a warm smile . father jordon let 's see what you have get . dissolve to : camera 's skew pov of - the last few second with bruce and andrea thrashing about the floor , just as she get she hair cut by Roger . Wide to see , we be -- int . church - father jordon 's office - day Ed and lorraine be sit down with Father jordon . thick curtain be pull across a pane window . Father jordon turn off a projector next to he that 's be throw the sequence onto a screen set up against a wall . we see Ed 's tape recorder on the table as well . Ed and lorraine look to Father jordon for he response . he seem a little stunne . father jordon you be not kid -- I 'il get this to the archbishop right away . dissolve to : 89 . ext . warren house - front door - evening Ed and lorraine exit they car . Judy come out the front door and lorraine run to she , swoop she up in she arm . Ed 's mom be in the background . dissolve to : superimpose : six day later int . diner - day lunch crowd . Don McLean 's '' american pie '' play in the b.g. as Cindy and andrea be sit on bar stool at a linoleum counter , pick through lunch . out of ear shot , and seat at_a booth opposite the counter , be Roger . he 's with Ed and lorraine , and look stress out . roger but you say it would only take a couple of day . ed we do not know why it 's take so long . Father jordon say that the vatican keep tell he to be patient , but I be drive to New York tomorrow to see if Father langston can find out what 's go on . he 's a high level cardinal we have work with before -- and know the archbishop pretty well . roger I be just so worried about carolyn . I think all the stress has_been too much . she 's not herself at all -- have not shower , do not wear makeup , be barely 's sleep . and she just disappear for hour at a time . off they look -- CUT to : int . mathews dry good 's - day a set of knitting needle be place on a counter . wide - we see it 's a very unkept carolyn who have place they there to purchase . Shannon 's niece , maddy , be at the cash register , a little uneasy . maddy do you need any yarn ? ( continued ) 90 . continued : carolyn shake she head no . dissolve to : ext . saint patrick 's cathedral - new york CITY - next day a massively impressive structure of stone , stain glass and tower cathedral . Ed be in a phone booth on the corner , the phone press to he ear -- ed Father langston call the vatican directly and they tell he it have be present by the archbishop , but there 's some issue . lorraine ( v.o . ) issue -- what 's that suppose to mean ? ed he do not know , they would not elaborate . CUT to : int . warren house - kitchen - same lorraine 's sit at the desk . lorraine what be we go to do ? ed ( v.o. ) I do not know -- I be go to hit the road , it 's go to be midnight before I get home as it be . lorraine alright , be safe . Love you . ed ( v.0o . ) Love you , too . CUT to : int . warren house - kitchen - later the phone ring . lorraine enter the kitchen and answer it . lorraine hello ? ( listen ) hey Jerome -- ( continued ) 91 . continued : o.c . the doorbell ring . lorraine ( cont would ) ( call out ) honey , I be on the phone , can you see who that be ? CUT to : int . warren house - foyer - same Judy come down the stair . judy okay , mom . she continue to the front door . open it to see a ups delivery man stand before in a crisp brown uniform . hold a over-size manila envelope . judy ( cont would ) hi. ups well hi back . would you be part of the Warren family ? judy yep . ups well then , here you go . he hand she a large manila envelope . ups ( cont would ) have a nice day . judy thanks ! he leave . CUT to : int . kitchen - right after Judy walk in -- lorraine 's still on the phone . lorraine -- Ed 's about to lose he mind . lorraine look to she -- see the envelope and read the return address : it 's from Shannon in harrisville . she motion for Judy to put it on the desk , which she do . gudy grab a small basket off the kitchen counter . look er mom -- ( continued ) 92 . continued : . judy ( whisper ) I be gonna go get some egg , ' kay ? lorraine cover the mouthpiece . judy ( cont would ) that 's fine , honey . Judy head out the back door . CUT to : ext . warren house - backyard - continuous Judy make she way to the chicken coop . call out -- judy gertrude , henrietta , lolly ... at the coop Judy open the coop door . step in . she 's surprised to see that there be not any chicken outside the hen house , but -- something in the dirt at she foot catch she attention . she take a closer look -- -- it 's the slinky from the perron house , half in and out of the dirt . she pick it u examine , then put it in she basket 4s she head to the henhouse door . judy gertrude , where be you ? more silence . Judy unlatch the door . swing it open . she step in . int . henhouse - continuous as Judy 's eye slowly adjust to the minimal light , unbeknownst to she , the henhouse door slowly c ose behind she . CUT to : int . kitchen - same lorraine watch Judy out through the window . lorraine we will let you know when we find out any thing . ( beat ) say hi to you mom . ( continued ) 93 . continued : just _as_ she hang up -- a ear curdle scream from Judy erupt from the henhouse . lorraine 's body go tight , then she kick it into high and race out of the kitchen to the backyard . ext . house - continuous lorraine be move fast as she leg will carry she to the chicken coop . lorraine Judy ! no answer -- and it 's kill she . at the chicken coupe a lorraine ( cont would ) Judy ? lorraine barely slow down to open the outer door and move inside the coop . lorraine ( cont would ) honey , answer I . she sprint to the henhouse door and try to open it , but_it will not budge -- she give it ever thing she 's get , pull as hard as she can , then -- it finally whip open . lorraine race in -- int . henhouse - continuous -=- see Judy on she knee , face the opposite direction . she turn to she mom , tear roll down she cheek . have one of the chicken in she lap -- it 's not move . judy gertrude 's dead , mom . they all be . lorraine look past . she daughter -- dead chicken be everywhere -- all they neck break at obscure angle . lorraine see the slinky in the basket next to she daughter . dread begin to set in for lorraine . lorraine where would you get that ? through she tear , Judy follow she mom 's sight to the basket . judy it be on the ground . CUT to : 94 . int . warren house - kitchen - soon after lorraine walk Judy in . dump the slinky in the trash can . dissolve to : int . master bedroom - night lorraine and Judy , who 's now wear pajamas , sit on the edge of a four post , chiffon - canopy bed as lorraine finish braid Judy 's 's hair . she have calm down significantly . judy do you call daddy and tell he ? lorraine he 's on the road honey , I 'il tell he when he get home . time CUT to : master bedroom - later a shaft of moonlight pierce through a window , stretch across lorraine 's face in bed . lorraine 's eye suddenly pop OPEN , startle . she look to Judy , who 's talk in she sleep , say : judy I be sorry mommy , I be sorry mommy . the word chill she to the bone . she give Judy a slight nudge -- lorraine Judy . Judy do not awaken , continue -- judy I be sorry mommy , I be -- lorraine honey -- she shake she harder . Judy 's word fade as she roll over , sound asleep . lorraine slowly sit up , digest the current event . she gasp -- -- someone be stand in the far corner of the room . pat it look like bathsheba sherman stare right at she , ut — - -- it 's not a ghostly image -- it look real . ( continued ) 95 . continued : keeping she eye on the corner , lorraine reach she hand over to turn on the lamp . flip the switch -- illuminate the corner , where -- -- there be no woman . only a narrow corner cabinet . lorraine let out a sigh -- lorraine ( cont would ) get a grip , lorraine . CUT to : int . master bathroom - right after lorraine , now wear pajamas , finish wash she face , then exit , turn the light off . int . master bedroom —- continuous she walk over to the bed where Judy be sound aslee crawl under the cover . as she reach to turn oft the light -- she blood pressure race north -- the slinky she throw away be right there . the four post on she bed begin creaking -- she slowly look up -- -- stretch out upon the canopy , be bathsheba sherman -- the contour of she eye , face and body clearly outline as she descend closer and closer -- the force of which cause each of the bed post to strain , bend inward like they be make of rubber . lorraine remain paralyze , unable to move ... chill by the ominous reality of this unholy spirit . lorraine dig deep and find some inner strength to get herself move -~ scoops Judy up . dash out through the bedroom doorway just as the door whip close right behind she . CUT to : ext . denny 's restaurant - night Ed come out with a thermos . get into the car . int . warren' plymouth - continuous as he set the thermos down on the passenger seat , he heart skip a beat -- -- the picture of judy dangle from the mirror have change . ( continued ) 96 . continued : the cross be now break and hang upside down , and Judy 's eye be white , void of pupil , identical to bathsheba sherman 's in the earlier photograph . smash CUT to : int . denny 's restaurant - right after Ed be use a phone at the front counter -- CUT to : int . warren house - same camera slowly move through the house . everything be still . the only thing we hear be the phone ringing and ringing -- no one answer . smash CUT to : int . warren 's plymouth - night Ed 's haul ass as he slide a turn and pull up in the driveway of he house . skid to a stop . jam out . CUT to : int . warren house - front door - right after the door swing open . Ed swiftly enter . . ed lorraine ? no answer . ed ( cont have ) -- lorraine ? he sprint up a set of stair before he . on the stair / hallway Ed , take two at a time , speed to the top , then make a hard right , head for the master bedroom . the door be close . Ed get to the door . open it . he look to the bed . empty . his panicked gaze shift about the darkness -- lorraine 's not in there . Ed continue down the hallway to Judy 's room . door 's rie close too . he slowly open it -- afraid of what he 's go to find . ( continued ) 97 . continued : he look to the bed . empty as well . his panicked gaze shift about the darkness , then there , tuck in a shadow be the silhouett body of lorraine . she 's sit on the floor with Judy in she lap . Ed dash to they -- lorraine 's get a bible open before she , and a rosary tuck into she hand . she and Ed 's eye meet -- ed what happen ? she do not say anything , almost as if she can not , then -- lorraine ..-- she be here , ed. smash CUT to : int . kitchen - right after Ed move into the kitchen -- full of anger . llorraine 's behind he . ed I do not believe this . Ed go to a address book by the phone on the counter -- quickly thumb through it . ed ( cont have ) we be suppose to be safe here , and you open the door for she . lorraine you make it sound like I mean to . ed you know the rule . Ed find it incredulous . see the number he 's look for and dial . lorraine be near tear . dissolve to : int . bruce levy 's house - study - right after a single light illuminate Bruce . have the phone to he ear . rain pelt against the window . his pregnant wife , same age , appear in the doorway , concerned . bruce I will . do you tell Jerome ? ed ( v.0. no . I can not get hold oe he , he 's on he way back from he mom 's . ( continued ) 98 . continued : bruce i’1l get a apb out and have someone pull he over and tell he to call you immediately . ed ( v.0o . ) great . be careful , Bruce -- do what I say , and say it with conviction . bruce I will . Bruce slowly hang up . look to he wife -- bruce ( cont would ) we need a bible . dissolve to : int . jerome 's van - early morning Jerome be behind the wheel jistening to a eagle eight track kick out '' take it easy '' . early morning light be just peek over the horizon . as the van crest a knoll -- -- he have to lock up he brake ! block the road before he be a horrible accident between a Ford Pinto and a chevrolet station wagon . skid mark scar the pavement . smoke and steam rise from both . Jerome hold the wheel tight , fight for control as he van fishtail and slide onto the dirt shoulder , he clip the front of the Pinto , spin the van into a three - sixty before it come to a abrupt stop . he look back at the wreckage . see that two teenager be emerge out of the Pinto , but the station wagon 's solo occupant , a man in he fifty , be slump forward , not move , and flame have engulf the engine compartment . ext . road - continuous Jerome exit the van and race to the station wagon -- pass the teenager , who be bloody and confuse . jerome get off the road ! he get to the station wagon -- the driver 's window be down . his head lean against the steering wheel . still wear he seat belt . Morning news flow from the radio . Jerome reach in , feel for a pulse -- find one . look to the engine . flame be grow . grab for the e driver 's door handle , but it 's all smas in . ( continued ) 99 . continued : reaches through the window to open it from the inside and pull on the lever -- do not work either . he quickly move around to get to the other door -- the heat grow intense as he round the front and get to the other side . as he pull the door open -- the radio continue in the background -- radio dj it 's five - fifteen for you early riser -- skidding tire drow out the dj . Jerome look to see that a eighteen wheeler have come over the knoll and be a wall of metal slide right at he sideways -- brake lock up . Jerome do not even have time to react as -- -- whammmm ! the tail end of the rig pick he clean away from the station wagon -- like he be target . SNAP to black : int . warren house - kitchen - morning Ed 's on the phone as he stand at the counter . look frustrated . ed I leave a message a couple of hour ago for Father jordon , be he back yet ? man' voice ( v.o. ) no , I be sorry -- we do not expect he to return until this afternoon . ed there 's get to be some way to get hold of he . man' voice ( v.o. ) we can not interrupt he , he 's ina bereavement council . ed when he come in , tell he this be Ed Warren , and it 's imperative that he call I as soon as possible . he have the number . just as Ed hang up the phone , it ring . he find it odd , but answer . L ed ( cont have ) ..- hello ? as he listen , he face pale , he head lower into one hand ; grieve . ( continued ) 100 . continued : ed ( cont have ) ( sotto ) no...no ...no. lorraine enter , look to Ed , immediately sense more trouble -- Ed continue to listen for a few beat , then -- ed ( cont have ) .-- alright , thanks . he numbly hang up . lorraine .-- Ed , what be it ? he slowly roll he head toward she -- ed that be Bruce . Jerome 's dead . lorraine could not have hear that right . lorraine what ...? ed car accident , early this morning . lorraine 's eye well -- Ed get enraged . slam he fist hard onto the counter . ed ( cont have ) enough ! a wave of determination sweep over he . 4 ed ( cont have ) I be drive to the church and get this exorcism do today . she move over to he as he 's grab he key . lorraine I be go with you . ed no -- you be not . the lack of faith in he voice sting she hard . he walk out of the kitchen . CUT to : int . warren' plymouth - right after Ed 's sit in the driver 's seat . just as he start the car , the back passenger door open . ( continued ) 101 . continued : he look to see lorraine , who have the manila envelope from harrisville tuck tnder she arm , help Judy in -- ed what be you do ? lorraine we be take Judy to you mom 's , then go to the church . together . I will not walk away from this people , they need we -- this be what we do . ed you can not , you be too involved . lorraine maybe -- but that 's what give I the strength to fight for that family too . I be go . the look on lorraine 's face leave no doubt for Ed that she 's back on track . he nod . she close the back door , then climb into the front . dissolve to : in the car - later Ed be drive as lorraine read the page send from Shannon -- they pass a sign that rea Boston 245 mile . lorraine -- between the sherman and the perron live there , the house have only be own by two other family . one be the walker , whose kid be the one I see , and the other be the heicht -- it say ghey have a son who be drown by he mother -- smash CUT to : underwater - black and white footage of the boy Cindy see on the stair -- he last breath of life escape he mouth in a air bubble as he mother hold he under a foot of water near the shore of a pond . the body go limp , he eye lock wide open , stare at he mother , stand above the surface of the water -- expressionless . lorraine ( v.o . ) -- who then kill herself ... smash CUT to : the mother ( continued ) 102 . continued : step right in front of a fast move train -- it 's brutal as we catch glimpsis of she body tumble under the train . resume - lorraine ( sotto ) oh my Lord ... lorraine look to Ed with a sudden realization -- lorraine ( cont would ) ... she possess the mother to continue the sacrifice to Satan . CUT to : int . church office - boston cathederal - office - night Ed and lorraine walk right into Father jordon 's office , who 's in the middle of speak with the archbishop , father o'malley ; distinguished look - late sixty . both be catch off guard by the intrusion . ed I want to know what the hell 's go on -- we can not wait anymore . father jordon Ed and lorraine , this be archbishop , Father o’malley . beat ) I try to call you . ed we have be on the road . father o'malley please , sit down . ed I do not want to sit down . I want a exorcism perform . today . what 's the problem here ? Father o’malley take a beat -- what he 's about to say do not look easy . father o’malley the church be refuse to grant one . Ed look like he 's be sucker punch . father jordon the family be not parishioner , 1. and the child have not be baptize . lorraine so what ? ( continued ) 103 . continued : father o'malley believe I , we have try , but the vatican be worried about public opinion if they be to ste outside the boundary of the church . ed tell the vatican no one give a shit . this need to be stop ! now ! father o'malley please understand , my hand be tie on this matter -- I feel horrible about this . Ed be dumbfounded . ed so you be go to do nothing ? CUT to : ext . boston cathedral - front - right after a bitter Ed and lorraine walk out of the church with Father jordon . ed we be just go to have to find someone else . , father jordon you be not go to get anyone to go against the church , Ed ed I do not believe this . Father jordon reach out to Ed and lorrain -- stop they . as they eye meet -- there 's a intensity to he gaze . father jordon you have both have see it do dozen of time -- Ed look at he like he 's out of he mind . ed that do not make we qualified . father jordon but you strength and knowledge of the scripture can . ed we have see it go horribly wrong , even with a Priest . ( continued ) 104 . continued : father jordon I believe we Lord recognize faith far more than he do training and education , or politics for that matter . ( beat ) this family do not have a choice , but you do -- and , you have God on you side . if you want to help they , then help they . Ed look to lorraine , both they mind a whirl of limited option . CUT to : ext . harrisville motel - night Cindy and andrea approach they hotel room . just as Cindy reach for the doorknob , the door swing open , revealing garglyn stand right before they . her dirty hair be pull back and be wear a jong grey dress -- she 's '' even more gaunt and unkempt than the last time we see er . she step out , close the door behind she . carolyn come with I . cindy where ? carolyn we be go home . andrea but dad say -- carolyn ( abrupt ) -- he 's meeting we there . c’mon . CUT to : int . HOTEL room - same camera pan across the room and find Roger on the floor next to a break lamp . he 's not move and the back of he head be bloody from a blow to the head . CUT to : int . perron 's car - night carolyn 's drive . the girl be in the back . they ride in silence for a few moment , then -- ( continued ) 105 . continued : cindy be you okay , mom ? carolyn do not answer . the girl look to each other , more confuse . they worry continue to escalate . carolyn shift she eye to the rear view mirror and for a brief moment , the eye we see be not hers anymore ; this be dark , menace , soulless . dissolve to : s.o. of a phone ringing . and ringing . int . phone booth - night Ed hold a phone to he ear . lorrain be in the plymouth , park outside the booth . smash CUT to : int . harrisville HOTEL room - same cu on the phone as it continue to ring . ring again . and again . a hand then reach into frame and fumble for the receiver . grab it . wide -- it 's Roger , who 's fight some pain as he hold the back of he head . ed ( v.o. ) hello ...? hello ? Roger finally answer -- roger Ed -- she try to kill I . ( v.0 . ) ( fearful ) where be the girl ? time CUT to : int . perron car - later carolyn turn down the driveway and head toward they house that sit dark in the distance . cindy you say dad be go to be here . no answer from carolyn , who continue to the front of the house and park . she grab a bag hold the knitting needle as she get out . ( continued ) 106 . continued : Cindy and andrea look at each other -- they can not figure out what 's go on as they watch they mom continue to the front door and disappear inside the house , leave the entrance completely open . CUT to : ext . perron house - front porch - right after gindy and andrea walk up to the front door with caution in they step . a chill chew on they spine -- -- the cellar door at the end of the hallway be wide open -- the deep scratch a eerie reminder of why they have keep it close . the chair and wedge have be push aside . cindy call out ) Mom , what be you do ? we should go . still no response . gandy take andrea b the hand , and reluctantly head inside the house . ey 9 go down the hallway toward the cellar -- slow step '' after slow step . cindy ( cont would ) Mom -- be you down there ? when they get to the door , they peer in to see , a vacant staircase . cindy ( cont would ) Mom ... ? a slight shuffle noise be the only response . cindy ( cont would ) Mom -- answer I . be you okay ? the noise stop . Cindy 's instinct be scream at she to leave , but this be she mom . cindy ( cont would ) ( to andrea ) stay here . Cindy try the light switch -- do not work . andrea ( panicked ) let 's just go . Cindy ignore she . int . cellar - continuous she head down . stop halfway -- ( continued ) 107 . continued : cindy Mom ...? whoosh ! a hand suddenly shoot out from between the stair , grab onto she ankle , trip she -- =-_cindy grab onto the handrail to keep herself from fall . she look to the gap between the stair to see she mom stare out at she with that wild , soulless eye -- hand still fatch onto she foot . Cindy heel drive she free foot against she mother 's wrist , freeing the grasp she have on she and scramble back up the stair . int . hallway - continuous Cindy whip the door close ! the second she slam the chair back into place -- a loud , violent banging on the door reverberate right before she . the gizis recoil from the impact , visibly tremble -- how do they mom get there so fast . either way , they be get the hell out of there . two step into they departure -- -- the cellar door fly off hinge -- the chair go fly . stand in the doorwa half in and out of the darkness , be carolyn ; she breat " be elevate , almost hiss on each ex ale as she grip the knitting needle tight in one hand . both the girl spin on they heel . Race for the front door , which slam shut right before they . the girl scream . Cindy struggle with the door , but it will not udge . andrea open it ! open it ! cindy I can not . Movement through a side window catch she attention -- -- it 's Roger racing up the driveway in the pickup . cindy ( cont would ) daaaaaad ! Cindy throw a panicked look over she shoulder to see she mom approach . she grab she little sister by the hand and race up the stair . smash CUT to : ext . house - same Roger slide the truck to a skid stop . jump out . ( continued ) 108 . continued : cindy o.c. daaaaaaaaaad 1 !!! Roger run to the front door . it 's lock . Front kick the crap out of it until it bust from its frame . rushes in . smash CUT to : ext . colin taft road - night cu on police cruiser light flashing wide . we see Ed and lorraine 's car travel right behind Bruce levy , who be drive a police cruiser , escort they at high speed as they slide a turn onto the perron 's driveway . CUT to : int . warren be car - same Ed and lorraine see Roger 's truck with its door ope n -- engine still run . '' its headlight be on , lighting the house like center stage . the car skid to a stop . just as they all get out - -- a gunshot echoes out in the night as a muzzle flash pop from a bedroom window upstairs . smash CUT to : lorraine turn and give Ed a disturb look . Bruce be with they as they all head into the house . he draw he gun . int . perron house - continuous cindy 0.¢c. daddy , no !! Ed , Bruce and lorraine kick it into high , racing up the stair . CUT to : int . house - upstair hallway - right after as they come off the top of the stair -- cindy o.c. ( plead ) ... please , let she go ! Ed race down the hallway to the master bedroom . door 's close . lorraine and Bruce be right behind . ( continued ) 109 . continued : Ed yank the door open to see -- -- Roger have a rifle point point blank at carolyn 's head , who have she arm wrap around andrea in a death rip , hold she next to the bed -- the knitting needle aving fall to she foot . there 's scattered plaster on the floor from a fresh bullet hole in the ceiling above . Cindy be a short distance away , petrify . roger carolyn , let she go -- do not make I do this , please . ed Roger -- no . he snap -—- roger she try to stab she ! ed it 's not she do this ! andrea struggle ... barely able to breath . Ed move closer to Roger , who 's barely hold it together . andrea ( barely audible ) mommy , you be hurt I . cindy Mom , stop . roger carolyn , let she go . ed pull that trigger be exactly what this witch want you to do -- it 's another sacrifice . Bruce move into the room , close in on Roger -- bruce Roger , just lower you gun -- give it°to I . roger no ! carolyn , let she go ! Roger look like he could lose it any second -- lorraine Roger , please -- give he the gun ... we see Roger struggle with a decision -- stare at carolyn 's maniacal face before he . ( continued ) 110 . continued : ( 2 ) she seem to be enjoy every second of this , torment he by pull andrea in tighter -- lorraine ( cont would ) c'mon , give it to Bruce . carolyn immediately put more pressure on andrea -- who be now beginning to turn slightly blue . he raise it up again . ed do not give she what she want . Roger yield . roger you better be right . as he lower the gun to give to Bruce -- wham ! he 's kick by carolyn with such brute force , he fly backwards across the room into the wall . Glass fly , gun he slide across the floor . Cindy 's lose it fast . and Bruce move in to grab hold of carolyn . Ed get a backhand to the face . draw blood . Bruce leap onto carolyn , bring she and andrea to the floor , but she grip remain strong on andrea , continue to squeeze the life out of she , now more than ever . lorraine ( to Roger ) grab she arm ! loraine and Roger latch onto the arm , she strength over - whelming -- Ed get to he foot , extract the vial of Holy water . dip he forefinger into it . '' cross himself . ed my Lord , you be all powerful , you be God , you be we Father -- carolyn instantly arch she back , fold she body into a upside down '' U '' . d get close , reach out , place he finger on carolyn 's 's forehead , make the sign of the cross -— ed ( cont have ) ecce crucem donine , fugite partes adversa ! behind it all , we hear lorraine say the Lord 's prayer . the picture fly off the dresser at sonic speed and disintegrate into the oppose wall . Glass shatter . ( continued ) lll . continued : ( 3 ) ed ( cont have ) I beg you Lord , through the intercession and help of the arch angel Michael , rafael and Gabriel , for the deliverance of we sister who be enslave by the evil one . Cindy stand still -- paralyze with fear . ed ( cont have ) imponat extreman parte stolae ejus . Ed make the sign of the cross over he chest , then flick Holy Water on Carol a guttural scream escape carolyn 's mouth , which look like a spider web of saliva - - and for a nano - second , she skin become transparent , veiny , pulsate , she begin to writhe and rotate on the wood floor , take anyone hold on with she -- she body be unnaturally sti a sourceless wind erupt within the room -- spin every ything around -- clothing and hair whip uncontrollably . ed ( cont have ) sanctissima vero eucharistia super caput obssessi , aut aliter ejus corpori not admoveatur , ob irreverentia periculum . lorraine see carolyn 's eye keep fade back and forth -- from pitch black pupil , to blue -- as if there be a internal struggle go on -- ; ; lorraine fight it , carolyn ! do not let she ake you ! the dresser slide agross the floor , rip deep scratch in the wood . £ just miss lorraine by a fraction as it plow rie it y she , bounce off the bed frame and embed into the drywall . lorraine look to Cindy -- lorraine ( cont would ) help we ! ed keep she away -- lorraine no Ed -- there 's a reason she hasn / t kill she , carolyn 's still fight the possession -- she can p she ! get she to fight this ! Ed pause for a second , he mind racing through limited option . agree with lorraine . nod . ( continued ) 112 . continued : ( 4 ) lorraine ( cont would ) to Cindy ) take she foot ! Cindy quickly obey , hold down she mom 's foot as carolyn arch unnaturally ; a contortion that would seemingly break anyone 's back -- -- carolyn then collapse back down to the floor with a loud thud , but keep she death grip on andrea , who 's now limp in she arm ; she face turn blue from lack of oxygen . Ed and Bruce frantically try to pry she finger off of andrea , but she 's too strong . the wind build in intensity . lorraine look into caroly n 's eye that continue to fade back and forth -- lorraine ( cont would ) you fight she carolyn , do not give up . cindy please mom , please ! you can do it . make she let go of andrea ! ed nos eripere de potestate diaboli . ab omni hoste visibili et invisibili et ubique in hoc saeculo liberetur . the bed flip up against the wall , window blast open , the light surge with power . carolyn give one last burst of energy ; muscle twitch and vein rise from under she skin , but everyone hold she down tight -- then , like someone pull the plug , carolyn stop move , become limp , almost catatonic . her arm fall off of andrea , who roll to the floor in a dead heap . everything fall still -- not a sound . it 's over . Roger immediately begin to give he daughter mouth to mouth -- everyone watch on . crying , praying , hope ... a cough draw they attention -- it 's carolyn , who be attempt to get she bearing ... when she finally do , she 's overwhelm when she see she daughter not move , then - -- a small cough erupt from andrea , who then take a deep breath . tear flood from she father and sister . carolyn crawl over to they , stare at andrea eye to_eye ; both emotional wreck . pulis she into a embrace . Roger and Cindy join in . lorraine take a beat watch the perron 's reunite , then look to ed. go over to he . they eye meet -- she smile . ( continued ) 113 . continued : ( 5 ) ed ( cont have ) you do good . lorraine you too . Long beat . ed still feel like quit ? a slow smile grow on she lip -- lorraine not just yet . slow dissolve to : ext . warren house - day Ed and lorraine pull up in they driveway . Judy and she grandmother come out the front door to greet they . Judy run to the car . as lorraine give she a warm hug , Ed extract a box from the back seat and hand it to she . she open the top to see twelve baby chick inside . off she smile , we fade out . the end . over black scroll the perron family leave the house that day , and never return . they relécate to Oregon , where they have not have anymore encounter . shortly after they move , the house be purchase by a anonymous buyer , whom Ed and lorraine believe be the Catholic Church . the warren go on to investigate over eight thousand case , and to this day , Ed be the only non-ordained demonologist ever recognize by the vatican . it be one year later that the Warren 's be call to amityville .