the cider house rule written by John Irving production draft fade in . begin title sequence . ext . ST cloud be - train station - dawn a establish shot of the rundown train station on a overcast morning . there 's snow on the station platform . a train arrive and depart . larch ( v.o. ) in other part of the world , young man of promise leave home to make they fortune , battle evil , or solve the problem of the world . behind the station , at the top of the hill , lie the St. cloud 's orphanage . larch ( v.o. ) I be myself such a young man , when I come to save the orphanage in St. cloud 's ... many year ago . ext . ST . cloud be - orphanage - early morning a man and woman ( couple # 1 ) make they way toward the main entrance of the large brick building . larch ( v.o. ) here in St. cloud 's , I have come to understand that promise be rarely keep , that the battle be not so much against evil as ignorance , and that be successful can not hold a candle to be of *use * . the couple enter the orphanage , where we hear the sound of baby . larch ( v.o. ) nor have I solve the problem I come here to solve . int . orphanage - morning two nurse , edna and angela , chase child --a morning routine . larch ( v.o. ) even in the most enlighten time , unwanted baby will manage to be bear . that there will always be orphan be simple not a problem to be solve . here be St. cloud 's , we do not regard the sordid fact of life as problem . the camera go up the stair with some of the kid . int . larch office - day we enter a office where dr . larch show couple # 1 they newly adopt son , homer , a infant who lie smile in Dr. larch 's arm . larch ( v.o. ) in truth , we have only have one real problem . we close in on the infant until he face fill the screen . larch ( v.o. ) his name be Homer Wells . Dr. larch hand over the infant to the adopt parent . larch I name he after the Greek writer . you know Homer , of course ? hesitant nod . ( they do not look as if they read . ) larch I make he name " Wells " because I could tell he be very deep . the parent look with pride at they adopt son . larch ( v.o. ) in truth , nurse Angela name he -- she father * drill * well , and " Homer " be one of she family 's umpteen cat . int . / ext . orphanage - day at the front door , larch and the nurse wave and call good - bye to Homer , they close the door . int . / ext . orphanage - night the same door swing open ; it 's another night . the same couple be bring Homer back . there be concern in they face as nurse edna let they in . int . boy' division , doorway - night larch be deliver he benediction to the boy . larch " good night , you prince of Maine , you king of New England ! " as he turn , he be startle by nurse edna , wait with couple # 1 and baby Homer . adopting mother there 's something wrong with he ! he never make a sound . larch look quickly at Homer . larch ( v.o. ) he do not cry enough for they , if you can believe it . adopting father do you think we could have a look at someone a little different ? the mother hand over the baby to larch . baby Homer let out a happy squeal as soon as he 's in larch 's arm . the parent stare in disbelief . larch ( v.o. ) thus be Homer Wells return . he be too happy a baby . ext . orphanage - day Angela and edna call and wave good - bye to a two - year - old Homer , leave with couple # 2 . larch stand on the porch and watch the family head down the hill . larch ( v.o. ) the second family have a unfortunate gift for get sound out of Homer . int . couple # 2's home - day larch burst into the home of the second couple and lift a cry and bruise Homer out of he bed . there be rage in larch 's eye as he look at the couple . larch ( v.o. ) the rumor be true . they beat he . he could not stop cry . ext . hill , ST . cloud be - day larch carry Homer up the orphanage hill . larch ( v.o. ) here be St. cloud 's , I try to consider , with each rule I make or break , that my first priority be a orphan 's future . int . delivery room - day the naked belly of a very pregnant woman . larch ( v.o. ) easier say than do . a tiny hand come in with a stethoscope and put it on the big belly . Young Homer 's head , with the stethoscope around he neck , pop up behind the belly ; he close he eye as he concentrate on listen to the sound of the unborn child . larch stop in the doorway , catch sight of Homer . he smile faintly . ext . couple # 3's home - day the door open to a third couple smile at we , welcoming and embrace a sixteen - year - old Homer . behind they wait the would - be stepsister -- a attractive girl , a little older then Homer . larch ( v.o. ) I tell the third family to take good care -- this be a special boy . int . stepsister's bedroom - night Homer and the stepsister be in bed together . the parent burst in on they -- the father chase Homer around and around the bed , the mother beat she daughter , who cover herself with a pillow . larch ( v.o . ) it be Homer who take too much good care of himself . ext . couple # 3's home - night from she window , the stepsister watch Homer leave the house carry he suitcase . Homer look up at she as he walk to the street . ext . orphanage - early morning it 's after dawn , but still a little dark , as Homer walk to the orphanage door , suitcase in hand . a hugely pregnant woman arrive at the same time . they stand awkwardly next to each other , wait for someone to answer the door . the woman be cry . Homer reach out and take she hand . homer do not be frighten . everyone be nice here . pregnant woman do you live here ? homer I just belong here . the woman sniffles ; she nod vaguely . the door open . nurse edna let the woman in and embrace Homer . larch ( v.o. ) what could I do with he ? he keep come back ! int . larch office - day larch instruct a older Homer from " Gray 's anatomy . " Homer be bored and look out the window . larch Homer , if you be go to stay at St. cloud 's , I expect you to be of use . int . delivery room - day Homer look adoringly at Dr. larch as larch examine another pregnant woman . larch wave Homer over ; he place the boy 's hand on the woman 's abdomen , to feel the fetus kick . larch ( v.o. ) but , in fail to withhold love , have I create a true and everlast orphan ? I have be too successful with Homer Wells . I have manage to make the orphanage he *home * . int . operating room - day larch close a door quickly behind he ( so that Homer do not see the abortion patient in the o.r . ) int . delivery room - day Homer assist larch in deliver a baby . ext . incinerator - day Homer carry a white enamel pail to the incinerator . he look inside the pail ; he stop . larch ( v.o. ) God forgive I . I have * make * a orphan by loving he too much . Homer Wells will belong to St. cloud 's , forever . hold on Homer 's disgust expression as he stare at the content of the pail . end title sequence . fade out . we hear a song play on a old phonograph . int . dispensary - day we see the song play on the old phonograph . Dr. larch be take ether . he hold the bottle in one hand , the cone over he mouth and nose with the other . super : ST . cloud be , maine , MARCH 1943 . when larch doze off , he hand loosen its grip on the cone ; the cone fall off he face , and he wake up . then he put the cone back in place , drip more ether from the bottle to the gauze cover the cone . Pan the dispensary , which also serve as larch 's photo gallery and bedroom apartment . the ether - bed be separate from the room by a hospital curtain ( the kind on caster ) . we see the recording revolve , the glass - encase cabinet of medical supplies , the old photograph of St. cloud 's . Homer enter , he stand uncomfortably , watch larch for a moment . then he turn around and walk back into the corridor . int . corridor - day Homer call out as though he 's just come down the corridor . homer Dr. larch ! Dr. larch ! int . dispensary - day larch wake up ; he shake off the ether haze . Homer reenter . homer we have get two new patient , one to deliver . Dr. larch and Homer leave together . int . corridor - day the * two * doctor walk briskly down the hall , a couple of professional . larch first pregnancy ? homer yes , for both . larch ( sarcastically ) I presume you would prefer handle the delivery . homer ( tiredly ; a old topic ) all I say be , I do not want to perform abortion . I have no argument with * you * perform they . larch you know * how * to help this woman - - how can you not feel *obligate * to help they when they can not get help anywhere else ? homer one : it 's illegal . two : I do not ask how to do it -- you just show I . larch what * else * could I have show you , Homer ? the only thing I can teach you be what I know ! in every life , you have get to be of use . Homer and larch split off and disappear into two different operate room . as he go , Homer mumble to himself , " of use , of use , of use . " int . operating room - day larch and Angela be prepare the ether for dorothy , a not visibly pregnant woman . the sound of labor across the hall can be hear over . larch ( hold the cone ) have you ever have ether , dorothy ? dorothy once , when they take out my appendix . angela ( look for scar ) no one 's touch you appendix . dorothy whatever it be ... the ether make I sick . larch it will not make you sick this time , dorothy - - not the way I do it , just a drop at a time . dorothy I can not pay for this , you know -- I get no money . larch one day , dorothy , if you have any money , a donation to the orphanage would be very much appreciate . angela only if you can afford it . larch ( hold the ether bottle ) try to think of nothing , dorothy . Angela put the cone over dorothy 's mouth and nose ; larch drip the ether on the cone . a newborn wail in the other o.r. over . int . delivery room - day Homer have deliver carla . a newborn baby be scream in edna 's arm . Homer be attend to carla , who be panting . homer that be good , carla - - that be * perfect * . everything 's fine . carla I do not wanna see it ! edna you do not have to see it , dear . do not worry . carla I do not even wanna know what sex it be -- do not tell I ! homer we will not tell you , carla . you be go to be okay . edna you * baby 's * go to be okay , too . carla I do not wanna know ! larch pop into the delivery room ; he peer at the baby . larch he 's a big boy ! carla let I see he , for Christ 's sake -- I wanna see he . edna show the baby to carla , who stare , then turn away . larch whisper to Homer . larch would you mind have a look at dorothy ? int . operating room - day Angela sit with the still - etherize dorothy while larch and Homer confer over a basin contain dorothy 's uterus . homer there be no visible wound ? larch no . the fetus be dead . her uterus be virtually * disintegrate * -- my stitches pull right through the tissue ! homer ( mystify ) it look like scurvy . larch ( derisively sarcastic ) scurvy ! ah yes , the curse of the old - time sailor , suffer long period at sea with no fresh fruit or vegetable . Homer , dorothy be not a * sailor * ! angela she 's a prostitute , be not she ? homer ( to Angela ) do you look in she purse ? larch ( frustrated ) I look everywhere else ! Angela hand larch a bottle of brown liquid . angela it 's call french lunar solution . larch wrinkle he nose at the odor . larch it 's not ergot , it 's not pituitary extract , it 's not oil of rue ... angela it claim to restore monthly regularity . homer it 's obviously a aborticide . larch obviously . larch wet he finger with the stuff , then touch it to he tongue . larch ( spit ) Christ , it 's oil of tansy ! homer I do not know it . larch if you take enough of it , you intestine lose they ability to absorb vitamin C . homer in other word , scurvy . larch good boy . good job . and you call yourself " not a doctor " ! ( to Angela ) keep a eye on she -- she 's in trouble . as Homer turn to leave , larch stop he ; he point to the basin . larch take care of that , will you ? Homer stop , annoyed ; he pick up the basin and empty the content into a white enamel pail . int . dine hall - afternoon miss titcomb be teach math to some distract boy and girl in a corner of the dining room . a blackboard on wheel be a mass of number . Homer , pass through the dining room with the white enamel pail , attract the attention of buster , a sixteen - year - old who be pick over a plate of pastry on a table . buster immediately go with Homer . buster I will help you . Homer shake he head , keep walk . buster follow . Dr. larch pass close to buster . buster make a face , disgust . ext . incinerator - afternoon buster and Homer tramp through the snow toward the incinerator . Homer still carry the pail . buster he * sniff * that ether ! I have see he do it ! homer it 's because he 's too tired to sleep . he have to . buster he * smell * like he could put you to sleep ! homer he 's a doctor , buster - - doctor smell like ether . buster * you be * a doctor , Homer - - you do not smell like ether . homer I be * not * a doctor . I have not be to medical school -- I have not even be to high school ! buster but you have study with the old man for * year *! homer I be * not * a doctor ! buster I be sorry , Homer . buster stand watch as Homer empty the pail into the incinerator . int . dispensary - night with he head inclined to the giant ear of larch 's phonograph , fuzzy -- six , thin , and pale and look remarkably like a embryo -- be listen to a recording . he can not hear what larch and Homer be say about he as they construct a humidify tent over a small hospital bed on wheel . the humidifier be operate by a car battery . larch fuzzy be not uncommon . I tell you , there 's something about the premature baby of alcoholic mother . they seem susceptible to every damn thing that come along . homer I have not read that . larch I have not , either . but you * will * . the moron who write the book should do a little research * here * . homer but be not fuzzy just ... well , underdeveloped ? larch when * do not * he have bronchitis ? I would not call he bronchial infection " underdeveloped . " would you ? larch pluck fuzzy from in front of the phonograph and zip he into the breathe tent . fuzzy smile . as larch leave , mary agnes , a pretty but tough - look teenager , come into the dispensary . homer what be it , Mary agnes ? Mary agnes smile at Homer ; then she stick she tongue out at he . Homer look at she impassively , but as the moment continue he expression suggest he annoyance . fuzzy start to cough ; he wheeze as he breathes . Homer lean down ; he peer at fuzzy through a hole by the zipper of the tent . mary agnes ( garble because of she tongue ) look ! Homer examine Mary agnes ' tongue . homer do you bite it ? mary agnes I do not remember . homer ( dismissively ) it look like you bit it -- it will be all right . mary agnes maybe I be kissing someone and he bit I . homer ( look at she tongue again ) no , you do it yourself . maybe in you sleep . mary agnes I must have be * dream * of kissing someone . Homer be not respond to she come - on . he wheel fuzzy into the hall . homer Story time , fuzzy ! int . girl ' division - night in the girl ' bunk room , nurse edna be say prayer . the girl lie with they palm press together on they chest . edna " oh Lord , support we all the day long ... " ext . ST . cloud be - the hill - night the building of St. cloud 's be silhouett against the sky . carla , the woman we see deliver the baby , be head down the hill alone , she sob , not look back . edna ( o.s. ) " ... until the shadow lengthen and the evening come , and the busy world be hushed , and the fever of life be over , and we work be do . " int . girl ' division - night in the bunk room again , with edna and the girl . edna " then in thy mercy grant we save lodging , and holy rest , and peace at the last . " all the girl amen ! amen ! amen ! int . boy ' division - night Dr. larch be read from Oliver twist -- the death scene of Bill sike 's dog . the boy listen in horror in they bed . larch " a dog , which have lain conceal till now , run backwards and forward on the parapet with a dismal howl , and collect himself for a spring , jump for the dead man 's shoulder . " Homer enter ; he walk quietly to he bed in the far corner of the room , where he start to undress . larch " miss he aim , he fall into a ditch , turn completely over as he go ; and strike he head against a stone , dash he brain out . larch turn out the light . from the open doorway to the hall , larch deliver he nightly benediction . larch good night , you prince of Maine ! you king of New England ! larch close the door , leave they in the semi-darkness . one young boy run into Homer 's bed , nervously giggle . fuzzy ( in he breathe tent ) why do Dr. larch * do * tht every night ? curly ( about seven ) maybe to scare we ... copperfield ( about eleven ) no , you jerk . steerforth ( about nine ) Dr. larch * love * we ! fuzzy but why do he do * that * ? buster he do it because we like it . the boy silently agree , Homer among they . ext . ST . cloud be - early morning the girl , lead by Mary agnes , round a corner of the orphanage , towing a sled pile high with snowballs . mary agnes buster be mine . you two get copperfield and curly . nobody touch fuzzy . they shriek as the boy suddenly surprise they . buster throw two hard snowballs that hit Mary agnes and clara ( eight or nine ) before Mary agnes overwhelm he and repeatedly stick he head in the snow . copperfield , terrify of Mary agnes , escape . curly miss , then tip over the sled of snowballs as Clara and the adorable hazel ( five or six ) throw he to the ground . fuzzy drop he one snowball ; he run aimlessly in circle , cough , as nurse edna explode from a door of the orphanage . edna stop it ! no fight ! * share * the snowballs ! buster ( mouth full of snow ) they be * our* snowballs ! they * steal * they ! mary agnes they attack we -- just like the jap ! fuzzy cough and wheeze , try to catch he breath . edna listen to you , fuzzy ! you have be run . you get to the shower ! a new couple come up the hill . the orphan stop and stare , brush snow off themselves , struggle to make themselves look presentable . curly be desperate to look he best . Mary agnes do not bother to pretty herself . she whisper to Clara and hazel . mary agnes I know the type -- they will take one of the baby . int . dine hall - morning the child be eat breakfast as the would - be parent walk around the table , look over the assemble orphan . curly work on he table manners ; he fork and eat a piece of pancake with elegance . Angela and edna try to make the couple slow down by the older child , but the couple stop and stare at the adorable hazel . int . baby room - morning larch and Homer be examine the baby . the doctor be check the baby ' grip , they eye , ear , and throat . Angela appear in the doorway . angela wilbur , the adopt couple be wait in you office . larch ( irritate ) life be wait . Angela disappear . larch look at the next baby 's record ( attach to the bed ) . larch where 's the name sheet ? homer nobody 's name this one yet . larch it 's my turn ! Homer be tired of this game . larch touch the child 's forehead with he index finger . larch henceforth you shall be ... Little dorrit ! the baby start to cry . homer he do not like it . ( look at the record ) he 's a boy , that 's why . larch can not a boy be a dorrit ? homer I do not think so . larch you do it then . Homer point he finger at the child 's forehead like a gun . homer henceforth you shall be ... Little wilbur . larch I be not crazy about the " Little ... " Homer be write the name . homer okay , he 's just a wilbur then . larch we have not have a wilbur here in a year or so , have we ? we use to have * dozen *! they be interrupt by copperfield , who come run from the corridor . copperfield they pick hazel ! the idiot choose hazel ! int . girl ' division - day hazel be be fuss over by edna . hazel clutches a cardboard suitcase and a tatter rag doll . Mary agnes , by far the oldest , sit on a bed . mary agnes if people want to adopt one of we , they should have to take the oldest first . edna please , Mary agnes ! this be hazel 's special day -- do not make she feel sad . mary agnes hazel 's practically the youngest of we . she should be the * last * to leave ! clara at least hazel can talk . usually they take one of the stupid baby . mary agnes they take the baby so they will not ever have to tell they that they be orphan ! hazel ( begin to cry ) I be not a baby ! mary agnes if you cry , hazel , they will just send you back . edna Mary agnes , that 's not true ! hazel cry harder . mary agnes that 's what they do to I ! edna you * want * to come back -- that 's why you cry . ( to hazel ) you can cry if you feel like it , hazel . you cry as much as you want . int . larch office - day Homer be in the corridor outside the office , overhear larch 's lecture to the couple adopt hazel . larch it be strictly for we orphan ' sake that I destroy any record of they natural mother . of course they will , one day , want to know . but orphan , especially , should look forward to they * future * . not back to they past . int . window , corridor - day Homer see curly stand all alone by a window in the corridor ; a suitcase be next to he . homer hi , curly . you go somewhere ? curly shake he head . curly I think they might take I . homer they want a girl . curly nobody ever want I ! Homer embrace curly and lift he up , he grab the suitcase and continue down the corridor . homer you be one of the best , curly - - we could not let just anyone take you . curly Dr. larch would not let just anyone take * any * of we ! homer that 's true . curly nobody 's ask for I , have they ? homer nobody special enough , curly . curly you mean somebody ask ? homer only the right people can have you , curly . Homer disappear into the boy ' bunk room carry curly and he suitcase , leave the corridor empty . int . / ext . orphanage - day face in the window ; the orphan watch hazel walk across the snowy lawn with she new parent . int . girl ' division - night edna ( with the girl ) give she good - bye bless to hazel . edna let we be happy for hazel . hazel have find a family . good night , hazel . the girl good night , hazel ! good night , hazel ! good night , hazel ! int . / ext . orphanage - front door - day the front door open . the orphan excitedly run outside onto the green lawn , into the warm weather of spring . int . dispensary - morning Angela be sing along with the song on the phonograph , a more romantic song then before , which rouse larch from he ether . he be grumpy , but she sing the song in he ear and will not give he back the ether cone ; he roll away from she , but she tickle he and bite he ear , coax he into a more playful mood . larch I be dream about you . how beautiful you be ! angela you be not dream about I . larch I be ! playfully , she slip out of he embrace . angela then I be not beautiful . larch you be ! you *are *! it be fantastic . angela it be just the ether , wilbur ... int . hospital room - night Homer wheel a tray with glass of water between the bed . a distraught pregnant woman stop he by she bed . homer be you okay ? can I get you anything ? distraught woman no one but I ever put a hand on I , to feel that baby . do not you want to touch it or put you ear down to it ? homer okay . Homer touch the woman 's belly . distraught woman put you ear there . go on . Homer cautiously lay he ear against she belly . distraught woman you should not have a baby if there 's no one who want to put he face right there ! she hold Homer 's head against she belly ; she press he face into she . she shut she eye . Homer 's eye stare widely . Dr. larch stop in the doorway ; he watch with concern . distraught woman stay right there . right where you be . stay right here . right here . ext . ST . cloud be - train station - day Homer at the train station , stare down the empty track . buster be hang around with he , kick a rock . buster do you ever think about leave this place to go find they ? Homer make no response . as the train approach , Homer and buster go sit on a load cart . they see the distraught woman ( no longer pregnant ) from Homer 's experience of a few night ago ; she be leave St. cloud 's without she baby , wait for the approach train . her face be a mask . the disapproving stationmaster give she a hard look . buster I mean you parent . homer I know who you mean . I think about leave here , but not to find * they * . buster why not ? homer whoever they be , they do not * do * any of the thing parent be suppose to do . Dr. larch do that thing , and nurse edna , and nurse Angela . buster yeah . but sometimes I wish I could meet mine , anyway . homer what for , buster ? what would you do if you meet they ? buster uh ... I would like to show they that I can cook , a little . homer you cook very well ! buster and that I can drive a truck ! homer ( laugh ) better than I can ! buster sometimes I want to meet they so I can kill they . just sometimes . buster be ashamed ; he know he 's say the wrong thing . buster Homer , you know I would never kill anyone -- you know I would not . homer I know . the slowly move train have stop . there be soldier lean out the window . buster turn to see Mary agnes walk past the train -- she 's do she best to look grow - up , sophisticated . one of the soldier reach out and gently tug on she hair . Mary agnes be enraged ; she spit at the soldier . buster I think Mary agnes could kill someone . homer I doubt it . she 's just a ... Mary agnes spit at * all * the soldier . homer ... emotional girl . the soldier roll up the window as Mary agnes improvise some verbal abuse . buster what 's she so emotional about ? homer ( shrug ) I do not know . she get leave here , like the rest of we , do not she ? camera close on Homer . int . dine hall - night the orphan be watch King Kong , the part when the giant ape first capture the scream fay wray . intercut Kong with the orphan ' rapt face . Homer sit near the front , mesmerize by the film . Dr. larch and Angela sit by the projector ; larch be read a letter . fuzzy point to the screen . fuzzy ( cough ) he think she 's he * mother * ! King Kong be undress fay wray in the cave . copperfield he do not think she 's he mother , fuzzy . fuzzy he do so ! he * love * she ! carla how could she be he * mother * ? larch shake the letter in front of Angela . larch ( a harsh whisper ) they want to replace I ! the board of trustees want to * replace * I ! angela ( whisper back ) they just want you to hire some new help . larch some new * thing * would be useful . I do not need any " new help . " the film break -- to huge cry of disappointment from the orphan . fuzzy cough and cough while larch fumble with the projector . Angela turn on the light while larch squint at the break film . the orphan be chant , " Kong ! Kong ! " larch Homer ! I need you ! Homer get up and walk to the projector . larch I think you take care of this . it always break in the same place . it 's you splice , be not it ? homer ( angry ) it 's * you * splice ! you blame I for everything ! larch abruptly let go of the film . larch Angela , we need a new movie , a new projector , a new typewriter - -* that 's * what they should replace around here ! edna come in ; she speak to larch , then quickly leave . edna we have a delivery . imminent , in my estimation ... larch turn to Homer . larch Homer , would you get this one ? Homer shift he weight to the other foot ; aggravate ; he stand there . homer she 's a patient , right ? she should see a doctor . Homer and larch stare at each other . larch ( try to stay calm ) Homer , you be a skilled and gift surgeon . you have near- prefect obstetrical and gynecological procedure . Homer be also try to avoid a fight . homer I just mean I would rather fix the movie . tonight . larch can not hide he disappointment . larch sure. okay . you splice . I will deliver . it be a uneasy peace . int . boy ' division - night ( later ) Homer be adjust fuzzy 's breathe tent as the other boy climb into bed . fuzzy Homer ... do not King Kong think the woman be he * mother * ? homer uh , sure -- that 's what Kong think , all right . fuzzy that 's why Kong love she ! larch come in and walk over to Homer and fuzzy . larch and Homer exchange a look . homer I think it be my turn . larch it be . I will get this . you go ahead . Homer sit down with ' David copperfield . ' there be quiet anticipation while Homer ready himself to read . homer ( read ) " whether I shall turn out to be the hero of my own life , or whether that station will be hold by anybody else , this page must show . " larch continue to adjust fuzzy 's breathe tent . homer " I be a posthumous child . my father 's eye have close upon the light of this world six month , when mine open on it . " fuzzy ( whisper to larch ) his father 's dead , right ? larch ( whisper back ) that 's right , fuzz . Close on fuzzy . homer ( o.s. ) ( continue read ) " there be something strange to I , even now , in the reflection that he never see I ... " as larch bend over fuzzy to fix the breathe apparatus , fuzzy whisper . fuzzy be * your* father dead ? larch ( nod , whisper ) cirrhosis - - it 's a disease of the liver . fuzzy * liver * kill he ? larch * alcohol * kill he - - he drank himself to death . fuzzy but do you know he ? larch barely . it hardly matter that I know he . fuzzy do you know you mother better ? larch ( nod , still whisper ) she 's dead now , too . she be a nanny . fuzzy what 's a nanny do ? larch she look after other people 's child . fuzzy do you grow up around here ? larch no . she be a immigrant . fuzzy what 's a immigrant ? larch someone not from Maine . ext . ST . cloud be - night the orphanage in moonlight . not a sound . ext . ST . cloud be - morning the child be chase a ball near the incinerator . a very frightened girl --- not one of the orphan -- be lie next to the incinerator . edna kneel by the strange girl , who cringe with fear . edna no one 's go to hurt you , dear . have you come to visit we ? we have bed , you know . have you have any breakfast ? what 's you name ? the girl will not speak ; when edna touch the girl 's forehead , she pull back she hand in alarm . int . operating room - morning edna be hold the head of the frighten young girl . the girl be feverishly hot and whimper ; she keep look at she foot in the stirrup as if she 's a animal catch in a trap . larch and Homer stand on either side of she . edna her temperature be a hundred and four . larch ( very gently ) how old be you , dear ? thirteen ? the girl shake she head . the pain stab she again . larch twelve ? be you twelve , dear ? ( the girl nod ) you have to tell I how long you have be pregnant . ( the girl freeze ) Three month ? another stab of pain contort the girl . larch be you * four* month pregnant ? the girl hold she breath while he examine she abdomen ; Homer very delicately examine the girl 's abdomen , too . homer ( whisper to larch ) she 's at least * five *. the girl go rigid as larch bend into position . larch dear child , it will not hurt when I look . I be just go to * look * . Homer assist larch with the speculum . larch tell I : you have not do something to yourself , have you ? twelve -year-old girl it be not I ! larch do you go to someone else ? twelve -year-old girl he say he be a doctor . I would never have stick that inside I ! homer stuck * what * inside you ? Homer hold the girl still -- she be babbling on and on while larch be examine she . twelve -year-old girl it be not I ! I would never do no such thing ! I would not stick that inside I ! it be not I ! larch , he wild eye peer into the speculum , make a audible gasp from the shock of what he see inside the girl . larch tell Homer to have a look . larch then whisper something to edna ; she bring the ether bottle and cone quickly . larch start put the cone in place , over the nose and mouth of the frighten girl . Homer bend to the speculum . larch ( to the twelve - year - old ) listen , you have be very brave . I be go to put you to sleep -- you will not feel it anymore . you have be brave enough . Homer stare into the speculum ; he close he eye . the girl be resisting the ether , but she eyelid flutter close . edna that 's a heavy sedation . larch you * bet * it 's a heavy sedation ! the fetus be unexpel , she uterus be puncture , she have acute peritonitis , and there 's a foreign object . I think it 's a crochet hook . Homer have pull off he surgical mask . he lean over the scrub sink , splash cold water on he face . larch ( to Homer ) if she would come to you four month ago and ask you for a simple D and C , what would you have decide to do ? * nothing * ? * this * be what do nothing get you , Homer . it mean that someone else be go to do the job-- some moron who do not know * how *! Homer , furious , leave the operate room . edna lift the girl 's eyelid for larch so that he can see how well under the ether she be . larch I wish you would come to * mee , dear child . you should have come to I , instead . int . corridor - morning Homer storm down the hall , then stop , pull off he white coat . angry , pace , he kick at nothing . ext . ST . cloud be - graveyard - early morning buster and Homer be digging the pit . larch pace by the coffin of the 12 - year - old girl . buster what would she die of ? larch ( inhale deeply ) she die of * secrecy * , she die of *ignorance *... buster nod , but he 's totally bewilder . larch ( to Homer ) if you expect people to be responsible for they child , you have to give they the right to decide whether or not to * have * child . would not you agree ? buster do not get it . Homer have hear this too many time ; he roll he eye . homer how about expect people to be responsible enough to control themselves to begin with ? larch how about this child ? you expect * she * to be responsible ? Homer look away . homer I do not mean she . I be talk about ... adult . ( annoyed ) you know who I mean ! larch study he . ext . / int . ST . cloud be road - truck cab - day buster be drive the old pickup truck , with the shovel and a wheelbarrow in the back . larch and Homer be in the cab , they be be bounce all over the cab by buster 's wild drive . larch look at Homer ; he stare at he with a curious smile . homer what ?! larch say nothing . Homer give he a look . larch ( smile ) it 's just a marvel to I that you still have such high expectation of people . homer I be happy I amuse you . larch ( to Homer ) try to look at it this way . what choice do buster have ? what be he option ? nobody will ever adopt he . ( buster consider this ) homer try to look at it * this * way . buster and I be sit right here beside you . we could have end up in the incinerator ! ( buster grin ) larch happy to be alive , under any circumstance -- be that you point ? buster be distract ; he drive the truck into a ditch and it bounce around , miss a tree by a inch . he be up on the road again in a few second . homer happy to be alive ... I guess so . they be all distract by a luxurious convertible that overtake they on the hill to the orphanage . the fast car be drive by a handsome man in the uniform of the Army Air Corps - - a young officer . from the passenger seat , a beautiful young woman smile at they , rendering they speechless . ext . orphanage driveway - day the luxurious convertible ( now park ) have draw all the orphan to it . the handsome young officer ( wally ) and the beautiful young woman ( candy ) stand confuse by the car ; they be surround by the curious orphan , with whom they be painfully self - conscious . they be overly friendly to the child as they be anxious of larch and Homer and buster ( in they gravedigge attire ) , who be get out of the truck . nervously , wally give the child chocolate . candy so many child . be they all orphan ? wally well , this * be * a orphanage . the kid climb into wally 's car . candy oh , they be get into the car ... watch you finger ! curly tug on candy 's dress , stare up at she , he face already smear with chocolate . curly I be the best . candy ( sweetly ) you be ? wally ( good with kid ) the best ? wow ! the best at * what * ? curly I be the best one . curly 's nose be stream snot . candy kneel beside he and hold she handkerchief to he nose . candy here , blow ... curly try to talk while she 's hold he nose . curly I really *am * the best , I just have a cold . candy blow ! there , I bet that feel better . curly ( sniff ) yeah . the other orphan be die with envy -- candy be so beautiful . ( some , like buster , be tear between candy and the car . ) larch curly , come here ! curly ( to larch ) * tell * they ! I be the one . virtually all the orphan have climb into wally 's car . homer ( to wally ) I be sorry . they be not use to see a car like this . wally it 's okay -- I do not mind . larch , scowling , present himself to the new couple . wally we bring some chocolate for the kid . larch ( witheringly ) chocolate . how * thoughtful * . larch pick up curly and carry he toward the boy ' division . curly I be the best ! * tell * they ! larch you be the best , curly . int . larch office - day Homer be seat in the desk chair . the impressive couple sit in front of he . homer so , Mrs ... candy candy . candy kendall . wally jump up to he foot to shake Homer 's hand . wally wally . wally worthington . wally sit down . the three sit still for a awkward moment . homer ( to candy ) how many month be you ? candy ( whisper ) two . Homer write on a piece of paper . candy and wally exchange a worried look . wally so , now , uh ... you be not ... I mean , do * you * do the -- homer no. Dr. larch will be perform the procedure . wally ( relieved ) ah , well ... okay . good ! I just wonder ... edna poke she head in the door . edna Excuse I , Homer . Dr. larch say this one be you turn . edna quickly see that all three of they have misunderstand she . edna oh , dear -- I be sorry . I mean the circumcision . that boy you deliver on Tuesday ... homer sure . Fine . have you prepped he ? edna I will get start . candy and wally can not conceal how impressed they be with the young Homer . int . corridor - day Homer walk down the corridor , dress in he operate gown , as the door to the o.r. open and wally stumble out , hurriedly open a window . wally breathes deeply to regain he composure . wally I think it be the ether -- the smell get to I . ( pause ) God . this be all my fault . edna come down the hall with a dirt-stain , cry curly who 's cover one eye . edna ( over the din ) steerforth get into the pantry -- he 's eat all the pie dough . curly ( sobbing ) he be not share it , either . edna he 's down the hall , throw up . Homer nod to edna , who be march off with curly . wally smile at Homer . homer what kind of plane be you fly ? wally a b-24 liberator . homer liberator ... wally have you enlist ? homer they would not take I . I be class iv -- I have get a heart defect . wally really ! be it serious ? homer no , it 's not serious . I be just not suppose to get excited . you know -- no strain , no stress . I try to keep calm all the time . wally hear Homer 's facetiousness -- how tired he be of he heart condition . wally oh , well . I do not imagine there 's any strain or stress around * here *! Homer appreciate the joke . the door to the operate room that wally exite open into the corridor ; candy be be wheeled out on a gurney by larch and Angela . wally rush to candy 's side . Homer follow slowly . candy be groggy , come out of the ether . wally how be she do ? larch just fine . candy ( slur speech ) Boy or girl ? angela it be nothing -- it 's all over . wally it 's all over , honey . they walk candy on she gurney . Homer look after they . candy ( slur speech ) I would like to have a baby , one day . I really would . angela why , of course - - you can have as many child as you want . I be sure you will have very beautiful child . larch wheel candy behind a curtain . larch you will have prince of Maine ! you will have king of New England ! larch have a different tone of voice when he speak to wally . larch I suggest you find yourself some fresh air , Lieutenant . wally be leave alone in the corridor . int . boy ' division - day cranke at three - quarter , fuzzy sit in bed , wheeze and cough . he 's draw with great intensity , use crayon on a piece of paper hold by a clipboard . Homer sit on the end of fuzzy 's bed , clean up steerforth . Homer pause to look out of the window ; he see wally , dash and spotless in he uniform beside he flashy car . a life Homer might have have cross he face . fuzzy ( o.s. ) Homer , when be Halloween ? Homer turn to fuzzy , who hold up he picture - - a big pumpkin with a jack -o- lantern face . homer ( distract ) uh ... it 's the end of October . fuzzy be that soon ? Homer look at fuzzy ; he little body be work hard just to breathe . steerforth that 's a few month away , fuzz. ( to Homer ) I still do not feel so good . fuzzy ( disappointed ) oh . it 's the best time ! how come we only get pumpkin once a year ? fuzzy cough and cough . homer do not get too excited , fuzzy . fuzzy why can not we have pumpkin for Christmas , too ? we do not get any good present at Christmas , anyway . Homer look out the window at wally again . his decision form . ext . orphanage driveway - day Homer approach the flashy car , where wally be still pace . homer have anyone offer you anything to eat ? wally actually , someone do . I just do not think I could eat anything . a awkward silence , which Homer cover by examine the car . homer ( try to sound casual ) I wonder if you might give I a ride . wally sure ! be glad to ! uh ... a ride where ? homer ( unprepare ) where be you go ? wally we be head back to cape Kenneth . Homer nod , but he have no idea where cape Kenneth be . homer cape Kenneth ... wally nod . homer that sound fine . int . stairway / corridor - day Homer run up the stair , two step at a time ; he race into a corridor at full speed , exhilated . suddenly Dr. larch appear in front of he . Homer stop abruptly , out of breath , unable to speak . int . larch office - day as Homer stand guiltily , larch rifle through a x-ray file , hold various X ray up to the light screen . he quickly find the one he 's look for , attach it briefly to the screen for a confirm look - - a heart X ray , which larch wave at Homer as he talk . larch ( sarcastic ) doubtless you will let I know what immensely worthwhile or at least *useful * thing it be that you find to do . homer ( restrain ) I be not intend to leave here in order to be entirely useless -- I expect I will find some way to be of use . larch in other part of the world , I suppose there be other way . homer ( still restrain ) of course . larch ( blow up ) be you really so * stupid * that you imagine you be go to find a more gratify life ? what you be go to find be people like the poor people who get leave here -- only nobody take care of they as well ! and you will not be able to take care of they , either . there 's no take care of * anybody * -- not out there ! homer ( feel trap ) you know I be grateful for everything you have do for I ... larch ( calmly ) I do not need you gratitude . larch hand Homer the heart X ray . homer ( exasperate ) I do not need this -- I know all about my condition . larch it 's you heart -- you ought to take it with you . camera close on Homer with the X ray . int . kitchen - late afternoon buster and Mary agnes be serve the evening meal while larch rail at Angela and edna , who be help buster and Mary agnes . the sound of child in the dining hall be intermittent and chaotic . edna go where ? do he have a plan of some kind ? angela will he be back soon ? larch I do not know ! he 's just leave -- ( to Angela ) you be the one who say he need to see the world ! ( to edna ) * that 's * what he will do -- he will see the world ! edna ( stunne ) he 's leave ... angela he will need clothes ... some money ... larch let he try to * make * some money ! that 's part of " see the world , " be not it ? angela ( angrily ) oh , just stop it ! you know this be go to happen . he 's a young man . larch ( almost break ) he 's still a boy -- out in the world , he 's still a boy . angela just find he some clothes , wilbur . he could use some clothes . camera close on larch , fight tear . int . boy ' division - afternoon Homer be pack he thing -- we see the heart X ray , and some photo of larch and edna and Angela . larch approach Homer with a small bundle of clothes . larch ( gently , almost reverently ) I think this will fit you . Homer be grateful and ashamed . before he can speak , edna be there - - a wad of bill in she hand . she try to put the money in he pocket ; when he refuse it , she simply put the money in he open suitcase , stuff the bill under he clothes . edna you will need some money -- just a little something , until you find a job . larch and edna retreat from he , humbly , as if they be he servant . ext . driveway - afternoon as Homer put he stuff in the truck of wally 's car , Angela can not resist touch he face . she be too upset to speak . from a window , larch be watch the departure . he see Homer say goodbye to the child , embrace they . from another window , fuzzy just stare . ( of course he 's cough . ) we see wally carry candy to the car . candy ( groggy ) I be okay -- I can walk . wally I do not want you to walk -- I want to carry you . should I put the top up ? it might get cold . candy no -- keep it down . I want to feel the air . she speak to Homer , touch he sleeve , like a sleepy person , as wally put she gently in the backseat . candy ( still groggy ) come with we ? it 's always a good idea to have a doctor along for the ride . Homer get in the passenger seat beside wally , who start the car ; suddenly there be curly . Homer can not look at curly , who look betrayed . edna pick up curly and carry he to the passenger - side window . curly be sobbing . homer I have to go , curly . I be sorry . ( to edna ) I could not find buster . will you tell he ... he can not finish what he have to say . edna kiss he good - bye . from the window , larch watch the car leave . buster , whittling a stick , be not watch . int . / ext . wally car - on the road - afternoon there be quiet as the journey get underway . wally keep glance at candy in the rear-view mirror ; she seem distant , lose in think . Homer be take everything in -- the speed , the road , the wind in he face . int . boy ' division - night Angela speak to the boy . angela let we be happy for Homer Wells ... int . girl ' division - night in the girl ' washroom , in front of the mirror by the row of sink , Mary agnes be repeatedly slapping she face . Angela 's benediction to the boy play over this scene of violent self - abuse . except for the sound of the slap . Mary agnes do not make a sound . angela ( o.s. ) Homer Wells have find a family . good night , Homer ! all the boy ( o.s. ) good night , Homer ! int . dispensary - night on he bed , larch be take ether . we hear the refrain from the boy in the bunk room over . all the boy ( o.s. ) good night , Homer ! good night , Homer ! good night , Homer Wells ! int . wally car - night the radio be play . candy be lie down , she knee draw up , in the backseat ; she appear to be asleep , oblivious to Homer and wally 's conversation . wally actually , the Army have give I leave twice . first when my father die , and now I be on leave to help my mother -- I be just try to get she ready for the harvest . she 's no farmer . apple be my dad 's business . and with the war on , she 's short on picker . candy 's eye be open but she voice be groggy . candy ( to Homer ) wally think apple be boring . wally ( to Homer ) I never say they be boring . candy you say , " apple be not exactly fly . " wally well , they be not . Homer look back at candy . her eye close . homer I think I would probably like the apple business . wally you be a little overqualified , be not you ? homer no , I be not . I need a job . wally the only job be pick job . pick apple be truly boring . candy 's eye snap open and she sit up a little . candy there ! you say it be boring . wally well , * pick * they be ! it 's about as exciting as ... walk ! candy seem irritate with wally . Homer try to engage she . homer be you family in the apple business , too ? candy no , but I work there -- I like it . my dad 's a lobsterman . homer I have never see a lobster . candy really ? homer I have never see the ocean , either . wally ( amaze ) you have never see the *ocean * ? Homer shake he head , smile . wally that 's not funny ... that 's * serious * . ext . / int . roadside / car - night the car be park at the side of the road . wally be half - hide behind a tree . candy and Homer be leave alone in the car ; there 's a awkward silence as Homer pretend not to hear wally 's excessive pee . suddenly candy start to sob . candy I could not have a baby with someone who 's leave I -- I do not know what else to do ! Homer be a doctor - - he 's use to postabortion reaction . homer I know . candy he 's go to be drop bomb on mandalay ! they be go to be shoot at he ! homer where 's mandalay ? candy burma ! homer oh ... candy I can not have a baby alone . I do not even know if he 's come back ! homer I understand . he do not , really . wally return . wally lean over candy to hug she . wally honey , honey ... of course I will come back . candy pound on he chest with she fist . candy you do not * know * , wally . you have no *idea *! wally back away . candy sob uncontrollably . candy stay away from I ! wally signal to Homer to get out of the car . later , wally and Homer stand outside the car , overhear candy 's weep . Homer be smoking nervously . homer ( strictly medical ) this be all normal . do not worry . the abortion procedure ... it affect you . it 's the ether , too . it will take a little time . wally I do not * have * any time . there 's a * war *! homer it 's all very normal . wally look at Homer , who take a nervous drag on he cigarette . wally you ought to cut that shit out -- it 's terrible for you . Homer look at wally ; he see the authority in he eye . Homer drop he cigarette and put it out with he foot . they notice that candy have stop cry . wally find candy asleep in the backseat . ext . wally car - on the road - late at night the lone car on the road . snatch of war news from the radio be the only sound as the headlight illuminate the dark highway . ext . coast of maine - morning the car be park , with Homer sleep in it alone . the sound of the ocean increase as Homer open he eye . Homer get out of the car and walk toward the beach , enchant . there it be : he first view ever of a ocean , the horizon , the sun glimmer on the water . candy be lie on a blanket in the sand . wally be throw rock in the water . Homer take it all in . when candy call for he , Homer walk up to she . candy I be a little worried about the ... ( she gesture below she waist ) ... about how much bleed be okay . homer it should taper off tomorrow , but it can come back again . you have cramp ? ( candy nod ) they will ease up , almost entirely . as long as the bleed be not heavy , it 's normal . wally ( o.s. ) catch ! a football come fly through the air toward Homer ; it bounce off he chest . wally laugh . wally ( meaning the football ) give it here ! Homer throw the football ; it 's clear he 's never throw one before . wally what be * that *?! come over here ! Homer run over to wally , who proceed to show he how to pass the ball . snatch of he instruction drift to candy , who close she eye . " put you finger on the lace - - no , it rest in you palm , like this ! you want the lace up -- yes , like that ! " ext . coast of maine - day ( later ) Homer and wally sit on the beach a short distance from candy 's blanket . she appear to be asleep . wally look in she direction before he speak to Homer . wally it 's call the burma run . it 's about a seven-hour round - trip flight between India and China . wally draw a crude map in the sand . homer " burma run " because you fly over burma ... wally * and * over the himalayas . that 's call fly over the hump . on candy 's face : she 's not asleep ; she 's listen . homer ( o.s. ) at what altitude ? wally I have get thirty - five minute to climb to fifteen thousand foot -- that 's the first mountain pass . Homer look at wally , thoughtfully . homer what lousy luck -- I mean you order ... to draw a assignment like that ! wally ( conspiratorially ) actually , I volunteer . Homer be shocked ; he look back at candy , lower he voice . homer it 's the fly , right ? you love to fly , do not you ? wally nod ; he also give a look in candy 's direction before he respond . wally I love the bombing , too . but there 's also the himalayas - - they have the most wick air current in the world . I would not miss fly there for anything . Homer 's smile suggest that he 's impressed , but that he would not have wally 's enthusiasm for the task . wally laugh and put he hand on Homer 's shoulder . wally uh , look ... if you be serious about want a job , pick apple be not that boring . homer oh , I would love that , wally . ext . cape kenneth - lobster pound - afternoon the car be park at a lobster pound . Homer sit in the car watch wally carry candy 's bag to the door . candy stand outside the car ; she shake Homer 's hand . candy I guess I will see you around the orchard . thanks for everything . homer sure ... I will see you around . candy turn and head toward the house to catch up with wally . a lobsterman in he boat be approach the dock . it 's ray , candy 's father . candy wave . " hi , daddy ! " Homer glance at candy and wally on the dock , kissing good - bye . candy ( whisper ) I love you , wally . wally I love you , too . see you tomorrow . ext . ocean view - worthington house - late afternoon wally drive up to the worthington house ; he get out of the car . Homer sit in the car , admire the beautiful farmhouse . wally come on . you have to meet my mom . ( conspiratorially ) if it come up , I have be at a wedding . that 's where I meet you , at the wedding . int . worthington house - wally bedroom - late afternoon Homer as never see such a room : the sport trophy , the photo of athletic team , and of candy with wally . model airplane be everywhere . Mrs. worthington 's voice come from the hall . olive ( o.s. ) wally ? I expect you earlier ... she appear in the doorway of wally 's room . Mrs. worthington ( olive ) be a elegant , fiftyish New englander , as handsome as wally , but more reserve . she be surprised to see Homer . wally this be Homer Wells -- he 's the most overqualified apple picker you will ever meet , but he 's die to learn the apple business . wally be take he uniform off as he speak , just drop it on the floor as he quickly put on some farm clothes . olive how do you do , Homer Wells ... Homer have never meet anyone like she . homer how do you do ... Mrs. worthington start pick up she son 's uniform from the floor . she be politely curious about Homer . olive be you a friend of the bride or the groom ? Homer look confuse ; he seem to have forget about the alleged wedding . wally put he arm around Homer , urging he into the hall . wally Homer be everybody 's friend , Mom ... the bride 's , the groom 's , mine , candy 's , * everybody 's * . Homer be embarrassed , but olive be obdurately well - mannered . olive well , perhaps you will come to dinner , Homer ... wally call to she as he push Homer down the hall . wally not tonight , Mom - - he 's get to meet * Mr. Rose *! ext . cider house - dusk Homer and wally get out of the jeep at the cider house , a barnlike building with adjacent shed and , behind it , line after line of tree -- the apple orchard . Homer see a outdoor shower where three black men be shower . it be a wooden stall that leave the shower 's occupant visible above and below they midsection . a FOURTH black man be catch naked , run behind the cider house and out of sight as he wrap a towel around himself . jack you already use up the hot water ! muddy you be usin ' my soap , be not you ? jack I be not usin ' no soap -- it 's too cold to bother with soap ! muddy there be not never enough hot water , soap or no soap . wally they be migrant . homer ( no clue ) migrant ? wally yes . they pick fruit , all kind . they travel up and down the coast with the season . ( lean close to Homer ) the trick to Mr. Rose be , you have to let he be the boss . Homer wonder what that mean as wally reach for the door of the cider house . before wally can knock , a pretty young black girl , rose rose , bump open the screen door with she hip and throw a bucket of water in the grass -- almost hit Homer and wally . rose rose that sink 's back up again , wally . I think you be gonna get I a plumber . wally Rose , this be Homer -- Homer , this be Mr. Rose 's daughter , Rose . homer Rose Rose ? rose rose pretty , be not it ? you a plumber ? wally no , no -- Homer be a new * picker * . he 's go to stay here with you . this get the attention of the man on they way from the shower . they walk over , towel around they waist . rose rose ( suspiciously ) he 's stayin ' * here *? the screen door swing open and shut again , startling they all , as mr . rose come out of the cider house . mr. rose that daughter of mine sure be miss hospitality , be not she , wally ? grinning , Mr. Rose shake wally 's hand . Rose Rose go back inside the cider house as Mr. Rose shake Homer 's hand . Homer introduce himself . mr. rose you get lot of experience pickin ' , I suppose . wally Homer 's get no experience , Arthur , but he 's smarter then I be . he 's a fast learner . Mr. Rose look briefly at the man , who wait for he reaction . mr. rose this be history . ai not that what you be sayin ' , wally ? I guess we makin ' * history *... havin ' this young man stay with we ! wally slap Homer on the back ; he go inside the cider house to help Rose Rose with the plumbing . wally ( over he shoulder ) see you later . Homer look at Mr. Rose for instruction . Mr. Rose stare back at he with he enigmatic smile . homer so . what should I do now ? mr. rose out back , there 's a shed . it 's just a mess . if that shed be better organize , I could put my truck in there . Homer look at Mr. Rose with a uncomprehend expression . mr. rose if you be as smart as wally say , you know you sometimes gotta do one job before you do another . Homer think that over . later , Homer be clean out the shed . ext . cider house - evening the picker all sit down to supper around a picnic table . Homer with Mr. Rose , Rose Rose , and the other black picker . Mr. Rose take a apple from a bowl on the table . then he pull out a knife and open it in one fluid motion ; he 's so fast , the knife seem to come out of nowhere . he begin to peel the apple . Homer eye Mr. Rose , but Mr. Rose 's focus be rivete to he apple and the long , perfect strand of peel dangle from it . mr. rose you do a good job with that shed , Homer . peaches break the awkward silence . peach what kind of a name be Homer ? homer it 's the name of a cat . originally . well , not *originally *. Homer decide to stop . another silence . mr. rose now , now -- we all get name , sensible or not . ( to Homer ) peaches be from Georgia , where we meet he pickin ' peach . he 's still better with peach than hs be with apple . ( peaches grin ) Jack here be new . and this here be hero , ' cause he be a hero of some kind or other once . ai not that right , hero ? there be some disrespectful suggestion from the picker concern what he heroism might have be . mr. rose and this here sensitive - lookin ' fella be muddy . the less say about muddy , the better . ai not that right , muddy ? muddy scowl at Homer , but he smile at Mr. Rose . int . bunkhouse - night Homer unpack he suitcase . ( his bed should be nearest muddy 's and Mr. Rose 's . ) Jack lie on he bed , smoking . muddy , also smoking , be sit on he bed , sharpen a knife . hero and peaches be play card on one of they bed . Mr. Rose be finish shave . Rose Rose watch Homer unpack . rose rose what 's that ? homer it 's just my heart . rose rose what you get a picture of you heart for ? he hold up the X ray , in order to show she . homer there 's a little something wrong with it . just this part here -- the right ventricle . it 's slightly enlarge . rose rose so what ? homer yes , so what . it 's nothing serious , really . just a small defect . mr. rose it 's big enough to keep you out of the war , I suppose . ai not that right ? homer right . Rose Rose pick up the book that Homer have put on the bed . she study the cover ; it 's " great expectation " by Charles dicken . she put it down , restlessly . mr. rose they tell I I be too old to serve . peach they tell muddy he foot be too flat ! everybody laugh , except muddy . muddy ( to peaches ) and you be " generally unfit , " as I recall . finish unpack , Homer sit on he bed ; he pick up " great expectation " and begin to read . Rose Rose sit down next to he , watch he read . Homer notice she interest . homer do you like to read ? rose rose ( embarrassed ) I can not read . nobody teach I . Homer smile politely and go back to he book . Rose Rose keep look over he shoulder at the page . rose rose ( point to the page ) what do it say there ? Homer look around at the picker lie in they bed , smoking , listen . ( like bedtime storey at the orphanage , he think ; however , the picker 's attitude be suspicious , reserve . ) homer ( read ) " I look at the star , and consider how awful it would be for a man to turn he face to they as he froze to death , and see no help or pity in all the glitter multitude . " Homer look up ; there 's no response . homer ( to Rose Rose ) more ? some mutter , some giggle , mostly silence . Rose Rose want more , but suddenly Jack jump out of bed and stomp to the kitchen end of the cider house , where a piece of paper be tack to the wall . Jack be talk to Homer all the way . jack since you be the one who 's smart enough to read ... what 's this ? Jack point at the piece of paper . Homer get up and look at it . homer it 's a list of rule , it seem . all the man groan -- Jack swear and peaches laugh . rose rose * whose * rule ? muddy they be for we , I suppose . jack go on and read them , Homer . homer " one . please do not smoke in bed . " rose rose it 's too late for that one ! all the smoker laugh and cough in they bed . mr. rose ( uncharacteristically blunt ) stop it , Homer . they be not we rule . we do not write they . I do not see no reason to read they . homer okay ... Rose Rose stomp back to she bed . her father absently snap he towel . int . bunkhouse - night ( later ) everybody be asleep , except Homer . he be stare at the ceiling in the quiet semi-darkness , the book lie on he chest . larch ( o.s. ) ( distant echoing ) good night , you prince of Maine ! you king of New England . int . boy ' division - night Dr. larch be stand in the doorway to the boy ' room ; he close the door . int . bunkhouse - night Homer , on he bed , close he eye . int . dispensary - night larch lie in bed with he eye open . ( no ether . ) ext . cider house - night the cider house and the apple orchard in the moonlight . ext . orchard - morning wally in he farm clothes at the wheel of the Jeep -- he be racing through the orchard , dodging tree , with Homer in the passenger seat , hang on for dear life . wally remember this ! in the morning , when the tall grass be wet , you can make the Jeep slide on the grass . can you feel it ? Homer be excited as wally weave among the tree -- faster and faster . wally it 's almost like fly . homer what about the tree ? wally the tree be flak -- antiaircraft fire from that geek on the ground . wally brake hard . the Jeep come to a stop in the pack - house area . candy have be wait on the load platform . the picker be work in the background . wally ( defensively to candy ) I be just show Homer the orchard ... kind of a geography lesson . candy ( good-naturedly ) I know what you have be do . she pull a apple branch , with a apple to two , out of the vehicle 's grille - - or else the branch be wedge in the front - bumper or headlight area . candy playfully start poke wally with the branch . candy ( to wally ) you have be give he a * fly * lesson ! wally ( teasing she ) he * love * it ! ( to Homer ) do not you ? homer yeah , it be great . wally get the apple branch away from candy . he pin she arm at she side -- he hug she , kiss she . she do not struggle . candy ( laugh to Homer ) he think people * like * to get whacked by branch . wally * Homer * like it ! ( to Homer ) do not you ? homer yeah , sure . there 's no stress or strain around here ... they all laugh . Homer observe the happy couple . ext . orchard - day Homer be walk with wally and candy . the orchard be beautiful . ext . packing house - morning much activity : the picker be unload apple crate from a full flatbe trailer . a angry -look vernon give Homer a evil glare . Homer spill some apple lift the crate to the load platform . vernon what 's wrong with you ? Mr. Rose take Homer aside . mr. rose that 's Vernon . you best stay away from he until he get to know you better -- then you best stay away from he * more *! wally , in full uniform , appear from inside the pack house ; he call for Homer . mr. rose out lieutenant 's call you , Homer . mind you ass . Homer smile be run toward wally . int . / ext . packing house - morning Homer and wally walk through the pack house , where the hefty , loud women sort through the apple roll by on the conveyor track . wally snatch a apple from one of they , give it to Homer . wally ( to Homer ) you get along okay ? before Homer can answer , the woman interrupt . big dot where be that candy ? florence do she leave you , wally ? debra who 's the boy ? wally make a effort to introduce Homer , but he 's interrupt . florence wally , you can marry debra if candy leave you ! big dot wally 's gonna marry * I * if candy leave he ! debra you can marry all three of we , wally ! florence we can take turn . wally put he hand to he heart . wally you girl make it hard for a guy to go off to war . ( point to Homer ) but I will leave my best man here to pinch - hit for I . as the woman be leave behind giggle , wally continue talk to Homer . wally uh ... I be shipping out sooner than I think . I just want to be sure you be settle in -- and happy enough , consider ... ( grab another apple from a crate ) be you bored stiff ? or can you stick it out for a bit ? homer uh ... actually , pick apple be as much excitement as I want for a while . I be grateful for the job . wally ( he hand on Homer 's shoulder ) you be the one who 's help * mee , Homer . you be go to give my mom a little peace of mind while I be go . candy , too . homer well , sure ... that 's good , then . ( awkward pause ) all I mean be , I be lucky I meet you . wally I do not think so , Homer . * I be * the lucky one . Homer shake he head . wally stop walk ; they both stop . wally ( more serious ) you want to fight about it ? Homer be unfamiliar with this kind of kid around ; at first he be startle , but then he laugh . wally laugh , too . they shake hand . Mr. Rose call out to Homer from the tractor . the picker be impatiently wait for he on the flatbe ; they be go back to the orchard . Homer have to run to catch up to they . he jump on the flatbe ; he see wally wave good - bye . ext . orchard - day High up in a tall tree on a couple of ladder , Mr. Rose and Homer be pick side by side . Mr. Rose be pick with high -speed perfection , but Homer be slower and fumble - - he drop a occasional apple to the ground . mr. rose you pickin ' more cider apple then anythin ' else . they drop be good only for cider . and you pickin ' the stem with the apple only half the time . they good only for cider , too - - if you do not pick they stem . ( Homer watch he ) the rule be , you wanna pick the apple * with * the stem , Homer . and see here ... see that * bud * that 's just above the stem ? that 's the bud for * next year 's * apple -- that 's call the * spur* . you pick the spur , you pickin ' two year in one -- you pickin ' next year 's apple ' fore it have a chance to grow . you leave that on the branch , you hear ? Homer nod ; he pick more carefully , with more concentration . mr. rose ( approvingly ) that 's better . I can tell you get yourself some education . they 's good hand you get , Homer . they hand you get , they know what they be doin ' - - be not that right ? homer I guess so ... Homer can see over the apple mart parking lot from the top of the tree . he can see the driveway of the worthington house , where candy and olive be say a tearful good - bye to wally . distract , Homer drop another couple of apple , which Mr. Rose observe with a wry smile . angela ( o.s. ) wilbur ! wilbur ! int . larch office - day larch be do something at he desk when Angela come in . angela wilbur , you should read this . larch stare at Angela , who hold a letter . angela it 's from the board . another letter . int . larch office - night Dr. larch stand in front of a mechanical draw easel . he work intently with a calligraphic pen , but we do not see what he 's work on . Angela and edna sit at the desk ; they be look over the letter . angela ( quote the letter ) uh ... " merely suggest that some new blood might benefit you all ... someone with new idea in the obstetrical and pediatric field . " ( she look up at larch ) I think they be just testing some idea for we next meeting . edna Dr. holtz seem nice . I think he only want to help ... larch he be a goddamn psychiatrist - - of * course * he want to " help " ! he would be happy if he could help * commit* I ! angela it 's that Mrs. goodhall you have to be careful of , wilbur . larch one have to be more than " careful " of Mrs. goodhall -- she have sufficient Christian zeal to start she own country ! I would like to give she a little ether . edna so what be you go to do ? larch put down the pen , come around the easel , open a drawer in a filing cabinet , and hand edna a folder contain a few cleanly type page . larch return to the easel , to he painstake work . edna open the file ; as she and Angela read the content , larch recite from memory as he work . larch " Homer Wells , bear Portland , Maine , March 2 , 1915 ... " edna Homer be bear * here* , in , what be it , 1922 ? larch " ... graduate bowdoin College , 1935 , and Harvard School of Medicine , 1939 . " angela this be * you * life story , wilbur ! you just change the date ! larch " a internship and two year of training at the Boston lying - in , South end branch . for he age , he be judge a accomplish gynecological obstetrical surgeon ; he be also experience in pediatric care ... " angela you * invent * he ! you have completely make he up ! larch do not you understand ? the board be go to * replace * I ! that 's what the " new blood " be * for * ! edna you mean they will replace you with someone who will not perform abortion . larch ( sarcastically ) well , we can only guess about that , edna . they * be * against the law . angela this * credential * be against the law ! larch we all know who train Homer -- he credential be as good as mine be . do not you be holy to I about the * law * ! what have the law do for any of we here ? edna and Angela think this over . larch ( point at file ) so here be my candidate . what do you think ? edna but what about school record ? Homer do not have any * diploma *... larch turn the easel around . attach be a parchment head : " harvard medical school " -- it 's a diploma - in - progress . larch he * will * have they , edna . the woman be shocked , awed . angela oh , wilbur , I do not know ... ( sudden think ) we do not even know where he be ! ext . cider house , roof - night rose rose ( o.s. ) where 's that Homer ? Homer stand in front of a ladder that lean against the cider house ; he start to climb up , draw by the murmure voice , the soft laughter . jack ( o.s. ) who care ? mr. rose ( o.s. ) now , now . he 's a good boy . jack ( o.s. ) shit . we do not know what he be . mr. rose ( o.s. ) Jack , you gotta watch you language ' round my daughter . Homer arrive at the top and see everyone sit on a long plank , a bench attach to the apex of the roof -- obviously a popular spot . mr. rose here he be . no one move . mr. rose where 's you manners ? make room for Homer , so 's he can enjoy the view . muddy what view ? peaches slide over and Homer sit down . homer be we suppose to be up here ? the rule say ... mr. rose Homer , you the only one who 's read they rule , so you the only one who feel like he 's doin ' something ' wrong . the other laugh . muddy * what * view ? mr. rose well , muddy , we can look at all this angry star Homer 's be readin ' to we about . more laughter ; Homer smile , enjoy the teasing . jack ( gesture toward the worthington farmhouse ) I bet the view look better from the Worthin'ton ' . mr. rose you think so , Jack ? well ... I would not want to be in that wally 's shoe tonight . rose rose ( playfully , teasing he ) daddy , I would like to be in that wally 's shoe * every * night . mr. rose ( teasing she back ) you lucky you in you work boot tonight , girl ... rose rose what 's lucky about that ? Rose Rose be be physically affectionate with she father -- lightly punch he arm , rub the top of he head . mr. rose you know where that wally be tonight , darlin ' ? he 's up there in they angry star . ( gesture at the dark sky ) he 's flyin ' all around up there ... with they jap shoot at he . they all look up , imagine that . Homer more than the other . Rose Rose , look thoughtful , rest she head on she father 's shoulder . they be completely natural together . ext . cape kenneth - apple mart - day Homer and the picker be load crate of apple into a shipping truck . olive and candy be consulting some papers ( the shipping tally ) on a clipboard ; Mr. Rose be stand beside they . mr. rose they all on board , Mrs. worthin'ton . olive thank you , arthur. ( see be look at Homer ) and how be we Homer work out ? she catch Homer 's eye ; he smile , then join they . Mr. Rose put he arm around he . mr. rose oh , he 's a smart young man , most of the time -- wally be right about he . olive be look over the rest of the pick crew . olive no rotten apple ? mr. rose ( it 's a old way of speak that they have ) no , no -- not this year . well ... maybe we get *one* , but it be not Homer . he mean Jack , who give olive and candy and Mr. Rose a furtive look . olive smile at Rose Rose , who come up to she and candy . olive touch Rose Rose with affection . olive Rose ... dear girl , I be sure I can find you some other clothes . ( to candy ) you must have some thing that would fit she . candy take Rose Rose by the shoulder and turn she around . Rose Rose be enjoy this . candy I have a * ton * of thing that would fit you . mr. rose now , now , candy -- this girl do not need no more clothes , not for pickin ' . he start lead he daughter away . olive ( charming ) Arthur , there 's no such thing as a young woman who 's get all the clothes she need . olive wave good - bye as she move toward she car . candy turn to Homer . candy so. not bored yet ? homer I be * never * bored ! it 's all very ... different for I ... here . Homer have the hardest time look at candy . homer uh ... have you be * feel * okay ? candy when I be not think about wally . I be not good at be alone . ( realize ) oh , goodness . you mean ... yes , I be fine . I ... ( struggle to change the subject ) ... I do not suppose you have see a lobster yet . Homer shake he head . he look at the tractor and the empty trailer . Mr. Rose and the picker be just watch they . candy ( more seriously ) you have to come to my dad 's lobster pound and see one , then . homer okay ... Homer look toward the picker sit on the flatbe when he hear the tractor start . candy follow he gaze . homer I better go . candy I do not think Mr. Rose would leave without you . Mr. Rose gesture for muddy to drive off ; the tractor trailer pull away . candy ( laugh ) sorry ! Homer have to run to catch up . candy ( call ) come next week ! he jump on the back of the depart flatbe between Mr. Rose and Rose Rose , as candy watch he . int . bunkhouse - dusk a anxious - look white plumber be fix the kitchen sink while the picker ( in they towel ) stand around and watch . Homer be put on he best shirt . peaches admire the shirt as Rose Rose cook the night 's supper on the wood stove . peach whoa --look at that Homer ! he 's gettin ' all dress up for supper tonight ! rose rose he be not gettin ' dress to have supper with *us* , peaches ! the picker all look at Homer , who look guilty as he leave . mr. rose ( to the plumber ) do not let we make you nervous or nothin ' - - we know you gotta job to do . muddy yeah , we can wait all night for the water to come back on -- you just go on and take you time . ext . inland road - dusk Homer pedal a bicycle down a dirt road . ext . lobster pound - dusk Ray hold a lobster up to the camera . we see the old - fashioned wooden pen , float dockside . ray hungry ? Homer look uncertain . ext . gangplank , dock - dusk Homer and Ray and candy go up the gangplank from the dock to the lobster pound . ray they be the garbage - eater of the ocean 's floor . the seagull clean up the shore . the lobster clean up the bottom of the sea . homer they eat everything ? ray everything that fall to the bottom . candy it 's time somebody eat * they *. ray ( to candy ) I be lookin ' for wally 's letter . I be gonna show it to Homer ... ( to Homer ) they make he a captain already -- * Captain * worthington ! candy daddy , it 's a letter to * I *. ray he mention Homer , too , you know . candy ( awkwardly ) wally say to say , " hello . " homer ( equally awkward ) oh! that 's ... nice . ray ( to Homer ) wally say the most spectacular hit be in the oil field at yenangyat . later , through the window of the lobster pound , we see they eat lobster around a kitchen table . laughter and some unclear dialogue drift to we . ext . / int . cape kenneth / wally car - night with the bicycle stow in the trunk , candy be drive Homer back to the cider house . they pass a drive - in movie theatre , the marquee announce " close for the season . " Homer stare in awe at the giant blank screen . homer a movie *outside * ? candy yes . but it 's close all the time now , because of the blackout . homer people watch the movie in they car ? candy ( smile ) when they watch at all . do you like movie ? homer yes ! I have only see one , though . candy look at he ; he be not joke . candy you have see only one movie ? which one ? homer " King Kong " . it 's really good . candy laugh . candy I have not see " King Kong " since I be a kid ! Homer laugh a little self - consciously ; around she , he feel like he 's * still * a kid . int . dine hall - early morning at one table , the child be happily eat apple ; a few of the kid be stuff apple from a big bowl into they pocket . at another table , larch , edna , and Angela sit around a open pack crate of apple . larch take a bite from a apple and spit it out . Angela take the apple out of he hand . angela that 's a pie apple , wilbur . Homer say you be not suppose to eat it ! Angela hand he another apple . larch so he 's a apple expert , be he ? Angela give he a critical look as larch take a bite out of the new apple . larch ( sarcastically ) oh my , yes ! this be a * far* superior taste - - and crisp , too ! you know , so many apple be disappointingly mealy . I wonder of most of the apple in my life be not mean for pie ! angela wilbur , he pick they for we himself ... larch ( incredulous ) you do not find it depress that Homer Wells be pick apple ? both edna and Angela glower at he . larch or that he can not be bother to write we a proper letter ? a dissertation on apple , we do not need ! edna ( annoyed ) he probably do not make much money pick apple - - he must have have to pay to send they , too . larch I would not worry , edna , that he do not have money . if he get hungry , he can pick he dinner ! larch angrily toss the half - eat apple into the garbage . edna wilbur , it 's a * gift * ! how can you be angry with Homer for send we a * gift * ? larch stare into space , depressed . then he examine the crate and find the mailing label that say " ocean view orchard --cape kenneth , maine . " he rip it off , hold it up triumphantly . larch I will show he a * gift * ! I will give he a gift he can *use *! larch storm out of the room . int . cape kenneth - movie theatre - night a newsreel from the war be play on the screen-- soldier march , smile , wave to the camera . Homer and candy sit together watch . Homer be completely fascinate ; candy watch Homer as much as the news . her expression change when the newsreel cut to footage from a air raid . ext . cape kenneth - movie theatre - night candy and Homer walk out of the theatre , under the marquee and past the poster for " wuther Heights . " candy ( disappointed ) but you look as if you like it . homer ( smile ) I * do * like it . all I say be , " it 's not ' King Kong ' . " candy make a face , but in good fun . homer first she love he , then she do not , then no one else could have he ... candy she * do * love he ! ( teasing he ) how many woman have you know ? Homer be embarrassed ; he duck the question . homer and what do she die of , exactly ? candy she be tear apart ! she die of a break heart . homer oh , sure ! Homer smile and shake he head ; candy start to laugh . homer what 's the * medical * explanation ? candy well , she be in a weaken condition ... ( laugh ) I do not know ! what about " King Kong " ?! be that medically possible ? Homer smile ; he know she 's teasing he , and he like it . homer ( mock serious ) at least King Kong know what he * want *. candy push he playfully . they be both have a good time , * too * good a time . ext . orchard - day Homer be pick apple in a big tree ; Rose Rose be on a ladder in the tree right beside he . she 's pick about twice as fast as he be , and he keep drop he apple . in another tree , muddy be watch . rose rose what be you * doin ' * with that candy , Homer ? muddy ( imitate Mr. Rose ) he 's makin ' history , I suppose . from the surround tree , the other picker laugh . rose rose you be not gettin ' in no trouble , I hope . homer no trouble . in adjacent tree , both peaches and hero be pick apple ; they can hear Homer and Rose Rose , too . ( so can Mr. Rose . ) peach that candy -- she 's the nicest girl I know ! muddy she 's about the most beautiful girl I ever see -- I do not know if she 's the nicest . homer she 's the nicest * and * the most beautiful girl I have ever know . the man * oooh * and * aaah * at Homer 's announcement -- Mr. Rose , too . rose rose that sound like you be in trouble already , Homer . mr. rose that 's right -- that sound like trouble to I . homer I be not in trouble . rose rose yeah , you be . I know when people be in trouble , and you be . camera close on Homer 's face ; he keep pick . larch ( o.s. ) his name be Homer Wells ... int . ST . cloud be - dine hall - evening edna and Angela face the board of trustees around a table . larch circle the table as everyone read the content of a folder . larch have provide a copy for each member . the three elderly gentleman on the board do not speak ; they just nod they head to everything Dr. holtz or Mrs. goodhall say . larch ... and he * pathetic * resume be the best I have see . though I find it hard to believe the board would be interested in this character . dr . holtz but he look like a excellent young man , a first - rate candidate ! larch he look like a bleed - heart missionary * moron * to I , but that 's go to be the problem with any doctor interested in come here ! mrs . goodhall do you know he ? larch * no *! I do not want to know he ! he 's do * missionary * work -- in * India * ! I write he * week * ago , but he 's either too holy or too busy to answer . maybe he get kill in the war ! suddenly steerforth burst through the door , have be push from behind by Mary agnes . the two stop when they see what 's go on -- not to mention larch 's stern expression . they back out . Mary agnes winking at Dr. holtz before the door close . Mrs. goodhall be ready to continue . mrs . goodhall I fail to see how someone courageous enough to make a commitment to a foreign mission be automatically to be dismiss -- that part of the world require precisely the kind of dedication that be need here . larch do it * snow * in bombay ? one winter here and we will be shipping he south , in a * coffin * ! mrs . goodhall you can not think that a man who have * serve * under such condition as exist over there will be in the slight daunt by a little * snow * -- have you no idea how harsh and primitive and full of * disease * that part of the world be ? larch then I suppose we can look forward to catch various disease from he ! dr . holtz but , Dr. larch , he seem exceptionally qualified ... larch I be not talk about he medical qualification . it 's the * Christian * thing that bother I -- I just do not see it be of much *use * around here . mrs . goodhall ( bitterly ) I fail to see how a little Christianity could * hurt * anyone here ! larch anyway , I be just show you this guy as a example of what 's available -- I do not think you would be interested . dr . holtz we be * very * interested ! mrs . goodhall yes , * very *! dr . holtz you would not be oppose to meeting with he ? larch I suppose it would not hurt to * meet * he . what 's he name again ? angela Dr. Homer Wells . larch ( mumble ) I just hope he will not expect we to say * Grace * all the time . the three elderly gentleman repeat the name . mrs . goodhall it 's a nice name , very New England . dr . holtz very * maine* , a very * local * - sounding name . edna * very *! int . dispensary - night a song play on the old phonograph as a happy larch and Angela dance . edna interrupt they . edna I just want to ask you ... larch edna ! come dance with I ! let 's be foolish tonight . edna do he * know * he 's suppose to be in India ? do he even * want * to come back ? this cause larch to take the needle off the record . larch ( angrily ) he 's a field hand ! what could possibly hold he there ? ext . cider house - rainy day the rain beat down on olive 's car . Homer get soaking wet as he lean in to talk to candy , who 's behind the wheel . Mr. Rose call to Homer from the doorway of the mill room . int . mill room - rainy day Mr. Rose be instruct Homer as they stand bottle cider in they yellow slicker and rubber boot . Rose Rose be hose down the pressboard ; muddy and hero and peaches be operate the grinder and the press . Jack be stir the vat . in a defiant , contemptuous way , Jack keep flick the ash of he cigarette into the vat . this make everyone uncomfortable ; only Mr. Rose do not appear to notice . mr. rose cider do not have no taste till later in October - - it 's too watery now , when we be usin ' just they early mac and they gravenstein . you do not get no * good * cider till you be pickin ' they Golden delicious and they Winter bananas , they baldwin and they russert ... homer what about the worm ? most of this apple be the drop -- off the ground , right ? there have to be worm . mr. rose of * course * there 's worm , Homer ! and what be they worm , really ? they just * protein* , they worm ! they be * good * for you ! everyone but Jack laugh . he take a last drag on he cigarette , then deliberately drop it into the vat . mr. rose that just be not right , Jack - - you cigarette 's gonna end up in nine or ten gallon of this batch of cider ! that be not right . jack they people drinkin ' that cider , they do not know there 's a cigarette in there ! mr. rose it 's not that hard to find it in there , Jack - - it will take you just a minute . you just gotta go fishin' . jack you mean * swimmin ' * . I be not goin ' in that vat to fish out no cigarette ! mr. rose what business be you in , Jack ? just tell I what you business be ... Jack look for a translation from the other man , who be nervous . muddy just say you be in the * apple * business , man . that 's the only business you wanna be in . just say it . Jack pull a knife on Mr. Rose . peach ( whisper excitedly to Jack ) you do not wanna go in the knife business with mistuh Rose -- just say you be in the * apple * business , Jack ! jack ( to Mr. Rose ) what business be * you * in ? we never see Mr. Rose 's knife . we see the man circle each other : Jack take a swipe at Mr. Rose 's head -- then he step back , he yellow slicker slashed open . his slicker be open up , right up the middle . his shirt underneath the slicker be slashed open , too - - he feel he bare chest and stomach , feel for the cut . but there 's no cut -- Jack 's not bleed , he 's not even scratch . just he clothes have be slashed . mr. rose I be in the * knife * business , Jack . you do not wanna go in the knife business with I . muddy turn Jack around and view he slashed clothes . muddy you be lucky he do not cut you * nipple * off , man . peach the good news , Jack , be you be half - undress for * swimmin ' *... muddy yeah , that cigarette be not hard to find when you be properly undress . Jack start to undress for the vat . Mr. Rose usher Homer and Rose Rose outside . int . bunkhouse - rainy day Mr. Rose have cut he own hand in the fight . Homer 's professionalism if offended to watch Rose Rose 's amateurish effort to stitch up she father 's wound , but clearly this be not the first time she 's do it . homer give man that . I know how to do it . rose rose oh , I suppose you be a doctor , Homer ? homer almost . mr. rose I do not need no " almost " a doctor , Homer . Homer can not bear to watch Rose Rose at work with the needle . rose rose we should drow that damn Jack in the vat ! mr. rose now , now , darlin ' ... Jack just need to know what business he 's in . rose rose yeah , you really show he , daddy - - you just about cut you own hand off , and all you cut off * he * be he clothes ! mr. rose you oughta know you do not go to jail for cuttin ' a guy 's * clothes * . ai not that right , Homer ? Homer wince at the stitching . int . wally car - drive - in theatre - early evening wally 's car come bounce along the ditch of the close drive - in . Homer be at the wheel ; candy call out some drive instruction . the car come to a stop next to a speakerpost . candy lean out ; she grab the speaker and hang it on the window . Homer sit back and drape he arm out the window and over the seat . he feel great . candy you be a natural . you be bear to drive a car like this . homer you think ? maybe I be . ( look around ) I love this place ! Homer look up at the giant movie screen . homer the screen be enormous ! imagine King Kong up * there *! have you see a lot of movie here ? candy yes ... and no . when you come here , you do not really care about the movie . Homer stare at candy in disbelief . homer you do not care about the movie ? candy look at he for a moment . candy what be you so crazy about the movie for ? homer it be my favorite night at the orphanage -- movie night . we would race into the dining hall . of course everyone want to sit in front , so we would be pack in so tight you could feel the kid next to you breathe . candy at least you be never lonely . homer I do not say that . grow up in a orphanage , you be always lonely . you be just never alone . candy be move . Homer feel expose ; he try to change the mood by make light of what he 's say . homer you be not alone in the bathroom , or ... or in the shower ... you be never alone in want the last piece of meatloaaf , or even in you own bed on a cold morning . candy laugh . candy you do not miss it ? homer I miss thing . I miss ... people. ( with certainty ) I miss read to the boy . candy but you have so much * responsibility *. homer I never * ask * for any responsibility . candy just a little privacy . Homer laugh . candy privacy be exactly the point of drive - in movie . homer do you come here with wally -- to * not * watch movie ? at the mention of wally they both look a little self - conscious . candy sometimes ... movie mostly bore wally . homer ah-ha. ( point to the speaker ) so what be that -- a radio ? candy the *speaker * . for the movie sound . candy look at Homer . candy scrunch down like this . candy scrunches down in she seat ; Homer imitate she . Homer be focus on the giant screen . homer how could you not * care * about the movie ? candy you just cuddle . you come to hug ... to kiss . you do not * come * here to watch the movie . homer ( teasing she ) that 's what * I would * come here for . I would watch the movie . candy not with the right girl you would not . Homer 's expression change from exhilated to guilty . he lean back in he seat and look straight ahead at the screen . candy tentatively lean she head on he shoulder . Homer look afraid to breathe . from behind , with she head on he shoulder , they look like a normal couple . we track in toward the huge screen until we see only the screen . there be shadow on the black screen . suddenly the movie " King Kong " appear . int . dine hall - night " King Kong " be play against the bare , white wall . fuzzy be very weak , but he smile at the sight of the love-struck Kong hold the scream fay wray in he giant hand . Dr. larch run the projector ; he sit close beside fuzzy . when the film break in the predictable place , fuzzy make no protest . Dr. larch look at fuzzy , who have stop breathe ; he eye be close . larch fuzzy ? fuzzy ? they be alone in the dining hall . larch have wheeled in fuzzy for a private view . ext . ST . cloud be - graveyard - morning buster help larch lower the small coffin into the grave . the tiny gravestone say " f.s . " buster what be you go to tell the little one ? larch I will tell they fuzzy be adopt . buster why would the little one believe that * anyone * would adopt he ? larch they will believe it because they want to believe it . buster should not we tell Homer ? larch if Homer want to know what be happen here , he could pick up a telephone and call we . int . boy ' division - night the boy in they bed listen to buster invent fuzzy 's " family . " buster it be a family with a better breathe machine then the one Dr. larch build . int . ST . cloud be - corridor - night larch lean against the wall , cover he eye , overhear the boy . buster ( o.s. ) the family that adopt fuzzy , they * invent * the breathe machine . it 's they business ... breathe machine . larch pause ; he wait to see if they believe this . curly ( o.s. ) lucky fuzzy ! larch almost break with a sudden sharp breath . all the boy ( o.s. ) good night , fuzzy ! good night , fuzzy ! good night , fuzzy Stone ! ext . cider house - morning as the man sit at the picnic table eat they cornbread , Rose Rose pour coffee . a jeep come down the orchard road toward they . it 's olive . Mr. Rose lead the " good mornin ' , Mrs. worthin' ton ! " greeting . olive have a armful of clothing and a fairly sizable package ; she bring the latter over to Homer . olive some mail for you , Homer . Homer shake the package ; he put the package beside the table , unopen . olive turn to Rose Rose . olive and some clothes for you , dear -- ( nodd to the cider house ) let 's go see if they fit . Mr. Rose watch Rose Rose and olive disappear into the cider house . the other man view Homer 's package with curiosity , especially peaches . peach ai not you gonna see what it be , Homer ? mr. rose mind you own business , peaches . peach sorry , Homer ... int . bunkhouse - late at night Homer lie awake in bed ; everyone else be asleep . Homer pull the package out from under he bed , open it just enough to see what it be ; then he shove it back under he bed . ext . ocean / beach - dusk the beach at sunset . candy and Homer , dress for cooler weather , be alone at the water 's edge . from a paper bag , candy be scatter some small , brightly color piece of break glass . homer be not you worried that people will cut they foot ? candy nobody will swim here until next summer . by then , the water will have rubbed the glass smooth against the sand -- there will not be any sharp edge . she find and old piece of glass among the stone and shell at the high - tide mark . candy see ? that 's last year 's glass , or from some year before . I put glass here every year . the ocean make it beautiful . candy hold up a piece of glass to the sun for Homer to look at . the ocean be a gray - green color , the glass a paler shade of green . candy give I you hand . she rub the smooth piece of glass against he hand , then throw it toward the water . it fall short . Homer retrieve it . candy splashes he playfully . he chase she away from the beach , into the pine tree . Homer lock he arm around she , from behind . he can not let go . she let he hold she , then break he grip . she turn to face he . she be taller then he be , older , obviously more experience . she initiate the kiss . they drop to the ground right there ; they make love by the root of the tree , candy guide he . ext . wally car - beach parking lot - night they come out of the wood , walk toward the car , candy lead . we hear candy talk just before we see she and Homer . candy ( increasingly upset ) * nobody * volunteer for the burma run - - he say so himself . and nobody know * I * better than he ! so how be I suppose to feel ? he 's a bomber pilot and I be just selfish , I know . well , I be * not * a brave little girl and I be * not * sorry . she sit in the passenger seat , Homer in the driver 's seat . candy I * know * this be right . ( pause ) I tell you . I be not good at be alone . ( pause ; in a whisper ) I tell he , too . Homer concentrate on start the car . candy ( repeat herself ) I * know * this be right . homer right . they expression , as the car pull away , belie they word . ext . cider house - end of day Homer and Mr. Rose sit opposite each other at the picnic table . Rose Rose stand behind she father , she hand on he shoulder , watch Homer snip out Mr. Rose 's stitches - - very quickly . mr. rose slow down , Homer - - do not be in such a big hurry . homer this be easy -- I be not hurry . mr. rose you still doin ' it too fast ! job do , Homer leave the table and hurry to the bicycle , pedale away . Rose Rose watch Homer go , as Mr. Rose flexe he heal hand . rose rose he 's in a big hurry , all right . I tell you he 's in trouble . ext . cape kenneth - lobster pound - evening candy and Homer sit on the dock . candy still seem to be wrestle with she conscience . Homer throw snail in the sea . it 's cold . homer just tell I . do you want I to go ? do you want I to stay ? candy it will be okay . homer * what * will be okay ? candy we have to wait and see . I think that , for *everyth * in life , you have to wait and see . Homer throw a snail with more force . homer I will just move on , get another job somewhere . Ray come out onto the dock ; he see Homer throw another snail . ray every time you throw a snail off the dock , you be makin ' someone start he whole life over . candy throw a handful of snail into the water . candy maybe we be do the snail a favor , daddy . Ray look at the two of they ; he sigh . ray it 's gettin ' late . I think I will pack it in . candy good night , daddy . Ray nod good night ; he leave . Homer look expectantly at candy . candy we will just have to wait and see . int . worthington house , dine room - night olive and Homer sit at the dining - room table , the remnant of a apple pie in front of they . Homer be still eat . picture of wally be on the wall . olive I use to hate it when wally go back to college - - even when it be just college ! and this be when he father be still alive ... I hate it even then . naturally I hate this more . Homer nod in sympathy . his mouth be stuff with apple pie . olive what I mean be ... I would like it very much if you think you could be happy here , Homer . homer ( wiping he mouth ) Mrs. worthington , I feel I be very lucky to be here . olive there 's not a lot of work in the winter , and you will have to tolerate Vernon - - even wally despise he , and wally like everyone . olive 's thought drift ; she eye look up at a photo of wally . homer I think wally will be fine , Mrs. worthington - - he seem indestructible to I . olive ( distract ) I do not know . ( intently at Homer ) just promise I one thing . Homer be tense . do olive suspect about candy ? homer uh ... sure . olive just promise I that , if there 's a blizzard , you will move into wally 's room until it 's over . they both laugh , but Homer have a hard time look she in the eye . ext . cider house - day the picker be move out ; the harvest be over . olive and Homer stand near the door to the bunkhouse , talk - - we can not hear they conversation . Rose Rose and the other man walk past they , carry the last of they belonging to the truck . olive and Homer walk over to the truck . olive good-bye . have a safe trip home . thank you , again , for all you hard work . mr. rose you take care now , Mrs. worthin'ton . they shake hand . olive good-bye , arthur. ( she hug Rose Rose ) Homer , I will see you tomorrow ? homer right . olive get in she Jeep and wave as she drive off . the truck be pack . muddy tug on a rope that secure the load . muddy ( to Mr. Rose ) we all set , I think . Mr. Rose nod and get in behind the wheel . Rose Rose and muddy get in next to he . the other be bundle up for the ride in the open back of the truck . as they be leave , Homer wave good - bye -- the picker call out to he . mr. rose you all take care of yourself , too , Homer ! peach we see you next harvest . muddy do not freeze to death , Homer . jack go on and freeze to death if you want to , Homer . mr. rose now , now , Jack -- that just be not right . rose rose you just stay out of trouble , Homer ! Homer stand look after they , after they be go . int . bunkhouse - later that same day Homer be alone , rearranging he stuff -- spread out a bit , make the place he own . ( on the other bed , we see the mattress roll up on the bare bedspring . ) candy ( o.s. ) so , you be stay . Homer turn ; he have not see candy come in . candy olive tell I . ( awkward pause ) you might have tell I yourself . homer I be just wait and see . like you say . she smile . he go to she ; they embrace . beginning a montage of the next nine or ten month . ext . cider house roof - morning Homer , drink coffee , be write a letter on a note pad . homer ( v.o. ) dear Dr. larch , thank you for you doctor 's bag ... ext . ray' lobster boat - day Homer be learn how to " haul " a lobster pot with Ray and candy 's guidance . homer ( v.o. ) ... although it seem that I will not have the occasion to use it . ext . lobster pound , floating pens - evening follow Ray 's example , Homer be try to " disarm " the lobster ' big claw by block they shut with the little wooden wedge . Roy work quickly , never get pinch . as candy watch , Homer get pinch . homer ( v.o. ) barring some emergency , of course . I be not a doctor . with all due respect to you profession . I be enjoy my life here . int . bunkhouse - night Homer and candy be naked . they have pull two bed together and make a double bed . he can not take he eye off she . homer I have look at so many woman ... I mean , I have see *everyth * about they , *everyth *... but I never feel a thing . I feel nothing . now ... with you ... it * hurt *... to look at you . int . dispensary - day edna and Angela and larch be all read Homer 's letter , they lip move silently as they read the word . homer ( v.o. ) I be enjoy be a lobsterman and a orchardman - - in fact , I have never enjoy myself so much . int . worthington house , fireplace - night olive and Homer and candy be play a board game around the fireplace . homer ( v.o. ) the truth be , I want to stay here . I believe I be be of * some * use . int . larch office - night edna and Angela view he anxiously from the doorway as larch furiously type and type . larch ( v.o . ) my dear Homer , I think you be over you adolescence , that period which I would define as the first time in we life when we imagine we have something terrible to hide from that who love we . int . wally car - day candy be sing to the car radio , as animated and happy as we have ever see she . Homer , drive , can scarcely keep he eye on the road ; he have to keep look at she . larch ( v.o. ) do you think it 's not obvious to we what 's happen to you ? int . bunkhouse - night with the radio play ( a popular song ) , Homer hop across the bare floor , pull on he boxer short ; he open the door to olive , who 's hold out a armload of blanket to he . he sheepishly thanks she . when Homer close the door , we see a hide ( and stricken ) candy , naked from they interrupt lovemake . larch ( v.o. ) you be fall in love , have not you ? by the way , whatever you be up to can not be too good for you heart . then again , it 's the sort of condition that can be make worse by worry about it . so do not worry about it ! ext . orchard - day Vernon and Homer be work under a apple tree ; they be poisoning mouse . homer ( v.o. ) dear Dr. larch , what I be learn here may not be as important as what I learn from you , but everything be new to I . yesterday I learn how to poison mouse . you use poison oat and poison corn . int . dine hall - evening Supper chaos -- buster and Mary agnes be do they best to stop a food fight while larch and Angela and edna be completely absorb read Homer 's letter . homer ( v.o. ) field mouse girdle a apple tree . pine mouse kill the root . I * know * what you have to do -- you have to play god. well ... kill mouse be as close as I want to come to play God . int . movie theatre - cape kenneth Homer and candy be watch " Rebecca " . larch ( v.o. ) do I interfere ? when absolutely helpless woman tell I that they simply * can not * have a abortion , that they simply * must * go through with have another -- and yet another -- orphan ... do I interfere ? * do * I ? I do not . I do not even * recommend * . I just give they what they want : a orphan or a abortion . ( close on Homer ) you be my work of art , Homer . everything else have be just a job . I do not know if you have get a work of art in you , but I know what you job be . you be a doctor ! int . bunkhouse - day the radio be play a slow , sexy dance number . the fat lady from the apple mart be dance as they paint the interior wall of the bunk house . homer ( v.o. ) I be not a doctor . larch ( v.o. ) you know everything I know , plus what you have teach yourself -- you be a better doctor then I be and you know it ! Homer be finish up painting the kitchen wall . when he get to the list of rule , tack on the wall , he remove the list and finish painting under where the rule be . larch ( v.o. ) they be go to replace I , Homer ! the board of trustees be look for my * replacement *! two of the lady unroll the roll - up mattress on the bare bedspring , as Vernon enter with a armload of blanket and pillow . homer ( v.o. ) I can not replace you ! I be sorry ... Homer hold up the list of rule , reread it briefly ; he walk over to a unpaint beam , a support beam , and tack the rule on this beam . ext . cider house , roof - morning Homer read larch 's letter , sip coffee . larch ( v.o. ) sorry ? I be not ' sorry ' ! not for anything I have do . I be not even sorry that I love you ! int . dispensary - night larch sit on he ether - bed with a letter from Homer in he hand . he look completely deflate . Angela be stand in the doorway . larch I think we may have lot he to the world . he 's not come back . end of the montage . int . bunkhouse - early evening in the newly paint , spruce - up cider house , Homer and candy be dance to another slow , sexy song on the radio . he be untuck she blouse , feel under she blouse -- she start to unbutton he shirt . they kiss while they dance . but the song change abruptly on the radio to something fast and silly . Homer respond to the music , dance goofily -- instantly out of the mood . candy laugh , but she pick up a pillow and swing it at he , hit he . he dance away from she . she throw the pillow ; he duck -- the pillow land somewhere near the door . now Homer grab a pillow and chase she from bed to bed . she shriek -- they're both laugh . they each grab a pillow and stand toe to toe whack each other , laugh all the while , until he pin she arm behind she and , breathe hard -- and despite the stupid music that break the mood -- they be passionately kissing again . the sound of a truck be sudden and loud . ext . cider house - day Mr. Rose 's truck have arrive . the picker be hopping out of the truck , grab they gear . int . bunkhouse - day the door open . hero and peaches barge in , as Homer and candy be struggle to return the pillow to the bed . hero who 's that ? peach it 's that Homer ! muddy be right behind they . he pick up a pillow , off the floor , look for which bed it belong on . muddy it 's that candy , too ... then come Mr. Rose , slyly smile , take it all in -- there 's no hide what 's go on . Homer and candy be catch , they shirt untucked and half - unbuttone -- they're still out of breath . the pillow lie crazily on the bed , each one of which have be step on . mr. rose do not this place look like home ? peach it look nicer then home ! mr. rose what have you two be doin ' to make it look so nice ? Rose Rose enter . she look harden , toughened -- not happy . she plop down she stuff on she bed , look only at candy . rose rose how be that wally do ? candy oh , he 's fine ! I just hear from he . he 's bombing all this place ... Homer try to help out . homer ( mumble ) ... bridge , oil refinery , fuel depot ... he peter out , know how sick of hearing this candy be . he try to change the subject . homer where 's Jack ? there be a uncomfortable silence . muddy he just be not up for the trip . more silence . mr. rose that Jack just never know what he business be . one look at muddy and we know something pretty bad happen to Jack . ext . orchard - day the picker on they ladder , all pick . Homer be now a good picker ; he look over at Rose Rose . she be slump against the ladder , not pick , completely ignore a argument beneath they in the aisle between the tree . ( Mr. Rose be check over the apple peaches have just pick . ) mr. rose you pickin ' nothin ' but cider apple , peaches -- I hope you understand that . peach they be not drop -- I pick them off the tree ! mr. rose then you pickin ' them too fast -- they be not no better than drop to I . see that bruise , and that one ? * half * of this be bruise ! look at this one ! it be not get no stem ! you might as well * step * on them , too -- they only good for cider . ext . orchard - dusk in the aisle between the tree , Homer and candy be argue in one of the work vehicle . candy do you think I be have a good time ? do you think I be just * teasing * you ? do you think I * know * whether I want you or wally ? homer so we should " wait and see . " for how long ? candy I grow up with wally . I begin my adult life with he . homer Fine . that 's all there be to it then . candy no ! that 's not all there be to it ! I love you , too -- I * know * I do . homer okay , okay -- I know you do , too . candy ( bitterly ) it 's a good thing I do not have that baby , be not it ? her sudden hardness leave he speechless as they go they separate way . candy drive on . ext . cider house - sunny morning Breakfast time at the picnic table . Rose Rose by herself , away from the table . she do not look well ; she suddenly go back inside the bunkhouse . peach ( call after she ) ai not you eatin ' with we , Rose ? ( to the man ) she use to eat with we . now we be not good enough for she , I guess . hero she be not hungry , maybe . muddy she be not hungry every mornin ' ' cause she 's sick every mornin' . Homer get up to take he dish inside . int . kitchen and bunkhouse - morning when Homer come in , Rose Rose be throw up in the sink . homer you okay , Rose ? rose rose I guess you must like watchin ' I be sick ... homer I do not like watch anyone be sick . Rose Rose lie down on she bed with the curtain open . there be something familiar about the way Homer approach she bedside ; he do so with the authority of a doctor . he sit on the edge of she bed with such complete self - assurance that she do not protest . homer how many month be you ? she just stare . but she do not stop he when he touch she abdomen . it 's as if she know that he know what he 's do . homer you be not yet three month , be you ? rose rose not yet . what do you know about it ? homer I know more than I want to know about it . who 's the father ? rose rose do not trouble yourself about it , Homer - - this be not you business . homer but you do not look very happy . rose rose * happy * ! what be you thinkin ' ? how be I suppose to take care of a baby ! I can not have a baby . homer Rose , please listen . whatever you want to do , I can help you . she be take back . homer what I mean be , if you do not want to ... keep the baby , I know a place where you can go . rose rose you think daddy 's gonna let I go anywhere ? I be not go * nowhere * . she roll over on the bed , face away from he again . rose rose why do not you just go back to you pickin ' , Homer ? I can take care of it myself ! homer Rose , listen - - do not * do * anything . you know , I mean to yourself . please listen ... mr. rose ( o.s. ) ( call ) Homer ! be this a workin ' day or what ? ext . lobster pound - evening Homer and candy be sit at the dock . candy we should take she to St. cloud 's . that much be obvious , be not it ? let she make up she mind when she get there ... homer I tell she ! she do not feel she can do that . something about she father not let she go anywhere ... candy well , we have to help she ! Homer do not respond . candy we have to do * something * . do not we ? ( beat ) Homer ? Homer look out over the ocean ; he remain unresponsive . ext . cider house - midday Rose Rose be set the picnic table for lunch when candy arrive . candy hi ... rose rose hi ... she keep set the table . candy I have get some more clothes for you -- I just keep forget to bring they with I . rose rose I do not need no more clothes , thank you . candy ( softly ) Rose , I know what 's go on . Homer tell I . I get pregnant , too -- about a year ago . ( pause ) I have be through this . Rose Rose look down . rose rose you be not be through what I be through , candy . candy ( do not get it ) yes , I * have *! Rose Rose dismissively wave she hand . candy who 's the father , Rose ? Rose look at candy and shake she head . candy you want to have the baby ? Rose Rose shake she head again , more emphatically . candy I know where you can go . Homer and I can take you ... rose rose I can not go nowhere . candy why ? Rose Rose stay silent . candy be it the father ? do he know ? Rose Rose turn away from candy . candy you can trust I . be it Jack ? it 's not Jack , be it ? it 's * muddy * ! be it muddy ? rose rose ( almost wistfully ) no . it be not muddy . muddy 's just ... Rose Rose stop ; she can not even continue set the table . her voice turn bitter , despair . rose rose it sure be not Jack . there , suddenly , be Mr. Rose , walk past they . he be uncharacteristically tentative . mr. rose ( to he daughter ) I will be up top ... Mr. Rose leave candy and Rose Rose alone again . Rose Rose nod almost invisibly after she father . Rose Rose look pointedly at candy , nodd . candy slowly get it . Mr. Rose be the father ! Rose Rose let that sink in ; she keep look at candy with a ashamed expression . ext . orchard - day the picker be at work , on they ladder , when candy run down the aisle between two row of tree . she stop at the bottom of Homer 's ladder , out of breath . muddy and peaches and hero , in the treetop , be watch and listen . candy she will not go to St. cloud 's ! homer ( shrugging ) well , we can not force she . it 's she decision . candy you do not understand ! it 's she father ... homer Mr. Rose * know *? candy ( shouting ) he 's the * father * ! he 's she baby 's father ! the picker can not help but hear this , too . candy start to leave , Homer run after she . homer wait ... * wait *! be you sure ? candy we have get to keep she away from that bastard ! candy leave . Homer start look for Mr. Rose . ext . orchard , near cider house - moment later smiling he enigmatic smile , Mr. Rose keep slowly pick while Homer stand at the foot of he ladder . mr. rose I do not see where you be pickin ' this mornin ' , Homer , but you musta work up a big appetite . you look like you be serious about gettin ' to you lunch today ! homer be it true ? Mr. Rose stop pick , he eye darting to see who 's around . homer be you sleep with you own daughter ? Mr. Rose , with deliberate slowness , come down the ladder . mr. rose ( slyly ; still compose ) I think you be stayin ' up too late at night , Homer . homer you be actually have sex with you own little girl ? be that possible ? mr. rose ai not nobody havin ' * sex * with my little girl , Homer - - that 's something ' a father know . homer you be lie . how can you ... with you own daughter ! Mr. Rose switch from sly to threaten in a split second . mr. rose Homer , do not you know what business you in ? you do not wanna go into no business with I , Homer - - be not that right ? homer go on , cut my clothes . I have get other clothes . Mr. Rose be indignant . mr. rose you a fine one to be talkin ' about lie . shame ! this people take you in . that boy wally 's at * war *! that take some of the steam out of Homer 's superiority . homer but she 's you * daughter *... mr. rose and I * love * she ! there be not nobody else gonna treat she as good as I do ! ( look away ) I would not do nothin ' to hurt she , Homer - - you must know that . Homer turn ; he speak over he shoulder as he walk away . homer she 's * pregnant * . do you know * that * ? by he expression - - he look as if he 's be punch -- it 's clear that Mr. Rose do not * know that * . the other picker be on they way to lunch ; it 's obvious that muddy , peaches , and hero already know that Mr. Rose be sleep with he daughter . ext . cider house - picnic area - lunchtime Rose Rose be sit at the picnic table when the picker arrive for lunch , almost simultaneously with Homer . he look at , then look away from , Rose Rose . Mr. Rose be the last to sit down at the table as a very tense , wordless lunch begin . ext . orchard - day Homer be on a ladder pick apple . muddy climb a ladder on the other side of the same tree . muddy do not mess in this , Homer , if you know what 's good for you . homer how long 's this be go on , muddy ? muddy Long enough . you be not gonna stop it . muddy look all around for Mr. Rose ; then he give Homer he knife . muddy there 's my knife , Homer . it be not gonna do * I * no good . you give that knife to Rose Rose , you hear ? Homer nod , pockete the knife . as muddy climb down and move he ladder to a adjacent tree , he keep talk to Homer until he disappear in the leave . muddy you best just watch you ass , Homer ! you do not wanna end up like Jack ! Homer thoughtfully continue he work . int . bunkhouse - late at night Homer lie awake in he bed . ext . orchard - late afternoon , another day the picker on they ladder in the tree ; nobody be talk . in the late sun , the leave have a reddish , fiery glow . ext . orchard - another day it 's much colder ; the picker be on they ladder in the tree again , but they be dress for the cold . Homer be high on a ladder ; he turn toward the view of the worthington house when he hear a car come to a screeching halt in the driveway . Homer see candy get out of wally 's car ; she leave the door open and run toward the house . park in front of wally 's car be a Army Jeep , with a enlisted man lean against it . the indifferent soldier smoke a cigarette as he watch candy run . candy no ! no ! Homer descend the ladder and run for the house , down as aisle between the row of tree . the picker watch he run . int . worthington house , live room - day camera follow Homer into the worthington house where , from the front hall , he see olive and candy ( in profile ) sit on the couch . we can not see who 's talk , nor do we recognize the voice . as Homer come into the live room , we see major winslow sit in a chair ( also in profile ) , talk to olive and candy . Major winslow be a smooth , handsome well - brief officer in the casualty branch of the Army Air Corps ; he 's do he homework , but he 's not all business . he 's painfully aware of the delicate nature of he report . major winslow when the plane be hit , the crew chief and the radioman jump close together . the copilot jump third . all on Captain worthington 's order -- the captain be still fly the plane . none of the man of the ground could see the sky -- that 's how thick the jungle be . they never see the plane crash -- they never * hear * it crash . they never see Captain worthington 's parachute , either . olive why be he miss for twenty day ? major winslow because the crew think he would go down with the plane . they be hospitalize for almost a week in China before they be fly back to India . it be not until that they sort through they gear ... candy who care about they * gear * ? major winslow Three man jump from the plane , but they have four compass with they . one of the crew jump with Captain worthington 's compass . candy he be in burma for twenty day without a compass ? major winslow he follow the irrawaddy River , all the way to rangoon . somehow he manage to avoid the jap , but not the mosquito . olive then it 's malaria ? major winslow it 's encephalitis B. he 's recover at mount lavinia Hospital , ceylon . ( pause ) uh ... Captain worthington be paralyze . ( olive gasp ) waist down . he will not walk . candy stand and leave the room . major winslow ( to olive ) I be sorry . homer ( ask the major ) there be no autonomic effect , be there ? Major winslow have to consult he note . major winslow no autonomic effect ... that 's correct . olive when will he be home , Major ? major winslow four week or so , right around Halloween . int . / ext . wally car - lobster pound - end of day Homer and candy be sit in the park car in silence . homer ( finally ) there be no autonomic effect , just the paralysis of the lower extremity . candy stare at he , uncomprehend . homer wally can have kid , a normal sex life ... candy cry . ext . lobster pound - evening Ray be throw snail in the water . candy sit on the end of the dock , slump on Homer 's shoulder . ray how about he not needin ' the friggin ' compass ! how about that ? candy daddy , * please *... Ray know that she want he to leave . he shuffles off the dock , toward the house . he know how they both must feel . ray good night , kid . do not catch cold -- it 's gettin ' cold already . candy good night , daddy . homer good night , Ray . Homer try to cuddle closer , but candy sit up , preoccupy . homer just tell I . I will do whatever you want to do . candy nothing . homer be not that like wait and see ? candy no. nothing be nothing . I want wally to come home . I be afraid to see he , too . homer I know . ( he kiss she ) be * that * nothing . candy no , do not -- that 's something . nothing be nothing . ( Homer 's sad smile ) do not even look at I . I want ... candy bury she face in he chest . candy ...to do nothing . Homer hold she , do nothing , while she sob . as she cry subside , Homer 's thought be far away . with candy slump against he , hugging he , he do not look at she ; instead , he look out to sea and at the darken coast , candy 's word resonate . a unfamiliar expression be on he face . homer ( mumble to himself ) it 's a tempting idea , I know ... to do nothing . candy be silent . Homer feel strangely agitate ; he shift he position . candy ( groan ) please do not move , do not go anywhere . homer ( overly genuine ) * go * anywhere ? of course not ! that would be * do * something , would not it ? we would not want to * do * something . let 's just sit here all night ! candy ( irritate ) if you be try to be funny , Homer ... homer ( irritate , too ) I be not try to be anything -- I be just do nothing ! if I wait and see long enough , then -- with any luck -- I will not * ever * have to make up my mind ! decision can be painful , after all ... candy be angry ; she get to she foot and stare hard at he . candy stop it ! just cut it out ! homer ( mock surprise ) you get up ! you * do * something ! if you keep this up , you might be in danger of make a * decision * ! candy for God 's sake , Homer , wally 's be shot down ! candy sob . Homer put he face in he hand for a minute . he regains he composure and stand up . homer ( genuinely contrite ) I know , I be sorry . candy ( yell and sobbing ) he 's * paralyze *! homer ( deadpan ; just the fact ) he 's * alive * . he still love you . ( pause ) so do i. candy ( anguish ) what do you want I to * do *? he face away from she . homer ( with calm resolve ) nothing . you be not the one who have to do anything . ext . cider house - night Homer be in semidarkness as he walk toward the cider house . mr. rose ( o.s. ) where do you think you be go ? rose rose ( o.s. ) you gotta let I go , daddy . please ... Homer walk faster . when he get to the cider house , he see Mr. Rose and Rose Rose argue . Rose be sit on the bicycle , a bundle of she clothes tie up behind the seat . mr. rose you be not goin ' nowhere in the middle of the night , girl ! rose rose I be not you business no more , daddy . please let I go . Rose Rose start to pedal away , but Mr. Rose stop she . she start to struggle . homer hey , hey ! stop it . maybe I can help . they turn to see Homer . mr. rose you just go inside , Homer . we do not need no help . rose rose that 's right , Homer . this be not you business . she try to break free from she father and pedal away , but he stop she again . they keep struggle . homer please listen to I ! * both * of you ... mr. rose you forget yourself , Homer . this here 's my daughter ! you get you own mess to deal with -- be not that right ? Homer step between they , which make Mr. Rose furious . mr. rose ( yell ) what business be you in , Homer ? homer Mr. Rose , I be in the * doctor * business . ( to Rose Rose ) if you want , I can help you . you do not have to go anywhere . Rose Rose and Mr. Rose stop struggle . suddenly Homer be in charge . int . bunkhouse - night muddy , hero and peaches smoke in they bed . Rose Rose open she curtain and peer out from she bed . she get up and go toward the kitchen area in she nightshirt ; she stop at a unused bed , now cover with white rubber sheet -- Homer 's medical instrument be display and ready . Homer finish scrubbing he hand in the sink . his surgical mask be loosely tie around he neck . Mr. Rose be look at Homer 's surgical instrument when Rose Rose join he . mr. rose ( to Homer ) what 's that ? what 's it call ? homer one cervical stabilizer , two set of dilator -- Douglas point . one medium - size curette , one small ; one medium speculum , one large ; two vulsellum forcep . mr. rose there be not no * almost * about this stuff , Homer - - be not that right ? Homer ignore he ; he keep name he equipment . homer merthiolate , ether , vulval pad , gauze - - lot of gauze . mr. rose when it come to this , you be the real thing -- be that what you sayin ' ? Homer look at Mr. Rose and Rose Rose . homer no * almost * about it -- I be a doctor . Homer turn to peaches , hero , and muddy . homer get out of here , please . muddy herd peaches and hero out of the bunkhouse . mr. rose I be stayin ' , Homer . homer okay . then you can be of use . int . bunkhouse - night Mr. Rose wear a surgical mask ; he be sweat , even in the cold , and he eye look stricken as he watch Homer , who be perform the abortion . Mr. Rose hold the ether cone over Rose Rose 's face . he drip some ether from the bottle on the cone . cut quickly for Rose Rose 's etherize face ... to Mr. Rose 's eye above he mask ... to Homer work with he eye train on the speculum ... ext . cider house - night ...to muddy and peaches and hero huddle under the overhange roof in the rain . int . bunkhouse - night Mr. Rose be have a hard time breathe . homer you better get some air . ext . cider house - night the cider house in the rain . Mr. Rose stagger out ; he stand there in the rain , try to regain he composure . he start to scream . another angle : huddle under the overhange roof , muddy and peaches and hero be watch he . int . bunkhouse - rainy day Rose Rose , curl in a fetal position , listen to the rain on the roof . candy sit on she bed beside she . she help she to sit up , to drink a glass of water ; then Rose Rose lie down again . Rose Rose 's expression never change while candy talk to she . Mr. Rose lie in he bed in the exact same fetal position as he daughter ; he too , be listen to candy . Homer be put away he instrument . candy the bleed should taper off tomorrow , but it can come back again . the cramp will ease up , almost entirely . the bleed be usually much lighter in two day . as long as the bleed be not heavy , it 's normal . muddy enter the cider house from out of the storm . he glance at candy and Rose Rose ; then at Homer . then he speak to Mr. Rose . muddy it 's that Vernon - - he keep askin ' where you and Homer and Rose Rose be at . mr. rose tell that Vernon to mind he own business , muddy . muddy I tell he that you all be sick . mr. rose tell he what you want , muddy --* you * be the crew boss today . hero and peaches , drip wet , come inside . peaches be stand next to the list of rule tack to the kitchen support beam . peach look at that . they same damn rule be tack up again ! Homer have finish put he instrument away . muddy why do not you put they damn rule in the wood stove , peaches ? as the man be murmure they approval of this idea , Rose Rose interject . rose rose I want to hear what they be , first . the man groan , but Mr. Rose will not oppose he daughter on this subject -- not this time . he just lie there . rose rose Homer , let I hear what they be . Homer begin to read . homer " one : please do not smoke in bed . " muddy we hear that one already , Homer . homer " two : please do not go up to the roof to eat you lunch . " peach that 's the best place to eat lunch ! homer " Three : please - - even if you be very hot -- do not go up to the roof to sleep . " hero what do they think ? they must think we be crazy ! muddy they think we be dumb nigger so we need dumb rule -- that 's what they think . homer this be the last one . the man groan , in mock disappointment . homer " four : there should be no go up on the roof at night . " peach why do not they just say , " stay off the roof ! " ? hero yeah , they do not want we up there * at all *! Homer crumple the list and throw it into the wood stove . rose rose ( to Homer ) that 's * it *? homer that 's it . rose rose it mean nothin ' at all ! and all this time I be * wonderin ' * about it ! peach they're * outrageous * , they rule ! mr. rose who * live * here in this cider house , peaches ? who grind they apple , who press that cider , who clean up the mess , and who just plain * live * here ... just breathin ' in the vinegar ? ( he pause ) somebody who * do not * live here make they rule . they rule be not for *us * . * we* the one who make up they rule . we makin ' we *own * rule , every day . ai not that right , Homer ? homer right . camera close on candy . int . / ext . wally car - drive - in theatre - evening Homer and candy sit and stare at the blank screen ; they do not look at each other . candy grip the steering wheel of the park car . candy please do not make I say it again . homer no , that 's not it -- I just want to be sure I understand you . candy slump forward with she forehead on the steering wheel . homer I * help * you not to think about wally . you be so upset -- you could not stand worry about he , about he be kill and not come back -- but when you be with I , you could stop worry ... well , for a while , anyway . this be how I help you , right ? candy please ... that 's enough . I * love * you , too -- you know I do . homer " ...did . " well , okay . candy please do not ... homer ( sarcastically ) and now that wally 's come back , and because he will certainly * need * you ... candy you say that as though it 's some awful thing ! ( angrily ) I never stop loving wally ! Homer let that sink in . homer ( still sarcastic ) at least there 's no more wait and see . at least I get to see the ocean . candy cover she face in she hand and cry uncontrollably , unstoppably . Homer 's anger keep he impervious to she tear -- another " first " for he . he turn and look at she with a almost clinical curiosity ; then he go back to stare at the blank screen . ext . orchard - in front of the apple mart - dawn the rain have stop but the grass be wet , the tree glisten in the dawn light as wally 's car stop and Homer get out . the car exit the frame in one direction ; Homer , walk , exit the frame in another . ext . cider house - dawn as he walk toward the cider house , Homer see muddy and peaches and hero wave to he from the roof . muddy Rose Rose have run away ! peach she take off in the night ! muddy she take off on the bicycle , man . Homer start jogging , then run toward the cider house . muddy come down the ladder to meet he . int . bunkhouse - early morning Rose Rose 's bed be expose . the curtain be flung open ; she bed be empty . Mr. Rose be still in he bed , in the fetal position we have see before . Mr. Rose 's trancelike expression do not change as Homer and muddy enter . mr. rose ai not nobody gonna find she , Homer - - she 's long go . ( pause ) I swear , I do not try and stop she -- I just wanna touch she hand before she go . that 's all I wanna do , I swear . ( pause ) where would she get that knife , muddy ? that look like * you * knife -- what I see of it . muddy be scared ; he look to Homer for advice . mr. rose if that be you knife , muddy , I wanna thank you for givin ' it to she -- no girl should be goin ' * hitch-hikin ' * if she do not get a good knife with she . homer ( see the blood ) where would she get you ? mr. rose she just plan misunderstand I -- I be tryin ' to give she my knife , I be just reachin ' to touch she hand . but I understand if she misunderstand I -- it 's all my fault , be not that right ? Homer take the blanket off he ; muddy gasp . Homer try to examine Mr. Rose 's wound . Mr. Rose smile at he . mr. rose it 's too late for the doctor now , Homer - - be not that right ? Homer do not answer ; he know Mr. Rose be a goner . mr. rose ( proudly ) she 's * good * with that knife ! she 's real fast . she 's a lot better with that knife than * you * be , muddy ! and who do you suppose teach she ? muddy * you * teach she , I suppose ... mr. rose that 's right ! a girl 's gotta know how to defend herself , do not she ? he wince in pain at Homer 's examination . homer ( surprised ) there 's more than one laceration , more than one cut . mr. rose that 's ' cause I stick my *own * knife in the wound -- after she go , I stick my *own * knife in there . I poke it all around , I just tryin ' to find the same place she get I . Homer find Mr. Rose 's knife . there 's blood everywhere . mr. rose you listen to I : you tell they police how this happen , you tell it * this * way , you hear ? my daughter , she run off -- and I so sad about it that I stab myself . I so unhappy that she go , I kill myself -- that what you say , you hear ? that the true story -- be not that right ? Homer and muddy exchange a glance . Mr. Rose , with he blood - soak hand , suddenly grab Homer by the throat . mr. rose let I hear you say that ! I so unhappy she run away that I kill myself -- that what happen here , be not that right ? homer right ? muddy that what happen -- you lose you only daughter so 's you kill yourself ! that 's what we say , all right . mr. rose that 's right . I know you understand how I feel , Homer - - you be breakin ' they rule , too . ai not that right ? Mr. Rose die . muddy turn away . Homer close Mr. Rose 's eye . ext . cider house , roof - morning muddy and hero and peaches be sit close together on the roof , like banish child . it be from they perspective that we see the police car and the ambulance -- two man carry the body out of the cider house , and a cop or two talk to Homer and olive , and Homer talk to they . we hear no dialogue . ext . apple mart - dusk Homer and the man load crate of apple jelly onto a truck . the mood be solemn ; they work with tired focus . candy drive up . the man be evasive with she ; they find a reason to work across the mart . candy walk to Homer , stand next to he . they say nothing for a moment , until candy break the silence . candy do you think she will be all right ? homer she know how to take care of herself . candy look away ; she can not think of what to say . she shove she hand into she pocket , find a letter there , which she hand to Homer . candy this come for you a couple of day ago . olive ask I to bring it . with everything happen , I guess she forget . homer sure . thanks . Homer look at the letter from St. cloud 's ; he put it unopen in he pocket without a second think . candy can not let thing end there . candy I know you do not think much of be need , or of I for that matter ... homer I be sorry for what I say about wally need you . it be ... unnecessary . candy no , I be the one who should be sorry . you have every right to be angry . homer no . you warn I . I do not listen , but you warn I . candy look surprised . homer you tell I you be not any good at be alone . ( pause ) you tell wally , too . right ? candy can only stare straight ahead . homer ( relenting ) he 's go to be fine , wally 's go to be fine . I know he be . a tear roll down candy 's cheek , Homer wipe it away ; then he stop touch she and look off into the quiet orchard . int . bunkhouse - night the picker lie in they bed , smoking . Homer be undress . he pull the letter out of he pocket and sit down on he bed . Homer open the letter without enthusiasm and begin to read . angela ( v.o. ) dear Homer , I be write to tell you about wilbur . int . dispensary - night Music be play on the old phonograph as a exhaust larch give himself ether . int . girl ' division - night edna be get the girl ready for bed . Music continue over . int . dispensary - night larch have twisted himself on the narrow bed so that he face be unusually close to the windowsill , and when the ether cone start to fall off he face -- and he slack hand trail down , off the side of the bed -- the cone become catch against the windowsill . he try to turn he face away from the cone , but he press he face into the sill -- thus hold the ether - soak cone over he mouth and nose . his hand twitch , he 's try to wake up ; the hand that hold the ether bottle let the bottle fall . the bottle shatter against the sill ; the ether spread , run red with blood from a cut on Dr. larch 's hand or finger . Music continue over . it 's a funeral . int . corridor - night buster be bring in the wood as the music play over . buster smell the spill ether . he head toward the dispensary , sniff . camera follow he into the dispensary . in the dispensary : buster approach larch 's ether - bed . buster Dr. larch ? Dr. larch ? he drop the armload of wood and run for help . int . dispensary - night Angela enter . she feel for larch 's pulse ; larch be dead . Angela open a window . she pull 's larch 's body away from the windowsill . buster join she on the bed . angela ( v.o. ) I can assure you that the overdose be entirely accidental . int . bunkhouse - night Homer finish read the letter ; he put it down , get up , and walk to a window . he stare into the night . angela ( v.o. ) let we be happy for Dr. larch . Dr. larch have find a family . the boy ( v.o. ) good night , Dr. larch ! good night , Dr. larch ! good night , Dr. larch ! Homer wipe a tear off he cheek . ext . picker ' truck - cider / packing house - morning the truck be pack for the long trip south ; it pass by the pack house , which look close for the season . no one else be about . muddy be drive slowly , he arm out the open window . in the back , huddle among they belonging , be peaches and hero ( on one side ) and Homer ( on the other ) . the picker be try to draw Homer into they conversation , while Homer be give the apple farm a good - bye look . he have make up he mind about something . muddy you ever see a palm tree , Homer ? peach he be not never be outta Maine ! hero ai not you sick of pine tree , Homer ? Homer just smile and shake he head . ext . worthington house , driveway - morning as the picker ' truck drive past , Homer be on the side of the truck nearest the worthington house and driveway ; he see olive and candy and Ray help wally out of the car and into a wheelchair . a nurse stand by . wally be wear what appear to be a oversize officer 's coat or flight jacket , he face look small in the overlarge clothes . he can not move he leg at all , and he mouth be draw into a tight - lipped smile . peach ( o.s. ) let I tell you something ' about Florida , Homer . hero ( o.s. ) the Sunshine State ! peach ( o.s. ) it 's so nice and ' warm down there , you can pick they grapefruit and orange * naked* , if you want to . olive be dissolve in tear . candy be sobbing ; she kiss wally , without cease , while he haltingly touch she face , she hair . in the truck the smile be go from Homer 's face . he shake he head . homer thanks , guy ... I would like to go with you . but I have get to move on . muddy yeah , well ... you could move on with *us* , man ! you could move on somewhere * warm *! peach Homer , stayin ' in Maine be not movin ' on ! this make all the picker laugh , but Homer just smile and shake he head . he watch the worthington house disappear from view . int . moving train - passenger car - night a conductor , take ticket , come to Homer , who be better dress than we have ever see he ; he be look at he sober reflection in the black window - glass of the night train when the conductor get he attention . when the conductor move on , Homer take Angela 's letter out of he breast pocket ; he skip ahead to the end . angela ( v.o. ) Dr. larch often wonder how the world be treat you . ext . ST . cloud be - graveyard - afternoon angela ( v.o. ) he talk a lot about you , hope you would be of use , whatever you be up to . Angela and buster and Mary agnes and edna carry larch 's coffin ; they set it down by the raw hole . the pile of fresh dirt stand out against the new snow ; the hole be black against the new white . edna ( o.s. ) " oh , Lord , support we all the day long ... " we see the wheelbarrow with the gravestone . edna ( o.s. ) " ... until the shadow lengthen and the evening come , and the busy world be hushed , and the fever of life be over , and we work be do . " int . girl ' division - night we see the face of the girl praying for larch ( Mary agnes , too ) as edna finish she favorite prayer . edna " then , in thy mercy grant we a safe lodging , and a holy rest , and peace at the last . " int . moving train - passenger car - night camera close on Homer , sleep to the sound of the rock train . Angela 's letter lie in he lap . the girl ( o.s. ) amen ! amen ! amen ! ext . ST . cloud be - train station - early morning the train stop , blow snow . Homer step off the train carry a suitcase and Dr. larch 's bag . the disapprove stationmaster be still disapprove . Music play over , something triumphant . ext . ST . cloud be - the hill - early morning Homer make he way up the hill toward the orphanage . Music over . ext . orphanage - early morning edna be break up fight ; this time , instead of fight over snowballs , the orphan be fight over they pumpkin . suddenly Homer top the brow of the hill and they all see he . buster be the first to catch sight of Homer ; he run toward he . Mary agnes also see Homer ; she immediately turn away and run inside . Music fade out over . int . lavatory - early morning Mary agnes crash into the bathroom and stumble up to the mirror ; she start to fix herself up with shaking hand . int . orphanage , front hall - early morning everyone have hear the news ; they come on the run . the child flock around Homer , hugging he . Homer take Angela and edna in he arm . Mary agnes join the group . Homer take in how change , how attractive she be . they smile awkwardly at each other . int . boy ' division - evening Homer 's suitcase be open on the bed ; we see Homer 's hand as he begin to unpack . smaller hand reach in and root through the clothes . curly ( o.s. ) do you bring something for I ? curly continue he search . Homer think for a second ; then reach into he pocket and pull out the piece of pale - green glass . homer you know what ? I do . Homer hand the piece of glass to curly . homer it 's from the ocean . it 's for you . curly be duly impressed ; he walk away to examine he new treasure . Homer continue unpack . he pull he X ray out and put it aside . buster what be you do here ? Homer turn to see buster , Mary agnes , Angela , and edna in the doorway . mary agnes we make up a room for you . angela would not you be more comfortable by yourself ? Homer smile ; he nod . Angela and Mary agnes start to put Homer 's thing back in he bag . edna pick up the X ray and look at it with a somber expression . edna Homer , do you know what this be ? homer sure . it 's my heart . angela ( shake she head ) actually , it 's fuzzy 's . there 's nothing wrong with you heart . homer fuzzy 's ?! edna Dr. larch want to keep you out of the war , Homer - - that 's why he do it . that 's why he tell you it be yours . Homer be stunne ; he put he hand to he heart . angela I think he worried about he own heart . he say it would never stand up to Homer Wells go off to war . Homer take that in ; he nod . Mary agnes touch he sympathetically . int . larch office - night Homer look at he fake diploma ; they be now frame and hang on the office wall . Homer survey the office , as if for the first time ; he sit down in the desk chair , as if slowly get use to he new position . int . boy ' division - night Homer read to the boy from " David copperfield " . while he voice be strong -- positive , optimistic , certainly reassure to the boy -- there be in the conclusion of the chapter something that distract he . he seem to hesitate ; he miss a line or two , and perhaps he purposely skip one or two other . ( possibly Homer 's eye wander ahead , to the title of the next chapter : " I make another beginning . " ) homer " thus I begin my new life , in a new name , and with everything new about I ... I feel ... like one in a dream ... the remembrance of that life be fraught with so much ... want of hope ... whether it last for a year , or more , or less , I do not know . I only know that it be , and cease to be ; and ... there I leave it . " Homer stop and look at the boy ' face . curly what happen next ? Homer smile . homer that 's tomorrow , curly . let 's mot give the story away . Homer put out the light and leave the boy in the familiar semi-darkness . second , later , the close door to the hall be flung open , flooding the room with light from the hall , and Homer , dress in he long white laboratory coat and look every inch the doctor , deliver he best imitation of larch 's popular bless . homer good night , you prince of Maine ! you king of New England ! on copperfield and steerforth and curly as the door to the hall be close and semi-darkness prevail in the room again . copperfield , smile , shut he eye . after a second , the wide - eye steerforth shut he eye , too . then curly . the last to close he eye be buster . fade to black : the end