" the hudsucker proxy " written by ethan coen , Joel coen , and Sam raimi September 1992 draft black no image . a bleak wind moan . hold . with a stinging chord we -- CUT to : CITY skyline - night ( circa 1958 ) light twinkle . snow fall . the wind moan . after a beat , the voice of a elderly black man : narrator ( v.o. ) the 's right ... New York . we be tracking high through the night sky . from the street far below we hear the sound of traffic muffle by the fall snow , and the distant sound of many voice singing . we be drifting among the building ; the top of skyscraper slip by leave and right . narrator ( v.o. ) it 's 1958 -- anyway , for a few mo ' minute it be . come midnight it 's gonna be 1959 . a whole ' nother feelin' . the New Year . the future ... the singing , a little more audible , but still not close , be " auld lang syne . " narrator ( v.o. ) ... yeah ole daddy Earth fixin ' to start one mo ' trip ' round the sun , a ' evvybody hopin ' this ride ' round be a little mo ' giddy , a little mo ' gay ... we be moving in toward a particular skyscraper . at its top be a large illuminate clock . narrator ( v.o. ) yep ... we hear a series of popping sound . narrator ( v.o. ) ... all over town champagne cork be a-poppin ' . a big band waltz mix up on the track . narrator ( v.o. ) ... over in the waldorf the big shot be dancin ' to the strain of guy lombardo ... down in Times Square the little folk be a-watchin ' and a - waitin ' of ' that big ball to drop ... the lombardo music give way to the chanting of a distant crowd : " sixty ! fifty-nine ! fifty-eight ! " narrator ( v.o. ) ... they all tryin ' to catch holt a one moment of time ... the chanting have mix back down again to leave only the wind . still tracking in toward the top of the skyscraper , we begin to hear the tick of its enormous clock . the clock read a minute to twelve . above it , in neon , a company 's name : " hudsucker industries . " below it , in neon , the company 's motto : " the future be now . " narrator ( v.o. ) ...to be able to say -- ' right now ! this be it ! I get it !' ' course by then it will be past . ( more cheerfully ) but they all happy , evvybody havin ' a good time . we be moving in on a darken penthouse window next to the clock . the window start to open . narrator ( v.o. ) ... well , almost evvybody . they 's a few lose soul floatin ' ' round out there ... a young man be crawl out of the window onto the ledge . with the open of the window , " auld lang syne " filter out with great volume . narrator ( v.o. ) ... this one 's norville barne . the man gingerly straighten up on the ledge . he be perhaps in he late twenty . he wear a leather apron . printed on the apron : " hudsucker mail room / the future be now . " he look with nervous determination into the void . narrator ( v.o. ) ... let 's move in for a closer look . the camera oblige . we track in slowly , ending very close . narrator ( v.o. ) ... that office he jes step out of be the office of the president of hudsucker industry . it 's he office ... norville sway in anguish as the ticking of the clock grow louder and the wind blow in he face . narrator ( v.o. ) ... how would he get so high ? a ' why be he feelin ' so low ? be he really gonna do it -- be norville really gonna jelly up the sidewalk ? norville be tensing he body , peer out over the ledge , prepare to make a swan dive into oblivion -- but the camera' continue movement be losing he from frame . we be moving in on the enormous clock , whose mechanical thrum become very loud indeed . narrator ( v.o. ) ... well the future , that 's something you can not never tell about ... the second hand of the clock be near the twelve -- bare second to midnight . distant chanting from Times Square mix up : " nine ! eight ! Seven ! " narrator ( v.o . ) ... but the past ... that 's another story ... over black the hum of the clock sink under the hiss of a airbrake and grinding gear as we ... CUT to : destination display on the front of a bus just rock to a halt . the display say " muncie - new york . " line of bag be be set out on the pavement . a man with the cuff of a redcap uniform swing one into the f.g. : it have a sticker on it : CLASS of ' 58 , and below a illustration of cross right and leave hand , they thumb hook and finger spread like wing : muncie college of business administration . after a beat the hand of its claimant enter to pick it up . dissolve to : STREET following the bag as its owner carry it down the street . he pause , set it down . young man Fresh -face , eager -- norville barne . he be gaze off at : wessel employment agency the sign be over a ground floor office ; a exterior clock show 9:00 . a curtain be just be pull open in its picture window to reveal a great job board . it be like the departure board in a great train station , with each of its individual entry flipping over occasionally to reveal a new opportunity . on offer be job like : pastry chef , steamfitter , lay - out man , gravedigger , etc . reverse on the small crowd gather to , like norville , watch the board -- man in search of job , of various class and vocation , but alike in they intent gaze , they hand dig into they pocket , they hat push back on they head , bob occasionally to get a better view of the chatter board . Men occasionally head for the office as they see a prospect they like . norville stand pat , watch . he Pov a entry flip over to reveal executive vice president . norville he brighten . board we pan along the executive entry to experience require . norville he frown . around he , the crowd be thinning out as man trot in to apply for they respective job . we see other entry : junior executive . pan to experience only . executive manager ... must have experience . businessman ... experienced . the cross - cutting end in a wash of super -imposition panning over norviille , now alone on the sidewalk : experienced only ... experienced ... experienced ... experienced ... CUT to : close shot - executive a middle - age , mousy - look man in a conservative suit and wire - rimmed spectacle be address he remark to someone o.s. behind the executive we see only the skyline of New York City . executive -- so in the third quarter we see no sign of weaken . we be up 18 percent over last year 's third quarter gross and , needless to say , that 's a new record ... tracking down the length of the board room table . executive line either side . we be approaching the man at the far end of the table , to whom the report be be direct . he be late middle - age , dress expensively but conservatively , he attention smilingly fix on the executive who drone on . executive ... the competition continue to flag and we continue to take up the slack . market share in most division be increase and we have open seven new regional office ... the track have ended in a closeup of the man at the end of the table , who still smile benignantly at the dron executive . the smile be serene , almost otherwordly . this be waring hudsucker . reporting executive he drone on . executive ... we international division have also show vigorous upward movement in the past six month and we be look at some exciting thing in r&amp ; D ... the camera slowly pan off the dron executive as the big man 's attention apparently wander ; we frame up on the picture window skyline of New York . executive ( v.o. ) sub-franchising . do not talk to I about sub-franchising ; we be make so much money in sub- franchise it be not even funny . fold - back want ads a hand with pencil go down a list of position , tick each one : streetsweeper -- experienced ; linotype man -- experienced ; cantor ( reform ) -- experienced ; sparring partner -- experienced . wider norville , sit at a coffeeshop counter , set the pencil down . his chin be sink disconsolately into he palm . his hat be push back dejectedly on he head . he idly stir he coffee with he spoon . he take one last gulp of the coffee , then set the cup down on the want ad , stand , and dig into he pocket for change , turn it inside - out . close on counter as norville put all he change on the counter . his hand hesitates ; he take a little of it back . he leave frame . a waitress 's hand enter from the far side of the counter . she clear away the saucer , then the cup -- which have be rest on the want ad . it leave a perfect brown circle around one entry : the future be now . start building yours at hudsucker industry . low pay . Long hour . no experience necessary . apply personnel , 285 madison Avenue . as we hear the coffeeshop door open o.s. , a draft waft the sheet of newspaper off the counter and out of frame . new york CITY skyline again looking through the window as , o.s. , the report executive drone on . executive ( o.s. ) ... we own - and-operated be perform far above expectation both here and abroad , and the Federal tax Act of 1958 be give we a swell writeoff on we plant and heavies ... waring hudsucker look dreamily out the window . his attention return to the dron executive and the benignant smile return to he lip . executive ... the news in the money market be not good -- it 's excellent ... CUT to : norville's back he walk dejectedly down the street , hand shove into he pocket . a sheet of newspaper eddyy into frame . the wind toss it this way and that . slap ! -- it plaster against another pedestrian , who bat it away . the newspaper eddyy around some more , then plaster against norville . he peel it off and be about to toss it away but stop , notice something . newspaper scrap it be a section of the want ad . one entry be perfectly circle by a coffee stain . back to norville he look up from the paper . there be purpose in he gaze . wind whip he hair . CUT to : close shot - waring hudsucker as the executive drone on , o.s. , hudsucker be carefully wind he wristwatch . executive ( o.s. ) ... we nominee and assign continue to multiply and expand extend we influence regionally , nationally and globally . so , third quarter and year - to -date , we have set a new record for sale ... hudsucker look up from he watch , smile , run he palm back over he fringe of hair . executive ( o.s. ) ... new record in gross ... hudsucker pull he sleeve cuff to expose just the right amount under the suit . executive ( o.s. ) ... new record in pre-tax earning ... hudsucker take one puff from he cigar and carefully set it in he ashtray . executive ( o.s. ) ... new record in after- tax profit ... he deliberately unstrap he wristwatch and look at its face . the sweep second hand be start the last revolution that will end at precisely noon . executive ( o.s. ) ... and we stock have split twice this year ... hudsucker lay the watch carefully on the table . executive ( o.s. ) ... in short ... savore a pause , the executive look around the board table . executive ... we be load . this draw a appreciative chuckle from the board . it be cut off by : hudsucker ahem ... the board turn expectantly to hudsucker , who sit in the f.g. Beyond he be the length of the board table and the large picture window . he rise to he foot , slowly and deliberately , and rub he palm together . he swing he chair out . he step up onto the chair . the board stare . he step up from the chair onto the board table . the head of the board member swing up in unison . hudsucker be framed from mid - torso down . he shake the tension loose from each leg , then waggle both arm dangle at he side , like a athlete prepare for a sprint . executive ... Mr. hudsucker ? close on want ads the circle ad the future be now . start building yours at hudsucker industry . low pay . Long hour . no experienced necessary . apply personnel , 285 madison Avenue . the hand hold the paper drop away and we tilt up , as norville walk away from we into the b.g. , towards the office building across the street . its street number top its impose entryway in large gilt letter : 285 . we continue tilting up the length of the skyscraper , to reveal a huge clock capping its facade . above the clock be the identification " hudsucker industries . " below the clock be the motto " the future be now . " the huge clock 's sweep second hand be just approach the position that will make the time 12:00 sharp . another angle as the second hand hit the twelve , the clock toll , the board room window shatter and waring hudsucker come fly out . hudsucker aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh ... secretarial area somewhere in the hudsucker Building . a secretary sit type next to a open window , finish page sit stack beside she . as we hear another toll of the clock . hudsucker ... aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh ... as hudsucker shoot past the window , he draft send the stack of papers wafting this way and that . as the secretary turn to look out the window , freeze frame ( wafting papers have they motion arrest ) and super a title . tracking with hudsucker , the building slip by behind he . as he yell he calmly run he palm back over he fringe of hair . the clock toll . freeze frame and super a title . hot dog vendor on the street , hand a steaming frank to a customer who be hand he some change . as we hear the approaching hudsucker , both man look up . as the clock toll : freeze frame and super a title . passerby on sidewalk the man , wear a fedora , be in the f.g. of a extreme low angle whose b.g. be the bottom three or four storey of the hudsucker Building . the passerby react to the approach yell , look up just as hudsucker enter frame . freeze frame to suspend hudsucker a good twenty foot above the sidewalk , arm and leg splay , comically arrest . the passerby be freeze in a attitude of surprise and disbelief . super the title of the film : the hudsucker proxy . unfreeze to send hudsucker plummete through the frame to he rendezvous with the sidewalk , below frame . dutch angle the hudsucker Building list up into the distance . a woman in a fancy fruite hat with a black veil rise into frame at a opposing slant . look down at the sidewalk , she send two dismay hand to she cheek and screeeeeamsb . dissolve through to : ext . top floor with the last toll of the clock punctuate the CUT , we be floating in toward the shattered board room window . the woman 's scream on the street below be faint , echoing , mixing into the sound of a approaching siren . through the window we see the board member still sit around the table , paralyze in attitude of horror and disbelief . all stare at the shattered window in the f.g . at the far end of the table , hudsucker 's chair be empty and oddly askew . his cigar still smoke in its ashtray . there be dust footprint down the middle of the long oak table . one executive sit with a plume cigarette hold halfway to he mouth ; another hold a carafe suspend on its way to he water glass ; another hold he spectacle inch from he nose . we hear only the hum of the hudsucker clock . sid mussburger enter frame at the window . he be a tall middle - age executive with lean and rugge good look and a commanding presence . he knock a last piece of glass out of the sill with he knuckle , look out , grunt , and draw he head back in . the camera follows he into the room . the other board member ' head swivel to watch he , all stare , search desperately for some hint as to the fate of they fall leader . apparently , some absurd hope still linger . mussburger perches on the board table by he own chair . he reach over to pluck the smoking cigar from the suicide 's ashtray . mussburger pity to waste a whole monte cristo . the other board member unfreeze , they worst fear confirm . a executive he could have open the window . elderly executive waring hudsucker never do anything the easy way . addison my God , why ?! why do he do it ?! thing be go so well ! mussburger what be I a headshrinker ? maybe the man be unhappy . addison he do not look unhappy ! executive yeah , well , he do not look rich . eldery executive waring hudsucker be never a easy man to figure out . ( reminisc ) he build this company with he bare hand . every step he take be a step up . except of course this last one . mussburger sure , sure , he be a swell guy , but when the president , chairman of the board and holder of eighty - seven percent of the company 's stock drop forty - four floor -- precise executive forty -five -- eldery executive count the mezzanine -- mussburger -- then the company have a problem . stillson , what exactly be the disposition of waring 's stock ? stillson well , as you know , hud leave no will and have no family . the company bylaw be quite clear in that event . his entire portfolio will be convert to common stock and will be sell over the counter as of the first of the fiscal year follow he demise . mussburger meaning ? stillson meaning simply that waring 's stock , and control of the company , will be available to the public on January first . mussburger you mean to tell I that any slob in a smelly T-shirt will be able to buy hudsucker stock ? stillson shrug . stillson the company bylaw be quite clear . addison my God ! you be animal ! how can you discuss he stock when the man have just leapt forty - five floor -- precise executive forty-four -- elderly executive -- not count the mezzanine . mussburger quit showboat , addison , the man be go . the question now be whether we be go to let John q. Public waltz in and buy 87 percent of we company . pipe - smoking executive what be you suggest , sidney ? certainly we can not afford to buy a control interest . mussburger not while the stock be this strong . how long before hud 's paper hit the market ? stillson January first . a executive thirty day . another executive four week . addison a month at the most . mussburger one month to make the blue - chip investment of the century look like a round - trip ticket on the Titanic . a executive we play up the fact that hud be dead . all ( in unison ) Long live the hud !! another executive we depress the stock -- yet another executive -- to the point where we can buy fifty - percent . precise executive fifty-one . elderly executive not count the mezzanine . cautious executive it could work . optimistic executive it should work . practical executive it would work . mussburger ( at ticker tape machine ) it 's work already . waring hudsucker be abstract art on madison Avenue . all we need now be a new president who will inspire real panic in we stockholder . enthusiastic executive yeah , a puppet ! another executive a proxy ! yet another executive a pawn ! mussburger stride across the room from the still chatter ticker tape machine and lower himself into waring hudsucker 's chair . he take a last puff from he cigar and slowly exhales a cloud of smoke . mussburger sure , sure . some jerk we can really push around . CUT to : swinging steel door that read , " mailroom . " they burst open as norville , who wear a mail clerk 's leather apron , imprint : hudsucker mailroom / the future be now . the hellish mailroom be criss - cross by pipe that emit hissing jet of steam . as he wheel a pile -high mail cart down the aisle , norville be accompany by a orientation agent who bellow at he over the clamor and roar of many man labor in the bowel of a great corporation . agent you punch in at 8:30 every morning except you punch in at 7:30 follow a business holiday unless it 's a Monday and then you punch in at eight o'clock ! you punch in at 7:45 whenever we work extend day and you punch out at the regular time unless you have work through lunch ! norville what 's exte -- agent punch in late and they dock ya ! people on either side bellow at norville and stuff envelope and package under he elbow , into he pocket , under he chin , between he clench tooth , etc . first screamer this go to seven ! Mr. mutuszak ! urgent ! agent incoming article , get a voucher ! outgoing article , provide a voucher ! move any article without a voucher and they dock ya ! second screamer take this up to the secretarial pool on three ! right away ! do not break it ! agent letter size a green voucher ! folder size a yellow voucher ! parcel size a maroon voucher ! third screamer this one 's for morgatross ! chop chop ! agent wrong color voucher and they dock ya ! six-seven-eight-seven-zero-four - niner -alpha-slash -six ! that be you employee number ! it will not be repeat ! without you employee number you can not cash you paycheck ! FOURTH screamer this go up to twenty - seven ! if there 's no one there bring it down to eighteen ! have them sign the waiver ! don't come back down here without a signed waiver !! agent inter-office mail be code 37 ! intra - office mail be 37 - dash - 3 ! outside mail be 3 - dash 37 ! code it wrong and they dock ya ! fifth screamer I be suppose to have this on twenty - eight ten minute ago ! cover for I ! agent this have be you orientation ! be there anything you do not understand ? be there anything you understand only partially ? if you have not be fully orient -- if there be something you do not understand in all of its particular you must file a complaint with personnel ! file a faulty complaint ... and they dock ya ! CUT to : norville stand in front of a shelf of cubbyhole . as we follow he hand draw a 8 X 10 envelope across the line of alphabetize mail slot . the envelope be address to Max kloppitt , Jr . norville ( mutter to himself ) ... bring it down to fif ( ? ) ... fifteen ... sign the voucher , uh , waiver ... cover for Mr. anatole ... he 's a swell guy ... morgatross ... he be on , uh ... he be coasting across the " k " mail slot , finally come to Max kloppitt , sr. his hand move to the next slot , Max kloppitt , Jr. this slot be half the size of all the other . the envelope will not fit in . he frown . he be about to fold the envelope , but notice something stamp in red on its face . do not fold . norville frown . as he stare at the envelope , we see envelope swish across the f.g. , whipping one by one in rapid succession , leave to right . closeup - ancient sorter a old man sit at the adjacent shelf , sorting mail . without ever even look up , with a constant high - speed back and forth flick of he right hand , he be whisk piece of mail one by one out of the pile of mail in he leave hand . ancient sorter' shelf as he letter fly furiously but neatly into they mail slot . norville he raise he voice over the mailroom din : norville say , what do you do when the envelope be too big for the slot ? the ancient sorter consider this as he continue whisk he mail . ancient sorter well ... if ya fold them , they fire ya ... whisk . whisk . whisk . ancient sorter ... I usually throw them out . norville take out a pencil and write on the face of the envelope : insert - letter dear Mr. kloppit , please give this letter to you son . thank you , norville barne . after a moment he add : you friend in the mailroom . back to scene norville ( talk as he write ) just get hire today ! ancient sorter terrific . norville ya know , entry level ! ancient sorter tell I about it . norville I get big idea , though ! ancient sorter I be sure you do . norville for instance , take a look at this sweet baby ... norville be take a envelope from he pocket and hand it to the ancient sorter . norville ... you look like you can keep a secret ... the ancient sorter be pull a rag piece of paper from the envelope . on the paper be a crudely - draw circle . norville ... something I develop myself . yessir , this be my ticket upstairs . the ancient sorter look questioningly from the circle to norville . norville ( explain ) ... you know , for kid ! the ancient sorter nod with feign understanding as norville take the paper back . ancient sorter terrific . norville so ya see , I will not be in the mailroom long . ancient sorter ( deadpan ) nooo , I do not guess you will be . he resume he sorting . norville how long have you be down here ? ancient sorter forty -eight year ... whisk . whisk . ancient sorter ... next year they move I up to parcel ... whisk . whisk . whisk . ancient sorter ... if I be lucky . a bell clang . the public address system sputter to life . public address system ( v.o. ) attention hudsucker employee . we regretfully announce that at 12:01 this afternoon , hudsucker time , waring hudsucker , founder , President , and Chairman of the board of hudsucker industry , merge with the infinite . to mark this occasion of corporate loss , we ask that all employee observe a moment of silent contemplation . all hubbub abruptly stop and the sound of heavy machinery , hissing steam pipe , and generator wind down to leave total silence . after a moment : public address system ( v.o. ) ... thank you for you kind attention . this moment have be duly - note on you time card and will be deduct from you pay . that be all . the machinery groans back into action and the people return to they job just as : a steam whistle screech . alarm bell go off . from the public address system : public address system ( v.o. ) ' Blue letter ! Blue letter ! ' the mail room be throw into pandemonium . various voice Blue letter ...! it 's a blue letter ...! they be bring down a blue letter ! one man spin to face the camera , he hand press over he ear . steam jets and hiss behind he . man Blue letter !! animate for the first time : ancient sorter jumpin ' jehosephat , a blue letter ! mail cart and other paraphernalia be abruptly sweep out of the crowded aisle to form a clear path run down to a elevator in the b.g. with a siren SOUND , a light above the elevator go on . the elevator door sweep open . it reveal a wall into which a four- foot high hinge door be set . this door swing open and a old dwarf emerge : Old man hutchinson , the boss of the mailroom . he emerge from the blind light of the interior of the elevator . he be hold aloft a letter . he take lope drawf stride down the aisle . closeup - letter tracking on letter as hutchinson bear it along . in the b.g. , the face that the letter pass be agog . crosscut the approach blue letter with : norville and the ancient sorter . back to scene the ancient sorter be lean over to whisper into norville 's ear . ancient sorter it 's a blue letter ... top , top level ... confidential communication between the brass ... usually bad news ... they hate blue letter upstairs ... hate them ! norville gulp . hutchinson you ! norville look over he shoulder , but the ancient sorter have disappear . hutchinson ... yeah , you ! barne ! as he point , the people around norville shrink away . hutchinson ... you do not look busy ! think you can handle a blue letter ? ( laugh sadistically ) ... this letter be send down this morning by the big guy himself ! ' at 's right , waring hudsucker ! it 's address to sid mussburger ! hudsucker 's right -hand man ! it 's a blue letter ! that mean you put it right in mussburger 's hand . no secretary ! no receptionist ! no colleague ! no excuse ! dramatic track in on norville . as hutchinson talk , he thrust the blue letter into norville 's face . norville look at it with terrific apprehension . as hutchinson 's speech end , we be tight on norville 's sweat face . complementary tight dutch angle on hutchinson we can see the vein in he eye , the vein in he nose , the hair in he ear . hutchinson mussburger !! CUT to : elevator door rocketing OPEN . we move in on the young elevator operator who leer into camera . he wear a brass -buttone uniform , white glove and a pillbox hat . the name buzz be stitched onto he breast pocket . as norville enter the elevator : buzz hiya , buddy ! the name be buzz , I get the fuzz ... he lift he pillbox hat to reveal a white crewcut , then let the elastic chin strap snap the cap back down onto he head . buzz ... I make the elevator do what she duzz ! he hold out he hand but as norville reach to shake it he snap it away and pat down he crewcut : buzz ... hang it up to dry . he cackle and power the elevator into gear . norville 's knee buckle under a huge upward surge ; buzz be accustom to it . buzz ... what 's you pleasure , buddy ? norville ( regain he balance ) forty -fourth floor , and it 's very -- buzz forty -four , the top brass floor say , buddy ! what take fifty year to get up to the top floor and thirty second to get down ? norville I -- buzz waring hudsucker ! na-ha-ha-ha-ha ! say , buddy ! with a powerful down - shifting SOUND , buzz brake the elevator to a sharp halt . norville continue upward with the inertia , painfully smack he head against a corner of the elevator . buzz open the door and a couple of people enter . buzz Mr. Kline , up to nine . Mrs. dell , personnel . Mr. levin , thirty -seven . mr. levin thirty-six . buzz walk down . lady and gentleman , step to the rear ; here come gargantuan Mr. grier . a obese man enter , smoking a cigar : fat man buzz . buzz have already throw the door shut and send the elevator into its power-rise . norville , brace himself now , sink only a little under the g-force . buzz say , buddy ! who 's the most liquid businessman on the street ? norville well , I -- buzz waring hudsucker ! na-ha-ha-ha-ha ! say , buddy ! when be the sidewalk fully dress ? when it 's ' wear ' hudsucker ! na-ha-ha-ha ! he turn to look at norville . buzz ... ya get it , buddy , it 's a pun , it 's a knee -slapper , it 's a play on Jesus , Joseph and Mary , be that a blue letter ?! all head in the elevator turn , aghast , to look , and that near norville shrink away . buzz ... cripe a'mighty , why not ya tell a guy ?! hold on , folk , we be express to the top floor ! the elevator scream into overdrive and we : CUT to : elevator door sweep open . norville stagger out . buzz ( hiss ) good luck , buddy ! the door sweep shut . norville look nervously around . behind he the elevator door suddenly open again . buzz -- you will need it ! the elevator door slam shut and we hear its engine scream as it power-dive away . norville turn toward the executive office . plush , thick - carpete silence . norville start walk . a scraping SOUND stand out in the high - power executive quiet . norville look to one side . a workman in painter 's overall squat in front of a pair of heavy oak door . with a razor blade he be scraping off the name " waring hudsucker . " norville ... Mr. mussburger 's office ? the scraper look sullenly over he shoulder at norville . with a jerk of he thumb he indicate the direction . norville enter the adjacent office . outer office two secretary be in mussburger 's outer reception office . the first be a filing secretary who stand freeze in the f.g. , she hand poise over a open drawer to deposit a folder , as she stare at norville with a amused and supercilious sneer which stay paste on throughout . the second secretary -- the receptionist -- be seat behind a desk in the b.g. that flank the door to mussburger 's private office . the receptionist sit with she hand clasped on the desk , stare at norville with the hunch - shoulder down - from-under look of a patient vulture . receptionist do you have a appointment ? norville uhh , no , I -- the filing secretary sneer . receptionist shall we look in the book , hmmmmmmmmm ? she open a enormous leather - bound book with yellow crinkly page . norville no , mar 'am , ya see , I would not be in the -- receptionist we do not seem to be in the boooook . norville be grop in he apron pocket . norville no , mar 'am , ya see I do not have a -- receptionist if we have a appointment we would be in the booook . norville I know but ya see I have this -- here it be , this letter -- a low , unearthly wail fill the room , the sound of a million soul moan in purgatory . the receptionist look up . fast track in on sneering file secretary who be no longer sneering . her mouth be stretch wide as she wail and she finger point ... fast track in on blue letter that norville hold innocently at he side . back to track in on wailing secretary as she wail become deafen and we track into she mouth and the screen goe black and : click the blackness and the wail be both cut short by the sound of a door open . we be : int . mussburger's office its door swinging open to admit norville . in the b.g. , in the outer office , we can see the filing secretary lean back motionless in a chair with a damp rag drape across she forehead . the receptionist be fan she with a towel . the door close behind norville . we hear a rhythmic click - click -click and the hum of ventilation . norville's Pov across mile of carpet be a huge executive desk , behind which be a large executive chair face the window . from above the back of the chair cigar smoke wreathes up . a telephone cord snake around to the man sit in the chair , hide from we . on the desktop be a perpetual motion machine of large swinging ball bearing . click -click-click . a tickertape machine occasionally burp information in the far corner of the office . a huge mechanical arm -- the sweep second hand of the hudsucker clock on the facade of the building -- rumble by immediately outside the window , describe a arc that throw a move shadow across the office . his back to we , into the phone : mussburger -- sure sure , parkinson 's stupid but he 's ambitious , too hard to control ... he swivel around to face norville , who stand deferentially at the door . still listen at the phone , mussburger wave norville forward . mussburger ... no! not mcclanahan ; sure he bungle the teleyard merger , but that mean he 's get something to prove ... he cover the mouth piece . mussburger ... who let you in ? norville I -- into the phone : mussburger atwater ? tremendous . except I fire he last week -- the intercom buzy fiercely . voice ( v.o. ) Mr. bumstead be wait downstairs . mussburger hit the intercom . mussburger tell he I will be right there ... ( look at norville ) well , what be it ? norville I -- but mussburger be listen to the tinny voice issue from the phone . mussburger you , maybe you be the company 's biggest moron . we can not use Morris , he 's be with we too long , he 's a nice guy , too many friend . matter of fact , why do not you fire he . no -- scratch that ; I will fire he . ( look up at norville ) ... make it fast , make it fast . norville you -- the intercom squawks . voice ( v.o. ) Mr. bumstead be get very -- mussburger I will be right there . give he a magazine . ( to norville ) ... what be you , a mute ? the second phone on mussburger 's desk ring . mussburger ... yeah , how 's the stock do ? ... bad , huh ? well it 's not bad enough . ( into the first phone ) ... look , chump , either you find I a grade a ding -dong or you can tender you key to the executive washroom . ( into the second phone ) and that go double for you . ( into the first phone ) ear-clay ? ( into both phone ) ood-gay ! ( slam down both phone , look at norville ) this better be good . I be in a bad mood . norville clear he throat . norville well , sir . I have get something for you from the mailroom , but first if I could just take a minute or so from you very busy time ... he reach into he mailroom apron and hand a scrap of paper across the desk to mussburger , who stare , freeze , at norville , make no move to take the paper . norville ...to show you a , uh ... norville , undaunted , hold up the paper since mussburger will not take it . mussburger do not even look at it ; he eye be lock on norville 's . mussburger smolder . norville ... a little something I have be work on for the last two or three year ... mussburger 's burn eye finally shift momentarily to look at the crudely draw circle ; he look back incredulously at norville . norville ... you know , for kid ! which be perfect for hudsucker -- not that I claim to be any great genius ; like they say , inspiration be 99 percent perspiration , and in my case I would say it 's at least twice that , but I gotta tell ya , Mr. mussburger , sir , this sweet baby -- mussburger wait a minute ! sudden quiet . with one last click the perpetual motion ball bearing abruptly stop . as mussburger 's eye burn in on he , norville stand mute and paralyze . his eye lock on norville 's , mussburger circle the desk . he stand toe- to - toe with norville . he thrust he face into norville 's , whose head move reflexively back . mussburger 's nose be almost touch norville 's , he eye be burn , search , study , evaluate . finally he draw he head back . mussburger hmmm ... with one hand he thrust he cigar into norville 's gape mouth . with he other hand he raise norville 's chin so that he tooth clench it . mussburger umm-hmm ... he step back , eye still on norville . he jerk he thumb over he shoulder , indicate he chair behind the desk . mussburger siddown . norville , he lip pucker around the unaccustom ciger , look bemusedly from the chair to mussburger . mussburger ... go ahead . try it on . norville obey , reluctantly , stiffly . mussburger ... put you foot up . norville be again reluctant . mussburger ... go ahead . norville obey . mussburger study . mussburger hmmmm ... let 's get to know one another , shall we ? norville 's eye squint against the cigar smoke wreathing from between he tooth . mussburger seem to relax . mussburger ... let 's chat ! ( beam ) ... man to man ! norville beam . mussburger ... you be not bless with much ... he wave vaguely towards he head and search for a euphemism . mussburger ... education , be you ? norville well , I be a college graduate -- mussburger all right , but you do not excel in you study ...? norville well , I make the dean 's list . mussburger ( worried ) hmmm . norville sputter out some more cigar smoke . norville at the muncie College of Business administration . mussburger ( relieved ) sure , sure . and do you classmate there call you ' jerk ' or ... ( search again ) ...' schmoe ' ? norville shake he head . mussburger ...' shnook ' ? ' dope '? ' dipstick ' ? ' lamebrain ' ? norville no , sir . mussburger not even behind you back ? norville Sir ! they vote I most likely to succeed ! mussburger ( curtly ) you be fire . norville but , sir ! -- mussburger get you foot off that desk . as he struggle to comply : norville but -- mussburger get out of my sight . norville , squinting against the cigar smoke , pull the cigar out of he mouth as he double forward , foot still up , grop for a place to set down the cigar . he set it blindly on a loose stack of papers . mussburger my God ! the bumstead contract !! norville oh my God , sir ! the top page radiate a circle of incipient flame from the cigar 's live end . mussburger you nitwit ! I work for three year on this deal ! norville oh my God , sir ! norville run across the office to a large water cooler . mussburger I will take care of it . just get out ! mussburger pluck the cigar off the contract and toss it into a wastebasket . he pat the fingertip of one hand against he tongue and then efficiently pat out the crinkling orange circle on the top sheet of the contract . at the other end of the office , norville be wrapping he arm around the glass water tank , which he pull off its base . he run back across the vast expanse of office toward the desk , hugging the water tank whose water gloob -gloobs out its open bottom and splashes down onto he pump knee . as he reach the desk , the near-empty tank be now light enough for he to hoist with one arm , which he do , and cup he other hand under it to catch its last glub of water . he toss the tank to the floor where -- crash -- it shatter , and stand look about for a place to dump he handful of water . mussburger why you nitwit . you almost destroy the most sensitive deal of my career ! norville oh my God , sir ! he be reacting to the wastebasket on he side of the desk , which mussburger can not see . it be sprout flame , at which norville ineffectually fleck he remain drop of water . mussburger now out of here ! out ! norville be already run to the window , which he run both palm over , desperately seek a way to open it . mussburger not that way ! through the door ! norville but , sir ! the window do not open . norville furiously stomp on the flame in the wastebasket and -- he foot stick . further stomping only make the flame wastebasket roar up and down with he foot . mussburger right away , buster ! out of my office ! norville have drop to the floor , try to wrench the flame wastebasket off he leg . mussburger up on you foot ! we do not crawl at hudsucker industry ! norville Sir , my leg be on fire ! norville finally succeed in get the flame wastebasket off he foot . now the problem be what to do with it . mussburger get out of this office , you dithering nincompoop ! norville pick up the flame trash receptacle . norville oh my God , sir ! he wind up and throw it through the close window . the glass shatter and the flame basket plummet to oblivion . with the picture window break a ferocious draft roar through the penthouse office . close shot - bumstead contract on the desk . the page be suck away by the draft . mussburger my God ! the bumstead contract ! norville oh my God , sir ! mussburger lunge for the contract as they be suck out the window . he run , jump onto the sill , grab -- he fist clenches around one wafting page -- he be about to fall -- mussburger eeeeeeaaaahhhhh ! CUT to : int . executive waiting room bumstead , a short , fat , heavily perspire executive , be scream at a o.s. secretary . he hold a pot of coffee in one hand and a copy of Boy 's life in the other . bumstead no magazine . no coffee . mussburger ! I wanna see mussburger ! or do he jump out a window too ?! in the window behind he we see loose sheet of paper flutter down . CUT to : norville desperately hang onto mussburger by he leg . norville do not worry , Mr. mussburger ! I gotcha . I gotcha by you pants ! mussburger 's scream abruptly stop . closeup - mussburger's horror -stricken face remembering ( the screen goe watery ) : mussburger be in a basement tailor shop . luigi , a old italian tailor , be just run he tape up mussburger 's inseam . luigi meester moosaburger , I give - a you pants a nice - a dooble stitch . make them strong , and they look - a real sharp . mussburger ( bark ) no ! single stitch be fine . luigi ( begging ) but please -a , meester moosaburger , the dooble stitch she last - a forever -- mussburger why on earth would I need a double stitch ? to pad you bill ? single stitch be fine ! CUT back to : closeup of panicked mussburger mussburger damn ! we hear a loud tearing sound o.s. mussburger drop a few inch . quick wipe to : luigi at he sewing machine luigi ( muse to himself ) what the heck . meester moosaburger such a nice - a guy , I give he dooble steech - a anyway . assa some - a strong - a steech - a , you bet ! back to mussburger's pant the tear fabric abruptly catch and stop ; the rest of the pants hold intact . mussburger sigh with relief . he look up . norville norville 's arm be wrap around mussburger 's ankle ; the heel of mussburger 's shoe be digging into he face . mussburger look . think . norville struggle to hold on . mussburger calm . contemplate . mussburger hmmm ... he absently remove a cigar from he breast pocket and stick it in he mouth . he hold he lighter under the cigar , not notice that the flame be point the wrong way . he look at norville . norville his face draw with effort , still struggle to hang on . a pull back from the extreme close shot reveal , however , that norville 's arm be now wrap around -- emptiness . mussburger 's leg be go . norville throw he head back and laugh , it seem , insanely -- but continued pull back reveal that norville be merely pantomime the adventure for the benefit of the board member , include mussburger . they stand around mussburger 's office , laugh gaily . all safe now , no harm do . this inaugurate : laughing montage montage silent but for music . a ) norville be entertaining the board with he depiction of the near-disaster . mussburger be slapping he merrily on the back . B ) close shot - board member laugh . C ) another board member . laugh . D ) mussburger . laugh . E ) norville laugh . F ) freeze frame on norville 's laugh face . angle pull back to reveal that the freeze picture be the newspaper photo on the front page of the Manhattan argus . its headline read : untried youth to helm hudsucker . the subhead read : stockholder wary . the sub-subhead read : meteoric rise from mailroom . the article be under the byline of Amy archer . continued pull back reveal that we be look at the newspaper over someone 's shoulder . the person swivel around and away -- he face now to we , we see that it be norville look at the newspaper . he throw he head back and laugh merrily . as he laugh -- thwock -- a steaming towel be throw onto he face and he continue to swivel . continued pull back reveal that he be in a barber chair . his head drop back and out of frame as the swiveling chair be cranke down , but immediately -- still spin -- -- he head reappear as the chair be cranke up again . still laugh , norville be now freshly shaven and have a slicked - back haircut , heavy with pomade . freeze on norville 's laugh face . angle pull back to reveal it be another front page photo next to the headline : hud board to Street : give man from muncie a chance . subhead : have Fresh idea . continued pull back reveal that the paper be lie on a chair . norville 's mailroom apron be toss onto the chair to cover it . pan to where the apron be toss from . norville stand on a tailor 's stage , laugh , as the tailor , also laugh , take he measurement . norville in shirtsleeve , boxer short , hose stocking and garter . the tailor rise , laugh merrily , throw up he arm and spread they wide with hand stretch the measure tape . norville laugh merrily and also throw he arm up wide . board member laugh merrily , he arm throw wide , tickertape stretch between he hand . he joyously toss away the tickertape . floor where the tickertape land on a pile of previously discharge tape . pan up to reveal that the tickertape continue to burp its disastrous tale of good news for the board . pan up further to reveal that the machine be in mussburger 's office . at the far end of the room , behind he desk , mussburger laugh as he look at a newspaper . track in toward he . on he desk the perpetual ballbearings swing ; outside he window the sweep second hand of the hudsucker clock rumble by , sweeping a shadow across the floor . evil prevail . as mussburger open the newspaper , the continued track in show its front page headline : hud stock dip . subhead : just good be he ? track in on the front page photo : norville laugh , he chin propped in he hand . photograph come to life and norville unfreeze , laugh . we be now tracking back from he . he sit behind a huge oak desk , newly coif and tailore . the brass plaque on the desk confirm that he be in the office of the president . track back continue through the large elegant office , leave norville look quite small in long shot . his laughter echoes in the bright bare office . norville 's laughter be just wind down , leave he exhaust , as if he have be laugh nonstop for several day . he finally sigh and wipe a tear from he eye . fade out : fade in : new york skyline - day in the skyline we can see the hudsucker building top by the hudsucker clock . a cigar enter frame in the f.g. , then the face of the man smoking it . stare contemplatively at the hudsucker building , he take a puff from the cigar and then pluck it from he mouth and wave it , as if painting a headline . editor ' the Einstein of Enterprise . ' ' the Edison of Industry . ' ' the billion - dollar cranium ' ... ' idea man ' ! ( explode ) and not one of you mug have give I a story on he !! reverse show the editor glass - in office fill with reporter for the staff meeting . although they listen quietly , they be more bored than attentive . through the glass wall we can see the furious activity of a army of reporter , editor , and copy boy wage the never - end battle to put out a quality daily newspaper . the editor slam a newspaper down onto he desk in disgust . editor fact , figure , chart ! they never sell a newspaper ! I read this morning 's edition of the argus and let I tell you something : I would wrap a fish in it ! I would use it as kindling ! Hell , I would even train my poodle with it if he be not a french poodle and more partial to the page of paree soir ! but I sure would not shell out a hard - earn nickel to read the dadblame thing ! reporter come on , chief , give we a break . editor suuuure , tibbs , take a break ! go to Florida ! lie in the sun ! wait for a coconut to drop , file a story on it -- it will be more of a grabber than you piece on the commie grain surplus ! the human angle ! that 's what sell papers ! we need a front page with heart and the whole idea of the ' idea man ' idea can put it there ! reporter # 2 Chief , if we have more access -- editor yeah , and if a frog have wing he would not bump he ass a-hoppin ' ! I do not want excuse , I want result ! whack ! -- without even look in its direction , the editor have slam down the lid of the cigar box on he desk , towards which one reporter 's hand have be idly reach . the reporter jerk he finger away as the editor spare the briefest moment to glare at he . editor I wanna know what make the idea man tick ! where be he from ? where be he go ? I wanna know everything about this guy ! have he get a girl ? have he get parent ? reporter # 3 everybody have parent . editor all right , how many ? how ' bout it , parkinson , you have be awful quiet over there . parkinson uhhh ... reporter next to he still water run deep , chief . editor the only thing that run deep with parkinson be the hole in he ear . yes , the idea man ! what be he hope and dream , he desire and aspiration ? do he think all the time or do he set aside a certain portion of the day ? how tall be he and what 's he shoe size ? where do he sleep and what do he eat for breakfast ? do he put jam on he toast or do not he put jam on he toast , and if not why not and since when ? he thrust he face into that of the reporter . editor ... well ?!! no answer . editor ... ahh , you be useless . yes , idea man ! creator ! innovator ! cerebrator ! tycoon !-- woman ( o.s. ) Fake . editor huhh !! woman Star reporter amy archer -- attractive , smartly - dress . amy I tell ya the guy 's a phony . editor phony , huh ? amy as a three - dollar bill . editor sez who ? amy sez I ! Amy archer . why be he a idea man -- because hudsucker say he be ? what be he idea ? why will not they let anyone interview he ?... one reporter be lean into another to keep he voice low : reporter five buck say she mention she pulitzer . other reporter again ? you be on . amy ( as she pick up the morning paper ) ... and just take a look at the mug on this guy -- the jutting eyebrow , the simian forehead , the idiotic grin . why he have a face only a mother could love -- whack ! the editor have slam down the cigar box lid again but : Amy , smile , raise a cigar into frame have beat he . she toss it to the reporter who fail to get one . amy ... on payday ! the only story here be how this guy make a monkey out of you , Al . editor yeah , well , monkey or not I be still editor of this rag . Amy , I think you be do that piece on the f.b.i . -- J. Edgar Hoover : when will he marry ? amy I file it yesterday . editor well , do a follow - up : Hoover : hero or mama 's Boy ? the rest of you bum get up off you brain and get I that idea man story ! reporter all right , chief ... we will do we best , chief ... I will give it a shot , chief ... amy ( at the door ) Al , he 's the bunk . slam ! one of the wagering Reporters grin at the other , who be take out a five dollar bill . the door burst open and Amy stick she head in . amy I will stake my pulitzer on it ! CUT to : elevator door sweep open to reveal the leer face of buzz , the elevator gnat . buzz say , buddy ! where would ya get the new dud ? norville be enter the elevator in he new executive outfit . buzz ... and say , buddy ! how would old bucketbutt like he blue letter ? na-ha-ha-ha-ha ! do he bust a gut ? do he die ? do he -- well , hello , Mr. mussburger , sir ... buzz be instant decorum as mussburger enter the elevator . buzz ... how be you this fine morning , sir ? norville have be worriedly patting at he pocket since the mention of the blue letter . norville that remind I , Mr. mu ... uh , sid . I never do give you that -- mussburger ( to buzz ) lobby . we have not get all day . buzz right away , Mr. mussburger sir . as he talk , mussburger pat at he suit pocket , take out a cigar , inspect it . mussburger well I be starve . I understand it will be quite a affair this afternoon , and the executive roast tom turkey at the bohemian Grove redefine the word superb . he put the cigar in he mouth and buzz 's hand be right there with a lighter . buzz my pleasure , sir . norville roast tom turkey . gee , I be hungry too -- mussburger sure , sure ... the elevator door open . buzz it 's be a pleasure serve you , Mr. mussburger . buzz turn to norville . he be puzzle but try to hide it : buzz ... and it 's be a pleasure serve you too , uh ... buddy . mr. mussburger be already stride through the lobby ; norville have to lope to catch up . norville say , Mr. muss -- uh , sid ! should not we be a little bit concerned with the downward spiral of we stock this last few day ? I mean , you be the expert , but at the muncie College of Business administration they tell we -- mussburger give a artificially hearty laugh and clap norville on the shoulder . mussburger relax , norville . it 's only natural in a period of transition for the more nervous element to run for cover . norville okay , sid . like I say , you be the expert , but -- ext . sidewalk norville be still lope behind mussburger , try to keep up with he long stride . norville ... you do not happen to remember the plan I outline to you the day I set fire to you off -- uh , the day I be promote ? mussburger I do remember and I be impressed . anyway , that 's all forget now . Driver ! norville thank you , sid , but the reason I mention it be , it would require such a small capital investment -- again , you be the expert here -- mussburger damnit , where 's my car ! norville -- but there 's such a enormous potential profit-wise give the demographics -- baby boom -- discretionary income in the burgeon middle class -- a black limousine pull up to the curb . mussburger finally . norville -- so if you think it 's appropriate , I would like to bounce the idea off a few people at lunch -- mussburger be get into the back seat -- mussburger sure , sure , tell whoever you want ... and , to norville 's surprise , slamm the door shut behind he . mussburger ... and I would like to hear more about it at some point , too . screeeech -- the car pull away . norville be leave talk to himself on the empty sidewalk . norville but , sid , I think you and I be ... doorman say , bud , could you keep the sidewalk clear here ? norville but I be the president of this -- aww , forget it . CUT to : int . coffee shop a cheap coffee shop a half - flight down from the street . we be looking across a elbow of the coffee shop counter . in the middle b.g. , norville sit dejectedly stir a cup of coffee . behind he , through the window well , we see the back and forth foot of pedestrian bustling by on the sidewalk . in the extreme f.g. sit two steaming mug of coffee . they belong to two veteran of the coffee shop , who , from o.s. , narrate the scene . veteran # 1 ( o.s. ) I get gas , bennie . veteran # 2 ( o.s. ) yeah , tell I about it . veteran # 1 ( o.s. ) no kiddin ' , bennie . I get gas . veteran # 2 ( o.s. ) ya get the special ? veteran # 1 ( o.s. ) fah from it ... he give a low whistle under he breath as a woman enter from the street and hesitates by the door , look around . still attractive but look somewhat down - at- the-heel , it be Amy archer . veteran # 1 ( o.s. ) ... enter the dame . veteran # 2 ( o.s. ) there 's one in every story . veteran # 1 ( o.s. ) ten buck say she 's look for a handout . veteran # 2 ( o.s. ) twenty buck say not here she do not find one . veteran # 1 ( o.s. ) she 's look for she mark . the woman 's eye settle on norville , and she head for the empty stool next to he . veteran # 2 ( o.s. ) she find he . veteran # 1 ( o.s. ) she sit down . the woman say something to the counter waitress , who exit . veteran # 2 ( o.s. ) ... and awduh a light lunch . veteran # 1 ( o.s. ) she look in she purse ... she be hold she wallet upside down . veteran # 2 ( o.s. ) ... no money . veteran # 1 ( o.s. ) the mark notice . beat . norville , however , be not notice : he be stare intently at he coffee spoon , he hat push back on he head , he other hand prop up a cheekbone ; the woman 's presence do not seem to have register yet . veteran # 2 ( o.s. ) ... he 's not notice , benny . veteran # 1 ( o.s. ) maybe he 's wise . veteran # 2 ( o.s. ) he do not look wise . veteran # 1 ( o.s. ) plan two : here come the waterwork . the woman start cry . veteran # 2 ( o.s. ) Yellowstone . veteran # 1 ( o.s. ) Old faithful . veteran # 2 ( o.s. ) hello , Niagara . veteran # 1 ( o.s. ) he notice . as the woman cry , she accidentally - on - purpose jostle norville and he finally do indeed notice . veteran # 2 ( o.s. ) he 's concerned . the woman mouth word at norville who react sympathetically and wave he hand at the waitress . veteran # 1 ( o.s. ) she explain she perdicament , and ... veteran # 1 &amp ; # 2 ( o.s. ) ( in unison ) ... entuh the light lunch . the waitress be enter to set a plate in front of the woman . the woman continue to talk to norville , smile wanly at he . veteran # 2 ( o.s. ) she 's get other problem , of course ... veteran # 1 ( o.s. ) ... her mother need a operation ... veteran # 2 ( o.s. ) ... adenoid . veteran # 1 ( o.s. ) no , bennie : lumbago . veteran # 1 's enunciation of " lumbago " fall into perfect sync with the woman 's move lip . norville be listen sympathetically , but he suddenly notice he watch . veteran # 1 ( o.s. ) ( alarmed ) she 's lose he , bennie . norville be rise to he foot . veteran # 2 ( o.s. ) maybe he 's wise . veteran # 1 ( o.s. ) he do not look wise . as norville turn to leave : veteran # 2 ( o.s. ) how do she pull this out ? she put the back of she hand dramatically to she forehead . veteran # 1 ( o.s. ) ( disbely ) she be not ! veteran # 2 ( o.s. ) ( thrilled ) she be ! and indeed she do : faint dead away , fall backwards on the stool , so that norville have no choice but to catch she . norville hold she awkwardly , look around for help . veteran # 1 ( o.s. ) she 's good , bennie . veteran # 2 ( o.s. ) she 's damn good , Lou . a waitress enter extreme f.g. to block our view of the swoon woman and the embarrassed norville . the waitress be facing the camera and the two o.s. Veteran ; the cropping give we only she torso and the steaming pot of coffee she hold . waitress ( bored , nasal voice ) can I get you boy anything else ? reverse angle back of the waitress 's torso in f.g. ; on either side beyond she , the two Veteran be look up at she o.s. face . they sport extremely bored expression , top by " cabbie " cap . veteran # 1 bromo . beat . veteran # 2 ... bromo . int . norville's office look at its frost - glass door ; the sign painter be just finish lettering in : norville barne , President . the sign painter make way as we see norville 's shadow approach ; even from inside the room we can hear that he be wheeze heavily . he be apparently carry the girl , cradle in he arm . he try to reach down to get the doorknob ; can not manage it ; turn to press he back against the door and get the knob with he other hand . the door open as norville swing around to enter . he be wheeze like a gas pipe about to explode . he swing around to kick the door shut . we see that the lettering on the door be now terribly smudge ; we also see , in wet ink , on the seat of norville 's pants : senraB ellivron tnediserp . weakly , still cradle in norville 's arm : amy I be sorry we have to take the stair . it be just that horrible little elevator boy ... norville not at all . you be light as a feather . amy ( point languorously ) the couch , please . still wheeze horribly , norville stagger over to the couch and deposit she gently on it . he straighten up and look at she . norville's Pov she be smile wanly at the camera . the entire image pulsate as the blood pound behind norville 's eyeball . we hear the loud , rasping of he breath , resonate inside he head . Amy be talk but she voice be barely audible , as if come from a long way away . back to scene norville just a minute . he perches drunkenly on the edge of the couch and put he head between he knee , still fight for breath . amy I do not know what come over I . I suppose it be the shock of eat after so long without ; the enzyme kick in after so long , or whatever . but then you could not possibly know what it be to be tired and hungry ... speak into he knee as he wheeze : norville hungry , anyway . amy I do not want to bore you with all the sordid detail of my life ; it 's not a happy story ... norville rise and start put throw pillow behind she head . amy ... suffice it to say that I be jobless -- though not for want of try , that I be friendless , with no one to -- thank you -- take care of I ; and that have you not come along at just exactly the moment that you do -- she scream , stare down at the couch . norville jump , startle , then look where she be look . on the white sofa cushion where he have be sit be print , in wet ink , right side around : norville barne , President . amy norville , I do not know you be president here ! norville stare dumbfounded at the sofa cushion . when the nickel finally drop , he spin around to try to look at the seat of he pants . distract but still modest : norville oh , it 's nothing really . just determination and hard work ... he unbuckle he trousers . norville ... of course , when I start in the mailroom last Tuesday I think it might take more time -- buzz enter hold a brown paper bag . buzz say , buddy , here 's the whiskey you ask for -- he freeze , take in the scene : Amy recline on the couch ; norville stand in front of she with he pants around he ankle , still breathe heavily ; the bottle of whiskey in he own hand . norville ( flustered ) thank you , buzz , just leave it on the desk . leer : buzz happy day , buddy ... as he turn to leave : buzz ... and I will tell you secretary you be not to be disturb . yowzuh !! he snap the elastic strap under he chin . after the door shut behind buzz : amy ( shudder ) what a horrible little person . norville oh , buzz be pretty harmless , really -- amy at any rate I arrive in town not ten day ago , full of dream and aspiration , anxious to make my way in the world -- norville pour a glass of whiskey and bring it over to she . amy a little naive perhaps but -- thank you -- armed with determination , a solid work ethic , and a indomitable belief in the future -- norville I myself -- he cross back to the desk . amy only to have that belief , that unsully optimism , dash against the marble and mortar of the modern work place -- norville take a cigarette from a large wood cigarette box on the desk and stick it in he mouth . norville cigarette ? amy no thank you . seek and ye shall find , work and ye shall prosper -- this be the watch word of my education , the ethic of my tender year -- over norville's shoulder he have be push the box towards she . the box tilt lazily forward and then disappear over the far lip of the desk . we hear the thud of the BOX landing amid the pitter - patter of cigarettes raining onto the carpet . Amy 's brow crinkle . continue : amy -- this be the value that be instill in I while I be grow up in a little town you have probably never hear of -- norville mind if I join you ? he be pour himself a drink . amy be my guest . a little town you have probably -- he toss back he drink , gag , look at Amy with he eye bulg . he Pov once again she image pulsate . there be a roaring SOUND and a airy steam whistle as she silently move she lip . norville he wave he arm and talk with a thick rasp as he stagger to he foot . norville Excuse I -- I -- executive washroom ... he stagger out a side door . on he exit Amy leap to she foot and scurries over to he desk . at the top of she voice : amy be you all right ?... she throw open the top desk drawer . Inside two lonely lead pencil roll through the otherwise empty drawer . Amy expertly flip a cigarette into she mouth and strike a match off the desktop . amy ... be it you lunch ? the chicken a la king ? from the washroom : norville ( o.s. ) no , I -- Amy throw open another drawer , empty except for a appointment book . as she hurriedly flip through page after blank page a arctic wind whistle emptiness . one page only have a notation : 11:45 . address wilkie Grammar School junior achiever Club . amy be the a la king repeat on you ? Amy shove the appointment book back into the drawer . norville ( o.s. ) ... I be fine , I ... you be say ? she mutter : amy value ... watchword ... uh , tender year ... ( aloud ) -- a little town you have probably never hear of ... she hastily stub out she cigarette and wave she hand to disperse the smoke . amy ... muncie , Indiana . she scurries back across the room as we hear the faucet be turned off : she re-strike she languid pose on the couch just as the washroom door open . norville gape , one hand press a drip rag to he forehead . norville you be from muncie ?! amy why yes , do you know it ? norville start make pump motion with he fist and loud syncopate grunt noise . Amy gape at he . he start sing , off - key : norville ' fight on fight on dear old muncie fight on -- hoist the gold and blue you will be tatter , tear and hurtin' once ' the munce ' be do with you ! ' Amy lamely fake sing along , come in louder on the last , obvious rhyme . norville jump a octave on it ; she quickly follow sit , also pump she fist . as norville cross he hand and lock thumb in front of he nose to make bird wing of he extend finger : norville ... goooooooo eagle ! Amy awkwardly imitate . norville excitedly sit behind he desk . norville ... a muncie girl ! talk about the cat 's pyjamas ! tell you what , Amy . I be gonna cancel the rest of my appointment this afternoon and get you a job here at the hud . amy oh , no , really , I -- norville do not bother to thank I , it 's the easiest thing in the world . matter of fact , I know where a vacancy just come up . he hit the intercom . norville ... mail room . to Amy : norville ... this will only take a moment . intercom ( v.o. ) yeah ? norville good afternoon to ya , this be norville barne -- intercom ( v.o. ) barne ! where the hell have you be ! and where 's my voucher ?! norville thump at he pocket . norville ... well , I be not sure where I -- intercom ( v.o. ) I need that voucher ! I tell you a week ago it be important ! norville but look , I be president of the company now and I -- intercom ( v.o. ) I do not care if you be president of the company ! I need that voucher ! now ! click . the intercom go dead . norville oh , of all the foolish ... listen , do you take shorthand ? be you familiar with the mimeograph machine ? amy of course -- I go to the muncie , uh , secretarial polytechnic ! norville excitedly smack a fist into a palm . norville -- a muncie girl ! can you beat that ! amy well , I just do not know how to thank you , Mr. barne -- norville please ! norville ! as he reach to shake : norville ... it 's my pleasure ! she reach for he hand but norville snatch it away and , winking at she , hook thumb in front of he nose and make wing of he finger . norville ... gooooooo eagle ! amy likewise hook she thumb in front of she nose , make wing , and , winking back : amy gooooooooo eagle ! but we pull back to reveal that the girl be now in a newspaper office , demonstrate the fight sign to smitty , a reporter wear a fedora with a bent-back brim . smitty howl with laughter . smitty ( wheeze ) ... once ' the munce ' ... Holy ... Amy sit down behind a typewriter and , as she start type at 80 word per minute : amy and be this guy from chumpsville ?! I pull the old mother routine -- smitty adenoid ? amy lumbago . behind she a ancient man wear a inksman 's visor and sleeve garter toil over a large checkerboarded surface over which he shuffles letter block and black space . smitty give a low whistle . smitty that gag 's get whisker on it ! the phone ring and smitty reach for it . amy I be tell you , smitty , the board of hudsucker be up to something -- smitty ( into phone ) yeah . ancient puzzler say , Amy , what 's a six - letter word for a affliction of the hypothalmus ? without a break in she type : amy -- and it 's a cinch -- goiter -- it 's a cinch this guy be not in on it . how much time to make the late final ? smitty hold the phone away from he ear . smitty Chief . still type , Amy whistle and nod to she shoulder . smitty tuck the phone into it as she continue type . amy hiya , Chief , just the person I want to apologize to ... smitty be look at he watch . smitty about seven minute . amy ( still type ) yeah , I be all wet about you idea man ... well , thanks for be so generous ... it be human , and you be divine ... no , he 's no faker . he 's the 100 % real mccoy beware - of - imitation genuine article : the guy be a real moron -- to the ancient puzzler : amy -- as in a five - letter word for imbecile -- back into phone : amy -- as pure a specimen as I have ever run across ... be I sure he 's a nitwit ? heck , if work at the argus do not make I a expert then my name be not Amy archer and I have never win the pulitzer Prize ... her eye narrow . amy ... in 1957 ... my series on the reunite triplet -- come on down here , hammerhead , and I will show it to ya ... ancient puzzler Amy , what 's a three - letter word for a flightless bird ? amy not now , Morris , I be busy -- that 's right , I say hammerhead , as in a ten-letter word for a smug bully self - important newspaperman -- to Morris : amy -- gnu -- into phone : amy -- who could not find -- to Morris : amy -- that 's g-n-u -- into phone : amy -- could not find the Empire State Building with a compass , a road map and a native guide . to Morris : amy -- or emu . she slam down the phone . to smitty : amy ... and that 's just the potato , smitty , here come the gravy : the chump really like I . a muncie girl ! smitty burst out laugh . smitty better off fall for a rattlesnake . as she continue to type : amy I be tellin ' ya , this guy 's just the patsy and I be gonna find out what for . there 's a real story , smitty , some kind of plot , a setup , a cabal , a -- oh , and say , do I tell ya ?! smitty he do not offer you money . amy a sawbuck ! smitty ten dollar ? let 's grab a highball ! amy on norville barne ! she rip the page out of the typewriter , swivel in she chair to face camera as we track in close and she holler : amy ... copy ! dissolve through to : presses roll , churn out great quantity of newsprint . paper pile up one on top of the other , very many , very quickly . delivery man throw a bale stack of papers off the back of he truck . bale paper roll into the f.g. a hand enter frame to snip its wire and wipe off the top paper . paper boy wear a apron and a little paper boy cap , mouth " extra ! extra ! " as he hold one of the papers aloft . pan up he arm to the newspaper and , beyond it , the tower hudsucker Building . all of the above -- dissolving with : newspaper spin toward the camera and stopping full frame . its headline , over a picture of norville smile , be " imbecile head hudsucker . " the subheadline : " not a Brain in he head . " another angle - newspaper be angrily slam down to reveal that norville have be read the inside . his face twist with fury , he lean forward and hit the intercom . norville miss Smith , can you come in please to take a letter ... muttering to himself : norville ...of all the cockamamie ... Amy be bustling in hold a steno pad and a pencil . as she seat herself in front of he desk , he rise to pace behind it . norville ... do you happen to see the front page of today 's Manhattan argus ? amy well , I ... do not bother to read the article . I do not think the picture do you justice . norville the picture be fine ! it 's what that knuckle - head dame write underneath ! of all the irresponsible ... Amy , take this down : dear miss archer . I call you ' miss ' because you seem to have ' miss ' the boat completely on this one ! how on earth would you know whether I be a imbecile when you do not even have the gut to come in here and interview I man to man ! no , change ' gut ' to ' courage . ' no , make it ' common decency . ' this wild speculation about my intelligence -- amy -- or lack thereof ? norville ( nodd ) -- this preposterous invention , would be better suite to the page of amazing tale Magazine . if the editor of the Manhattan argus see fit to publish the ranting of a disorder mind , perhaps they will see fit to publish this letter ! but I doubt it . I most seriously doubt it . as I doubt also that you could find a home at amazing tale , a periodical which I have enjoy for many year . your sincerely , et cetera . he drift into think . amy be that all , Mr. barne ? norville ... well , you know I , Amy , at least better than that that dame do . do you think I be a imbecile ? amy I be sure I -- norville go on , tell the truth ; I trust you and I put a lot of stock in you opinion . amy well , I -- norville oh sure , you be biased -- you be a fellow muncian . but would a imbecile come up with this ? he whip the cover sheet off a display pad rest on a easel to reveal a large piece of graph paper with a circle render onto it . Amy look , puzzle , from the circle to norville 's proudly beam face . norville ... I design it myself and this be just the sweet baby that can put hudsucker right back on top . Amy be bewilder . norville explain : norville ... you know ! for kid ! amy ... why do not I just type this up ... norville aww , naw , Amy , that will not be necessary . I should not send it ; she 's just do she job , I guess . amy well , I do not know ; maybe she do deserve it . maybe she should have come in to face you man to man . norville well , she probably have a deadline ... amy sure , but -- she could still have get you side for the record ! norville well , it 's do now -- what 's the use of grouse about it . forget the letter , Amy , I just have to blow off some steam ... she get up to leave , and be head for the door when norville add : norville ... she 's probably just a little confuse . Amy turn at the door . amy confused ? norville yeah , you know , probably one of this fast - talk career gal , think she 's one of the boy . probably be one of the boy , if you know what I mean . amy ( through clench tooth ) I be quite sure I do not know what you mean . norville yeah , you know . suffer from one of this complex they have nowadays . seem pretty obvious , do not it ? she 's probably very unattractive and bitter about it . amy oh , be that it ! norville yeah , you know . probably dress in man 's clothing , swap drink with the guy at the local water hole , and hobnob with some smooth talk heel in the newsroom name biff or smoocher or ... amy smitty . norville exactly . and I bet she 's ugly . Real ugly . otherwise , why would not they print she picture next to she byline ? amy maybe she put she work ahead of she personal appearance . norville I bet that 's exactly what she tell herself ! but you and I both know she 's just a dry - up bitter old may . say , how about you and I grab a little dinner and a show after work ? I be think maybe the King and I -- whap ! Amy slap he . he stare . norville ... how about Oklahoma ? as she stalk out of the office : amy norville barne , you do not know a thing about that woman ! you do not know who she really be ! and only a numbskull think he know thing about thing he know nothing about ! he stare , rub he cheek . norville say , what give ? whistle shrieking . swish pan to : clock reading five o'clock . swish pan to : worker rising from they desk , collect personal effect , put on they hat and coat . time clock busy hand punch out . int . empty hallway of the executive floor . a security man walk down the hall , whistling , swinging a ring of key . after he pass the door to the lady ' room it open , Amy peek out , emerge , go into norville 's office . int . norville's office she go to the desk , take out the appointment book , flip through it . book still empty except for the one date with the wilkie grammer School junior achiever Club , which now have a red line draw across it with the notation canceled . amy look around the office -- notice something . door set into the wall to one side it be top by a small plaque : authorized personnel only . Amy try the knob , which turn , and enter . int . room it be big and dim , several storey high , with spiral staircase reach into , and catwalk criss -crossing , the gloom above . it be fill with contraption -- work , cog , gear . there be no window , but on what would be the window wall there be a enormous iron ring with a metal rod sweeping a interior circle . it be the backside of the great hudsucker clock . Amy gaze about . she cross to a door opposite the one she enter from . she stoops to peek through its keyhole . her Pov we be looking into sidney J. mussburger 's office . mussburger sit at he desk bark into a dictaphone . click -click -click -- the perpetual motion ball on he desk be go full - tilt ; thrummmmmmm -- the clock' exterior second hand sweep a shadow across the office . mussburger , it seem , never sleep . mussburger memo . from the desk of sidney J. mussburger . executive order number 530 slash a49 . to : director of the jacksonville facility . copy to : legal affair , Business affair , Central file . re : Movement of Raw material from the huron facility . due to unfavorable news in the slag market , jacksonville inventory must be reduce by 15 percent with overflow divert to the waukegan stamp facility . memo . from the desk of sidney J. mussburger . executive order number 530 slash a50 . to : director of -- back to scene voice ( o.s. ) watchoo doin ' down they , miss archuh ? amy huh ?! she straighten and turn . facing she be a very old black man in a janitor 's jumpsuit with hudsucker industries / the future be now emblazon across it . we might recognize he voice as that of the narrator who open the movie . amy who be you ? how do you know who I be ? mose ( black man ) ah guess ole mose know jes about ever 'thing , leastway if it concern hudsuckuh . amy but -- who be you -- what d' you do here ? mose ah keep the ol ' circle turn -- this ol ' clock need plenty o' care . time be money , miss archuh , and money -- it drive that ol ' global economy and keep big daddy Earth a-spinnin ' on ' roun ' . ya see , without that capital fo'mation -- amy yeah , yeah . say , you will not tell anyone about I , will you ? mose I do not tell no one nothin ' lessen they ask . thatches be not ole mose ' way . amy so if you know everything about hudsucker , tell I why the board decide to make norville barne president . mose well , that even surprised ole mose at fust . I do not think the board be that smart . amy that smart ?! mose but then I figure it out : they do it ' cause they figure young norville for a imbecile . like some othuh people ah know . amy why on earth would they want a nitwit to be president ? mose ' Cause they 's little piggly ! they 's tryin ' to inspire panic , make that stock git cheap so 's they can snitch it all up of ' themselves ! but norville , he 's get some trick up he sleeve , he do ... he draw a circle with he finger in the air . mose ... you know , of ' kid ? yeah , he 's a smart one , that norville , heh -heh , he 's a caution . Wal , some folk be square , a ' some be hip -- to punctuate , he give a little jerk of he hip . mose ... but I guess you do not really know he any better than that board do , do ya , miss archuh ? amy well , maybe I -- mose a ' only some kind a knucklehead think she know thing ' bout thing she , uh -- when she do not , uh -- how would that go ? amy ( bristle ) it 's hardly the same -- mose why you do not even know y'own self -- you be not exactly the genuine article be you , miss archuh ? amy well , in connection with my job , sometimes I have to go undercover as it be -- mose I do not mean that ! why you pretendin ' to be such a hard ol ' sourpuss ! ai not never gonna make you happy ! never make warin ' happy . amy ( uncomfortably ) I be happy enough . mose ( chuckle ) okay , miss archuh . ( turn and walk away ) ... I get gear to see to . amy ( call after he ) I be plenty happy ! she be answer only by whirring machinery . mose elsewhere in the great room , he be hunkere down next to a catchment which he buff with a greasy rag . Amy 's voice echoes up : amy ( o.s. ) ... hello ? mose ( mutter to himself ) they po ' young folk . look like norville 's in of ' the same kind o' heartache ol ' warin ' have . but then , she never axed I ' bout that ... as ominous music swell , we -- fade out : fade in : int . chief' office he slam down a typescript . chief I can not print this ! amy why not , it 's all true ! the board be use this poor guy ! they be depress the stock so they can buy it cheap ! chief it 's pure speculation ! why , they would have my butt in a satchel ! smitty ( chuckle ) ol ' satchel - butt ... amy I know they be gonna buy that stock -- chief you do not know anything ! fact be they have not buy it ! the stock be cheap , archer ! what be they wait for ? amy I do not know ... smitty Amy 's hunch be usually pretty good , Chief . chief you do not accuse someone of stock manipulation on a hunch , ignatz ! the reader of the Manhattan argus be not interested in sensationalism , gossip and unsupported speculation . fact , figure -- that be the tool of the newspaper trade ! why it 's almost as if you be try to take the heat off this barne numbskull -- like you have go all soft on he ! smitty come on , Chief , that 's a low blow . archer 's not gonna go goey for a corn- feed idiot . chief all right , I be out of line . but you be out of line with this stock swindle story . gimme some more of that moron-from - sheboygan stuff -- amy muncie . chief whatever . that 's what sell newspaper . amy I have get a even hotter story -- the sap from the City desk . chief watch it , archer -- amy it 's about a dimwitted editor who -- smitty easy , Amy ... he give she a companionable goose . smitty ... let 's grab a highball and calm down . she whirl and slap he . amy back off -- smoocher ! smitty rub he cheek , stare as she storm off . smitty ( angry ) say , what give ? engraved invitation it read : sidney J. mussburger President norville barne and the board of hudsucker industry cordially invite you to the annual Fancy - dress hudsucker Christmas gala Music , Dancing , refreshment ( dainty ) formal even attire de rigeuer . the music over the invitation -- " we wish you a merry christmas " -- segue into the dance music of the hudsucker chamber orchestra . dancing couple fill the screen ; we glide among they and finally come to follow one couple : norville and mrs . mussburger , a large middle - age woman of the Margaret dumont -mold in a elaborately flower and old - fashioned evening gown , low - cut in spite of she overly - heavy figure . she wear a large flower hat with a roll - up veil . mrs . mussburger -- so we would go out to the hampton and the garden be in positive ruin ! norville that must have be quite a disappointment , Mrs. mussburger . mrs . mussburger disappointment ? j'etais destroyee ! I be in bed for a week ! positively sick with fury ! I call in the gardener and say , ' monsieur gonzalez , either that azalea come up next spring or you be terminee ! she throw she head back and roar with laughter . angle - there feet as the large woman lean back to laugh , she foot stay plant on the ground and norville 's rise to be drag with he toe scraping the floor through the continue dance . mrs . mussburger I be brush up on my french with the most charming man , Pierre of fifth Avenue . do you know he ? norville I have not have -- mrs . mussburger sidney and I be plan a trip to Paris and point continental -- be not we , dear ? mussburger have entered frame . mussburger sure , sure . I be go to borrow norville for a while , if you do not mind , dear . mixing down as they leave she : mrs . mussburger well , frankly , I ... norville you have a charming wife , Mr. muss -- uh , sid. mussburger so they tell I . norville , let I shepherd you through some of the introduction here . try not to talk too much ; some of we biggest stockholder be , uh -- scratch that : say whatever you want . entryway as Amy enter in a simple yet stun evening gown . she look around the room , then start across the crowded floor towards the punch bowl . norville as mussburger introduce he to a tall , impose businessman in a tuxedo and a ten-gallon hat . mussburger norville barne , allow I to introduce Mr. Zebulon cardozo , one of hudsucker industry large and most loyal stockholder . ignoring norville 's proffer hand : cardozo ( businessman ) dammit boy , what 's this I hear about you bein ' a embecile ? what the hell be ailin ' ya ?! a week ago my stock be worth twice what it be now ! I be consider dump the whole shootin ' match , unless I see some vast improvement ! dammit , boy , it 's a range war ! either you pull we wagon into a circle or I be pullin ' out of the wagon train ! norville give he a force but hearty laugh of reassurance . norville no need for concern , sir ; it 's only natural in a period of transition for the more timid element to run for cover -- cardozo so I be yella , be I ?!! he start peel off he tuxedo jacket : cardozo ... we will see who 's yella !! his wife , a small wiry woman , step in as mussburger start drag norville away . mrs . cardozo Zebulon , you mind now and quit bein ' sech a ole grizzly . as he reluctantly start shrugging back into the jacket : cardozo aww , I be not gonna hurt the boy , lorelei ... mussburger and norville as they make they way through the room norville be mop at he brow with a handkerchief . norville I be sorry , sid , I think maybe if I show he the long view we might -- thump ! dabbing at he brow , norville have walk square into the back of a debonaire man hold a martini . the drink sloshes and the man turn testily to face he . mussburger norville , this be thorstensen finlandsen , who head a radical splinter group of disgruntled investor . norville nervously pump findlandsen 's hand . norville hello , Mr. finlandsen , so sorry to meet you -- uh , happy to walk into y -- uh , pleased to make you -- findlandsen raise he hand to look quizzically at norville 's handkerchief which he now hold himself , apparently have be give it during the handshake . he hand it back to norville . norville thank you , sir ... he stuff it nervously into he outside breast pocket as findlandsen stare at he . mussburger stand watch in the executive at - ease , hand dig into he pocket . norville ... I understand you concern about the down - ward , you know , but I think you will find under we strong new leadership ... as norville 's hand drop from he breast pocket the handkerchief , perhaps catch on he sleeve , whip out of the pocket and follow he hand down . findlandsen look down and norville follow he look , and stoops below frame to retrieve the hanky . findlandsen lean quizzically forward and peer down at norville , who continue , o.s . norville ( o.s. ) we anticipate , in short order , a upward ... in rapid fire , norville straighten up into -- crunch -- findlandsen , whose head snap back , eye roll , a hand press to he nose , drink sloshing ; norville , one hand press to the back of he own head and the other wildly wave he hanky for balance , take a staggering step forward onto the toe of a elegantly - gown mrs . findlandsen . mrs . findlandsen ahhh ! there be a drum roll and , as the light dim : emcee grab the large old - fashioned microphone in front of the band and grin . emcee lady and gentleman , distinguished member of the hudsucker board . I give you the king of swing , the rajah of romance , the incredible , the unforgettable mister Vic ... tenetta ! Vic tenetta take the microphone from the emcee who back away , applaud as tenetta start to croon . he wear a white dinner jacket . his jet black hair sweep out over he forehead in a roguishly pompadoure mat ; one forelock droops and bounce across he forehead . CUT to : several board member cluster in a dim corner of the room , smoking cigar . in the b.g. , brilliantly spotlit , Vic tenetta continue he song . as mussburger join they : executive # 1 how 's it go , Mr. mussburger ? mussburger bad . executive # 2 good . mussburger but not bad enough . executive # 3 too bad . mussburger it could be better , it could be worse . all three executive hmmmmmm . mussburger the stock 's get to drop another five point if we expect to get control interest . norville tell I he 's get some hot idea . can not be good . executive # 1 then it can not be bad ! executive # 2 could not be better if it could not be worse . all hmmmmmm . ext . penthouse - terrace where the party noise be distant , tenetta's song just filtering out . we be on a full shot of the back of a man who stand face the twinkle cityscape , but in a odd , leanedback posture , with one hand reach up to he hide face , he other hand press against the small of he back , like a man with a stiff neck toss back a drink . reverse Amy , have just emerge onto the terrace , squint at he . amy ... norville ? he turn and we see that it be indeed norville , hold a drip icepack against one eye . amy ... what happen ? norville oh. nothing , really , just ... the more timid investor be no longer run for cover . amy let I look . he do . norville sid find I the icepack . amy let I hold it , or you will have a real shiner . norville thanks . people seem to be pretty hot over this imbecile story . amy ... I be sorry . norville oh , it be not you fault , Amy . you be the one person who 's be stand by I through all this . as she roll the pack gently across he eye : amy norville ... there 's something I have to tell you . you see , I be not really a secretary . norville I know that , Amy . amy ... you do ? norville I understand that you be not very skilled yet in the secretarial art . I be not that skilled as president . oh sure , I put up a big front -- ( massage he eye ) -- not that everyone 's buy it . amy I believe in you , norville -- at least I believe in you ... intention -- norville oh , I do not blame they , really . I guess I have sort of make a mess of thing . this folk have to protect they investment . most of they be very nice people -- amy norville , you can not trust people here like you do in muncie ... they gaze out at the city . amy ... certain people be -- norville didja ever go to the top of old man Larson 's feed tower and look out over the town ? amy ... huh ? norville you know , on farm route 17 . amy oh yes ! in muncie ! norville no! in vidalia ! farm Route 17 ! amy uh -- yes. seventeen . yes , I -- well no , I -- I never really ... there 's a place I go now , the cutest little place near my apartment in greenwich Village . it 's call Ann 's 440 . it 's a beatnik bar . norville you do not say . amy yes , you can get carrot juice or italian coffee , and the people there -- well , none of they quite fit in . you would love it -- why do not you come there with I -- they be have a marathon poetry read on New Year 's Eve . I go every year . norville ( puzzle ) every year ? amy well -- this year -- if it 's good I plan to make it a tradition . uh , my it certainly be beautiful -- she nod out at the city to avoid norville 's quizzical look . amy ... the people look like ant . norville well , the hindus say -- and the beatnik also -- that in the next life some of we will come back as ant . some will be butterfly . other will be elephant or creature of the sea . amy what a beautiful think . norville what do you think you be in you previous life , Amy ? amy oh , I do not know . maybe I be just a fast - talk career gal who think she be one of the boy -- norville oh no , Amy , pardon I for say so but I find that very farfetch . amy norville , there really be something I have to tell you -- norville that kind of person would come back as a wildebeest , or a warthog . no , I think it more likely that you be a gazelle , with long , graceful leg , gambol through the underbrush . perhaps we meet once , a chance encounter in a forest glade . I must have be a antelope or a ibex . what time we must have have -- forage together for sustenance , pick the grub and burr from one another 's coat . or perhaps we simply touch we horn briefly and go we separate way ... amy I wish it be that simple , norville . I wish I be still a gazelle , and you be a antelope or a ibex . norville well , can I at least call you deer ? ha-ha-ha-ha-ha ! seriously , Amy , the whole thing be what you beatnik friend call ' karma ' -- the great circle of life , death and rebirth . morosely : amy yeah , I think I have hear of that . what go around come around . norville that 's it . a great wheel that give we each what we deserve ... he slap he fist into he palm . norville ... tomorrow 's my big presentation to the board . I have gotta show sidney and the guy that I deserve all they confidence ! sadly : amy oh , norville -- norville kiss I once , Amy ! kiss I once for luck ! amy sure , norville , sure ... she give he a peck . they look at each other . amy ... oh , norville ! she embrace he . they kiss again . norville 's eye widen . VIC tenetta croon the end of he song . dancing couple turn to the bandstand and applaud . norville and amy in the midst of a passionate kiss . fade out : fade in : double oak door label " executive Conference room . " a secretary be hang up a sign that read : " quiet please ! board meeting in session . " int . boardroom - close on norville chest and up . his upper torso be sway , he shoulder rhythmically roll as he talk . we hear a whoosh whoosh sound from o.s. norville -- so we have economy , simplicity , low production cost and the potential for mass appeal , and all that spell out great profitability ... close on mussburger stare . holding a just - light but forget cigar in one hand , and a still burn match in the other . norville ( o.s. ) ... I have the boy down at R &amp ; D throw together this prototype so that we discussion here could have some focus ... board stare , mouth hang open , in arrest motion much like when waring hudsucker jump out the window at the previous board meeting . norville ( o.s. ) ... and to give you gentleman of the board a first -hand look at just how exciting this gizmo be ... wider on norville still gyrate . we now see that he have accelerate the hula hoop around he waist to quite a good speed . norville ... it 's fun , it 's healthy , it 's good exercise ; kid will just love it , and we put a little sand inside to make the whole experience more pleasant . and the great part be we will not have to charge a arm and a leg ! mussburger 's forget match have burn down to he fingertip . with a wince , he shake it out . the board be stare . elderly executive yeah but ... what be it ? executive # 2 do it have rule ? executive # 3 can more than one play ? executive # 4 ( to # 3 ) what make you think it 's a game ? executive # 3 be it a game ? executive # 5 will it break ? executive # 6 it better break eventually ! executive # 2 be there a object ? executive # 3 be you suppose to make it fly off ? executive # 5 do it come with battery ? executive # 4 could we charge extra for they ? executive # 7 be it safe for toddler ? executive # 3 how can you tell when you be do ? executive # 2 how do you make it stop ? executive # 1 be that a girl 's model or a boy' ? executive # 3 can a parent assemble it ?? executive # 7 what if you get tired before it 's do ? executive # 6 be there a larger model for the obese ? executive # 4 can you do it around you neck ? elderly executive and finally ... what be it ? norville you know , for kid ! it 's ... it 's ... well , it 's ... mussburger it 's brilliant . the board look at mussburger . mussburger ... it 's genius . it 's just exactly what hudsucker need at this juncture . sure , sure , a blind man could tell you that there 's a enormous demand for this , uh ... he smile weakly at norville . mussburger ... congratulation , kid , you have really outdone yourself . reinvented the wheel . I be go to recommend to the board that we proceed immediately with this , uh ... with the , uh ... that the dingus be mass - produce with all deliberate speed . of course , as president of the company the ultimate decision be yours . norville well ... I be for it ... as furiously busy music start : CUT to : teletype furiously printing out " executive directive # 37451-jl7 . a hand enter frame and rip the directive from the teletype , then hurriedly roll it into a cylinder and slip it into a cylindrical metal capsule . the capsule be pop into a pneumatic tube . angle - length of pneumatic piping somewhere in the labyrinthine substructure of the hudsucker Building . we hear a missile furiously hurtling towards we , inside the pipe , and rocketing by . angle on another length of piping once again we hear the capsule approach and rocket past . blinding red light as a siren blare . on a huge board that say hudsucker design department , flash red letter announce : incoming directive ! the pneumatic tube spout shoot out a cylinder , and a hand eagerly pick it up and yank it out of frame . a technician in white laboratory smock be read the directive as several other white - jackete technician crowd they head around he shoulder , also read . all of they eye and head motion synchronize as they eagerly read , devour the document line by line . a large sheet of graph paper be whipped down on top of a draft table . under the caption overhead angle be a perfect circle . under the caption horizontal be a horizontal line . under the caption vertical side angle be a vertical line . extreme low angle - several technician look thoughtfully down at the rendering . the head technician be stroking he beard and nodd . CUT to : rendering as a hand enter frame and stamp the draw approve . CUT to : two more lengths of pneumatic pipe as we hear the cylinder rocketing by . swish pan to : frosted double glass door letter on the frost glass be : " advertising department Creative bullpen . " in sharp silhouette on the frost glass we can see the three admen work inside . two pace back and forth , smoking cigarettes , as they toss out idea . the third sit slump in front of a silhouette typewriter , he head rest on one hand , he other hand rest on a half - empty bottle of whiskey . in the f.g. , outside the frost glass and so not in silhouette , sit a bored secretary read War and peace , volume one . ad man # 1 ( o.s. ) we will call it the Flying donut ! ad man # 2 ( o.s. ) the Dancing dingus ! ad man # 1 ( o.s. ) the jerky Circle ! swish pan to : pneumatic piping with the cylinder rocketing by . swish pan to : " accounting department " wall plaque CUT to : huge poster up on the wall of the accounting floor be a enormous reproduction of the design department 's rendering of the hula hoop . over the poster be a enormous banner : " what will this cost ? " pan from the poster to a high angle shot of a floor full of accountant sit at they row and row of desk ; all be look up at the wall poster as they operate they manual add machine to the same beat . all accountant wear identical vest , shirtsleeve , garter , visor and spectacle . the head accountant stand in front of the room oversee they effort . he wear a full three - piece suit , a visor and a pince - nez . CUT to : huge book be drop onto a desk . its cover read : summary of cost analysis . the book be open and its page , fill with row of number , be flip to the last page where we quickly pan down to the bottom line : unit cost ... $ 0.59 suggested retail ... $ 0.79 CUT to : executive look down at the book as the head accountant hover over he shoulder , wait for he reaction . the executive grimly shake he head . back to book as the accountant 's hand enter frame to scratch in " $ 1 " in front of the suggest retail of $ 0.79 . a hand enter frame to stamp the bottom line : approved . CUT to : rocketing pneumatic pipe CUT to : advertising department creative bullpen the secretary in the f.g. be now read War and peace , volume two . ad man # 1 ( o.s. ) something short . ad man # 2 ( o.s. ) sharp . ad man # 1 ( o.s. ) snappy . ad man # 2 ( o.s. ) with a little jazz . ad man # 1 ( o.s. ) the shazzammeter ! ad man # 2 ( o.s. ) the hipster ! drawing a circle in the air : ad man # 1 ( o.s. ) the daddy - oh ! ad man # 2 ( o.s. ) the Circle - o' - gaiety ! CUT to : rocketing pipe CUT to : men in asbestos suit throw down they visor as they scurry and dive for cover behind bank of sandbag . a fierce explosion harshly illuminate the sandbag . as the explosion subside : the workmen cautiously peek out over the sandbag , then flip back they visor and rise to they foot . there Pov bounce among the flame debris of the explosion be a hula hoop , still intact . CUT to : rocketing pipe CUT to : advertising department creative bullpen the secretary in the f.g. be now read Anna karenina . the silhouett ad man , frustrated and hoarse , be still at it . ad man # 1 ( o.s. ) the hoopsucker ! ad man # 2 ( o.s. ) the hudswinger ! ad man # 1 ( o.s. ) the hoop-dee-doo ! ad man # 2 ( o.s. ) the hudsucker Hoop ! the third ad man , slouched motionless at the typewriter up until now , finally raise he head . ad man # 3 ( o.s. ) fellas . fellas ! ad man # 1 ( o.s. ) ya get somethin' ? ad man # 2 ( o.s. ) ya get something ' ?! ad man # 3 ( o.s. ) fellas ! I get somethin' ! CUT to : piece of art paper printed at the top : hudsucker industry proudly present pan down to reveal : the hula hoop pan down to reveal : a artist 's hand work in fast motion to render the hula hoop logo : a grin , healthy 1950s boy with a spray of freckle , one fist throw forward , the other behind , as if do a athletic frug , a hula hoop spin with action line around he waist . in second the artist have complete the logo and now , also in fast motion , he write the slogan on either side of the boy : " you know ... for kid ! " as the page be rip off the art pad : match CUT to : page be carry away in a continuous motion by a engineer who look at it , nodd . we see that we be now in a enormous plant area . the engineer , grimy from he labor in this sweaty industrial realm , reach up to pull a enormous lever . CUT to : machine grinding into motion . CUT to : donut spout as it begin to spit hula hoop in massive number . the hoop be spit onto a long metal arm where they rest , hang . a bale of hula hoop be load into a hudsucker truck to complete its load . the truck door be slam shut . iron grill be throw up to reveal the display window of a shop just open for the day . in the window be a enormous hula hoop display , with various hoop strung up on wire in front of a large cardboard diorama -- " you know ... for kid ! " reflected in the display window we see crowd of people scurrying by , indifferent to the display . Inside the shop we see the proprietor by the cash register , he chin propped glumly in he hand . int . norville's office norville sit anxiously await the verdict of Amy who sit hunch over the ticker - tape machine , study the emerge tape . Amy finally look up at norville and sadly shake she head . back to shop window crowd still scurry indifferently by . the shopkeeper stand idly in he doorway , smoking a cigarette . we track in on the cardboard display . the display price of $ 1.79 have be cross out . underneath it , ink in : " reduced : $ 1.59 . " int . norville's office norville be nervously pace . Amy still study the ticker - tape . once again she be force to shake she head sadly . back to shop' price display the old $ 1.59 be suddenly cover as the hand enter frame to slap on a sticker : $ 1.49 . a beat . the hand enter frame to slap on a new sticker : $ 1.29 . then in rapid-fire succession : $ 0.99 . $ 0.79 . $ 0.49 . two for $ 0.25 . free with any purchase . alley behind shop where garbage and garbage can sit wait for collection : hand appear at the back door of a shop hurl a clutch of hoop towards the trash heap . one errant hoop roll towards the mouth of the alley . the mouth of the alley . the escape hula hoop emerge and start roll down the street . hula hoop it roll across the street . car violently brake to avoid it . it round a corner and roll up to a little boy , roll in a circle around he , and finally wobble to the pavement . the little boy look at it , step inside it , raise it to he hip and start hula hoop . somewhere a bell be ringing . int . nearby schoolhouse where the bell be ringing , the front door fly open and hundred of schoolchild run out , scream , head home , but all in a dense pack . the scream pack of schoolchild round a corner and -- stop short , they scream abruptly halting . they be stare , fascinate , at the hula-hoop youngster . the child be dumbfounded . it be a moment the like of which they have never dream . CUT to : scream pack once again run , maniacal , possess . we do not know where they be run , but we can guess . CUT to : store jam - pack with scream child , grab hula hoop off the shelf . back to norville's office norville sit slump behind he desk , he head rest on the desktop , utterly deject . suddenly the ticker -tape hum to life and start spitting tape . Amy look at it with mount excitement . finally she look breathlessly up : amy ... norville ! norville lift he head from the desktop . a piece of scrap paper be stick to he cheek . Dramatic fanfare music start to swell . we hold on norville 's expectant face . we hold . the music build . we hold . we : CUT to : newsreel title we can see the " tidbit of time " logo as a solemn-voice announcer intone : announcer ( v.o. ) rockwell News present ... ' tidbit of time ! ' World news in picture , we kid you not . another angle picture dissolves to a pan up the hudsucker Building . cut to candid film of norville get out of a car , notice the camera , grin and wave as he walk , and take a pratfall . announcer ( v.o. ) ... what begin as the brainchild of this madison Avenue whiz kid be now a craze sweeping the nation . the 'hula hoop , ' product of hudsucker industry , be a recreational device that some expert predict may eclipse the television as a mean of entertainment ... another angle a television sit against a neutral b.g . a hula hoop roll into frame and bump the tv , push it out of frame . announcer ( v.o. ) ... this dance dingus of delight , this jerky circle of gaiety , be prove to be the toy of choice of most american youngster . -- whoa - ho ! do I say youngster ?! here 's mom , take a break from she household chore ... another angle a woman switch off she vacuum cleaner , take a hula hoop that be conveniently lean against a nearby wall , and start hula hoop . announcer ( v.o. ) ... and even dad be ' swinging ' into the act ! another angle in the office , dad , smoking a pipe , be also hula hoop . announcer ( v.o. ) ... and so the congratulation pour in for up - and -comer norville barne , inventor of the hoop -- include one very special call ! another angle in jerky cinema-verite footage , a woman be excitedly stick she head in norville 's door . woman ( v.o. ) he 's on ! he 's on the line ! swish over to norville , agog , who pick up he phone and , voice break : norville ( v.o. ) ... hello ? crackling voice ( v.o. ) hello , norville . this be the President ... a half - wipe leave a split screen with half of the screen remain norville , the other half become a still of ike stand in a tank turret , point commandingly . under the photo : voice of general dwight D. eisenhower . norville ( v.o. ) oh my God , sir ! ike ( v.o. ) ... I just want to congratulate you . I be very proud of you , norville ... norville ( v.o. ) oh my God , sir ! ike ( v.o. ) ... Mrs. eisenhower be very proud of you . the american people be very proud of you . flash bulb explosion effect a ... CUT to : norville facing a battery of reporter at a news conference . reporter # 1 Mr. barne , how would ya come up with the idea for the hula hoop ? norville be hold one hand up to shield he eye from the unaccustom light . Amy stand next to he , beam . norville well , it be no great idea , really . a thing like this , it take a whole company to put it together , and I be just grateful for the opportunity -- reporter # 2 Mr. barne , do you have any idea there would be such a huge response ? norville well , frankly , I do not think anybody expect this much hoopla -- he be surprised by a burst of laughter . reporter # 3 ' hoopla on the hula hoop ' -- can we quote you on that , Mr. barne ? norville well sure , I guess -- reporter # 4 Mr. barne , be you think of give yourself a nice fat raise ? norville ha-ha-ha-ha . come on , guy ... flash bulb explosion effect a ... CUT to : newsreel a scientist with a Van dyke beard , wear a laboratory smock , be face the camera . behind he we see other scientist study a hoop that have be hook up to a gyroscopic - look device that analyze its various movement and property . newsreel announcer ( v.o. ) what scientific principle explain the mind - bend motion of this whipping wheel of wonder ? a title super over the scientist 's chest identify he as Professor erwin schweide . scientist ( v.o. ) Ze dinkus be kvite zimple , really . it operate on ze same principle zat keep ze earth spin ' round ze sun , and zat keep you from fly off ze earth into ze coldest reach of outer space vere you vood die like a miserable shvine ! yes , ze principle be ze same , except for ze piece of grrrit zey put in to make ze whole experience more pleasant -- tracking in to : int . norville's office the mean laugh . norville , behind he desk in long shot , laugh , as we begin to track in . there be something disconcert about he laugh -- it be harder , more businesslike , colder than the dopey laugh that accompany he elevation to the presidency . or perhaps it be only we imagination , for while still some distance away from he : flash bulb explosion effect a ... CUT back to : news conference newsmen follow norville as he walk through the lobby of the hudsucker Building . reporter # 1 Mr. barne , do the board consider you a ' idea man ' when they promote you from the mail room ? norville well , I guess so -- I do not think they promote I because they think I be a jerk . reporter # 2 Mr. barne , what 's the next big idea for you and hudsucker industry ? norville jeez , I do not know . a idea like this sweet baby do not just come overnight ... reporter Mr. barne , be you -- norville -- although I will tell you one thing : I certainly do not expect all this ' hoopla ' ! this tire old joke bring some polite laughter . norville be smile as he enter the elevator . as its door start to close , leave Amy behind : norville ... and you can quote I on that ! flash bulb explosion effect a ... CUT back to : newsreel announcer ( v.o. ) yes , it 's hula hula everywhere ! from the cocktail party of the Park Avenue smart set ... another angle a group of people in formal evening wear be sip highball and chat as they keep hoop in motion ' round they waist . announcer ( v.o. ) ...to sweetheart who want to be marry in the ' swing ' of thing ... another angle a young couple stand before the altar hula hoop . announcer ( v.o. ) ... to we friend the negro , in the heart of the dark continent . another angle Pan down from elephant to two native hula hoop as they grin into the newsreel camera . tracking in on : another angle the mean laugh . yes , as we draw closer , it seem clear that he laugh be colder than before . flash bulb explosion effect a ... CUT to : norville sitting in a barber chair , face lather up , as Reporters crowd in . reporter # 1 Mr. barne , Mr. barne , rumpus magazine have call you the most eligible bachelor of the year , and the society page have be link you with high - fashion model Za - Za . would you care to comment ? a burn cigar emerge from the lather around norville 's face . it waggle as he talk . norville there 's no truth to the rumor ; we be just dear friend ... he look to one side . norville ... be not that right , Za - Za ? swish pan to : za - za . stand nearby . every man 's dream , in a tarty sort of way . za - za ( sexily ) gr-r-r-r-r-r-r-oww ! the newsmen react . reporter # 2 ho-leeee ! reporter # 3 Mr. barne , whither hudsucker ? whither norville barne ? reporter # 4 how do you respond to the charge that you be out of idea ? have norville barne run dry ? the barber be periodically pinching norville 's nose to shave under it ; as he alternately pinch and release , norville 's voice break from nasal to normal and back . norville not at all . why , just this week I come up with several new sweet idea . a larger model hula hoop for the portly . a battery option for the lazy and handicapped . a model with more sand for hard - of-hear . I be earning my keep . reporter # 5 speak of that , Mr. barne , do you expect to get a raise ? norville well , by anyone 's account I have save hudsucker industry ; we stock be worth more than it 's ever be . so , yes , I expect to be compensate for that . end track in on : another angle the mean laugh . further track in on norville end in close shot , he hand clasped on the desktop in front of he , as he finish he hard , square - jaw , man-on - top laugh , gaze flintily into the camera . norville -- ha-ha-ha-ha-ha ! pull back from : weeping executive the pull back from a blubber executive reveal that we be at a board meeting . all of the board member sit around the table except for mussburger , who , a towel around he waist , be receive a choppity - chop massage on a padded table from a muscular man in a bulg T-shirt . mussburger pull yourself together , addison . addison snuffles . addison nobody tell I ! nobody tell I ! you sell all of we stock ? mussburger we dumped the whole load . now quit showboat , addison -- addison I have twenty thousand share ! I would be a millionaire now ! mussburger sure , sure , we would all be millionaire . there 's no point in look back . at the time , stilson think dump we position would panic the market , further depress the stock -- then we would buy it all back , and more of course , once it get cheap -- addison cheap ! cheap ! it 's never be more valuable ! and I be ruin ! ruine ! he climb up onto the board table . addison I be get off this merry - go-round ! executive addison ! another executive myron ! addison aaaaahhh ! he run down the length of the table and hurl himself toward the window and : thwok ! CUT to : mussburger's office - angle from outside looking in , as addison flatten against the f.g. glass , he face squushing , he outflung hand likewise . all stare in horror for a long silent beat . with the sound of a squeegee be draw across glass , addison , still freeze , slide down the window , hit the floor , and fall stiffly back like a fall tree . mussburger sit up and stick a cigar into he mouth . mussburger plexiglas . have it install last week . executive ... myron ? mussburger all right , so the kid catch a wave . so right now he and he dingus be on top . well , this too shall pass . myrtle J. mussburger do not raise she boy to go knockkneed at the first sign of adversity . I say , we make this kid and we can break he . I say , the higher he climb , the harder he drop . I say , yes , the kid have a future , and in it I see shame , dishonor , ignominy and disgrace . sure , sure , the wheel turn , the music play , and we spin be not over yet . norville's office a small chamber orchestra , the musician in tail , sit play " eine kleine nachtmusik " . norville , eye close , recline in he desk chair , one uniform woman stooping in front of he , manicure he nail , another , behind , massage he temple . a tailor be pin up he pant cuff . a french sculptor wear a white smock , a beret , and a goatee squint at norville and chisel at a block of marble with a stone chisel and hammer . a goon sit off to one side , hat insolently atop he head , read the funny papers . at length norville stir , open he eye , sit bolt upright , bat away the hand of the manicurist and temple - massager . norville hold it !... the musician ' play dribble away to silence . norville ... nobody move , nobody breathe ... all sit freeze . you could hear a pin drop . norville ... a idea ... be come ... eye narrow , he gaze off into space , squinting for he idea . close on tailor' kit a straight pin be roll across the top -- it drop off -- extreme close on floor where the pin -- ping ! -- hit . norville deflate . he glare at the tailor . norville it 's go now . the musician resume play . everyone else resume work . the intercom buzy and a female voice announce : female ( v.o. ) miss Amy here to see you . norville lean forward to hit he intercom . norville be she in the book ? -- the door burst open and Amy storm in . amy for Pete 's sake , norville ! norville oh ! hello , Amy -- be it -- I think she say , mamie -- amy never mind about that ... she shake a piece of paper at norville . amy ... you know what that nincompoop in the boardroom be do ? norville well , I would not call they nincom -- amy they be go to discharge eight percent of the work force here at hudsucker . why , in New York alone that mean eighteen hundred people out of work , people with wife and child and family -- norville well yes , we be pruning away some of the dead wood , but if -- amy you mean you know about this ? norville know about it ? you think the board would do anything like this without my authorization ? no , this be my idea from the start . amy you i -- norville we have to be realistic , Amy . you know thing have slowed down a little here at hudsucker -- amy you be awful kind to yourself , norville barne -- the fact be you have slowed down , sit up here like a sultan , not do a lick of work ! why you know it 's idea that be the lifeblood of industry and you have not come up with one since the hoop and the reason 's plain to see ! you have forget what make you idea exciting for you in the first place -- it be not for the fame and the wealth and the mindless adulation of -- would you get out of here ?! this be address to the chamber orchestra , whose play dribble off . they look inquisitively at norville , then rise to pack up they instrument and sheepishly leave the office . amy ... I have be watch you , norville barne , even though you have be try to avoid I -- norville now , aim -- amy shutup ! -- and do not think I have not notice how you have change . I use to think you be a swell guy -- well , to be honest I think you be a imbecile -- norville now , aim -- amy shutup ! -- but then I figure out you be a swell guy , a little slow maybe , but a swell guy ! well , maybe you be not so slow , but you be not so swell either and it look like you be a imbecile after -- norville now , aim -- amy shutup ! -- after all ! you have not talk to I for a week and now I be go to say my piece . I have get a prediction for you , norville barne : I predict that since you have decide to dedicate yourself to greed and sloth and everything bad , you be go to lose all the good thing that you good idea bring you . you be go to throw they all away chase after money and ease and the respect of a board that would not give you the time of day if you ... if you ... norville worked in a watch factory ? the goon look up from he funnyy . goon huh-huh -huh ! amy ( to the goon ) shutup ! ( to norville ) exactly ! do not you remember how you use to feel about the hoop ? you tell I you be gonna bring a smile to the hip of everyone in America , regardless of race , creed or color . finally there would be a thingamajig that would bring everyone together -- even if it keep them apart , spacially -- you know , for kid ? you word , norville , not mine . I use to love norville barne -- yes , love he ! -- when he be just a swell kid with hot idea who be in over he head , but now you head be too big to be in over ! norville now , Amy -- amy consider this my resignation -- thwock -- she slap he . the bodyguard be on he foot . goon hey !! crack -- Amy kick he hard in the shin . goon ... awooooo ! amy -- effective immediately !! she stride to the door , leave norville rub he cheek and the goon hopping around on one leg . fade out : fade in : close shot - picture of amy pull back show it to be she identification in she hudsucker personnel file . a hand bring into frame another picture of she -- this one a newspaper clipping . she stand on a podium accept a award ; stand behind she be middle - age identical triplet . the caption say , " Amy archer of the Manhattan argus receives pulitzer Prize . " wider angle we be in mussburger 's office . mussburger be seat at he desk look at the file picture and clipping ; the sign letterer / scraper be lean over he shoulder , have just put they down . mussburger hmmm ... thank you , aloysius . this may be useful . aloysious nod wordlessly and turn to leave . as we track in on the picture of Amy , we : fade out : fade up to : perfect white after a beat , a woman enter against the unblemish white background , dress in a flow white dance robe , trail a long , diaphanous veil . she perform a flowingly sensuous dance moderne ; the music be a sensuous saxophone solo with lasciviously bend blue note . after the woman have be dance for several beat norville enter , dance after she , pursue she . he be wear a coatless suit , he sleeve roll up , he thin tie loosen . the woman dance around he , let she diaphanous veil trail sinuously around he body . we hear a echoing voice : voice ( o.s. ) buddy ... say , buddy ... close shot - norville sitting in he desk chair , sheen with sweat , eye close , lick he lip . closer now : voice ( o.s. ) buddy ... ya busy ? norville huh -whuh ? he open he eye and look stuporously about . buzz be grin down at he in he little pillbox elevator cap . buzz look like ya nodd off there , buddy ! say , ya get a minute ? norville clear he throat . norville oh , uh ... buzz ... be it important ? buzz I like to think so ! it 's this little idea I be work on ! he turn a easel to face the desk . buzz ... ya see , I do not intend to be a elevator boy forever ! take a look at this sweet baby ! the easel display a oversize sheet of graph paper . onto it have be render a top view , which be a perfect circle , and a side view , which be a vertical line . norville gaze stupidly at the circle . buzz ... ya get it , buddy ? incredibly convenient , be not it ? ya see -- he produce a tall glass of lemonade with a straw sit in it . buzz -- this be how it work , it 's this little ridge on the side that give it its whammy ! see , ya do not have to drink like this anymore -- he hold he head over the glass to drink from the vertical straw . buzz -- now you can drink like this -- he bend the straw to drink from it at the horizontal . buzz ... I call it the buzz-sucker , get it , buddy ? -- after I ! buzz ! why , people be just dyin ' for a product like this , and the great thing be we will not have to charge a arm and a -- norville , who have be stewing , finally bark : norville wait a minute ! he grab the lemonade glass , look at it , sneering . norville ... why , this be worthless . buzz huh ?! but , buddy -- norville yank the straw out and crumple it up . norville this be the most idiotic thing I have ever see in my life ! buzz yeah , but , buddy -- norville nobody want a hare - brain product like this ! ya see , buzz , it lack the creative spark , the unalloy genius that make , uh ... he pause to belch . norville ... say , the hula hoop such a success . buzz but , buddy -- norville and what do you mean barging in here and take up my valuable time ! I have get a company to run here -- buzz but , buddy , you be -- norville -- I can not have every deadbeat on the hudsucker payroll pester I with they idiotic brainwave ! buzz geez , I be sorry , buddy -- norville a example must be make ! buzz look over he shoulder , turn back to norville . buzz wuddya mean , buddy ? norville fire ! you be fire ! be that plain enough for you , buster ! buzz 's jaw drop . his elastic chin strap snap under the pressure . buzz awwww , buddy -- norville and do not call I buddy ! out of here ! out ! buzz sink to he knee , weep . he clutches pathetically at norville 's pants leg . buzz aw , please , sir -- this job , it 's all I get ! norville get up ! buzz I understand if ya do not like the buzz-sucker ! just lemme keep my job , I be prayin ' to ya ! norville we do not crawl at hudsucker industry ! get out of my office ! leave you uniform in the locker room ! buzz stumble away , still weep . buzz I be sorry , buddy ... I be sorry ... norville buzz ... off ! ha-ha-ha-ha ! as we track in on norville , laugh , there be a low , unearthly rumble , and he face seem to dissolve into : flame we pull back from the flame of sid mussburger 's oversize lighter as he finish lighting a cigar . he be sit alone in the boardroom , but its door swing open and norville enter wear plaid knicker , a little cap , and a knit shirt that show he waist start to bulge . he have a full golf bag over he shoulder . norville sorry I be late , sid . that back nine at riverdale be really murder . mussburger sure , sure , it 's a tough course . well thanks for come , kid . I think the board room would be a swell place to chat undisturbed -- it seem we be have some security problem here at the hud . norville ya do not say . mussburger mm. ordinarily I would not bother you with it , but -- this be embarrassing , kid -- it seem to concern you directly . norville how 's that , sid ? mussburger it 's not important in itself -- some elevator boy you fire come to I claim you would steal the idea for the , uh , the hoop dingus from he -- norville huh ?! he -- no , I -- he 's just -- maybe I be a little rough on the boy , ya see I -- mussburger ah forget it , kid , ya do not have to explain to I . he 's a little person . he 's nothing . like I say , ordinarily it would just be a nuisance . but it seem -- well , there be a spy in the company ... he be shove a file towards norville , who open it . mussburger ... sure , sure , we try to kill the story . but she newspaper will not play ball ... look like she story 's come out ... we track down the length of the board room table toward norville , who stare horrify at the file . mussburger ... see , kid , the problem the board will have ... you hire this woman . kept she on , while she make a chump out of you . serious error of judgment ... I mean , business be war , kid -- ya take no prisoner , ya get no second chance . and a boner like this ... I be afraid when the board meet , after New Year 's , you position ... well , it look like you be finish ... stick a fork in ya , you be do ... wash up ... we lose mussburger from frame as we tighten further on norville , mussburger continue off : mussburger ( o.s. ) ... I be sorry , kid . I understand this dolly who betrayed you , she use to be a friend of yours ... norville be slowly drag the golf cap off he head . mussburger ( o.s. ) ... and this elevator dope use to be a friend , too ... norville stare , perfectly still . mussburger ( o.s. ) ... well , they have get you throat pretty well slit . and when you be dead , ya stay dead . ya do not believe I , ask waring hudsucker ... yeah , look like curtain . well , condolence , kid ... norville 's image turn to : black -and -white image of norville we pull back to show that it be on the front page of the Manhattan argus . the headline , in scream nine - point type : fake ! next to the picture of norville be the subhead : idea man a fraud . next to the sub-subhead be a picture of buzz in he elevator - operator 's pillbox hat : stole Hoop idea from genius Elevator jockey clarence " buzz " gunderson . amy ( o.s. ) you can not print that ! chief he grin wolfishly . chief we be printing it ! she 's hittin ' the street this evening -- swish pan to : smitty -- and she 's dynamite ! amy but , Al , it 's the bunk ! norville show I he design for the whatsit the day I meet he ! why buzz could not have invent it -- look at the man -- he 's a imbecile ! chief archer , you be a break record . fact be gunderson do design it -- apparently he 's some kind of prodigy -- amy say who ?! smitty you be not the only one with source , Amy -- chief Smith have a source on the hud board -- very senior , very hushhush -- amy yeah , and I will bet he initial be sidney J. mussburger ! smitty you have lose it , aim . you have go soft by the look of it -- soft on the dummy from dubuque -- amy muncie ! chief whatever ! it 's no dig on you , archer , but this story be hot and you be no longer on top of it . why , it 's the scoop of the century -- the other papers will not have the gunderson dope ' till tomorrow -- the allemeinischer Zeitung , Le figaro , they will be choke on we dust come mornin ' -- amy you be fool , both of you ! it 's obvious they be out to crucify norville ! they be try to destroy he ! chief ( gently ) Amy -- take a break . you have work hard on this story -- heck , you break it for we ! but it 's pass you by and Smith here have take up the slack . she be near tear . amy you want slack , I will give you slack . you be not put I out to pasture , Al , I quit ! consider this my resignation -- she turn to smitty -- amy -- effective immediately ! -- and swing -- but he catch she before contact , hold she by the wrist , and sneer : smitty ... Soft . Amy swing she free arm to -- thwack -- blindside he other cheek . norville in flicker black - and -white , he be lie on a couch that have be bring into he office , gaze listlessly at a bend straw , be interview by someone o.s . the footage be rough , take a moment to find focus ; the sound be tinny . german voice ( v.o. ) dell I vat be first zing droppensie head ven I menzhon ze vord ... Zex ? norville ( v.o. ) ( listlessly ) aww , what 's the difference . board member sitting in a darken board room , gaze off at a screen that send flicker light onto he face . german voice ( v.o. ) und ven I zpeak of authority ? norville ( v.o. ) awww , I dunno . back to screen german voice ( v.o. ) eggzplain please ze zignifikanz of ze straw . norville ( v.o. ) nuthin ' , really . another angle a shadow be throw across the screen as a figure step into the beam . he throw the sharp silhouette of a strict freudian analyst : Van dyke beard , pince - nez with chain trail down to he vest , one thumb hook into the vest , the other hand hold a cigar wreathing smoke , which he wave for emphasis . analyst patient dizplay liztlessness , apathy , gloomy indifference und vas blue und mopey . the image on screen cut to four inkblot . the analyst sweep in a pointer and thwok each image as he comment on it . analyst ... ven ask vut four rhorschach stain reprezent , patient reply , ' nussink much , ' ' I do not know , ' ' chust a blotch , ' und ' sure beat I . ' another angle the image onscreen cut to a close shot of norville on the couch , mouth listlessly agape . analyst ... patient show no ambition , no get - up - und - go , no vim . he be riding ze grand loopen - ze- loop -- image cut to a sine wave on a graph , the top of which be label " euphoria , " the bottom of which be label " despair , " and a reference line through the middle label " normal . " there be a X on the decline side of the wave , near but not yet at the bottom , which be label " patient . " analyst -- zat go from ze peak of delusional gaiety to ze trrrroff of dezbair . patient be now near -- but not yet at ! -- ze lowest point ; ven he reachensy bottom he may errrrrupt und pose danger to himself und uzzer . mussburger casually puffing on a cigar . mussburger diagnosis , Dr. bromfenbrenner ? bromfenbrenner ( analyst ) patient be eine manic-depressive paranoid type B , mit acute schizoid tendency . mussburger so patient be ...? he interrogatively twirl a finger ' round he temple . bromfenbrenner prezizely . knot . the board murmur . mussburger prescription ? bromfenbrenner sree sink ! kommitment . electroconfulsif therapy . maintenance in eine zecure wazility . as he score each point it be illustrate on the screen behind he : a patient be force into a straitjacket by two brawny , unshaven attendant ; electricity arc between two lead on a wire cap be wield by a technician ; and lastly , a steel - bar door be slam shut behind a stoop and break patient who be lead , shuffle , away . here the film run out , chatter , and the screen go white . the projector be shut off and the light go on . the board politely applaud . int . bar - close on barman he have a vandyke beard and wear a cut - off sweatshirt and dungaree and dark glass , and have the phone wedge into he shoulder as he tear open a large cardboard box . barman yeah , just get down here -- he say he 's a friend of yours ... he will not say , but man , be he from squaresville . he hang up and we hinge with he to bring the length of the bar into view . norville dishevel , be on the other side bellow . norville I want a martini ! it 's New Year 's Eve and I want a martini ! barman daddy , it 's like I be tellin ' ya -- norville I think you serve misfit here ! the barman be take roll - up blow - beeper out of the cardboard box and load they into tumbler to set along the bar . barman yeah , daddy , that 's a roger , but we do not sell alcohol . norville what kind of bar be it if ya can not get a martini ?! barman it 's a juice and coffee bar , man , like I be tellin ' ya -- norville I want a martini ! on this bar , right now ! I have have a martini in every bar on the way down here , and I be not about to -- barman martinis be for square , man . suddenly enraged : norville what would you call I ?! he start awkwardly peel off he suit coat . norville ... you son of a -- amy ( o.s. ) norville ! norville huh ?! he look stupidly about , the shoulder of he coat down around he elbow . he see Amy rush up . norville ... oh , it 's you ! lookin ' for a nitwit to buy you lunch ?! amy oh norville , I -- norville 's attention have already leave she . he look for the miss bartender . norville ( sway ) barman ! set be up , fella ! amy norville , I be sorry , I ... I try to tell you ... so many time ... it 's hard to admit when you have be wrong . if you could just ... find it in you heart to -- to give I another chance -- norville hey ! where 's that martini ?! amy just give I another chance , norville -- I can help you fight this thing . I know this last story be a lie ! we can prove it ! we can -- norville aww , what 's the difference . I be all wash up ... when you be dead , ya stay dead ... hey , fella ! amy well that just about do it ! I have see norville barne , the young man in a big hurry , and I have see norville barne the self - important heel , but I have never see norville barne the quitter , and I do not like it ! she start pump she arm , slowly chant . amy ... fight on , fight on , dear old muncie . she step back off the stool . norville watch she dully , he head sway . amy ... fight on , hoist the gold and blue ; you will be tatter , tear and hurtin' once ' the munce ' be do with you ! goooooo eagle ! she look hopefully for some effect , but after stare at she for a slack - jaw beat norville can only bring out : norville you lie to I ! I can not believe you lie to I ! a muncie girl ! he lurch off he stool toward the door . watch he , despair fight with confusion on Amy 's face . amy but norville ... I ... she realize that , though shattered , he be still the simple innocent she love -- amy ... oh , norville ! -- and burst into tear . two loud reveler reel into frame , one of they uncurl a blow - beeper at the weep Amy . reveler # 1 happy newby -newby -new ! reveler # 2 1959 we dig you the most ! ext . anne be as norville exit . it be night , snow . we pan with norville off the bar facade and , ending the pan in the f.g. : newspaper wipe up into frame . next to a picture of norville be the headline " muncie mental case . " the subhead : " hud Chief to tend daisy . " sub-subhead : " headshrinker call him walk time bomb . " newsie ( o.s. ) extra ! extra ! New Year 's Eve edition ! norville 's hand enter frame to push the newspaper away and leave we look up the empty street . norville 's back enter as he stumble off alone up the street , pull up he coat collar as he recede , the newsie 's voice continue : newsie ( o.s. ) ... Ring out the old ! Ring in the new ! close on norville trudging . voice well up , echoing . a face loom with each voice , hellishly light , superimpose over the walk norville : voice ( v.o. ) ... you be not so slow but you be not so swell either and it look like you be a imbecile after all !... noooo , I do not guess you will be here long ... sure , sure , but even there they call you dipstick ... lamebrain ... dope ... schmoe ... and be this sap from chumpsville ?!... imbecile after all ... norville , you let I down ... you let Mrs. eisenhower down ... you let the american people down ... imbecile after all ... imbecile ... I predict you be go to lose all the good thing you idea bring you ... please , buddy ...! when you be dead , ya stay dead ... sure , sure , the kid 's screwy -- it 's official ... this last voice and super face be mussburger 's . norville dissolves away to leave we on sidney in the : int . boardroom hellishly bottom - light board member sit around the table , conical New Year 's hat on they head . mussburger , the only one not wear a cap , wave he cigar as he continue to talk : mussburger ... the bar - window boy be out look for he now , and we will see how Wall Street like the news that the President of hudsucker industry be head for the booby-hatch . why , when the doc get through with he he will need diaper and a dribble cup ... the board murmur appreciatively . mussburger ... let I remind you that we secret post - New Year 's party will be hold in the office of the President shortly after midnight tonight . remember , it 's strictly stag , so leave the wife at home ; we will be show some film and , yes , gentleman , there will be exotic dancer . louder murmure . one board member leer , a trace of spittle at the corner of he mouth . mussburger well , if that 's all ... with a unnatural rumble he straighten he papers and we ... jump up to : high nightmarish dutch angle of the assemble around the table . all Long live the hud ! norville norville trudge on , faster , sweatier . voice ( o.s. ) Ring out the old ! Ring in the new ...! people come and go , laugh , talk , blow noisemaker , make merry . voice ( o.s. ) ... Ring out the old ! Ring in the new ! Ring out the -- thoomp !! norville have run into someone . he look up , daze . voice ( o.s. ) hey , watch where you be -- say , buddy ! it be buzz , the elevator boy , dress in a ill-fitting tuxedo and a conical party hat . Za - Za be on he arm , tower over he , leer at norville . norville -- uh ... buzz , I be sorry , I -- buzz , you gotta forgive I ! I should not a fire you , I do not know what I be do ! I be a little funny in the head , I -- buzz aw , buddy , I do not care about that . norville be stunne . norville ... you do not ? buzz Nah , that 's all forget . norville ... it be ? buzz sure , Mr. muss -- uh , sid say I could have the job back . norville absolutely , buzz , I be glad he -- buzz but he tell I you steal that swell hoop idea from I . what give ! norville but , buzz -- buzz say , that be a swell idea ! norville but , buzz , you know I never -- buzz and sid say you steal it ! norville but buzz -- za - za well wuddya wait for , clarence -- ? pop he one ! boffo ! buzz swing and norville hit the snow hard . buzz think about that , idea man !! norville groggily raise he head . passerby say , be not he that lunatic ? norville look dopily up at the people in fur and party hat start to gather . voice ... that big -shot faker ... the Wall Street fraud guy ... nuttier than a fruitcake ... they say he 's a menace ... wuddya waitin ' for , call a cop !... we hear siren . norville stagger to he foot . the crowd cringe . voice ... he 's on he foot ... we can take he ! norville burst through the crowd , run . buzz start give chase , follow by the brave soul , follow by the entire mob . norville run , gasp , turn a corner . voice ... down here ! he go down here ! behind norville , the crowd round the corner , lead by buzz . a van be screeching to a halt and out jump two burly unshaven man in white , one of they hold open a straitjacket , the other carry a large butterfly net . they join in the chase . norville turn down a alley . a drunk droop off a lamppost gaily wave a bottle at he . drunk Ring out the old ! Ring in the new ! the crowd be run past the mouth of the alley , miss the turn -off . limestone floor norville , gasp , crash down into frame , he hand break he fall against the limestone . the camera spin ninety degree to reveal that it be not floor but wall he have run into and be now lean against . norville look up , sweat , gasp . he Pov the massive hudsucker Building loom dizzily up towards the star , cap by the huge hudsucker clock . distant voice ( o.s. ) Ring out the old ! Ring in the new ! hudsucker lobby norville stagger in . a gust of icy air that come in with he flap a dropcloth off a huge shape that dominate the lobby : it be the heroic statue of norville that we earlier see he pose for . norville reel over to it , stare dumbly . statue mutely -- mockingly -- dignify . norville he stagger off to the elevator . mussburger's office we be tracking across the office toward mussburger , he foot up on he desk , laugh demonically , smoking he cigar . click -click -click -click -- the perpetual motion ball swing on he desk ; thrummmmm -- the sweep second hand of the clock , illuminate now , cast a move shadow that roll across the floor . evil prevail . a piece of paper and a pencil lie on he desk ; as we approach we pan down and swing around to read it , losing mussburger but still hearing he laughter . moving in on the paper : musssucker industry . hudberger industry . sidsucker industry . this last alternative have be circle in red . below it have be scribble : sidney J. mussburger , President . evil laughter . sweep shadow . CUT to : norville's office door we be tracking in toward the back of aloysius , the sign painter , who be stoop in front of the door . he look back over he shoulder , leer past the camera , to reveal he work : under president norville 's name have be scrape away , and paint in be sidney J. mussbur ... norville he push past the sign painter . int . office Dark and empty . norville be peel off he coat as he stagger over to the closet . we can hear distant revelry and the strain of " auld lang syne . " norville have pull he old mailroom apron from the closet and be put it on : hudsucker mail room / the future be now . norville look at the door . through the glass we see the tail of the last R of " mussburger " be paint into place . norville throw open the window . wind whistle . he climb out . ledge norville , back against the wall , look cautiously down . we hear distant chanting : voice ( v.o. ) ten ... nine ... eight ... seven ... he Pov a sicken drop . receding snowflake . on the street far , far below , a lone car 's headlight cut through the fall snow . voice ( v.o. ) six ... five ... four ... wider on norville we be floating in ; it be the shot with which the movie begin . the sweep second hand of the hudsucker clock be approach the 12 of midnight , the New Year . in sync with the clock the chanting continue : voice ( v.o. ) Three ... two ... we have come in close on norville . a lone tear run down he cheek . voice ( v.o. ) ... one ... bong ! the toll be right at norville 's ear . startle , he reach up to press hand against he ear . distantly : voice ( v.o. ) happy New Year ! bong !! he can not stand it . whimper , hand to he ear , he edge he way back toward the window . he Pov the open window at a steep angle . someone inside slide it shut . back to scene norville wave . norville no -- bong !! his gesticulation and a shuffle step upset he balance -- he trip -- fall -- catch the ledge -- norville -- no , please ! he be hang onto the icy ledge by he fingertip . his foot dangle away . snow fall . he Pov look steeply up . clock its second hand be make its descent . norville falling . mussburger laugh . second hand descend . norville falling , turn lazily in the air -- and suddenly , with a great moan sound -- he stop , suspend in mid-air , head down , foot in the air . it be much like the freeze frame on waring hudsucker that the title of the film be super over . he wave he arm , to no effect , look around . people in STREET frozen in attitude of laughter , celebration . snow sift silently down around they motionless body . mussburger in he office , freeze with a idiotic laugh paste to he face . he perpetual motion ball frozen , one ball swing out but suspend , hang at the apex of its arc . outside the great arched window , snow fall . norville he alone can move , but do not fall . he look awkwardly about , he body in a dive - bomber attitude , cant steeply down . ext . hudsucker clock its sweep second hand be arrest on its downward sweep . whining noise emanate from within . close shot - great gear the broom handle have be jamme between two cog , stop they . we pull back along the handle to reveal mose , who have thrust it there , and who now turn back over he shoulder to address the camera . mose strictly speakin ' , I be never spoze to do this but ... have you get a better idea ? norville twist back to look up over he shoulder ; there be a distant -- very distant -- singing . he Pov look up the length of the hudsucker Building . someone or something wrap in white be fly toward we , come down from the star . we can make out a male voice , accompany by strumming : voice ( v.o. ) she will be comin ' around the mountain when she come , she will be comin ' around the mountain when she come ... norville he gape . angel -- for it be a angel , arrive . he be a bald man , wear rimless glass , in a white robe , large feathery wing sprout from he back and beat heavily until he come to rest , in midair . he put aside the harp he have be strumm on a nearby windowsill . angel Love that tune . how ya doin ' , kid ? norville Mr ... Mr. hudsucker ? hudsucker ( angel ) ta-daaaa ! present himself , he spread he arm and stamp he forward foot , forget that there be nothing beneath he foot to stamp . he lurch forward , momentarily lose he balance . hudsucker ... wooooo ! he rights himself . the halo spin lazily over he head have be jarre askew . with a flick of he forefinger he rights it . hudsucker ... how d'ya like this thing ? they be all wearin ' they upstairs now . he blow a dismissive raspberry . hudsucker ... it 's a fad . he pat at he robe , produce a white cigar . hudsucker ... anyway . I hear you have be have , uh ... he casually flick he thumb out of he fist , lighting it . he light the cigar off he thumb , take a puff . hudsucker ... be have some problem with the board . the more thing change , know what iyayayeeeeee ... pain remind he that he have forget to extinguish he flame thumb , which he now wave frantically about . hudsucker ... Jesus Christopher -- that smart ... where be I ? oh yeah , the board . I guess sidney 's be puttin ' the screw to ya , huh , norman ? norville norville . hudsucker mm. well , say what you like about the man 's ethic , he 's a ball - to - the - wall businessman . beat ya any way he can . straight for the jugular . very effective . norville yes sir ... hudsucker anyway . any particular reason you do not give he my Blue letter ? I mean , Jesus , norman , just a die man 's last word and wish , no big deal . norville huh ? oh , geez , Mr. hudsucker , I apologize , there be a awful lot of excitement and I guess I must have mislaid -- hudsucker it 's sittin ' in you apron pocket , right where you leave it . imbecile . norville reach in and -- pull out the wrinkle Blue letter . norville oh , geez . hudsucker failure to deliver a Blue letter be grounds for dismissal . norville geez , I -- hudsucker ah , it 's New Year 's , I be not gonna add to you woe . I be just say . norville yessir . hudsucker well , why do not ya read it . norville Sir ? hudsucker yeah , go ahead . might learn somethin' . norville yes sir ... he tear open the envelope , read : norville ' from the desk of waring hudsucker . to. sidney J. mussburger . regard . my demise . dear sid . by the time you read this , I will have join the organization upstairs -- a exciting new beginning . I will retain fond memory of the many year you and I -- ' hudsucker yeah , yeah , it 's the standard resignation boilerplate -- go down to the second paragraph . norville ' many year , uh ... I know that you will be wonder why I have decide to move on , end my tenure at hudsucker , and here on Earth . you will be think , why now , when thing be go so well ? grant , from the standpoint of we balance sheet and financial , sure , sure , we be do fine . however , sid . this thing have long since cease to give I pleasure . I look at myself now and no longer see the idealistic young man who start this company . now I see only a empty shell whom other call a ' success . ' how have this come to pass ? when and why do I trade all of my hope , dream and aspiration , for the emptiness of power and wealth ? what the heck have I do ? as norville read hudsucker casually examine he fingernails , then pat down a yawn . norville '... look back now , sid , I see that I allow time and age to corrupt my dream . instead of fiercely guard what be timeless inside of myself , I let the hubbub of earthly commerce erode my character , and dissolve my better self . how be it that some manage to preserve themselves where I have fail ? sidney , I do not know . perhaps if other love you , you may more securely love yourself -- but I be alone . I love a woman once , sid , as you well know -- a beautiful , vibrant lady , a angel who in she wisdom see fit to choose you instead of I ... ' norville be interrupt by loud blubber . he look up . hudsucker be weep loudly into a white handkerchief . he saw at he nose , give it a loud honk , and urgently quaver in a voice strangle with emotion : hudsucker skip this part ... he wave he hankie in get-on- with - it circle . hudsucker ... last paragraph , last paragraph . norville look down the page . norville '... and so , sid , the future do not belong to such as I -- nor even you . we have make we compromise with time . the future belong to the young , who may more energetically wage the battle against corruption . accordingly , in the spirit of hope , and the ringing in of the new , I hereby bequeath my entire interest in the company , and my seat on the board , to whomever be hudsucker 's most recent employee at the time of my demise . I know this will disappoint you -- you , sid , who have serve so diligently and for so long . but -- ' hudsucker -- tough titty toenail ! he roar with laughter . hudsucker ... that will show the bastard ! he merrily wipe he eye . hudsucker ... yeah , go ahead . norville '... but sid , let I urge you to work closely with the new president , and to keep give hudsucker industry all you energy -- but not you soul . for while we must strive for success , we must not worship it . Long live the hud. waring hudsucker ... ' norville give a musingly appreciative nod . hudsucker ... geez . please with himself : hudsucker yup . it 's all there . well , see that it get deliver in the morning . hudsucker pick up he lyre and head back up toward the star . hudsucker sheeel beeee ... mussburger's office mussburger still sit freeze in he chair . outside the great arched window hudsucker rise , through the fall snow , on he way back to the heaven . hudsucker ... ridin ' six white horse , she will be ridin ' six white horse she will be ridin ' six white horse when she come ... we hear a great wrenching SOUND from the gear room next door . gear room mose pries the broom handle loose from the great gear . with a low moan the clockwork start to shudder and turn -- sweep second hand lurching forward -- perpetual motion ball swing down -- ext . pavement as norville fall the last few foot and land on he face with one last mighty bong of the hudsucker clock . boom down from a tavern sign that say ann' 440 , down to the front door , which norville be enter . int . ann be sitting halfway down the bar be Amy , stare morosely into a coffee cup . at the CUT we be tracking back , pulling away from she . norville enter , come up next to she and make the go eagle sign , hook he thumb in front of he nose and spread he finger . two familiar voice narrate the scene , sounding a little tipsy : lou ( o.s. ) what the heck 's he doin ' , benny ? Amy look at norville , startle . after a moment she reciprocate the sign . benny ( o.s. ) what the heck 's she doin ' , Lou ? lou ( o.s. ) what the heck they doin' ? norville and Amy embrace . benny ( o.s. ) you know what they be doin ' now , Lou . lou ( o.s. ) this I know , benny . benny ( o.s. ) this you be familia ' with . we pull back end looking across a elbow of the bar , toward norville and Amy , now in wide shot . resting on the bar in the extreme f.g. be two champagne glass , half - full of fizzing champagne . norville and Amy kiss . lou ( o.s. ) ... geez . benny ( o.s. ) ... geez . we hear labored , raspy breathing . lou ( o.s. ) ... y 'all right , benny ? in a quavering voice : benny ( o.s. ) ... yeah , I be ... it 's just ... it 's beautiful , Lou ! Lou also be beginning to sound choke up : lou ( o.s. ) it be beautiful , benny . almost weep as norville and Amy continue they embrace : benny ( o.s. ) ... it 's the most beautiful t'ing I ever see . lou ( o.s. ) it 's the most beautiful t'ing I ever see . a bartender enter to block we view of norville and Amy . he be youngish , with a beat goatee , wear dungaree and a sweatshirt with cut - off sleeve . he look to either side at benny and Lou . bartender you cat comin ' from a party ? benny cabby ' affair . lou hack ' New Year 's gala . bartender crazy . get you anything else ? sangria ? carrot juice ? herbal tea ? reverse angle we see benny and Lou be sit side by side at the bar . Lou wear a fake whispy beard and white eyebrow and a long flow robe ; he hold a fake scythe . on the bar next to he sit a large hourglass . lou bromo . benny be wear nothing but a oversize diaper , a baby bonnett and a sash across he hairy chest and thick belly that say " 1959 . " he chuck himself in the heart , cock he head and suck in air , then blow it back out . benny ... bromo . blue letter lying on the boardroom table . as a hand enter to lay a wristwatch on the table next to it , we hear the voice of mose , the old maintenance man . mose ( v.o. ) and so begin 1959 . the new year ... the hand reenter to lay down a wallet , and then to deposit a burn cigar in a ashtray . mose ( v.o. ) ... and the start of a new business cycle . when he learn that norville own the comp'ny , ol ' sidney be upset at first . we tilt up to show that mussburger be walk toward the boardroom window . board member silently remonstrate with he as he try to wrench it open . mose ( v.o. ) ... it 's a good thing Doc bromfenbrenner be there ... Doctor bromfenbrenner stand to one side watch , brow furrow , a pencil press to he lip . mose ( v.o. ) ...' cause he be able to keep sidney from harmin ' he ol ' self . we ... CUT to : barred door be slam behind sidney who , straight - jackete , be puffing on a cigar as he be lead away . mose ( v.o. ) ... now norville , he go on a ' rule with wisdom and compassion ... boardroom again . norville be eagerly point at a design he have up on a easel : under the head brand new be a large circle . the side view be a flat line . mose ( v.o. ) ... and start dreamin ' up they excitin ' new idea again . you know , for kid ! the board member look at the design , puzzle . norville take a drop cloth off of a piece of plastic on a pedestal . he have the board 's complete attention . mose ( v.o. ) ... a ' that 's the story of how norville barne climb away up to the forty - fourth floor of the hudsucker buildin ' ... he pick up the plastic disc and as he sail it we ... CUT to : outside as it float out the boardroom window . mose ( v.o. ) ... a ' then fall all the way down , but do not quite squish hisself . we boom up , away from the boardroom , to the great hudsucker clock . mose ( v.o. ) ... ya know , they say there be a man who jump from the fortyfifth floor ... but that 's another story . heh - heh - heh ! ya-heh -heh -heh ! we fade out on the clock as mose ' laughter grow distant and end music swell . the end