the hebrew hammer written by Jonathan kesselman over black , we hear the first few bar of jingle bell . the music morph into a ominous score . with a thunderous boom , come a title card read " hanukkah past . " ext . public elementary school - day we start on jesus on a crucifix , and then violently crane down to reveal mordechai ( 10 ) , a timid little hasidic boy stand nervously at the foot of the statue . behind morty be a wall with the graffiti phrase " hanukkah be 4 homos " scrawle across it . he clutches he Sandy koufax lunchbox tightly as he look off into the distance . he 's get quite a large bulge in he pants for a child he age . we see a menace , extremely wide angle shot of the school . superimpose over the picture be the word , " ST . peter , paul , and mary public elementary school . " mordechai take a deep breath , and walk towards the school . ext . schoolyard - moment later mordechai walk past a row of bleacher occupy by four gentile child . gentile boy 1 hey mordechai , look . I drop a penny . he drop a penny . the other child cackle . the gentile girl next to he hold up a bag of bagel . gentile girl 1 hey mordechai . want a bagel ? gentile Boy 1 feign choke . gentile boy 2 hey Jew nose , save some oxygen for we . more laughter . morty attempt to take it all in stride . we push into gentile girl 2 , a severe look puritanically dress child as she turn to face the camera . gentile girl 2 hey morty , my mom say that unless you people wise up and accept Jesus Christ as you lord and savior you be all go to burn in hell . Dead silence . the other child exchange " now that go a little over the line " look . the silence be break by the sound of the schoolbell . morty gather himself , and walk off . int . classroom - later as morty hold a small gift wrap box in he hand we hear a tinny version of the song dreidel , dreidel , dreidel . he tear open the wrapping paper to reveal a dreidel . he look at he gift , and then look off -screen . we pan with he look to reveal ... a group of Christian child congregate around a large , garishly decorate Christmas tree . a very Vegas merry Christmas sign flash as a larger - than - life hi - FI version of the Christmas song jingle bell blare . the child festively slap high fives as they open they present . we cut to a slow - motion cu of gentile Boy 1 enamor with he brand new atc motorbike . we cut to a slow -motion cu of gentile girl 1 . she wear a " I Love Jesus " T-shirt and hold a adorable dog with a bow affix to its head in she arm . it lick she on the face . we cut back to mordechai . he look down at he pathetic excuse for a present . he 's on the verge of tear . gentile Boy 1 call to mordechai as he drive he atc . gentile boy 1 hey everybody ! look what mordechai get . Nice spin top morty . the other child take notice of mordechai 's gift and begin to laugh . mordechai be crush . mrs. highsmith ( 40' ) , a incredibly waspy teacher put down she copy of ' modern w.a.s.p. , ' and appear genuinely concerned by the teasing mordechai have weathered . she walk over to comfort he . mrs . highsmith now , now class let 's not make fun of mordechai 's spin top . we need to all learn the importance of tolerance and understanding . be not that right mordechai ? mordechai yes Mrs. highsmith . mrs . highsmith so class , in honor of mordechai 's special day , I would like for all of we to wish morty a heartfelt merry ... she look to mordechai for confirmation on the word . mrs . highsmith ( cont 'd ) ( stumble ) cha-noo-kuh Day 7. in unison , the class attempt to repeat the word , but all suffer various degree of pronunciation problem . mrs . highsmith ( cont 'd ) very good class . I hope you have all learn a important lesson today . just because mordechai 's people be different from we ... just because they might appear strange to we with they furry hat , they beady eye , and they long sideburn ... not to mention they bizarre custom and unnecessarily guttural , funny sounding name ... just because they control all of the world ' money , yet be too cheap to buy they child anything better than spin top for present , do not mean that we can not learn to respect and love they as we equal . she squeeze he cheek . mrs . highsmith ( cont 'd ) happy chanoo-juah - kah Day 7 morty . a reaction shot of the mortify morty . CUT to : ext . ghetto STREET - night a sullen mordechai wander the street . absurd XMAS decoration , horrific in they appearance blanket the street . morty glance a grotesque faux reindeer with fang . we hear a growl noise as it light up . he walk quickly away in fear past ... a storefront we track with morty as he pass a storefront window . Inside , the clerk turn a sign outward read , " jews not welcome . " we continue with morty as he pass by a second storefront . a similar sign read , " kyke go home " be turn outward by another clerk . he continue past yet another building as a sign read , " monotheist need not apply " be display by a third clerk for morty 's benefit . morty look across the street . a sign hang from a storefront read " jews ok for about 5 minute . " the FOURTH clerk give he the thumb up . morty find a spot on the sidewalk outside the building and pull out he dreidel . he spin it , and we hold on the spin top for a few beat as morty stare at in wonderment . suddenly , a huge black boot come crash down into frame and smashes the little dreidel . mordechai slowly look up . a menace santa claus give he the finger , and exit frame as we hear he sadistically laugh o.s. the word " Ho , ho , ho " at morty . we start close on mordechai . rage fill every inch of he face . as we slowly crane away , the open credit begin as the hebrew hammer theme song kick into full gear . CUT to : title sequence as the jewxploitation music pump , metallic slashes rip through the screen line by line , spin into place to form a Star of David . the title , " the Hebrew Hammer " slam into frame . title card : hanukkah present ext . the chood - day we start close on a gift wrap hanukkah present . we pull back a bit as mordechai jefferson carver ( 29 ) , aka the hebrew hammer , a baaad jewish brother spin the package in he hand as he saunter down the street past a latke stand . he 's a semitic super stud straight out of a 70' blaxploitation flick . he toss the gift to maccabee , a young hasidic boy . hammer happy hanukkah maccabee . macabee tear open the wrapping paper and hold up the gift - a Hebrew Hammer action figure . he beam . we cut back to the Hammer as he smile back . from o.c. , we hear maccabee say ... maccabee ( o.c. ) thanks Hammer ! the Hammer smile back and walk off frame . another part of the chood we begin on the Hammer 's black boot and slowly tilt up as we dolly back with he . the Hammer pass a line of three jewish princess who swoon as he pass . he stop below the sign of a butcher shop that read , " 100 % kosher meat . " we push into he close up as he blow they all a kiss . the pubic area of they dress moisten in synchrony . the Hammer wink back . a old woman call to the Hammer from the window of a second story flat . old woman Hammer , why do not you come eat by we for shabat . my Miriam be all grow up now . God willing , you should settle down and marry . we punch in to a close up of a demure Miriam as the Hammer take stock of the goods . she be a atrociously ugly girl wear orthodontic headgear , and bespectacle with a pair oversize librarian 's glass . the Hammer shake off he wave of nausea . hammer thanks for the invite Mrs. kleinman , but right now G dash d' the only one for I . old woman I can dig it . the Hammer continue on down the street . the old woman and Miriam be frame in the bg . old woman ( cont 'd ) Hammer , you be the baaddest hebe this side of tel aviv . the Hammer stop for a second and smile at the compliment . hammer ( to himself ) shabat shalom ! he walk off frame . ext . ghetto alley - moment later some teenage gentile boy play keep away with a yarmulke belong to shlomo , another young hasidic kid . shlomo give it back ! give I back my yarmulke ! teenage gentile hey teddy , throw I the frisbee . teddy ( the non-speak teen gentile ) throw the yarmulke , and we follow it as it spin towards another teenage gentile . the other teenage gentile excitedly extend he hand to catch , but right before it reach he another hand come into frame and snatch it . he look up , and we cut to he ... Pov as we tilt up to reveal the Hammer . he look pretty damn big and piss off from this angle . the teenage gentile begin to shake and stammer . teenage gentile ( cont 'd ) we ...we be go to give it back . I swear to god . hammer do you just take god 's name in vain ? teenage gentile no , no . it ... it 's not like that . we be just about ... hammer just about to leave , right ? teenage gentile yeah , yeah , that 's right . we be just about to leave . c'mon teddy . the two run off . the Hammer look down to shlomo . his spirit seem break . hammer you alright ? shlomo I guess . sometimes I wonder why I even bother praying to one god . hammer hey , hey ! be proud of who you be . you be a bad , bold , big -nose , biblical brother . you feelin ' I ? the kid 's morale be boost . shlomo yeah . you be right . hammer aveenooh shalom alechem little brother . the Hammer pound he fist into he chest ala the Black panther . the kid return the gesture . shlomo thanks Hammer . the Hammer point at he as he leave . hammer stay jewish . ext . ' hebrew hammer investigation ' office build - day the Hammer walk up the stair and past the sign advertising he office . the Hammer theme music wind down , punctuate with shaft-like brass hit . however , the brass hit become incredibly overblown and extraneous . the Hammer walk back into frame from the stairway to he office . he look around strangely for the source of the music . int . ' hebrew hammer investigation ' office build - moment later tikkva ( late 30' ) , the Hammer 's very nasaly laawng Island secretary , file she nail furiously as the Hammer enter the office . a muzak version of the Hammer theme song play over the office PA system . hammer happy hanukkah tikva . tikva happy hanukkah morty . the Hammer toss he shtreml and we whip with it as land squarely on the hat rack . we cut back to the Hammer . he 's wear a yarmulke . hammer so , what 's shakin ' yenta . tikva well , for stahter , you mother call . she say to remind you that you be have shabat dinner by she tomorrow , and also to remind you to bring the manischewitz , and she want I to relate the follow information to you . hammer okay , what 's the information ? tikva she say to remind you that you be have shabat dinner by she tomorrow and also to remind you to bring the manischewitz . the Hammer let this sink in . hammer anything else ? tikva yeah , I be go to be out of the office from 1:30 to 3:00 on Sunday . I have a terrible yeast infection and I need to see my gynecologist . hammer but we be not open on Sunday . tikva I understand that . I just think that you might want to know . hammer ( beat ) I will be in my office . the Hammer walk into he private office and shut the frost glass door . we hold on what 's stencile on the outside of the door . the lettering read , " mordechai jefferson carver - certify circumcise Dick - State of New York . " yet tbd transition to : ext . NORTH pole - day a establish shot of Santa 's workshop . the lettering " NORTH pole - santa's workshop " be superimpose over the picture . int . santa's conference room - day santa claus ( o.s. ) I want to start by thanking all of you for pull yourselves away from the workshop to make this emergency meeting . I know it 's the busy time of the year for all of you , so I will try and be brief . as Santa speak , we begin on a painting of a meek and frighten look Santa Claus . his eye look fearfully to he right . below the picture frame be a plaque read " St. Nick the nervous. 1871 - 1941 " , we continue a slow dolly to the right on to the next picture . we see another Santa Claus , much more treacherous in he appearance . his eye be fix menacingly on the picture of Santa to he leave . the plaque below he picture read , " St. Nick the nasty 1941 -1970 . " we continue we dolly to the right , finally end on a painting of a jolly , portly Santa . below he picture the plaque read , " St. Nick the nice. 1970 - Christmas present . " we cut to a wide shot of a Conference room . the same nice Santa Claus from the last picture address a handful of elve . two reindeer flank Santa on either side . they nameplate hang from they neck - " blitzen " and " rudolph . " at the other end of the table from Santa sit he son damian , quite a nasty look man . santa claus ( cont 'd ) my father , often refer to as St. Nick the nasty , be a tyrannical man . he be obsessed with make Christmas the only holiday anyone could celebrate before the New Year . since he death , I have pride myself on ensure that the Christmas season be one of tolerance and understanding between all race and religion . it 's always be my belief that hanukkah and kwanzaa deserve the same respect as Christmas . damian whisper to a elf on he right hand side , and then make the jerking off motion with he hand . santa claus ( cont 'd ) light please . as rudolph 's nose dim , so do the light in the room . Santa pick up a remote in he hand , and turn on a slide projector . santa claus ( cont 'd ) over the course of my career as Santa Claus , I have make it my mission to ensure that Jews , Christians , and African Americans could all observe they respective holiday in harmony . we see a slide of the hebrew hammer , a African american man ( Mohammed ) , and Santa Claus arm in arm below a banner in a mall read " happy holidays ! " santa claus ( cont 'd ) I be responsible for push the happy holiday ordinance , in which all merry Christmas signage be replace by the trans-relgious and inoffensive phrase ' happy holiday . ' we see another slide in which a assembly of schoolchildren be sing . santa claus ( cont 'd ) it be nearly a decade ago , in conjunction with we friend in the jewish and African american community that I support a bill that mandate that ' dreidel , dreidel , dreidel ' and ' I be dream of a bright kwanzaa ' be teach and sung in elementary school along with the Christmas standard ' frosty the snowman ' , and ' deck the hall . ' which be why upon examination of my annual naughty and nice list it shocked I to discover that my own son , damian ... damian , preoccupy with the cigarette he 's attempt to light , look up in response to he name . a brown bag bottle of booze now sit on the table in front of he . we can see Santa and the reindeer in silhouette on the slide projection screen behind he . santa claus ( cont 'd ) the heir to the Red suit could be so fill with hate . Santa address damian . santa claus ( cont 'd ) damian , when I learn of you ludicrous scheme to wipe out hanukkah , my first reaction be one of disgust . now , I be only fill with sadness and disappointment . disappointed that I fail to teach you the true meaning of Christmas . what do you have to say for yourself ? we be a slow push into damian as he ponder the question . the cigarette dangle from he lip . rudolph nod to blitzen . blitzen return the gesture with a nod of acknowledgment . with a slow and measure pace damian say ... damian ho. ho. Ho . on the slide projector screen behind damian , we see the silhouett image of blitzen and rudolph gore Santa through the chest with they antler . damian cringe . blood trickle from Santa 's mouth , and with he last breath he utter the word ... santa claus et tu , blitzen ? Santa fall out of frame with a thud . stand behind he with bloody antler be blitzen . damian walk over to the newly decease Santa , take he bloodstain Santa 's hat , and put it on he own head . from this point on in the screenplay , damian will now be refer to as santa . the elve in the room , in various stage of shock , stare at they new master in horror . santa what be you fuck midget look at !? get back to work ! we have hanukkah to destroy ! STAR of david wipe to : ext . the jewish defense league - day a building resembling the Pentagon with the exception that it 's shape like the Star of David . superimpose over the picture be the word , " jewish defense league . " int . the jewish defense league - day a smoky chamber reminiscent of the Senate or the United Nations . a giant banner read " hanukkah now ! , " illustrate with a hasid in silhouette with he fist raise , cover the back wall behind the man . as with the Senate House Committee , various faction of the jdl sit behind plaque describe the group they represent . we see member from : the anti-defamation League , Jews against drunk driving , etc . a chair belong to the COALITION of jewish athlete be empty . the floor be chaotic . the jdl Chief bang he gavel and yell ... chief gentleman ! his plea for silence be ignore . chief ( cont 'd ) gentleman ! please ! still chaos . he flip a light switch on and off a few time as he say ... chief ( cont 'd ) sheket b'vakasha ! sheket b'vakasha ! the entire hall respond in unison ... hall hey ! the room fall silent . every member of the jdl sit straight up with they hand fold in front of they . chief the time for action be now . we predict that the St. Nick Day massacre will put hanukkah - Christmas relation back at least a hundred year . with this meshuggena new Santa Claus in power , hanukkah be in jeopardy . we first order of business be to put into motion a plan to create goodwill towards the jewish Community . Mr. Chairman of the worldwide jewish media conspiracy . harvey weinstein sit before a plaque read , " harvey weinstein - chairman worldwide jewish media conspiracy " harvey weinstein yes Chief . chief we need you people to crank out a couple more award win documentary on the holocaust , possibly a new Adam sandler movie . the chairman of the anti - defamation league pipe in . adl chairman not another Adam sandler movie ! harvey weinstein what 's wrong with Adam sandler movie ? adl chairman we be try to create goodwill here . I just think ... harvey weinstein frankly , I do not care what you think . I think you be a putz . the plaque read " anti-defamation League " be clearly frame in this shot . adl chairman ( beat ) do not defame I . I be against that . chief focus people . we next order of business be to assign a agent to track Santa 's activity . step in and use force if the situation call for it . we need to put the toughest Jew we have on the case . suggestion ? suggestion , anybody ? one of the jdl member call out . jdl member 1 what about Steven spielberg ? chief c'mon , he make ET . we need someone tough people . a second member call out . jdl member 2 what about itzahk perlman ? chief he 's in a wheelchair for cry out loud . we stay on the chief while we hear offscreen ... jdl member' 3 and 4 ( o.s. ) Allen Greenspan ? Henry kissinger ? chief too old . adl chairman Joe lieberman ? chief miss in action . jdl member 1 Robert Shapiro ? chief he 's a lawyer . we be look for heros people . harvey weinstein David copperfield ? chief what 's he gonna do , make Santa disappear ? think people think . we need a hard hittin' hebe on this one . at the back of the room , esther ( 25 ) , a semitic siren , push she way to the front . a black skirt cover every inch of she sexy figure . esther what about mordechai jefferson carver ? the hall fill with hushed voice as the various member of the jdl whisper to one another . chief the Hebrew Hammer ? no. no way . after the way he handle that situation in the West Bank ? he 's the only Jew in the world too extreme for the jdl . there 's a reason why we kick he out of we rank , sweetheart . we need a man who can follow order . a man with self - control . we need a man ... the council elder , a sage look elderly jewish man interrupt . the plaque in front of he read , " sage elderly jewish leader . " council elder ... we need a man who can get the job do . esther daddy , he 's we only hope . and you know it . the Chief nod he head reluctantly . adl chairman only problem be , ever since we kick he out , he want nothing to do with we . there 's no way we can persuade he to come back . esther lift she skirt a few inch . esther perhaps I can persuade he . STAR of david wipe to : int . hebrew hammer investigation - private office - day a shoddy low -rent office replete with Film noirish lighting via the blind . the Hammer fiddle with a dreidel as he sit with he foot propped up on he desk . his shtreml hat be skew to one side and a toothpick dangle from he lip . hammer ( v.o . ) it be the day before hanukkah when she stroll into my office . there be knock at the door . hammer ( cont 'd ) come in . the door open to reveal a long denim skirt cover every possible inch of flesh . we tilt up the length of the skirt to reveal esther . she be breathtakingly sexy . the Hammer quickly remove he foot from the table . esther approach he desk and sit . esther Mr. jefferson carver ? hammer please , call I mordechai . hammer ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) from the way she carry herself I could tell she would be around the block a few time ... esther sorry I be late . traffic be a pisher , and I have be circle the block for the past half hour look for parking . what be you listen to ? hammer ( v.o. ) oh , the thing I would do to she if I have the ... the Hammer attempt to press stop on he tape recorder , but accidentally fast forward to another part of the tape . we hear the sound of sexual intercourse . the Hammer scramble for the stop button . hammer ( cont 'd ) client note . sorry . ( beat ) what can I do for you ? esther my name be esther . Chief bloomenbergensteinenthal from the jewish Defense League desperately need to speak with you . hammer how be old Chief bloomenbergensteinenthal ? be he still shtooping every girl he can get he hand on ? esther ( annoy ) actually , he day of marital infidelity have long since past . now he just shtoop my mother exclusively . the Hammer make the realization . hammer you mother ? oh. whoops . esther mordechai , Santa Claus have be rubbed out by he son damian . the man 's a demon . there 's no tell what this new anti semitic psycho Santa be capable of . hammer I be sorry to hear about Santa . he be a good friend , but my day ... the Hammer stop himself and glance over esther 's shoulder . in the doorway stand a blonde bombshell in a mink coat . blonde bombshell Mr. Hammer ? I would like to hire you to put a tail on my husband . I think my life might be in danger . I think he want to kill I . hammer sorry shiksa , I think you get the wrong office . I be the Hebrew Hammer . Mike Hammer 's down the hall . the blonde bombshell be confuse for a moment . blonde bombshell oh . she leave . hammer listen . esther , you seem like a nice girl , so I be only gonna say this once . I no longer affiliate myself with that organization . the politics there be brutal . besides , I have already get a full case load . esther look down at he desk . we cut to a shot of the Hammer 's in / out box . both be completely empty , and thickly coat with spiderweb . the Hammer take notice of she expression of skepticism . hammer ( cont 'd ) that 's ...uh ... that 's all do electronically now . still a look of disbelief . esther why be you be so difficult ? all my father want be to just speak with ... hammer I hate to cut you short , but in a hour the sun go down , and then it 's officially the sabbath . I can not work on the sabbath . this be where we be go to have to part way boobola . the Hammer grab he overcoat from the coat rack . esther get up as well . esther I be not leave you side until I get you to agree to come speak with my father . it 's obvious the Hammer 's amused by she persistence . hammer be my guest . but I have to warn you , I be go to my mother 's for dinner tonight . and if you think I be difficult , wait till you meet she . the two walk towards the front door of the office . esther ( solemnly ) before we leave , there 's just one more thing . I notice that the sign on you door say you be a certified circumcise dick . would you mind if I ask to see you credential ? the Hammer look directly into the camera and shake he head proudly . CUT to : ext . mrs . carver' house - shabat we start on the outside of the front door as we hear the ding of the doorbell . mrs . carver , the epitome of jewish motherhood open the door . for all the gentile read , I think I might digress for just a moment . jewish mother ( adj . ) a complicated and charismatic package of the follow quality roll into human female form : intense , judgmental , overbearing , manipulative , lack boundary , yet fiercely involved , loving , and protective of she child . get it ? mrs . carver mordechai ! shabat shalom ! the Hammer pull a bottle of wine out from a paper bag . hammer shabat shalom mama . I bring some manischewitz . the black label . mrs . carver I can see . and you also bring a nice girl to come eat by we . Mrs. carver forcefully grab esther into a embrace resembling a bear hug , and begin to plaster she with sloppy kiss . esther be visibly overwhelm by it all as the kissing and embrace continue for a bit too long . Mrs. carver place she tongue into esther 's ear canal as a sign of affection , force esther to break the embrace . Mrs. carver and esther look at one another strangely for a awkward few moment . mrs . carver ( cont 'd ) so . do you have a name ? esther it 's esther . mrs . carver ( she sigh ferclempt ) from the story of purim . ( to Hammer ) well , now that we be all acquainted , let 's sit down and start the sabbath . CUT to : title card : 4 hour later int . mrs . carver' dine room - 4 hour later the Hammer and esther grasp they stomach which protrude from underneath they slightly unbuttone shirt . plates of half - eat food be everywhere . on the table , on the dining room furniture behind they , etc . hammer oy vey , I be stuff . esther I do not think I could eat another latke if you pay I . Mrs. carver enter the dining room through the kitchen door carry a enormous platter load with serve dish after serve dish of food . mrs . carver everybody ready for the main course ? esther and the Hammer exchange look . hammer Mom , I think we have have enough . Mrs. carver place the food on a dresser opposite the kitchen table and then sit . mrs . carver ( hysterically ) nonsense young man . you will eat everything in front of you . after all , there be people starve in China . be not that right mun chi ? we cut to a previously unseen end of the table . mun chi , a skin and bone elderly chinese man look up in response to he name . the plate directly in front of he be still pristine . he mutter something in chinese and then reach for a chicken wing on a platter in the middle of the table . Mrs. carver smack he hand away with a wooden salad spoon and then glare at he . mrs . carver ( cont 'd ) not until mordechai finish everything in front of he . Mrs. carver direct she pierce stare at the Hammer . mrs . carver ( cont 'd ) mordechai !? ( beat ) so , esther , how do you and mordechai meet . you know they call he the Hebrew Hammer for a reason . esther cough up some of she food . the Hammer interject . hammer Mom ! esther work for the jdl . they send she to try and recruit I back to save hanukkah for they . what she do not seem to understand be that nothing , not even god himself could convince I to ever work for they again . esther but hanukkah 's in dan ... the Hammer cut she off . hammer not my problem . if you will excuse I now , I need to use the bathroom . he stand and leave . Mrs. carver stare lovingly at esther . mrs . carver you like my mordechai , yes ? esther he 's ... he 's very nice . ( desperately ) but Mrs. carver , the fate of hanukkah rest solely in he hand . please , you have to help I . mrs . carver hanukkah , shmanukkah . it be not even one of the high holiday . what concern I more be that my boychick be almost thirty , and have yet to settle down with a nice jewish girl . ( beat ) I will make you a deal . I will help you with you little hanukkah problem if you help I with my mordechai . esther ( confused ) what do you want I to do ? mrs . carver he work too much . God forbid he should have a nice jewish girl come eat by he once in a while . take he mind off he work . maybe a blowjob here and there . esther begin to choke again . mrs . carver ( cont 'd ) be this something you could do for I ? the Hammer call out from the bathroom . hammer Mom , where do you keep the plunger ? mrs . carver ( yell ) it 's under the sink by my tampon ! esther appear panicked . mrs . carver ( cont 'd ) so , do we have a deal ? in the bg , we hear the toilet flush . the Hammer begin he walk back to the table . esther deal . the Hammer sit down . hammer so , what do you two lady discuss while I be go . esther begin to speak , but Mrs. carver interrupt . mrs . carver I be just tell you nice friend esther about how I use to have such a problem with the gas . ( to esther ) so , once I start take two charcoal pill before I eat , the gas clear itself right up . esther play along . esther thanks . that 's ... good to know . Mrs. carver turn she attention towards she son . mrs . carver mordechai . do you love you mother ? hammer Mom , stop with this already . of course I love you . you be my mother . mrs . carver then how come you will not stop this certify circumcise Dick nonsense and get yourself a real job . hammer Mom , I have a real job . I do good thing for this community . I help people . mrs . carver when I play bridge with all the girl , everyone have what to talk about with they son . they show picture . they son be lawyer and doctor and rabbis . why can not I show a picture ? hammer ( angere ) so do not show a picture . mrs . carver you know my friend Maureen ? her son , the investment banker ? he pay for she entire retirement in boca raton . what a mench he be . instead of schleping to save hanukkah , god forbid you should go back to business school and get a mba . maybe then you could send I to boca , too . this put the Hammer into a neurotic fit . hammer oh . oh , what . so , all of a sudden my save hanukkah 's not good enough for you ? be that what you say ? Mrs. carver throw she arm up in resignation . mrs . carver I do not want to argue with you . let 's just eat in peace . hammer no . no . we be gonna argue . and you know what mom ? I be go to save hanukkah just to spite you . and when my face be all over the television . when you friend be open they hanukkah gift next year , do not mention it to they , okay ? I would not want you to have to show my picture . mrs . carver do what you must . Mrs. carver look at esther and wink . mrs . carver ( cont 'd ) ( to esther ) such a good boy he be . the Hammer shake he head in frustration . Mrs. carver become very animated . mrs . carver ( cont 'd ) mazel tov ! mazel tov , a tabby with two paralyze back leg wear a diaper slide itself across the floor . with each writhe motion we hear a very distinct swishing noise . Mrs. carver pick the cat up and place it in she lap . mazel tov make a strange , unhappy noise . mrs . carver ( cont 'd ) what 's that mazel tov ? you diaper need change ? Mrs. carver pull off mazel tov 's diaper while it still sit in she lap . she play with undiaper cat 's two good paw . mrs . carver ( cont 'd ) ( to mazel tov ) let 's let you tuchus breathe . hammer Mom , why do not you put that cat out of its misery ? mrs . carver ( extremely offended ) because it be not god 's way . when you spend the fourth grade in bed recover from you bout with hypoglycemia , do I put you down ? no. mazel tov will lead a full life just like the rest of we . be not that right mazel tov ? the cat purr back at she . she take the cat from she lap and place it on the floor . brown streak cover she white blouse . mrs . carver ( cont 'd ) anybody hungry for desert ? CUT to : ext . jewish defense league - sunday " jewish defense league - sunday - 0800 hrs - Year 5734 " be type out sequentially over the image of the building . ext . jewish defense league front gate - continuous the exterior resemble any wall private residence with a front gate . the Hammer stand in front of the large , metallic Star of David vault - like gate and push the button next to it . a computerize voice begin ... computerize voice Jew confirmation test initiate . he 's clearly irritate by this . hammer you have gotta be kid I . they be still do this ? computerize voice please state you full Hebrew name . hammer mordechai baruch netanyahoo . the vault - like gate slide open in a futuristic manner , and the Hammer step in . the gate shut behind he , and he find himself in a all white room . a microphone be place by another massive door directly in front of he . computerize voice please state the six dish find on the passover seder plate in alphabetical order ? hammer beitzah , charoset , chazeret , karpas , maror , and Zeroa . the second door slide open , and morty step forward into the next room . Inside this room lie a single violin in a case . computerize voice please demonstrate musical aptitude . the Hammer pick up the violin and begin to play ' hava nagila . ' he 's pretty damn good at it . the next door slide open , and Hammer step forward into yet another room . a drape , about four foot high off the floor , be stretch into a semi-circle against the wall of the room . computerize voice ( cont 'd ) please step forward and remove you undergarment . the Hammer step inside the drape , and drop he pants . a panel on the wall open , and a metal probe head for he shmekel . he be clearly uncomfortable with this bit of testing . hammer oooh . that 's cold . computerize voice circumcision confirm . the door slide open , and the Hammer quickly pull he pants up as he step into the next room . the room be completely empty with the exception of a one way mirror on the front wall by the door . computerize voice ( cont 'd ) final test initiate . nothing happen . the Hammer wait a few second , but quickly become agitate . hammer hello ? can anybody hear I ? I think this machine be break or something . hello ? ( to himself ) this be ridiculous ! I do not even want to come here . I shlep all the way out to the middle of nowhere , for lord know what purpose , and ... we cut to the other side of the mirror . the Chief observe the Hammer as he continue to whine . next to they , a meter with the label " whining scale " slowly grow in magnitude as the Hammer continue to rant . the meter bar go from red to yellow in color . hammer ( cont 'd ) I be so unhappy with this situation . why mordechai ? why do you always feel it necessary to do what other people want you to do ? why can not you be you own man ... chief come on . come on . the meter bar switch from yellow to green , finally pass the ' 0 - jewish ' mark . chief ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) he 's still get it . back inside with the Hammer , the door slide open , revealing the Chief to the Hammer . chief ( cont 'd ) welcome back Hammer . CUT to : int . jewish defense league - hallway - moment later the Hammer and the Chief make they way down the hallway . chief since you have be go Hammer , some thing have change around here . we agent be now subject to a strict physical training regiment . take a look . the Chief stop at a door label " goldsmith 's gym . " the sign be illustrate with a picture of a hasidic Jew squatting a dumbbell a la gold 's gym . the Chief open the door . int . karate room - continuous Inside , about five or so hasid deck out in white karate gi 's stand face the door . by the front door , a group leader , notice the Hammer , and walk towards the door . he bow with he hand fold in front of he as a sign of respect . the Hammer return the gesture . the Group leader shake he head in one last respect , and then turn away from the Hammer as he go back to he class . on the back of he gi be write the word " jew - do . " hammer a minion practice Jew - do , the deadly fight art . cool . chief there 's more . follow I . the two leave , and continue they walk down the hallway . a agent with he back to camera fiddle with some high - tech gadgetry that line the wall . chief ( cont 'd ) we have even relaxed we century old admission criterion . the Chief stop behind the man and tap he on the back . sammy davis jr. jr. , the spitting image of sammy , turn to greet the two . chief ( cont 'd ) mordechai jefferson carver , I would like for you to meet the jewish Defense League 's first black jewish agent . a close personal friend of mine , agent sammy Davis Jr. Jr . sammy davis JR . JR . the Hebrew Hammer ? I have hear about this cat . you beautiful babe . keep on keep on . the Hammer be a bit take back . hammer alright . I will , uh , keep do that . sammy 's all smile . chief sammy , if you will excuse we , mordechai and I have business to attend to . sammy davis JR . JR . you two cat keep purrin ' . int . the chief' office - day you standard 70 's tv police Chief 's office . the Hammer enter and the Chief shut the door behind he . chief alright mordechai , now that we be alone I just want to say that I be not happy about this . I do not want a repeat of that incident in the West Bank . hammer I get the job do do not I ? I do what I have to do . chief a settlement completely demolish , ten smashed army jeep , four dead Arabs . G dash D damn it , Hammer ! you think you be above the ten commandment ? just find Santa Claus and bring he back to we . no heroic , get it ? hammer ( smirk ) hey , it 's you bar mitzvah . I be just readin ' the torah portion . chief well it 's good to see that you can be so nonchalant about the whole thing . hammer ( think ) I guess I could be chalant about it , but then again I be not even sure if that 's a word . listen Chief , we could stand around argue all day , but I gotta case to crack . chief what 's you first move ? hammer I be gonna pay a visit to the k.l.f . see if they have get the 411 on Santa 's location . I will check in with you when I know more . the Hammer head for the door . chief you be careful Hammer . the Hammer walk out the door . the Chief call to he . chief ( cont 'd ) the fate of hanukkah rest squarely on you shoulder . a beat pass , and then the Hammer walk back in . hammer okay . you guy have seriously get to stop with that stuff . that 's a lot of pressure to put on one Jew . I be only human you know . I be already shvitze about the whole thing . you know , believe it or not , I be allow to make mistake , too . I can only do the best that I can do , and that 's just gonna have to be good enough for all of you . a reaction shot of the befuddle Chief . hammer ( cont 'd ) just ... just stop with that . okay ? alright , I be out of here . STAR of david wipe to : ext . ghetto street - day we see various shot of the Hammer 's caddy . the grill , the white wall tire , the fuzzy dreidel hang from the rear view mirror , etc . very ' superfly . ' ext . kwanzaa liberation front - day we start on a incredibly impressive look building . over this we see the word " kwanzaa liberation front " type out sequentially . the camera than tilt down to reveal a popeye 's Chicken . a black teenager scout the street with a pair of binocular . binocular Pov - instead of the usual two circle , we see the world through two cutout of the African continent . the Hammer 's caddy pull up . black teenager oh shit ! the teen run inside . the Hammer 's caddy pull up to a stop right at camera , give we a full view of the license plate . it read , " lchaim . " int . kwanzaa liberation front hq - moment later a handful of baaad brother , deck out in a mixture of African clothing and combat gear relax to the sound of mellow blaxploitation music . ' kwanzaa now !' poster and other pro-kwanzaa propaganda hang on the wall of the room , machine gun rest idly against sofa , blunt be pass around . we be talk Black panther here . a white accountant count money at a card table to the side of the room . the black teenager enter breathlessly . black teenager hey , yo , we get ourselves a visitor . o.s. , one of the baaad brother inquiry . baaad brother ( o.s. ) who be it ? black teenager it 's some pimp out Hebrew dude in a caddy . the man scramble for they gun , insert clip , and remove safeties . the front door bust open , and we dolly into the Hammer . all gun be train on he . from behind the frontline of gunman , mohammed , clearly the leader of the operation , push he way through . he walk towards the Hammer . you can feel the tension in the room . mohammed the Hebrew Hammer ! my main kike ! hammer Mohammed Ali Paula Abdul rahim . my main nigga ! the two embrace in a warm hug . the White accountant look up in shock from the card table . his nametag be clearly visible , and it read , " white accountant . " he point at Mohammed . white accountant you ... you just call he a kike . he point to the Hammer . white accountant ( cont 'd ) and you . you just call he a nigger . the Hammer and Mohammed look to one another . they be have a hard time understanding he concern . mohammed well it 's okay when we call each other that . the White accountant think it over for a second . white accountant oh . the other Brothers put they gun down and go back to they pre-hammer activity , and the accountant take he place back at the card table . Mohammed put he arm around the Hammer . mohammed so morde-chai , tell I , what bring you bad self down to the klf ? hammer I be back on the job for the jdl . you hear about that crazy white boy who take over as Santa ? mohammed oh , most definitely . get the brother here in full alert mode . the Hammer look over at the Brothers smoking weed , make out with they girlfriend , etc . Mohammed take notice . mohammed ( cont 'd ) gotta always be cool under pressure . you know what I be sayin . hammer true that . true that . so , what 's the word on the street ? mohammed Word be that papa 's get a brand new bag , and it 's velvety red , and it be not gonna be overnight fed - exed to Jerusalem . if you know what I mean . this clearly fly over the Hammer 's yarmulke . hammer actually , I ... I do not . what do that mean ? mohammed oh . it mean that Santa 's gonna fuck hanukkah 's shit up . hammer not if I can help it . you get any information for I ? mohammed I do not . but I know somebody who do . CUT to : another room Mohammed escort the Hammer through a love bead doorway into a back room . Inside , jamal , a black elf , sit on a sofa . a blunt hang from he mouth and he arm be wrap around two gorgeous sister . mohammed ( cont 'd ) jamal , I would like for you to meet the Hebrew Hammer . jamal pull he shade down slightly to get a better look . jamal ' sup . mohammed I would like for you to tell he what you tell I . jamal a'ight , a'ight , cool . yo , it 's like this . that nigga santy Claus be trippin ' . first that motherfucker kill he own pop , then he start talkin' ' bout bustin a cap in hanukkah 's ass . next , the racist motherfucker kick my ass out the workshop , sayin ' that there be not no room for no little color elve like I . can you believe that shit ? yo , if it be not for the arthritis in my joint , you best believe that I would be ... jamal make the sideways gun hold gesture , and mock pull the trigger . jamal ( cont 'd ) ... blam ! blam ! blam ! bustin ' cap all up in he ass . you know what I be sayin ' ? hammer be there anything else you can tell I ? his hangout , he next move , anything ? jamal think for a second . jamal well , come to think of it , there be one thing . before I leave , I be packin ' up my shit and I overhear the nigga talkin ' to some business pahtnah or something . sayin that he would meet he today at some joint call Duke 's . round five o'clock if my memory serve . when he get off the phone and jetted , I scope the room for some jewelry , cash , whatever . you know , a severance package . do not find any ducket , but I do snatch this . jamal pull out a matchbbok from he pocket . the front cover read , " duke be - where skin be in . " he hand it to the Hammer . hammer thanks little brother , you have be a big help . jamal shit fool , be not no thang . if it be not for my real brother here at the k.l.f. , I would be shine shoe at the train station or get my afro toss up against a velcro wall in some redneck bar somewhere . I finally got a place where I belong . fuck Christmas . I be all about smoking blunt and pimpin ' bitch . I be all about kwanzaa nigga ! Mohammed and the Hammer head towards the door . mohammed he 's new . he 's still get a long way to go before he understand the true meaning of kwanzaa . hammer thanks again Mo , you always deliver the goods . mohammed you watch you back Hammer . hanukkah might just be he first move . for all we know kwanzaa could be next . there 's a lot of brother count on you . if you fail ... hammer okay , look . I be go to work really , really hard on this one . but , please stop with the pressure . I be already tense as it be . mohammed it 's cool . it 's cool . aveenooh shalom alechem , brother . Mohammed pound he fist against he chest and then raise it . the Hammer return the gesture . hammer alekem salam . STAR of david wipe to : ext . CITY STREET - afternoon the Hammer 's caddy drive past a sneaky look salvation navy guy . we do you standard blaxploitation zoom into he as he begin to speak into the lapel of he uniform . int . santa's workshop - continuous Santa hold a walkie-talkie in hand and we the hear the voice of the salvation navy guy . although behind he hang a banner read , " santa's workshop , " the interior be a run down sweatshop . salvation navy guy ( o.s. ) it 's I . he 's on he way . santa excellent . everything be go as plan . Santa put the walkie-talkie down , and address somebody o.s. santa ( cont 'd ) with the Hebrew Hammer out of the picture , hanukkah will be nothing more than a confusing and hard to pronounce word . I want to thank you very much jamal for all of you help . we cut to the other side to reveal whom he 's speak to . jamal , the same black ' elf ' from the kwanzaa Liberation Front sit at the table across from Santa . jamal pfff . shit nigga , be not no thang . hey , yo santy Claus , so do this mean that you gonna make I a official elf now ? santa can you believe this guy tiny Tim ? Santa look over to tiny tim . unshaven , not so tiny anymore , and still on crutch , tiny Tim 's grow up since 'a Christmas Carol . ' a common street thug . c'mon , do you seriously think that scrooge would give free handout to the cratchit family forever ? tiny Tim shrug he shoulder . santa ( cont 'd ) take a look around you jamal . do you see any color midget in my workshop ? a shot of a couple of the same elve from the conference room slave away on the assembly line . santa ( cont 'd ) you presence would be a disruption to the utopian model of efficiency I have create here . jamal that 's some cold shit . the elve appear to be struggle with the speed at which the product move down the assembly line . the head elf step out from the assembly line and address Santa . head elf utopian model of efficiency my ass ! ever since you take charge , this place have be more like a sweatshop . the other elve stop work and vocalize they agreement with the head elf . head elf ( cont 'd ) we know we rights Santa ! you be in violation of the union regulation ! we be go on strike ! the other elve shout out they approval . Santa take it all in stride . santa you know something , you be right . the head elf be take aback by what seem to be a glimpse of compassion on Santa 's part . head elf really ? santa yeah . this be a sweatshop . and since you elve be not willing to do the work , I make arrangement to have some taiwanese child ship over . and I might add , they be more than willing to work for peanut . Santa perform the two finger whistle . santa ( cont 'd ) come on in boy ! a group of five taiwanese boy file past Santa towards the assembly line . as each child pass Santa , he hand they each a bag of peanut . at the assembly line , the taiwanese boy move like lightning as they gift wrap box clearly label " nikey , " " kathy lee clothing company , " and " starstrucks coffee . " the elve , include jamal , watch in amazement at they agility and efficiency . defeat , they shuffle out of the workshop . tiny tim so , what 's we first plan of attack Santa ? santa while I be in Taiwan negotiate the solution to we labor problem , I come across a factory that illegally manufacture the most addictive , jewish pride weaken substance on the planet . I buy the entire plant . Santa walk over to a fed-y truck overflow with large brown cardboard box mark ' product . ' santa ( cont 'd ) I want you and you man to target every young person in the jewish neighborhood of every major city of this country . I want you to flood they street with this product . tiny tim what should I charge ? santa oh , that 's the beauty of it . this be free sample . tiny Tim 's curiosity be peak . tiny tim so what 's in the box ? heroin ? Cocaine ? santa worse . Santa slit open one of the box with a large knife and pull out a videocassette generically label , " it 's a wonderful life . " santa ( cont 'd ) bootleg copy of the Frank capra classic , ' it 's a wonderful life . ' tiny tim that 's some cold shit . STAR of david wipe to : ext . duke's bar - day hard core punk music pour out from the inside of the bar . the Hammer walk into frame and look up at the sign . he curiously note the astro turf spread across the pavement , and then make he way for the front door . int . duke's bar - afternoon we dolly into the Hammer as he push open the western style door . the music come to a screeching stop . we hold on he cu as he look around . we cut to the other side to get a look at what he see - a bar of about ten skinhead stare back at he dumbfounded . skinhead paraphernalia adorn the wall . the Hammer maintain he cool , take a deep breath , and then walk towards the bar . we cut to a floor level shot as he STAR of david spur jangle as he continue he walk to the bar . he step up to the counter , where a skinhead bartender with a Manson -like swastika ink on he forehead study he curiously . hammer manischewitz . straight up . skinhead bartender usually we do not serve you kind . but since you have the ball to walk in here , kike , I will pour you one last drink before we lynch you . the bartender reach for a bottle of cherry flavor manischewitz wine . the Hammer interrupt he by clear he throat . hammer actually , can I have the black label ? the bartender eyeball he , and then grab the bottle of Black label manischewitz . he grab a glass from the rack , and begin to pour . hammer ( cont 'd ) I figure if this be my last drink , you might as well leave the bottle . the bartender stop pour and place the bottle on the bar . skinhead bartender be my guest . hammer do you guy take shekel ? I just get back from a trip in Israel , and all I have get be a fistful of shekel . he drop a fistful of shekel on the bar . a few skinhead slowly begin to approach the bar . the Hammer pick up the bottle and begin to examine it . hammer ( cont 'd ) 5733 . that be a good year for I . with one swift motion , the Hammer spin the bottle up to grab it by the neck , and thwacks the bartender on the head with it . all of the other occupant in the bar jump out of they seat , encircle the Hammer . we do a quick push into the Hammer as he pull out two sawed off shotguns from underneath he coat . hammer ( cont 'd ) shabat shalom , motherfucker . he point he weapon , and we ... CUT to : ext . duke's bar - continuous a wide shot of the bar . the camera be stationary . we hear the sound of shotguns blasting and then the sound of intense fighting . a few second of the fight sound pass . suddenly , the front door bust open and a few bloody skinhead fall out onto the ground , follow by the Hammer . he 's untouched , and he carry the bottle of manischewitz in one hand and a shotgun in the other . he stop in the midground , and pour the manischewitz out on the astroturf lawn in a methodical manner . he approach foreground , and pull out something from he jacket pocket . we see a cu of the same matchbook the elf give he . " duke be - where skin be in . " he light a match and toss it over he shoulder . we hear the sound of burst flame . the Hammer put he sunglass on , and walk straight past the camera . we pull back into a spinning overhead to reveal flame in the shape of the STAR of david burn on the lawn . fade to black . pusherman montage curtis mayfield 's ' pusherman ' fade up , and we cut into a still photo of tiny Tim with he arm around two hasidic boy in a a alley . the screen divide into third as we see cu 's of each character smile . still be constantly replace in time with the music . we see a still of money be exchanged , then hand be shaken . then a still of a videocassette be place into a vcr , a hasidic kid watching the tv , etc . the music continue as we ... CUT to : int . jewish home - day maccabee , the same kid the Hammer give the hanukkah present to earlier in the film , sit glue to he television set . o.s. from the television we hear someone approximate Zuzu from the film ' it 's a wonderful life ' say ... television set papa , papa ! mommy say that every time you hear the sound of a bell ringing a angel get he wing ! a jewish mother call to she son from o.s. jewish mother ( o.s. ) maccabee ! it 's time to light the menorah ! maccabee look over he shoulder in disgust , and then crank up the volume on the film until all other sound be drown out . CUT back to : pusherman montage more still depict the sale and distribution of the videocassettes . CUT to : int . another jewish home - night a second addict jewish child be glue to he tv set . drool slowly make its way down he chin . he get up , and we follow he into the live room where we find he parent . his father read a newspaper , while he mother be absorb in she knitting . addict jewish child Mom , dad . how come you make I jewish ? his parent look to one another in absolute shock . CUT back to : more pusherman montage more still ... CUT to : int . yet another jewish home - day a adolescent hasidic boy back he way through the front door into the kitchen . he 's carry a incredibly large christmas tree . we cut to a shot of he family , who watch this all go down as they sit at the kitchen table . the adolescent hasid finally get the tree into the house , and turn to see the rest of he family stare at he , mouth agape . adolescent hasidic boy what ? it 's a hanukkah bush . the family remain expressionless . the glass in he mother 's hand , slip from she grasp and shatter on the kitchen floor . ext . jewish ghetto STREET - day the Hammer 's caddy cruise slowly down the street . int . hammer' caddy - continuous thing definitely seem odd . the Hammer look out he leave window . two hasidic child decorate a giant Christmas tree on the street . he look to he right . a group of hasidic kid sing Christmas carol . the Hammer look through he front windshield . a kid be stand right in the middle of the road ! the Hammer slam on he break , skid to a stop just inch from the kid . it 's shlomo ( remember the kid the Hammer help with the yarmulke earlier ? ) , and he have a strange glaze look in he eye . shlomo hold a videocassette in he hand . the Hammer step out of the caddy , leave he car door open . we hear the annoying beep , beep , beep door ajar sound . hammer shlomo , you okay ? shlomo ( dreamily ) mommy say that every time you hear the sound of a bell ringing , a angel get he wing ! hammer huh . the car door beep again . the kid look to it , and the Hammer follow he gaze . shlomo mommy say that every time you hear the sound of a bell ringing , a angel get he wing ! the Hammer be baffle . he look down at shlomo 's hand and spot the videocassette . he grab it from he and examine at it . hammer bootleg ' it 's a wonderful life ' from Taiwan . the Hammer inspect the tape a little longer , and then give the label a huge lick . hammer ( cont 'd ) sixty five percent pure . damn ! people could get hurt watch this shit . ( to shlomo ) come with I . a Pov shot from inside the Hammer 's trunk as it open . Hammer stand with shlomo . Inside the trunk we see a box of video . the three on top read , " fiddler on the roof , " " yentl , " and " chaim potok 's the chosen . " the Hammer grab a copy of the chosen and hand it to shlomo . shlomo chaim potok 's the chosen ? hammer get yourself home and watch this as soon as possible . a hasidic kid on a bike with a Christmas tree in tow ride past the two . one of the ornament make a tinkling sound . shlomo mommy say that every time you hear the sound of a bell ringing , a angel get he wing ! the Hammer slap he out of he spell . hammer hey , hey , hey ! you can beat this . now get go . ext . jewish ghetto STREET - moment later the Hammer dial a number on the payphone . as he dial , he verbalize the number he 's call . hammer 555-55-555-55555 ... the Hammer struggle with the last number , but then quickly remember . hammer ( cont 'd ) ...5. it ring once , and then we hear the other line pick up . int . chief' office - continuous the Chief 's on the other end . intercut phone conversation hammer Chief , it 's I . listen carefully . I need for the worldwide jewish media conspiracy to mass produce video copy of every Hollywood movie ever make feature a positive jewish protagonist as its lead . chief you mean you want we to make copy of yentl , fiddler on the roof , and chaim potok 's the chosen ? hammer that will work . get they out to the jewish community stat . we get a epidemic on we hand . chief we be on it Hammer . how would you do with Santa ? hammer it be a trap . I be back at square one . chief well , then I have get good news for you . we just get word that he will be make a appearance at the mall of America today . I be send esther to meet you there at once . hammer good think . we will disguise ourselves as a gentile couple to pass undetected . now that he think I be dead , this should be a piece of homentashen . chief one last thing Hammer . you take care of yourself . the ... we cut back to the Hammer on the payphone . he hold the receiver away from he ear . he do not want to hear this . hammer the fate of hanukkah . right. right . yeah , get it . will do . okay , bye now . he hang up and leave . STAR of david wipe to : int . mall of america - day ' merry Christmas ' decoration and signage dominate the landscape of the establish shot of the mall . tiny Tim , walkie-talkie in hand , survey this Christmas wonderland with smug satisfaction . he spot a small , barely visible hanukkah decoration poke out from beneath one of the other Christmas decoration . he rip it from the wall and toss it into a small trashcan bonfire . tiny Tim speak into he the walkie-talkie . tiny tim one partridge in a pear tree to two turtle dove . what 's you status ? CUT to : another part of the mall two adult size Santa 's helper , tony and mikey stand with walkie-talky behind the nightclub velvet rope , and hold back the throng ( 15 - 20 extras ) of scream child attempt to make they way past the red curtain to see Santa . a huge ' citizen kane ' / Big brother style poster with a menace picture of Santa loom behind they . it read , " santa claus : he know if you 've be naughty or nice . " Santa 's staging area be very Studio 54 . both tony and mikey be deck out in addidas warm up pants , gold chain , etc . tony , very guido in he mannerism , reply into he walkie ... tony nothing stir here . a little blonde gentile girl tug on tony 's sleeve . blonde gentile girl can I be next ? please , please ! tony let 's get a look at you , shall we . the gentile girl pull she power muff Girls T-shirt down , allow the two to get a better look at it . tony ( cont 'd ) a power muff girl T. very nice . alright , now spin around . she twirl for the two . tony ( cont 'd ) very nice ! alright . you be cool . go on and see Santa , sunshine . a pushy , freckle face gentile boy step out of line and approach the two . freckle face gentile boy that 's not fair ! how come she get to go next ? we be here first ! tony oh really ! be that a fact ? well guess what buddy ? you be not gettin ' in to see Santa today , so why do not you just turn around and high tail it home . the kid begin to sob uncontrollably . freckle face gentile boy but I have be wait to see Santa all year . tony ape he . tony but I have be wait to see Santa all year . the kid be a pathetic mess . tony ( cont 'd ) you hear I . get move punk ! CUT to : the Hammer and esther scope out the area . the Hammer be disguise terribly , consist of a baseball hat on top of he shtreml , and a Jesus Fish T-shirt wear over he black suit . esther 's visibly nervous . esther any sign of Santa ? hammer he must be behind that curtain . relax . we be undercover . we need to give off the appearance of calm . you see esther , the trick to undercover work be to try and blend in . Act as a gentile would . the two pass a sample booth . the free sample woman solicit the Hammer . sample woman could I interest you in a free sample bacon cheeseburger ? we get a cu of the burger follow by a cu of the Hammer . he 's mortify , but he pull it together . hammer while I thank you , gentile friend , for you generous offer of that deliciously unkosher snack , I sadly have to decline for I stuff myself full of meat and milk product at a prior lunch engagement . the sample woman look at he strangely as the Hammer and esther walk on . esther you be good . the two take they place at the end of the line in to see Santa . tony perform the two finger whistle . tony can I have everyone 's attention please . in fifteen minute , Santa 's gonna have to leave . the kid all vocalize they disappointment . tony ( cont 'd ) ah , do not be like that kid . we gotta lot work to do if we be gonna get all that present out in time . the kid be not buy it . more boo and protest of disapproval . tony ( cont 'd ) hey ! hey ! you want shitty ass present for Christmas ? you want barby with head screw on backwards ? you want remote control car without the battery include . then be my fuck guest ! tony spit and grab he crotch as he turn back around to take he place in front of the velvet rope . esther survey they place in line . it 's about fifteen deep . esther what be we go to do ? we be at least a hour from the front . hammer c'mon follow I . the two make they way up to the front of the line . they pass a man who look eerily like ex-rapping god , mc hammer . esther ( to Hammer ) be that ...? no , could not be . tony hey , hey ! not so fast . hammer we have to get through . it 's a emergency . tony sorry pal , you be gonna have to wait in line just like all the other parent . esther adjust she bust . she 's incredibly sexy in she tight fitting denim jacket . she smile flirtatiously at the elve . esther we be so sorry to have to cut , but we beautiful gentile boy run on ahead of we in line . she put she hand on tony 's bicep and smile once again . esther ( cont 'd ) it would mean so much to Paul and I if you would let we through to see Santa . tony be putty in she hand . tony well ...umm , when you put it that way . sure go on through . tony unhinge the rope , and the two pass . the Hammer lean over to esther . hammer you be good ! CUT to : inside the curtain jimmy , a adorable six year old sit on Santa 's lap . Santa 's assistant , two busty blond name bambi and tawni , flank he chair . santa and what do the jewish people do during hanukkah ? jimmy they worship the devil and sacrifice small gentile child like I in bizarre , sadistic ritual . santa that 's right . Santa can tell that you have be a very good boy this year . run along now Jimmy . bambi and tawni escort Jimmy out , and re-enter with esther and the Hammer . Santa 's confuse . santa ( cont 'd ) sorry folk , I do not do couple . hammer if you keep you mouth shut and come with I , you will not get hurt . santa Excuse I ? do I know you , friend ? take a look around you . do you even know who I be ? the Hammer rip off he baseball hat and T-shirt . Santa gasp . hammer let I guess , you be the goy who steal hanukkah . santa the Hebrew Hammer ! you be alive . the Hammer take out he gun and point it Santa . hammer what 's you shpiel , Santa ? santa whoa , whoa there . c'mon mordechai , be this any way to treat a old family friend ? let 's cut out all the unpleasantness . I admit , I go way overboard with the whole hanukkah thing . let I make it up to you . how about a peace offer ? ( to bambi and tawni ) Girls . Santa snap he finger , and bambi and tawni drape themselves on either side of the Hammer , rub he arm erotically . santa ( cont 'd ) bambi . tawni . I would like for you to meet world renown semitic super stud , mordechai jefferson carver . bambi speak with a thick Southern drawl . bambi oh , I declare I just love jewish man . they be so sensitive and well read . esther be clearly jealous . the Hammer 's enjoy the attention . he look down at bambi 's breast . we be talk huge , obviously augment boobolas . a large crucifix chain hang around she neck , nestle in between the mound of silicone . we hear the requisite ding as it sparkles . the Hammer be release from the sexual spell of the gentile seductress . hammer sorry Santa . I like my woman like my matzah . unleaven . the girl move away from the Hammer . esther smile at the Hammer 's resolve . hammer ( cont 'd ) this be where you go down . suddenly , tony draw the curtain back . tony hey , hurry it up in there . we gotta bunch of kid ... he see the Hammer with he gun point at Santa 's head . tony ( cont 'd ) oh shit ! esther pull out she piece and point it at tony . esther back it up buddy ! he do . the entire crowd of child can now see what 's happen . hushed , fearful whisper . mc Hammer step out of line and plead ... mc hammer please Hammer , do not hurt they ' ! the Hammer do a double take . mc Hammer give a " do I just say that ? " expression . hammer let 's do this clean . I do not want to make a scene Santa . Santa stand up slowly with he hand raise . santa well , it 's a bit too late for that now , be not it ? Excuse I child , if I could have you attention for a moment . hammer what be you do ? santa I be just calming the kiddie . ( to child ) there 's no need to worry about Santa . he 's just have a peaceful , adult conversation with he nice jewish friend , the Hebrew Hammer . the Hammer play along , raise he hand to keep the child calm . hammer hey everybody . how 's it hangin ' ? santa in fact , he 's just inform I that he personally plan on cancelling Christmas this year . the Hammer and esther look to one another . this rile the mass . trouble . santa ( cont 'd ) why do not we show he how that make we feel . CUT to : a empty section of the mall - moment later we hold a few beat on a shot of this fairly untrafficked portion of the mall . suddenly , esther and the Hammer haul ass around the corner , run for they life . a second or two pass , and a angry mob of about twenty gentile child round the corner after they . they be definitely not in the Christmas spirit . the Hammer and esther take another turn . from the other direction a second mob of child head straight at they . the Hammer spot another corridor in front of they . hammer c'mon ! they run about a hundred yard before they hit a wall . a dead end ! o.s. we can hear the throng of child near in the bg . throng ( o.s. ) where would they go ? I see they go down that hallway . c'mon , let 's get they ' ! Hammer turn to esther defeat . hammer it 's over . we be doom . the barely audible sound of a gospelize version of the biblical slave song , " let my people go " sound as if it 's come from within the wall of the mall . esther shh . shh , listen . do you hear that ? the Hammer try to place the source . hammer what be that ? suddenly , a panel on the wall slide open to reveal a door . the other side of the door be dark , but it have a cavernous feel to it . a elderly jewish woman , harriet tubbelman , appear from out of the doorway . she smoke a corncob pipe . harriet tubbelman psst . Hammer , esther . this way . hurry ! harriet escort the two into the passageway , and the door slide shut behind they . int . cavernous room - moment later we appear to be in what look like the load dock for a ' it 's a small World after all ' type water ride . harriet lead esther and the Hammer into one of the wait car . the car kind of have a baby mose straw basket theme go on . the ' let my people go ' song , pipe from unseen speaker , be now at full strength . hammer you save we life . thank you . how can I ever repay you ...? harriet tubbelman ... my name be harriet tubbelman , but you can call I mose . the only payment I ask mordechai , be that you keep hanukkah safe for we all . she hand each of they a ticket and then lower the lap restraint for Hammer and esther , testing they to make sure they be secure . harriet tubbelman ( cont 'd ) you should be safe from here on out . just follow the river to it 's conclusion . she begin to walk away , but then catch herself as she turn back to face they . harriet tubbelman ( cont 'd ) oh yeah , and keep you arm and leg inside the water craft at all time . hammer where be we ? what be this place ? she smile with great pride . harriet tubbelman welcome to the Underground jewish railroad . just sit back , relax , and enjoy the ride . the brake on the water craft release , and the craft make it way from the load dock . Wide eye , esther and Hammer check out they surroundings . hasidic animatronic puppet sing of thousand of year of jewish oppression and persecution in a educational , yet oddly entertaining way . the Hammer put he arm around esther and continue to check out the attraction in wonderment . esther secretly glance at he affectionately . it 's clear she 's fall for he . we cut to a wide shot as we watch the craft disappear down the river . a funkdafy version of the " let my people go " song fade up and over the gospel version from the ride . ext . alley - day we see a non-descript door in the middle of a brick wall . two turnstile stand directly in front of the door . we can hear the muffle sound of the gospel version of " let my people go . " scribble on the wall be the graffiti phrase , " hanukkah now ! " the door open , and the obnoxiously loud music spill out into the street . the Hammer and esther exit , close the door , and push they way past the turnstile into the alley . hammer that get annoying fairly quickly . esther yeah , no kid . a carnival worker stand behind a makeshift ' Underground jewish railroad ' booth . carnival worker ticket please . the two hand the Carnival Worker they ticket . carnival worker ( cont 'd ) thanks for riding the Underground jewish railroad . if you plan on return today , please make sure to get you hand stamp before you leave the alley . hammer Nah , we be kosher . thanks though . the two walk past he . esther turn to the Hammer . esther so , now what ? hammer now we wait for Santa to make he next move . he give she a once over . she be stun . hammer ( cont 'd ) want to get a drink ? esther sure . why not . ext . the golden menorah - day you typical blaxploitation bar . it could easily pass for the lenox Lounge in harlem , with the exception of the large menorah shape sign out front . int . the golden menorah - continuous we see a bar pack with orthodox jews . a wall separate the man and woman in the bar run along the center of the room , stop about ten foot from the stage . Signs clearly demarcate this ' men ' and ' women ' section . onstage , a klezmer band play a rendition of a to be determine 70' funk classic . esther and the Hammer enter the joint . mid song , the bandleader notice the two walk in ... bandleader hey ! the Hebrew Hammer everybody ! the Hammer raise he hand in acknowledgment . the entire bar cheer and applaud . Hammer escort esther to a table on the woman 's side of the wall , and then walk around to the other side of the divider where he take a seat opposite the wall from she . the band begin a rouse version of " hava nagila . " a good majority of the man in the bar rush to the dance floor and begin dance zealously with one another . esther shout over the wall in a attempt to overcome the din of the bar . esther so , do you come here often !? the Hammer struggle to hear . he shout back to she . hammer what be that !? esther I say , do you come here often !? hammer oh . yeah , about once a week ! esther what !? hammer I say , yeah , about once a week ! esther oh ! a hasidic bar patron approach the Hammer and smile . hasidic bar patron would you like to dance ? we get another shot of the man dance together , arm in arm , on the dance floor . hammer I be okay right now . thanks though . as the patron leave , joshua , another hasidic man stand directly behind he take he place at the Hammer 's table . joshua hey morty , wanna cut a rug ? hammer Nah , I be good . I be kind of here with somebody . the Hammer motion to the wall . joshua look as if he feeling be hurt . joshua oh. okay . maybe next time . hammer yeah . maybe next time joshua . take it easy . as joshua leave , we get a wider shot of the Hammer 's table . a long line of men lead up to it . chaim feygele , a effeminate slick hasidic man , chest hair spilling out of he loosely buttone butterfly collar shirt , neck drip with gold chain , step up to the Hammer . he 's get a huge phoney smile plaster across he face . chaim feygele well shalom there mister ! hammer do we know each other ? chaim feygele no , but we have mutual friend . chaim point to the dance floor . another shot of man dance with one another , arm in arm . chaim feygele ( cont 'd ) the name 's feygele . chaim feygele . this guy be clearly make the Hammer nervous . hammer mordechai . my friend call I morty . chaim feygele so morty , I just love a man in a black suit . Care to dance . mordechai be flustered . hammer uhhh . you know , I ... have to go to the bathroom . I will be right back . the Hammer get up quickly and leave . we cut to esther 's side of the wall . the Hammer walk behind she while she check out the band on stage . hammer ( cont 'd ) hey there . she turn around , pleasantly surprised . esther hey . hammer do you want to get out of here ? she look relieved . esther I would love to get out of here . int . the hammer be pad - night a smooth , laid back blaxploitation era song pump from the speaker . we do a slow pan from the stereo into a tight shot of esther and the Hammer slow dance . sexy . esther grunt and moan a bit . we begin a slow zoom back from the two , eventually pull back far enough to see what esther 's moan about . the Hammer be a seriously terrible dancer , step on she toe , force she into awkward position , etc . we see a cu of the Hammer accidentally step on she toe yet again . esther ouch ! esther pull herself away from the Hammer . hammer sorry . I be better with man . esther ( sensually ) maybe we should try a different kind of dance . hammer you mean like disco dance or do the funky chicke ... oh. I get it . we see a tight medium shot of esther . her erect nipple be clearly outline through she blouse . now , the Hammer 's really get it . hammer ( cont 'd ) now we be talk boobola . esther mordechai ? hammer yes esther . esther I want you to talk dirty to I . hammer oh. okay . he think for a moment . hammer ( cont 'd ) I want to have lot of child by you . get a good pay , stable job . settle down in Long Island somewhere . someplace nice . Fancy . but not fancy schmancy . she 's warming up . hammer ( cont 'd ) I want for we child to go to private school and take music lesson . Little abraham will go to Stanford for college , batya will go ivy League , maybe Vassar . esther keep go . hammer afterwards they will make the decision as to whether or not they would like to continue they religious study in Israel . because , hey , after all we will have practice the highly effective assertive democratic style of child rear , sprinkle with a healthy dose of liberalism . she 's on fire for he . esther oh god , yes ! keep go ! do not stop ! hammer also , on a daily basis , I want you to tell I what to do , where to do it , and how I should live my life . esther kiss I you semitic stud ! she grab he and kiss he passionately . esther ( cont 'd ) ( playfully ) hmm . I feel something poke around down there . maybe I should investigate . what do you think about that Mr. certify circumcise Dick ? she begin to unzip he pants . we cut to a shot of a excited mordechai as we hear the sound of the unzipping of he pants reach its conclusion . a cu on she as she look down at he jewish manhood . a wide eye , almost shocked reaction . she slowly look back to he and smile slyly . esther ( cont 'd ) shabat shalom ! as the two embrace , we rack focus from the two of they in the bg to the hanukkah candle burn brightly on the menorah in the fg . we blur out of focus . dissolve to : ext . new york cityscape - morning the sun rise over the city . int . hammer' bedroom - morning we start close on the Hammer 's hand as he screw a light bulb into he electric menorah until it glow orange . esther caress the Hammer 's chest as the two enjoy a post coital cigarette . esther wow , that be amazing . the Hammer give she ass a smack , and then pick up a container fill with some kind of white powder . he snort a bit of it off of the Star of David chain that hang from he neck , and place the container of white powder back in its place by the menorah . esther be mortify . esther ( cont 'd ) what do you just snort ? hammer antihistamine . it 's for my allergy . the capsule make I gassy . she relax . hammer ( cont 'd ) you know , I have be think about what Santa 's get plan for we next . maybe he will ... she cut he off . esther you mother be right . you do work too hard . hammer oh , she say that , do she ? what else do mommy dearest have to say ? esther well , she also say that you need to find a nice girl to help take you mind off of you work . I be just glad she think I be good enough for you . the Hammer sit up . hammer when do you guy have this conversation ? when I be in the bathroom ? what else do she have to say ? esther relax morty , I think you mom be wonderful . she care so much about you . get this , while you be go she say she would help I get you to work with the jdl if I would come eat by you once in awhile . like I need any incentive to be with you . she 's so ... the Hammer go into a fit . hammer what ? you make a deal with my mother to sleep with I if I would help you ?! esther no . of course ... hammer what do that make you ? what do that make I ? and my mother . what do that make she ? he make a realization . hammer ( cont 'd ) oh my god . she 's become my pimp . and she 's whore she bitch - son out to the high bidder . esther no . it 's not like that . you be be completely neurotic . I be just play along ... he think aloud . hammer always meddle in my life . this be so typical of she . ( to esther ) but from you ? I think we have something good here . esther we do ! hammer I be sorry esther , I just do not think we can see each other romantically anymore . the phone ring , and the Hammer pick it up . hammer ( cont 'd ) Hammer here . we wipe into split screen . the Chief be on the other end . chief Hammer , it 's the Chief . we have get ourselves a situation . get yourself down here , I have get something you need to see . STAR of david wipe to : int . jewish defense league - MAIN chamber - day the Star of David vault - like door open , and the Hammer and esther hurriedly enter the room . the Chief wait for they . chief mordechai . thank god you be here . hammer what 's up ? chief about a hour ago , we receive this transmission from the North pole . he click a button on a remote control , and static fill the giant telecommunication screen , eventually fade into the image of a larger then life santa . santa and now my hanukkah loving friend , I will reveal to you the true nature of my diabolical scheme . a image of a giant clock in the shape of a Star of David . santa ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the jewish Atomic clock , locate in the outskirt of Jerusalem . keeper of time for the jewish calendar . power by judeum . a element so rare , it exist only inside the clock itself . we tilt down to reveal a blue glowing substance in its base . Santa come back on screen . santa ( cont 'd ) once I extract the judeum from the clock , the jewish calendar will cease to exist , forever eradicate hanukkah . in less than twenty four hour , which by you jewish calendar be approximately ... he struggle with this one . he look at someone o.s. at the North pole . santa ( cont 'd ) ( to someone at North pole ) can I borrow that pen and notepad ? a notepad and pen be hand to he from o.s. Santa make some write calculation on the notepad . he 's clearly have trouble . the Hammer and esther exchange look . santa ( cont 'd ) ( uncertain ) four year and three quarter a lunar cycle ? ( shift back into psycho mode ) well , whatever ! in less than twenty four Christian hour , hanukkah will be nothing more than a fond memory . tiny Tim . tiny Tim hobble into frame on he crutch . tiny tim merry Christmas everybody , and god bless we , everyone . the two laugh hysterically . santa end transmission . the transmission , however , do not end . the two abruptly stop laugh . Santa begin to talk to tiny tim . santa ( cont 'd ) so , how be I ? tiny tim it be good . very chill , but you still get all the point across that we talk about . santa really ? good , good . we cut to more confuse reaction of the Hammer and esther . santa ( cont 'd ) I be not too over the top ? tiny tim no , it be the perfect level . santa thanks . oh , do I tell you . I pick up that new kc and the Sunshine Band record that you recommend . you be right , it be good . Santa look towards the camera and begin to react strangely . santa ( cont 'd ) ( to o.s. cameraman ) why be the red light on the camera still on ? be you still filming I !? Santa approach the camera . santa ( cont 'd ) you fuck ass ... static fill the screen . the Hammer turn to the Chief . hammer look like I get a plane to catch . chief take esther with you , you will need the backup . hammer no way , it 's too dangerous . besides , my day of hook be over . esther you be not my bitch mordechai . please , you have to believe I . chief do I miss something here ? hammer it 's a long story . I will explain when I get back from save the clock . he turn he attention to esther . hammer ( cont 'd ) alone . the Hammer exit . esther be deject . chief tail he . he 's gonna need the help . STAR of david wipe to : ext . BEN gurion airport - israel - day a stock footage shot of a airplane landing . superimposed over the image be the word , " BEN gurion airport - israel . " israeli woman' voice ( v.o. ) shalom . welcome to the Ben gurion airport . for ground transportation , please proceed to Terminal 18 . we cut to the Hammer who 's watch this stock footage of the airplane landing on a television set by the " chertz " car rental counter . int . BEN gurion airport - chertz car rental counter the Hammer approach the counter where a female israeli rental agent stand wait . hammer do you speak English ? israeli rental agent yes . chello . the ch sound she make be accompany by a whole lot of spittle . the Hammer wipe he face , and then return the favor . hammer chello . she 's unfaze . the Hammer continue . hammer ( cont 'd ) I need to rent you biggest cadillac . preferably lower , with white wall tire . she check she rental sheet . israeli rental agent I be so sorry sir , but somebody just rent we last chadillac . she nail he again . seriously annoyed , he wipe he face clean once more . hammer well what else do you have ? israeli rental agent well , we do have a ch ... the Hammer put he hand up as a shield and cut she off quickly . hammer whatever it be , I will take it . CUT to : ext . israeli OPEN highway - day 70 's road music occupy the soundtrack as we see a shot of the fast move pavement of the open road . slowly , we pull back to reveal the Hammer throttling a monstrous harley chopper motorcycle . the Hammer 's talis flap wildly in the wind . his shtreml helmet be strapped on tight over he goggle . the scenery , oddly enough , resemble the mojave Desert . we cut to a sign read " the west bank palm : a gate community . coming soon ! " on it , we see a illustration of a housing compound surround by a remarkable amount of barbed wire . we pan over to the highway as the Hammer zip past on he motorcycle . int . esther' cadillac - continuous the Hammer , unaware of she presence , speed by she large cadillac . she put the car into gear . ext . israeli OPEN highway - continuous tucked out of sight behind a billboard , esther pull off from she side of the road and onto the highway in pursuit of the Hammer . and yes , the car be lower , with white wall tire . the camera make it way up to reveal a large roadside billboard arrow , resembling the one you might see advertising casinos on the drive into Vegas announce " the jewish atomic clock . 20 kilometer . " CUT to : ext . jewish atomic clock - afternoon from the outside the j.a.c have the appearance of a observatory . for no apparent reason , a small motorcycle ramp sit near the front door . a single fed-y truck pull into the dirt parking lot . a gang of thug elve spill out of the back of the truck as a s.w.a.t. team would . head elf go , go , go ! the head elf jump out , and out of frame . CUT to : a elf flunky stand by a SMALL motorcycle ramp , study it curiously . the head elf walk into frame . head elf ( cont 'd ) what 's this do here ? elf flunky not sure . I think it be leave over from a israeli Robbie kneivel television special . you want I to get rid of it ? head elf no time . besides , it 's not like someone 's gonna jump they motorcycle into the building while we be inside . the head thug elf point up towards the sky . head elf ( cont 'd ) there 's Santa now . the thug elve look up to the sky , and we do a overhead push down on they as helicopter force wind blow they hat off . the carriage of santa's sleigh touch down on the ground . tiny Tim sit shotgun in the sleigh while Santa vomit violently over the other side . Santa finish up , and wipe he mouth with he hand . tiny tim you okay ? santa no. I be airsick you asshole ! where the hell do this reindeer learn to fly ? tiny tim I do not know . why do not you ask they sir . Santa take this in . CUT to : Santa pace as a drill sargent would in front of the line of harness reindeer . they be shiver in they hoof . santa who 's the leader of this operation ? more scared reindeer face . comet furtively motion towards rudolph with he antler . Santa see this , march quickly up to rudolph , and get in he face . santa ( cont 'd ) what 's you major malfunction , dumbfuck !? rudolph 's scared shitless . santa ( cont 'd ) step forward son ! rudolph attempt to move forward , but the harness attachment prevent he from do so . tiny tim uh , he can not sir . the harness . you can feel the Robert deniro-esque intensity boil inside of Santa . santa you gonna learn to guide this sled right ? you gonna make sure you man follow suit ? because if I be puke down chimney come Christmas Eve , I be gonna have you hide . we clear ? rudolph shake he head . the bell on he harness tinkle . Santa continue to stare down the reindeer as he walk away . rudolph be clearly break , but continue stare back at Santa as he make he way out of frame . the expression on rudolph 's face change from fear to insolence as he angrily follow the o.s. Santa . suddenly , Santa charge right back into frame , and place he draw gun to rudolph 's temple . santa ( cont 'd ) you eyeballin ' I son !? rudolph quickly look away . Santa put he gun back into he belt , and then adjust he suit and hat as if to regain he composure . without warning , Santa throw a fake punch at rudolph 's face , force the reindeer to flinch . santa ( cont 'd ) I do not think so . int . jewish atomic clock - moment later Santa and he gang bust through the front door , take the two guard by surprise . Santa 's man quickly tie they up and duct tape they mouth shut as if out of ' Gulliver 's travel . ' the guard be drag away out of frame . Santa step towards camera and survey the room . santa the jewish Atomic clock . it 's the kind of place where a giant telescope at a observatory would be house . the clock be breathtaking in its size . on its face , in place of the standard numeral be the name of jewish holiday . for example , " yom kipur " be where the twelve should be , follow by " passover " , etc . in the center of the face , a odometer - like gauge reveal the year ' 5734 . ' at its base , the brilliant blue judeum glow brightly . Santa bark out order . santa ( cont 'd ) get move ! we have get work to do ! one of the thug push play on a ghetto blaster and the song ' Santa Claus be come to town ' begin to play . a few of the thug insert a bicycle pump into the judeum clock base and begin pump . ext . israeli highway - late afternoon the Hammer be moment away from the j.a.c. compound . he spot the motorcycle ramp , and then gun he engine . he 's close ! int . jewish atomic clock - continuous Inside , Santa and he thug hear the sound of the chopper grow in strength . the roar of the engine be piercingly loud ! and then nothing . a beat pass , and then the Hammer 's motorcycle bust open the front door . a insert of the Hammer 's bike skid to a stop . as Santa go for he gun , the Hammer interrupt he ... hammer uh. can you just give I one second ? Santa be confuse . still on the bike , the Hammer use he foot to backpeddle the motorcycle to the doorway . look of bewilderment from Santa and he gang . the Hammer reach the doorway and kiss he hand . a John wooish slo - mo shot as the Hammer touch he hand to the mezuzah nail to the doorframe . the Hammer jump off the bike , and we get the requisite quick push in on he as he pull out two uzi 's from under he jacket . hammer ( cont 'd ) let 's dance the hora ! Santa draw a pistol , and with a single shot from he uzi , the Hammer blow it out of he hand . it land on the other side of the room . Santa look up from he empty hand . santa get he boy ! Santa 's elf thug open a chest fill with large sub -machine gun . the chest be label " heavy artillery . " with great difficulty , they struggle to pull the heavy machinery out of the box . the Hammer , mildly amused , watch they . the Hammer blast away , and the elve scramble for safety . the sound of gunfire be deafen and constant . a elf sneak quietly towards Santa 's gun . esther walk in through the front door and spot something o.s. that give she cause for concern . unbeknownst to the Hammer , the sneaky elf pick up Santa 's gun . he raise it at the Hammer , ready to fire . esther mordechai ! behind you ! the Hammer turn and nail the elf just in time . esther , gun draw , back up into frame with the Hammer , and the two fire off round . hammer what be you do here ? esther mordechai , I love you . I could not let you do this alone . hammer I love you too . I be sorry about freaking out yesterday . I be wrong . esther I forgive you . hammer go check on the clock . I will finish up here . we do another quick push into the Hammer as he turn towards tiny Tim . tiny Tim , stand alone with he crutch tuck under he arm , look like a deer catch in headlight . the Hammer grin mischievously . tiny tim uh oh . the Hammer begin fire . in slow - motion , tiny Tim hobble as fast as he can towards a overturn table , gunfire trail he . like a pole vaulter with two pole , tiny Tim plant he crutch firmly into the ground and launch himself over the table . he land directly on top of Santa , who cower underneath the table . santa get off of I you cripple ! tiny tim what be we gonna do ? he 's get we on the rope . we dolly back with the Hammer as he approach the camera , fire round at the table . we cut to the duct tape hasidic Guards tie to they chair . one of they frantically nudge the other and motion to the window . fear fill both of they eye . we see what they see . through the window , the SUN be quickly set behind the mountain . we cut back to the Hammer . the speed with which he shoot begin to slow . esther , check the clock for damage call to he . esther what 's the matter ? hammer I do not know . I be feel kind of tired . we cut back to Santa and tiny Tim underneath the table . we hear the shoot continue to slow , until finally it cease altogether . Santa and tiny Tim exchange look . santa what 's go on ? why would he stop ? tiny tim maybe he run out of ammo . santa take a look . tiny Tim poke he head over the table to see ... the Hammer and esther lie together slump up against the wall . they look exhaust . tiny Tim drop back below the table . tiny tim well , he 's kinda just rest in the corner with he girlfriend . santa resting ? he think for a second . a idea form . santa ( cont 'd ) what day be it ? tiny tim it 's Friday . santa what time be it ? tiny tim I do not know . about sundown I guess . Santa make the connection . santa why do not I think of this ? it 's the sabbath . a blank look from tiny Tim . santa ( cont 'd ) the day of rest . he can not fight on the sabbath . c'mon , get up . we have get he beat . the Hammer 's Pov as Santa and he thug approach he cautiously . santa ( cont 'd ) well , well , well . it look as if the Hebrew Hammer 's get a weakness after all . Santa turn to he thug . santa ( cont 'd ) finish extract the judeum from the clock . ( to tiny Tim ) tiny Tim , I want you to introduce the Hebrew Hammer to the Christmas spirit . another blank look from tiny Tim . tiny tim you want I to be nice to he for no apparent reason whatsoever , buy he clothing he will never wear , and for just one day of the year pretend to forgive he for all the horrible thing he do to I as a young boy when my mommy be not look ? santa no dipshit , I want you to kill he . he think about it . tiny tim oh . santa Santa 's gonna take the sled back to the North pole and celebrate he victory with he new stock stuffer . Santa grab esther and attempt to pull she up . the Hammer hold on tightly to she other hand , but be not strong enough to resist Santa 's might . esther 's hand be pull from he firm grip , and Santa take she into he arm . hammer esther ! esther mordechai ! Santa force she out the front door , leave tiny Tim alone with the Hammer . o.s. , we hear the sound of Santa 's sled take off . tiny tim take a look Hammer . the clock 's already beginning to power down . we see a shot of the elve pump out the judeum from the clock , and then tilt up to reveal its face . the dial slowly spin past ' yom kippur ' , ' passover ' , ' hanukkah , ' ' purim ' , and then finally the ' macy 's 50 % off spring sale . ' tiny Tim raise he gun point blank at the Hammer . tiny tim ( cont 'd ) ah . what 's the matter ? no more snappy one liner . it seem all be lose when ... we hear the sound of a whole lot of gun be cocked . tiny Tim turn around to see the entire kwanzaa liberation front with they gun raise at he . jamal , stand next to Mohammed , flash tiny Tim a smile . jamal merry kwanzaa nigga ! STAR of david wipe to : int . jewish defense league - MAIN chamber - saturday night the Hammer and Mohammed enter through the vault door . the Chief wait anxiously . chief mordechai , you be back . the clock ? hammer still tick . thanks to the help from the Brothers at the klf , hanukkah 's safe for now . chief that 's wonderful ! the Chief notice the Hammer 's deject look . chief ( cont 'd ) so why the long face ? hammer it 's esther . Santa 's get she . chief my esther ! oh mordechai . the Chief , overcome by sadness , slump down into a chair . chief ( cont 'd ) please . will you help I ? hammer I love she sir . if I do not help you , I will not be able to make she my wife . Mohammed Ali Paula Abdul rahim have agree to come with I to the North pole on a rescue mission . Mo , stand in the bg , give the Chief the fist / chest salute . mohammed asalam alekem . chief ( to Mo ) you be a mench . thank you . ( to Hammer ) mordechai , by any mean necessary , you bring my esther back to I . even if it require use Judaism 's most powerful weapon . hammer oh no , not the ... the Chief shake he head yes . hammer ( cont 'd ) there will not be any need for that sir . chief Hammer , the fate of my daughter rest solely in you hand . hammer I know sir . I will not let you down . the Hammer motion to Mo , and the two begin to leave . they pass by sammy Davis Jr. Jr. the Hammer acknowledge he . hammer ( cont 'd ) sammy Davis Jr. Jr. sammy davis JR . JR . you two cat be beautiful . I love you guy . you take care babe . Mo whisper into the Hammer 's ear . mohammed what 's wrong with he ? hammer he 's still work out some identity issue . STAR of david wipe to : ext . NORTH pole - day the Hammer and Mo crawl onto the snow cover bluff overlook Santa 's workshop . with he binocular , the Hammer scope out the compound below . binocular Pov - instead of you standard two circle fill the screen , we see the world through a pair of Star of david . the place resemble the exterior of a industrial warehouse , with two elve on guard with gun . hammer it 's gonna be tough , but the back entrance look like we best bet . mohammed I want to ask you , how be you able to pinpoint the exact location of Santa 's workshop ? we have be try to gain that piece of surveillance for year . the Hammer put the binocular down . hammer this be the year 5734 . it 's time the boy at the klf get into the 58th century . let I show you something . the Hammer pull out a laptop computer . hammer ( cont 'd ) the jdl supplies all its agent with this state of the art device call a laptop computator . mohammed cool . what 's it do ? hammer now this might get a bit technical , but try and stay with I . use a highly sophisticated connection of other computator , call the Internet , I can access surveillance map , villian biographical information , and even sport score with a few simple keystroke of this electronic typewriter . the Hammer make a few keystroke and turn the screen towards mo. mohammed man , that 's far out ! hey , the jet win ! hammer but wait , there 's more . with a few swift click of this hand - computer interface , commonly refer to as a mouse , I can download illicit pornographic material and even send it along to a friend via a cyber postal route know as e-mail . Mo 's interest be seriously peak . mohammed porno ? you be tellin ' I that you can get porno on that thing ? hammer oh yeah . take a look . the Hammer do some computing . hammer ( cont 'd ) for example , here 's a picture of you sister tawanda get freaky with a german shepard . Mo 's eye widen . mohammed gettin ' freaky with a what ? he grab the laptop from the Hammer and look at the screen . a picture of tawanda make out with a german man deck out in lederhosen on a rural german hillside . the two be surround by sheep . Mo give a sigh of relief . mohammed ( cont 'd ) oy vey , that 's almost as bad . that 's tawanda get freaky with a notorious white supremacist . Mo go for the keyboard . mohammed ( cont 'd ) where 's the white out button on this thing ? we get a cu of the enter key as Mo press it . a soothing computerize female voice purr ... computerize female voice message send . mohammed what just happen ? hammer remember that bit about the cyber postal route ? mohammed yeah . the Hammer look at the blissfully ignorant Mo with empathy . hammer Nah , forget about it . int . santa's conference room - day Santa sit at the head of he conference table . tawni and bambi sit on he lap . a cigarette dangle from he mouth , and he hold a giant glass of eggnog in he hand . rudolph stand in the corner of the room . santa rudolph , more egg nog ! rudolph , equip with a tray around he neck hold a glass of egg nog , walk over . Santa stare at he antagonistically as he take the glass off of the tray and take a sip . Santa put he cigarette back into he mouth , take a drag and blow smoke past camera . a huge cloud of smoke blow over rudolph 's face . Santa smile at he woman as we hear rudolph cough . santa ( cont 'd ) Ho , ho , ho . suddenly , the two woman be push from he lap as a sassy black prostitute rise up between he leg from underneath the table . sassy black prostitute listen motherfucker , I already tell you ! I do not care how much yo ass be payin ' I , if you call I that one more time there be not gonna be no more visit down to the South pole ! you feelin ' I !? his ego deflate a bit . santa yes maam , loud and clear . tiny Tim enter the room . he have a black eye and he clothing be tear . sassy black prostitute damn sugar , what happen to you ? tiny tim Santa , I get some really bad news . ext . compound perimeter wall - day the Hammer wear tefilon , consist of leather strap with box , wrap around he head and arm . he silently bow he head in front of the gigantic wall as he mumble something to himself . Mo nervously scan the area for guard . mohammed what be you do ? hammer just praying to god that we do not kill ourselves go over this wall . the Hammer unwrap he leather strap , and then toss they high over the wall . the box on the strap catch on a pipe . the line be pull taut , and the box hold secure against the pipe . the Hammer and Mo begin to scale the wall a la the 60' batman and Robin television show . the Hammer lead the way while Mo , directly behind he , have he arm wrap tightly around he waist . the Hammer stop climb for a second , and turn to he . hammer ( cont 'd ) you know , you do not have to hold on to my waist . you be tie in . Mo release he arm from the Hammer 's waist . indeed , he be tie in . mohammed I know that . ext . santa's compound perimeter wall - other side - moment later the Hammer and Mo drop from the wall onto the ground . the Hammer look around . no guard in sight . in front of they be door clearly mark " back door . " mohammed well , that be easy . Mo head for the door . the Hammer call to he . hammer wait ! before we enter , you need to know that my research have determine that Santa 's compound be wire with the XP 2000 stereo type alarm system . mohammed a stereo type alarm system ? hammer take a look . the Hammer point to above the door . sure enough , there sit two large stereo speaker . mohammed how do we bypass it ? hammer the alarm will trigger if the system detect any non-w.a.s.p. tendency inside the building . for example , if you be to dribble a basketball , or eat watermelon , or use the word dawg ... that be , spell with a aw as oppose to the letter o... within the confines of this workshop , the alarm would sound . this piss Mo off . mohammed listen cat , I will have you know that I hate the taste of watermelon and be a terrible basketball player . hammer well that 's good news for we . it mean the system be outdated . this should be easy . c'mon . the two enter through the door . int . santa's workshop compound - continuous the Hammer shut the door behind they . so far , so good . suddenly , the two hear the sound of footstep come down the hall . they duck into a corner . the sound of the footstep pass . the Hammer make the silent military " eye " gesture to Mo by point two finger at he eye , indicate for he to check and see if the coast be clear . Mo bend out from the corner to look . penny fall from he pocket . mohammed it 's all clear . let 's go . the Hammer bend down to pick up the change . hammer Mo , I think you drop some ... Mo 's eye widen in terror . mohammed Hammer , no ! the Hammer pick up the penny , and the ear split alarm system be trigger . Red light flash , and over the loudspeaker we hear .. loudspeaker jewdar alert ! jewdar alert ! Mo and the Hammer start run down the hallway . Doors line the corridor . the Hammer kick open one of the door , and enter as it shut behind he . the camera stay in the hallway with Mo , who look around nervously . from inside the room , we can hear intense gunfire . the Hammer exit the room . hammer let 's go ! the two continue on down the hall . the Hammer spot another door , violently kick it open , and enter . again , the door shut behind he follow by the sound of more intense gunfire . the Hammer exit . hammer ( cont 'd ) c'mon , let 's go ! Mo stop and look at he . mohammed what be you do ? hammer offsccreen gunfire . that jewish Atomic clock stuff eat up a lot of we budget . Mo shake he head in understanding , and the two run on , make a hard right out of frame at the corridor 's end . a beat pass , and then we hear more intense gunfighting . CUT to : another corridor Mo and the Hammer run into frame . Mo point to the other end of the hall . mohammed there 's tiny Tim . tiny Tim spot they and begin to hobble furiously away in the other direction . mohammed ( cont 'd ) I will take tiny Tim . you go find you woman . Mo run down the hallway after tiny Tim . the Hammer turn towards the other direction to find ... two elve on multi-color moped comin ' right for he . the Hammer stand motionless as the elve gain ground . right before they reach he , the Hammer quickly pull he talis off of he neck and hold it outstretch , clothesline the two off of they moped . the elve be out cold . the Hammer admire he work . Santa , run for he life , round the corner . he stop dead in he track as he spot the Hammer . the two look at one another for a brief moment , and then Santa point at something behind the Hammer . santa hey , what 's that over there ? be that a bowl of matzah Ball soup ? the Hammer look behind he . nothing . he turn back to find Santa long go . hammer damn ! he take off down the hall after Santa . CUT to : another corridor Mo catch up to the hobbling tiny Tim , and begin to mock the manner and speed at which he run , run side by side with he , circle around he as he attempt to get away , etc . realizing that it would be impossible to outrun he , tiny Tim come to a stop . Mo train he pistol on he . mohammed now I be gonna do to you what I should have do earlier . tiny Tim close he eye in anticipation of the worst . Mo grab both of he crutch from under he arm and run off . tiny Tim wobble a few step and then slump down against the wall . we pull away from tiny Tim as he call to mo. tiny tim my crutch . noooo . not my crutch . int . santa's conference room - continuous Santa enter the room and begin to frantically barricade the front door with anything he can find : a chair , a large crucifix , a cart of tomatoes . feeling confident that the door be secure , he turn around to find the Hammer stand in front of he . the Hammer grab Santa by he shirt . hammer where 's my girlfriend Santa ? santa I do not have to tell you anything Hammer ! you be gonna have to kill I before I tell you ! the Hammer 's confuse . hammer but if I kill you , then you will be dead . Santa think about this for a couple second . santa good point . the Hammer look up from he interrogation and spot a sign tape to a door directly behind Santa . it read , " the room where the hebrew hammer' girlfriend be . " the Hammer grin mischievously at Santa . hammer do not worry you pretty little head . Hammer fire a single round past camera . red splatter he face . we cut to the other side . Santa cower by the cart of tomatoes . hammer ( cont 'd ) that be a warning shot . we hear esther scream from inside the room . esther ( o.s. ) mordechai ! I be in here ! help ! the Hammer turn towards the sound . suddenly , Santa kick the Hammer 's gun out of he hand , and then draw a pistol from behind he belt and point it at he . santa look like the table have turn once again Hammer . more scream from esther behind the door . santa ( cont 'd ) and you will not even be able to say goodbye to you esther . so sad . so long mordechai . give my father my regards . Santa ready to fire . hammer wait ! I do not want it to come to this , but you leave I no choice . I have no other option but to use the most powerful weapon in the jewish arsenal . the Hammer close he eye and put he hand together as if in meditation . Santa look around nervously . santa what be you do ? the Hammer meditate for a bit more . suddenly , he eye open and he begin ... hammer I shlep all the way to the North pole for this ? I come to fight you , and you do not even put out anything to nosh on ? what kind of arch nemesis be you ? santa hah ! jewish guilt . well , it will not work on I Hammer . I be too strong for it . esther continue to scream for help . this make the Hammer even more determine . hammer what sort of host would treat company this way ? esther be clearly uncomfortable in you guest room . I be shvitize from run around shoot people . and my foot . what kind of flooring be this anyway ? my arch be kill I . it 's beginning to work on Santa . santa no. stop it ! hammer and to top it off , you do not even have the courtesy to give I a proper hello when I enter the room . what have I ever do to you to be treat with such disrespect ? Santa 's a wreck . santa please , make it stop . I will do anything . here take my gun . he hand he piece to the Hammer and kneel on the ground , point to he head . santa ( cont 'd ) shoot I . please , just one to the head . put I out of misery . Mo enter the room . mohammed Hammer , you alright ? hammer everything 's kosher . watch he for I . int . room where the hebrew hammer' girlfriend be - moment later the Hammer kick open the door . hammer esther ! esther mordechai ! she be restrain to a chair . the Hammer quickly unty she , and the two kiss . as they continue kissing , we hear the sound of someone clearing there throat . the Hammer look towards the source of the noise to see none other than joseph lieberman . Joe be tie to a chair , and wear a Gore / lieberman 2000 campaign button . hammer Joseph lieberman ? the Hammer begin to untie Joe . joseph lieberman mordechai ! thank god you be here . esther look at the Hammer curiously . esther you two know each other ? hammer we go to the same temple . all three step back into Santa 's Conference room . Mo continue to hold Santa at gunpoint . hammer ( cont 'd ) Mo , get he out of my sight . Mo begin to take Santa away . the Hammer turn around . hammer ( cont 'd ) no , wait . I need closure here . ( to Santa ) I just wanna say one thing . you know where you mess up Santa ? you underestimate the true meaning of hanukkah . Santa 's a break man . he get on he knee and inquiry earnestly ... santa please tell I . what be the true meaning of hanukkah ? the Hammer think about this for a second . he 's draw a blank . he look to esther , and she shrug back at he . hammer that 's ... that 's a very good question . and I do know that it do have something to do with ... dreidel , and ... esther chime in . esther ... and latke . hammer and latke ! and some miracle oil that last eight day . and that my friend , should have be enough for you . take he away Mo . Mo drag Santa out of the room . santa I be sorry . I see the light now . I be wrong . I be ... and Santa 's go . the Hammer turn to esther , and get down on one knee . he place a ring on she finger . hammer esther bloomenbergensteinenthal , will you marry I ? she glow . esther yes ! of course ! I would gladly give up my last name to be with you . the two kiss in celebration . Joe poke he head out into the hallway . joe lieberman what happen out there ? he look to the Hammer . the Hammer shrug he shoulder . joe lieberman ( cont 'd ) oh mordechai , you know how I detest gore . hammer well then maybe you should have think about that before you run with he . c'mon , let 's get you back to Washington . and we pull out as the three make they way down the hallway . title card : one week later . christmas eve . int . mrs . carver' house - shabat Mrs. carver exit the kitchen , platter of food in hand . mrs . carver shabat shalom everybody ! we see esther and the Hammer at the other end of the table . they smile and hold hand . domestic bliss . hammer / esther shabat shalom ! with a bit of difficulty , Mrs. carver work she large behind into she chair . hammer and a merry Christmas to all of we gentile friend . mun chi . the Hammer raise he glass in honor of mun chi . mun chi return the gesture . hammer ( cont 'd ) before we start the sabbath , I would personally just like to thank god for all the blessing I have receive over the past year . a beautiful fiancee ... esther smile . hammer ( cont 'd ) ...a wonderful mother ... Mrs. carver be as proud as can be ... hammer ( cont 'd ) ... and the opportunity to help my brother and sister in the jewish community . mrs . carver well I be just glad you be safe bubba shaina , and eat by you mother for shabos . she squeeze he hand . hammer thanks mom . Mrs. carver begin to cut she meat . mrs . carver but with all the attention the newspaper and television have give you , you would think that you be the pope or something . hammer ( proudly ) well , I do save hanukkah mom . my child , and my child 's child , and my child 's child 's child ... he get himself back on track . hammer ( cont 'd ) ... and they child will all be able to eat latke and spin dreidel , and light the menorah with the knowl ... mrs . carver ( interrupt ) ... so you save hanukkah Mr. Big shot . I mean , let 's be honest mordechai , it be not even one of the high holiday . mordechai look to esther . she shrug she shoulder in encouragement . mrs . carver ( cont 'd ) now , if you have save passover or yom kipur , then maybe you would have what to brag about . do I tell you that my friend Maureen 's son , the investment banker , be responsible for a very big merger on ... hammer ... no , no , no , no , no . I see what you be do here . so all of a sudden hanukkah 's not good enough for you , be that right ? we get a shot of Mrs. carver . she 's a master of the art of pleasant non-listen . hammer ( cont 'd ) well I have news for you mom . it be good enough ... I be good enough and I will not leave here until I hear you tell I ... mrs . carver mazel tov! Mrs. carver pick up the paralyze tabby and begin eskimo kissing it . mrs . carver ( cont 'd ) hello mazel tov ! a boojee boojee boojee boo ... hammer ... I be not finish yet , mom . mun chi , completely uninvolved in the conversation and obviously famish , scoops serve after serve onto he plate . Mrs. carver ignore she son as she continue to play with the cat . mrs . carver ... a boojee boojee boojee boo . what 's that mazel tov ? you tuchus need some more airing out ? Mrs. carver remove the diaper . esther and Hammer gag from the smell of it . mun chi , a forkful of food inch from he mouth , get a whiff and then place the utensil down in angry frustration . hammer Mom ! we be eat ! mrs . carver what a good poop you make in you diaper mazel tov ! that 's right ! mommy love you ! such a good boy you be ! this get the Hammer go . hammer oh , I get it . to you , the cat poop in he diaper be somehow better than my save a jewish holiday . ( give up ) forget it . mrs . carver so , what be you two plan after the wedding ? esther well , for starter , we be go to honeymoon in boca for a week . and then , when we get back , morty 's be talk about take a stable , good pay job as a consultant for the jdl . mrs . carver well , I could not be happier for the both of you . from outside , we hear the sound of sleighbells ringing . hammer I think I hear the new Santa Claus busy at work . c'mon . the Hammer motion for everyone to get up and follow he to the window . we cut to the outside of the window look in on the four as they try and get a better look outside . mrs . carver I forget to ask you , who would they put in charge as the new Santa Claus ? hammer since Santa will be live out the rest of he day at a home for the religionally insane and because he have no blood heir , the kwanzaa Liberation Front and the jewish Defense League agree to make the whole Santa Claus process a democratic vote . we be all very pleased with the first Santa elect . the Hammer spot something up in the sky , and point it out to the rest of they . hammer ( cont 'd ) look , there he be now . the full moon shine brightly in the bg of the night sky as we slowly pan past rudolph and the rest of the reindeer , eventually reach the cockpit . jamal hold the reign and wave down at mordechai and company . from the window , mordechai , esther , Mrs. carver , and mun chi wave back . the Hammer jewxploitation theme music begin to fade up . hammer ( cont 'd ) merry Christmas jamal . jamal merry Christmas niggas ! we pull away from the outside window as the four continue to wave . one by one , the reindeer whip straight past camera follow by jamal . as he clear frame we ... CUT to end credit .