the Jazz Singer title 1 : the New York ghetto , the daily life of which throbs to the rhythm of music that be as old as civilization . fade in 1 . ext . new york STREET long shot it be a typical East side business street at the height of the day 's activity , a street that be line with pushcart , sidewalk vendor and little store , with its milling shopper , its petty marketing argument , its unkempt kid play in the street heedless of consequence . in the distance be see a elevate train flash across the background like a comet across the sky . 2 . moving shot same a shot may be make from a auto or truck down the street show the teeming life of the ghetto . as the camera reach a street intersection , a half dozen kid come into the scene . 3 . mo . shot kide ( studio STREET ) they be play tag on the intersect street which be give over to tenement . there be no pushcart and only a few store in the basement or ground floor of the building which house many thousand of ghetto folk . the kid be attract to something . they all look down the street and then start run in the direction they have be look . some little girl join they . ( vitaphone street piano , at some distance . ) 4 . ext . side STREET mo . shot in front of a low brick building be a italian with a street piano and he be grind out that always popular classic of the East side , " the sidewalks of New York . " the kid come into the scene and gather around the hurdy - gurdy . 5 . close - up group the italian smile as the child start dance about . he look expectantly at the window above he and nod pleasantly to someone up above as he continue cranking the piano . 6 . ext . tenement long shot look upward from the street piano . this may be a very effective shot . in several of the window woman be look down at the music-maker and other head appear in other window . several take deliberate aim and toss coin to the street . 7 . close - up italian he hold out he rag cap and expertly catch several coin without once take he hand from the crank of the street piano . the piece end . he pull a little lever and start turn on another selection -- some old operatic favorite like the " intermezzo " from cavalleria rusticana . he start move down the street as he play . 8 . tenement STREET long shot as the street piano , still in operation , go down the street , the group of kid , now much larger , follow along . the italian stop in front of another building , which adjoin the orchard Street synagogue . 9 . close shot front synagogue it bear the name , in Hebrew , of the temple . several child get up on the step in front of the close door to listen to the music , which be approach . next door be a old brownstone front , before which the italian stop . underneath be a store , and in the flat over the store live cantor rabinowitz and he family . 10 . int . room in synagogue full shot of the little anteroom in which the rabbi hold school for the child of the congregation and in which the cantor teach the boy of the choir the song and chant of the orthodox -- the prayer set to music that have be hand down for generation . several boy be seat on a bench beside a batter old square piano ( one of the old square knabe may be obtain here ) . the sound of the street piano come through the open window , and the kid rush to the window . they no sooner get to it and climb up to look out when the door into the room from the synagogue proper slowly open and the head of the venerable cantor rabinowitz appear . title 2 : cantor rabinowitz , who sing and teach the youth of he congregation to sing the age - old song of judea -- a man revere and respected by all the ghetto . 11 . close - up cantor he peer into the room to see if he class be ready for he . he have some difficulty in find they . finally he discover they at the window . he lift he head as he hear the strain from the street piano , and a look of disgust come to he . he close the door behind he and start in with a determine look . 11a . reverse shot boy they be pack in the window , patch pants seat and leg only be visible . 12 . ext . mo . shot the italian be now in front of the synagogue and be grind out another tune while the child dance about the discordant instrument . 13 . int . school room mo . shot the four or five boy be jamme into the open window , some of they half way out with foot stick almost straight out backward . with determine tread the cantor come up behind they and start yanking they out of the window . they be badly frighten and duck as the cantor cuff they right and leave . 14 . full shot room the boy , some of they propel from behind by the irate cantor , scramble for they seat . the cantor start to come after they , then the strain of the music assault he delicate ear and he turn instead to the window . 15 . close - up cantor he take hold of the window and yank it down roughly as though he cannot shut out the sound from without quickly enough . ( vitaphone music quickly dimme to just a faint sound . ) then he turn and face the boy . he look they over , mutter to himself imprecation on the terrible sound from without -- a insult to he musically attune ear . 16 . mo . shot boy and cantor the boy straighten up with solemn look on they face as the cantor look they over scowlingly . 17 . ext . STREET outside temple long shot the italian and he piano be disappear in the distance , and a group of boy be play ball in the street . one be bat . 18 . int . cantor close - up he be look at the boy as he say : title 3 : " where be jakie , my son ? " 19 . full shot room the cantor be in the foreground address the boy . as he finish the question one of the boy start to answer it . the old man suddenly jump around and look up in back of he . 20 . close - up window there be a big round hole in the window . 21 . close - up cantor he look down at the glass on the floor , then stoops and pick up a ball from the floor . he shake he head ominously . he scowl at the kid , then look toward the door . 22 . close - up at door it be open cautiously and the black curly head of a boy of about thirteen appear . he enter hesitatingly and fearfully of the possible consequence . 23 . full shot room the kid all look from father to son expectantly , each hope that jakie will get a lick as soon as possible . the cantor come toward the boy , he brow knitted in a deep frown . jakie start toward he father repeat , " I could not help it -- I do not mean to hit it so hard -- honest I do not . " they meet in the center of the room , the boy still protest half tearfully . the old man bring back he arm as though to strike he . 24 . close shot both as the cantor bring back he arm , jakie shut he eye and duck , but the cantor reconsider and bring the hand down alongside without strike the boy . he wave he to he seat on the bench with a half - uttere threat to " fix he good the next time . " 25 . full shot room the cantor turn from jakie with a impatient gesture and line the boy up for they lesson . he call they to attention , then tell they to listen to what he be go to sing . he walk to the piano and poise a hand over the key . 26 . close - up cantor he strike a note to give he the key he want but the piano be evidently out of tune . he shake he head disgustedly , then take a old - fashioned tuning fork out of he inside coat pocket and strike it on the side of the piano , then hold it to he ear . he sing the note and then indicate to the boy that they be to follow he as he sing . 27 . mo . shot cantor and boy the cantor be sing and one of the boy be pay no attention . he be look around toward the window longingly . the cantor , still sing , walk over to he and cuff he on the ear . 28 . close - up cantor and boy the boy duck a second swipe . the cantor glare at he and demand that he give he undivide attention to the lesson . 29 . close shot other boy they be sing but take in the scene on the side . they grin at each other in joy at they companion 's trouble , then they quickly turn they eye forward and sing more lustily as they feel the cantor 's eye on they . 30 . full shot room the cantor take he place again . he show he disgust with the manner in which the boy be sing and , with a impatient gesture , he stop and tell they to go home . 31 . close - up cantor he wave they away , say : title 4 : " go now , you sound like crazy cat cry already . " 32 . mo . shot group the cantor finish he dismissal and as the boy , include jakie , start for the door , he stop he son . jakie , with a crestfallen look , follow with he eye the disappear figure of he playmate , who quickly exit . his father call he and he come opposite he and look up rather sullenly for the scolding he expect . 33 . close - up cantor and son the cantor look down at jakie with a scowl and start berate he . he point to the window and he anger again rise . jakie start back away as though expect violence . the old man get himself together and he attitude change from anger to sadness . he say to the boy : title 5 : " a fine cantor you be go to be -- smesh synagogue window yet ! " the boy look up at he with a effort , which reflect something of the length of time he have think about this unpleasant future . he blurt out : title 6 : " but papa , I do not want to be no cantor . " the father look at he as though not willing to believe he ear . he have never hear anything quite so blasphemous . he gulp a few time and then , with a grimly sarcastic smile , he say : title 7 : " and if not a cantor , what be you go to be ? " he look at the boy , await a answer to a question which he regards as unanswerable . 34 . close - up boy he swallow a few time , then look up at he father courageously , he declare : title 8 : " I want to be a singer in a theayter . " he half duck as if expect a blow . 35 . close - up cantor he look at the boy in amazement , he hand go aloft in horror . it be difficult for he to speak . finally he break out : title 9 : " for five generation there have be a rabinowitz as cantor -- I have teach you to be one - - " he pause for a breath , then , stick out he bristle beard in the boy 's direction , he almost yell : title 10 : " and you -- you want to be a common actor in a lowlife theayter ! " 36 . close - up father and son the father make as though to strike the boy , who this time stand he ground bravely . the hand of the age man be raise for the blow , but he halt it in mid air . the father look down into the eye of the boy , which be fix steadfastly on he . he shake he head sorrowfully . fade out fade in 37 . int . muller' cafe Long shot disclose one of that place so common in New York before prohibition , a long bar in front , and behind , separate from the bar by a partition and swinging door , a " garden " approachable from the " family entrance " where " lady " may dine and drink they beer , whether with escort or without they . the back of the place can be see faintly . the bar be be well patronize , and the three german bartender be busy put out huge schooner of the amber fluid . waiter be go in and out of the swinging door . 38 . int . garden full shot look toward the bar , there be a batter old piano in the foreground on a slightly raise platform , at which sit a young man who look twice he age because of dissipation . he be smoking a cigarette in a listless manner , and there be a schooner of beer on the piano at the end of the keyboard . he be run he hand over the key as though play to himself . back of he may be see the diner and drinker . there be a occasional family group and several of the table be occupy by flashily dress woman of a obviously well - know occupation . some be accompany by man . at other table be man alone quietly drink . 39 . close - up family entrance see from the inside , the door open slowly and the head of jakie rabinowitz appear . he look about as though to see if the coast be clear , then enter . his attitude indicate that he have be there before . 40 . full shot garden jakie thread he way among the table to the piano . several of the drinker look at he as they recognize the boy , and there be some conversation about he among the group . jakie call to the piano player , who swing around to greet he , as he get on the platform . 41 . close shot flayer and jakie the pianist greet jakie jocularly : title 11 : " well how 's the kid caruso today ? " jakie answer he in kind : title 12 : " great ! how 's old kid paderooski ? " they laugh and the piano player indicate the diner and drinker , say that maybe there 's a few dime for the kid in the place . they confer a moment , then the piano player whirl around and strike a chord . 42 . full shot garden that at the table look toward the piano with interest as jakie , in the background , be see stand on the little platform face they . 43 . mo . shot boy and piano player the player play the introduction to " mighty lak a Rose " and the boy start to sing . ( the various shot for this will have to be in accordance with vitaphone technique and its necessity . ) vitaphone sing stop , when cut be make . fade in 44 . int . rabinowitz live room it be a rather large room for that locality , the live room and dining room of the modest flat occupy by the cantor and he family . the furniture be good but old , and there be many shelf and table which be fill with knickknack , china , glassware , and silver . Mrs. rabinowitz , a sweet - face , motherly woman of between forty - five and fifty , be just set the table . it be the day of the eve of atonement Day , the most important holiday of Judaism , which be observe by even the least religious of Jews , by twenty - four hour of abstinence from food or drink . the cantor be pace up and down the room in a very nervous manner . he pause occasionally to make a quick remark , punctuate by a elaborate gesture , then resume he pace . the subject of he remark be jakie . title 13 : Sara rabinowitz be not as learn in the lore of she race as she husband , but she have a deeper and better understanding of life -- and jakie . 45 . close - up mother she be set plate on the table as she listen to the cantor . she hesitates , then say : title 14 : " jakie be a good boy , papa -- but maybe he should not be a cantor . " 46 . mo . shot both as Sara finish title and resume she work , the cantor stop and look at she in amazement . he start to say : " what , not a cantor , you say that ? " then he take a long breath and , bring he fist down through the air , he break out into a stream of yiddish . 47 . close - up cantor he declare violently that jakie must be a cantor , just like himself and he father before he . he lean closer to he wife as he say , with some semblance of pride : title 15 : " he know all the song and prayer even now so good as I do . he could take my place yet tonight and sing ' kol nidre ' when yom kippur begin . " he pause as though await a answer to what he consider a unanswerable argument . 48 . close - up SARA she nod she head in acquiescence of what she husband have say ; then she shake she head slowly and reply : title 16 : " he have it all in he head , yes , but it be not in he heart . he be of America . " 49 . close shot both as she finish the old man look at she in horror . this which she have say be , to he , treason . she turn she back as he begin to scold breathlessly . 50 . full shot cafe from front end of bar ( vitaphone sing be resume . ) there be only a few people drink at the bar in the foreground . the " garden " be visible as people pass through the swinging door . 51 . full shot garden as see from the door , jakie be sing and the people at the table be watch and listen approvingly . 52 . mo . shot bar a tall , spare Hebrew with a straggly beard and a cutaway coat come into the foreground . he order a glass of beer , put he nickel on the bar as he do so . 53 . close - up yudelson he drink slowly and with relish . title 17 : moisha yudelson , a man of influence in the business and religious affair of the ghetto . back . he reach over and take some of the free lunch . his attention be attract to the music . he listen curiously , then start for the door to the garden . 54 . mo . shot door yudelson push the swinging door open , he glass of beer in one hand and a slice of meat on a piece of bread in the other . his eye bulge as he see the singer . 55 . long reverse shot jakie be sing . 56 . close - up yudelson his lip tighten . he determine that something must be do about this and he know just what it be . he go quickly to the bar . 57 . mo . shot bar yudelson gulp down the beer , cram the rest of the food into he mouth , and exit . ( vitaphone sing stop . ) 58 . int . rabinowitz home the cantor be walk up and down the floor nervously . Sara be put the dish of food on the table . the cantor stop and face Sara sternly . 59 . close - up cantor he take out a huge silver watch , look at it , and say : title 18 : " tonight jakie be to sing ' kol nidre ' in school and he be not yet here . " he snap shut the watch and glare at Sara . 60 . mo . shot both Sara make some excuse for the boy . maybe he do not know what time it be . he start pace up and down again . Sara finish the place of food on the table and start arrange the chair . 61 . close - up cantor he scowl as he pause in he pace and say : title 19 : " if he do not come now in a minute , he start he yom kippur fasting without supper . " 62 . full shot room as the cantor resume he pace , Sara hear someone at the door and go to it , only to admit , instead of the expect jakie , a excited yudelson . the cantor turn around in surprise . yudelson rush up to he and start tell he about see jakie sing nigger song in muller 's . the cantor throw up he hand in horror . yudelson nod grimly but in a satisfied manner . 63 . close - up yudelson he say in a self - righteous manner : title 20 : " of course it be not any of mine business , but I say to myself it 's my duty , I - - " he look around surprised . 64 . full shot room the cantor have grab he hat and be on he way out of the door as yudelson stand open-mouthed . Sara start wring she hand . 65 . close shot yudelson and SARA as they see the cantor disappear , Sara look at yudelson with mark disapproval . he decide that it be time to go and turn as Sara start to reprove he for he tattling . she tell he he would be better off attend to he own business . with a hurried excuse yudelson turn . 66 . full shot room yudelson quickly disappear out of the front door and Sara drop into a chair heavily . she know that there will be a unpleasant scene before long and she dread it . 67 . int . Beer hall full shot jakie be just finish a song and that at the table start applaud . some of they throw coin to jakie . 68 . close - up jakie his sing manners have go . now he be just business as he start to pick up the scattered coin . he pick up the last one and pocket it . then he turn to the piano player . 69 . close shot both they discuss what jakie be to sing next . then the piano player start a ragtime piece and jakie start to sing in the most approve darkey manner . 70 . full shot garden the people at the table be show new interest in the singer . 71 . close shot family entrance the door open suddenly and the figure of the irate cantor appear . he pause and take one look , then stride in with great determination . 72 . mo . shot jakie from front he be put everything he have into he song . he be roll he eye and call on " he baby . " his eye drop and he look forward just in time to see he father come toward he . his voice break as the old man come into the scene . a determine arm reach up and grab he , and the song end abruptly . 73 . full shot room with the boy in a viselike grip , the cantor start toward the door with the squirming figure of he young son . the people at the table be laugh heartily at the unexpected entertainment . Father and son exit . 74 . close - up piano player get the humor of the situation , he start play something appropriate , like " stay in you own backyard " or perhaps something more modern and more to the point . 75 . rabinowitz live room Sara be sit in the rock chair , rock slowly back and forth , occasionally dabbing at she eye with a handkerchief . she get up and go to the table . she feel one of the dish and , see that it be cold , she start with it to the kitchen . as she return she look toward the front door , then rush hurriedly in that direction . 76 . mo . shot front door the cantor come in breathlessly , push the boy ahead of he , just as Sara come up to they . the boy try to go to she but the irate cantor hold he tightly and motion Sara not to interfere . 77 . close shot group the cantor glare down at the boy who start squirming . he tighten he grip on he as he repeat over and over : " sing nigger song in a beer garden ! you bummer ! you no good lowlife ! " as Sara try to intercede , the cantor silence she almost roughly . as he half push she away he say : title 21 : " I will teach he he shall never again use he voice for such low thing . " he take a fresh grip on the boy and start in the direction of the bedroom . 78 . full shot room as father with son in tow go toward the bedroom , the mother follow a few step , plead with the cantor not to whip jakie . he turn around and demand what she mean by such interference . she look at he imploringly . 79 . close - up SARA she hold out she outstretch hand to the cantor , say : title 22 : " it will do no good , papa -- and he must get ready for school in a few minute . yom kippur begin soon . " 80 . close shot group the cantor answer she with a snort of disgust and renew determination to continue with what he consider he duty . the boy , emboldene by he mother 's championship , turn and face he father courageously . the old man look down at he in surprise . 81 . close - up cantor and son the boy look up at he father , he boyish face set with determination . he declare : title 23 : " I tell you before -- if you whip I again , I will run away -- and never come back . " at this show of rebellion the cantor stiffen . he nod he head menacingly as though accept the challenge , take another grip on the boy 's shoulder , and push he toward the bedroom , as jakie start sobbing hysterically . at the door , the cantor take a strap that be hang over a chair near the door . 82 . mo . shot room as the cantor shove open the door , Sara again try to intervene . the cantor hold out a hand to prevent she follow , push jakie into the bedroom , and follow he , close the door behind he with a bang . Sara stand look tearfully at the door , realize the expect crisis in the little family , which she have fear , have finally arrive . 83 . close - up SARA she stand mutely face the door . suddenly she start and listen , then put she hand over she ear as though to shut out the sound she hear , and she shoulder heave with repress sob . she start for the door , then restrain herself . her emotion finally overcome she and she drop into a chair and cry without restraint . ( nothing of what occur in the bedroom be show . ) 84 . mo . shot same the door of the bedroom open suddenly and jakie emerge . he be shaking with a mixture of anger and the painful effect of the whipping . he come out quickly , look at he mother , rush over , and kiss she impulsively , and as she put she arm around he , he break away and before she can stop he , he run toward the front door . 85 . full shot room jakie rush to the door and dash out , as the cantor appear in the doorway of the bedroom . he be somewhat breathless from exertion . he do not look to see what have become of the boy . he pause and look at he wife in a daze way . he look toward the door . then in a mechanical way he take he watch from he pocket and glance at it . 86 . close - up cantor he hold the watch up to he eye closely , then look in the direction of he wife and say : title 24 : " it be time for the service , mama . " he turn to the wall behind he where hang the prayer shawl and the freshly wash and irone robe which the cantor wear when he sing the " kol nidre " on the Day of atonement . 87 . med.shot both the cantor start put on the robe , with great deliberation . Sara be stand mutely look toward the door through which she boy vanish . fade out fade in 88 . int . synagogue long shot every pew in the place be fill with man , and in the balcony behind sit the woman in the place reserve for they . on the raise platform , the cantor and the choir boy be take they place . 89 . close shot cantor and choir as the boy line up , a solemn look on each young face , the cantor look from one to the other . 90 . close - up cantor he have he back to the congregation . he have he eye fix on the place where jakie usually have stand . 91 . mo . shot as the cantor stand motionless , the rabbi step up to he . the old man look at he and they exchange a few word . 92 . close shot both the cantor look at the vacant place again , then turn to the rabbi and say , with a break in he voice : title 25 : " tonight my boy jakie be to sing ' kol nidre ' -- but he be not go to be a cantor now . " back . he finish title . the rabbi move out of scene , and the cantor take the position in which he be to sing . 93 . full shot synagogue the congregation come to attention , and small group that have be converse look toward the cantor . 94 . mo . shot choir the cantor be in the foreground , he back to the camera , as the first low note of the " kol nidre " be sung . never have the cantor 's voice sung the heart - break song like this before . there be a tear in every note , and as he voice rise in the wail harmony that be hand down from the wall of Jerusalem , the choir boy look at he in wonder . ( vitaphone be use in full volume . ) 95 . full shot synagogue as the cantor 's voice rise in a long , mournful wail , the scene and music slowly fade . title 26 : ten year and three thousand mile away from the ghetto . fade in 96 . airplane view of san francisco a shot may be obtain which immediately identify the city , with its hill and ferries and the Golden Gate in the distance . dissolve into : 97 . office STAR vaudeville circuit full shot of room show various type of performer seat about the room await a opportunity to talk to the book manager . there be a old - time legitimate actor of the East lynne period , a dance team of girl , three teutonic-looking acrobat , a fat young man whose clothes be once quite " snappy , " and a few other type find usually in such a place . the fat man be hide behind a copy of variety . a office boy , small , weazen , and wise beyond he year , pertly tell all inquirer that Mr. schuler be " in conference . " all of the people in the room look hopefully toward the door every time it be open and look away hopelessly every time it close . a big , husky , flashily dress blonde enter and breeze up to the boy . he get up and try to hold the gate of the enclosure shut , so that she cannot enter . 98 . close - up blonde and boy she say that she be there to see Mr. schuler . the boy look at she and say : title 27 : " Mr. schuler 's in conf 'rence and can not be disturb . " the girl give he a supercilious look , shove he aside , and sweep up to the door to the inner room . she open it and pass in as the boy stand with open mouth and gaze after she . 99 . full shot room the less fortunate performer sit and look wonderingly at the close door . the boy finally shrug he shoulder and take he chair . the outer door open and a young man enter . he be shabbily dress and , although he be neat of person , it be obvious that he be down on he luck . he pause and then hesitatingly go up to the railing where the office boy sit idly hammer a typewriter with no paper in it . the boy do not even look up . 100 . close - up jack he stand look at the boy nervously . title 28 : it be a long jump from jakie rabinowitz to Jack Robin -- and the rose in he pathway be almost hide under the thorns . -- George jessel back to scene . Jack ask the boy if he can see Mr. schuler . 101 . close shot both the boy just look up and snap out that " it car , 't be do -- he 's in a important conf'rence . " Jack hopelessly turn away and the boy continue he maul of the typewriter . 102 . full shot room as Jack walk disconsolately over to the one vacant chair , the young man hide behind the copy of variety look up . he recognize Jack and , with a smile , he jump up and they grab each other 's hand . 103 . close - up both they exchange the usual greeting : " if it be not my old partner of the stick , Jack Robin ! " and Jack 's return : title 29 : " -- and the last time I see you buster billing , you be get ready to climb a side door pullman in cheyenne . " back to scene . they reminisce some more . Jack ask he what he be do , and buster point hopelessly to the door of the inner office , say , " the same thing you be . " 104 . full shot room as they be talk , the boy suddenly jump up as though answer a buzzer and go to the inner door . he open it , listen to something say within , nod , and close the door . he walk to the rail and give the people sit around the room a contemptuous look . 105 . close - up boy he pause a moment as he feel the expectant eye on he , and with the cruelty of youth , he bark out at they : title 30 : " the boss be not see anybody else today -- you can all duck . " 106 . full shot room the occupant start get up wearily . they start for the door . Jack and buster be the last to go . they pause in the doorway . 107 . close shot both they look at each other and Jack say to he : " where to ? " buster pause and say they can take a walk and stall around awhile . he add : title 31 : " later we will go to coffee dan' . my old side kick , Frank tame , be the -- impresario down there and we can bum a feed off he . " they start out of the door . 108 . ext . STREET in the near foreground look down the street be the entrance to the orpheum theater . the electric sign in front be light . the light sign be suddenly extinguish to indicate that the show be over , and people start come out of the door . this dissolves into : 109 . int . theater backstage full shot the player who have just finish they act , the close one on the bill , a troupe of acrobat , be just go to they dress room . a door to one of the stage dress room open , and a girl dress neatly in street attire come halfway out . 110 . close - up girl she be a small blonde girl , dress in excellent taste . she be call out to someone not in sight . title 32 : Mary Dale , of the " Little folly " act , be not yet a headliner in she own right , but ambition point the way to fame . 111 . mo . shot girl she come out of the door and close it behind she . she call again , and in the background another girl and a young man , Ben thorpe , appear . the girl be a tall , wise - look blonde of about twenty - five and the young man be tall , blond , and good-look . they come up to Mary and there be some talk as to where they be go . 112 . close shot three they argue a while , then Mary say : " let 's go over to coffee dan' . " estelle say that she will not remain long . the young man take each by a arm and they start out . fade out fade in 113 . int . coffee dan' full shot the table be pretty well fill by a fairly well - dress crowd . some even be in evening clothes . there be a general air of hilarity , but no drink be in evidence . next to a table fill by people in evening clothes , they woman bedeck with diamond , be a table at which sit several tough - look character . but there be not many of this . Men waiter dash back and forth carry mostly ham and egg , the piece de resistance of a coffee Dan meal . at the piano on the platform sit Frank James , tortoise shell - bespectacle musician and entertainer as well as master of ceremony . in the background , up near the platform , be a small table at which sit Jack Robin and buster billing . 114 . close - up table Jack and buster be eat heartily with all the gusto that characterize a healthy appetite that have be whetted by lengthy fasting . they look up at Frank and grin happily . 115 . close - up frank he look down at they , give they a signal , then walk to the edge of the platform nearest they . 116 . full shot room Frank be try to get the diner to be quiet . the people at the table gradually hush they noise . Jack and buster shove they plate away in complete satisfaction . 117 . close - up frank he have a hand upraise as he look over the crowd . then he cast a look down at Jack 's table and wink as he start announce : title 33 : " and now I be go to ask Mr. Jack Robin to sing something . Mr. Robin be the famous tenor from petaluma . " back to scene . he wink again as he look down at the table . 118 . close shot table Jack be shrink back in a embarrassed manner . buster reach over and clap he on the back , tell he to be a good sport , that they all do it there , even the big one in grand opera . 119 . mo . shot table the people at the table be look at Jack and hammer on the table with they hammer in a encourage manner . 120 . close - up jack and buster Jack dumbly accuse buster of frame he , but the latter just laugh . Jack finally pull himself together as he realize that there be no out for he . 121 . mo . shot table and platform as Frank lean down with hand extend , Jack stand up , straighten he coat , and join he . Frank give he a hand and yank he up on the platform , where they go into a conference as to what Jack be to sing . 122 . long shot from platform Jack and Frank be in the foreground at the piano talk . in the background , a group appear at the foot of the stair just enter the place . it be the group from the vaudeville theater . Mary be in front , and as the head waiter motion to they , they enter the place and be seat at a table just in front of the platform as Frank sit down at the piano and start play for Jack , who have advanced to the edge of the platform . 123 . close - up jack he start to sing he song . ( the song , which be to be vitaphon , should be one especially write for the occasion , as any current number would be out of date long before the picture have play every theater equip for vitaphone by release time . ) 124 . mo . shot from floor the table at which Mary and she party be seat be in the immediate foreground . they be pay attention only to the waiter who be stand over they await they order , as Jack be sing . Mary , attract by he voice , look away from the group wonderingly as she listen . 125 . close - up mary she be look up at Jack curiously as she listen . this be something new to she . 126 . close - up jack he be sing , he eye aim toward the back of the place . as though feel the attraction of Mary 's gaze , he eye slowly come down . as they meet that of Mary , he gulp and almost break . with a effort , he continue sing , he eye on the girl . 127 . close shot group at table Mary still have she eye on the singer . the other of the group , estelle and Ben thorpe , be look at Jack as they see he look intently at Mary . they turn to she and start kid she about she conquest . she kid they in return and do not look at Jack again . she be again she usually reserve self , a girl intensely interested in she work and wrap up in she career . 128 . mo . shot jack he be bring he song to a close . as he do , Frank get up quickly and shake hand with he . Jack be embarrassed at this and , at Frank 's instigation , he turn and bow to the audience and jump down from the platform hurriedly as though in fear that he would be call on again . 129 . full shot room the diner be applaud and pound on the table with they hammer . Jack , in the background , be see go to he table , where buster rise and slap he on the back and compliment he on he work . the diner be still applaud and Jack turn and bow to they . buster try to get he to go up again but he shake he head and sit down at he table . 130 . close - up jack and buster buster be still compliment Jack , but the latter 's eye have wander to the table occupy by Mary and she companion . buster follow he gaze . his face light up with recognition . Jack note this and turn to he eagerly say : " do you know she ? " buster say : " which she ? " Jack indicate Mary . buster nod : " sure I know she -- I be go over and say hello . " Jack start to follow , then subside , he eye on buster . 131 . close shot mary table Mary be say to thorpe : title 34 : " well , I be go to tell berg about he -- with a voice like that -- " buster come up as she be talk . he shake hand with Mary and estelle , and thorpe be introduce . as they shake hand , estelle spot Jack and tell buster to ask Jack over . buster wave he hand and sit down . 132 . close - up jack he see the signal and jump up eagerly . then with a effort to slow down in order to hide he eagerness to meet Mary , he walk slowly over to the table . 133 . close shot mary table buster be tell they about Jack , when the latter appear . buster present he , and Mary ask he to sit down in the chair next to she . he do so . Mary turn to he and ask he something about himself , first congratulate he on he sing . 134 . full shot room Frank go to the piano and start a dance number . the couple flock out to the little dance space . thorpe ask estelle to dance and she get up . Mary and Jack be deep in conversation . 135 . close shot mary table as estelle and she escort move away in the dance , buster look at Jack and start to say something . neither pay any attention to he . he make a facetious excuse , then get up . they never notice he leave . 136 . full shot room buster thread he way through the dancer and climb up on the platform . he go over to Frank and sit down on the stool alongside of he . Frank start to talk to he while he be play . 137 . close - up jack and mary Jack thanks she for she approval of he song . then , after a moment of embarrassment , Jack tell she that he have see she act on the orpheum . he say : title 35 : " I catch you act in the orpheum at Salt Lake -- I think you be great ! " he lean over toward she in a gesture of boyish enthusiasm rather than one of forwardness . Mary smilingly acknowledge the compliment . she ask he where he play in that city . Jack reply : title 36 : " oh , I sing in a movie house there -- and I have be two week get here . " he pause and look at she in a sidelong glance to see if , know the truth about he , she would regard he any differently . she give he a quick look of sympathy , then say : title 37 : " if you come over to the orpheum tomorrow at 2:00 , I would like to introduce you to the manager . " Jack look at she wonderingly . he have be buffete about so much that he have long since lose confidence in he own ability . he ask Mary eagerly if she think he can make the grade there . the girl nod and say : title 38 : " I think you voice would get you a long way on the big time -- you sing jazz , but it 's different -- there 's a tear in it . " Jack look at she gratefully . he be close to a tear now himself . the girl smile at he in a purely impersonal manner as he reach out he hand toward hers in a impulsive gesture . then he slowly withdraw it without touch hers . fade out fade in 138 . int . rabinowitz home the cantor , much older and more feeble than when we last see he , be seat at the table in the live room . his beard be almost white and the hair about he temple be white and thin . there be deep line in he face , but a look of resignation have take the place of the indomitable sternness that mark he appearance ten year before . at he side be stand a little jewish boy , moey -- a youngster of about ten -- a typical ghetto child of the underf , frail build . he be sing and the old man be nodd he head in time as he do so . 139 . close shot both the cantor suddenly stop the boy . he tell he that he be sing it wrong . he add : title 39 : " you must sing it with a sigh -- like you be cry out to you God . " he motion to he to sing it again . the boy try it and be again stop , this time more impatiently by the cantor . 140 . close - up cantor he look at the boy and he mind seem to wander . there be a misty look in he eye as he say : title 40 : " I wish I have my jakie here -- he could show you how to sing it -- he have a voice like a angel . " 141 . close shot both moey look up at he curiously . the old man have turn he eye back into the past and be oblivious to the boy 's presence until moey look up and say : title 41 : " he run away from home , do not he , you boy ? " the old man look at the boy , suddenly awaken from he reverie . his face set and he lip compress as he say , very slowly : title 42 : " I have not get any boy . " back to scene . moey look up at he wonderingly . the old man look away and moey , boylike , be persistent . he try it again : title 43 : " but Mike lefkowitz say you boy be a singer in a theayter way out west -- in Pittsburgh or buffalo . " the cantor look down at moey as though he just faintly hear he . he shake he head , say to himself , " I have no boy . " then he rise quickly from the chair and say to the boy : title 44 : " that be all for today -- come back tomorrow . " 142 . mo . shot room the boy start out of the room at this , and the cantor sit down again and be deep in think as moey exit . fade out fade in 143 . rabinowitz live room Mrs. rabinowitz be seat in the rock chair , just opposite and a short distance from yudelson . both have age considerably . yudelson be better dress and have more of the air of a prosperous citizen . his beard be neatly trim and he wear well - tailore clothes . Mrs. rabinowitz 's hair be grayer and there be deeper line in she face . she be lean over , listen to yudelson who have a letter in he hand from which he be read . 144 . close shot both yudelson look up from the letter as he say : " y ' understand what he mean ? " he start to explain . but Mrs. rabinowitz stop he and say : title 45 : " what else do jakie say in the letter ? " yudelson start to read again . Sara lean over closer so that she will not miss a word . 145 . close - up yudelson he be read the letter with elaborate gesticulation . insert letter omaha , June 4th . dear mama : I think you would like to know I be get along great in vaudeville , and maybe I will soon be a headliner , and a wonderful girl whose name be Mary Dale get I my big chance out in ' Frisco . maybe I will be in New York soon . you loving son , jakie p.s. you can write I care State - Lake theater , Chicago . remember the name be Jack Robin . back to scene . yudelson look up as he finish read . 146 . close shot both Mrs. rabinowitz ask yudelson what jakie mean by headliner . yudelson explain , and the old lady be thoughtful a moment . 147 . close - up mother she hesitates a moment , then turn to yudelson and say : title 46 : " read it again , what he say about the girl . " 148 . close shot both yudelson again read the passage about Mary Dale . he look at Mrs. rabinowitz as though realize what she be think of . he say : " nu , anything else ? " Mrs. rabinowitz hesitates , then say : title 47 : " maybe he be fall in love -- and by she name she be a shiksa . " yudelson think a moment , then shrug he shoulder . he say : title 48 : " maybe not -- you know jennie Levi on the theayter be Genevieve Leeds . " the old lady be relieved at this solution of she problem . yudelson hand she back the letter . she thanks he and he start to get up . fade out fade in 149 . long shot backstage it be the stage of the state-lake theater in Chicago , and a matinee performance be in progress . there be the usual activity among the stagehand preparatory to change the set . the act which be now on be a dance act , and there be only a fleeting glimpse of the dancer through the aperture of a narrow entrance . ( a novel effect may be have by shoot through the first entrance so that [ there be ] a view of part of the audience as well as some of the dancer who be downstage . the dance music may be reproduce by the vitaphone . ) 150 . mo . shot stage through entrance from another angle there be a more complete view of the dancer . Mary Dale , the principal of the act , be see do a movement of she dance . ( this should be of such grace and technique that would warrant headline position for Mary . ) as the dance come to a close , a figure come into the foreground , and a side view show that it be Jack Robin in blackface . he applaud from the wing as Mary finish . apparently he be just ready to go on with he act , or have just finish and be watch Mary before he take the make - up off he face . 151 . close - up jack he be applaud vigorously . title 49 : orchard Street would have have some difficulty in recognize jakie rabinowitz of Beth - El choir under the burnt cork of Jack Robin . back . he take a step forward as though to meet the recede dancer as she bow repeatedly in make she exit . 152 . mo . shot same Mary almost back into Jack as she come off the stage , and he put out a hand to catch she arm . the support dancer have exite on the other side . there be just time for a exclamation of surprise from Mary as she go on the stage again for another bow . she turn to Jack as she get to he and put a hand on he arm , as he compliment she on she dance . 153 . close - up jack and mary she say to Jack with a humorous gleam in she eye : title 50 : " I do not know what I would do , Jack , if it be not for the encouragement you give I . " she laugh as she say this and Jack , realize that she be kid he , say , in a rather embarrassed manner : title 51 : " well , you know I be just crazy about -- you act . " it be evident that he lose he nerve as he be about to tell she that it be she he be crazy about . Mary start for she dress room , but be suddenly awaken to the fact that the audience be still applaud and she turn quickly to the entrance . 154 . mo . shot same Mary be out on the stage bow to the audience again . she bow several time as she back into the narrow space again where Jack await she . 155 . full shot stage as Jack and Mary walk toward the dress room , several person on the stage observe they . two of the girl in the dance act who be stand at a door on the balcony overlook the stage look at they and turn to each other . 156 . close - up girl one of they , indicate Jack and Mary , say to the other : title 52 : " he 's surely goofy about she . " the other one nod and say : title 53 : " but he be not get a chance -- no mammy singer for Mary . " back to scene . one open the door and they go into girl ' dress room , through the door of which may be see the girl in various stage of dishabille . 157 . mo . shot jack and mary they be stand in front of the door of the stage dress room . Jack start to leave , but Mary halt he tell he that she have something to show he . he look at she wonderingly . she open the door and dart into the room , return immediately with a telegram which she hand he . 158 . close - up jack and mary Jack take the telegram and look at it . it read : insert telegram new york miss Mary Dale State - Lake theater , Chicago , Ill . would you consider lead role new musical show fall open , rehearsals begin two week . Wire answer . Harry Lee back to scene . Jack 's face brighten as he finish read it . he hand back the wire to Mary , say : title 54 : " gee , it 's a great chance for you . " Mary nod , smilingly tell Jack it 's the opportunity she have be work for , ever since she begin she professional career . Jack pause a moment as realization begin to come to he that Mary 's good fortune mean the end of the happiest period of he life . he put out a hand and congratulate she , then he add falteringly : title 55 : " I will be sorry ... in one way to see you go . I ... we ... we will miss you a lot . " Mary smile tenderly . she put a hand on he arm affectionately . Jack look away as he say : title 56 : " I will never forget that it be to you I owe everything I be -- or ever will be . " Mary affect a light manner as she laugh and tell he to snap out of the gloom . Jack pull himself out of he sentimental mood to meet she assume gaiety . he ask she when she be leave and she say after the night performance the next day . 159 . full shot along dressing room as Mary and Jack be talk , the door of another room open and the head of buster billing come out . he see Jack and shout to he to hurry up and get dress . Jack , with another hesitate look at Mary during which he seem desirous of say something else , turn suddenly and leave she . she pause a moment and look after he . then with a smile , she enter she own room and close the door . note : play a romantic scene in blackface may be something of a experiment and very likely a unsuccessful one . as a alternative , should it not prove as effective as desire , there could be a scene after no. 161 in Jack 's dress room , show he enter in blackface and start take off the make -up . 160 . int . jack room he enter , follow by buster , who be urging he to get clean up and dress . Jack turn to the table , hesitates , and turn around to buster . 161 . close - up both Jack tell he of Mary 's good fortune . buster nod understandingly as though to convey that he always know she would " make it . " buster look at Jack as though to read he thought . then he put a arm on Jack 's shoulder and say : title 57 : " better forget it , kid . she 's wrap up in she career -- and you get a chance for Broadway yourself if you keep up you present gait . " Jack nod and look off into space . he slowly turn and reach for the can of cold cream . fade out fade in 162 . long shot michigan avenue it be a general atmospheric shot show the traffic on the boulevard and the stately line of high building on the West side . 163 . mo . shot theater entrance it be the entrance to a place like orchestra Hall . there be a placard on a easel in the center of the lobby . 164 . close shot entrance the lettering on the placard be as follow : special matinee last chicago concert cantor rosenblatt in sacred song popular price 165 . mo . shot entrance among the people pass be Jack and buster . Jack 's eye fall on the placard and he stop . buster stop and look at Jack , who immediately shift he glance . he take a quick look at he wristwatch . 166 . close - up jack and buster Jack tell buster to go ahead add : title 58 : " forget something . run along and I will meet you at the hotel . " buster give he a wise look , shrug he shoulder , and start ahead . Jack turn as though to retrace he step ; then as he see that buster have vanish he dart into the theater lobby . 167 . mo . shot lobby Jack dash up to the box office , lay down a bill , take a ticket in return , and go quickly to the entrance through which he disappear . dissolve into : 168 . int . theater full shot from CENTER the place be fill with a fashionable throng and a generous sprinkle of jewish type , mostly the better , well - to - do Jews of both sex . the stage be set for concert . there be a small orchestra of string piece and a grand piano . a man of dignify appearance and dress in stylish afternoon clothes come out of the wing and face the audience . 169 . close - up man he announce : title 59 : " the next and last number to be sung by cantor rosenblatt will be the famous song , ' eli , eli . ' " he bow and retire . 170 . mo . shot stage as the announcer retire , cantor rosenblatt appear and take he position . he turn to the orchestra leader who give the signal for the orchestra to play the introduction . 171 . close - up cantor he start sing " eli , eli . " 172 . close shot audience in a small group sit Jack Robin . he be sit up straight , he eye fix on the cantor in a almost hypnotic stare . 173 . mo . shot stage show the cantor sing and the orchestra play . ( other shot as need for vitaphone purpose . ) 174 . close - up jack he have slump in he seat and he be listen intently , he eye still fix on the singer . 175 . reverse shot cantor it be a fairly close shot of the singer alone as Jack would see he from a seat well in front of the house . the figure slowly dissolves into the figure of Jack 's age father , cantor rabinowitz . 176 . close - up jack his eye be half close as he vision he age father sing in rosenblatt 's place . he rub a hand across he eye slowly . 177 . close - up rabinowitz the figure slowly dissolves into the real singer , rosenblatt . in this shot he finish the song . he bow and start to exit . 178 . close shot section audience they be applaud . Jack be still under the spell of the sing and he thought . the people on either side of he get up and start out . he be alone , slump down in he seat , he eye half close again as the scene slowly fade out . fade in 179 . synagogue anteroom there be about twenty jewish boy in the room , much as they be in the early part of the story . one of the boy , moey , go over to the batter old piano , which , like other furniture of the room , be exactly as it be ten year ago . moey start to play on the piano and the boy quickly gather around he . they start to sing with he . ( vitaphone . ) 180 . close - up moey he be play and sing " yes , Sir , she 's my baby " with much gusto . 181 . med. shot group all of the boy be sing with he . 182 . ext . synagogue cantor rabinowitz , much more feeble than when we last see he , be approach the door of the room in which the boy be sing . he pause as he hear the strain of unfamiliar -- and , to he ear , profane -- music . 183 . close - up cantor as he stop , he brow set in a frown and he lip tighten . he throw back he shoulder in a determine manner and start for the door . 184 . int . room mo . shot the boy be still sing the popular song to moey 's jazzy accompaniment . 185 . full shot room from piano the door open and the cantor 's rigid figure appear . one of the boy jab moey in the back with a whisper alarm . 186 . close - up moey as the other boy jab he , moey , with hardly a change in tempo , start play and sing " eli , eli " with a very sanctimonious expression on he face . 187 . mo . shot boy they , with moey , be all sing " eli , eli . " 188 . full shot room from door the boy be sing the famous wail song , as the cantor , stand in the foreground , listen uncertainly . 189 . close - up cantor he brushes a hand across he forehead in a perplex manner . he be sure that the music he hear from outside be not " eli , eli . " yet , he be get old and perhaps he ear be fail as well as he sight . maybe he have do the boy a injustice . his manner relax and he start toward the boy . ( vitaphone music be still go on . ) 190 . full shot room the cantor go over to a side of the room , hang up he batter old derby hat , and put on he familiar skullcap . one of the boy turn around and , just as though discover that the cantor have enter , he tell moey . 191 . close shot moey and boy moey give a exclamation of surprise and stop play suddenly . ( vitaphone music stop . ) the boy cease sing also and , with they best synagogue manner , they start toward the cantor to extend the usual salutation . moey go to the other side of the piano on which there be a box . he pick up the box and go toward the cantor . 192 . mo . shot cantor as moey with the box go up to he , the other boy fall in behind he . the cantor look at they in a surprised way , reach in he pocket for he glass and put they on , look at moey , and say : " nu , what be go on yet ? " moey hand the box in the direction of the cantor and start to say something . 193 . close - up moey and cantor moey stammer a moment , then reach in he pocket and , with the other hand still hold out the box , he unfold a wrinkle slip of paper with the other , hold it up , and read it : title 60 : " on the occasion of you sixtieth birthday , cantor rabinowitz , you loving choir boy wish to present you this token , with best wish for you continue peace , prosperity , and longevity . " back to scene . moey stammer over the last word and , with a sigh of relief , drop the paper . the cantor look puzzle , then a smile illumine he face as he take the box , say : title 61 : " that be a nice speech , moey -- I forget it be my birthday . " moey smile happily and , refer to the speech , he say : title 62 : " yes , my brother clarence what go to collitch , write it for I . " meanwhile , the cantor be open the box . he take out a prayer shawl , wrap in tissue paper . 194 . close - up cantor he unfold the shawl eagerly and hold it up in pleased admiration , say : title 63 : " it 's a prayer shawl ! just what I need ! " back to scene . there be a tear in he eye as he beam on the boy . 195 . mo . shot group the boy gather around he . moey assume a air of importance . 196 . close - up moey he say , in reply to the cantor 's remark : title 64 : " yes , it 's a good one . regular price nine buck , but we get it for seven-ninety - eight . " 197 . mo . shot group the cantor beam on moey again as he start wrapping the shawl up again . he put it in its box and place it on the piano , then turn to the boy . 198 . close - up cantor he assume he old familiar attitude as he address the youngster , say : title 65 : " and now we sing ' kol nidre ' some -- in a month it will be yom kippur and we must get it good . " 199 . mo . shot group the boy line up in they accustom manner , and the cantor give they the signal to begin sing . " 200 . int . live room full shot Sara be stand at the table talk to another woman , Mrs. rubin . she be untying a parcel and the other woman be watch she eagerly . 201 . close shot both as Sara unwrap the package , she take out a prayer shawl . she hold it up in admiration as she say : title 66 : " I could not think of a more nice birthday present for he . " Mrs. rubin stroke it admiringly and nod she agreement with Sara 's remark . 202 . ext . home yudelson be come along the street with several package and carry a jug of wine under he arm . he mount the step and ring the bell at the rabinowitz door . 203 . close - up yudelson he readjust the package which be slip from he hold . one of the package be see to be a large fowl , of which the foot be protrude . he transfer the jug of wine carefully to the other hand . 204 . int . home Mrs. rabinowitz hear the bell and start for the door . Mrs. rubin start to make a hurried exit out of the back door as though not desire to encounter visitor in she housedress , but be prevaile upon to remain , as Sara go to the front door to admit yudelson . Mrs. rabinowitz reappear , ushere in the visitor very ceremoniously . Mrs. rubin go up to greet the new arrival , apologize as she do for she attire . yudelson walk over to the table and dump on it he parcel with a long sigh of relief . the last thing he deposit be the jug of wine , which he set down carefully . 205 . close - up group as yudelson arrange the parcel on the table , Mrs. rabinowitz look askance at he , and Mrs. rubin start finger the fowl . he tell Sara that it be for the cantor 's birthday dinner . he pick up the long package and hand it to Sara , say : title 67 : " the turkey be from Nathan levy for the birthday dinner -- but this from I be a fine prayer shawl for the cantor . " Sara give Mrs. rubin a embarrassed look . then , thanking yudelson , she say : title 68 : " it 's awful good of you -- just what the cantor need , a new shawl . " yudelson beam proudly as Sara edge over to Mrs. rubin . yudelson start walk away . 206 . close - up both women Sara whisper to Mrs. rubin : title 69 : " now I get to exchange my present for something else again . " 207 . full shot room as Sara finish title , yudelson join the woman . he ask where the cantor be and Sara point to the synagogue next door . yudelson say he will drop in on he and exit out of the front door , leave it open behind he . Sara pick up the package , then drop that contain the shawl back on the table and take the fowl into the kitchen . Mrs. rubin tell she she must be go , and she go out with she . in the distance she be see go out of the back door . 208 . ext . STREET come along the street approach the house be Jack Robin . he be walk briskly , a leather travel bag in one hand , a cane in the other , and a straw hat set rakishly on he head . he be wear a well - fitting grey suit , tailore in excellent taste . people he pass stop and look at he as though they think such a figure be out of place in this neighborhood . he look curiously at the house in which he spend he early youth and pass up the step . 209 . ext . entrance close shot at the door which stand slightly ajar as yudelson leave it , Jack pause . his light manner leave he as he find himself again on the threshold of he home . he hesitates as though not know whether to ring the bell or walk in . he finally decide on the latter and enter the house hesitatingly . 210 . int . live room full shot Sara be visible through the door into the kitchen as Jack walk into the room rather haltingly . he lay down he bag on a chair , place he stick alongside of it , and look about to note what change have be wringht since he leave home . his attention be attract to sound from without . he pause and listen . 211 . int . choir room full shot the boy under the leadership of the cantor be sing . ( vitaphone at distance . ) 212 . mo . shot jack he recognize the air , and a look of yearn come into he eye . he brushes away a tear . then as he spy he mother in the kitchen , he cough to attract she attention . 213 . close - up mother she turn suddenly from the fowl on which she have be work . she be startle for a moment , then the look of surprise be follow by a puzzle glance at the stranger in the live room . slowly over she face come a realization of the identity of the visitor . with a glad cry she start toward the other room . 214 . int . live room mo . shot Jack see he mother come toward he and , with arm outstretch , he go forward to greet she and in a moment they be lock in each other 's arm . 215 . close - up mother and son as they kiss each other affectionately , Sara wipe the tear from she eye . there be tear of joy in Jack 's eye too . finally he hold she off and look at she with a semblance of he old impudent grin . he say kiddingly : title 70 : " you do not look a day older , mama -- just like a chicken . " Sara chide he with mock solemnity . 216 . close shot both Sara start ply Jack with question which come so fast that he be oblige to call a halt . he put a hand gently over she mouth and say , " listen , just a minute , mama . " he add : title 71 : " I just get into town and I hurried right down to see you and papa before I go to find out about my new job . " Sara look at he questioningly . he continue : title 72 : " I get a wire to come and join a new revue show -- it 's a great chance -- my name in electric light -- everything -- no more vaudeville -- I jakie rabinowitz maybe a Broadway star , mama . " Sara look at he , only half comprehend what he be talk about . finally Jack sit she down in a chair . 217 . mo . shot same Jack tell she to keep quiet a moment . then he go to he bag , open it , and extract a small jeweler 's box . he hand it to he mother , tell she it 's a little something he pick up for she . she hold it a moment as she look from Jack to the box . he say it 's for she and to open it . she do so hesitatingly , and she eye widen as she see the glitter brooch which reposis in the plush - line box . 218 . close - up mother her lip form the word " diamond " in a startle manner as she eye reflect the glitter of the jewel . she look up at Jack and say : title 73 : " be you sure it 's for I , jakie ? " 219 . mo . shot both Jack laugh as he say of course it 's for she . she shake she head at this unheard of extravagance . she tell he he should not have spend so much money for she . Jack laugh heartily . 220 close - up jack he tell she that it 's nothing at all , add : title 74 : " I get so much money , mama , rockefeller be jealous of I -- and Henry Ford be always try to borrow from I . " 221 . mo . shot both Sara get up and tell Jack that she will call he father . Jack tell she not to , that he want to look around first . he spy the piano and go over to it . 222 . close - up jack at piano he look over the piano , finger the key appraisingly , and ask when they get it . 223 . close - up SARA she say : title 75 : " the congregation present it to papa last year . " he pat she shoulder tenderly . 224 . full shot room Sara walk over to the piano as Jack sit down and start to play a jazzy tune . he get through several bar when the front door open and the cantor appear . he hesitates at the unwonted sound come from he cherish piano . 225 . close - up cantor his brow knit in a deep frown as he listen a moment . then he take a resolute step forward . 226 . full shot room from door as the cantor enter the room , he take out he glass and adjust they . Sara see he come and she put a hand on Jack 's arm to stop he , tell he that he father have arrive . Jack swing around on the stool , get up , and hurry over to greet he father . as Jack put out he hand , the cantor make no effort to take it . Sara hurry forward . 227 . close shot three Jack be say , " why , hello , papa ! " the cantor remain impassive as the frown deepen . Sara go to he and , point to Jack , say eagerly to she husband : title 76 : " look , it 's you son -- he say ' hello , papa ' to you . " Jack nod in corroboration of this news . the cantor merely stiffen . 228 . close - up cantor he glare at Jack as he demand : title 77 : " what you mean , come in my house and play on my piano you music from the street -- you jazz ? " 229 . close shot group Jack be abash at this . he hesitates and Sara rush in and take the blame for Jack play . she plead with the old man to welcome Jack , but he remain adamant . he again point a condemn finger at Jack . 230 . close - up father he almost shout at he : title 78 : " I teach you to sing to God -- to be a cantor like you father . but you like better to sing in beer hall than in the temple . you be the same now . " 231 . close shot group Sara take the cantor 's hand and plead with he , say that Jack do not deserve such treatment . Jack assume also a plead attitude . Sara tell the cantor to remember that it be he birthday . at this Jack go to he bag . 232 . close - up jack at chair he be rummage in the bag excitedly and fish out a package . he look up and say : title 79 : " sure , papa , I remember it be you birthday . see , I bring you a present too . " he unwrap it , disclose a prayer shawl . 233 . close - up cantor and wife Sara be talk to he excitedly , tell he how wonderful that jakie should remember all this year , he papa 's birthday . the cantor be beginning to weaken under this assault . Sara leave he for Jack . 234 . mo . shot room Sara go over to Jack excitedly and take the shawl from he . as she see it , there be just a second 's change when she see with dismay that it be another prayer shawl . her manner change immediately to one of excited delight . as Jack look appealingly at he father , Sara hold up the shawl for he . 235 . close - up SARA as she hold up the shawl , stroking its soft fold affectionately , she say : title 80 : " see , papa , just what you need -- a nice new prayer shawl . " she start toward he . 236 . mo . shot group Jack follow Sara to the side of the old man . he take the shawl from she and address he father say , almost tearfully : title 81 : " many happy return of the day to we cantor . ever hear that before when I be a little boy , papa ? " 237 . close shot group as the cantor stand impassively , Sara take he arm and say to he : title 82 : " look , papa , jakie be make you a speech , like when he be a little boy on you birthday . " the cantor look up as though from a reverie and , bow in a dignify manner , say : " thank you . " he make no effort to take the shawl , which Sara take . she exclaim upon the fine weave and cloth , say it be the best one the cantor have ever have , etc . Jack grow more embarrassed as the cantor show no sign of relenting and shift from one foot to another . he finally look away from he father to he mother and , take the cue from she , remark : title 83 : " sure , it 's a good one -- the best money could buy . " the old man show interest at this . he repeat the boy 's word . there be a question in he manner , or a conclusion , but seize upon it as a open , Jack eagerly declare : title 84 : " sure , papa , I be make plenty jack . and I be go to make more . ai not many can put over a mammy song like I . " he continue talk about he work . the old man' eye assume a steely glitter . Jack continue talk glibly . 238 . close - up father he glare at Jack . finally he hold up a hand for silence , then snap out : title 85 : " so you sing you dirty song in theayter now ! first on the sidewalk , then beer hall and now theayter . " 239 . close - up group Sara try to stop the old man . Jack , surprised at this new attack , try to defend himself . the old man do not want to listen . finally Jack , arouse now to the fact that he must fight to get the respect of he father , demand that he father listen to he . he grasp he father 's hand . the old man stare at he in surprise . he start to protest and Jack silence he . 240 . close - up jack he lean forward as he say , earnestly : title 86 : " you teach I to sing -- and you tell I that music be the voice of God -- and it be just as honorable to sing in the theater as in the synagogue . " 241 . close - up father and son as Jack finish title , he endeavor to continue but the old man stop he . he point to the door . Jack , with a gesture of defeat , turn away from he , toward the chair upon which be he thing . 242 . mo . shot group Sara go to the old man and plead with he not to be so hard on they only boy . the old man stiffen and wave she away . Jack start close he bag . the old man pick up the shawl and hold it to he , say that he want nothing buy with he unclean money . Jack disregard he , close the bag . Sara take it and the old man tell she to burn it if it be not take away . Jack turn to he mother . she come to he , and he put he arm around she . the old man stand like a statue wait for Jack to leave he roof . Sara kiss Jack , and he kiss she and pat she on the back . 243 . close - up jack and mother he finally disengage she hand and talk to she soothingly . he pick up he thing and start to go . then he turn and face he father . 244 . close - up father he stand look over Jack 's head , silently wait he departure . 245 . close - up jack he hesitates a moment , then address he father quietly . he say : title 87 : " some day , papa , maybe you will understand thing like mama do . " 246 . mo . shot group the father affect not to hear . he merely point to the door . Jack turn to he mother , say good - by to she again , and start toward the door . the old man stand impassively as Jack pass he on he way out . Sara make a impulsive gesture in Jack 's direction , but the old man stay she with a slight movement of he hand . slow fade out fade in 247 . full shot stage theater the camera be set upstage center and be shoot toward footlight . there be a row of twenty - four chorus girl downstage , extend across , all in rehearsal romper , and they be dance in unison . as they finish a kick , a tall lanky figure of a man in shirt - sleeve rise from the footlight and halt they with a hand in the air . he be Jim spark who put on the dance , and he start tell the girl in expressive language just what he think of they effort and where he think they belong . 248 . close - up SPARKS he finish tell they what he think of they , then tell they to watch he . although he timing and technique be correct , he effort , because of he build and attire , make he appear ludicrous . he stop and call to the piano player to do it over again . address the girl , he say : title 88 : " now let 's have some life in it -- and do not be afraid of busting anything . " 249 . full shot stage from side spark back away and the girl go into the step as he do it . he nod approvingly . a small group of people appear in the wing on the opposite side of the stage and stand watch the dancer . there be two man and a woman . 250 . close shot group camera be in wing behind they and dancer be see in the background go through they evolution . the girl turn to talk to the man at she leave , and it be see that she be Mary Dale . the man be randolph dilling , a middle - age , well - dress , rather distinguished type , a well - to - do businessman who find amusement and sometimes profit in dabbling in stage enterprise . the other man , somewhat young , be Harry Lee , the producer of the show . 251 . close - up dilling he look away from the dancer and say something to Lee . title 89 : randolph dilling whose money be behind the new edition of " April folly . " back . he be talk . 252 . close - up lee he answer dilling and turn away with a frown . title 90 : Harry Lee who be stake he reputation as a producer on the same show . he be watch the girl and nervously chew he cigar . he take out he watch and look at it . 253 . close shot three Lee turn to Mary and tell she that it be about time that the new comedian be show up . Mary smile and tell he that they need not worry about he . dilling turn to Mary anxiously and say : title 91 : " you be sure , Mary , that this discovery of yours can sing as well as hal bolton ? " Mary nod and smile confidently . she say : title 92 : " he 's better than bolton . you will not be sorry you take my advice . " the man continue to look worried , however , and Mary start to tell they more about the new comedian . 254 . ext . stage door the old man who sit in the doorway look up and instinctively put a foot across the entrance , and a second later Jack Robin appear . he be not carry the bag or cane now . otherwise he appear as he do a few hour earlier at the home of he father . he tell the old man who he be . the latter grudgingly admit he . 255 . full shot stage from wing the three be still in the foreground , and spark be drilling the girl relentlessly . they stop at the end of the dance , and spark walk over to the group . dilling step over and start to talk to he as Jack come into the scene . Mary turn as she hear he step and go to greet he . Lee stand where he be . Jack stop as he see Mary . she go to he with outstretch hand . 256 . close - up jack and mary he stand look at Mary in a surprised manner as she come into scene and greet he . Jack be still speechless except for the first " Mary Dale ! " Mary take he hand . he look at she , then blurt out : title 93 : " why , what be you do here ? " Mary laugh mischievously as she ask he if he have any objection to she be there . Jack in a embarrassed manner say that he only say that because he be so surprised to see she . he say : title 94 : " then you be in this show , too ? " Mary nod and say with mock modesty : title 95 : " I be merely the star , sir . " she look up at he and say with a smile : title 96 : " and you be to be the other star . " Jack look at she in a stunne manner . gradually he solve the riddle : it be Mary who be responsible for he summon to the big city -- the great chance at last to shine on Broadway , every actor 's ultimate goal . he start to blurt out he thanks . Mary stop he , then with a hurried look around , she tell he to wait until later and they will talk it all over . 257 . mo . shot same Lee and dilling come into the scene and Mary present Jack to they . Jack be somewhat embarrassed . he shake hand perfunctorily with dilling but be rather more impressed by Lee . dilling turn away after the introduction , and Lee , try to put Jack at he ease , ask he if he will be ready for a rehearsal that evening . Jack nod . 258 . close - up jack and lee Lee take a part book out of he pocket and hand it to Jack and tell he he will give he the song later . he say to Jack : title 97 : " you have be very highly recommend -- but we have only get one person 's word for it that you can deliver . " Jack take a step closer to Lee eagerly and tell he that he be sure that he can make good . Lee nod rather ruefully and say : title 98 : " well if you do not I be sink , because there be only two week before the open -- and dilling will be out a bunch of jack . " back to scene . Jack again assure he eagerly . 259 . mo . shot group Mary and dilling rejoin Jack and Lee . Mary 's attitude toward Jack be so friendly that dilling look askance at she . Mary and Jack start talk about the last time they see each other in Chicago . dilling break in on the conversation . Lee look at he watch and walk away toward the center of the stage . 260 . close shot three dilling turn to Mary and say that if she be ready he will take she to dinner . Mary hesitates a moment , then after a quick look at Jack , she turn to dilling and say : title 99 : " I be awfully sorry -- I just promise Mr. Robin I would have dinner with he -- I want to tell he about the play . " dilling look from one to the other and , with a inarticulate grunt of disgust , he raise he hat grudgingly and stalk out of the scene . Jack stand look at Mary dumbly . she turn and smile at he . lap dissolve into : 261 . int . cafe close - up Jack and Mary be sit in a corner of the cafe at a little table face each other . Mary be talk with animation . the waiter set down some dish before they and exit . Mary finish what she be say and Jack lean forward . he say : title 100 : " I can never -- if I live to be a million -- ever thank you , Mary , for what you have do for I . " Mary hold up a hand in mock severity , much in the attitude of a traffic cop halting a auto . she tell he to forget it . he say that he can not and do not want to forget it . she be become embarrassed under he earnestness . finally he reach over and take she hand . her eye look away from he . he lean over further and say half whisperingly : title 101 : " I suppose you think I be out of my head , but I - - I be crazy about you , Mary . " Mary look up and say promptly : title 102 : " I be crazy about you , too . " Jack look at she then , a puzzle implore look . he stammer out : title 103 : " you do not know what I mean . " Mary smile and say , " what do you mean ? " Jack take a deep breath and blurt out : title 104 : " I mean that I love you -- that I want to marry you . " Mary lean over . the smile leave she face . she stroke he hand as she say quietly : title 105 : " that be what I think you mean . " they lean over closely , look into each other 's eye . fade out fade in 262 . close - up dilling the camera be behind he and take in part of he shoulder and hand hold newspaper , without disclose he identity . dissolve into : vignetted column section which read as follow : insert newspaper " April folly , " which will be the next musical revue on Broadway , open tomorrow night at the fulton with several newcomer make they bow in New York . head the list will be Jack Robin , recruit from vaudeville , who be expect to prove a sensation , and Mary Dale , the clever danseuse , a vaudeville headliner early this season . Robin be say to have be discover by miss Dale while sing in a resort in San Francisco . dissolve into : 263 . close - up dilling from front he be seat in a very luxuriously equip office . he show much annoyance at what he have read . he crumple up the paper and throw it on the floor . then he hurl he cigar into a corner of the room . he pause a moment as though consider what to do and finally jump to he foot . 264 . full shot office dilling go quickly over to a hat tree , take he coat and hat , and exit hastily . 265 . int . theater with camera in fly gallery , unique shot may be have of chorus in action on stage in the midst of a rehearsal . Mary Dale be do she dance with the chorus . 266 . close - up mary she be see as from the front in she dance . 267 . full shot stage from wing the chorus close in behind Mary in some evolution of the dance , as Jack and another player , both in costume , come into the foreground . as the dance end , they applaud heartily , and Lee , who have take charge of the last few rehearsals , motion from the side , dismiss they . the girl troop off on the other side and Mary come over to Jack . 268 . close - up jack and mary Jack be still applaud Mary as she , slightly out of breath from she exertion , join he . he take she hand and tell she what a wonderful dancer she be . Mary smile in a deprecate manner and say : title 106 : " but it 's you who will be famous tomorrow night , Jack . it look very much as though it be you show . they be give you everything . " Jack make a nervous , self - disparage gesture . then he come closer to she and say : title 107 : " if I be the success all of you think I will be , I will only have you to thank . " Mary smile and , without say anything further , she press he hand and start out of the scene toward she dress room . 269 . full shot stage as Mary leave he , Jack turn around to look after she . he hesitates , however , as he see Lee and randolph dilling , a few step away , follow the girl with they eye , then turn and look at he . Jack start toward they , then , see that they start talk earnestly together , he turn the other way as though to go over on the other side of the stage . he go to the piano downstage . 270 . close - up lee and dilling dilling have finish say something to he as Lee 's jaw drop . he look at he in surprise and blurt out : title 108 : " you do not mean you would take you money out of the show the last minute ? " back to scene . dilling nod firmly . Lee demand to know the reason for this sudden determination . dilling point in the direction of Mary 's room and then to Jack . he say : title 109 : " just the idea of Mary 's interest in this jazz singer of yours . " back to scene . Lee start to argue with dilling , tell he that it be nothing serious . dilling , however , have guess the true state of affair . he add : title 110 : " I have no further interest in she career . just mail I a check today . " he start to leave . 271 . full shot stage as dilling leave , Lee follow he , still eagerly try to explain that there be nothing between the two principal of the show . just as he be about to exit , Mary come from she dress room and almost collide with he . Lee rush up to they and take dilling 's arm . Jack , who be at the piano , see Mary and start across stage toward the group . 272 . mo . shot group Mary take dilling 's arm , and he stop he progress somewhat unwillingly . it be evident that he wish to avoid a scene with Mary . before she can say anything , however , Lee say to Mary : title 111 : " he 's take he money out of the show on account of Jack . " dilling be grow more embarrassed . Mary look at Lee , then at dilling , not understanding at first . then she realize the true situation . she look at Lee . 273 . close - up mary and lee she smile quietly and say to Lee : title 112 : " I suppose you would like to have I say that I only regard Jack as a fellow performer . " Lee nod eagerly . the smile do not leave Mary 's face . she turn away from Lee . 274 . close - up of three as Lee lean closer to hear she answer , Mary say to dilling : title 113 : " well , I be sorry that I cannot -- or perhaps it would be better to say that I be glad . " dilling nod in quiet acquiescence . Lee look crestfallen . Mary put a hand affectionately on Lee 's arm . 275 . mo . shot group dilling be raise he hat as he endeavor again to leave , just as Jack come into the scene . Jack go up to dilling and say " how do you do " to he . the latter give he a cold look of nonrecognition , bow again stiffly to the other two , and exit , Jack look after he in mock dismay . 276 . close - up jack he look at the other two and say ruefully : title 114 : " I just get a hunch that he do not like I -- maybe he think I wear this clothes on the street . " he look down at he trick suit . 277 . close shot three Mary and Lee laugh at this sally , and as Jack join they , Mary look up at Lee , she hand on he arm : 278 . close - up mary she say to Lee : title 115 : " do it mean that you be go to be in a fix for money ? " 279 . close - up three Lee pat the girl 's hand . he hesitates , then say , " oh , I be always in a fix for money . " Mary be too much in earnest , however , to accept this light dismissal of he difficulty . she look up at he and say : title 116 : " if you need it , Mr. Lee , I have a few thousand in the savings bank , and -- " Lee stop she , tell she that she be a good kid and how much he appreciate she offer , but he will worry through all right . Jack be about to say something , when the stage doorkeeper enter and address he . Lee mop he brow in he nervousness and start away from group . Mary look after he , reflect he worry . 280 . close - up jack and doorman he be tell Jack that there be a caller for he . Jack ask again what the name be . the doorman say : title 117 : " say he name be bugelson , or something like that , and he know you when ... " Jack break in on he , he face lighting up . he tell the doorkeeper to show the man in . the doorman leave . 281 . full shot stage the chorus girl be trooping out on the stage from all side for another number when yudelson be see enter from the outer entrance . he look around puzzle , as he would be on a first visit to such a place . he stop and look around he , puzzle by the strange surroundings . 282 . close - up yudelson he be dress in he best shabbas suit as befit the business head of a prosperous congregation as well as a successful broker . he look around in a daze way and he eye fall on the girl of the chorus . he have never see that many bare knee in he life and he eye bulge . he start in the direction of the stage where the girl be congregate , in the manner of a man under a hypnotic spell . 283 . mo . shot jack Jack , who have be talk to Mary , spy yudelson and start toward he . Mary go to the stage open . 284 . close - up group of girl one of the girl in the center of the group be do some high kick and the other be critically view she effort . 285 . mo . shot stage yudelson walk right out on the stage where the girl be group , he eye fix on the kicker 's leg . Jack come up to he and take he arm , and yudelson come out of he trance . 286 . close - up yudelson and jack yudelson exclaim with pleasure as Jack take he hand and shake it , although he be still puzzle at Jack 's appearance . he shake he head as he see the change that the year have wringht in the boy . he point to the door and say : title 118 : " he do not know who I mean by Jake rabinowitz -- I forget you mama tell I you be now jakie Robin . " Jack laugh and take yudelson 's arm to walk he off the stage . 287 . full shot stage as Jack and yudelson walk toward camera , Lee call for the rehearsal of another number and the girl start take they position . yudelson , now in the immediate foreground , turn around to get another look . Jack , laugh , turn he back the other way , tell he that he 's liable to lose a eye if he do not look out . yudelson pull himself together . he turn to Jack seriously as both stop just clear of the stage . 288 . close - up both yudelson tell Jack he have a important message for he . Jack look at he , a question in he eye . yudelson say : title 119 : " tomorrow it be yom kippur and we want you should sing ' kol nidre ' in the temple . " Jack look at he in astonishment as yudelson keep talk about the meeting of the committee and how he have hold out for Jack , who look at he in surprise . he try to interrupt several time but yudelson rattles on . finally Jack take he arm and stop he , ask what it 's all about . he say : title 120 : " but what 's the matter with my father sing , Mr. yudelson ? " yudelson look surprised , then say : " I forget to tell you , you papa be sick . " Jack be alarmed at this . he ask how long he have be sick and if he illness be serious . yudelson say : title 121 : " it 's be two week -- since the day you be there -- and he 's get a good doctor -- Dr. o'shaughnessy from the rockefeller Institute . " Jack look thoughtful . 289 . close - up jack he be say to himself : " two week -- since the day I be there . " 290 . close - up both Jack look at yudelson as though weigh he request . yudelson continue with he argument , say that some of the committee be against it , but he insisted because they all owed he money . as a final argument he say to Jack , eagerly : title 122 : " it would be a fine surprise for you papa if you sing . " Jack shake he head slowly . he say , " but he throw I out of the house only two week ago . " yudelson nod and reply : title 123 : " sure , he throw you out but a son 's a son no matter if he be throw out twenty time by he papa . " back to scene . Jack smile at yudelson 's eagerness to overcome he objection . he look toward the stage , then turn to the old man , shaking he head as he say , with a air of finality : title 124 : " but , Mr. yudelson , we show open tomorrow night -- it 's the chance I have dream of for year -- I can not do what you ask . " yudelson shrug he shoulder hopelessly and start to turn . 291 . mo . shot same as yudelson turn , Mary come into scene . yudelson pause and look at she . Jack , somewhat embarrassed as Mary look from he to yudelson , introduce they . yudelson give she a admire look . he give Jack a look of approval as though personally compliment he on he good taste . realizing instinctively that the girl have some influence with Jack , he try to prevail on she to persuade Jack to do what he want . 292 . close - up three Mary look at yudelson , then at Jack . the latter explain the situation . Mary look at yudelson , full of sympathy but unable to help he . she shake she head as she tell he the impossibility of he wish come true . yudelson shake hand with Jack , then with Mary and turn to leave . 293 . mo . shot same as yudelson walk slowly away , Lee come into the scene . he pause and look toward the stage . 294 . close - up lee he yell to the girl : title 125 : " remember , dress rehearsal at two tomorrow -- and I do not want anyone drift in at five after two . " he turn to the other . 295 . close - up jack and mary Jack be on the verge of tear and Mary pat he shoulder softly . fade out fade in 296 . live room cantor' home yudelson be sit in a rock chair read a yiddish newspaper . Mrs. rubin be use a broom on the floor . she come over to yudelson and start to talk with he . 297 . close - up both the woman point to the bedroom door and ask yudelson if he think the cantor will recover . yudelson affect a facetious manner in order to cover up he grief . he say , flippantly : title 126 : " be I a doctor or a riddle guesser you should ask I such question ? I be worry now about who sing ' kol nidre ' when yom kippur begin tonight . " 298 . mo . shot same Mrs. rubin shake she head sadly and continue she work . see that he be not observe , yudelson take out he handkerchief surreptitiously and give he eye a furtive wipe . he look toward the bedroom door in the background as it open , and a young woman in nurse 's garb come into the room . yudelson get up and rush to she with a question as to how the cantor be get along . she shake she head , and yudelson drop into the chair as the nurse proceed to the kitchen . 299 . int . bedroom full shot cantor rabinowitz , pale and emaciate , be lie helplessly on the bed . his eye be open and be fix on the figure of Sara who be busy herself about the room . he motion feebly to she , and she hasten over to he side . she sit in the chair at the bedside and lean over closely to hear what he have to say , gently stroking he hand which she have take . 300 . close - up cantor and wife he ask she to lean closer and as she do he start to whisper to she . 301 . close - up cantor he look at he wife pathetically . he say hesitatingly : title 127 : " it 's yom kippur tonight -- the first time in forty - five year I do not sing in the temple . " 302 . close - up both Sara pat he hand soothingly and tell he not to worry about that -- that he will be well sooner if he do not worry . his eye be in the past , however , and he be not listen to she . he continue : title 128 : " it will be the first time in five generation a rabinowitz have not sung on the Day of atonement . " he close he eye as he say this and be silent for awhile . Sara continue stroking he hand . 303 . mo . shot live room Mrs. rubin be again talk to yudelson . he be try to get she to quit talk . 304 . close - up both she lean over and , undismay by he manner , she ask with many gesture : title 129 : " but who will sing tonight in the cantor 's place ? " yudelson make a gesture of repulsion . he wave she away with : title 130 : " you should let I worry about that -- I be the chairman . " he try to read again . she ask he why they do not get jakie back . he ignore she and say : title 131 : " anyhow , it will not be that croaker levy who will sing . " 305 . full shot room Mrs. rubin hear a ring at the door and hurry to the entrance . yudelson get up as Dr. o'shaughnessy enter . he be a big husky , grey - haire irishman , and he greet the two of they heartily , as one would very old friend . 306 . int . bedroom close - up the cantor still have he eye close , and Sara be stroking he forehead . without open he eye , he reach up and put he withere old hand on that of hers . he open he eye and smile wanly at she . then he say : title 132 : " I be dream jakie come back to sing ' kol nidre ' - - " 307 . close - up cantor he pause a moment , then continue : title 133 : " maybe God would forgive he -- if he would come tonight and sing . " he close he eye . 308 . close - up both Sara look startle as the idea come into she mind of get jakie . she remove she hand and look down to measure the possible effect of she departure . 309 . full shot room as Sara be nervously consider she next step , the door open and the doctor enter , solving Sara 's problem for the moment . she tell the cantor that the doctor be here and that she will go away for a little while . the nurse follow the doctor into the room and Sara exit . 310 . int . live room as Sara enter , she go hurriedly to yudelson . Mrs. rubin come over hastily in fear of lose a word . 311 . close - up group Sara tell yudelson that she be go to get jakie . the latter tell she it 's no use , but she be insistent , and he agree to go along . Sara tell Mrs. rubin to remain there until they return . 312 . int . bedroom mo . shot the doctor be lean over the sick man , listen to he heart with a stethoscope . the cantor 's eye be close . the nurse stand at the side of the doctor . he raise up , fold the stethoscope , and look at the nurse . they exchange a look which both understand as leave little hope for the life of the cantor . fade out fade in 313 . theater stage from front the orchestra be in the foreground , and the curtain be down . in the immediate foreground be empty seat in the first few row of the house , and several man with hat on be sit down front . Lee be among they . he call out something , and the orchestra start to play the curtain music . ( this may be vitaphon with good effect . ) 314 . close - up lee and other man the man with he be a typical businessman of hebraic type -- the sort that one find financing show on Broadway . Lee turn to he and say : title 134 : " a dress rehearsal be not the easiest thing on the nerve . " the other man nod sympathetically . he reply : title 135 : " if that new jazz singer be what you say he be -- we have get nothing to worry about . " 315 . full shot stage from front the man be in the foreground as before , and Lee nod anxiously as the other man finish the title . the orchestra give a signal and the curtain go up , show the line of girl across the stage for they first number . ( this should be vitaphon and the volume cut down to a minimum when we cut to the follow scene in the dress room . ) 316 . int . jack dressing room Jack be dress and be just beginning to put on he facial make - up when Mary enter . she pirouettes before he and pout as he evince only a slight interest in she . she stop and go over to he . 317 . close - up jack and mary Mary put a hand on Jack 's shoulder and , point to she costume , as he turn around , say to he : title 136 : " you have not say a word about my nice new costume for the first dance . " back . Jack give himself a mental dig and assume a air of much interest . Mary , however , have lose she interest in Jack 's reaction to she appearance by this time . she realize that Jack be worried about he father . she ask he if that be what be worry he . Jack shake he head . he say : title 137 : " no , I have only one thing on my mind now -- the open tonight . " he turn to he make -up . Mary shake she head . she know that the other matter be worry he more than that . Jack start to blacken he face . 318 . long shot stage this be a shot downward from fly gallery , show one of the ensemble dance number in progress , just as it would be be the performance really on . the chorus fall back and two adagio dancer come on . 319 . mo . shot stage from front the adagio dancer do a part of they routine . 320 . close - up dressing room Jack have just about complete he make -up . Mary be sit on a chair a short distance away . they be talk as Jack put the finish touch to he make - up , the enlarge of the lip . Mary lean over . 321 . close - up both Mary ask he just what yudelson want of he . Jack explain about the age - old custom , which mark the observation of yom kippur . Mary nod as he explain . she say : title 138 : " and they want you to sing tonight in he place ? " back . Jack nod . he throw out he hand in a eloquent gesture as he tell she how hopeless it be . he add as he lean over earnestly : title 139 : " I do not really belong there -- here 's where I belong , on Broadway , but there 's something in the blood that sort of call you -- something apart from this life . " Mary nod understandingly . she say : title 140 : " I think I understand , Jack . but no matter how strong the call , this be you life . " 322 . mo . shot same Jack nod and get up . he inspect he make - up in the glass closely . Mary look at herself in the long glass at the other side of the room as the stage doortender enter . he pause in the door and , as Jack see he , he tell Jack that there be someone at the door to see he . 323 . close - up doortender he say apologetically : title 141 : " it 's the old bird who be here yesterday -- and he 's get a lady with he . " 324 . full shot room Jack stand and stare at he . Mary start for the door say that she will leave . Jack motion to she to remain . 325 . long shot toward door before the old doorman can turn , yudelson enter , follow by Sara . she be wear a shawl over she housedress , just as she leave in she haste . as Jack see she he go rapidly toward she , cry , " mama ! " she stand and look at he in a puzzle way . he go up and take she hand in he . he start to kiss she , then remember she [ sic ] make - up . Sara hold he off as yudelson come up to they , look at Jack in a puzzle manner . 326 . close - up three Sara look at Jack , eager though puzzle , and say : title 142 : " jakie , this be not you ... " yudelson add : title 143 : " it talk like jakie , but it look like a nigger . " Sara wave yudelson aside , tell Jack that she have something to ask he . Jack ask she to sit down , and he sit down opposite she . she start pour out she grief in a uninterrupted flow of word . 327 . full shot room Mary be stand in the doorway , in the foreground . she look intently from the mother to she son , she gaze rest on he to see , if possible , what the result of this visit will be . then she turn slowly and leave they , a worried frown on she face . 328 . close - up mother and son he be lean close as she talk . he try to interrupt she with a hopeless gesture , but she motion to he to listen to she . she continue : title 144 : " for generation God have hear a rabinowitz sing every Day of atonement ... " she pause for a breath and add : title 115 : " maybe you papa be die . God will ask he and he will have to tell he he only son be sing in a theayter instead ... " she lean over closer and plead with he . 329 . close - up yudelson he lean over and add he argument : title 146 : " and if you do not come , there be only levy the shammas to sing -- with a voice like a frog . " he give a gesture of disgust . 330 . close - up mother and son Jack take she hand tenderly and tell she that what she ask be impossible , that they be all depend on he -- that this be the one big chance of he life . Fame and fortune will be he if he succeed . he add : title 147 : " and that 's what you be ask I to give up . " he give she a plead look . 331 . full shot room gene , the stage manager , come to the door and summon Jack . he start to get up and Sara cling to he . Mary enter again , worried about Jack . 332 . close - up gene he say to Jack that the orchestra be already play he introduction . 333 . close - up jack and mother he unfasten she hand gently from he . he tell she that he must go on the stage and tell she to wait . 334 . mo . shot room Jack start out of the room with he mother 's last plea ringing in he ear . Mary go to she and put she arm around she . yudelson follow Jack out curiously . 335 . full shot stage from front the chorus be line up look toward entrance at which Jack be expect . the orchestra be play the introduction to he song as he enter . he speak the few line which serve as a introduction to he song and then begin sing it . note : the rendition of the song will have to be govern entirely by the vitaphone routine decide upon . the scene herewith be only that necessary to carry on the story . in all scene before he exit , the voice of Jack be hear in volume accord to the distance from he . 336 . close - up jack he go into the first bar of he song . 337 . mo . shot outside room yudelson and Sara be watch through the wing , but back in the passage lead to the outside door . Mary ask Mrs. rabinowitz if she do not want to go closer . she point to the stage but the mother shake she head . 338 . close - up yudelson he be listen , a ear cocked stageward . he nod as he say , half to himself : title 148 : " yes , that 's jakie -- with the cry in the voice , just like in the temple . " he look away hurriedly . 339 . mo . shot yudelson two girl in very scant attire make he forget Jack for the moment as they pass close to he . he look after they in a daze and start to follow they . 340 . full shot passage Mary still have a arm around Sara . the latter , overcome by emotion , start for the door . Mary try to hold she because of Jack . 341 . close - up both as Mary endeavor to persuade Sara to remain , Sara tearfully say that she must go . she turn to Mary and say , hopelessly : title 149 : " here he belong -- if God want he in his house , he would have keep he there . " Mary nod understandingly . Sara start for the door . 342 . full shot same Mary start with Sara . yudelson suddenly see they go toward the door . he look after the two girl who have attract he attention , as though not know which to follow , then reluctantly follow Sara . in the doorway Mary lean over and kiss Sara . the latter grasp the girl 's arm eagerly . 343 . close - up mary and SARA the mother say to she : title 150 : " tell he maybe he can see he papa anyhow before it be too late . " Mary nod and Sara exit . Mary look after she sorrowfully . 344 . mo . shot stage Jack be sing . 345 . close - up lee and gene they be stand in the wing . they look at each other in speechless admiration of Jack 's sing . 346 . long shot through wing Jack finish song and make exit . as he come into foreground , he be surround by Lee , gene , Mary , and several of the other principal . they grab he hand and congratulate he . he smile gratefully . 347 . close - up jack and lee the latter be enthusiastically pump Jack 's hand as he say : title 151 : " wonderful , Jack !! you be actually cry . do it that way tonight and you be a hit on Broadway ! " he drop Jack 's hand and turn to gene with instruction for the next act . 348 . mo . shot outside dressing room that surround Jack fall away from he as Mary go to he . she take he hand and shake it . she pantomime that he mother have go . then she turn and leave . Jack wipe a white glove across he eye , leave a white streak on he damp face . he come slowly toward the camera and enter the door of he dress room . 349 . mo . shot room Jack go slowly to one of the chair in the room , drop heavily into it , and then lean over and put he blacken face into the white glove . slow fade out fade in 350 . choir room synagogue yudelson be preside at a meeting of the synagogue trustee . he be seat at the head of the little cheap table with a very important air . there be four other , all in they holiday clothes . one be levy , the shammas , or sexton , a little scrawny fellow with a straggling beard . two other have the long orthodox beard , and the fifth member of the committee be clean -shaven , a prosperous jewish businessman . yudelson say something and they all start talk at once . levy finally attract the attention of yudelson . he get up and try to speak . yudelson endeavor to quiet he , but levy be insistent . 351 . close - up levy he hold out both hand pleadingly , as he say : title 152 : " gentlemen , I think it should be I who should sing in the cantor 's place . I - - " 352 . close shot table yudelson interrupt he , pound on the table and order he to sit down . he insist that he be chairman and must be listen to . 353 . close - up yudelson he yell out at levy : title 153 : " do you think , schlemiel , we congregation pay for special music to hear you squawk like a tomcat yet ? " he glare at levy . 354 . close shot group levy subside with a beat gesture . his lifelong wish to sing " kol nidre " have be dash to the ground . yudelson continue rub it in . 355 . close - up yudelson he say , still glaring at levy and desire to rub it in : title 154 : " we beloved cantor be very sick next door -- if he hear you sing , he die sure . " 356 . close shot group they all start argue , and yudelson take out he watch and tell the committee that the meeting be over . they surround he and bombard he with question as to who be go to sing . he throw up he hand hopelessly and start out of the door , just as the boy of the choir start arrive . 357 . rabinowitz live room Sara be sit in the rock chair , rock slowly back and forth . her eye be swollen with cry . her grief have reach the bottom - most depth . every few moment she look toward the bedroom door as though expect some message from the sick chamber . 358 . close - up SARA as she rock slowly . she look toward the bedroom , then suddenly wipe she eye and get up . 359 . full shot room the nurse be just come out of the door . Sara go toward she , but the nurse motion for silence as Sara reach she side . 360 . close - up nurse and SARA the nurse whisper to she : title 155 : " he 's asleep . " Sara turn to resume she chair as the nurse go toward the kitchen . 361 . ext . house a taxicab drive up quickly , and before it stop Jack be out of the door . he pay the driver and dash up the step . Jack be dress for the street in well - tailore but quietly style clothes . he ring the bell . 362 . close - up at door the door be open and Sara appear . she look at Jack in surprise , then throw she arm around he say : title 156 : " you come to sing , jakie ? you come to sing ? " Jack shake he head say , " I come to see papa . " they go into the house . 363 . ext . synagogue the door be open and there be a steady stream of people enter , Jews , old and young , bearded and clean -shaven , woman in shawl and stylish street attire . occasionally a fine automobile drive up and a prosperous family get out , while the livery chauffeur hold open the door . yom kippur be about to begin , the one holiday of the year when even the least orthodox Jews think of they religion . it be approach sundown and the sink orb be casting long shadow into the East side street . 364 . int . house full shot live room Jack and he mother be stand in the middle of the floor , talk to the nurse . the nurse be shaking she head . 365 . close shot group the nurse say as she shake she head that Dr. o'shaughnessy would not want the sick man 's sleep disturb . Jack plead with she . 366 . close - up jack he take the nurse 's arm pleadingly and say : title 157 : " I will be awful quiet -- I just want to look at he . " 367 . close - up group the nurse finally succumb to Jack 's eloquent plead and start over toward the bedroom door , follow by Jack and he mother . 368 . mo . shot group they reach the door . the nurse caution Jack to be very quiet as she slowly open the door . she motion for Sara to remain behind . Sara burst into tear as she turn away . Jack enter and the nurse close the door softly behind he . 369 . full shot bedroom the old cantor be lie with he eye close as Jack enter on tiptoe . he walk very quietly over to the bed where he stand for a moment , then he drop down to he knee beside the bed and give way to he grief . 370 . close - up jack and cantor Jack , with eye stream , put out a hand to touch that of he father , then , fear that he will wake he with serious result , he withdraw he hand . his shoulder be shaking convulsively with suppress sob , and he suddenly bury he face in he hand , which be rest on the bed . the old man 's eyelid flutter for a moment . his eye slowly open and he look over and see the bow head of he son . 371 . close - up cantor there be just the faintest flicker of a smile on the want face of the die man . with a effort he slowly move he hand over until it rest on Jack 's head in a unspoken bless . Jack 's hand come up and grasp that of he father . 372 . close - up jack and father with a sudden impulsive gesture Jack grasp the hand of he father and kiss it . then the old man' eye close and Jack look suddenly around to the door . 373 . close - up nurse at door she be motion for Jack to come out . as she do , the figure of the doctor appear behind she . 374 . full shot room as the doctor enter , Jack go to the door . he grasp the doctor 's hand and the doctor greet he heartily , though quietly . Jack point to the bed in mute inquiry . the doctor say , quietly : " I be afraid not . " he go toward the bed and Jack with stream eye start slowly out of the room . 375 . ext . house it be now almost dark and light be beginning to flicker . a taxicab drive up hurriedly and Mary and Lee get out of it . Lee tell the driver to wait for they . Mary by this time be look at the number to verify the place . they hurry up the step and Mary ring the bell . 376 . int . live room full shot yudelson and Mrs. rabinowitz be stand at the door of the bedroom as the bell ring . Sara tell yudelson to go to the door . as he start for it , the door of the bedroom open and Jack , wiping he eye , come slowly out and into he mother 's arm . 377 . mo . shot at door yudelson admit Mary and Lee . they both ask at once for Jack , and as they see he they go quickly toward he . 378 . close - up jack and mother Jack 's attention be attract by the newcomer . he look at they in surprise and half push he mother away to greet they . he be still in a daze but realize the nature of they mission . 379 . mo . shot group Mary and Lee each take one of Jack 's hand and ply he with question as to what he be go to do . yudelson and Sara exchange significant glance . 380 . close - up door levy the shammas enter hurriedly . 381 . full shot room levy enter and go quickly to yudelson . he tell he that the congregation be wait for the service to begin and suggest that he be designate to sing . 382 . close - up two men yudelson greet this suggestion angrily . he yell at levy : title 158 : " you do not sing -- even if I get to do it myself . " back . in a crestfallen manner , levy retire . yudelson stand and look at the other speculatively . then a determine look come over he feature . 383 . full shot room as Jack argue with Lee and Mary , Sara enter the group . she beg Jack to sing , for the sake of he father . yudelson walk to the side of the room and take the cantor 's praying shawl and skull cap which be hang up . he carry they over to Jack and hold they in front of he . 384 . close shot group with yudelson and he mother on one side and Lee and Mary on the other , Jack be besiege by the old life and the new , filial duty against he life 's ambition , the past against the future . he stand stare from one to the other . 385 . close - up lee he hold out he hand appealingly . he say : title 159 : " you can not throw away this one great chance , Jack -- the house sell out -- and it will ruin I too ! " he look to Mary for help . 386 . close shot group Mary add she entreaty to that of Lee , while Sara take the shawl and cap from yudelson and hold they out to Jack mutely . Jack look slowly from Mary to mother , then he stare ahead as though try to pierce the curtain of the future . fade out fade in 387 . theater lobby night people in evening clothes be pass into the brilliantly light lobby . there be a line at the box office . in the center of the lobby be two large easel contain photograph . several person pause before they . 388 . close - up easel one of the easel contain a full - length portrait of Mary Dale in ballet costume and the other a full - length portrait of Jack Robin in blackface . there be a couple stand beside it , and the man say to the woman that this fellow will be the hit of the town . they pass in . 389 . mo . shot lobby the people be still pass into the lobby . dissolve into : # # # . int . theater it be a shot from about the center of the audience show the front part of the house fill with people in evening dress . several late arrival enter . the orchestra have presumably just finish the overture when a man in tuxedo step from behind the curtain at one side of the stage . he walk onto the apron and start make a announcement . 390 . close - up man he say that he regret to announce that because of some unforeseen occurrence , the plan for open the " April folly " have have to be change at the last moment , and he add : title 160 : " the unfortunate accident to we chief comedian , Mr. Jack Robin , occur too late to fill he place . we hope that you will pardon ... " he continue the announcement , finish , then bow and make he exit . 391 . full shot theater from stage the people in the theater be get up and leave . fade out fade in 392 . full shot cantor' bedroom the doctor be at the bedside of the die man . at the other side sit Sara , while the nurse be busy at a nearby table . Sara realize that the end be near , and she be hold the hand of the old man as she weep quietly . 393 . close - up bed the cantor be lie on he back with eye close . just the outline of Sara be visible . ( vitaphone of sing start very dimly as though from the synagogue next door . as the sound increase in volume , the voice of he son come into the wail higher note of " kol nidre . " ) the old man' eye open slowly . the misty look slowly clear and , as he recognize the voice , he look about he rather wildly . slowly realization come to he that he last earthly wish have be grant . with a glorify smile on he face , he mutter : " it 's my jakie . " he start to raise himself slowly . he look toward the window . 394 . full shot room as the cantor slowly raise he shattered body , the doctor , anticipate he wish , go quickly to the window and raise it . ( Music of sing become much louder . ) 395 . close - up cantor he be raise himself until he be almost sit up in bed , Sara 's arm behind he , help he . he lift he eye to heaven and he lip move in a prayer . then he eye close and he fall slowly back to the pillow . the end have come , and Sara throw herself across he body in a paroxysm of grief . 396 . full shot synagogue with the camera in back of place , Jack , with prayer shawl and skullcap on , can be see with back to congregation . the choir boy be line up on either side of he , face the center . his voice be now loud and clear . 397 . close - up jack he be sing , with eye half close , one of the wail passage from the " kol nidre . " 398 . int . live room mo . shot Mary and Lee stand listen . in the background the doctor and nurse come quietly out of the bedroom door . the nurse go to the back of the house . the doctor pause and look at the two listener , then quietly go to the front door . 399 . close - up mary and lee they be still listen as though spellbound . as the volume increase , they look from one to the other wonderingly . Lee say in a awe-stricken voice : title 161 : " you be listen to the stage 's great blackface comedian sing to he God . " he look to Mary for a solution of he problem . her face light up as Lee shrug he shoulder in a gesture of resignation , and she say : title 162 : " listen . do not you understand ? it 's he last time in there . he have to come back to we . " Lee look at she in a puzzle manner , then nod . 400 . int . synagogue close - up jack he be sing a exceptionally sorrowful passage of the " kol nidre . " 401 . mo . shot jack as he come to the close note of the song , the figure of the old cantor in he synagogue robe appear on the side of the screen very faint and shadowy . the misty form slowly come to the side of the singer . it pause . there be a smile on the face of the old cantor as he slowly raise he hand in a bless . the shadowy figure become fainter and fainter , finally disappear , leave Jack stand alone . the music and he figure slowly fade out the end screenplay by Alfred A. cohn ========================bonus item========================== dialogue transcript of scene 224 from the finish film : after a emotional reunion with he mother , Jack tell she about he big break and sing and play for she Irving Berlin 's " Blue Skies , " the song he 's go to do in the show . after one chorus , Jack turn from the piano and speak to he mother . throughout this exchange she reply and protestation be hear very faintly and indistinctly . jack do you like that , mama ? mother yes . jack I be glad of it . I would rather please you than anybody I know of . oh , darlin' , will you give I something ? mother what ? jack you will never guess . shut you eye , mama . shut them for little jakie . ha. I be gonna steal something . ( kiss she . she titter . ) ha , ha , ha , ha . I will give it back to you some day , too , you see if I do not . mama , darlin' , if I be a success in this show , well , we be gonna move from here . oh yes , we be gonna move up in the bronx . a lot of nice green grass up there and a whole lot of people you know . there 's the ginsbergs , the guttenbergs , and the goldbergs . oh , a whole lotta berg ; I do not know them all . and I be gonna buy you a nice black silk dress , mama . you see Mrs. friedman , the butcher 's wife , she will be jealous of you . mother oh no -- jack yes , she will . you see if she be not . and I be gonna get you a nice pink dress that will go with you brown eye . mother no , jakie , no . i- I - I - jack what ? whatta you mean , no ? who be -- who be tell you ? whatta you mean , no ? yes , you will wear pink or else . or else you will wear pink . ( he laugh . ) and , darlin' , oh , I be gonna take you to coney Island . mother yeah ? jack yes , I be gonna ride on the shoot-the - chute . a ' you know in the Dark mill ? ever be in the Dark mill ? mother oh , no . I would not go ... jack well , with I , it 's all right . I will kiss you and hug you . you see if I do not . ( mother start blush . ) now mama , mama , stop now . you be gettin ' kittenish . mama , listen , I be gonna sing this like I will if I go on the stage . you know , with this show . I be gonna sing it jazzy . now get this ... Jack launch into a few more line of the song . he bang at the keyboard with he right hand and turn to he mother . jack do you like that slappin ' business ? as he be sing the next part , he father enter in the background and cry out : father stop ! and the music ( and the dialogue ) stop ...