" the long kiss goodnight " by Shane Black revised draft February 24 , 1995 a windowpane assaulted from without by snowflakes . wind toss . inside , a bed , dapple with moon shadow . a little girl , fast asleep . the wind whistle and sigh outside . she dream ... eyelid close , eye rove beneath ... then suddenly they SNAP open . a stifle cry . she thrashes for she stuffed bear , as a soft voice say : voice shhhhh . and there 's mom , kneel beside she . vague shape in the dimness . the full moon throw light across one sparkling eye . little girl mommy , the man on the mountain ...! mom shhhh . go , all go now . ( stroke she hair ) I be here . mommy 's always here and no one can ever hurt you . safe now ... safe and warm ... snug as a bug in a rug . ( beat ) I will sit with you , think you can sleep ? little girl turn on the nightlight . the mother nod . pass she leave hand gently over the girl 's forehead . mom Close you eye now . I love you . the child subside , breathe steady . eye close . the mother rise . regards she through the dimness . slowly turn , head for the door . flick on a winnie the pooh nightlight -- her entire right forearm be slicked with blood . more blood on she Czech - make mp - 5 machine gun . she stagger just a little ... barely noticeable . pass out on the light . into darkness . sit beside she daughter 's bed . the child sleep peacefully . outside snow slither at the glass . fade out . pause . blackness . fade in : it 's snow in southwestern Ohio . before we , nestle in the roll hill : a postcard slice of suburbia . super the legend : upper sandusky , ohio . Three week earlier . peaceful . serene . it 's the town in the glass bubble , the one God shake to watch it snow ... ext . suburban STREET - day child , dozen of they , burst from house . slap of screen door . a horse -driven sleigh be rattling down Main Street . flanke by kid . Christmas carol , dron from loudspeaker . happy , laughing santa wave howdy , chortling he " Ho 's " in group of three , meanwhile he 's really a grizzle old fire marshall name earl , freezing he nut off . beside he sit mrs . claus , about whom we notice two thing : first , she 's the June in this June / December pair -- and second , she 's to kill for , a effortlessly beautiful woman . for the record , meet samantha caine . samantha how you holdin ' up ? earl freeze my nut off . Santa produce a bottle of seagram . start to open it . samantha * put that away * . Earl comply , grumble . some teenage burnout howl from a street corner : burnout ow ! Mrs. Claus be hot ! samantha squirm in she seat , scowling . samantha I can not take it , Earl , this dumb costume be give I a wedgie . driving I crazy , but there 's this * kid * here -- earl right , you do not wanna be rootin ' -- samantha in front of little billy , age four , yeah . " look , mommy , Mrs. Claus choose to go butt-mine . " earl this be little billy talk ? samantha Age four , kid 's unbelievable . ( sigh ) I be too old for this , Earl . earl yeah , yeah . spare I , I get a prostate the size of a melon . samantha stare at he . earl seriously , half my life 's a doctor 's hand up my ass , I should marry the fucker . samantha say that a little louder , there 's a kid in back do not catch it . earl it 's not that fuck little billy again , be it ? series of shot : throughout the follow narration , we watch Sam : 1 ) rallying the varsity cheerleader ; 2 ) show off a gerbil to she seventh grader ; 3 ) kneel in church with she husband , bless herself ; 4 ) absently finger a silver key which she wear round she neck ; and finally 5 ) probe at a tiny ridge scar under she hairline . samantha ( v.o. ) eight year . I keep hire detective , but they never find anything . ( beat ) I be bear 3000 day ago on the beach in New Jersey . I enter the world fully grow , wear clothes I do not remember buy . nothing in the pocket but a single key , file smooth . ( beat ) I be marry now . Nice guy , early forty . I stand naked in the mirror and try to guess my age . thirty - five , maybe . I have lot of scar . ext . snowy suburban STREET - afternoon samantha walk with she husband hal . late thirty . bald . come out of St. Paul 's Episcopal Church . samantha hal , I gotta tell you , of all the Christmas pageant I have see , this be by far the most recent . hal aw , honey , I have teenage girl play the wise man , what would you expect ? samantha teenage boy ? hal well , I think they do fine . samantha just fine ? come on , it be ground break stuff . the first nativity where Joseph stare at the wise men' tit all night . she hug he good - naturedly . as they near they house , a eight year - old girl drop from a treehouse and come run , leap into mommy 's arm -- samantha hey , you ! the kid leap into she arm , as we hear : samantha ( v.o. ) her name be caitlin . she 's my daughter and when I wake up on that long - ago day , she be two month grow in my belly . I do not know who put she there . I may never . I just know she 's mine , and she 's about to turn eight . the family troops up the driveway to they suburban home . chipper little a-frame . Christmas light abound . behind the house , a vast freeze pond . it be idyllic . int . elementary school - night party in progress . laughter . mingling . in the corner , caitlin put pipe cleaner antler on the gerbil . samantha shepherd she home room class past the punchbowl . she be radiant . earl surreptitiously nip from a silver flask . samantha ( v.o. ) 3000 day . I teach now , fifth grade . I have the key , I wear it around my neck for luck . except for that , and my name , all trace of my prior life be lose . ( beat ) be I in love ever ...? do someone look in my eye , do I say , " darling , I will never forget you ...? " ( beat ) because fuck I , darling , I manage . across the room -- her daughter caitlin hang with two young girl . show off a plush teddy bear , say : caitlin his name be Mr. Perkins , my Mom name he for I . girl # 1 point , whisper excitedly : girl # 1 that 's she ? caitlin nod . kid # 2 : girl # 2 that 's who ? girl # 1 ( excitedly ) her Mom , she 's get amnesia . girl # 2 swear ? caitlin swear . girl # 2 too weird . a voice interrupt they reverie : samantha Excuse I . the girl whirl around , startle -- samantha be lean on the desk behind they . busted . she smile amiably : samantha hello , girl . caitlin , I be go to help dad with the refreshment . ( lean in , whisper ) which one 's dad ? I forget . the girl look at she like she 's grow a tail . samantha * kidding * . CUT to : a door kicked OPEN , wham -! splinter . lock shattered . int . motel room - akron , ohio - night a nude couple on the bed . they look up , startle -- as three man burst through the door . the leader : a haggard - look man sport a soup-stain on he tie , whoops , that 's the design , sorry . mitch henessey , private investigator and con man extraordinaire . he flash a phony badge : young man police . don't move . man on bed what the hell be this ...?!! young man do not give I a attitude , sir . you be assume I will not shoot you sorry ass , and everyone know when you make a assumption , you make a ass out of u and mption . I be sergeant madigan , vice , and if you cop a ' tude , jerkoff , I will see to it you spend the next ten year in prison get ass -fucked , and if the case be throw out because my arrest be too violent , then I will personally hire man to ass - fuck you for ten year . so if you be a ass-fuck fan , go ahead and mouth off , but meanwhile you be under arrest for the crime of prostitution , now shut the fuck up before I cut out you kneecap and use them as ashtray . ( beat ) Officer donleavy , read he he rights . donleavy look pale , pasty . he stutter a few word . lose interest . wander away across the room . man on bed ( a trifle confuse ) please , this be my first , I ... I have never do this before , I will do anything ...! young man Sir , listen to I . I understand you be not a wealthy man , but in light of the damage this arrest will cause you , we might be able to make a arrangement -- donleavy plop in a chair . belch . grin foolishly . the man in bed point to he : man in bed be he all right ...? the remaining cop be sway on he foot . like a tree in a hurricane . donleavy puke all over the floor . we CUT to : int . barren grey office - night there's the girl . the one in bed moment ago . she and henessey be divide a wad of bill . girl we gotta stop use bum . mitch ( light a smoke ) forget it . they look like cop . we pull it off , do not we ? girl it be embarrassing . mitch you want I should hire actor , for chrissake ? this guy be cheap , they work for food . girl uh-huh . so , when they puke all over you be that , like , a refund ? mitch trin , I be pissin ' myself over here , you be so funny . what 's this ? he indicate a envelope earmarke for he . label in magic marker : samantha caine . trin New case , honest to God chick with amnesia . you want the job ? henessey open the envelope . extract a black and white head shot of samantha , say immediately : henessey yep . yep , yep , yep . stare , mesmerize . trin peer over he shoulder : trin be not there a lady on tv name samantha ? have a magic nose or something . henessey ' bewitch ' , yeah . good show . chick live with a faggy guy , then in the last season it be a different faggy guy . okay . here 's what we do ; get on the horn to amnesia chick , tell she yes . then tell she in 1967 she promise to give I a blow job . Worth a try , right ? ext . elementary school - night samantha and hal bid goodnight to they friend and neighbor . hal steer she away from a middle - age teacher . hal Christ , guy 's all over you like a cheap suit . samantha that 's funny , there 's a cheap suit all over he like a cheap suit . she notice earl sit in the bush by the side of the building . he be speak intently to the gerbil . hal oh , boy . someone 's gotta take my father home . I be plow . samantha take the key from he . breathes deeply of the chill night air . smiling . survey the scene ... they friend . the neighborhood . sigh : samantha this be all I ever want . at which point , young caitlin say : caitlin how would you know ? establishing shot - state prison - ohio - nighttime switch gear : a grim , grey building . guard . patrol . int . prison - television viewing room - evening a tired tv set drone to a audience of one . let 's call he one -eyed jack . in fact , let 's give he one eye , the other replace by a patch . he smoke cigarettes , stub they out on the chair 's armrest . throw offhand glance at the tv screen . news anchor ( on t.v. ) ... so much for the flame-swallowing Santa of boone County . meanwhile , ktva news journey to Upper sandusky , where Santa 's own * Mrs * . kringle turn out to celebrate she hubby 's worldwide tour . after one look at she , I be think Santa get what he want this Christmas . the happy news chatter continue . Jack be not listen . Jack be not talk or breathe either . he 's simply staring at the tv screen , jaw slack ... one -eyed jack gotta be fuckin ' kid . no. no way . shiiit !! he scream as we CUT to : ext . woodland - with samantha - drive if you have to pick a night to die horribly , you would be hard press to find a nicer one . a country highway . bath in moonlight . crusted with snow . pontiac sunbird , wend its way through the wood slope . int . sunbird - same time samantha drive while Earl ( the santa we see earlier ) recline , still drunk . earl you be marry what now , five year ...? he make a thumb circle . jab he finger in and out of it : earl you and hal , how often you two ...? samantha stick we finger in out hand and pull they out again ? every chance we get . shut you piehole . earl do not get all snippy ... samantha Earl , do I a favor . every few word say " hic " and have bubbles come out you mouth , okay ? earl goddamnit , I be not drunk . would a drunk man have this much raw talent ? he start play the Hawaiian nose harp . in Sam 's ear , she can not help it , snort laughter -- the adult deer appear perfectly frame in the sunbird 's headlight . Dead ahead . Sam look up , face etched in sudden terror . * no time to think * . swerve , no dice ...! broadside the animal -- and it come through the windshield . all two hundred and fifteen pound of it . fuck up they night altogether . actually , it only make it * halfway * through -- but the damn thing be alive . more than alive . kicking . thrash . squawle with pain and rage . a flailing hoof take out Earl . kill he in less than a second . collapse he skull . Sam ride the wheel , scream . a antler gouge she chest . rip . draw blood . she swerve , madly -- Hit the tree do 50 . another angle Sam go airborne . explode through the windshield , outward bound . shower of glass , spritz of blood ... and then she 's fly . slow motion , end over end ... we lose all SOUND . silence as she tumble . below and behind she , the sunbird noiselessly erupt . fireball , sky high -- Sam float . describe a lazy arc in mid-air ... whoomph -! disappear into the snow . swallow she , leave a silhouette . around she , tree catch fire . burn . she lie in she impromptu sarcophagus . out of sight . the flaming deer totter from the wreck , thrashing . scene from a nightmare . nightmare part two : from the snow , from the human-shaped divot -- arise a woman of blood . she stumble from the drift . toward the wreck . and though it 's clearly Sam caine under all that crimson , there 's something wrong about she *eye *. en route to the car , she kneel beside the suffer deer , its flesh scorched and tear -- and kill it . put it away with a sharp crack -!ing blow to the head . stands , eye squirming with madness ... the car 's a inferno . Earl be dead . she turn away , wiping blood from she eye -- come face to face with a snowman . a jolly white fellow . charcoal briquette for eye . she watch , fascinate , as he melt in the blast furnace heat -- with warning , she * scream * . crumple to the ground . the snowman 's eye fall out . he melt away and away ... dissolve to : ext . suburban house - akron , ohio - twilight elsewhere . tract housing , late - model car . mitch henessey deliver a Christmas gift to he nine year - old son todd : not just any gift , the * Midtown saturn orbite precinct* , with action figure . henessey point to the box , engross : henessey ... and here 's the jail here , see ...? escape chute for the borian , he 's a dinosaur guy , move quick , do not take no shit neither . see , you can make he shoot the guard -- ah , hell , look , I play with it a little myself , I be sorry . voice interrupt they : voice ( o.s. ) todd , time for dinner . now . a awkward pause . henessey scowl . henessey hey , you go ahead , um ... hope you like the present . todd it 's awesome , dad . Mom , though , she ... ( sigh ) she get weird . on my birthday , when you give I the schwinn ... she call bicycle store to see if there would be any robbery . henessey manage to control he face . say tightly : henessey tell she I do not steal they locally . he watch , forlorn , as he son vanish inside the house . Christmas light , blink feebly . we hear , super : henessey ( v.o. ) dear ma : fill out the child support stuff last week . Office get piss , under ex-spouse I put " spawn of Satan , dweller in eternal Dark . " just be honest , ma , lady want I to die . as he reach he car , he beeper go off . ext . phone booth - minute later henessey on the phone . dial . wait . we hear : henessey ( v.o. ) I would go without a ripple , that 's the truth . ex - con. ex-husband . expire . thanks , ma , for hide the truth from I for so long . or maybe you believe in I . I miss you . I hope you believe , even for a day . no one do , ma . no one at all . it 's cold here . I be sorry you be dead . you son , Mitch . the phone pick up . he say : henessey me. what 's up ? trin ( o.s. ) Mitch , we get a bite on amnesia chick 's photo . found a guy remember see she , fall of ' 87 . he want cash , should I grease he ? henessey Hell , no ! use you head , girl . let the fucker squeeze the charmin . trin you kid ? guy 's hideous . I will do it , but we be talk time and a half . plus a night on the town when I get back , and * no cockfight this time * . int . samantha's hospital room - two day later samantha , have survive . laid up now in a austere hospital room . listen to silence . stare out the window at a sunlit tree . head bandage . frown : samantha I want a cigarette , why do I want a cigarette ...? outside , snow slither ... her eyelid , slowly close . slide off the edge of consciousness ... in the dream : she stand on a windswept cliff , before a incongruous full - length mirror . stare at she reflection -- it 's bleed from a scalp wound . she probe she head ... frown . nothing . nothing but the tiny ridged scar she 's have for as long as she can remember . samantha what ... what do you want ...? the reflection eye she grimly . haggard . tire . reflection I want a cigarette . samantha I do not smoke . reflection ( chuckle ) you use to . samantha be suddenly hold a cigarette . she raise it to she lip . her reflection mirror she precisely . except samantha cough , choke on the smoke -- while she bloody reflection take a long , satisfy drag . reflection relax , you can drop the act . Nice and smooth , take another hit . there you go . see how easy it come back ? they be now in perfect synchronicity . Sam inhale easily . reflection * I be * come back . you know that , do not you ? name 's charly , by the way . you be gonna love I . the reflection grin . there 's blood on its teeth . int . samantha's home - day back at home , business as usual , pre-christmas . a commotion have arisen : gingerly , bone still aching , samantha move toward the kitchen . hal and caitlin trail behind . hal honey , you can not cook , I be not wrong about this . samantha I be * remember * , hal . thing be come back . trust I , I be a chef , I know it . caitlin daddy , make she stop ! samantha hush . go to the garage and get I something , anything . a veggie , go , man , go ! I be hot to trot . int . kitchen / garage - same hal worriedly exit to the garage . pluck a tomato from the fridge , toss it to caitlin , who stand in the door . hal tomato . caitlin turn , toss it to Sam -- caitlin tomato . who catch it , plop it on the cut board and proceed to dice it to simthereen . razor-thin slice . knife a blur . miss she finger by millimeter , never falter , like a mad mumblety - pegger -- hal onion , fly in . Sam catch it . knife flurry . piece , fly up . samantha more. faster . and it become a bucket brigade . hal heave veggy to caitlin who spin and relay to Mom who slice , dice , puree , and even make curly fries . veggy , income . hal start to lose it , start lobbing they at caitlin , one after another , she giggle , start throw they overhand -- caitlin tomato . tomato . tomato . and now it 's a food fight , pelting Mom , and the floor be cover with food as hal stumble in laugh , scoops up caitlin -- samantha shake she head , grin , dice to piece a last , lovely radish . end with a flourish , ta-dah -! do not think : flip the knife point up on one finger . tip it for balance . lob a tomato . sling the knife without look , pin it to the wall , ka - chuk --! everyone go silent . the knife , quivering . caitlin and hal turn as one , gape at she . she shrug numbly . blink . samantha uh ... chef do that . int . boiler room - day or night , impossible to tell Underground . Water gurgle through overhead pipe . furnace hum and tick in the sweaty gloom . a shirtless man be tie to a chair . weeping . before he , what look like a young gq model . blonde. gorgeous . impeccably attire . for the record , timothy . he look he captive in the eye as the guy blubber : man please , man ... I do not know why you gotta kill I ... but use the gun , not the knife . please . as a fuck favor , I be begging you ... timothy it will be over soon . man Jesus , man ... I ... I be scared of the knife ... shit , I can not handle get shot at the doctor , man , please ...! timothy last chance . what do you know about a town call Santa Claus ? man what be this , * what the fuck be this *?? I be FBI , for chrissake , you can not do this to I . I do not know anything . timothy stare he full in the face , eye narrow ... as though see into he brain . he nod , satisfied . timothy no . you do not . ( beat ) I can always tell , you know ... if someone 's lie to I . a little skill of mine , something to trot out at party . he slam home the knife . we do not see it , but we feel the impact . the FBI man 's face contort in SHOCK . twisted . inch away from timothy , they eye lock ... a cellular phone beeps . timothy react , annoyed . pluck it from he belt and flip it open : timothy timothy . voice ( o.s. ) message from Mr. daedalus . timothy I be listen . he shrug at he captive . roll he eye . the guy 's still die , still on the knife . voice ( o.s. ) he say he 's sorry , but he need you right away . something 's come up . timothy nix . I be just finish up here . then I be go bunjee jump . voice ( o.s. ) he 's aware of you weekend plan , and he apologize . timothy all right , what 's so fuck important ? voice ( o.s. ) you old colleague , one - eyed Jack ...? recently escape from a high - security prison , as you be aware . but listen to this : prior to he escape , seem he see something on tv that disturb he . so much he have to be sedate . timothy I see it , too . it 's call " empty nest . " how the fuck be it my business ? voice ( o.s. ) the man be overhear talk to himself under sedation . ( beat ) he say charly Baltimore 's alive , sir . timothy be silent . suit I know it 's incredible , sir , but ... if she be alive , I be think she might be in contact with the old man in Pennsylvania . should I -- timothy tap he phone , yes . and tell daedalus I be on my way . timothy out . he click off , face troubled . withdraws the knife . check he clothing . not one speck of blood . int . supermarket - checkout stand - afternoon a carton of marlboro reds hit the stack of grocery . hal look at he wife , bewilder . samantha they be on sale . at the next register over , a duo of Canadian throw look she way . confer in rapid-fire french , subtitle for we : canadian # 1 ooh , j'aimerais la baiser . ( subtitle : I would like to fuck she . ) the checker look up , smile : checker do not you love hearing people speak french ? canadian # 2 oui , j'veux etirer celle - la autour d'une chaise . comme je le vois , une femme c'est comme gumby avec des sein . ( subtitle : I will stretch she over a chair , woman be merely gumbys with tit . ) hal beautiful language . he turn to samantha -- except Sam be not there . her arm shoot out -! clamp on one of the man . by the throat . catch he like a fuck vice . her voice a sibilant hiss : samantha * allez , gumby etiriait le cou , fil de pute * . subtitle : " gumby 's gonna stretch you neck , motherfucker . " accent flawless . eye like steel . the man will go on to start a profitable construction business with the brick he shit . slam CUT to : samantha - on the phone to her shrink - intercut jubilant , can not contain herself : samantha I speak french . psychiatrist you do . samantha you bet you life , fluent french , whatever the fuck that mean . ( chortle ) quand j'étais a l'ecole , Jai eu un professeur qui s'est fabriqué du dentifrice ! psychiatrist you just say when you be in school , you teacher be make of toothpaste . samantha right , he be , you get a problem with that ? pasty Joe , we call he . look , the accent 's perfect , so piss off . i'm a french chef , ya-hoo . ext . suburban STREET - day samantha and daughter caitlin sing a hearty chorus of " frere jaque . " Sam giggle , caitlin look nervous ; astride she new two - wheeler bicycle while Sam finish remove the training wheel . caitlin point to she stuff teddy bear . caitlin put Perkins in the basket . he 's luck . samantha Mr. Perkins , go in the basket . caitlin be the training wheel off ? samantha just pretend they be still there . piece of cake . you can do it . caitlin wait ...! I be scared . samantha shhh . nothing to be scared of . pretend you be one of the X -men , you be tough . let 's go , now . Three , two , one ... caitlin Mom , I can not do it , swear -- samantha set she sailing . laugh excitedly . the bike weave , side to side ... hit the curb and topple with a crash . spill caitlin to the pavement . now 's she 's crying . caitlin ouch --! I can not do it , it hurt -! samantha walk over briskly . face set in determine line . samantha nonsense . you can do it . you do not want to , but you can . caitlin my arm hurt , please take I home ...! samantha you can go home , caitlin . you can ride there . a unpleasant note be edging into she voice . the louder the kid cry , the more samantha start to simmer . caitlin Mom , no ...! samantha look , I know you be afraid , that 's the whole * point* , can you see that ? now stop be a little baby and get on the damn bike . she hoist she onto the seat . caitlin cry and holler . samantha you gonna be afraid of thing all you life ? huh ? that what you want ? caitlin my wrist hurt ...! * snap * . something let go . suddenly samantha 's right in she face : samantha life be pain . get use to it . see , you * will * ride this bike home , princess . you will ride it and you will not fall again , * be that understand *...? eye cold and lifeless . she be not herself . CUT to : int . samantha's house - twilight caitlin huddle on the step , itching at she brand new wrist cast . eavesdropp on she parent . in the kitchen a counter - top tv be on , the Three stooge . samantha be on the phone , say : samantha yes , I be three block past the gas station ... right . thank you Mr. henessey , I will see you shortly . she hang up as hal enter behind she ... she do not turn around . sample the topping of a cream pie . stare at the linoleum floor . he regards she with angry , vindictive eye : hal she ride all the way home . she do not fall , not once . she do not cry . ( beat ) you be good . you should work with kid , you know that ? samantha she say she wrist hurt . I do not know it be break , God . I can not even remember what I say to she ...! hal take a breath , compose himself . hal we can still make six o'clock mass , you come ? Sam survey she perfect kitchen . run she hand over a hang pot . look sadly at she husband . whisper : samantha a private detective 's come by , he ... he 's find something . ( beat ) I may have to go away . for a bit . now please leave I alone . hal go away . with a detective . Jesus , it 's the holiday , Sam -- samantha be you deaf ? I say leave I alone . go to church . drink blood . drink some for I . they stand in tableau . a electric silence ... Broken quite suddenly by the sound of singing . christmas caroler . outside the front door . the sweet strain of " God Rest ye merry , gentlemen " waft in through the window . except the sweet strain be not so sweet . this caroler be terrible . miss by a country octave . Sam and hal look at each other , what the hell ...? ext . the front porch - just outside the door - night the caroler continue they interesting rendition . snowflake fall . all be quiet . all be bright . especially bright be the shotgun barrel press to the throat of the lead soprano . he - 109 . over and under combo . shotgun on top . he cannon on bottom . you would sing shitty too . int . house - same samantha hurry to the door . carry a bowl of festive m&amp ; m's . just as she get to the door , the sing stop . footfall run away , that 's odd ... she open the door . caroler , go . she 's eye to eye with one -eyed jack . one -eyed jack even charly . Long time . he swing the big gun . slam the barrel into she . Glass shatter , m&amp ; m 's everywhere . she gape at he , dumbstruck , unable to think ... hurry it up , lady , we need a decision , live or * die * -- she grab the gun barrel . wrench the gun ...! on the step caitlin howl , eye like saucer -- caitlin mommy ...! samantha get ouuttttt !!!! Sam 's cry be a veritable shriek . hal launch himself from the kitchen doorway . pounce on Jack , snarling -- brave , useless . for he trouble , get three break rib and a trip to the fireplace , airborne . come down . catch fire . roll , over and over on break rib -- jack kick samantha in the gut . she collapse onto the stair . splinter the banister . that 's when he see caitlin . top of the stair , paralyze . samantha no !!!! Jack be already move forward . spin -cocks the shotgun , draw a bead -- promptly slip on festive m&amp ; m's . go down . gun go off , wham -! a flat concussion . the banister explode . a storm of wood chip , as samantha surge up the stair , toward she daughter -- jack . on the ground . fire , * wham *--! the wall disappear three inch from caitlin 's head . blown to shred , you can see outdoors . samantha do not miss a beat . grab she daughter -- fling she outside . through the hole in the wall . take she by the belt and fuck hurl she out into space ...! ext . side of house - same time two storey up . the kid be eject , flail . float in slow motion . across a ten foot gap -- into the treehouse . sail head over heel into the place . Hit with a crash . alive and unhurt . back inside the house samantha do not even look . do not need to . here come jack . up the staircase . reloading . samantha launch herself down the stair . collide , head on -- down they go . Jack , roll to he foot . propel she into the kitchen . int . kitchen - same time she hit , spray of cat food . skid . across the linoleum , slam to a stop . hard . cupboard pop open , out come the ironing board . Falls into place , SNAP --! a gun blast disintegrate it . reveal Sam , cower behind . one -eyed jack I want my eye back , bitch . samantha struggle to she foot . daze . Jack abandon the shotgun . take the iron down from its spot on the shelf -- slam it against she head . one -eyed jack goddamn you . fight I . what 's wrong with you , * fight * I ! close on tv : stooge Joe besser mug wildly , take a pie in the face . Jack raise he arm for the kill stroke -- samantha take hal 's cream pie from the counter and shatter every bone in he face . come from nowhere . back foot plant , body twist , entire organism focus into the outstretch arm , whack -! we have never see anyone move this fast . samantha recoil . startle by what she 's do -- the glass dish be splintered into he head . it stick there . he topple . Hit the linoleum . she straddle he , breathe hard . wind . the bark dog " jingle bell " play inanely in the background . samantha stare . tremble . poke the body . nothing . poke it again . still nothing . she lean forward . grip the neck and wrench , crack -! just make sure . she out of it . in shock . glaring at she own hand as if demand a excuse for they behavior . there be pie fill on she finger . she kneel beside the corpse , catatonic . stare . absent-mindedly lick the bloody cream . hal be stand in the doorway . Wide -ey . he have see samantha break the man 's neck . she look at he , frown . samantha it take I three second . that 's ... that 's good , huh ...? he stare , dumbstruck . she blink . * snap out of it *. samantha caitlin . we gotta find caitlin . she get up . we run with she to the front door -- she fling it open and collide with mitchell henessey . private dick . run right into he . henessey hey --! slow down . the kid 's okay , she 's in my car , what the hell be go on ? henessey spin , as four police cruiser pull up . vomit up a bevy of cop , swarm toward the house . he spin back to samantha -- as she collapse to the floor . fade out : pause . fade in . Super the legend : one week later . establishing - samantha's house - morning early morning quiet . henessey and samantha be throw suitcase into the back of he batter Chrysler . int . house - later - everything's packed Sam 's look better . kneel beside caitlin , say softly : samantha that man who try to hurt we ...? if I stay here ... other people will come . I have to leave . just for a little while . caitlin look at the floor . do not respond . samantha reach in a cupboard . produce a box of candle . light a match , touch flame to one of they . samantha I want you to light a candle and keep it in the kitchen window . and never , * ever * let it go out , because as long as it burn ...? it mean you be think of I . and if I be alone ... if it 's dark and I be lose ... it 's how I will find my way home . she touch caitlin 's wrist cast . pain in she feature . she grab a marker pen and write a telephone number on it . samantha that 's for a portable phone . I keep it with I , you call I anytime , you do not worry about the bill . and last but not least -- she reach behind she head . unhook the key , the one she wear around she neck . samantha for luck . slip it over she daughter 's head . look up at hal , eye brim . he whisper : hal no matter what you find , I be not scared . not of you . not ever ... series of shot : ext . suburban town as it fade behind henessey 's Chrysler . leave behind porch - bound elder , dimestore clerk . grinning child , hair like spun straw . all fade ... dissolve to : int . henessey' plymouth - the OPEN road - day henessey sing with the radio . loudly . he 's get the lyric wrong : " I be not talk ' bout the linen ... and I do not wanna change you life ... " samantha endure as much as she can . speak up : samantha " movin ' in . " henessey hah ? samantha it 's not linen . the song 's not about linen . henessey whatever . you cold ? samantha ( shiver ) I be freezing . henessey turn on the heater . it do not work , but it make a very annoying noise which distract from the cold . samantha I will pass . ( clear she throat ) so , you be a former cop . Atlanta , be it ...? stop I if I be out of line , but I be curious . how do you ... well , succeed ? I mean , where six other detective fail ? henessey you kid ? pure luck . plus my secretary use she feminine wile . she 's get two , one wile per side . huge . no kid , you can see them come around a corner , you get time to comb you hair . Nice kid , you would dig she . ( beat ) ah. here we be . ext . storage rental place - day as they clamber from the car , henessey shove he sunglass into he sportcoat . sing : henessey put my glass in my cooooat ... " samantha look at he like he 's sproute wing . henessey I sing what I do so I will remember it . " turn off the downstairs liiiight ... " you know ? samantha smile thinly . the man 's a lunatic . int . storage facility - day a old , walrus-mustached irishman usher they down a concrete hallway . the old man hang back with henessey . whisper : walrus man the elder trelawney rent to she in ' 87 , aye . ne 'er could bring himself to dispose of she thing . i'faith , she 's welcome to whatsoe 'er she wish , for not 'er have trod this wall a lass so easy on the eye , divil take I if I be lyin ' . henessey light a cigarette , say : henessey do I a favor . say , " always after I lucky charm . " angus " always after I lucky charm . " henessey thanks . just need to hear that . int . storage room - moment later drab , musty . fill with disus table , lamp , farm implement ... Jimmy hoffa watch tv in the corner . henessey see anything you recognize ? samantha yeah , this dirt use to be outside my window , shut up and let I look . ( sigh ) I be sorry , Mr. henessey , I be a little on edge . she pause . survey the musty compartment , faraway look in she eye ... say softly : samantha I can feel she . like a ghost . ( beat ) we could walk away , you know . there 's still time , we could just ... leave she dead . she heft a suitcase onto a bench . open it -- draw a sharp breath : samantha ay-i-yi! clothes to kill for . smooth velvet . creamy silk . the finest , the best . the sexiest . Sam peek at the tag : samantha size four , no way . you know how long it 's be since I could wear a size four ? ( beat ) can not be mine . can they ...? she check the case for initial -- c.e.b. who ...? henessey grunt . in he book , well dress be clean underwear . hold up a small manila envelope . henessey unmail envelope . address to a guy . samantha what 's in it ? henessey another guy 's address . two address , be basically what I be say . meanwhile , she hand , still paw through the suitcase ... a shape . she feel it . at the bottom of the case . lift up the mound of fabric -- hkm - 40 sniper rifle . disassembled . Sam look like she just take a stomach punch . up until now , it could have be adrenaline . she could still be just a schoolteacher . a rifle , that change everything . she plunk the clothing back in place . hide it . henessey anything else in there ? samantha hmm ...? uh , no. just ... more clothes . henessey yeah , well take a look at this . he hold up the envelope : address to one * Nathan windeman * . fish in he coat , bring out samantha 's check . written to he , earlier that day ... identical handwrite . CUT to : int . colonial style home - late afternoon nathan windeman be in a bad mood . a frail - look man , mid - seventies . tiredly spoon a bowl of soup . his sister alice watch tv nearby . in she lap , a pomeranian clean itself . windeman scowl : nathan Alice , please ...? Alice stare at he . uncomprehend . nathan you dog , Alice . it and my appetite be mutually exclusive . alice what 's wrong with the dog ? nathan it 's simple . he 's be lick he asshole for three straight hour . I submit to you that there 's nothing there worth more than a hour 's attention , and I should think whatever he 's attempt to dislodge be either go for good or there to stay . * would not you agree * ? theatrical ? Nah . the old bat scoops up she pooch and beat foot for the door . the phone ring . Nathan snatch it up : nathan hello ? the voice be soft . control : samantha ( o.s. ) hello , Mr. windeman , I get this number from a realtor in Pennsylvania . I would like to speak with you . nathan who ... who be this ? samantha you tell I , Mr. windeman . Nathan pale . blink once . twice . manage : nathan ... charly ...? samantha ( o.s. ) my full name , please . nathan God , it really be you ...!? chapter , they think you be dead , *everyone * think -- samantha * my full name * . please ...! a pause . then : nathan you do not know you name . he chew he lower lip , mind racing . Jesus , no joke , this be * she *... he fight to control he voice : nathan you full name ... be charlene Elizabeth Baltimore . int . surveillance van - same time a man in shirtsleeve flip a switch . speak into a headset : man signal daedalus . we just get she , she make contact . initiating phone trace . int . house - back with nathan nathan charly , do not talk , just listen : we have to meet , understand ? we have to meet * right away * . samantha ( o.s. ) meet I off I - 79 . highmile exit , Salt &amp ; pepper Lounge . eleven a.m . she hang up . Nathan stare , tremble . turn to alice , stand in the doorway . swallow hard , say : nathan a former student ... be in trouble . int . restaurant bathroom - with charly she hang up the telephone in the lady ' room . stands , alone in the stillness . hand to she head , mind churn ... turn , check to make sure the door be lock . props she suitcase on the sink and open it . flip back the mound of clothing -- and there it be . the piece , disassembled , of a m - 40 sniper rifle . her tremble hand find the part , seemingly of they own volition ... hefting they . gauging they feel . and then , slowly ... terrifyingly ... know how they go together . she snap the barrel in place , * click * -! the sound break she reverie . she drop the thing like it 's alive . look down , tremble ... also in the case : a wick look hunting knife . she pick it up gingerly . shiny , brand new . turn it over in she hand , fascinate by the play of light off the blade ... look up . her reflection , in the mirror . stare back . she frown -- it frown . she turn away -- the reflection doesn 't . it stay right fuck put , except now it 's * smile * . malignant . deadly . Sam feel something wrong . spin back toward the mirror -- her reflect arm come through the look glass . reaches into Sam 's world and slice for her throat . ext . country road - drive - late afternoon samantha jerk , come awake in the passenger seat of henessey 's plymouth . bad dream . look over to see if he notice -- he 's honk he horn at a traffic jam . Sea of taillight , dead ahead . samantha what 's this ? what the hell be this ...? we do not have time for this , of all the cocksucke bullshit -- henessey whoa . Ms. class , drive a little truck on the side , do you ? samantha what be you , a mormon ? henessey no , mar 'am , it 's just that ... well , when we meet you be all , " oh , fooey , I burn the darn cupcake . " now , you go into a bar , ten minute later sailor come run out , they can not take it . just then , three police cruiser blow by , siren scream . henessey frown , puzzle . henessey what the hell ...? lemme check the scanner . he switch on a police band radio . listen , hear : voice ( o.s. ) ... without endangering the hostage , over ... ... Roger that two -niner . pcp confirm , he 's on a fuse , please provide backup , over ... ... conneaut , I be wait on special weapon , sorry , over ... ext . roadside diner - conneaut lake , PA . - same police flasher , spin . cop car , income . slamming to a halt . disgorge uniform cop . the diner be rapidly surround . its a cheery decor , the giant roofbound Santa , all in stark contrast -- to the scream we hear , dimly , from within . int . diner - same hostage drama , unfold . the perp 's a big ugly meatloaf with he mitt on a waitress . she 's sixteen , she 's a baby . she 's suck the barrel of he shotgun . his finger on the trigger . from outside , we hear the cop : cop voice ( o.s. ) give yourself up at once . leave the build , hand on head . drop the weapon , repeat , drop the weapon . Mr. shotgun snort laughter . do a little dance , yell : mr. shotgun I be the man ! I be the man ! I elicit the explicit ! ext . diner - same time the police be just start to re-route traffic . a highway cop signal to henessey , " turn around , go back . " int . car - same time henessey swear . swing wide , when suddenly a hand clutches he arm . he look over and suppress a shiver -- samantha 's eye have go dead and cold . she light a cigarette , shake out the match and say : samantha go up this hill . henessey why ? samantha * drive up the fuck hill * . now henessey shiver . cranks the wheel as we CUT to : ext . hilltop - overlooking town - night samantha flop on the freeze ground in a stand of pine tree . henessey where the shit do you get that ? no answer . she deftly assemble the sniper rifle . rest the rifle barrel on a dead branch . flick on the starlight scope . henessey Sam , goddammit , you be gonna kill someone ! hey ! she ignore he . focus through the scope . Pov samantha : frame in spectral GREEN , the diner 's interior . hostages . crying mother . Children , catatonic . through a tiny window -- a limited view of the kitchen . he 's in there . girl , eat both barrel . samantha 's jaw tighten . henessey the diner ...? that 's half a mile away , be you fuck crazy ? samantha hk m - 40 assault rifle . at three hundred yard , vertical drop six inch . Mr. shotgun lean in . whisper something to the waitress . samantha shit . he 's gonna do the girl . henessey how the fuck can you tell ? she steady the rifle . take aim . samantha I read lip . she fire . splinter crack -! int . diner Mr. shotgun die on he foot . outgoing matter . flung . spatter on the grill where it sizzle along with burnt hamburger . he drop . scream . pandemonium . ext . hilltop - moment later samantha slam the trunk of the Chrysler . get in the passenger side without a word . henessey pull away . int . car - drive - same samantha stare straight ahead . give a high , brittle laugh . samantha see ? take care of it . knew I could . she laugh again . henessey favor she with a look reserve for people with major deformity . suddenly she say : samantha pull over . he stop the car . she get out . stumble across the shoulder . kneel . throw up . henessey watch . light a smoke with tremble hand . samantha have to , he ... he would have kill she ... have to ... oh God I take he , such a good shot ... I feel proud of it , such a shot , Jesus , * how could I be proud *...? ( sob ) I be scared ... I want to go home ... henessey kneel beside she awkwardly . she clutches he shoulder . press she head to he chest . cries . ext . the white house - establishing - night yes , it certainly be . CUT to : int . situation briefing room - same time Three storey below the White House proper . the president be seat in he robe and slipper . before he sit a panel of three : National Security adviser ; deputy director of the CIA ; and another man in he sixty , sport a distinguished mane of silver hair . the President address he : president * mister Perkins *. ( frown ) please , say it again , I be a little slow . better yet , I will try it . you lose a operative , a train counterassassin , and you just see she on tv in a Christmas parade . the silver- haire man appear unperturb . and no , by the way , it do not escape we that he share he surname with caitlin 's teddy bear , the one Mom name -- he nod , say : silver -haired man on tv , that 's correct . it 's two week old , intelligence just catch it . president you recruit this woman in the late seventies ? silver -haired man for chapter , yes . I be a friend of she father 's , you see , and ... I take she in . president well , it look like she return the favor , now do not it ? ( throw up he hand ) unbelievable . you people , you dump this on I , then next week you be scream , " where 's we funding ? " shit . I will tell you where it be , can you say health care ? the head of the CIA pipe up : CIA director Mr. President , please calm down . the CIA bear no responsibility for this problem . president thanks for share , Kent . how many double agent you get on the payroll , last count ...? CIA director Sir ! that controversy have be thoroughly deal with , and if there still exist a leak , perhaps this ... woman agent of he -- silver -haired man if I may , sir , Colonel Baltimore have not have classified access since 1987 . ( beat ) but thank you , Kent , for try to fuck I in the ass . he direct he baleful gaze at the President . light a pipe . silver -haired man I be afraid root out double agent may have to wait . the primary threat be the woman . her specialty be counterassassination , a horseshit turn of phrase which imply the other fellow shot first , but in point of fact she 's a takeout artist of the first order . nearly dispose of we friend the beard down in Cuba a few year back . specialize in long rifle , accurate to a mile and a half . presumed dead ; now , after eight year , back in the field , agenda unknown . she know enough to hurt we . I be frighten . understand ? president yes , yes . I believe you . just one question : ( beat ) * what in pluperfect hell be she do in a Christmas parade *??? int . roadside gas station - nighttime henessey be on the phone to he ex-wife . glowering . henessey aw , cut I a break , Fran . I be out eight month , I be back do skip trace , now you get I steal fuckin ' bicycle ? ex-wife ( o.s. ) I do not want you around Todd , hear I ? shrink tell I what that man do to you in prison . this be a Christian household , my son 's not gonna develop any ... tendency . understand ? for a moment she ignorance be so stun he 's speechless . then he slam down the phone . crack it . returns to the pump , where samantha lean against he car , still daze . look up at he , say : samantha I still can not believe it . you be say my hand do not even shake ...? henessey do not look at she . put the nozzle back in the pump . cross to the driver side without a word . samantha what 's the matter with you ? henessey you . you be the matter . look , you wanna keep go , good luck . I be drive back to Ohio . you be free to come with I . samantha what ... what be you tell I ? he get into the car . start the engine . samantha react , distraught . leans in , kill the ignition . pull he out of the car . henessey goddammit , lady , I be take you * home * . she slap he . hard . he fall back , stunne . samantha I will spell it out for you , ready ? I have no future , * I can not go home * . until I know what 's happen , I be in * prison * , you know how that feel ...? henessey yeah , matter of fact . four year inside . marion , Illinois , real shithole . get in the car . samantha I be sorry . ( clear she throat ) um ... what do you ...? henessey Seven year ago , Atlanta PD . I and my partner , we handle a lot of impound shit . fucker hate I , boy . one weekend , when he be conveniently go ...? some bearer bond disappear from he office . and lo and behold , when the police respond to a anonymous tip , you will never guess what just happen to be sit in my closet . samantha the bond . you partner put they there ? henessey ( laugh ) Hell no , I do , I steal the fuck thing . he serious . samantha frown , a little throw -- then she snort , lose it . they both lean against he Chrysler . henessey now every dollar I hand my kid , he ask he mother do I steal it . he smile ruefully . spit . a pause , then : henessey no more kill . samantha 's voice be cool and level : samantha no more kill . she blow she nose . samantha it be a helluva shot , be not it ... " dissolves to : establishing - salt &amp ; pepper lounge - morning a gunmetal grey sky loom overhead . the aforementioned lounge be a fade old roadhouse , gravel parking lot strewn with mud - cover truck . the kind that get a man laid in this part . henessey' plymouth pull into the lot , roll to a halt . he will never get any . int . salt &amp ; pepper lounge - day honky -tonk . samantha and henessey enter , blink in the dimness . around they , drunk mid-day cowboy . stringy - haire girl in they ample lap . samantha consult she watch : samantha Quarter till . any time now . they sit at the counter . henessey flag the bartender . signal for a beer . light a cigarette , blow smoke : henessey Nice crowd . samantha you be just jealous of they girlfriend . henessey who would not be ? corner booth , there 's a beaut . while you be do she doggie - style you can pop the zit on she back . samantha shoot he a look . on a tv above the bar , a british - sounding CNN announcer be say : CNN commentator ( v.o. ) violence in Northern Ireland continue today , despite a plea by british prime minister John Major -- samantha sit up straight . draw a sharp breath . he shoot she a question look -- samantha I just ... get a flash of something , I ... ( blink ) I hurt my father . henessey whoa . you remember you father ? samantha no ... that 's what 's strange . ( shake she head ) if I see he on the street , I ... I would not ... oh . she rub she eye . her voice break . she 's utterly miserable . henessey lean in , say softly : henessey Ms. caine , last week at a party I run into a girl I know from college and we chatted for a few minute . and it be not till I be drive home on the freeway that I remember that I would screw she in the back of a car once . ( beat ) everyone forget . he pat she arm . smile reassuringly . a pause . she stare . samantha that 's it ? that 's you helpful story ? Jesus Christ ! henessey no , see , all 's I be say be you be not alone . samantha oh , shut up . henessey Fine . I gotta use the head . he stand , head off . samantha nervously light a cigarette . the bartender suddenly put a Beer in front of she . she reach for she purse . he wave it away , point beside she . she turn ... the assassin call timothy sit down two stool away . timothy for you . another in a long line of bad investment . samantha Excuse I ? timothy just see the ring on you finger . he reveal a surprisingly winning smile , say : timothy do I know you from somewhere ...? grimace : timothy whoa . back up . total pickup line , let 's forget I say that . still stare in she eye . noting absolutely no recognition on she feature . she give he a cursory smile . samantha thanks for the drink . but no . I do not know you . timothy nod slowly . timothy no , you do not , do you ...? I would know if you do . I can tell if someone 's lie . ( smile ) sorry to bother you . he take he own drink and cross to a back booth . sit , a very puzzle look on he face . adjust he coat collar , whisper into a conceal transmitter : timothy okay , people , I get what I need . wait until she come out . then do they both . ( beat ) walk soft , we get local law . he sit back as two sheriff' deputy suddenly enter , doffing they stetson . Cross to the bar . henessey , come out of the bathroom . see the deputy . grab samantha by the elbow . toss down a fin , steer she toward the door . samantha ( sotto ) what be you do ? henessey pork . on you nine . samantha so ? henessey so you shot a guy in the head yesterday . we wait outside . samantha it 's freezing . henessey too bad . people should not shoot other people in the head . just themselves . during that show with the little girl who 's a robot . ext . salt &amp ; pepper lounge - same time they emerge into the chill air . breath plume from they mouth . samantha survey the parking lot . grab henessey , point -- a late -model car pull into the gravel lot . stop . samantha bingo . that 's a old guy 's car . henessey how do you know ? samantha because there 's a old guy in it . come on . they cross toward the car . she frown , point to he coat . samantha gun bulge . henessey you think I be gonna shove it down my pants ? shoot my damn dick off . samantha so now you be a sharpshooter ? henessey Ho , ho . as they approach the other car , the engine stop . the door open and a middle age man emerge -- it ain't nathan . he pause , lighting a cigarette . samantha Mr. windeman ...? she stride right up , henessey in tow . flashes a dazzle smile -- * slow motion * . the guy drop he lighter , dart a hand inside he coat with practice ease ... pull out a silenced pistol . samantha oh , shit ! * slow motion * . samantha tackle henessey . hurl they both to the ground ... during they fall , STUFF happens : she clutches he sportcoat -- grip he .38 special through the fabric and squeeze ... a sharp report , bam -! another , bam -! the jacket , shred . hitman just catch two in the chest . he go over backwards , gun spitting -- Sam and henessey hit the ground . * back to regular speed * . henessey roll over , stunne . samantha 's stare at she hand , wonder how in the hell it just do that . henessey * Jesus wept *...! they scamper to they foot . running hellbent for leather toward the plymouth ... they never make it . another hitman step calmly from the tree . stands at the shoulder of the highway , full view of the parking lot ... adopt a two -fisted stance . draw a bead , lock on target -- leave he foot . take to the air as a black le sabre swerve off the highway with no advance warning and demolish the bastard , wham --! the car roar across the lot , nathan windeman at the wheel . int . barroom - same time the snap - in- two hitman announce Nathan 's arrival by flying through the window in a explosion of glass . carom off a table and bounce head over heel . Hit , dead . timothy swear . leap up and bolt for the door , right behind the sheriff' deputy , as ext . build - same time the black Le sabre slews to a stop , shower gravel -- nathan shout at Sam and henessey : nathan get in ! both of you , now ! they pile into the backseat . Nathan floor it . peel out , bounce onto the highway -- and meanwhile here come timothy . on the run . bark into he transmitter : timothy East , they be go east . * head they off *. he begin to run : we have never see anyone run this fast . int . nathan be car - drive nathan kick in the afterburner . squint , can not see ... wiper , squeaking to and for . erasing the hitman 's blood . henessey be tremble ; samantha comatose . Nathan steal a look in the rear view mirror . get he first good view of samantha . react , stunne : nathan charly . Jesus Christ , I do not believe what I be see , you be so * fat * . this be not what she expect to hear . samantha I be ... um , I mean ... what ? nathan what in God 's hell have you be *eat * , you look positively bovine ! hang on . 50 yard down the highway . beside a park car , a guy with a elephant gun . samantha oh , God , no more --! the big rifle buck concussively . the car window splinter ...! do not break . nathan bulletproof . put it in myself . almost as a afterthought , he swerve slightly . crunch the gunman against the park car . shatter he . his scream visage go by a inch from samantha , he cough blood onto she window ... ext . frozen woodscape - same time timothy , on the move . run , breakneck through the wood . jump fall log . ducking , swerving . in and out through the tree , as int . nathan be car - drive scenery whip past . in the backseat , henessey be tremble ; samantha comatose . Nathan snap he finger sharply : nathan charlene , darling -- samantha my name be caine . samantha caine . nathan ( exasperate ) yes , yes , you say that on the phone . * must * I point out to you that the letter in the name SAM caine , when rearrange , spell out amnesiac ? you mind be miss a name , so it simple invent one that be a anagram of you current condition . samantha react , floor . nathan dammit , charly . the schoolteacher , that be you cover ! you memory be go , you get confuse and you bought you own cover . this ridiculous Ohio housewife business , it 's a fantasy , you * write * the bloody thing ! samantha it 's not a fantasy , * I be in the fuck pta *. nathan then quit . you be a assassin for the United States government . ( beat ) I ought to know , I train you . henessey be so shocked he 's laughing : henessey beautiful . fuckin ' beautiful . ext . sheer embankment - overlooking highway - same time a forty foot embankment , damn near vertical . plung to the road below . topped by a chain -link fence . timothy hit the fence at a dead run . up and over . pitches head over heel down the embankment , bouncing . Hit bottom in a shower of dirt , roll , come up ... .357 amp in a two - fisted grip , and * there 's Nathan 's car * . blow by , do 90 . timothy swivel calmly , blast a entire clip at the retreate car . shot after shot , like a machine -- int . nathan be car - same time Sam scream as the side window collapse inward . Nathan ride the wheel , swerving . henessey * what happen to bulletproof *? nathan * the side window be next , I swear * . back with timothy watch they go . oh , well . he try , right ...? do he best , tomorrow 's another day -- without miss a beat , timothy walk out in the middle of the road . another car , come . Sports car . he snap in a fresh clip . raise he fist and pump one through the fast - approach windshield . kill the driver . the car throw a skid . slew sideways at he . onrush juggernaut , immense ...! he vault the hood without break stride . catch the drive - side doorhandle , jerk -- then he 's in , and out come the corpse and the car * never stop move * . complete a out -of-control 360 , shower muddy water ... and then he 's stomping the gas . utterly relentless . leave behind a wet and very surprised - look corpse . int . stolen car timothy gun it , eye lock dead ahead on the Le sabre -- hear a screech . whip he eye to the rearview mirror : police cruiser . fishtail onto the road behind he . Falls in behind , siren wail . one of the deputy from the bar . int . nathan be car - drive - same time Nathan fish a gun from he coat . hand it to samantha . nathan here , you might as well have one too . samantha my God . how many do you carry ? nathan Three . one shoulder , one hip , and one right next to Mr. wally -- ( pat he groin ) where most patdown never reveal it , as a agent be often reluctant to feel up another man 's groin . henessey look out the back windshield , say : henessey get a tail . Nathan look , swear . the chase car 's gain on they . nathan lucky bastard find the only cool car in the fuck midwest . he accelerate into a curve . rocket past a connect road , as , without warning -- another cop car skid out of the side road , after he . the other deputy ... timothy , box . go too fast , swerve ...! plows into the deputy headlong . broadside he . Glass fly . the cop car 's tire blow out as it 's spun 180 degree ... timothy 's car careen into a gulley -- bam -! Hit a dead stop . Hood shear off , go fly . back end stick up , tire spin ... the horn blare continuously . up above : the other cop arrive , brake to a halt -- door open and out he come . help deputy # 2 clamber from he crippled black - and -white . together they leap down into the gulley , gun draw . cring as the long hoooooooonnnnnk continue unabate . approach the crash car . walk up , gun at they side ... two shot . they jitter and twitch . topple over dead , slide to the bottom of the gulley . inside the car , we see that a very annoyed timothy be also very conscious . splay against the driver 's side door . holding one hand down on the horn , hoooooooonnk ... he release it . horn stop . on the radio conway twitty be sing . he put a shot through the radio . silence it . climb from the car and stare off down the road . of Nathan and he companion , there be neither whisper nor breath ... ext . roadside - late afternoon Nathan have pull over in a grove of pine tree . the car be cover with branch . he watch through a gap as two police car go by on the distant highway . nathan you father be in the british sis , assign to the irish situation . after he be murder in 1971 , he friend Perkins recruit you for chapter , a black bag operation work out of the U.S. State Department . charly be overload . try to keep up , not want to : nathan fall , 1987 : presidential order come down . you be to flush out a terrorist by the name of daedalus . you never complete the mission , electing instead to die , of all thing , despite clear order to the contrary . and dead you remain until , without preamble , you re-emerge , eight year later and fifteen pound heavier . samantha would you lay off the weight ? nathan I think we can safely assume daedalus be aware of you resurrection and be attempt to reverse it . * damn* , I can not drive around in this thing . ( beat ) any idea where we can go to stash this car ? in samantha's lap her finger unconsciously fiddle with something . damp , crumpled . the envelope . one address leave . samantha this address ...? I ... I recognize it now . I think it belong to a friend . henessey stare at she . as Nathan reach for the envelope , he coat fall open and samantha gasp ; he leave side be soak with blood . nathan perhaps you would best drive . ext . house in the country - day the house be actually a old convert mill . Beyond it , freeze landscape stretch to the lakeshore . in the barnyard , a scruffy look cowboy type be split log on a tree stump . drop the axe . scoops up a armload of firewood . come around the corner -- drop the log , startle . a unlikely trio approach . nathan , sweat . pasty . level a revolver . samantha say : samantha do not be afraid , we do not want to hurt you . ( beat ) I just want to know who you be . see she , he eye go wide -- he lock she in a whooping bear hug , shout : man charly , baby !! pick she up , spin her around , laugh ... henessey and Nathan stare . befuddle . time CUT - minute later the strange man ( let 's call he luke ) stand awkwardly in the dooryard . shift from foot to foot . nathan watch he dispassionately from the tree stump . gun on he knee . luke ( sigh ) look , be this America 's funniest practical video or something ? the door bang open and samantha come out of the house . carry bandage . alcohol . cross to the tree stump , kneel before Nathan . his voice be a harsh rasp : nathan let I do it . he bat she away , administer he own first aid . luke pipe up , exasperate : luke I can not believe you do not remember dating I . charly , please , you pursue I for month . samantha yeah , well . I catch you and forget you . sorry . luke it 's December , you will remember . right ...? he chuckle . look at she face . stop chuckle , take a sudden interest in the ground . Sam cross to henessey , stand nearby . take he aside , whisper : samantha ( sotto ) this be ridiculous . what do we do with this guy ? henessey do not ask I , I just work here . do you bump pelvise with he or not ? samantha it 's possible . henessey and you kid , cathead -- samantha caitlin . henessey yeah , whatever . um , could he be the ...? samantha I do not know . ( beat ) it 's come back , though . all this ... little detail about he . she study luke . frown . concentrate . samantha I know he 's get a pin in he leg , car accident . I know he cut he own hair ... think rush limbaugh 's a ass . I know he sit down when he pee . I know -- henessey enough . you be give I a stiffy . just then nathan be hit with a dreadful - sounding cough . it wrack he . double he up . luke blurt out : luke goddammit , he 's *dy * . let I call the poor bastard a ambulance ! Nathan grit he tooth : nathan * no ambulance * . the car I order will be here soon . samantha Mr. windeman , please let he help you . I know this man , I ... I be pretty sure I sleep with he . Nathan press a bandage to he side . nathan I be about to faint ... and if you call a ambulance , I will fuck kill you . he pitch forward into henessey 's arm . ext . shade porch - mid -afternoon beside the lakeshore luke and samantha walk side by side . rack focus to the porch : nathan be laid out on a chaise lounge . henessey beside he , apply cold compress . the older man stir , come awake ... tries to sit up , henessey nudge he flat again . nathan where 's charly ...? henessey relax . she 's with luke . that 's he name , luke . nathan goddammit , I tell you -- henessey yeah , yeah , we be not real big on what you tell we . I have he call you a ambulance , so shoot I . should be here within fifteen minute . Nathan groan . henessey press a cloth to the man 's head . henessey the guy 's story check out . Sam know thing about he . stuff only a lover would know . nathan sod that ... just watch they . henessey do not worry about it . chick sign my check , I be gonna watch she get ace ? lie back down . Nathan swallow . grimace . lies back down . nathan check . you be not fool anyone , dear boy . ( bemuse ) you would wash she foot and drink the water ... would not you ? henessey cut I a break , nimrod . she 's marry with a kid . busted . Nathan cough . speak , eye faraway : nathan my star pupil ... ( smile thinly ) that man in Pennsylvania yesterday ... the one at the diner , that be hers , be not it ...? henessey how would you know ? nathan ( nod ) I see the news report , they find a shell case a thousand yard away , helluva shot . henessey tell I about daedalus , what 's he story ? nathan arm broker , man without a face . veteran of baader - meinhoff and the Red Brigades . he 's rumor to be base in the U.S. do not travel much , they say . too afraid of metal detector , the poor sod 's get a foot - long piece of steel in he leg . at which point , henessey stop . frown . henessey come again ? nathan a pin , Mr. henessey . a surgical pin . he scuff he shoe in the porch dust . eye narrow : henessey where the hell ...? I know I just hear that somewhere , something about a ... his eye widen : henessey oh , fuck . point to the lake : henessey Nathan , that son of a bitch have one in * he * leg . Nathan freeze , thought racing ... swear violently : nathan you blither idiot , the son of a bitch be not she lover , he be she target , he 's daedalus ! henessey oh , Jesus ...! that 's how she know all that shit , not from * dating * he -- she * study * the fucker to take he out ! he take off for the lake at a dead run . behind he , the bloody Nathan drag himself to he foot and lurch off the porch , stumbling . weaving . refuse to go down . at the lakeside -- luke walk behind samantha . talk softly in she ear , smile ... she hear something . a ratcheting noise , draw closer , hmmm ...? look up . wish she have not -- a bell ranger helicopter be descend over the lake . Inside , timothy shoulder a bolt action rifle , coolly professional . fire , kick up dirt at henessey 's foot . stop the fucker cold . on the shore , luke smile at samantha , say : luke sure do not look like a ambulance , do it ? slug her in the face . drop she to the ice like a break doll . CUT to black : Black indeed . deep. empty . out of the darkness , we hear a news commentator . Voice scratchy . indistinct . Far away or long ago ... a television image fill the screen . Black and white . grainy . the legend : belfast , northern ireland , over footage of a sidewalk bombing . we be back in time , the year 1971 . a crisp - look brigadier be speak to the off - camera reporter : brigadier ... the bombing have be link to the Ulster volunteer Force , which , as you know , be the counterpart of the provisional ira and the most violent of the Protestant paramilitary group . a announcer 's face replace he : announcer despite threat of reprisal , brigadier Baltimore repeat that he will seek to cut uvf supply line , especially from tripoli , lybia . U.S. President Nixon concur that ... pull back to reveal a batter tv , volume turn low . snooze in a chair , a rumple older man -- it 's the brigadier , the one we just see speak on tv . a calendar on the table identify the date as June 23 , 1971 . in the next room girlish decor . pinup of rock star . a young girl be awake , dress and currently stuff two pillow under a blanket . she inspect she handiwork . human-looking lump . turn , satisfied . one last look at the wooden jesus on the wall -- creep from the room . past the sleep brigadier . to the front door . she check over she shoulder , nervous . tap out five digit . shut off the alarm . unlock the door and slip out . ext . STREET - belfast - night the boy 's name be gregory . sixteen , with a quick , easy grin . huddle beneath a tree with he , the girl be gelatin . gregory you have never make it with a boy , then ? girl there 's nothing odd about it . I be only sixteen . gregory rubbish . girl what ? gregory you be fourteen and not a day more . here now , I be right , you be blush . girl look , what if I be ignorant ? it 's my father , we never stay in one place , I never meet bloody anyone . gregory saw he on the telly . think he would kill I ? I be a nasty one , I be . he slide a hand under she sweater . she stiffen , terrify and exhilated , as he gently stroke she nipple with a thumb . gregory you know what , I will bet you have never even kiss a boy ... now , have you ? ( beat ) aye , but you want to ... he lean in . she lean forward . a jerky , tentative duckling on the road to swan -dom . they lip touch . across the road , the window blow out in she father 's flat . she spin , scream catch in she throat -- as armed men rush from the house . through the door , the one she leave unlock . stutter of SMALL arm FIRE . she whirl on Gregory , realize only then that the guy be laughing . gregory thanks for shutting off the alarm , you bloody papist bitch . he slap she full across the face . gregory tell the press the Ulster Force claim full credit . he spin and flee . int . brigadier be flat - moment later girl , move . wall racing past , shot to piece , run run run into she bedroom and lurch to a stop , scream : girl * da *! propped against the wall . by the bed . he 's still alive . incredibly . the man have dragge himself in here . he refuse to die , simply could not , you see ... not until he reach he daughter . angle on bed two pillow , jamme beneath a blanket . the brigadier just stare at they . his face slack . White and gastly . shift he gaze to he daughter . tear run from he dull eye . brigadier how much ... he raise the pistol to he head . brigadier ... do they pay you ...? he fire . on a young girl 's dissolve into insanity we fade out ... sound , echoing away . blackness , total . fade in : int . basement of old mill - night waking be slow . samantha open she eye . blink . hazy , out of focus . tries to rub she eye , can not . hand . something 's wrong , what the hell would she do with she hand ...? ah . they be stretch over she head . bound with cord . suddenly she 's very awake . another angle the basement of the old convert mill . a drafty , windswept place full of old , break timber . a river run through it . a stream , at any rate . the water be still and freeze now . above the stream -- a great wooden wheel . smaller corollary of the wheel outside . mounted on the same axis . samantha be tie to that wheel . lashed to its side , affix to it like a goddess to a Greek sailing ship . now the bad news , the ice have be chop away so the wheel can turn ... and it will plunge samantha under the freezing water . beneath the ice . bound hand and foot . strapped to the wheel , wear only a nightgown , she be utterly helpless . the man known as daedalus ( aka luke ) stand before she , give instruction to the ubiquitous timothy . he look up at samantha . see she eyelid flutter , he toss she a cherry wave . go be the gee-whiz country boy schtick ; in its place , a frightening arrogance . he toss she he cheeriest wave : daedalus well , good afternoon . if it be not the forgetful spy . how you feel ? samantha not -so fresh . samantha struggle against she bond . no dice . subside . take a look around at she predicament . timothy stand at the edge of the ice . watch she intently . smile thinly : samantha you ... you be ... the man from the bar ...? timothy look at she . she 's not fake it , she do not know I from Adam . daedalus shake he head , frown : daedalus it 's not that I do not trust my compatriot , Colonel Baltimore . in fact , I have every confidence that you amnesia be genuine -- until you show up * here * . you follow ? ( beat ) meanwhile , I just get around to read the papers , there 's the small matter of a incident upstate . Long range rifle shot , blow a man out of he sock . ( coldly ) you can see where I be come from . I be try to pull of the biggest job of my career . I have to know . how much you really remember ... and who you have tell . samantha I do not tell a soul , I swear . daedalus we will soon know . he cross toward a large red button . set into a wooden beam . samantha thrashes at the binding . look down at the water where it intercept the mammoth wheel . Fighting panic : samantha be ... be this a torture thing ...? daedalus torture , yes . the torture of beautiful woman , albeit politically incorrect , be a addiction with I . ( beat ) a woman never look quite so beautiful as when she face be distend in pain . Witness the beauty of childbirth . samantha please , I be get all misty . look , untie I , I will make any face you want . daedalus let 's not , and say we do . do you smoke ? samantha smoke ...? um , no. not ... not really . daedalus good . you will last longer . now hush yourself , and take a deep breath . we be gonna do the torture thing . he hit the button . a electric whine -- the big wheel turn . foot first into the water . struggle . arm stretch above she head . she plunge below the surface . a new dimension in pain . frozen , mind -numbing . she writhes against the wheel . it 's like a crush vice be rip she limb from limb . she open she eye , briefly . discover she 's not alone -- a mere foot from she face , the bloated corpse of the drown nathan . stare away and away . Blue with cyanosis . meanwhile , back on the surface : daedalus turn to he right - hand man , who say : timothy we be run on schedule , I just secure the tanker . we be borrow it from carbide in South Carolina . cargo list as fire retardant . daedalus ( nod ) juice up the bird , we head out soon as I be do here . he turn . Hit the red button again . the wheel reverse itself . creak and moan , turn -- samantha break the surface . gasp for air . wheezing . choke . the freezing wind plaster the nightgown to she . daedalus take all the air you can , that 's right . if you need to vomit , do it now . samantha , face twisted . cough . wheeze . timothy look she in the eye ... shake he head : timothy you do not remember * at all *...? the great night of you life , shit , drow this ungrateful wench . he exit . daedalus , alone with he captive . on she feature , unbridle hatred . he chuckle : daedalus talk to I Colonel . be my identity safe ...? the truth , and I will shoot you in the head . Nice and quick . otherwise , you be in for a long night . * who do you talk to *? samantha ... nobody ... fuck you ... he shake he head , make a " tsk tsk " gesture . smile grimly as he turn he attention to the red switch . daedalus hate to see you like this , charly . I hear you be a helluva spy once . without warning , she head snap upward -- eye cold . Voice , not she own : samantha watch you back . I be not do yet . daedalus that 's a very funny joke . you be a entertaining woman . good night . he hit the button . she plunge beneath the surface . daedalus walk over to one corner . sit down . take out a pipe . light it . pick up a book . read . and read . underwater -- Sam thrashes and jerk , to and for . Dead Nathan , mock she . there , under the water , the memory come ... in a flood . Stark and vivid . memory flash - the year the trunk of a car open , revealing a patch of night sky . mostly obscure by two familiar individual -- there 's one -eyed jack , remember he ? few year young . one eyeball heavier . the other man be timothy . he look in the trunk . nod . timothy okay , I will signal daedalus . you money will be wait , and Jack ...? do yourself a favor , do she and dump she , I be serious . do not get cute , try to play doctor first . I make that mistake . the lid slam shut . back under the water the world of rush madness , memory unspool now , faster and faster -- memory flash : a cliff overlook the ocean . darkness . sheet rain . we heroine ( for it be unquestionably samantha ) be lie unconscious atop a rocky bluff . drenched . one -eyed jack produce a syringe from a leather case . roll up she sleeve . start to administer the injection . stop . he can not resist ... can not help loosening the button on she shirt . her eye snap open . and before it even register , she 's grab the hypodermic and plunge it deep into he eye -- then she 's up and run . along the cliff , toward the car ... Jack , howling in pain , stumbling ... draw he gun and shoot she . in the head . she pitch backward . tumble from the cliff ...! rushes headlong toward the water below , get smaller -- int . basement of old mill - the present here . now . she break the surface . gasp for breath . shriek , a sound rip from she by the pain , the cold -- by she rupture sanity . she hang there . drenched . half freeze . daedalus can not help it . a chill dance up he spine , watch ... she be not afraid . she be not whimper . she be look directly at he . with a sick smile . charly daedalus ... make you a deal ... let I go now ...? I will leave you the use of you leg ... bargain , trust I ... daedalus struggle to recover he poise . daedalus how do you find I ? who know about this place , who have you told ? charly 's eye bore into he : charly I let you touch I , cowboy ... I think I need a bath . daedalus stab the red button . the big wheel turn ... into the water go charly . go down for the third time . under the water - hell - same here we be again , in the world of silence and blind pain . despair and madness but now there 's something else -- now there 's rage . it take lose most of the flesh from she right wrist ... but she frees the hand . wrench it loose . the water turn soupy red around it . grope , blindly . finger numb , so fuck cold -- breath , run out . no air . no time . she dart she right hand forward . toward the obscenely bob corpse of Nathan . do something grotesque , jam she hand down the corpse's pant -- hideaway gun , it 's right where he say , right beside Mr. wally . PSP - 25 . semi-auto , steel jacket . she wait . rage inside she . death in she hand . meanwhile , back on the surface the wheel creak . groan . the terrorist in the western boot watch she emerge , face first -- she come up fire . the first slug take he in the knee . blow it to scrap . he collapse , howling . she shift aim . the red button . no hesitation . blam -! Hit it dead on . stop the wheel . incredible . do not blink . unty she captive hand . blows to splinter the wood surround she foot . leap to solid ground , as another angle daedalus look up from he prone position . in agony . a vision from Hell approach : a fiendish blue-skinned woman in a sodden nightgown . blood leak from one wrist . she have rise , reborn , from the icy water . daedalus samantha ... please ...! charly who 's samantha ? she shoot he in the other knee . he howl . gun , empty . she toss it aside . in a nearby crate : assault rifle . snatch up a kalashnikov and clip . kneel and say : charly you see in the movie , badguy say , " talk to I and I will let you live . " we be gonna run a variation , it go like this : talk to I ...? I will let you die . she fire again . charly where 's henessey ...? int . root cellar - with henessey the detective lie naked , bound hand and foot . beaten . freezing . a single ray of light through a tiny crack . he hear a splintering noise , as if a door 's be rip from its hinge . pause -- a fusillade of gunfire . shout , cry . a heavy weight slam to the floorboard above he . through a crack come a tiny stream of blood , dribble onto he , as -- ext . old mill - same time timothy bolt from the house , clutching a bleed hand . running hellbent for leather . reaches a park car . leap in and kick over the engine as , behind he -- more men come pile out of the house , shouting . running for they car -- never make it . CUT down in there track . wrack by gunfire , body twitching ... and as timothy peel out , spraying mud , we pull up , up , and away ... into the sky , move ever higher , gunfire fade ... until now we be way up , we can see timothy 's car ... the old mill , ever so tiny below we ... it blow to piece . send flame board fly straight up at US . int . victorian build - chapter hq - nighttime the door burst open as perkin stalk in , shed he coat . his aide -- let 's call he harry -- look up nervously . perkin this can not happen , Harry . the President 's already up at night , prowling he sock drawer for double agent , and now we have get a fuck rogue on we hand . harry Sir , there 's someone in the conference room to see you . perkin oh , for the love of Christ , who can be so fuck important ? he throw open a door off the passage : there's timothy . perched on the edge of a conference table , tamping a pack of smoke . Perkins react , stunne . timothy it 's I , you poor black cousin . the one you can not be see with . perkin * you *...! be you crazy , come here ?? timothy ( light a cigarette ) my boss be dead . perkin what ...? timothy you rogue bitch just take he out . probably go shopping in he weapon storage too . he blow smoke . train he eye on the older man . pierce . timothy we be still on , Perkins . I have get the tanker , the chemist , all ready to go ... but you gotta contain she , man . we gotta step on she hard and fast . a agent on the switchboard call out : switchboard you have a call on line three , sir . perkin who be it ? switchboard charly Baltimore , sir . Perkins stop dead . lunge for the phone , nearly drop it : perkin Perkins . intercut - our heroine at pay phone we only see she mouth . set in hard , grim line . she say : charly it 's cold , I want to come in . perkin charly ...? oh , my God , what the hell be you * do * ? listen to I , I be go to direct you to a safe house , get you on a plane -- charly can the bullshit , I be not tell you where I be . I will come in for a full debrief , but we do it my way . perkin charly , you be be paranoid . it 's not like it use to be , you be eight year out of date . charly do tell . perkin Congress will not authorize a dime , charly . chapter 's on the way out , we have be reduce to a record - keep agency , we * do not have enough money to kill you* , understand ...? charly fuck you , Perkins . if you want I dead , you will pass a hat in the type pool to buy bullet . we do thing my way . perkin you way , I see . and if I say go to hell ? charly from where I stand , it be not much of a commute . you will hear from I . she click off . Perkins dart a look at the techie -- guy shake he head , no go on the trace . Perkins swear . perkin she must not threaten we success . contain she , whatever it take . but be * careful * . if it get out you be work for I ... we will both be grab we ankle on the White House lawn . establishing shot - atlantic CITY , new jersey - night there . thank you , New Jersey , that will be all . you can go now . um , please . int . HOTEL suite - atlantic CITY - night waking be slow for Mitch henessey . he swallow dryly . eye creak open , struggle to focus ... hear water run . a shower . squint at he watch . he 's not wear a watch , he know that ... in bed , naked . chest swathed in bandage , what the hell ...? he poke they . jerk he head , hiss in pain . ext . live room of suite - with henessey - night henessey light a smoke at the bar . flick the match in a trashcan . start to go , stop ... reaches into the can . pluck out a tiny scrap : photograph , rip in two . a photo of hal and caitlin . he pocket it , disturb . cross to the bathroom door . the shower have stop . raise a tentative hand , start to knock ... it open . there , in a thin silk robe , be a woman , swabbing at she hair . she breeze out of the bathroom all chipper , like nothing 's unusual . notice henessey cursorily . raise a finger : " one sec . " lower she head and shake it like a terrier , spraying he . he can not stop stare . it 's samantha , it * have * to be ... now she 's blonde , though . Hair clipped short . bobb . blood - red fingernails . Red cotton shift , leg for day . then , she * smile * at he -- and it 's not she , not samantha . amnesia 's over , folk , because we be clearly look at a change woman : this one 's name be charly baltimore , and she have not see the light of day in eight year . charly hey , Mitch . glad you be awake . uh - oh , you be seeping . she grab a washcloth . frown , say : charly here , look at this . with that , she open she robe and expose she breast . henessey perk up considerably -- then scream as she rip the gauze from he chest . she clinch the robe again . henessey ah , that hurt like shit !! charly that 's why I distract you first . ( dab at he wound ) same principle as break in virgin . henessey same as -- virgin , * what *...? charly saw it in a harold robbin book . guy bite she on the ear as he go in . distract from the pain . you ever try that ? henessey no , I slug them in the jaw and yell " pop go the weasel , " what the fuck be you talk about ? who be you ?? charly name 's charly . the spy . Nice to meet 'cha . drink ? int . casino bar - evening henessey watch , fascinate . all the little mannerism , the difference . shake out a match , run a hand through she hair ... and never miss a thing , eye constantly rove , scan . Guard never down . she pluck a drink from a nearby table , steal it outright . charly see ? sit next to the dance floor , every drink 's free . people finish dance , they think the waiter lift them . henessey grimace . clear he throat , say : henessey I be confuse . gimme a minute . charly take two , they be small . she knock back she drink . no hesitation . henessey shift uncomfortably , light a smoke . henessey okay . let 's say I buy it . you be actually a train killer , Jesus , I can not even say it with a straight face . ( frown ) so then ... samantha , she ... charly never really exist . like Nathan say , she be a total fabrication , I make she up . henessey fabrication . and now she 's just ... go ? forever and ever ? charly thank God . look at my inordinately large ass , look what she do to I . henessey squirm , this one 's gonna take some time to digest . henessey pretty convincing act . charly guess so . henessey I mean , she personality , it have to come from * somewhere * -- charly Change the subject . better yet , steal I another drink . henessey sigh . next to he a couple get up to dance . he reach over and lift they beer . henessey drink up . what 's next ? charly I call chapter . I be try to bring we in from the field alive ... henessey chapter . can you trust they ? charly not sure . until I know , you might wanna stay away from curb . he look at she , confuse : charly they like to push people in front of bus . do not need to know that . a dancing santa go by : santa claus ( bad Caribbean accent ) hey , lady , Santa want to dance the lambada wit'choo . * come this way , everybody *! he shimmy away . charly grin at henessey : charly if I could come that way I would not need to dance the lambada . follow I , I need you to do something . ext . dance club - pay phone - nighttime henessey hunch forward , speak rapidly into the phone : henessey ... the lady 's whacked , trin , she 's lose it and I want fuck out , now * call the fed * . she 's move we tonight , I will sneak out to this phone , call you back at midnight with the detail . he hang up quickly . turn -- reveal charly , loung a foot away , watch he . henessey all right , charly . what do that accomplish ? charly I be testing we boy Perkins . I figure he 's gotta be tapping you office . get a light ...? henessey ( pause , then : ) oh , no . he just trace that call ? she swipe match from he pocket . nod . charly come midnight , you hang by the phone . nobody show , we think about trust he . he try to kidnap and torture you , well , there it be . henessey whoa , time out . charly oh , do not be such a baby . ( light she cigarette ) ten o'clock , we get two hour to kill . I be a woman , feed I . ext . atlantic CITY boardwalk - nighttime carnival ride , dead for the winter . henessey and charly stroll beneath they . he smoke . she eat chinese . charly ugh . God I be full , I be gonna have a food baby . he take a good long look at she , still can not fathom it . henessey " charly . " fuck unbelievable . ( beat ) shame about the fat ass . I bet you be really attractive once . charly oh , I be . check this out . one time ? a guy say he would fuck I . henessey no . charly swear to God . henessey do he make good ? charly absolutely . oh , and afterwards ? oh my God , afterwards I say the most funny thing , you know what I say ...? ( beat ) I say , " go back to you room . dad ... " she laugh through a swig of beer . memory flash : charly 's bedroom as dad put the gun to he head and fire , crack ... charly it 's why he think I have he kill . henessey huddle , watch she closely . henessey you father be murder . she nod , gaze out over the icy water . speak , she voice faraway and go : charly when Da die , I go to he funeral . 12 year old , today I would not . and I overhear a woman , she be praying ... she be thanking God -- sound so happy -- thanking him it have not be * her* father who be kill . see ... she do not really care that God have let someone die ... just so long as it miss * she *. ( beat ) ... and she buy she cross at the same store as mine , see , that 's what we do , we all pray to the same cross on a hundred different wall , and sit back and wait to see who get hit and who get miss . anger flare in she eye . like a stir of mud at the bottom of a deep , deep , pond . charly fuck the wait . fuck be afraid . I determine who get hit , and how hard . and I thank no one . it 's pathetic to thank someone who spare you -- when they be just take someone else . ( beat ) walk I upstairs ? int . HOTEL suite - bedroom - nighttime they enter the suite . she drop she purse , sway toward he . press he against the wall , frame there in the doorway . charly this be my first date in eight year , Mitch . be this a fun date ...? quite suddenly , charly lean over and kiss he on the lip . he react , startle . stare at she . henessey okay , what 's go on ? charly true love , shut the fuck up . henessey you kid I ? I be a ex-con , lady . I wear a shiny suit , my tie 's crooked , and the last time I get blow candy bar cost a nickel . plus I be ugly , so what 's up ? charly chemistry . be quiet . she nibble he ear . pull back , smile -- and henessey 's hold the picture of hal and caitlin . the one he find tear in two . he look she full in the face : henessey chemistry my ass . know what I think ? I think this be why you would fuck I . ( beat ) to kill a schoolteacher . bury any trace of she . he push she away . henessey sorry , I like the schoolteacher . when she come back , give I a call . charly jerk backward . angry . henessey head for the bathroom . henessey oh , and call you fuckin ' kid , will ya ' ? it 's two day to Christmas , and she 's under the mistaken impression that mommy give a shit . charly snatch up she purse , eye burn : charly I do not ask for the kid , Mitch . samantha have the kid , not I , nobody asked I . she storm out . CUT to : ext . CITY STREET - nighttime charly stalk the city street . a quartet sing , " God Rest ye merry , " ostensibly about joy , oddly the most depress tune ever write . on a crowded street , she be alone . total misfit . search she own haggard feature in a shop window . swallow hard , whisper : charly easy , baby . she be not come back , no way . bitch be dead . she bustles down a sidestreet , hand jamme in she pocket . that 's when a tall beard man cross the street and fall in alongside . beard man good evening . charly fuck off . beard man I see I a good-look lady , all upset , I wonder if she do not need some male company . charly forget it . I be save myself ' till I get rape . his hand edge out of he windbreaker with a snubnose .38 . beard man step into the alley , honey . I be not ask , I be tell . charly stop walk . regards he the way you or I might look at a telephone cord . groan : charly oh , do not tell I . you be early , goddammit , you be suppose to be at the pay phone . go away and come back at midnight . I be not ready yet . get a light ? the guy stare , mouth work . beard man Lady , I have a gun ! which be precisely when a much larger Smith and wesson cock next to he ear : voice ( v.o. ) this be not no ham on rye , pal . henessey hold the gun rock steady in he big fist . charly spin on he , eye flash : charly what the hell be you do here ? henessey save you life . woulda get here sooner but I be think up the sandwich line . charly you think I could not take he ? * idiot* , you probably scared the other guy away -- henessey what other guy -- ? charly headhunters , nimrod , they go in pair , be you always this stupid or do you take lesson ? henessey I take lesson . the hitman watch , bewilder . consider wave to get they attention . finally he can not stand it . blurt out : beard man hey ! charly snap she head toward he : charly * what * ? beard man I still get this fuck gun ! she smile sweetly . charly no , you do not . take it off he . just like that . he stare dumbly at he empty hand . half of he trigger finger be miss . beard man shiiiit !! charly flip the gun into the air . launch a spin kick . shatter he jaw . catapult he backwards . complete she spin , catlike -- catch the .38 on its way down . doesn't stop there . Arm out , gun cocked -- fire . straight at henessey , what ...? he dive aside -- behind he , a second hitman . blown to tatter . the knife mean for henessey arc through the air ... imbed itself in the ground a inch from the prone detective . he stare at it with shocked eye . the killer hit , dead . twitches . charly . lower she arm slowly . gun barrel smoking . charly fuck you . just fuck all of you . ext . atlantic CITY STREET - nighttime a bronco roar up out of a parking garage . swerves and plunge into the maze of street that inspire the world 's most popular board game . int . bronco - same charly drive , possess . henessey drink . hand shaking . charly dammit . I know I could not trust that prick . she throw a shriek skid . henessey clutches for the dashboard , swear . charly easy , spike . I get myself out of Beirut once , I think I can get we out of New Jersey . henessey do not be so sure , other have try . the entire population , in fact . ( beat ) look , about I ...? I mean , what 's up , you be this hot survival chick , I be get the feel you do not need I anymore . charly reach over . yank the doorhandle . charly good point . she kick he out of the move car . ext . highway - same time he bounce off the highway . roll . over and over , shudder to a stop . pause ... the wind blow . he groan . look up , spit gravel . stands . dust himself off . watch the bronco go far away . time CUT - ext . highway - night as henessey trudge wearily down the highway we hear : henessey ( v.o. ) dear Mom : I be torture , now I be in Atlantic City . the girl of my dream just throw I out of a speed car . now more people will come a shoot I in the head . on the plus side , I win two buck at video poker . a screech of tire , he turn , startle -- here come the bronco . skid onto the highway and race back toward he . pull up alongside . charly throw open the door , say : charly get in . he do . without a word . close the door , they drive off . he light a cigarette like nothing happen . shake out the match , speak without look at she : henessey found a use for I . charly yep. ( beat ) I gotta vanish , Mitch . I need money , a whole bunch . henessey why do not you say so ? gimme a second while I pull it out of my ass . she turn to he , a gleam in she eye . speak softly : charly the key , Mitch . the one I keep around my neck . henessey what about it ? charly what if I tell you it 's the key to box 406 at Pittsburgh International Airport ? henessey how would you know ? someone file off the number . charly not someone . me. I file they off . ( beat ) there 's a briefcase in box 406 , Mitch . henessey what 's in it ? charly $ 200,000 . henessey do a spit-take , spray whiskey . charly payment for my last assignment . I need you to retrieve it for I . henessey why I ? charly do not be stupid , they might have the place cover . I do not want to get shot to piece . henessey shoulda know . ( sigh ) gimme the key . charly I would love to . I leave it with caitlin back in Ohio . ext . countryside - night the bronco race on into the night ... int . bronco - same time late , very late now . henessey , drive . beside he , charly recline , lose in reverie . feature bath in pass roadlight . henessey grind out a butt : henessey humor I : you be a pay assassin , then you fall off a cliff . sink under the ocean , and when you come out you be a fuck schoolmarm , wanna tell I what happen ? charly I fall into a school of fish , they elect I principal . shut the fuck up . henessey mmmm. personally ...? I be think maybe samantha caine be not a act . maybe you forget to hate yourself for eight year , ever think of that ...? charly shut . the. fuck. up. hmmm ... nope , seem clear enough to I . hate myself , Christ almighty . what be you , my shrink ? henessey no , just some loser think he could maybe understand , fuck it . I be there , you know . I would kill for fuck amnesia . I be with my boy and all I can think be I get ream in the ass by three guy . merry Christmas , son , here 's a ball glove , do you know daddy scream when they carve the name in he back ...? Mary , by the way . I push for Cindy , but hell . God , I be tired . ( beat ) I never do one thing right , you know it , not one fuck thing . not even accidental , that take skill . he look over . she 's asleep , have not hear a word . face slack , lip slightly parte . the toughness banish from she feature . in its place , a linger sadness . CUT to : ext . suburban STREET - dawn breaking the bronco glide along . charly in the passenger seat , eye rove like a hawk 's . the caine house be peaceful and quiet . Christmas light , still burn dimly . charly drive past , do not slow down . ( point ) Park under that tree , honk if there 's trouble . henessey ( bad Rochester ) yas , massah , I be slowin ' de caw down of ' you . she stuff a .45 automatic in she waistband . cradle a mp - 5 beneath she coat . roll out of the still - move truck . make she way through back yard . Silent as a cat . she go to cookout here . Bridge party . now she prowl , a grim assassin . leap a fence , drop behind a woodpile -- come face to face with raymond , a fifth grade student we see earlier . secrete behind the woodpile , smoking . his eye pop as he spy good ol ' Ms. caine , sport blonde hair and a assault weapon . charly do not miss a beat : charly good morning , Raymond . raymond um ... morning , Ms. caine . charly what do we learn about the danger of smoking ...? give it here . a wet stain appear at he crotch . he hand she the cigarette with nerveless finger . charly accept it . take a long , satisfy drag . pass it back . charly thanks . tell anyone you see I I will blow you fuck head off . move off through the bush . out of sight . ext . caine back yard - moment later charly kick aside a pair of abandon ice skate . crouches , face press to the glass door . look in . the house be silent and empty . nobody home . the Christmas tree wink off and on . the tree she help decorate . she open the door and slip inside . CUT to : int . government issue sedan - drive - same time Three government agent . face draw , haggard . pit-stain shirt , day old sandwich . carry photograph of charly and henessey . agent # 1 sigh , examine she figure . agent # 1 man , I would eat a mile of she shit just to follow it back to the ass it come from . agent # 2 Christ , I be try to have breakfast . a radio mic on the dash squawk , a voice say : voice ( o.s. ) unit 2 to Red Dog , give we one more pass , let 's make sure the house be secure . ext . caitlin' bedroom - same time charly enter . all business . begins to systematically rifle the drawer . her daughter 's precious thing . sweep everything onto the floor . utter disregard , it 's a bit startling . cross to the bed , throw back the cover -- mr. perkin ( the stuff bear ) have the chain around he neck . we hear it , then . ghost on the still air , barely audible , the sound of singing ... Children 's voice waft across the freeze pond from St. Paul 's Episcopal church . charly frown . cross to the window , lift the sash . pause . charly chew she lip . unlimber the mp - 5 . heft the wick - look thing . not to fire it ... but to use the scope . adjust focus . practice movement . deft. sure . sights down the weapon . scan though the gunsight ... Pov charly : hal 's christmas pageant . there 's hal . cast in spectral GREEN . laugh and serve breakfast . on the church lawn , a nativity scene . teenage girl as the wise man . choir of child , sing ... caitlin among they . charly be sweat . she lower the scope . squeeze she eye shut . something in she , threaten to wrench loose ... ext . front of caine house - same time henessey , slouched behind the wheel . start to light a cigarette . stop , the match halfway to he face . eye rivete on the rearview mirror as a government sedan turn the corner behind he ... back with charly - inside watch she family , far away . Fighting emotion . that 's when she hear a horn honking . her head whip around , toward the front of the house . the honk be follow by three gunshot in rapid succession . she 's up and move . all else forget . ext . front of caine house - same time henessey peel out , tire smoking . careen forward , government sedan close behind -- the upstairs window explode outward . charly , hurtle through . freefall to the porch roof . Glass , shower down . Hit , roll . surface in a combat crouch , fire . government sedan , kill the passenger . collapse he over the doorframe . gun clatter to the street , car speed off -- int . government sedan - drive the driver look over , incredulous . driver he 's dead . goddammit , how do that happen ?? backseat * go bulletproof , now *! the driver hit a button and up go the window . all , that be , except the passenger side window -- because the dead guy 's bald head block it . become wedged there . bald pate expose to the world . back with charly - front of house charly watch the two vehicle rocketing away down the street . out of range . lower the smoking .45 . swear . take off around the house at a dead run . int . ST . paul be - same time switch scenery : the Christmas pageant , caitlin and fellow angel traipse into the church vestibule ... caitlin look up just in time to see timothy apply the chloroform . two second , she 's out like a light . next case . up and move , child tuck neatly under he arm . a nearby mother of three have see it happen . open she mouth to scream -- he palm a knife . put it to she youngest son 's kidney : timothy wanna be a statistic , lady ? you be about to have 2.4 child . freezes she . petrify . timothy I know where you live . Close you mouth , you look like a fish . merry Christmas . he exit into the vestibule . Quick . professional . meanwhile , back at the ranch : High speed chase , in progress . the driver dog henessey , jockey for position . bark into a radio mic : driver target two , acquire ! Red Dog in pursuit , backup request . ( over he shoulder ) you get he ? backseat I get he . the backseat agent heft a AK - 47 assault rifle . with henessey - drive henessey check the rear view mirror -- just in time to see a circular portion of glass pop from the chase car 's window . out come a gun muzzle . henessey Jesus wept . the guy open up on full auto . rake the bronco , strafe it . henessey swerve madly -- no go . death run . he 's not come home , not this time . ext . frozen pond - same time charly baltimore hurtle forward , speed skating across the freeze pond toward the chase vehicle . Long , coltish leg , to die for . charly this be gross , this be gonna be so goddamn gross ... she go sideslipping at superhuman speed . tack alongside the government sedan . target the bald guy 's head . raise the .45 and fire . not to be graphic , but the car 's driver receive the bulk of the mess . spraye . across the eye . he lose control , skid out . catapult off the road , onto the ice . slide right toward charly , * still do fifty *... she do not miss a beat . launch herself , twist in midair ... up over the hood of the sedan , it blow by underneath she as another angle the incredible part . in slow motion , she do a double axel pirhouette . above the hood . mid-spin , she blow three shot through the windshield . kill everyone . keeps go . the car spin twice around . plows to a halt -- charly hit a picture perfect landing . on the shore , henessey watch , thunderstruck . charly skate by the icebound sedan . flashes a grin at the die driver : driver shit ... it really ... * is* you ... charly phil ...? phil krauss ? I do not believe it , they move you from cypher . Long time , man , I figure you be dead by now . she deliver a blow to the neck . kill he . CUT to : ext . highway - drive - daytime henessey and charly , drive a new vehicle : late model cadillac . charly driver . henessey rifle the glove compartment . charly so , Mitch . still think I be warm and fuzzy ? henessey sure . it 's not you fault the gun accidentally go off in mid-air as you trip and fly over the car . charly exactly . what 's in the glove box ? henessey phone bill , Christmas card ... five buck , swell . you do not have to kill he , you know . charly back off , man . do I tell you how to snap photo of extramarital blowjob ? no . there be a short , chirping sound . seemingly from nowhere . they exchange puzzle look , what the hell ...? charly abruptly realize it 's come from she purse . she reach in , scoops up the cellular phone , the one she tell caitlin to call . thumb the button . say cautiously : charly hello ? a voice , then ... clipped tone , timothy be voice : timothy ( o.s. ) it 's I , I get you kid . give you location , we gotta lose the cellular . charly . Hand grip tight on the phone . pause , then : charly State Road 80 , 15 minute west of Harrison . timothy okay , here 's how we do it . drive to Harrison , find they main bus stop . pay phone , fifteen minute . better drive fast , after five ring I hang up . click . henessey what the hell be that ? charly he 's get the kid . do not want to talk on the airwave , he 's rout I to a land line . a pay phone . henessey which phone ? where ? the detective 's mind , racing ... suddenly it hit he : henessey shit. service center ...! they list them on the back of phone bill , right ? charly Excuse I ? henessey shut up and find I a gun . hk , mp - 5 . as he rip open the bill we CUT to : a neutral background , as charly 's head enter frame , we be very tight on she face ... tense , thin -lipped . a phone ring , deafen . click -- charly speak tersely : charly verify you have she . timothy ( o.s. ) I get you cellular number off a cast on she right wrist . right below mommy love you ... picture of a panda . Dog , panda , it 's get funky ear . close on charly : Dead still . make of glass . timothy ( o.s. ) I want money , charly . I know you have get numbered account , we all do . I will let you know where and when . fuck with I ...? I will blind the kid and shoot out she knee . charly you be dead , motherfucker . we do not involve family . it 's not the way it 's do , * we do not take family *. timothy I will be in touch . he hang up . Dead silence . hold on charly 's face ... until slowly , ever so slowly , the camera pull back to reveal : the .45 automatic -- point at the head of a at&amp ; T operator . the phone company , they have take it over . employee cringe on the floor . henessey , mp - 5 sling on he shoulder , levele . charly point to the switchboard : charly give I a ani trace . do it . ext . pine - cover mountian - upstate new york - morning set back from the mountain road , a lonely motel . a neon sign : * Deer lick motel* , no vacancy . the sign sit atop a rusty pole . blink forlornly . int . motel room - same time timothy hang up and turn to mr . perkin , seat across the room : timothy it 's do , she hook . all I gotta do be set the ransom meet . perkin she must not suspect a trap . timothy no way . she think I be act alone , remember ? say the word , I will hand she to you on a plate . Perkins cross to the bed . rub tired eye . gaze down at caitlin . asleep , a syringe on the nightstand beside she . next to a brown paper bag . perkin God . we be monster , be not we ...? ( pause , then : ) forget charly . talk to I about tonight . timothy the tanker 's on its way from Charleston , eta 1:00 a.m . one terrorist on ice , wait to play patsy . ( point ) what 's in the sack ? Perkins follow he gaze : the brown paper bag . smile thinly . perkin that ...? something to prove that I be not a complete ogre . he reach into the paper bag and bring out a baby doll . sweet , innocent . frilly with lace . a bright red bow . perkin see ? the young one will have a doll to play with on Christmas . very popular item . it ... well , it pee . you put water in it and ... oh , fuck you . int . roadside restaurant - new york state - twilight charly and henessey , eat at hardee be . seat across from each other at a orange plastic table , scarfing Christmas burger . outside , a billboard read : welcome to santa claus ! * where it 's Christmas all year long *! henessey almost dark now . charly another ten minute . you want my crazy meal action figure ? henessey pass . listen , you sure we be do the right thing ? we have get money , we could negotiate ... charly * I will get the damn kid* , okay ? God , I hope he do not shoot she up . kid 's dead weight if she 's sedate . henessey not so emotional , I be get embarrassed with this outburst here . charly oh , ball . want I to cry on cue ? I can . this be a extraction , nimrod , and she 's the target , that 's how to play it , the only way to beat this guy . henessey yeah ? how come you know so much about this fuck guy ? charly do not go there , Mitch , you do not want to know . henessey I be here . suppose you tell I . charly Fine , you ask . I bump pelvise with this guy . in Paris , back in 1987 . she know she 's shocking he , rub it in : charly I would be assign to kill he boss , remember ...? need he out of the way . so I let he seduce I . have a steel needle under the pillow , figure to stick he *en flagrante* , that mean while we be screwing . but he be too slick . bashed I in the head , finish , then throw I in the trunk of a car . still think I be a girl scout , Mitch ...? the look in she eye be feral . charly it 's almost dark . let 's get it do . ext . mountain road - nighttime full dark now , the fun begin ... a tanker truck rumble up the mountain road . pull up before the Deer lick Motel . men in suit wield flashlight , motion the truck forward into a cavernous garage . Inside , man in blue jumpsuit operate crane , maneuver a fill tank into place above the truck . ext . surrounding mountainside - same time in the distance , as the tanker enter the garage -- charly baltimore drop into frame . land and roll , cat-quick . come up behind a scrawny pine . scan through a pair of Zeiss nightvision binocular . welcome to the extraction . no more fun and game , tonight it 's a survival - zero operation . henessey appear at she elbow . lug the ordnance bag . he see charly lower the binocular , head in hand . henessey what 's the matter ? charly they be here . henessey who ? charly Fucking chapter , that 's who . timothy act alone , caitlin have a chance . now ...? she 's dead meat . int . bunker - same time as the tanker snort to a halt , timothy pull up , drive a bright red jaguar . get out as a blue-suit trot up : blue -suit 1800 hour . we be still try to clean the tanker -- timothy ( scowl annoyance ) fuck the clean , just drain it and reload . chop -chop , I be go bunjee jump after this . ext . mountainside - same time charly and henessey . kneel . he speak tersely : henessey let I go in . charly negative . you stomp around like a forty drunk and you be a lousy shot . henessey I get by . charly you could not hit a lake if you be stand on the bottom , now shut the fuck up . charly study the encampment . armed man . impossible odd . draw a long rag breath and flop on the ground . props she back against a tree . stare . light a cigarette : charly I see a little girl . henessey ( frown ) come again ? charly that 's what happen under the water . that night , eight year ago . she look up at the sky . face troubled . charly at the end ... there she be , this pretty little girl at the bottom of the ocean , smile at I . Three year old , do not know daddy hide in closet , not yet . stare up at I in the strangest way ... say how would it come to this , we be so pretty and perfect , now look at we , sink with we head all open ... Said when she grow up she be gonna teach school . she could not wait . she heave a sigh . thread a silencer on a baretta . charly Guards be on 27 - 1 megahertz , meet I at 26 - 9 , you need to talk . as soon as you spot I with the kid , start blow the charge . henessey nod . pause -- she do something unexpected . leans over and kiss he hard on the lip . he react , startle . she pull back , the oddest look on she face . charly they be gonna blow my head off , you know . ( softly : ) this be the last time I will ever be pretty . she kiss he again . softly . tenderly . pull back , turn without a word . charly time now . what I do next , they tell I it ... look like a machine or something . you do not like it , do not look . she move off toward the tree . henessey shift from foot to foot , awkwardly . open he mouth -- charly do not say it . henessey I be gonna say enjoy life , eat out more often . charly gotta go . ( beat ) if she 's alive , she 's come out of there , Mitch . if she 's not ... they will know we stop by . she 's go , like a wraith . CUT to : series of shot : charly , on the prowl . in and out of the tree ... burying c-4 charge . in bush . in snowdrift . she crawl to wood ' edge , peer out -- the motel stand solemn and bedraggle . draw a sharp breath -- ! there 's a lit candle in the window of 17 . CUT to : ext . motel ground - same time a gray-suite sentry . poise on a wood slope . he put a walkie-talkie to he lip and say : sentry all clear . charly , out of nowhere . lightn fast . Hand , clamp on mouth . in go the knife . deep . he burble blood . drop . before he hit , charly 's already switch from knife to gun and move on . ext . unit 17 - same time charly appear from the shadow . ghost up to the window of # 17 and peer in . scan . miss nothing . cross to the door , tap lightly . watch the peephole , a tiny pinprick of light . abruptly darken by a human eye -- she press the silence beretta to the hole and fire . sput of splinter . from behind the door , a muffle thud . she go to work on the lock . back with henessey - minute have passed henessey lie prone , binocular train on the motel . henessey Christ , lady , what be you do in there , play fuck mah-jongg ? * move *. behind he , a tiny , sharp click --! timothy have a skorpion machine pistol aim at he head . the killer speak into a radio unit , a single word -- timothy bogey . pop -! go the kleig light . brilliance , blind -- catch charly come out of 17 . pin she dead to rights . unconscious daughter cradle in she arm . tiny doll cradle in the kid 's . charly run , as the ground around she erupt like a shellburst . timothy , meanwhile , shouting into he walkie-talkie , say : timothy take she alive , Perkins want she ! henessey watch , helpless and panicked , as charly tumble backward . crashes through a cellar access , it splinter beneath she ...! plunge into blackness . int . cellar - pitch black she hit , cushion the kid . grunt of pain ... the darkness explode into kaleidoscopic flash of gunfire , charly strafe it all . blow through the clip , hit the light : she 's kill household item . brick wall , blast . rusty tool , fade sign -- three ten -gallon gas can which she 's manage to perforate , good one , charly ... the gas come bubbling out on burp and splatter , drench the floor . charly cast about for a escape route . set into the brick wall , a huge steel door . she fling it open -- meat locker . nothing there , no help . eye darting . possess . a gravely voice waft down from above , then . deadly serious : voice ( o.s. ) I smell gasoline , you have a little accident ...? I get plenty of match up here . bad way for a kid to go . thirty second , think it over . charly stand in place , mind racing ... caitlin 's doll . regards she dully . plastic smile like it know a secret . CUT to : int . motel - 2 nd floor - nighttime a match flare as it descend into the bowl of a pipe ... mr. perkin puff mightily . turn and favor charly and henessey with a thoughtful gaze , they be handcuff to radiator ... timothy straddle a nearby chair . smile and say : timothy good to have you back again , Chuck . perkin you know , Colonel , you ought really to have stay dead . you do not know the rule of the game anymore . charly no shit . eight year ago , you send I to kill daedalus and this clown . now you be work * with * he . he cross to the fireplace , flip the match inside . perkin budget cut , remember ? Congress blind we in Eastern Europe , Central America . across the board , a intelligence blackout . we have to recruit any eye and ear we could find , even if it mean go to former target . pause . suddenly charly 's eye go wide . she whisper : charly budget cut ... oh , God . be * that * what this be about ...? the foot soldier , the tanker truck ... fuck I , you be run a fundraiser !! comprehension , dawn . she look up in disbelief . charly you will get all the money you want at the next budget hearing , will not you ...? all you need be a major terrorist incident . perkin interesting theory . charly Theory , my ass . I think some terrorist be plan a strike . buy supplies from daedalus , that 's how you know they be come ... ( eye widen ) no way . do not tell I you be gonna sit there and let they go through with it , * just to get a budget increase * . Perkins shrug philosophically . perkin it 's not without precedent . 1993 , remember the World Trade Center bombing ...? the CIA have advance knowledge , do not think they do not . worse , the diplomat who issue the terrorist 's visa be CIA , they * facilitate * the bombing . purely to justify a budget increase . of course , they would no way of know the terrorist would botch the job . charly that 's not gonna happen this time ...? perkin no . this time , the terrorist event will come off precisely as plan . this time the terrorist can not muck it up ... because we have kill they and take over . charly and henessey react , startle ... ext . motel ground - nighttime on the move . we two heroes , shepherd across the compound . timothy 's casualness be bely by the presence of two dyspeptic guard , each keep a safe distance . a pock -face agent approach briskly , rifle across he shoulder . hold out he hand : pock found this bury around the perimeter . timothy study it : c-4 charge with remote detonation unit . timothy make sure you get all of they . the agent rush off . timothy look at charly reproachfully : timothy Chuck , you give I the fuck of my life then try to stick I , come back from the dead , whack my boss ... no sense lyin ' , I be miff . move like lightning . whack -! kidney shot . charly stumble , vision go black . fights for balance . henessey start to react but a gun muzzle stop he . charly straighten . grit she tooth , say : charly so what 's the plan ? what 's go out in the tanker ? timothy and the guard exchange look . crack up , they can not believe it -- charly 's not laugh . look at timothy with hood , lifeless eye : charly what 's the plan ? I be gonna die , I wanna know . timothy light a cigarette . Studies charly . timothy you wanna know the plan ? he casually point to the neighbor valley , where Christmas light twinkle . timothy Santa Claus -- small town u.s.a. personify . we drive the chemical tanker in tonight , park it . add a catalyst , chain reaction , it go hot . we evacuate . the mix heat overnight , go critical at 312 degree Celsius . 8:00 Christmas morning ... Main Street look like a meteor strike . henessey be you fuck insane ? you be talk about 10,000 people !! charly easy , Mitch . ( to timothy ) how you gonna blame it on terrorist ? timothy that road be treacherous this time of year . when we dump a car to the bottom of a ravine , with the corpse of imn Al Rahman in it ... get the picture ? pause . charly summon herself . her voice a dull rasp : charly listen to I , timothy . please . let my kid go . timothy why ? for old time ' sake ...? she shake she head : charly goddamn you , * look at she eye *... timothy and why exactly should I do that ...? charly ( spit blood ) because they be yours , motherfucker . she stare timothy full in the face . charly that night in Paris , I get pregnant . the little girl 's you daughter . Dead silence . a pause ... then timothy bray laughter . timothy priceless . can not believe it ... hoot out loud . tear , stream ... he manage to bring himself under control . stop , gesture to the cellar access , the dark await ... timothy kid 's down there . what it be , charly , they be gonna find you both freeze to death in the wood . suicide pact . charly fight to contain herself . charly she 's no risk , timothy , * let she go *. timothy the freezer 's downstairs , charly . let 's get it do . charly and henessey be separate at gunpoint . a look pass between they . henessey swallow hard . henessey I will wait for you to rescue I . charly be just a minute . charly go through the open . int . cellar - same time the same cellar she occupy earlier . timothy behind she , he wrinkle he nose in distaste . timothy shit , this place be load with fume , nobody light a fuck match . you check she for flammable ? gun guard ( shrug ) checked she for colon cancer . caitlin be sit in a chair . bundle in flannel , clutching she baby doll , the one Perkins buy for she . she look up at charly dully . suck she thumb . caitlin mommy ... charly compose herself . charly shhhhh . mommy 's here , it 's okay . safe and snug ... what come next , huh ...? what 's the next part ? caitlin ... bug in a rug ... man with white hair ... say the same thing you say ... charly lick she lip . easy , charly , keep cool , she must not die afraid ... charly we be go to take a nap together , Cate . you can have you dolly , and mommy will be next to you , how 's that ? it will be like bear in winter . when they get cold , see , they fall deep , deep asleep ... timothy bear , yeah , yeah . enough . he point to the steel door of the meat freezer . the guard open it onto a gleam silver chamber . timothy calmly adjust the thermostat . sub zero . the guard reach for caitlin 's doll ... charly snatch it back . face etched in disgust . charly you be murdering we both , cocksucker , let the kid have she fuck dolly . he subside , unable to meet she gaze . at which point , timothy toss she the wooden BOX . timothy Chuck , I be not a total creep . I will make you a deal , okay ? there 's a knife in that box . now , you and the kid , you be go to freeze , * but * -- if you kill the kid * by you own hand *...? I will not kill you husband . serious . we be gonna open that door and you will both be freeze solid , but I wanna know that you have cut you own child 's throat . you do not want to ever be on the receive end of the look she give he ... step into the freezer , hold caitlin . as the door start to swing shut , she say : charly it be not over , motherfucker . you be gonna die scream and I be gonna watch . be I tell the truth ...? she flash he she most dazzling smile -- the whole room light up . she can do that . as the door erase she from view , a chill dance up timothy 's spine ... because there be nothing resembling doubt on she face . int . cellar meat locker - same time charly cross with caitlin to the far corner . caitlin Mom , it 's cold in here -! charly shhh . just for a little bit . polar bear , remember ? moves. Quick . methodical . break open the BOX : sure enough , a hunt knife . without miss a beat , she cross to the steel door . kneel and begin digging at the bottom edge . carving into the brick , what the hell ...? int . upstair interrogation room - same time henessey , by the window . tied to a chair . timothy pace before he , carry three razor- keen scalpel . peg one into the wall with deadly accuracy . timothy tell I where charly keep she money . she must have mention it . henessey get fuck , you dumb bastard . charly call Washington , by morning this whole place will be crawl with fed . timothy we will be go by then , Mitch . henessey yeah , well , that 's what I be say , there 's a couple fed , they could not sleep , say they might come early . fuck you , someone will screw up . just watch . timothy already do , Mitch , someone already do . Perkins get stick with a double agent , someone trust , highly place . henessey who ? timothy me. ( chuckle ) chink be pay I to bring down chapter . henessey react , startle . timothy chuckle : timothy truck go , hundred dead -- rescue team within minute , guess what they find ...? henessey the patsy . timothy uh-uh . they find chapter , catch with they pants down . see , Mitch , I dumped in a much faster chemical catalyst ... ( beat ) the tanker 's gonna blow * tonight * . in the center of town , thirty - five minute from now . int . cellar meat locker - same time charly , sweat at sub zero . brushes hair from she eye . blink . still jabbing with the knife , * why the hell be she digging * ? gonna crawl under the damn door ? she 's go loopy . lying flat , she appraise she work -- a tiny notch . poke through to the other side . the actual penetration to daylight : millimeter . then , she do two seemingly nonsensical thing : cross to caitlin -- gently take the doll from she , then : charly open . reaches in she mouth . take out she retainer . must be the temperature . cross to the door again . kneel down . calmly , with infinite care , take the retainer ... invert it , now it 's * trough * - shape . hold it flush against the tiny notch she carve . baby doll , now . hold it directly above the retainer . depress the knob in its back : it pee gasoline . Gas , trickle down the retainer , through the brick -- into the other room . not much . enough . she stand . draw a trail with the doll . cross , dribble , over to caitlin . hand the doll back to she . what next ..? she grab the hunt knife , that 's what . raise it high -- one terrifying moment , be she gonna put it in the kid ...? hardly . bring it down on the floor . slam it down . charly gimme a spark ... show I , show I ... tries again . and again . striking , over and over . floor ring with the effort -- charly come on , come on ... do it ...! but in the end , it 's just not gonna happen . * wo not work * . let go a groan of despair : charly all this , just one fuck match , * goddamit * ...! she collapse forward . cradle she head in frustration . there 's a tiny tap in she shoulder . caitlin mommy ...? charly look up , face haggard and deplete ... caitlin 's eye , alive again . no longer dull . kid reach inside she cast and bring out a pack of match . caitlin do not cry . I keep this here . ( beat ) for lighting you candle . charly stare , dumbstruck , at the tiny gift . the bitterness , the self -hatred , all of it . under innocent eye on Christmas Eve detonate , blow sky-high , and she sweep up she daughter and cradle she , tear stream ... charly I love you , caitlin , oh God , do you know how much I love you ...? caitlin pull back , look flush in she mother 's face . caitlin be I gonna die ...? from a dark and cold place , caitlin have lead she home . charly 's eye , like steel . a harsh whisper : charly no , baby , you be not gonna die . they be . she strike a match . int . second story interrogation room - same time henessey , strain against he bond . sweating . timothy charly 's stash . what 's the number of the locker , Mitch ...? henessey fuck you . timothy across the room , a good forty foot . timothy Left nut , five buck I make it . smiling , he raise a scalpel . eye dead like a rat 's . int . cellar meat locker - same time the flame hover above the gasoline trail . charly when I tell you , scream as loud as you can , or else you ear will get hurt . a tiny nod . charly calmly touch fire to the fuel . cradle caitlin to she chest , gently stroke she hair ... charly hey , should we buy a dog ...? the flame race across the room . Hit the steel door . and zip ! vanish through the notch . a pause ... the basement blows sky-high . wooden wall , obliterate . board shear . atomize . the meat locker door blow inward like a cannon shot . hold to its hinge , buckle like jiffy pop . int . upstair interrogation room timothy's throw be off target , stick in henessey 's chair . between he leg . inch . then the assassin leave he feet , look of comic surprise -- as the wall behind he disintegrate in flame . henessey cry out , blind as ext . motel build he 's blow backward out the window . chair and all , lofting across the middle distance ... blast through the motel sign . blow it to splinter . tumble , and over end ... land , wham . atop the garage 's corrugate roof . chair fly to stick . a blue suit spin , startle . gun come up -- henessey do not miss a beat . reaches between he leg . pluck the knife from the wood and sling it ...! guy take it in the head , drop . some day you get lucky . he look up in disbelief . fireball , raging to Heaven . henessey you foxy bitch . ext . blast site - same time timothy stagger from the smoke . nicked and bloody -- alive . rushes into the cavernous garage , where blue-suit scuttle like ant . point to the tanker , face craze : timothy move it out of here , now ! ext . motel ground - traveling with charly - same time caitlin in tow , smoke everywhere . running flat out across the compound . eye tick back and forth , miss nothing ... see a gun on the ground , scoops it up : promptly drop it , the fuck thing 's red hot . that 's when the pock -face killer lurch out of the smoke , blade arcing for she throat . charly * run , catey *. she go under the blade . slam he . down they go , hit the dirt -- caitlin beat foot , vanish into the smoke . charly , fight for she life . manage to kick free . he rear up . poise to hurl the knife . charly , dive , roll -- scoops up the gun and scream as she flesh sizzle and it spurt three time and blow he down . do not stop . rip the automatic rifle from he shoulder . rummages in he coat -- cube of C - 4 . even better . cast about , search the smoke ... no sign of she daughter . ext . wood - nighttime caitlin dart in and out of the tree . frightened . in the background , man rush back and forth . the motel burn merrily . then , above the shout , a rumbling noise , she dart a look -- as the tanker come trundle out of the garage . Pov caitlin : attach to the rear of the truck bed , a bright yellow utility BOX , roughly three by three . as the driver idle , wait for the road to clear -- caitlin break cover . run and climb inside the box , and meanwhile back with charly - same time her mother . crouched behind timothy 's red jaguar . scan through the rifle 's starlight scope . sweating . intense . we see the landscape , cast in ghostly GREEN . charly where would you go , baby ... show mommy ... * there *. bingo . charly watch through the scope as a tiny GREEN caitlin climb into the box and shut the lid . unfortunately , a nearby blue-suit have witnessed this . he look around , stabbing a finger at the box : nosy blue -suit hey . hey , you see that ? a little kid -- a bullet slam he backward in a cut-string sprawl . with charly she lower the rifle . nod grimly : charly smart girl , honey . stay still . do not make a sound . snug as a bug in a rug ... meanwhile , elsewhere on the ground henessey , on the move . crouched low . choke on woodsmoke , eye stream . up ahead , a splay corpse -- he hunker over the poor schmuck , guy 's good for a radio . snatch up the portable unit . fumble with the dial , search for 26.9 megahertz ... ext . cliffside - high above motel - same time charly slew to a stop in the red jag. leap out . dart along the cliff , throw herself flat . peer down at the grounds , sniper rifle position -- babysit the tanker . hear henessey ... Calling to she on the radio . henessey ( v.o. ) charly , you there ? hello , charly . grab the unit from she belt : charly Mitch ! I do not believe it . listen , if you say , " be we have fun yet " I will rip you nut off . where be you ? henessey behind the big garage . be caitlin with you ? charly no , but she 's safe for the moment , she stow away on the tanker truck . henessey draw a sharp breath . swallow , say : henessey charly , timothy rig the tanker to go off early . we get fifteen minute . no more . on she reaction we CUT to : ext . mountain roadside - with tanker and en tourage beside the tanker , a panel truck sit , engine idling . phony logo on its side -- * Little Debbie * snack cake . a ramp be lower , and a car begin back up into the truckbed , face outward . inside the truckbed , harry blue-suit hurriedly unwrap the frost - cover corpse of imn al rahman -- and place he behind the wheel . meanwhile , at the back of the tanker a blue-suit put a padlock on the utility box as he pass . snap it shut . back with henessey - same time he hear two flat crack -!s on the still air . henessey hello ...! charly ...? even over the receiver , she desperation 's apparent : charly tire will not pop , Mitch . bastard just lock she in , she 's stick in there and they be leave , * goddammit * ! henessey rub he eye . take several deep breath , mind turn it over . he look up . tire . haunted . henessey all right , I will go in and get she , you watch my back . charly no chance . I make it twelve , Mitch , automatic weapon . henessey so kill them for I , bitch , Christ , what be you good for ? he stuff a fresh clip in the gun . wipe away sweat . henessey ( to himself ) c'mon , buddy . do one thing right , just this once ... please ... close he eye . gather himself . Long pause ... henessey piece of cake . he leap from the roof and make a death run . gun in one hand , radio in the other . swerve and dodging like a break - field runner , charly in he ear scream : charly ( v.o . ) * you nine , on you nine *! he spin , blast away , dead guy , pitching forward -- smoke , billow , make he cough ... charly ( v.o. ) * 30 degree leave , Mitch . Left *. ( beat ) * you other leave *. stumble , catch himself . barrel forward . charly ( v.o . ) * nix , nix , I can not see in there , do not do it , break right ...*! he break right . charly ( v.o . ) * fuck I , I be wrong , get outta threre *! he stagger out of the smoke : two men , mp - 5 machine gun . train on he chest . he struggle to aim , oh , shit -- two distant crack . the bad man go away , catapult backwards . henessey shout into the radio : henessey gracias . charly ( v.o . ) * De nada *. up above , on the hill charly fire shot after shot . every time she squeeze the trigger , someone die . no such thing as wounded , we be talk St. Peter look up from a magazine and say holy shit , it 's the lunch rush at kate mantilini 's . back down below the smoke clear and Mitch see the tanker . right there , thirty yard away . yellow utility BOX . no one in the way . charly ( v.o . ) * end run , Mitch , go wide *! he break for the truck . charly ( v.o . ) * no , goddamn you , they get you flanke ...*! everybody fire a gun . mitch get hit take one high in the chest , spin he ...! up on the hill charly sprays on full auto , dice to tatters the combat zone , extinguish the gunman , too little too late because mitch be in deep bam --! bullet take out he right arm , fuck * you* , buddy , do not miss a beat , simply toss the gun over to the other hand and keep shoot , blow that fucker down and now he 's staggering into the tree , and collapse , and hit ... and lie very still and bleed . as echoes of gunfire die slowly , we hear : henessey ( v.o. ) dear ma : I be look at the ant , they be pretty great . some really funny ant here , ma . all this funny ant , think I will stay and watch them awhile ... up on the hill aftermath ... charly 's out of ammo . fling aside the rifle , snarling in a helpless rage -- something else , then . SOUND , nearby . Building in pitch , reach a crescendo -- a scream chopper rise behind her . crest the cliff and hover like the sword of damocles . int . chopper - same time marksman , riding shotgun . scan the cliff below : thick evergreen . charly , somewhere among they . he sight down he rifle , take careful aim -- blows out tire on the jaguar . cripples it . the chopper bank , head away . back with charly - same time in big trouble . many headlight , bounce uphill toward she . cut off , they have cut she off -- the other direction be not much better : a 200 foot drop . straight down . Evergreen tree , far below . power line . highway . she hear the phone ringing , then ... inside the jag. cross slowly . reaches in , lift the receiver . it 's timothy . timothy ( v.o. ) I try to give you a pretty death , baby . do my best . now you be fuck , now it 's ground beef time . charly the truck . how long till it blow ? timothy ( incredulous ) sweet Loretta , you be another animal entirely . let 's see , 312 degree ... make it ten minute , give or take . charly then I better hurry . timothy oh , spare I . you make a big noise and buy five more minute on the planet . give up . die . I will spit in what 's leave of you face . he click off . charly drop the receiver . turn , look behind : they be come for she . Woods fill with headlight . backlit figure . ducking in and out of the tree , get closer ... the wind blow . bitter cold out here in the dark night of the soul . nothing leave . no hope . no reason . caitlin , dead . the rage explode in the form of a kick which shatter the lock on the trunk . * dammit* , she need a fuck miracle . at that moment , the trunk lid slowly rise , creaking ... revealing all of timothy 's bunjee jumping equipment . ext . mountain road - same time the tanker be roll . out onto the road , snort and belching . preceded by the Little Debbie panel truck . int . utility BOX - on tanker - same time poor little caitlin huddle in the dark . all alone . roaring in she ear . sort of like be underwater . ext . tanker truck - close on underbelly a silver device attach to the skin of the tank . with timothy - crossing the smoke -filled ground he consult a tiny , liquid crystal display on he watch . Red numeral . * 178 degree * . ext . cliff edge - with charly she will not quit . busy now , deftly stick the wad of c-4 explosive to the bottom of the jaguar . straighten . turn around -- stands dead calm as they all come out of the tree , gun draw ... raise she hand , see , boy ...? no bang -bang . like backlit monster , they approach , hulk . matter of yard , now ... she flash a naughty little smile -- go backward off the cliff and rocket earthward . 200 foot of open air , the bunjee cord pay out , fast ...! whipsaw out the door of the jaguar , hook by carabiner to the steering column and meanwhile the chapter agent rush forward , incredulous . peer over the edge : below they , a swan diver , blackness all around . she drop like a stone . vanish into the fog , beautiful as a poem . inside the jaguar : the cord go taut -- now it start to stretch outward . deceleration kick in , charly can feel it , still whistling through space ... Hit a dead stop . this be it . cord , stretch as far as it go . she 's still sixty foot above the highway . no hesitation whatsoever . she thumb the detonator in she right fist -- blow the car . up above - cliff edge the jaguar go up with a solid crump --! blown off the edge of the cliff . along with a half dozen scream agent . back with charly - falling lifeline cut . 60 foot above the road , no problem . she do thirty foot in freefall . raise she leave hand -- slap a carabiner on a pass power line . hurtles downward until suddenly , ka- chuk --! she lurch to a stop . do not miss a beat : grip a rope and glide the last thirty foot , touch down lightly . unhook herself , turn as a oncoming car throw a fishtail skid , just miss she . Driver swear . she raise she gun . fire without blink . put a hole in the passenger side windshield and the driver be not stick around , he 's out the door and go as charly the exterminator cross to the car , face a stone mask . behind she the flaming jaguar smashes to the ground , raining fragment -- follow by burning corpse , smack the pavement one after another . she do not even look . get behind the wheel . leave most of she tire on the road behind she . ext . MAIN STREET - town of santa claus - christmas eve milling crowd . Music and laughter . santa head up a teeming parade down Main Street , atop a horse - draw sleigh ... replay of the film 's open , as ext . STREET - same time the gleam tanker roar down a sidestreet . Riding point : the innocuous panel truck . the temperature gauge continue to rise : * 203 degree *. ext . MAIN STREET - edge of town - same time charly run a roadblock , do fifty -- someone put a parade in front of she . Hit the brake ...! fishtale into a mailbox . send it fly through a plate glass window . out of the car , gun hold low , and meanwhile -- int . car - drive timothy bark order into a mic : timothy all unit converge . divert local law , this be a government matter . Brook no interference , I want the Baltimore woman eliminate . * where 's the fuck chopper * ? Racing toward the edge of town and meanwhile on the parade route santa claus himself perches atop he sleigh , feel like a rock star and wishing he groupy be legal ... when suddenly he 's get company . charly I be the missus . drive . the rogue colonel fire a shot in the air -- the horse bolt . plung off the parade route amid scream as int . plush limo - same time mr. perkin hunker forward , face slack , as a tinny voice issue from he headset mic : voice ( o.s. ) ...yes , she 's with Santa Claus , correct , er , excuse I , the individual * play * Santa , er ... they be pursue the tanker truck , sir . Perkins stare straight ahead , speechless . ext . highway - heading out of town side by side with the tanker . horse at full gallop , hoof in pound frenzy . charly try to jump from one to the other -- no go , the tanker pull away , widen the distance , and meanwhile two government sedan come whipping out of alley , fall in behind they . crack --! gunshot , shatter the stillness . ext . truck chassis - same time a ricochet whine off a hydraulic cable . spurt of fluid as the brake start to go , and meanwhile back on the sleigh charly throw herself flat next to Santa . charly sorry , man . government agent , high level conspiracy . santa fuckin ' government . the sedan jockey for position , try to pull abreast -- charly swerve the sleigh back and forth , will not let they through . she hand the reign to Santa . charly veer leave . santa away from the truck ? charly do it . in five second I be gonna own that fuck truck . Santa comply . peel off to the leave -- open a twelve foot chasm between sleigh and tanker . sure enough , one of the government car spurt forward to fill the gap , come abreast of they . it 's what she want . * five second *: charly Baltimore leap from the sleigh , land atop the government car . skip lightly across it , casually blows two shot through the roof . down through the metal . drill into they head . Driver and passenger , kill instantly -- as charly hop nimbly from she 50 mile - an- hour stepping stone . over to the tanker . dump -stuff a new clip , as the corpse car fade from the race , driverless . whipping out of control . fishtail away behind they -- take out the second chase car , spray of metal . Three second , and charly 's take out two pursuer . int . cab of tanker truck - same time the door file open and the driver see charly . bloody . demonic . wisely leap out , bounce from view -- charly snag he hat as he go by , plop it on she head . swing up into the driver ' seat , double - clutches -- pour on the steam . five second . she own the tanker . blast forward into the lead panel truck . slam the truck from behind , bulldoze it -- send it thundering into a park bench . Glass spray . she own the road . on the seat beside she : a mp - 5 machine gun . she 's set . throw a ninety degree turn onto a sidestreet . donate most of she tire to New York . int . speed tanker truck - santa claus - night charly 's on fire . sense heighten . eye tick back and forth like a machine . head downhill , out of town ... charly hang on , catey . she hit the brake . a flash of SPARKS ..! a rip whine , die away -- the brake pedal be all play . nothing . she 's in a runaway truck . charly * no , not fair , not fuck fair ...*! barrel onward . a lung behemoth . charly can not stop , catey , can not ... chain - link fence , at road 's end . Beyond it , a quarter - mile plunge . downhill over rocky terrain -- to St. peter' seminary . loom stone structure . close now . vast empty parking lot . tear on she cheek . light a cigarette . take a long drag , exhales : charly suck my dick , every one of you bastard ... blow through the chain -link fence . shudder and leap downhill . mud blow skyward . tree , blast to splinter . caitlin buffete inside the utility BOX . cries out as in the cab charly fight to contain the beast . " fuck you , " slyly retort the beast . she bounce and carom off the side like a mad pinball -- the truck smashes down and all the window blow out concussively and the front tire go with a volcano crack -! as the beast go canting to one side , ponderous , massive ... it keel over on its side . still do fifty . traverse the parking lot . slow itself by taking out light pole , shear they off like sapling . whacks the side of the chapel . impact . keeps go ... charly be ejected from the cab . pinwheel through space like a break doll , burst through a stained glass window . int . chapel the glass rupture as she catapult through . Hit on she stomach , bounce . slide to a stop , roll over -- fling herself aside just in time , as a tower ST . peter smashes to earth a inch from she head , shower marble ...! concussion die away . silence . echoes . ext . seminary ground - same time the tanker slide , detonating planter one by one ... come to rest in a central courtyard . lies there , a hiss dinosaur . timothy's temperature gauge be still affix to the truck 's underbelly : * 280 degree * . int . chapel - with charly charly , semi-conscious . roll onto she back , gasp . stare at the gather saint . swallow hard . suck it up , prepare . roll to one knee , plant she foot ... she 's get to make that truck . on she foot now . stumble forward . one arm hugging she gut . Cross -ey , so hard to focus ... leave foot , right foot , get it do , bitch , yes it 's * suppose * to hurt that much , fling open the door and she 's so brave that for a second we think she might make it . timothy kick she in the head . charly fly back . Hit and slide . fetches up against a bannister , wham --! timothy calmly shut the door behind he . consult he tiny gauge -- * 297 degree * . timothy call it four minute to detonation . I get a chopper on the way , lot of time . he shed he coat . stow he gun . remove a switchblade . drape the coat on the bannister . flick open the knife . charly oh , honey . only four inch ...? timothy you will feel I . he approach , almost casually . charly stagger erect . adopt a kill stance . instinct . she can barely stand . int . perkin ' limousine - same time perkin hear a garble , pain voice over he headset : voice ( o.s. ) Point team leader , report ... she 's ... incapacitate the truck ... I be damage , sir , I believe I be die ... instruction ...? perkin continue die . out . he lean back . stare sightlessly . loosen he tie , hit the intercom and say : perkin Anthony , get I the President ... he take out a bottle of scotch . CUT to : int . chapel - same time charly and timothy . they circle , two pro . timothy you have lose a step , Chuck . muscle never recover from c-section , I will bet . be I right ? never watch the eye , the eye be liar , they watch the hand ... the gather saint look on , neutral . charly please , man ... she 's only ... eight ... she 's a beautiful little girl ... his concentration never falter as he say : timothy she 's a worthless bitch . I know it ' cause she come out of I . he lunge with the knife , she spin away -- he get hold of one arm and fling she , up and over ...! she sail through space . twist in mid-air . land like a cat . almost . stagger forward . they circle ... timothy it 's call shock , charly ... you body want to go into shock ... charly fuck you , you breathe 's lousy ... charly launch herself . avoid a stab at she throat , eat that for breakfast , spin , slam the knuckle of she right hand into timothy 's rib . bust one . he snarl , trap she wrist : crack ! wrist , break . she hiss in pain , fall back gasping . circle again . charly can not walk a straight line . timothy look at you . you be out of you motherfuck league , dearie . close on charly she look up at he from sink eye shot through with red , and in that eye we glimpse it ; the demon , laugh ... as charly whisper : charly ... you want a piece ...? take my shoulder . he lunge with the knife ...! she duck , trip on purpose and hand he her shoulder , all that 's miss be the plate -- and wham . in go the knife , cut deep and charly look he in the eye and grins because sure enough , there 's the bastard 's knee , wide open ... boot-strike , bam --! shear the knee , and timothy howl in agony . stumble backward into the bannister -- grab he coat . bring out the gun , it goe off --! charly dive for cover . rip the knife from she own shoulder and fling it . take he in the shoulder . topples he back . bannister . up and over , flail ...! drop from sight . charly fall back . pause . suck air . sit down hard . leg splay . look down at herself , oh , God ... there 's a hole in she chest . ext . seminary - nighttime the door burst open and here she come . trauma , severe . shock , blood loss -- she make for the tanker . for she kid . hitches . stagger . go on sheer gut . the helicopter roar overhead the pilot brandish he radio mic : pilot get she . head for the tanker , thirty yard out . she 's all over the place , something 's wrong with she . with charly Left foot , right foot , she 's not run , she 's fall in a straight line -- reaches the tanker . stagger against the invert chassis . utility BOX . above she . charly * cover you ear *. she raise she gun . fires. bam -! lock spring to piece . caitlin tumble to the pavement , daze and confuse . cast about -- caitlin mommy ...! she spring to she foot . come run and fling both arm around she mother . hug her -- that one put charly out for a few second . pain , excruciate . come to she sense , sway like a clothesline in a high wind ... charly run ... get out ... caitlin do not go away again , please ...! charly grab caitlin 's head . turn it . facing the temperature gauge . Red numeral : *301 degree *. charly the truck 's a bomb ... gonna blow up , run ... I be right behind you , go ... caitlin hover , tear . charly summon a gutteral croak : charly ...* go and do not look back *... in the end , caitlin relent . run , toward the surround wood ... charly watch she go . nod , satisfied -- collapse . Hit the tarmac and splay in a heap . breath wheeze in and out . already the pavement be stain red . with caitlin as , within ten second of the command , she promptly disobeys she mother , look back -- stop dead . there 's a corpse underneath the truck . it be not move . it be not breathe . it be not laugh or cry ... or hurt , not anymore . caitlin * mommy , no ...*! bomb forget . danger forget . her tiny arm pump , foot slapping pavement -- she return to she mother . grab one knife- bloody shoulder , oblivious of the wound . jerk back and forth . frenzied . caitlin it 's okay . I be sorry I leave , please wake up , come on please ... charly . cheek against the pavement . one lifeless eye stare . bloodshot and sightless . another angle government vehicle , pull up now . at the edge of the parking lot . 100 yard away , give or take . numerous sedan . the Little Debbie panel truck . agent crouch behind car . weapon train on the wounded behemoth . ext . seminary - same time the side door burst outward and a limping figure emerge , frantically signal for the chopper : timothy be get murder in he eye . the chopper bank , come in low as he haul himself aboard . pilot Sir , you shoulder -- timothy fuck the shoulder , knee 's worse . just bring I around and hold she steady . I be not leave until I know the bitch be dead . he grab a automatic rifle . back with caitlin - underneath the tanker she adhere to charly 's motionless form . look small and terrify . whisper in she mother 's ear . Soft and low : caitlin mommy , get up now . you just stop it , mommy , you stop be a little baby . stop it , you be not dead , I know you be not dead so you get up now . face contort , she strike out . flail . hit charly . caitlin * do not you die* , you get up now , goddammit ...! life be pain , you just get use to it , and stand up * right this minute * , mommy . life be pain , do it , you bitch . * do it *. tear coursing in rivulet . Little fist clench . then -- it might be a trick of the wind . tiny aspiration , not enough breath to fog a mirror ... charly ...mommy ... here ... a solitary tear appear in the wide - open stare eye . one fingernail , then . scratch feebly . toe , shifting . seek purchase . a hand , plant itself ... teeth bare , a rictus of pain ... rising up ... * stand * . full height now , flex one deadly arm . she hug she daughter and say : charly ... you be ground ... overhead , the howling of rotor blade . charly gasp for breath . crack open the gun ... no bullet . swell . scan the pavement ... there . the mp - 5 machine gun lie twenty foot from she . twenty mile , same difference . across the pavement , even farther away : timothy 's car . * 305 degree * . charly swallow hard : charly I be gonna get the gun , you run for that car . we go on three , okay ? one ... two ... * Three *. they break cover . into the open . a withering FIRE erupt . right at they foot ...! geyser of asphalt , shot skyward -- timothy spray the blacktop from above . ruthless . charly go insane . lurch , craze , to the cab of the truck . thumb the mike and say : charly somebody get that motherfucker off I ! I get a kid here , I get my eight year - old daughter , * Jesus Christ * ...! it 's Christmas Eve , who be you * people* , fuck pull he off ! do you hear I ...? CUT to : eye SNAP OPEN in darkness . we do not know whose they be . we do not know where we be . back with charly - same time the temperature gauge : *308 degree * . she clutches caitlin . shout into the mic : charly distract he , for God 's sake give I ten second , please , I be begging somebody , anybody , * she 's my daughter *...! ext . edge of parking lot a sour-look chapter agent stand before a row of car and the Little Debbie panel truck . expressionless beaurocrat . lift the mic to he lip and say : chapter beaurocrat negative , mar 'am , we understand you request , but we have decide to go ahead and let this play out ... behind he , the back of the panel truck explode . a car catapult outward into space -- smashes down atop two sedan . blow out they windshield . fling itself to the pavement and ricochet forward , zero to sixty . mitch henessey at the wheel . make a suicide run . face a fright mask of deadly purpose . we have no idea why someone who look like he be alive . int . helicopter - same time * distraction * , just enough : the pilot bank toward the car . timothy where be * you * go ?? timothy grab the stick -- that's when charly break cover . do a mad stagger across the blacktop . go for the gun . timothy change direction . chopper again , scream in low and fast -- charly dive , roll -- come up with the machine gun and fall flat on she back , point it skyward : charly suck on it . she fire . blow the chopper 's tail rotor . the craft pitch to the side -- dump timothy out the door . flail . head over heel , he fall -- land atop the tanker , right on the silver tank and * burn * . actually sizzle at 310 degree Celsius , steam pour off he like a vampire in daylight , shrieking --! charly die scream , motherfucker . she watch as he slip from sight ... off the tanker . siren now , approach . wind , bite cold . Ground black and bloody in the moonlight ... here come henessey , power across the lot , pedal to the metal . follow at a distance of fifty yard by half a dozen squawling government vehicle , flasher turn . henessey stomp the brake . slews to a stop , tire cooking ...! kick open the passenger door as charly collapse into the car , caitlin in she arm . the kid say : caitlin hurry ! the truck be a bomb ! henessey yeah , yeah . what else , we get a fuck lightning rod on the roof ...? no , caitlin , * do not check *. he peel out . charly hey ... you be bleed ... henessey I think that 's yours ... charly right , sorry ... he inadvertently smack a light pole . SPARKS fly . caitlin * you be a bad driver ! who say you could drive *? ext . parking lot - beside the tanker - same time they have to drag timothy inside the car . the engine roar as it leap forward , trail the other five -- scar and hideous , he stare after charly , scream : timothy * somebody do she , somebody kill that fuck whore , kill she *! that 's when the helicopter crash . the pilot do everything but flap he arm -- forget it . it keel over . rotor touch pavement -- blow to piece . they all go . snapped off . blown like rocket in every direction . timothy look up as a rotor blade whistle right through the windshield of he car . shear off he head . blow out the back in a shower of glass and hurtle onward , spinning out of control ... strike the tanker . boom . imagine God in monte Carlo . toss dice the length of a crap table . now , imagine the dice be burning car . ext . edge of parking lot - same time henessey fly out of the parking lot and into the wood as the firestorm rage to heaven behind he . Cars , head he way -- airborne . fights the wheel , swerving through the wood as all around he , flaming car crash down . bouncing into and out of the tree , peekaboo ... some go fly past overhead . strike in front like meteor , gouging the earth . caitlin scream : caitlin do not hit the car ! henessey favor she with a foul look . charly look up and see angel fly overhead , trail concrete ... then they be out of the wood . car slingshot onto the highway and race forward , safe . behind it , the sky be aglow , snowing fiery trace ... bit of earth , tree , pavement . overhead view : as they roar out of town , we see burn wood and a crater approximately 150 yard in diameter -- St. Peter 's seminary no longer exist ... CUT to : ext . roadside - outside of town - nighttime henessey coast to the side of the road and stop . he lay he head on the steering wheel , suck air . look at charly : henessey sorry , can not drive ... be you okay ...? charly ( grimace ) ... be you ... stupid ...? henessey ... funny thing ...? you be not go to die ... I be ... charly offer he that soft , sad little smile . charly I know . henessey start to fade ... breathe labor ... reaches up ... stroke caitlin 's hair . smile at she : henessey hey , gorgeous ... know something ... you get you mother 's eye ... do not let ... nobody tell you different ... slump back in the seat . gazing at charly . a single tear run from one bloodshot eye . he whisper : henessey scare ... to be nobody ... without a ripple ... please ... remember I ... ( beat ) ... Love you ... die . charly lean on the dash . cries for awhile . for herself ... for henessey ... for this godawful planet , and everything else . dissolve to : int . farmhouse - same time a mother sit in the glow of a winnie the pooh nightlight . next to she sleep daughter 's bed -- back to the very beginning of the film , it 's be a long kiss goodnight . a elderly farmer poke he head in . she do not look up . doctor um , ma'am ...? ambulance be here . they will be right in . the shadowy figure nod ... remains seat . stays awhile in the dark . keeping vigil . snow slither against the glass . slow dissolve to : ext . palatial georgetown estate - early morning mr. perkin emerge from a guest cottage , flanke by he aide Harry . aide ... they will push for dismantlement of we apparatus in chile , but we have get a degree of plausible deniability ... Harry 's foot come down on a circular slab of stone -- and a voice from the grave say : voice ( o.s. ) stay very still . stop he in he track , stop he dead -- as charly baltimore step from the nearby tree . stands , twenty yard downrange . beretta levele at both of they . two month , you barely notice the limp . she stand there in sleeveless top and short skirt and look like a million . thumb a metal box , click -! a red arming light blink on . charly good morning , I be charly . the slab you be stand on be actually a land mine . keep you foot on the pressure plate , nothing happen . step off the stone , we will all be wear you . perkin step forward . the gun shift . target he . perkin charly , I know we have treat you poorly , please , it be just business -- she reach in a pocket . toss he a cellular phone -- he catch it as though it be a live snake . charly my term be this . call State and order full disclosure on you personal correspondence . then disband chapter , effective immediately . in exchange ...? I will not shoot you , and I will not make you stand on that mine . I will not touch you . I will not touch you . I promise . perkin you ... you promise . he swallow hard . look to he aide ... back to she ... dial . charly take a deep breath . scan the flower , face placid . it 's really quite lovely today . maybe she will start a garden . Perkins click off . look at charly : perkin it 's do . now , you promise ... you will not shoot I ... will not make I get on the mine ...? charly I promise . she smile . shift she aim and shoot the other guy . Perkins ' eye widen in sudden realization . he lunge forward , grab the aide , hold he up ... desperately prop he dead weight atop the land mine ... perkin goddamn you , I can not hold he ... you bitch ... you fucking bitch ...! ext . georgetown avenue - daytime henessey 's chrysler convertible have be restore to a cherry red . it purr along the boulevard , charly at the wheel . Hair blow . she talk on the cellular phone : charly yes , Mr. President , you have my assurance that Perkins ' latest operation have be render beyond salvage . behind she a gout of earth blow skyward . shower the road a way back . charly he 's not in the great shape either . intercut - president of the UNITED states he speak from the oval office , face grave : president I owe you a astounding debt of thanks , Colonel . would it be impertinent to ask if you would consider work for State again ? the money involved would be substantial . charly out of the question . I have get a stack of papers to grade . listen , before I go , I need a small favor ... ext . suburban home - akron , ohio - day henessey 's ex - wife stand in the open doorway , flanke by she son todd . two uniform cop speak solemnly : uniform cop # 1 ... as I say , we can only apologize for the system , ma'am , but it 's confirm that you husband be innocent of the crime for which he be imprison . this be a photograph of the actual criminal ... he show she a mug shot of timothy . uniform cop # 1 a petty thief , now decease . I will respect you wish should you choose to file charge against the State Attorney ... in the eye of a young boy , henessey find redemption . ext . house - edge of wheatfield - twilight Sun , pass into mystery . wheatfield , rippling . caitlin be in the yard , chase a big floppy - ear labrador . on the porch , a cricket chirp . hal come out , sit beside he wife charly as she finish eat . say softly : hal just talk to Dr. Sullivan , she 's gonna need the full brace . even with you teach , insurance will not cover it ... I do not know what to do . pause . charly say nothing . the dog parade up to caitlin with a stick in its jaw . a farm truck go by , a faraway speck . charly absent - mindedly roll a steak knife in she finger . eye far away . it never occur to she what she 's do until the chirp stop . ten foot away , the knife quiver . fade out . roll end credit . the end