the men who stare at goat written by Peter straughan &amp ; jon ronson 10/21/08 1 black 1 supere title read : more of this be true than you would believe . fade in : 2 ... close on a man' face ... 2 he be staring at we with fix concentration . he be sweat slightly in the summer heat . we hold for a moment . silence , apart from the soft swish of a unseen ceiling fan . wide shot - the man , wear military uniform , sit at he desk in he office , still stare straight ahead . supere title appear , read : General putkin , United States Army Intelligence sed . Arlington , Virginia . 1983 . the General 's assistant , lieutenant boone , sit at he desk , work . after a moment putkin seem to come to a decision . general putkin ( solemnly ) boone ? lieutenant boone yes General ? general putkin I be go into the next office . lieutenant boone yes sir . the General stand up , smooth down he uniform , step out from behind he desk and begin to walk . boone watch , with some trepidation , as the General increase he pace . he quicken to a jog , he face set with determination . he break into a run ... then he slam into the wall of the office , rebound and lie splay on the floor . he stare up at the wall balefully . general putkin damn it ! 2 . 3 ext . fort bragg - day 3 General putkin be be drive in a jeep through the vast military base . he have a band - aid over he injure nose . supere title read : special force Command Centre , Fort bragg , North Carolina . general putkin ( o.s. ) I have be have idea , gentleman . challenge idea . and when I think about this idea I think about who in the U.S Army would be most receptive to my challenging idea . the Jeep pull up at the special force command centre . the General get out , a brief case in he hand and survey the centre . general putkin ( cont 'd ) ( o.s . ) ( cont 'd ) which section of the military be always strain to reach the peak of they physical and mental capability ? 4 int . special force command centre - day 4 General putkin stand in front of a room full of seat special force officer . general putkin you be , gentleman . special force . the assemble officer nod modestly . general putkin ( cont 'd ) I want to talk to you about mind Wars , gentleman . War ... with ... mind ... his audience stare at he . with a flourish he produce a bent fork from he briefcase . general putkin ( cont 'd ) how would you like to be able to do this ? what if you could teach soldier to do this ? would you be interested ? silence . ( continued ) 3. 4 continued : 4 general putkin ( cont 'd ) ( change tack ) or , or let 's say you have a unit operate outside the protection of mainline unit . what happen if someone get hurt ? how do you deal with that ? he survey the blank face . general putkin ( cont 'd ) psychic heal ! protect the unit with hand - off heal . use the mind to heal . silence . putkin sense he be not convincing he audience . general putkin ( cont 'd ) let 's talk about time ! what if time be not a point but a space and at any one instant we can be anywhere in that space ! ( laugh ) physicist go nut when I say that ! silence . he be grow desperate . general putkin ( cont 'd ) animal ! stop the heart of animal ! this be the idea I be come to you with . you have access to animal right ? special force look like they have have enough . a tough look officer - major jim holtz - stir . major holtz no sir . we do not have access to animal . 5 ext . special force command centre - day 5 a deject General putkin climb back into he jeep . Lieutenant boone , in the drive seat , look at he with sympathy . bob ( v.o. ) in 1983 , when special force tell General putkin that they be not interested in he idea ... that be a lie . 6 int . special force command centre - day 6 the bent fork sit on the table in the extreme foreground , a window in the background . ( continued ) 4. 6 continued : 6 bob ( v.o. ) and when they tell he they do not have access to animal ... that be also a lie . we focus on the window - a shaky zoom take we towards a abandon look hospital build half hide by tree . 7 int . abandoned hospital - day 7 we track forward into the shadowy interior into a large space which we now see be full of ... goat . bob ( v.o. ) the hundred goat in the disus hospital building have be secretly fly in from Central America so as to avoid custom . special force be not worried about the General hearing the goat because they would be de - bleat . the goat stare at we , they mouth silently open and close . bob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) this be the story of that goat . we close on the unblink eye of one goat , then ... dissolve to : 8 int . local newspaper office - day 8 Bob sit type at he desk in the modest office . he wear glass , be attractive in a fresh - face , enthusiastic kind of way . supere title read : Ann arbor , Michigan , January 2003 . bob ( v.o. ) my name be Bob wilton . imagine I back in Michigan , where I be bear and raise . I study journalism at western in kalamazoo and then I get a job at the Ann arbor Daily telegram . I write a lot of storey about competitive food eat contest . he look at the photograph of he wife debora on he desk and up to where she stand , photocopy in dave the editor 's office . Dave be chat to she . he have a prosthetic arm . Bob watch he wife , smile . ( continued ) 5 . 8 continued : 8 bob ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ( sadly ) look at I . so young . " the past be a different country . they ... do thing there . " we pan to the next desk and Bob 's over - weight colleague ron , who sit eat a hot-dog . bob ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) this be ron . ron suddenly pitch violently forward , thudding face - first into he desk . bob ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he 's the man who die . 9 int . office - later 9 Bob be clear ron 's desk , put he possession into a box . bob ( v.o. ) my wife , debora , tell I later that ron 's death have be like a wake - up call for she - what people use to call a memento mori . Bob sit down , feel a little ghoulish , at the dead man 's desk . he notice a large indentation on the leather in front of he - the mark leave by ron 's forehead . he touch it , fascinate . bob ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) that massive coronary have remind she that life be too short to waste any chance of true happiness . Bob rest he own forehead , experimentally , onto the indentation , and sit there , face down on the desk . his eye wander over to where Dave and debora be talk in Dave 's office . bob be p.o.v - debora 's hand brush against Dave 's , linger just a fraction too long . Bob frown . bob ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) a week after the funeral she leave I for my editor . 6 . 10 int . bob be house - night 10 Bob and debora and Dave talk . Bob be drink . we jump CUT to Bob cry , smash a lamp , debora shouting at he . bob ( v.o. ) ( a sad chuckle ) it seem like such a tragedy at the time . we could not see beyond we little life to the great event of history unfold out there in the world . jump CUT to Dave hold Bob in a head - lock with he one good arm . debora be sit , head in hand . bob ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I be like a child . or a hobbit , safe in the shire . jump CUT to Bob alone in the trash room , exhaust and drunk , watch Bush 's state of the union speech on tv . bob ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) or a blonde farm boy on a distant , desert planet , unaware that he be already take the first step on the path that will lead he inexorably towards the heart of a conflict between the force of good and evil . president BUSH ( on tv ) Americans be a resolute people , who have rise to every test of we time . adversity have reveal the character of we country , to the world , and to ourselves ... Bob wipe he eye , stare at the screen . bob ( v.o. ) have I know where that path would lead , have a soft wind from my future bring I the name of Bill django , I might never have go . but as it be , I do what so many man have do throughout history when a woman have break they heart ... I go to war . we hear the open of a period song as we ... 7. 11 title 11 as the title and song continue we see U.S tv footage from the Iraq War - a dizzying MTV montage , war make pop - video . Shots include ... " " shock and awe " air attack on Baghdad caravan of U.S troops snake through the desert fighter plane video of a iraqi fighter jet be destroy on the ground oil Wells ablaze pfc jessica Lynch be rescue by special force . mnbc promo - american - flag-drape photomontage with the word " we heart go with you " . Apache helicopter attack and destroy a iraqi tank . tv presenter debate " who be the hottest scud stud ? " Soldiers plant a american flag with iwo jima-like determination american troops pull down a huge statue of Saddam Hussein in central Baghdad . a american flag drape over the head be hastily replace by a iraqi flag . black fade in : 12 int . HOTEL room - day 12 Bob sit on the bed talk to debora on the phone . bob yeah , no it 's be ... well , I will not lie to you debora - it 's be pretty damn hairy . debora ( o.s. ) ( over phone , not as concerned as Bob would like ) yeah . we have be watch it on Fox . ( continued ) 8. 12 continued : 12 bob yeah , it 's not , uh ... I have see thing that you should not , you know ... he shake he head sadly . bob ( cont 'd ) pretty damn hairy . debora ( o.s. ) well I do not even know why you be there . you be not exactly war correspondent material be you ? bob ( stung ) well , I think it 's important people get a accurate picture of what 's ... debora ( o.s. ) ( to someone else ) what ? yeah . bob ( listening ) ... what 's , uh , happen , so ... be that Dave ? debora ( o.s. ) yeah . he say hi . Bob stare out of the window , nodd , afraid he might start to cry . bob oh , that 's , that 's ... he beat he head off the wall for a moment . bob ( cont 'd ) okay . gotta go . we be move out - head up north to cover the fight there ... 13 ext . kuwait CITY - HOTEL - day 13 Bob walk out and put he sunglass on , stare around the quiet pool - side area . he sigh , sit down on a a sunlounger , start to read he book . title read " Kuwait City , Kuwait , spring 2003 . " journalist ( o.s. ) you miss the war ? 9 . 14 int . HOTEL lounge - day 14 Bob be drink coffee with two gung - ho type war correspondent . bob yeah . they laugh . second journalist how ? bob ( embarrassed ) I have be stick here . they have only just give I the green-light . so I will probably head over there soon . I be just work on this story about american contractor come over for the re-build . the journalist look bored . bob ( cont 'd ) yeah , I think they do not want I go over because I be not embed . second journalist yeah , they do not like the unilat . the troops think the unilat will stab `em in the back . when you be embedded you form a bond with the soldier . you be like one of they . first journalist ( to second journalist ) you see action ? second journalist go into Baghdad with Charlie company , second Brigade , third infantry division ... first journalist the thunder run ? Heard you have it pretty bad . second journalist could say that . technical all the way , rpg 's , fucker be fire anti-aircraft gun at we ... ( continued ) 10 . 14 continued : 14 first journalist you know a private first class Zuchero ? second man Zook ? I be stand next to he when he take a hit ... Bob sit ignore , feel inadequate as they continue to swap war storey . 15 ext . HOTEL terrace - night 15 Bob sit drink more coffee . bob ( to waiter ) so what 's a useful phrase ? kuwait waiter La termi , ana sahafi . Bob repeat this . bob what 's that mean ? kuwait waiter do not shoot , I be a reporter . he walk off . Bob sigh , continue doodling in he notebook . we see he have cover the page in stylize drawing of eye . he notice a a man in a baseball cap sit at the next table . bob ( shyly ) hey . man ( without look up ) hey . Bob read the logo on the baseball cap . bob dewitt resource . Arkansas . man ( beat ) right . we make trash can . bob you over here for the conference ? look for a contract right ? ( continued ) 11 . 15 continued : 15 man I guess . bob what 's you pitch ? the man consider this . he look up and we see he face for the first time - handsome , older than Bob , tan , a moustache , a slightly haunt expression . this be lyn cassady . man well ... we be real cheap . Bob wait for more , but that 's it . he hold out he hand . bob Bob wilton . lyn cassady ( shaking ) skip . bob could I bum a smoke , skip ? lyn shove the packet across the table . Bob sit down across from he , pat himself down for a lighter , glance over to where the two embed journalist be joke with some Marines . Bob watch they jealously . bob ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I sit there watch that reporter and realize I do not want to be I anymore . I want to be they . I want to face peril and stand witness to the fall and rise of nation . suddenly the terrace light above they flicker and go out . lyn and Bob sit in the dark . bob ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) everyone get everything he want . like the man say . I want a mission . bob ( cont 'd ) ( patting he pocket in the dark ) oh crap , can not find my ... a lighter ignites in lyn 's hand , eerily lighting the lower half of he face , he eye hide by the brim of the cap . Bob lean forward to light he cigarette and find himself stare at the conference i.d lyn have pin to he shirt . the name on the badge read lyn S . cassady . ( continued ) 12 . 15 continued : ( 2 ) 15 bob ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and for my sin , fate bring I one . he stare at the name as he puff on the cigarette , vaguely troubled by a memory . bob ( cont 'd ) ( suddenly ) lyn cassady ...? dissolve to : 16 ext . gus lacey' house - michigan - day - the past 16 Bob pull up in a car outside . supere title read : Monroe , Michigan , 1997 gus lacey ( o.s. ) this be the home learn course we be put out , which be very popular . 17 int . gus lacey' house - day 17 Bob be interview Gus lacey at lacey 's dining room table . Gus have a sun - bed tan and odd hair . his nervous look mother sit beside they . Gus be hold up a video case for Bob to see - the cover , illustrate with a picture of Gus , read " free to roam - learn e.s.p from the master ! " gus lacey then there 's the seminar . when I be not teach I spend a lotta time , right here , remote view . bob right here ? gus lacey the kitchen table . that be correct . that 's where my body be . but my mind ... that 's , you know ... he gesture to the horizon . bob wandering ? gus lacey wandering . roaming . yeah . bob so what have you see lately ? ( continued ) 13 . 17 continued : 17 gus lacey lately I have be watch the Loch ness monster in Scotland , England - which it turn out be the ghost of a dinosaur . that 's a exclusive for you . bob okay . wow. e.c.u of Bob 's notebook - on which he have write you be crazy . bob ( cont 'd ) so ... when do this all start for you Gus ? gus lacey it start when I be a kid . I use to lie on my bed and rv my cousin , irene , undress at night . then , when I be in the army I join Bill django 's unit . he train I and the rest , as they say ... bob right . I do not know who that be . Gus give a dreamy smile . gus lacey I can not really talk about Bill . bob so what do you do in the army ? gus lacey we be psychic spy mainly . that be we initial tasking but ... once they realize what they be sit on , the force at work ... he stop , he face darken . gus lacey ( cont 'd ) we be train to kill animal . bob ( beat ) you mean , what ... with you ...? gus lacey with we mind . that be correct . just by stare at they . ( continued ) 14 . 17 continued : ( 2 ) 17 bob ( beat ) huh . what kind of animal ? gus lacey one of we unit stop the heart of a goat . bob wow . ( beat ) I do not know what to say . gus lacey the power they unlock in we ... ( beat , sorrowfully ) last week I kill my hamster . ( beat ) you wanna see ? 18 back office - later 18 tv screen - play a home video of two hamster in a cage . Bob and Gus sit watch the tv . Gus ' mother hover in the background . gus lacey you ever see a hamster do that before ? bob well , I have never own a hamster Gus , so I do not know what ... gus lacey look at the way it 's glaring at its wheel . usually that hamster love its wheel . bob maybe some of the reader have hamster so ... gus lacey good . then they will know how rare that be . bob yeah , I guess any hamster - own reader will know what 's aberrant behavior and , uh , what 's ... oh , shit , he 's down ! on tv one of the hamster have fall over . ( continued ) 15 . 18 continued : 18 gus lacey yeah , he 's down . at this point I would be stare at he for about three hour . the other hamster fall over . bob oh my God ! you have drop both hamster ! gus lacey no , the other one 's just fall over . they watch in silence . then the hamster get up and start eat . gus lacey ( cont 'd ) ( switch off the tv ) bizarre . right ? bob well ... it do not die . I think you say you kill it ? gus lacey ( sheepish ) yeah well ... ( he gesture to he mother ) mother say no . she say you might be a bleed - heart liberal . she say " do not show he the hamster die . show he the tape where the hamster act bizarre instead . " Bob look to Gus ' mother who manage to look nervous and defiant at the same time . Gus stare at the blank tv , sip he coffee . gus lacey ( cont 'd ) this be nothing . you should have see the skipper at work . bob who 's the skipper ? gus lacey lyn cassady . after Bill he be the most psi-gift guy I ever meet . he be like a occultic force . ( beat ) I think he run a dance studio now . ( continued ) 16 . 18 continued : ( 2 ) 18 bob' notebook - as he write down the name lyn cassady ... dissolve to : 19 ext . HOTEL terrace - the present - as before 19 on lyn' name tag Bob straighten from lighting he cigarette , stare at lyn . bob do you ... do you know a Gus lacey ? beat . lyn get up and walk away . bob ( cont 'd ) lyn ? ( beat ) skip ? ( beat ) lyn ? 20 int . HOTEL corridor - moment later 20 Bob hurry to catch up with lyn . he follow he around a corner and skid to a halt . lyn be face he , stand on one leg , hand raise above he head in a odd martial art stance . he emit a threaten croon . Bob raise he hand nervously . bob whoa ! lyn cassady you work for hooper ? bob hooper ? no . I work for the Ann arbor Daily telegram . lyn cassady how do you know about lacey ? bob I interview he a few year ago . he would be appear on this radio talk show . lyn relax he martial art stance , shake he head ruefully . lyn cassady Little prick ... what would he tell you ? bob he say he join Bill django 's unit in the army and be train to , to , uh remote view ? ( more ) ( continued ) 17 . 20 continued : 20 bob ( cont 'd ) and he say the Loch ness monster be the ghost of a dinosaur . who 's Bill django ? lyn cassady ( shaking he head in disgust ) do he show you he " Home Study course " ? bob yes . lyn cassady ( walk off down the corridor ) yeah I bet he do . bob ( hurry after he ) be you ...? do you mean you corroborate he , uh ...? because , see , I think he be just a idiot ? lyn cassady ( ruefully ) he be a idiot ... or he be ... he 's dead now . he be a paranormal whore . always try to get into the spotlight , yak , yak yaking . we take a oath . we do not divulge ... bob but you be say there be a secret unit ? lyn stop , turn and stare at he . lyn cassady we ...do not ... divulge . 21 int . lyn' HOTEL room - later 21 Bob and lyn be talk , pass a bottle of scotch backwards and forward between they . both be drunk . lyn cassady okay . let I ask you something . what color be the chair in the hotel bar ? bob ( beat ) uh ...? ( continued ) 18. 21 continued : 21 lyn cassady you be in there for hour . what color be the chair ? bob um ...brown ? lyn cassady they be green . how many light be there in this room ? Bob start to look around . lyn cassady ( cont 'd ) a Super soldier would not need to look . he would just know . bob a Super soldier ? lyn cassady a jedi warrior . he would know where all the light be . he could walk through a room and tell you how many power outlet there be . people be walk around with they eye close . at level one we be train to instantly absorb all detail . bob ( beat ) what 's a jedi warrior ? lyn cassady you be look at one . bob you be a jedi warrior ? lyn cassady that 's correct . bob what do that ...? I do not think I ... lyn cassady ( patiently ) I be sergeant first class lyn cassady , special force , retire . in the eighty I be train at Fort bragg in a secret initiative code - name Project jedi . the objective of the project be to create Super Soldiers . ( more ) ( continued ) 19 . 21 continued : ( 2 ) 21 lyn cassady ( cont 'd ) Soldiers with Super power . we be the first generation of the New Earth Army . bob ( beat ) you have get super power ? lyn cassady that 's correct . bob hold on , let I ... let I just ... he take out he notebook , fumble , try to get into journalist mode . bob ( cont 'd ) okay , so , so you be say you be a psychic spy , like lacey ? lyn cassady we prefer the term remote viewer . bob how do that work ? lyn cassady different jedi have different technique . mel landau use to visualize pack all he care and worry in a little suitcase , to clear he mind . Steve cuttle use to read Bible verse ... bob what about you ? lyn think about it . lyn cassady well , I find drink help . also if I be listen to classic rock music . bob yeah ? ( beat ) like who ? lyn cassady I like Boston . Boston usually work . Bob jot this down in the notebook . bob ( writing ) what other power do you practise ? ( continued ) 20 . 21 continued : ( 3 ) 21 lyn cassady invisibility . bob ( taken aback ) invisibility ? lyn cassady yup . that be level Three . bob actual invisibility ? lyn cassady well ... yeah , that be the goal . but after a while we adapt it to just find a way of not be see . when you understand the , the linkage between observation and reality , you learn to dance with invisibility . Bob try to follow this . bob like camouflage ? lyn cassady it 's not like camouflage . we also practise phase . cross from particle to wave , from the physical realm to the plane of energy . solid object seem to pass right through you . it 's start with a breathe exercise ... lyn make a weird shallow panting SOUND . lyn cassady ( cont 'd ) then you think black . that 's the nothingness . Bob watch he solemnly as he continue he weird panting . bob I do not ... can I be honest , lyn ? I do not know what to make of this . I do not know what to say . this be amazing stuff . ( beat ) how would you ... I wanna ... could I write a story about this ? lyn stop panting , take a swig of whiskey , stare at the bottle , suddenly taciturn . lyn cassady not go to happen . ( continued ) 21 . 21 continued : ( 4 ) 21 bob no , but see , I have be look for a story lyn . I be go to write about the re-build contract but this ... this be even better and I ... lyn cassady not go to happen . bob all I be say be we could talk some more tomorrow and ... lyn cassady I be shipping out tomorrow . bob you be go home ? lyn cassady go to Iraq . there 's this factory we might be partner with in Al Qaim . Bob 's face fall . bob oh . they sit in silence for a moment . lyn pass Bob the whiskey . he take a swig , he mind whirring ... bob ( cont 'd ) ( suddenly ) I could come . lyn cassady ( beat ) what ? bob I could come with you , maybe , and ... lyn cassady Bob , I do not want to be a story , okay ? I do not need the attention and ... bob no , listen , we could change name , stuff could stay off record and ... ( continued ) 22. 21 continued : ( 5 ) 21 lyn cassady it 's a war over there bob. okay ? a war . I can not be look out for you . Bob flush with annoyance . bob well you know , you do not ... I look after myself . okay ? I look after ... and I have be in some pretty hairy situation before . I be not , you know ... I be a journalist , lyn . you understand ? he slap he notebook for emphasis . bob ( cont 'd ) a journalist . I go where the story be . bob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I be a american . I be resolute . I want adversity to reveal my character to the world . and to my wife . and to that one - armed cunt Dave . lyn be stare at Bob 's notebook . he take it from Bob and examine Bob 's drawing of eye . lyn cassady what 's this ? bob what ? nothing . I be just doodling . lyn examine Bob - something different in he attitude . bob ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter ? lyn cassady ( beat ) nothing . he consider for a moment , struggle with himself , then seem to reluctantly come to a decision . he reach into the bag on he bed and pull out a dog-eare book . he hand it to Bob . Bob examine the book - on the cover be a picture of Da vinci 's vitruvian man and the title Pentagon report 92245 . the New Earth Army manual . Bob stare at the book . he open the first page and read ... ( continued ) 23. 21 continued : ( 6 ) 21 bob ( v.o . ) ( reading ) the U.S Army do not really have any serious alternative than to be wonderful ! Bob look at the disclaimer at the bottom of the page . bob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ( reading ) this do not represent the official position of the United States Army at this time . Bob look up at lyn who nod gravely . lyn cassady you want to know who Bill django be ? ( beat ) he 's the man who write that book . 22 ext . expressway - iraq - morning 22 lyn 's car roar down the expressway into Southern Iraq , pass a tank which sit by the road-side . 23 I / E. car - morning 23 lyn drive . a hung-over Bob sit read the New Earth Army manual . bob ( reading ) the New Earth Army be a banner under which the force of good can gather . the courage and nobility of the warrior , blend with the spirituality of the monk . 24 ext . road - day 24 the car pass oil field , beyond the building thinning out into the desert . bob the jedi warrior will follow in the footstep of the great imagineer of the past - Jesus Christ , Lao Tse tung , Walt Disney ... 25 I /e. car - day 25 Bob be still read . ( continued ) 24 . 25 continued : 25 bob ( reading ) the role of the New Earth Army be to resolve conflict world - wide . jedis will parachute into war zone , utilize sparkly eye technique , carry symbolic flower and animal , play indigenous music and word of peace ... insert : a illustration of a soldier carrying a lamb and some lile - with what appear to be some kind of loudspeaker strapped to he shoulder . bob ( cont 'd ) what 's the sparkly eye technique ? lyn raise he shade and twinkle he eye at Bob for a moment . bob ( cont 'd ) okay . lyn cassady you see it ? bob I think so . ( beat ) lyn ? lyn cassady yeah ? bob who be this Bill django ? lyn draw on he cigarette thoughtfully . lyn cassady I do not know where to begin . 26 ext . vietnam - day - the past 26 low angle - a young bill django - military buzz cut and all - trip out of a hovering helicopter and fall , head - first down towards we . we freeze frame on he yelling face just before it hit the camera . 27 int . car - as before 27 lyn exhales smoke . ( continued ) 25 . 27 continued : 27 lyn cassady Bill always say it start for he when he fall out of a helicopter in Vietnam . 28 ext . vietnam - day - the past 28 Bill hit the ground , which be luckily mainly compose of mud . he lie stunne as more helicopter lower around he and he platoon begin to debark . the helicopter barely touch the ground before they take off again . supere title read : Vietnam , January , 1973 . Bill get up onto he knee and examine he m - 16 - the barrel clogge with earth . he poke he finger into the muzzle try to clean it , then find he can not get it back out again . bill django oh , man ... he try to pull he finger free , glance up and freeze . ahead of Bill and he platoon be a wall of dead american troops - rotting in the sun . his man stand stare at the wall aghast . a private beside Bill snap and open FIRE , yell wildly . bill django ( cont 'd ) ( over the gun - fire ) knock - it off ! Chris ! knock - it off ! Bill grab he with he free hand and shake he , he m - 16 hang painfully from he other hand . bill django ( cont 'd ) will you knock it off ? ( climb to he foot ) Jesus . what do you think ...? thunk . a soldier stand next to Bill drop , the back of he head spray over nearby soldier . silence . everyone stare at the dead man . another shot ring out - another soldier drop . the other flinch , scan the tree - line ahead of they . soldier ( pointing ) VC in black pyjamas ! one hundred meter ! it 's a woman ! the woman be jogging across the tree-line ahead , weapon in hand . ( continued ) 26 . 28 continued : 28 bill django ( try to free he hand ) okay ! silence . Long pause . bill django ( cont 'd ) well !? soldier what ? bill django what the fu ...! why be not anyone fire ? his man stare back at he , frighten . bill django ( cont 'd ) take her out ! the Soldiers open fire - a deafen roar . the woman keep on run as the foliage above she head be shred by bullet . no shot come close . Bill watch amaze . bob ( v.o. ) every single one of Bill 's man fire high . they instinctively have not want to shoot another person . later Bill would come across a study by General s.l.a Marshall , which reveal that only 15 - 20 percent of fresh soldier shot to kill . the rest aim high , do not fire at all , or pretend to be busy do something else . bullet still fly above she head , the woman stop run , crouch down and return FIRE . Bill be shot , stumble backwards and fall into the mud , he finger still stick in he m - 16 . he lie there , stare up at the sky , he expression one of puzzlement , as a huge blood stain spread over he chest . bill be p.o.v - the edge of we vision darken down as the sound fade out . the darkness flow inwards , as if a Iris be close down - until only a pin - point of white light remain in the centre of the sky . we begin to move towards the light , slowly at first and then faster and faster . just as we be about to reach it , a vision of the face of the VC woman appear , fill the white disc . ( continued ) 27 . 28 continued : ( 2 ) 28 VC woman ( softly ) they gentleness be they strength . we begin to sink back down again , faster and faster until the circle of white light have disappear all together and we be in darkness ... fade in : 29 int . military hospital - the past - day 29 Bill lie in he bed , stare sadly at the other casualty in the ward - amputee , spinal , burn ... bob ( v.o. ) recovering in hospital , Bill write to General t.l cornplow , vice Chief of staff for the Army , explain that he want to go on a fact - find mission to explore alternative combat tactic . the Pentagon agree to pay he salary and expense for the duration of the journey . we hear the open of a period song as we ... CUT to : 30 ext . highway - the past - day 30 ... as the track continue we see Bill in civilian dress , drive down the Pacific Coast highway . bob ( v.o. ) what Bill have not tell the Pentagon be that he be really look for the answer to the riddle of he vision . how could he man 's gentleness , they general lack of interest in kill people , how could this be turn into a strength ? how could love and peace help win war ? Bill know where to go to find out . montage sequence begins 31 ext . ground - day 31 tracking past a row of hot tub - each fill with naked people hugging . ( continued ) 28 . 31 continued : 31 we find a uncomfortable Bill in one tub fill with embracing hippy men . self - consciously he stroke he buzz - cut . supere title read : nake hot Tub encounter session , Santa Rosa . 32 int . room - day 32 Bill and another man be arm -wrestle , scream . other men stand around scream also . title read : primal Arm - wrestling , Sacramento . 33 ext . pool - day 33 four people be float on they back breathe rapidly and loudly . each one be support by a partner . Bill , he buzz - cut grow out , float amongst they , sobbing uncontrollably . title read : reichian rebirthing , San Jose . 34 ext . hill - day 34 a platinum haire woman be lead a group of runners , include Bill , down the hill . they run in a odd way - prancing like horse , they eye close , arm raise , smile ecstatically . title read Beyond jogging Movement , stockton . one of the group run into a tree . 35 int . room - day 35 Bill lie on he side on a gurney , he hair longer now . we can not see what be be do to he , but he be sobbing uncontrollably once again . title read Higher essence colonic irrigation therapy , monterey . 36 ext . house - day 36 long shot - a group of bare - chested men , include bill , stand on the roof of the house . title read the Whole man Movement - auburn . a leader give Bill a signal and he jump off , fall fifteen foot to the road below . he hurt himself quite badly . 37 int . esalen institute - day 37 Bill sit amongst a large meditation group , long-haire and bearded , indistinguishable now from the san-francisco Bay area hippies all around he . title read : esalen Institute for the advancement of human potential , Big sur . ( continued ) 29 . 37 continued : 37 arrow point at various meditator around the hall , identify they as bob dylan , GEORGE harrison and henry miller . Bill sense someone stare at he and glance over to the meditator next to he - aviator shade , a baseball cap pull low , empty cigarette holder clench between he tooth . the meditator continue to stare intently at he . then open he coat to reveal the Magnum .45 strapped to he chest . Bill smile nervously . a arrow identify the gunman as hunter S. thompson . bob ( v.o. ) Bill disappear into the New Age Movement for six year . Bill feel Thompson stare at he . he smile nervously . 38 ext . fort bragg - MAIN gate - the past - day 38 it 's 1980 . Bill walk down the road towards the entrance gate . his long hair be braid . he have a eye paint on he forehead . bob ( v.o. ) like all shamen before he , he have traverse the wilderness . now he be return to he people , a change man . the sentries at the gate check Bill 's pass suspiciously . bob ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he bring with he he confidential report - the New Earth Army manual . the Gates swing open and Bill pass through . dissolve to : 39 ext . desert - day 39 lyn crouch revolve a curious aluminium cone towards the sun . Bob sit by the car , read the manual . he look up , watch lyn . bob ( beat ) do it direct you power ? ( continued ) 30 . 39 continued : 39 lyn cassady what ? bob the cone . do it direct you psychic power or something ? lyn cassady no . bob what do it do ? lyn take some burger out of a cooler box and put they into the cone . lyn cassady it cook supper . he examine the stove approvingly . lyn cassady ( cont 'd ) solar . utilize the power of the universe - no pollution , totally renewable . this be like New Earth Army technology . Bob pick up the manual and start to read . lyn watch he . lyn cassady ( cont 'd ) pretty mind -blow , be not it ? first time I read it , I be like ... what the fuck ? bob yes. ( beat ) but ... he stop . lyn cassady what ? bob nothing . lyn cassady go on - what ? bob well it 's just ... it 's hard to believe the Pentagon pay for this . I mean , it 's very interesting , but there 's nothing in here that 's actually about ... fight ? ( continued ) 31 . 39 continued : ( 2 ) 39 lyn cassady the New Earth Army be task with prevent conflict . we be a force of peace , not war . Bill realize if you want to change the world , you have get to start by change the army . he be the one that start the research into non - lethal . bob non-lethal ? lyn flick away he cigarette . lyn cassady check this out . he take a yellow plastic blob from he pocket with a flourish . lyn cassady ( cont 'd ) the predator . bob ( laugh ) the predator ? ( beat ) that 's a plastic blob , lyn . ( point at the blob ) that 's a ... before he can finish lyn have slip Bob 's finger into a hole in the middle of the blob and twisted it . bob ( cont 'd ) oh ! oh fuck ! oh ... fuck ! lyn cassady you see ? you be mine now . the predator be completely biodegradable . it 's friendly to the earth but it can hurt you in a hundred way . he take the blob off the finger and rub it 's serrate edge down Bob 's temple . bob owwwwww ! lyn cassady it have warrior function . ( beat ) and it look a bit funny . this be New Earth Army technology . lyn stick the predator in Bob 's ear and haul he to he foot . Bob yell with pain . ( continued ) 32 . 39 continued : ( 3 ) 39 bob stop it ! stop hurt I ! lyn stare at the blob fondly . lyn cassady I buy it on line . what 's cool about it be that you could see this lie on the ground and you would never know it have such lethality . Bob hold he ear and pants for breath . lyn 's face light up . lyn cassady ( cont 'd ) eyeballs . 40 ext . desert - day 40 a empty landscape , as Bob 's shout drift across the sand ... bob no !!!!! 41 ext . desert - sunset 41 Bob watch the red disk of the sun dip below the horizon . lyn check the meat on the stove look piss off . it 's still raw . bob I think it 's officially night now . lyn kick at the stove . lyn cassady ( muttering ) piece 'a shit . 42 int . car - desert - later 42 Bob and lyn sit in the car . Bob be read the manual , eat cold bean from a can . Bob suddenly notice lyn have take a small black case from he bag and be prepare a injection . lyn cassady ( off Bob 's look ) ) I have get crohn 's . the steroid help . ( continued ) 33. 42 continued : 42 lyn inject himself , pack everything back away in he back - pack . Bob sit , shiver . lyn finish , stare up at the star thoughtfully . lyn cassady ( cont 'd ) sometimes there 's a need , Bob . sometimes people be call out for something , even if they do not know it themselves . and then a man like Bill appear out of nowhere , because he hear the call .... dissolve to : 43 int . fort bragg - night - the past 43 a circle of officer include major holtz sit around bill who have surround himself with a pseudo - forest of plant . there be candle everywhere . his face be paint . supere title read Fort bragg . 1980 . bill django I would like we to begin this with a mantra . if we could all breathe in and then out , hold a long " eeeeee . " the officer stare at he . there be snigger . Bill stare they down . bill django ( cont 'd ) breathe in ... ( they comply ) and out ... officer ( embarrassed ) eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ee . they finish . Bill nod , smile , stare around at they . bill django we be a hollow Army , gentleman . Vietnam have crush we soul . we be traumatize and melancholic . we be ashamed . that be why I have bring you to this place of sanctuary . here we can mend we wound and dream we dream . my dream be of a America that will lead the world to paradise , a America that no longer have a exploitative view of natural resource , that no longer promote consumption at all cost . I believe this be America 's destiny . ( more ) ( continued ) 34 . 43 continued : 43 bill django ( cont 'd ) but to achieve it we must become the first superpower to develop super power . we must create warrior monk - man and woman who can fall in love with everyone , sense plant auras , pass through wall , stop say mindless cliches and see into the future . I want you to join I in this vision . ( beat ) be all you can be . Bill finish . we track along the officer ' face - really not sure what to do or say . we reach one officer who look like Lee marvin . this be brigadier general dean hopgood . his eye be shine with excitement . bob ( v.o. ) amongst Bill 's audience that night be brigadier General Dean hopgood , from the Defense Intelligence Agency . for some time the General have be concerned about information he have be receive about Soviet research into psychic power . 44 ext . pool - day - the past 44 wearing trunk , the brigadier General lounge by he pool , engross in a paper - back book title psychic discovery behind the Iron curtain . bob ( v.o. ) accord to some storey the Soviets be psychically spying on american basis and have design " psychotronic generator " - machine capable of bombard the President with negative energy . 45 int . laboratory - day - the past 45 two diabolical - looking russian scientist be wiring up some kitten to a machine . bob ( v.o. ) they be also conduct sadistic experiment to see whether animal have psychic power . 46 another laboratory 46 another diabolical scientist be wiring up the kitten ' mother . ( continued ) 35 . 46 continued : 46 bob ( v.o. ) could they , for instance , telepathically detect that they baby be distress ? 47 first laboratory 47 with a gloat smile one of the scientist approach one of the kitten with a light cigarette . the kitten give a pitiful mew as the scientist loom over it . 48 ext . pool - day - the past 48 brigadier General hopgood can not read on . brigadier general hopgood sick bastard ... 49 int . office - day - the past 49 brigadier General hopgood be briefing two senior Pentagon official . official but why do the Soviets begin this type of research ? brigadier general hopgood well sir , it look like they hear about we attempt to telepathically communicate with one of we nuclear sub - the nautilus - while it be under the polar cap . official ( beat ) what attempt ? brigadier general hopgood there be no attempt , sir . it seem the story be a french hoax . but the Russians think the story about the story be a french hoax be just a story sir . second official so , they have start psi research because they think we be do psi research , when in fact we be not do psi research ? ( continued ) 36 . 49 continued : 49 brigadier general hopgood yes sir . but now that they be do psi research , we be go to have to do psi research , sir . we can not afford to have the Russians lead the field in the paranormal . the official consider this gravely . 49a int . fort bragg officer quarter - day 49a Bill look in a mirror as he admire he new insignia . bob ( v.o. ) two week later the Army adopt the slogan be all you can be and appoint Bill Commander of the first New Earth Army battalion . 50 int . car - the present - dawn 50 Bob wake , stiff and cold , in the front of the car . he sit up and look around , try to work out where he be . suddenly he realize he be alone . afraid , he scan the landscape around he - featureless desert stretch to the horizon . bob ( softly ) lyn ? 51 ext . desert - continuous 51 Bob jump out of the car , panic and start to run in a random direction . bob ( as he run ) oh god. oh God . he stop , stare at the immense empty landscape ahead of he . bob ( cont 'd ) lyyyyn ! lyn cassady ( o.s. ) what ? Bob turn and see lyn in a yoga pose on the roof of the car . ( continued ) 37 . 51 continued : 51 bob I do not ... I think ... what be you do ? lyn cassady salute to the Sun . he finish and jump down . lyn cassady ( cont 'd ) okay . we be oscar Mike . ( get up ) that 's " on the move " soldier . 52 ext . desert road - early morning 52 the car cut across the vast landscape , the day already heating up . 53 inside the car 53 Bob be write in he notebook as lyn drive . he notice lyn keep look up at the sky . bob what be you do ? lyn cassady cloud burst . keeps I in shape . Bob stare up at the cloud . bob really ? which one ? lyn cassady ( pointing ) that one . Bob try to work out which cloud he mean . bob that one ? lyn cassady no . that one . the big one . bob be not that one too far away ? lyn look at Bob like he 's crazy . lyn cassady they be all far away . ( continued ) 38 . 53 continued : 53 he concentrate on the cloud again . sure enough , it thin and fade until it have disappeared . Bob stare - not sure what to think . lyn cassady ( cont 'd ) and it 's go . lyn , smile up at the sky , do not notice that the car be veer off the road a little . bang ! the two man be slam forward as the car hit something , Bob smack he face off the dash . 54 ext . desert road - day 54 we see the car have run straight into a large rock . this be pretty much the only vertical feature in the otherwise flat landscape . the two man stand stare at the wreck front of the car . Bob be hold a handkerchief to he bloody nose . he look at the car , stare around he at the desert stretch out . bob Jesus lyn . you have like the whole desert to drive in ... lyn rub he face ruefully . lyn cassady yeah . I be sorry about that Bob . must have get a little bi - locational there , you know ? but do not worry . someone will come along soon . 55 ext . desert road - day - much later 55 a sweat Bob sit in the shadow of the car , toss a coin . lyn sit smoking . lyn wheaton head . bob ( check the coin ) right . he toss again . lyn wheaton head . ( continued ) 39 . 55 continued : 55 bob ( checking ) right . he toss again . bob ( cont 'd ) what 's you record at this ? lyn wheaton two hundred and sixty four . tail . bob ( checking ) right . that 's pretty ... he stop , listen . we hear the sound of a approach engine . the two man turn to see a white pick - up truck approach . bob ( cont 'd ) ( scramble to he feet ) oh thank Christ . Bob scuttle into the middle of the road , wave frantically . the pick - up slow and pull over . a young iraqi man look out at they . bob ( cont 'd ) can you help we ? we drive into a rock . could you take we to a town or someplace ? smiling , the iraqi gesture to the back of the pick -up . bob ( cont 'd ) ( relaxing ) thank you ! thanks so much ! he grab he case and climb up onto the back of the truck . lyn stare at the driver , then , with a sigh pick up he bag and follow Bob . 56 ext . desert road day - back of truck 56 as the truck bump off down the road , Bob and lyn sit down and find themselves face two young iraqi men . bob hi! hello there . thanks so much for this . the two Young Men smile in a friendly fashion . ( continued ) 40 . 56 continued : 56 bob ( cont 'd ) ( laughing ) do not know if we would have last much longer . phew ! one of the Young Men nod , smile . he reach casually forward and take lyn 's bag from he . lyn just sit there , resign as the Young man root through the content . bob ( cont 'd ) ( oblivious ) yeah , it get pretty hot out here , huh ? the Young man take out a rock compilation CD from lyn 's bag and inspect it . young iraqi ( to the other ) deep purple . they laugh . bob ( laugh too ) oh , you speak English ? great . deep purple . right . you guy like deep purple ? you like rock or , or ... he suddenly notice the Young iraqi be hold a handgun . the Driver lean out the window and shout something over the roar of the engine . the Young man next to lyn take off he scarf and start to blindfold lyn with it . bob ( cont 'd ) ( smile fade ) lyn ? be this ... be this ...? lyn cassady ( wearily ) yeah . 57 int . room - night 57 Bob and lyn , they hand tie , sit on a mattress in the otherwise empty room , light by a shaft of moonlight from the small window above they . from next door come the faint sound of a period song play . Bob be lose it . bob we be go to die ! I be go to be kill by Al Qaeda ! ( continued ) 41 . 57 continued : 57 from the next room we hear the Young Iraqis start to sing along to the track , laugh . lyn listen . lyn cassady I do not think they be Al Qaeda . bob oh what the hell do you know ? you do not know ! you do not know anything ! and this be all you fault ! lyn cassady Bob , there 's something I have to tell you . when I say I be retire from the unit , that be a lie . I be on a mission . dewitt be just my cover . I have be reactivate . I could not tell you because this be a Black op , but ... I think you have a part to play . I think that 's why you be with I . Bob collapse face down on the mattress . bob ( muffled ) you be a idiot . you want to know why I be with you ? because I get drunk . ( start to cry a little ) I get drunk and I just want to get into Iraq so I could prove to my wife I be not ... just once that I ... and now I be go to die . she 's right . I be such a ... he dissolves into misery . lyn watch with sympathy . lyn cassady have you hear of optimum trajectory before ? ( no answer ) you life be like a river , Bob . if you be aim for a goal that be not you destiny , you will always be swim against the current . Young ghandi want to be a stock - car racer ? not gonna happen . Little Anne Frank want to be a High School teacher . tough titty Anne . that 's not you destiny . but you will go on to move the heart and mind of million . find out what you destiny be and the river will carry you . now sometimes event in life give a individual clue as to where they destiny lie . ( more ) ( continued ) 42 . 57 continued : ( 2 ) 57 lyn cassady ( cont 'd ) like that doodle you just " happen " to draw ? he unbutton he shirt and reveal a eye tattooe on he chest - very similar to the one Bob have draw . Bob look up . lyn cassady ( cont 'd ) this be the ajna chakra - the third eye - the symbol of the jedi . when I see you would draw it ... well , the Universe give I a sign like that , I do not ignore it . you be mean to be here with I , Bob . the jedi inside you sense that . Bob stare at the eye . lyn cassady ( cont 'd ) now listen to I . I do not think this guy be frl 's or mehdi Army ... I think we be talk standard criminal here , okay ? what they be gonna do be try and sell we on to another group . we can not let that happen . bob how be we gonna stop they ? there 's three of they ! and they have get gun ! lyn cassady we be jedi , Bob . the jedi do not fight with gun . we fight with we mind . bob what do you mean ? lyn cassady let 's say we have no choice but to fight with this man . then we use visual aesthetics to instill psychically in the enemy a disincentive to attack . bob ( beat ) what do you mean ? lyn cassady okay , you lock eye with one of they , you go into a monotone and you say " no , I be not go to attack you . " you totally relax you body and you voice . and then you rip out one of he eyeball . ( more ) ( continued ) 43. 57 continued : ( 3 ) 57 lyn cassady ( cont 'd ) or you use a pen , stab he in the neck , create a fountain of blood , I mean really a fountain , get the blood to squirt on he buddy . that 's a psychic disincentive , right there . Bob think about this , a little nauseate . bob we have not get a pen . lyn cassady ( sigh ) you be miss the point . ( stand up ) here let I show you something . stand up . Bob stand up reluctantly . lyn cassady ( cont 'd ) choke I . bob oh ... I do not want to lyn . lyn cassady choke I . what be I gonna do ? ( point at he throat ) just here . choke . choke . bob I do not think I ... there 's sharp edge around here ... lyn cassady c'mon ... ( make quotation mark with he finger ) " attack I . " Bob stare at he , a little annoyed by this . bob what 's with the quotation finger ? that 's like imply I be you know ... only capable of ironic attack or ... lyn cassady quit jaw , Bob , and choke I . bob ( beat ) well , if I choose to choke you , what be you go to do ? lyn cassady I be go to interrupt you think pattern . ( continued ) 44 . 57 continued : ( 4 ) 57 Bob think about this then raise he hand to choke lyn . lyn throws he - sailing through the air . he crash down into the floor behind lyn . lyn cassady ( cont 'd ) see ? I hardly move . physics wise there 's not much go on . it 's the psychic energy that 's important . ( beat ) you okay ? bob ( in pain ) sharp ...edge ... lyn cassady ( help he up ) you feel fear do not you ? before hand ? Bob massage he back , impressed despite himself . bob yes . lyn cassady would you say that level of fear be abnormal for you ? Bob think about this . bob I do not know . I be pretty terrify anyway but the fear I feel on the run - up to the choke do seem , you know , unusual . lyn cassady ( pleased ) you know why ? it be not you . it be I . I be inside you head . Fighting with the mind . suddenly the door open and one of the Young Iraqis come in , smile . younger iraqi okay . we go . 58 ext . desert - early morning 58 the White pick - up bounce over the sand . Bob and lyn sit in the back with one of the Young Iraqis , who have lyn 's back - pack . bob ( softly ) I be sorry I freak out , lyn . ( continued ) 45 . 58 continued : 58 lyn cassady that 's okay . you learn a lesson . " whatever you fear most have no power - it be you fear that have power . " bob ( impressed ) huh . lyn cassady Oprah . bob uhuh . ( beat ) you really do not work for dewitt ? lyn cassady just my cover . bob ( beat ) Gus lacey say you run a dance studio . that be just cover too , right ? lyn cassady no . I do run a dance school . I love dance . bob oh. okay . ( beat ) and you be really on a mission out here ? lyn cassady in time , Bob . bob ( beat ) be you just kid I back there - about I have some jedi in I ? lyn cassady we learn to recognize we own kind after a while . you ever dream about fly ? bob yes . lyn cassady that 's one of the sign . bob do you really think so ? ( continued ) 46 . 58 continued : ( 2 ) 58 lyn cassady do not you ? have not you always really feel you be different ? Bob consider this . bob yes . yes I have . lyn cassady that 's the way it be for we . we be the one who do not fit in as kid . bob have you always have power ? lyn cassady kind of . they use to call I the jinx . bob why ? 59 int . GROOM lake , nevada - day - the past 59 two technician study computer . title read " area 51 " Groom Lake , top secret test Flight base , nevada . 1983 technician ( excite . into microphone ) foxtrot -117 have launch . track now . charlie-oscar 31.8066667 ... lyn ( 30' ) , in uniform , walk past and both computer instantly crash . voice ( over speaker ) we just lose contact ! request status ? oh crap ! the technician turn to stare after lyn . we hear a siren begin to wail . 60 int . office - day - the past 60 lyn stand nervously to attention in front of a very grim look brigadier General hopgood . brigadier general hopgood do you crash that computer ? lyn open he mouth to lie , but one glance at hopgood 's forbid countenance change he mind . ( continued ) 47 . 60 continued : 60 lyn cassady ( miserable ) yes sir . beat . a slow grin steal over the General 's face . brigadier general hopgood ( softly ) Far fuck out ... lyn blink . this be not the reaction he would expect . brigadier general hopgood how would you feel about a transfer son ? 61 int . ex - mess hall - fort bragg , NORTH CAROLINA - day 61 a small group of jedi recruit , lyn amongst they , stand face a stern Bill django in the abandon - look building . the wall have be decorate with cosmic mural . bill django I be Lieutenant Colonel Bill django . from now on , you will speak only when speak to , and the first and last word out of you mouth will be " Sir , yes , sir ! " do you understand ? recruit Sir , yes , sir ! bill django if you complete this course you will be a psychic weapon , a angel of death , we enemy worst nightmare ! until then you be nothing ! less than nothing ! do you understand ? recruit sir , yes , sir ! bill django ( chuckling ) yeah , I be only kid with that shit . okay , what shall we do now ? he stare around the man , expectantly . bill django ( cont 'd ) ( clap he hand ) hey ! let dance ! 48 . 62 int . ex - mess hall - day 62 the jedis be dancing to some rock , encourage by Bill . bill django okay ! give it everything you have get ! that 's it ! the jedis start to dance more frenetically , eye close , jump about the room , wave they arm ... Bill notice lyn , shuffle self - consciously from foot to foot . bill django ( cont 'd ) what 's you name son ? lyn cassady lyn cassady sir . bill django where you from ? lyn cassady opelousas , Louisiana , sir . Bill stare at lyn , take in he orphan air , he hunt look . bill django tough place to grow up ? lyn shrug , embarrassed . Bill nod . bill django ( cont 'd ) you have gotta free you foot before you can free you mind , lyn . lyn cassady ( embarrassed ) not much of a dancer sir . Bill examine lyn 's face through narrow eye . bill django but that be not true be it lyn ? you can dance . it 's just someone tell you not to . 63 bedroom - 1965 63 a twelve year old lyn - be dance away to a track on the radio . his father weave drunkenly past the door and stop , watch . ( continued ) 48a . 63 continued : 63 lyn' father stop act so fuck queer ! he throw he beer can at lyn and walk on . lyn stare after he , upset . the radio abruptly catch FIRE . 64 int . ex - mess hall - day 64 Bill watch lyn with compassion . ( continued ) 49 . 64 continued : 64 bill django well , I be you commanding officer lyn , and I be order you to let the dance out ! lyn start to dance with a little more abandon . bill django ( cont 'd ) c'mon goddamit ! dance ! let it go ! let it all go ! lyn start to go for it . and it 's true - he can dance . bill django ( cont 'd ) ( with approval ) welcome to the heroes journey lyn . lyn smile shyly . bill django ( cont 'd ) ( to the room ) okay remember everyone , we do not officially exist as a unit so I be afraid there 's no coffee budget . bring you own coffee . oh , and no solid food for the first week . as the track continue we ... CUT to : 65 omitted 65 montage sequence begins 66 ext . fort bragg - day 66 uniformed soldier march double time across the parade deck . special force troops " I do not know but I have be tell eskimo pussy be mighty cold ... " 67 ext . - day - jedi warrior 67 ... march , chant a mantra . jedi warrior ommmm ... 50 . 68 int . mess hall - day 68 Soldiers shovel in mouthful of cream potato and steak . 69 int . mess hall - day - jedi warrior 69 ... sip they vegetable juice . 70 ext . field - day 70 the jedis stand watch a jeep drive down a course mark out on the field . 71 int . inside the jeep - day 71 Bill sit next to a nervous jedi trainee who be drive . the jedi be blindfolded . bill django ( calmly ) okay , you be do very well . now feel the next bend ... 72 ext . on the field - day 72 the jedis scatter as the jeep swerve erratically off the course and drive straight towards they ... 73 int . classroom - day 73 soldier examine a diagram of battle tactic . 74 int . jedi classroom - day 74 the jedis examine a blackboard on which Bill be write : " before go into Battle the jedi utilize a ) yogic cat stretch . B ) primal scream and leap . C ) belgian waffle . D ) ginseng E ) amphetamine . " 75 ext . field - day 75 the jedis stare doubtfully at the bed of hot coal in front of they . one jedi stand ready , he foot bare . bill django okay , only when you be ready . the jedi nod nervously , hesitates , start to walk on the coal , almost immediately start to scream . ( continued ) 51 . 75 continued : 75 bill django ( cont 'd ) ( encouraging ) think cold ! think real cold ! 76 ext . fort bragg - rooftop - sunset 76 Bill lead the jedis in the earth prayer as they face the set sun . jedis mother Earth , my life support system as a soldier , I must drink you blue water . I pray my boot will always kiss you face and my footstep match you heartbeat . I be yours and you be mine . I salute you . 77 int . ex - mess hall - evening 77 Bill lead the jedis in another dance session - rock music blast - the man dance in a variety of nerdish and dement way . they uniform have be supplement with odd , personal touch : hat , badge , sunglass , a poncho ... we find lyn dance in blissful , idiotic abandonment . bob ( v.o. ) after year of feel like a oddball lyn have finally find a home . at last he be amongst man who pride themselves on be different . 78 ext . brig . general hopgood be garden - day - the past 78 Bill lead the jedis and brigadier General hopgood in a complex yoga move . we close on lyn . bob ( v.o. ) this be Golden day for lyn . there be something so noble and pure in Bill 's vision that the jedis feel themselves inspire to be more than soldier . in a world tear apart by greed and hate they would be a force for good , for peace . a butterfly land on lyn 's outstretch hand . he watch it with a gentle smile . ( continued ) 52 . 78 continued : 78 bob ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) for the first time in he life lyn feel truly happy . the Butterfly flit away and land on a apple in the tree overhead . bob ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) then into the garden a serpent do come . 79 int . dinner party - night - the past 79 guest sit eat dinner around the large table . brigadier General hopgood be talk to he wife . he turn back to find the fork in he hand bent double . he look in amazement at the man sit beside he - larry hooper . bob ( v.o. ) Larry hooper be a fail sci- fi writer from Colorado , recruit to the jedis after brigadier General hopgood meet he at a spoon-bend party . other guest laugh and applaud . 80 ext . function room - night - the past 80 a wedding celebration be in progress . scotty mercer - one of the jedi recruit - be dance , beam with he new bride . guest - lyn and the other jedis amongst they - stand watch , clap and cheer , a boisterous atmosphere of bonhomie . Larry watch the reveller with contempt . bob ( v.o. ) right from the start he have make himself unpopular with the other jedis . scotty and he wife be walk off the dance floor . Larry stop he to shake he hand . larry hooper congratulation scotty . I be sorry it do not work out for you two . scotty 's face fall . the other jedis glare at Larry . one of they make a move towards he but lyn hold he back . 53. 81 int . mess hall - day - the past 81 the jedis eat at one table . Larry sit alone and shunne at another table . lyn walk over with a tray , hesitates see Larry alone . bob ( v.o. ) Larry make it quite clear that he despise most of the other jedis . feeling sorry for he lyn sit beside Larry . Larry flush red . bob ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but lyn - lyn be different . ( beat ) he really hate lyn . 82 int . psi experiment room - day - the past 82 scotty , Larry and lyn sit focus on a wall of SMALL wooden cupboard . each cupboard have a letter and number print on its door . bill django a- 9 . the three man focus on the cupboard in question . scotty it 's ... it 's something cylindrical ? I think it 's a pencil ? bill django okay . Larry ? Larry roll he eye up in he head , speak in a high waver voice with a bad cockney accent . larry hooper this be Larry 's Spirit guide , maud . I be look into the cupboard now and I be see ... I be see ... a tin mug ? bill django lyn ? lyn stare at he hand , focus . he look up suddenly , puzzle . lyn cassady it 's a man on a chair . Bill unlock the little cupboard and take a photograph of the lincoln Memorial . there be murmur of admiration from the watch jedis . ( continued ) 54 . 82 continued : 82 larry hooper ( blustering ) oh , no , wait . see , I think you say k , not a ! Bill ignore he , smile at lyn . bill django bravo Zulu , lyn. outstanding . Larry look dagger at lyn . 83 ext . field - day - the past 83 lyn be walk calmly over the hot coal as the other jedis watch , impressed . 84 int . gym - day - the past 84 Bill be lead the jedis in aikido . bill django aikido be a vehicle for harmonize ourselves with the Universe and the Way . look upon this session as a opportunity to discover yourself and you training partner in a loving environment . later Larry flail violently at lyn . lyn flip he with ease . Larry get up and charge bellow at lyn who flip he out of the frame . Bill join lyn . bill django ( cont 'd ) ( address the watch jedi 's ) notice how lyn 's circular motion turn Larry 's aggression back upon he . good work lyn . a chair fly through the frame , just miss lyn 's head . bill django ( cont 'd ) ( without look at he ) Larry , go outside , calm down . 85 int . remote viewing room - day - the past 85 lyn lie on a couch drink a beer , stare at a large brown envelope . Bill sit beside he with pad and paper . ( continued ) 55 . 85 continued : 85 lyn open the envelope and stare at the photograph of the NATO general inside . bob ( v.o. ) after a year 's training , lyn be give he first tasking . a senior Nato General have be kidnap by Red Brigade member in Italy . Bill be unofficially ask if he unit would be able to help find he before it be too late . lyn cassady ( concentrating ) we be north of verona . it 's a little town . there 's a lake nearby . I can see a cinema . across from the cinema be a shop or , or ... it 's a cafe . he 's in the apartment above . the town be call ... it 's something sweet . ( beat ) dolce . it 's call dolce . Bill look proudly over to where a important look official watch from the next room . the official look impressed . bob ( v.o. ) it 's true that the unit never find out whether any of they remote viewing be accurate or not . nevertheless from that moment on lyn 's reputation soar . 86 int . ex - mess hall - day 86 lyn stand in front of the other jedis . bill django rank , medal ... this thing mean little to the jedi . but growth in spirit , in wisdom , in psychic power , this thing earn we respect . he present lyn with a eagle feather . bill django ( cont 'd ) Native Americans believe that when one receive a Eagle feather , it be the mark of love , of gratitude and ultimate respect . only true human being may carry the Eagle feather . he give the feather to a deeply move lyn , as the other jedis applaud . Larry watch lyn with hate . 56 . 87 int . remote viewing room - day - the past 87 lyn lie on the couch , drink another beer , the Eagle feather on a chain around he neck . a period song be play in the room . bob ( v.o. ) the word soon get out in the intelligence community that there be a sergeant at Fort bragg who could find whatever you need find . it be as if lyn could fly anywhere in the world without leave he room . we track into lyn be eye - until we be inside he mind . lyn' mind p.o.v - we move towards the wall . bob ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) as Bill django say - the Force truly be strong with this one . as the song break into the chorus we burst through the wall , into freedom ... 88 ext . the sky - day - the past 88 as the track continue and we race over the land , fly faster and faster , free as a bird , swoop up towards a huge SUN , until the screen white out and we ... dissolve to : 89 the SUN - rising - the present 89 ... as the pick - up with Bob and lyn in the back pull up next to another truck . two men dress in black with they kaffiyeh cover they face stand by it stare at they . in the back seat of the truck sit a blindfolded iraqi man . the Driver of the pick - up cross to the two insurgent with a half - gallon bottle of water and pass it to they . they drink and confer briefly in Arabic . he turn and gesture to the other two Young Iraqis who push lyn and Bob down from the back of the pick -up . lyn stand still . young iraqi ( gesture again ) etaharrak ! bob lyn ? ( continued ) 57 . 89 continued : 89 lyn cassady ( gently ) it 's okay , Bob . we be not get into that truck . the first Young iraqi gesture more angrily at the truck . young iraqi edkhol ! lyn cassady do not move Bob . bob ( scared , whisper ) be you go to use the blob ? lyn cassady let 's hope it do not come to that . one of the insurgent stir and say something softly in Arabic . the other laugh . angrily the first Young iraqi take out a handgun and level it at lyn . young iraqi edkhol ! lyn raise one hand towards he . lyn cassady you can put you weapon away . you be not interested in we . the Young iraqi point the gun at Bob who start to walk towards the truck . lyn cassady ( cont 'd ) ( firmly ) stay where you be bob. Bob stop . bob shit ...shit ... lyn cassady ( to the iraqi , calmly ) we can go about we business . apparently have have enough one the insurgent pull he own gun out and aim at lyn . the tension build . suddenly Bob remember the phrase he be teach . bob ( blurting ) La termi , ana sahafi ! ( continued ) 58 . 89 continued : ( 2 ) 89 immediately everyone stare at Bob . the insurgent open FIRE at he . terrify Bob , dive across the sand . the Young iraqi behind he also scramble for cover . still fire , the insurgent be suddenly aware of lyn sprinting towards he . before he can turn to aim at he , lyn leap into the air , spin around , face contort as he emit a bizarre shriek . we freeze -frame on he , hung in mid - AIR . bob ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) now at the time I think lyn be have some kind of fit here . later I discover what he be actually do be perform the echmeyer technique . 90 int . dojo - day - the past 90 close on a man who look like woody allen in a jungle hat . he have he eye close in immense concentration . a bead of sweat run down he face . supere title read : BEN echmeyer . bob ( v.o. ) Ben echmeyer be a Vietnam vet with sixty - three confirm kill . he remain the only non - Korean to achieve the rank of master in Kwa ra do . he be one of the jedi teacher at Fort bragg . reverse shoot from behind Ben to the row of jedi recruit watch with expression of mingle admiration and horror . bob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it be say he could have a tug of war with a dozen man and not move a inch . we pan down the back of BEN and find he be naked from the waist down . a sand bag be somehow hang between he leg . bob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he be also able to lift bag of sand on hook hang through he scrotum . a recruit raise a hand . ( continued ) 59 . 90 continued : 90 jedi recruit Sir , what 's the practical application of this ? 91 ext . army base - day - the past 91 over -head shot - Ben lie on the ground stare up at we . we hear the sound of a approach engine . bob ( v.o. ) another demonstration involved let a recruit drive a jeep over he . this , in the end , be to be he undoing . next second a jeep roar straight over Ben , go at sixty mile a hour . we freeze frame on the jeep . bob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) before he untimely death Ben cause quite a stir by advocate he controversial " shock and awe " knife attack method . 92 int . dojo - day 92 Ben leap spastically in the air , spin and shriek , a knife hold in one hand . bob ( v.o. ) the approach be hail by some knife aficionado as revolutionary but criticize by other who believe that the leaping and spin might lead you to accidentally stab yourself . tracking along ben' trainee jedis - as they watch he display . bob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) lyn cassady , however , become a firm convert to the style . we reach lyn who turn to camera . lyn cassady Ben , you be not forget . the knife you give I lie next to my beret . God bless Ben echmeyer . 60 . 93 ext . desert - early morning 93 we UN - freeze on lyn - as he whirl and shriek towards the insurgent . Bob watch amaze from where he lie on the sand . bob ( v.o. ) of course , lyn do not actually have a knife with he at this particular time ... so I still think what he do be kinda ... reckless . the insurgent , understandably startle , flinch backwards , trip over the water bottle and fall on he ass . lyn scoops up the gallon bottle of water and begin to pound the fall man with it . the Young iraqi move to intervene but lyn smack he in the face with the bottle . the blindfolded iraqi in the truck manage to open the door and stumble out , claw he blindfold off and race away over the sand . the second insurgent be distract for a moment by he victim 's flight . when he turn back lyn have scoop up the insurgent 's gun and be aim it at he . beat . nobody move . 94 ext . road - moment later 94 the sun be rise as the pick - up truck roar over the sand and swerve onto the road . inside the truck lyn drive . Bob be lean out of the window , stare at the road behind they . bob ( pull he head back in ) they be not come ! we be okay ! oh God , we be gonna be okay ! the truck crest a hill and we see the iraqi man run desperately down the road ahead of we , he hand tie . lyn cassady there he be . he put he foot down and the truck roar after the run man . ( continued ) 61 . 94 continued : 94 tracking shot - pull the iraqi man , run for all he 's worth . lyn lean out of the truck window as he drive up behind he . lyn cassady ( cont 'd ) ( yell over the engine ) Sir ? you be okay ! we be Americans . we be here to help you ! terrify the man sprint faster . lyn try to pass he , but the man veer at the same time and the truck clip he , send he fly . in the truck lyn cassady ( cont 'd ) oh crap ! bob what happen ? lyn cassady ( braking ) I think I just run he over . 95 ext . road 95 lyn run over to where the man lie moan on the road , he head bleed . lyn cassady Sir ? be you okay ? ( beat ) Bob , give I a hand here will you ? Bob get out and the two lift the iraqi man and begin to carry he back towards the truck . they stop listen to a approach rumble . bob oh shit ! oh shit , they be come ! they scuttle faster back towards the truck , the iraqi man dangle between they . next second , two gleaming white suv crest the hill and roar towards they . see the road block by the truck , the suv screech to a halt and several men in flak jacket and sunglass tumble out in formation , aim they m - 16' at lyn and bob. armed men' p.o.v - lyn and Bob stare at they before drop the bound iraqi on the ground . Bob wave nervously . ( continued ) 62 . 95 continued : 95 we hear the open of a period song as we ... 96 int . s.u.v - day 96 laptop screen we be rush over a cgi desert , between the cgi river tigress and euphrate towards a gleaming CITY rise from the sand . nixon ( o.s. ) then I say " there it be . the future ! " Bob and the iraqi man sit beside todd nixon - a suit . lyn sit behind in between two of the private security guard , who be nodd along to the music play in the car . Nixon , hold the laptop for Bob to see , watch the screen , move . nixon ( cont 'd ) we play this on this big screen at the conference , you know ? this trumpet music blast out . every time I see it , it get I . he glance over at the iraqi man who be hold a dress to the cut on he forehead , pale and shake . nixon ( cont 'd ) you a businessman , sir ? the iraqi man nod . nixon ( cont 'd ) yeah , Ali babas have be target local lately . ( holding out he hand ) Todd Nixon , Army small Business Office . iraqi man ( shaking ) mahmud daash . nixon ask I what business I be in , Muhammad . mahmud daash ( weakly ) mahmud . what business be you in sir ? ( continued ) 63. 96 continued : 96 nixon right now , I be in the quality of life business . Nixon nod , smile , pleased with the line . nixon ( cont 'd ) ( to Bob ) we have get 25 million Iraqis out here who wanna be independent , wanna make something of they life . but more than anything else they wanna buy stuff . cell phone , digital camera , leisure suit - you name it . if it sell in Boston , then we can damn well sell it in Baghdad ! ( to mahmud ) be I right Muhammad ? ( to Bob ) he know what I be talk about . we have get Halliburton , parson , perini ... just in the prime . we be gonna have macdonalds , we be gonna have Starbucks ... no corporate tax . it 's a gold -rush . oh , and by the way , fuck the french ! ( laugh ) do you hear that shit ? chirac want to bring french contractor in ? can you believe that ? hey , phil ? raise one hand if you like the french . the driver ( they double act ) raise both you hand if you be french ! he raise both he hand . nixon ( laughing ) yeah , okay ... watch the wheel phil . ( to Bob ) Year Zero boy . Bob nod politely . the back seat lyn prepare a injection for himself . he feel the Security Guard beside he watch . he notice the name of the company on the man 's badge - krom Security . lyn cassady ( make conversation ) what 's krom ? the Security Guard continue to watch he through he mirrore shade . ( continued ) 64 . 96 continued : ( 2 ) 96 security man ( Texan accent ) God of War . lyn cassady ( interested ) really ? be that norse ? security man conan the barbarian . s'in the movie . lyn inject himself . lyn cassady right . lyn notice the chilean Security Guard on he other side have a tattoo on he arm - " Viva pinochet ! " driver ( suddenly ) okay . we be in indian country . check six . the suv 's be approach a town and other car have appear on the road . the Security Men on either side instantly lean out of they window with they m - 16' - aim they at the car which swerve out of they way in fear . nixon ( to Bob ) I be pretty down for a while about not get any trigger time in this war Bob , but you know what I have learn ? we great weapon against evil be commerce . when this people have quality consumer item they will no longer want to kill Americans . he turn to gaze at the town they be now drive into . nixon ( cont 'd ) we be not gonna rest until there 's a satellite dish on every one of that roof . behind he the sound of car braking and swerving continue . 65 . 97 ext . town - gas station - day 97 a long line of car be wait for gas - iraqi man , woman and child , suffer in the heat . many of they have be there for hour . the suv approach . 98 inside the suv 98 the driver of the first suv radio Nixon 's car . first driver ( o.s. ) ( over radio ) we have get a line for the gas station here . be we wait ? nixon's driver ( into radio ) negative . we would be way too expose . we be take the station . go in fang out . he accelerate . 99 ext . gas station - continuous 99 ... as the two suv 's roar up , horn blaring , m - 16 's bristle from the window . the lead suv ram the car at the head of the line and sweep it out of its path . Nixon 's suv barrel through the gap and screech to a halt by the pump . the three security men roll out showily , machine gun ready . texan security man secure the perimeter ! the man fan out to the corner of the station , while the first suv block the road and more security pile out , gun raise to cover the line of car . there be howl of protest from the wait Iraqis . Inside the suv Bob , lyn and mahmud watch in astonishment . texan security man ( cont 'd ) give she the go-juice , eddy ! chilean security man I fill she up last time . texan security man bullshit . nixon ( cheerfully , out of the window ) he do fill she up last time Gary . ( continued ) 66 . 99 continued : 99 texan security man with respect sir , bull - fuck - shit . I tank she last time . third security man every time ! can we get some sort of fuck system so we do not ... we hear a sudden , sharp popping sound . immediately the Men drop into crouch , scan the area . texan security man ( yelling ) contact ! we have get contact ! he open FIRE - immediate chaos : people scream , duck down , some car reverse desperately and collide with the car behind . the other Security Men join in the shoot . third security man ( shoot ) where ? where 's the shooter ? 100 across the STREET 100 another suv - identical , but black , be pass , hemmed in by traffic . a stray bullet from the gas-station ping off it 's armor plate . immediately it screech to a halt and a new detachment of security men roll from the car - same flak - jacket and Oakley sunglass but different color uniform . new security man ( into radio ) contact ! we be under fire ! the New detachment open FIRE blindly in the general direction of the Station . 101 gas station 101 ... as bullet smack off the park suv . third security man two o'clock ! two o'clock ! all the Security Men turn and begin spraying bullet across the road . car windshield and window explode . inside the suv a scowling Nixon have sly low in he seat . nixon ( mutter to himself ) ( more ) ( continued ) 67 . 101 continued : 101 nixon ( cont 'd ) try to help you fuck savage . mahmud , Bob and lyn be lie flat on the seat . mahmud daash my house be not far . we could walk from here . Bob flinch as another bullet ricochet off the suv . bob sound good Muhammad . mahmud daash mahmud . 102 gas station 102 as machine - gun fire from across the street strafe the station and Nixon 's Security man return fire blindly . first security man ( yell into Radio ) krom one this be freedom Frontier . we be under attack . this be a fubar situation . requesting kiowa ! behind he lyn , Bob and mahmud crawl across the station on they hand and knee , bullet zipping past they . 103 ext . STREET - moment later 103 mahmud lead Bob and lyn at a crouching run down the street , amongst the crowd of Iraqis flee the gunfire behind they . we hear the whup - whup of a helicopter as a kiowa warrior pass over head . moment later we hear a explosion as the helicopter open fire with a missile ... 104 int . mahmud' house - evening 104 tracking along a wall , past a crooked wedding portrait - a smile mahmud and wife , the glass break ... bob ( v.o. ) Muhammad lead we to he home which it turn out have be rob in he absence . we track past a row of bullet hole in the wall , a section of smoke damage wall paper . ( continued ) 68 . 104 continued : 104 bob ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and also accidentally set on fire by a US tank . neighbor tell he he wife have leave , they be not sure where she have go . we reach Bob , lyn and mahmud eat at a low table . the window behind they have be partially board up . mahmud be sink into a profound depression . lyn look tired , pale . they eat in awkward silence . lyn cassady what be this ? mahmud daash taameeyah . lyn cassady they be really good . Bob nod politely . mahmud nod , sigh . bob ( v.o. ) I understand he be go through a lot , but consider we have save he from kidnapper I still think he welcome could have be a little warmer . lyn clear he throat . lyn cassady I be very sorry for run you over , sir . mahmud shrug . mahmud daash it be a accident . lyn cassady ( beat ) and I apologize for that security detachment . please do not think all Americans be like that . mahmud nod . beat . mahmud daash I apologize for the kidnapper . lyn demur softly . ( continued ) 69 . 104 continued : ( 2 ) 104 lyn cassady not you fault sir . I mean we get kidnapper in America too , so ... you know . there 's always , uh , bad apple , right ? the man eat in silence for a moment . mahmud stare blankly at he plate , look crumpled and lose . Bob watch he , faintly irritate . lyn try to think of something comforting to say . lyn cassady ( cont 'd ) ( carefully ) akhir il ahzan . ( May this be the last of you sorrow . ) mahmud look at he , startle perhaps by the unexpected Arabic phrase . lyn cassady ( cont 'd ) do I say it wrong ? mahmud shake he head , move but embarrassed . mahmud daash no ... that be right . they eat in silence . 105 int . mahmud' house - bedroom - night 105 lyn and Bob be share a bed . Bob look out of the window and notice a cloud over the moon . he concentrate on it , try to " bust " it . nothing happen . he sigh , look over to lyn who be stare at the wall , lose once more in dark thought . bob lyn ? lyn cassady what ? bob what be you think ? lyn cassady just mahmud . people try to build something of they life , something last , something good ... but there 's always someone want to smash it up ... dissolve to : 106 omitted 106 70 . 107 int . remote viewing room - day - the past 107 bob ( v.o. ) lyn be think of Larry hooper and the part he have play in the destruction of the New earth Army . but , in fairness , the jedis ' own eccentricity have not exactly win they many ally in the Army . a jedi - tim kootz - lie on the couch in a trance , Bill sit beside he with pen and paper . bob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) for example , there be Tim kootz who , on be ask to ascertain the whereabouts of General manuel noriega , have reply ... Tim jerk awake from he trance . tim kootz ( firmly ) ask Angela lansbury . bill django ( beat ) what 's that Tim ? tim kootz ask Angela lansbury . Bill look up to a CIA agent observe from the next room . the agent frown . 108 int . corridor - day - the past 108 Bill wait a little anxiously . the CIA agent walk up to he . CIA agent we ask Angela lansbury . bill django and ? CIA agent she say she do not know where General noriega be . 109 int . staff car - fort bragg - day - the past 109 major general jack gilling be be drive through the base . as he stare out of the window he expression suddenly change to one of amazement . ( continued ) 71 . 109 continued : 109 bob ( v.o. ) or there be the time Major General gilling be visit the base and see jedi trainee clifford hickox ... russell be p.o.v - we be drive past the training course . a bare - chest , long -haire hickox be dance around a wooden pole to which he be attach by two long wire and metal hook which be stick in he bleed nipple . bob ( cont 'd ) ... practise the ancient Sun dance of the sioux Nation . 110 int . ex - mess hall - fort bragg - day - the past 110 Bill be introduce a young , fresh - face recruit - lieutenant norm pendleton to the other jedis . bob ( v.o. ) the jedis survive such minor scandal , protect , it be rumor , by a President who be a fan of both the Star Wars film and the paranormal himself . but then , one summer , a young , likeable Lieutenant call norman pendleton be recruit to the New Earth Army ... Larry hooper examine the new recruit with interest . 111 ext . field - morning - the past 111 Larry and norm be jogging together , deep in conversation . bob ( v.o. ) Larry hooper waste no time befriend the newcomer . desperate to compete with lyn , Larry have be do research into the infamous CIA mk- ultra experiment which he believe could enhance he own psychic power . 112 int . remote viewing room - day - the past 112 norm sit on the couch , smile innocently as Larry wheel a electronic device on wheel over to the couch . ( continued ) 72 . 112 continued : 112 bob ( v.o. ) all he need be a lab rat to try they out on , check if they be safe . Larry , make sure norm can not see , be pour a massive dose of lsd into a drink . he give the glass a quick stir and turn , smile , to norm with it . 113 int . remote viewing room - day - later 113 norm lie trip on the couch , rigid , wide - eye , wear headphone , connect to the electronic device , which emit disturbing electronic frequency . Larry stand at the light switch , turn the red bulb overhead on and off , eagerly watch norm 's reaction - a modern day frankenstein . bob ( v.o. ) it turn out they be not . 114 close on larry - later 114 ... cower terrify under the couch , as the sound of gunshot fill the room . norm 's naked legs stride past he . 115 ext . fort bragg - day 115 a naked and demented norm walk through the base , fire random shot at scatter soldier with he beretta . he find Bill block he way . bill django ( gently ) norm ? give I the gun , norm . norm start to cry . then he put the gun into he mouth ... 116 int . disciplinary hearing - day 116 norm 's father - major general pendleton - stare fixedly to where Bill and brigadier General hopgood sit in the hearing - he expression fill with icy rage . bob ( v.o. ) norm 's father , who it turn out be pretty high up in the Pentagon , want blood . ( more ) ( continued ) 73. 116 continued : 116 bob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) although the jedis be pretty sure Larry be responsible , nothing could be prove and when he be call to the disciplinary hearing Larry make sure to smear Bill with everything he could ... 117 larry talking before the hearing 117 ... look every inch the neat , professional soldier . larry hooper Lieutenant Colonel django use fund from the project 's black budget to procure prostitute ... the official listen register shock and dismay . Bill stand up , outrage . bill django that 's a lie ! larry hooper ... and also drug for himself and he man . Bill jump to he foot again . bill django that 's a... ( catch himself ) well the hooker thing be definitely a lie ! the official look at he as if he be satan himself . bob ( v.o. ) brigadier General hopgood resign and die some year later . Bill receive a dishonorable discharge . 118 omitted 118 119 ext . fort bragg - day 119 Bill , a break man , be walk off the base . he reach the gate and see lyn wait for he . bill django continue the work , lyn . the World need the jedis , now more than ever . lyn can not speak . Bill hug he and walk off , the gate close after he . 74 . 120 int . fort bragg - barbershop - day 120 the jedis sit have they hair shave with electric clipper . the jedi 's new commander - major holtz - not a shred of New Age sympathy in he regulation heart - walk down the line , examine he man coldly . bob ( v.o. ) after Bill leave , Major holtz of special force take command of the jedis . lyn stare at he reflection as he long hair fall to the floor . bob ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and nothing be ever the same again . dissolve to : 121 int . bedroom - early morning - the present 121 Bob wake up , listen to the sound of lyn 's labour breathe . across the room lyn sit , sweat with pain , prepare a injection . we see he have use the last of the medicine . he inject himself , he breathe beginning to ease and sit stare at the empty vial . Bob watch for a moment then shut he eye , feign sleep . 122 ext . road - day 122 lyn and Bob be wait on the quiet road which be studd with burnt out car . mahmud drive a old renault out of a warehouse and over to they . he get out the car and hand lyn the key . lyn cassady I really appreciate this sir . 123 int . car - moment later 123 lyn watch mahmud in the mirror as they drive away . he stand in the middle of the road , stare at he foot . they drive on . 124 ext . desert - road - day 124 as the car cut across the landscape . 75 . 125 ext . desert - road - later 125 the car have pull over at a junction . 126 inside the car 126 lyn sit stare out at the emptiness , look , perhaps for the first time , worried . bob ( peevish ) Jesus Christ . we could 'a buy a map if you would say . lyn cassady bedouin have be navigate this desert for century without map . you can use a wrist - watch in conjunction with the sun . bob well ? lyn cassady what ? bob ( exasperated ) well ... use you watch . lyn cassady I have not get a watch . bob oh for the love of ... here ... he give lyn he watch . lyn look at the watch and turn to stare at Bob . bob ( cont 'd ) what ? lyn cassady this be a digital watch , Bob . bob so ? that 's ... lyn cassady so you need a watch with hand for Christ 's sake ! bob well how the hell be I suppose to know ? ( more ) ( continued ) 76 . 126 continued : 126 bob ( cont 'd ) you be the navigation expert here . you tell I you could find the way . lyn cassady will , if you would just be quiet for a ... bob turn out you have not even get a watch ! now what the hell be we ... lyn cassady will you shut up ? I do not need a watch . I be use level two . bob ( beat ) what ? lyn cassady level two. intuition . we be train to make correct decision . somebody run up to you and say " there 's a fork in the road . do we turn leave or do we turn right ? and you go ... ( snap he finger ) " we go right ! " Bob stare at he . bob just ... instant ? lyn cassady instant . ( snap he finger ) just like that . bob we've be sitting here for half a hour ! how's that " instant ? " lyn abruptly start the engine and take the right turn . bob ( cont 'd ) oh , it 's that way ? lyn cassady ( grimly ) yes . it 's this way . bob right . now you know . 127 ext . desert road - continuous 127 high angle ( continued ) 77 . 127 continued : 127 below we the car drive off into the empty landscape , get smaller and smaller . then ... boom . we see the flash of the explosion and the renault be flip like a toy car . a ribbon of black smoke rise into the blue sky . silence . 128 ext . desert - later 128 bob 's p.o.v - we be stumbling forward towards a sand berm . we hear the sound of heavy breathe . bob ( o.s. ) ( croaking ) what ... what happen ? lyn be staggering over the sand with Bob on he back . he be hold he backpack . Bob have a gash on he forehead which be bleed . under the blood he face be white . in the distance , behind they , we can see the column of black smoke rise . lyn cassady ied . bob ( beat ) what ? lyn cassady improvise explosive device . bob oh Jesus . lyn cassady you be okay Bob . it 's gonna be okay . bob I can not believe this . great fuck intuition lyn . I can not ... put I down . I can walk . put I down . lyn put Bob down . Bob keel sideways onto the sand and lie there , wheeze . bob ( cont 'd ) oh , jeez . oh , jeez . lyn cassady alright , c'mon ... he haul Bob to he foot , put he baseball cap on he and pull he onto he back . Bob hang there limply as lyn set off again . ( continued ) 78 . 128 continued : 128 lyn reach up and grope at Bob 's face , remove he spectacle . Bob do not notice . bob where be we go ? we should stay with the car so the army can find we . lyn cassady fedayeen will find we first . bob well , I disagree . I totally disagree . ( beat ) the Federal what ? lyn cassady fedayeen Saddam . paramilitary . fellas who probably laid the ied . they could be on they way now . hold this Bob . he pass Bob he backpack . they stagger on in silence for a moment , Bob jogging up and down on lyn 's back . lyn snap the leg off Bob 's glass , use they as improvise divine rod to scan the sand ahead . bob what be you do ? lyn cassady could be ied 's or mine around here . I be check for disturbance in the telluric current . bob ( still daze ) be they my glass ? lyn do not answer , keep on walk , struggle a little under the weight . beat . bob ( cont 'd ) Jesus , it 's hot . I be so hot . ( beat ) be not you hot ? lyn cassady ( not unkindly ) Bob ? it 's pretty important you keep you mouth close , okay ? you can lose a lot of water through a open mouth . he stagger on with he . 79 . 129 ext . desert - later 129 Bob trail after lyn , he shirt tie around he head , breathe hard . lyn be still scan the sand . bob I can not breathe properly . I can not ... oh boy ... he stagger , manage not to fall . lyn cassady you be okay . bob I think I be bleed to death . lyn cassady you be not bleed to death , Bob . it 's shock , okay ? it 's just the shock . it will pass . you be gonna be okay . bob if we would stay at the road we would be safe now ! now we have get no water , no food or , or ... ( notice lyn 's scan ) will you forget about the fuck tantric current ? lyn cassady ( patiently ) you be go to be okay . bob stop say that ! I just get blow up ! I be in the middle of a desert ! i'm not gonna be okay ! lyn cassady Bob , you be suffer from shock . if you start panic now you heart 's gonna stop . Bob stare after he incredulously . bob ( lose it ) be that ... be that suppose to calm I down ?! ( hurry after he ) you know what color the seat be in the frigging hotel but you can not ... you wanna observe something lyn ? observe the fuck bomb in the middle of the road ! ( continued ) 80 . 129 continued : 129 lyn walk on without answer . Bob notice the sun be sink . bob ( cont 'd ) wait a minute . that 's west . Al Qaim 's in that direction . we be go the wrong way . lyn cassady the mission be not in Al Qaim . it 's somewhere near Al Qaim . bob where ? lyn cassady ( beat ) I do not know . bob be that ... be that ... be that a joke ? we have come six hundred mile and you do not know where we be go ? lyn cassady if the exact whereabouts of the target be know it would not take a jedi to find they , would it ? Bob watch lyn stare around he , look pale and draw and , for the first time , afraid . bob who give you the mission lyn ? ( beat ) lyn ? lyn cassady Bill do . bob what ? lyn cassady Bill do . he appear in my trailer two month ago . a psychic projection . I could hear he call my name . Bob be so staggered by this for a moment he can not speak . bob ( softly ) oh ... oh Jesus . lyn cassady he need I . ( continued ) 81 . 129 continued : ( 2 ) 129 bob oh Jesus . oh Jesus lyn . there 's no mission ? we be in the middle of the desert because you hear voice ? there 's no one here ! there 's no - one fuck here . lyn start to walk off but stagger and fall . bob ( cont 'd ) lyn ! Bob rush to he , kneel beside he . lyn clutches he stomach , grimace . bob ( cont 'd ) be it the crohns ? lyn cassady I do not have crohns . bob what 's the matter with you ? lyn cassady I be die . Bob stare at he , stunne . lyn cassady ( cont 'd ) I have be murder . 130 ext . desert - night 130 lyn sit stare up at the immense moon above they . Bob sit watch , huddle against the cold , in the shelter of some rock . lyn get up , stumble back over to he and lie down , struggle for breath , white with pain . lyn cassady it 's go Bob . I can not find he . I have lose my power . it 's the curse . bob what curse ? lyn cassady ( with profound sadness ) they take this ... beautiful thing we would be building and they corrupt it . they destroy the New Earth Army . ( continued ) 82. 130 continued : 130 bob who destroy it ? lyn stare at the star above , remember , grief stricken . lyn cassady I do . dissolve to : 131 int . ex - mess hall - fort bragg - day - the past 131 the jedis , now indistinguishable from other soldier , stand white - wash over the cosmic mural . Major holtz stand watch . major holtz yoga be not the business of the US Army , lady . drumming circle be not the business of the Army . and love and peace be most certainly not the business of the Army . so you girl better start think about how you can engage in the business of the United States Army , which , in case you have forget , involve win fuck war ! bob ( v.o. ) when the dust of the pendleton affair have settle it reveal a surprising victor . 132 int . major holty' office - day - the past 132 Larry stand to attention in front of holtz , a report hold under one arm . bob ( v.o. ) Major holtz regard Larry hooper as a patriotic whistle - blower and the one sound fruit in a otherwise dubious barrel of apple . larry hooper it 's some scientific research I have do for possible offensive psi application sir . ( beat ) I do show the report to Lieutenant Colonel django , but he do not seem interested . holtz snort angrily . ( continued ) 83. 132 continued : 132 major holtz ( muttering ) I bet he be not . he take the report and begin to look through it . pause . he look up slowly at Larry . major holtz ( cont 'd ) we have man who can do this ? larry hooper ( a sly smile ) I think I know one sir . holtz ponder the report , tempt . major holtz but we do not have the resource . larry hooper well sir ... there be goat lab ? 133 int . abandoned hospital - day - the past 133 the building we see at the top of the film . a hundred goat stare silently at we . bob ( v.o. ) goat Lab be originally create as a clandestine laboratory to provide in - the-field surgical training for special force soldier . we boom down to reveal that many of the goat have they leg in plaster . bob ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the goat would get shot in the leg with a bolt gun and then a trainee would have to dress the wound successfully . goat lab actually use to be call Dog Lab ... 134 SMALL dog staring at US 134 ... with big , brown eye . bob ( v.o. ) but it turn out most soldier do not feel good shoot dog in the leg ... a soldier stare doubtfully down at the dog , bolt - gun in hand . 84 . 135 ext . nevada test site - day - the past 135 a goat stand tethere in the desert . title read " nevada test Site , frenchman flat , 1951 . " bob ( v.o. ) ... whereas the army have long feel fine about do stuff to goat - even testing atomic weapon on they . we hear the drine of a aeroplane high , high above . the goat look up ... 136 int . abandoned hospital - day - the past 136 lyn stand face the goat . holtz and hooper watch he . lyn stare . one of the goat stare back . lyn stare . the goat stare back . lyn stare . and the goat fall over . major holtz ( softly ) Holy shit . beat . the goat get back up , shake itself and walk off . lyn slump . 137 ext . desert - night - the present 137 Bob listen transfix . lyn cassady this be the real deal , Bob . I be at the gateway . afterwards I realize I would get injure . bob huh ? lyn cassady sympathetic injury I guess . I be bruise all over . bob so , it 's not that the goat fight back ? lyn cassady ( sadly ) goat do not have a chance . bob but ... that be it ? ( continued ) 85 . 137 continued : 137 lyn cassady I wish it be . hooper tell holtz we should try the experiment again . only this time they say ... kill the goat . 138 int . abandoned hospital - day - the past 138 six goat - each wear a numbered bib - stand in a small bare room . a soldier be set up a video camera in front of they . 139 int . abandoned hospital - second room - the past 139 lyn sit in another bare room . holtz and Larry hooper stand watch he . lyn be also be tape . a soldier walk in carry a envelope . holtz take the envelope and draw from it a piece of paper . he show it to lyn - the number four . major holtz take out number four . lyn stare at the number . bob ( v.o. ) lyn say he have no intention of kill the goat . 140 ext . desert - night - the present 140 lyn flush with indignation at the memory . lyn cassady there be no way ! what have the goat ever do to I ? it be totally against the way of the jedi . I be just go to pretend to try so they would say , " okay - it can not be do " and forget about it . but then , as I sit there , I feel this , this pulse start inside of I and ... I could not stop it . he turn to look at Bob , haunt . lyn cassady ( cont 'd ) you know what I keep think ? 141 int . abandoned hospital - lyn' room - the past 141 close on lyn ... as he stare , concentrate . ( continued ) 86 . 141 continued : 141 lyn cassady ( v.o. ) maybe deep down inside some dark part of I want to see if I could do it ? 142 int . abandoned hospital - goat room - day - the past 142 video footage grainy , flicker black and white footage of the six goat in the room . suddenly one of they go down . 143 int . abandoned hospital - lyn' room - the past 143 a soldier run into the room . holtz , hooper and lyn turn to he , the atmosphere electric with dread and anticipation . soldier ( solemnly ) the goat be dead . the three man stare at he . major holtz ( hoarsely ) goat number four ? soldier ( surprised ) no. number five . 144 ext . desert - night - the present 144 Bob stare at lyn aghast . bob collateral damage ? lyn cassady ( eye glisten ) collateral damage . ( beat ) that be it . I would use my power for evil and it be like I bring a curse upon we all . like that poem where the guy kill the seagull and they make he wear it round he neck . every night I would dream of that goat in its little bib , it 's mouth open and close but nothing come out ... Bob shake he head , stare out into the darkness . ( continued ) 87 . 144 continued : 144 bob the silence of the goat . lyn flick a suspicious glance at Bob , but be reassure by he solemn expression . lyn cassady I finish my tour and I quit . I walk out of the unit and I never go back . 145 ext . fort bragg - day 145 lyn , wear civilian clothes and hold a suitcase , be walk off the base . he reach the gate and turn for one last look at the place that have be he home . bob ( v.o. ) but before he could leave Larry arrange one last parting gift . lyn tun back to the gate and find Larry hooper stand in front of he , look wired . lyn cassady what do you want ...? before he can finish Larry chop he hand down in a odd blow onto lyn 's forehead . lyn stagger back a little , hold he head . lyn cassady ( cont 'd ) what the hell ? Larry have already darte around he with a crazy laugh and be run madly back into the base . lyn stare after he , stunne . lyn cassady ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it be the dim Mak . 146 ext . desert - night - the present 146 Bob look at lyn , puzzle . bob the dim Mak ? lyn cassady the dim Mak . the quivering Palm . the death touch . it 's like this legendary , martial art move . it be forbidden in the New Earth Army . Larry have get it from a mail - order book . ( continued ) 88. 146 continued : 146 bob what do the death touch do ? lyn cassady ( beat , patiently ) it kill you Bob . with one touch . bob Jesus . lyn cassady there 's a story that Wong wifu , great chinese martial artist , have a fight with some guy and have he beat when the guy give he this light tap , and Wong look at he and the guy just nodd . that be it . he would give he the death touch and Wong die . bob then and there ? lyn cassady no. eighteen year later . that 's the weird thing with dim Mak - you never know when it 's go to take effect . he flop back , too tired to talk anymore . Bob watch he as he fall asleep . dissolve to : 147 ext . desert - morning 147 the same horizon , the dune now burn under the sun . we track back and find Bob and lyn lie asleep , lip crack , dehydrated , exhaust . faintly we hear a sound - a tinny bell . it get closer . groggily Bob open he eye just as a goat walk into the frame and walk past he , the bell tie around its neck . Bob lie , watch it pass , try to work out if it 's a hallucination . he struggle to he foot and set off up the berm he 's be lie at the foot of . the goat walk on ahead of Bob , crest the top of the berm and disappear from sight . Bob reach the top of the berm and stand , sway , stare down at something . close on bob be face - stunne . 89 . 148 ext . berm - day 148 Bob be drag a barely conscious lyn up the berm , follow the goat . he stagger , barely able to put one foot in front of the other . at last we crest the top of the berm and find ourselves look down on a water - hole , fringe with palm . the goat stand drink . it stop to look up at we . 149 ext . water -hole - day 149 Bob and lyn collapse into the wet mud of the hole . Bob manage to cup some water into lyn 's mouth and then he own . he roll onto he back , stare up at the burn sky . we hear a dull roaring , muffle , grow in volume . a helicopter be approach ... fade out . in the black we hear a voice . army broadcaster ( o.s. ) ( in Arabic , subtitled ) in America if I do not like my cell - phone company I change they . I be in charge . this be consumer power . 150 int . army base - infirmary - day 150 overhead shot - lyn and Bob lie side by side in bed , both hook up to iv 's . sunlight slant through the shutter on the window in the cool room . the voice be come from a speaker on the wall . army broadcaster ( o.s. ) this be democracy . let we work together for that . and please stop shoot at that who be only here to help . lyn open he eye , look around he . army broadcaster ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) this be a old one from cat Stevens . ( correct himself ) yusef Islam . that 's yusef Islam . lyn look at the door and for a second there 's a flash of a face stare in through the glass . then it 's go . ( continued ) 90 . 150 continued : 150 over the speaker come the sound of a period song . lyn sit up , stare at the door . Bob stir in he bed . bob lyn ? 151 int . army base - corridor - day 151 lyn walk unsteadily out of the room , towing he iv drip behind he . the door at the end of the corridor be just close . lyn set off down the corridor . Bob appear in the doorway behind he , towing he own iv . bob ( hissing ) lyn ? where be you go ? 152 another corridor - moment later 152 lyn pass door , glance into the room beyond ... lyn' p.o.v - the room seem to house a printing PRESS . a soldier stand with he back to we , watch leaflet fire out of the press . we pass to the next room which seem to be a recording studio - the wall cover in shelf of CD 's . a soldier sit with headphone on play a electronic keyboard ... 153 ext . army base build - day 153 lyn emerge blink into the light . he stare around he . the song be play over speaker , echoing eerily around the base . a door slide shut with a clang nearby and lyn turn to locate the sound . a trail of footprint lead across the sand to a hangar nearby . lyn head off across the sand , drag the iv . Bob emerge behind he . bob lyn ! lyn reach the slide door of the building and drag they open and stand stare into the gloomy interior . Bob catch he up . ( continued ) 91 . 153 continued : 153 bob ( cont 'd ) I do not think we should ... he stop follow lyn 's gaze ... inside the build the place be full of goat . lyn and Bob stare at the animal . slowly lyn advance into the darkness , peer around he . in the shadow at the back of the building a figure stir . lyn walk slowly forward until he can make out the man - old , bearded , wear and waste by year of heavy drink . it 's bill django . lyn stare at he . lyn cassady ( choked ) hello Bill . Bill smile hesitantly . bill django hello lyn . lyn be too choke with emotion for a moment to answer . lyn cassady this be Bob . bill django hello Bob . Bob be too amaze to reply . larry hooper ( o.s. ) oh good ... Bob and lyn turn to find Larry hooper stand in the doorway behind they . larry hooper ( cont 'd ) ... the gang 's all here . lyn stare at Larry - shocked . 154 int . base - psic hq - day 154 Larry and Bill be show Bob and lyn around . a few civilian worker be work at computer behind they . larry hooper this be primarily a psyop base . ( continued ) 92 . 154 continued : 154 bob psy for psychic ? larry hooper ( chuckling ) psy for psychological , although the irony be not waste on I . Radio broadcast , leaflet , that sort of thing . Bob pick up a leaflet . larry hooper ( cont 'd ) oh , that 's a iraqi psyop leaflet they drop on we . bob ( reading ) " american soldier - you wife be back home have sex with Bart Simpson and bert reynold . " larry hooper yeah , have not exactly do they homework there . lyn be stare at Bill who be look a little vacantly at the rack of CD 's . Larry notice . larry hooper ( cont 'd ) how would you find we , lyn ? lyn cassady I remote view you . Larry smile a little mockingly . bob if this be psyop what be you do here ? larry hooper I say primarily psyop . this be a restrict area , you understand ? everything you hear and see stay secret or you go to prison . Bob nod a little nervously . larry hooper ( cont 'd ) there be individual in the current administration who be look for ... creative solution for the War on terror . ( more ) ( continued ) 93. 154 continued : ( 2 ) 154 larry hooper ( cont 'd ) they be far more open minded then they predecessor , and they have out - source experimental research to my company . he indicate the psic name badge he 's wear . bob " sick ? " larry hooper it 's pronounce psi-ike . psychic system International Corp . turn out certain people have hear about the New Earth Army and be interested in some of the work we be do back then . they get in touch with I , I get in touch with Bill . lyn cassady ( to Bill ) you be work for he ? Bill frown at the CD , not seem to hear . larry hooper Bill 's be look into subliminal message . ( selecting a disc ) this be one we have design to play to we own troops before combat . he put the disc in a player and press play . we hear a burst of a period song . bob there 's a subliminal message in this ? larry hooper ( read the CD ) this be ... " do not get drunk before fire heavy machine gun . " we have get all sort of product in development . ( to Worker ) tell they one of we new idea . psic worker Air bag mine ? larry hooper Air bag mine . non-lethal mine , catapult the fucker up into air . ( to another ) gimme another one . 2 nd psic worker blast target with pheromone and then release attack be . ( continued ) 94 . 154 continued : ( 3 ) 154 larry hooper excellent . attack be . the force of nature ! another . 1st psic worker Project Achilles . we mutilate enemy corpse and ... larry hooper we be not do that anymore ! ( throw a eraser at the worker ) idiot ! he turn back to lyn . larry hooper ( cont 'd ) the point be we have get a budget , we have get supporter . I be rebuild the New Earth Army . only this time without the hippy crap . Bill stand up and start walk a little unsteadily towards the door . larry hooper ( cont 'd ) you okay Bill ? bill django ( without turn ) gonna get some ice-cream . Larry wait until Bill have leave before turn back to lyn . larry hooper you get the odd flash of what he use to be but ... he 's pretty burnt out with the booze . Larry shake he head in apparent sorrow . then he notice some candy on a desk . larry hooper ( cont 'd ) ooo , twizzler . he pick it up and start to eat it . larry hooper ( cont 'd ) ( to lyn ) you want one ? lyn shake he head , try not to show the emotion he be feel . larry hooper ( cont 'd ) ( watch he ) God , I love this thing ... 95 . 155 int . base - corridor - day 155 Bob help lyn down the corridor . lyn suddenly stop , listen . there be a faint sound of music come from somewhere nearby . 156 int . base - cell corridor - day 156 lyn walk down the corridor , Bob follow . at the end of the corridor be a single door with a spy -hole . the loud music be come from there . we can hear now that it be a annoying child 's show song or heavy metal . we track towards the door ... lyn hesitates then slide back the spy - hole cover and peer in . lyn be p.o.v - a iraqi prisoner sit huddle in the cell , illuminate in the flash of a powerful strobe light overhead . song ( o.s. ) ( lyric from choose song . ) the prisoner look terrify , and despite the whimsical music the whole scene be horribly sinister . lyn step away from the spy-hole . bob ( anxiously ) what ? what be it ? lyn cassady it 's the Dark side . 157 int . army base - tent - day 157 lyn sit on he bed , as low as we have ever see he . Bob watch he , concerned . bob what be you go to do ? lyn stare at the wall . bob ( cont 'd ) lyn ? what be you go to do ? lyn cassady it 's too late ... I be die , Bob . ( continued ) 96 . 157 continued : 157 bob oh , you be not die ! I do not believe you can kill someone with a mail order dim sum . you can not ... lyn cassady dim Mak . bob whatever . I do not believe you can just ... lyn cassady it 's cancer . bob ... just tap someone and ...it ... ( beat ) what ? lyn cassady I mean , I know it be cause by the dim Mak . but ... it 's ... you know ... it 's cancer . that 's what the doctor say . different way of look at ... different name for a reality or , or uh ... he lapse into silence . Bob be stunne . lyn lie down . lyn cassady ( cont 'd ) I should not have come bob. should not have come . lyn pull the eagle feather from the chain around he neck . lyn cassady ( cont 'd ) ... give this back to Bill ... I do not deserve it . Bob stare at he . 158 ext . base - day 158 Bill django sit cross -legge in the sand , drink from a bottle of whiskey , watch the sun set . Bob march up to he , stand awkward but determine . bob I think you should go and see lyn , sir . ( beat ) he need you . Bill do not answer . ( continued ) 97 . 158 continued : 158 bob ( cont 'd ) the man cross a desert to see you again . Bill take a long drink , stare at the sky . Bob watch he with mount frustration . bob ( cont 'd ) you know , he tell I all this storey about Bill django , and I be pretty excited to meet you , but I have gotta tell you ... you be one big disappointment . Bill do not react . Bob start to walk away then turn back , and throw the feather down at Bill 's foot . bob ( cont 'd ) he tell I to give you that back . I do not know why . its suppose to be a mark of honour be not it ? I do not see how you deserve that . beat . Bill turn to look at Bob for the first time . he take a long drink . bill django ( beat ) it be not real . bob what be not ? bill django the feather . twenty thousand dollar fine for take a eagle feather . this one 's off a turkey . you just die the tip black . ( beat ) do not tell lyn . Bill stare at the feather . bill django ( cont 'd ) none of it be real . bob ( angrily ) that be not true . that be not true . he look around for inspiration - notice a lone cloud float in the sky . Bob place he finger on he temple and stare at the cloud , focus , desperate , hopeful ... Bill notice and watch , curious . slowly , the cloud fade and disappear . ( continued ) 98 . 158 continued : ( 2 ) 158 Bob can not believe it . he look at Bill who be stare at he . he have tear in he eye . 159 int . army base - tent - night 159 lyn lie sleep . Larry sit at the foot of he bed , smoking a cigar . he watch lyn for a moment , then cough deliberately . nothing . he repeat the cough - louder . lyn wake . larry hooper oh . do not mean to wake you . the two man stare at each other . larry hooper ( cont 'd ) Heard you be not feel well ? lyn cassady ( beat ) just tired . larry hooper how would you find we ? lyn cassady I tell you . I remote view you . larry hooper ( smiling ) scotty mercer tell you , do not he ? lyn cassady no . larry hooper yeah , he do . we tell scotty we be come over here , ask he if he want some work . lyn cassady I have not see scotty . larry hooper that 's funny , because he tell I he would run into you and mention that there might be some job go with we over here . ( beat ) be not that why you come , really , lyn ? you want back in , do not you ? lyn stare at he , disturb , afraid this might be true . larry hooper ( cont 'd ) it can happen . you have only get to say the word . could be the new Golden Age for psi research . ( more ) ( continued ) 99 . 159 continued : 159 larry hooper ( cont 'd ) you , I and Bill , back together again . just like the old day . Larry close he eye , try to remember something . larry hooper ( cont 'd ) mother Earth , my life support system . as a soldier I must drink you blue water , live inside you red clay and eat you green skin . lyn listen , move despite himself . 160 ext . base - night 160 Bill and Bob stand on a picnic table , under the full moon . Bill be lead Bob through some yoga position . both be drunk . larry hooper ( v.o. ) I pray my boot will always kiss you face and my footstep match you heartbeat . 161 int . army base - tent - night 161 lyn can not help but join in the prayer . larry and lyn carry my body through space and time . you be my connection to the Universe ... 162 ext . base - night 162 Bill and Bob both stand in a difficult position - balanced on one leg . larry and lyn ( v.o. ) ... and all that come after . I be yours and you be mine . as we watch Bill slowly topple forward off the table and crash out of sight below . 163 int . army base - room - night 163 the two man finish the prayer . larry and lyn I salute you . ( continued ) 100 . 163 continued : 163 larry hooper ( beat ) do not make a decision now . tell I in the morning . he pat lyn 's leg , walk out . 164 ext . base - night 164 Bob be hold a concuss Bill who have a cut on he head . bob Bill ? Bill be you okay ? Bill open he eye suddenly . bill django I just see timothy leary . bob ( beat ) timothy leary 's dead . bill django I know . he 's have a idea . 165 int . corridor / kitchen - night 165 Bill and Bob head down the corridor . they pass a soldier . soldier ( saluting ) good evening sir . bill django ( mumbling ) get some ice-cream . they walk on and reach the door to the kitchen . the two man hesitate , look at each other ... then Bob walk in . 166 int . base - canteen - morning 166 psic worker and psyop troops be all eat breakfast together , talk , laugh . Bob and Bill sit drink coffee . lyn appear with a tray and sit down beside Bob . ( continued ) 101 . 166 continued : 166 they eat in silence for a moment . lyn turn to look out of the window to where Larry hooper stand outside in the early morning sun , smoking a cigar and drink coffee . he turn and notice lyn , raise he cup , smile . lyn look troubled . Bob suddenly lean into lyn . bob ( softly ) do not eat the jello . lyn turn to Bob puzzle . lyn cassady ( beat ) what ? bob do not eat the jello . lyn try to puzzle this out but be distract by Larry outside who seem to have notice something in the sand at he foot - a small insect of some kind . he begin to watch it with strange fascination . after a moment he sink to he knee in order to get a better look at it . one of the soldier notice and start to laugh softly . his neighbor look at he as if he 's crazy then begin to laugh himself . lyn look around he , sense the strange atmosphere creep through the room . lyn cassady what 's go on ? bob we put lsd in the jello . lyn turn to stare at he . lyn cassady what ? bob Bill show I where Larry have bottle of lsd . so we put it in the jello mix last night . bill django ( suddenly ) and in the water . Bob turn to stare at he . bob what ? bill django I put it in the main water tank as well . ( continued ) 102 . 166 continued : ( 2 ) 166 Bob stare at he , aghast . bob but ... we have drunk the water . bill django ( thoughtfully ) yeah . he pour himself another coffee . army broadcaster ( o.s. ) ( into microphone ) the weather ? the weather be go to be hot ! through the window we see Larry get on he belly to get a better look at the bug . 167 int . radio station - morning 167 the dj soldier have go off script . a producer be try ineffectually to pull he away from the desk . army broadcaster ( into microphone ) I be guess . I mean , I have not look at the , the thing but I would say it 's go to be fuck hot ! hot. hot. hot . the producer pull and release the dj 's headphone so they slap against he head and start giggle . army broadcaster ( cont 'd ) that hurt greg , you fuck dip - shit . ( laugh too ) you fuckity fuck dip-shit fuck -hole . ( remember something ) hey ! Music ! he hit a button . 168 ext . base - morning 168 close on a loudspeaker - blast a period song out over the base . we boom down to where two soldier be dance , trip . all over the base Soldiers be wander around , talk , some fall to they knee , weak with laughter . some stand alone , stare with a beatific smile at the sky . ( continued ) 103 . 168 continued : 168 as the music play on a stryker armore vehicle drive around the corner of a building , a soldier stand up , arm raise , in the gun turret . the stryker screech into a clumsy skid , the soldier have to hang on . the stryker roar off again , head straight for the gate of the base . soldier ( call down into the vehicle ) you be go to hit the gate . you be go to hit the gate . the stryker veer leave and smashes through the perimeter fence and out into the desert . soldier ( cont 'd ) ( calmly ) it 's okay . you miss they . 169 int . radio station - morning 169 the dj and the producer be wrestle over the sound desk , laugh . 170 int . base - corridor 170 Bob and Bill walk towards the cell block . bob ( angry ) do not you think it might have be more sensible if we have not drunk the fuck water ? bill django that might have arouse suspicion . but do not worry . over the year I have build up a massive tolerance to all narcotic . 171 int . cell - morning 171 a iraqi prisoner look up startle as the door to the cell be flung open and Bill stand , fill the doorway , bare - chest , wild - eye and wild -haire . bill django in the name of the New Earth Army and loving people everywhere I be liberate this base ! 104 . 172 int . goat shed - morning 172 lyn slide open the door to the shed and begin to shoo the goat out into the light . 173 ext . base - later 173 as the music continue Bob , lyn and Bill appear lead a column of nervous iraqi prisoner out of the building , towards the gate . lyn and Bill be hold baby goat in they arm . a trip Bob be hold bunch of flower - it 's as close as they can get to the illustration from the New Earth Army manual . lyn hold up a hand to stop the procession . Larry stand in front of they , a gun in he hand , he face blank . lyn and Larry stare at each other . then , unexpectedly , Larry start to cry . lyn cassady ( softly ) give I the gun Larry . Larry start to raise the gun to he mouth . pause . scratch he head . larry hooper wow . I be hungry . he wander off . army dj ( o.s. ) ( over loudspeaker , laughing ) hey ! more music ! ( muffle ) get off , will ya ? over the loud-speaker we hear the open of a period song . lyn cassady ( beat , relieved ) okay , let 's go . 174 flattened section of fence 174 Bob and lyn stand at one side , Bill at the other , beckone the prisoner through , hugging the prisoner as they pass through . lyn cassady we be very sorry . ma'assalama . ( continued ) 105 . 174 continued : 174 one by one the Iraqis walk out through the break fence , stare around they suspiciously , expect a trap . nothing happen , no one shoot they . lyn cassady ( cont 'd ) ( waving ) that 's it . keep go . ma'assalama . the Iraqis start to hurry away over the sand . Beyond they we can the stryker , drive in circle in the desert , a naked soldier stand whooping on top . 175 ext . base - later 175 Bob , trip heavily , be stare with fascination at the sand trickle through he finger . suddenly we hear the building whine of the helicopter engine start up . Bob look up , puzzle . 176 helicopter 176 Bill and lyn sit in the chopper , Bill at the control . lyn be hold the flower . Bob appear , hurry over . bob ( calling ) wait ! wait for I ! where be you go ... what about the mission ? lyn cassady ( over the sound of the engine ) you be the mission Bob ! you be the mission ! tell they what happen ! the helicopter begin to rise . Bob stand sway , stare up . lyn smile sadly through the window , raise he hand . the helicopter rise - higher and higher . Bob wave goodbye . bob ( v.o. ) at the time I be hurt that lyn have not take I with he . but now I know it be because he and Bill have already see what be to come . 106 . 177 ext . desert - day 177 as the helicopter fly off into the blue . bob ( v.o. ) nobody know exactly what happen . the official story be that they helicopter must have crash , either because they be hit by a rpg or because ... well , that 's what happen when you fly a helicopter while you be trip on acid . all I know be they have never be see since . like all shaman they return to the sky . the helicopter disappear altogether . dissolve to : 178 int . michigan apartment - evening 178 week later . Bob sit type , frown with concentration . bob ( v.o. ) when I get back home I write the story up . everything . 179 ext . outside bob be old house - evening 179 Bob sit in he car stare at he old home , across the road . through the window we can see Bob 's ex- wife debora , eat dinner with Bob 's ex - editor - Dave . bob ( v.o. ) I send it to the newspaper , the radio station , the tv station , because that be what lyn want I to do . the people need to know . 180 int . bob' apartment - evening 180 Bob sit watch a today style show on tv . bob ( v.o. ) I be ready for whatever they would do to I . I be ready to disappear . I be ready to go to prison . I be a jedi and I be fight for the New Earth Army . ( more ) ( continued ) 107 . 180 continued : 180 bob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) but they do not put I in prison . they do something much worse . on tv news anchor ( chuckling ) and finally , US force in Iraq be use what some be call a cruel and unusual tool to break the resistance of iraqi pow , and many parent would agree ! some prisoner be be force to listen to barney the purple dinosaur sing the I Love you song . I think after a hour of that they will spill the bean ! do not you ? let 's go outside to Al for the weather . Bob watch , ashen . 181 int . newspaper office - day 181 Bob be work for another small town newspaper . he sit at he desk , stare fixedly ahead at the wall . bob ( v.o. ) that be it . that be the only bit of my story that run anywhere . and it be a joke . and if I ever need proof of how the Dark side have take the beautiful dream of what a nation could be and have twisted it , destroy it , that be it . Bob stand up . he start to walk down the office , he face set with grim determination . bob' editor Bob ? bob ( v.o. ) but I will not stop . I will not give up . Bob quicken he pace . bob ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) because when I look at what be happen in the world , I know that now , more than ever , we need to become all that we can be . Bob be run . ( continued ) 108 . 181 continued : 181 bob ( cont 'd ) now , more than ever , we need the supermen . Bob rush towards the wall . just as he be about to hit it we freeze frame . we hear the open of a period song . black the end