brooklyn by Nick hornby yellow script 24th April 2014 adapted from the novel by colm toibin ( c ) 2014 finola dwyer & amanda posey wildgaze film Ltd 53 Greek Street London w1d 3dr T : +44 ( 0) 20 7734 7065 F : +44 ( 0) 20 7734 4250 E : bennett@wildgaze.co.uk ext . STREET . pre -dawn 1 a quiet , work - class residential street in Ireland , early 1950s . it 's morning , but it 's still dark . one of the front door open , and out slip eilis - early twenty , open - face pretty without know it . she close the door quietly behind she and walk quickly up the street . there be a hiss call from behind she . she turn , and she sister rose - thirty , attractive , slender , pale - be run after she , in nightdress and bare foot , hold out a piece of bread and jam . eilis take it from she , make a face to show how grateful she be . eilis ( mouth ) go back to bed . Rose nod , tiptoe back to the house . credit int . church . day 2 it 's the early mass , and the church have only a smatter of worshipper . eilis be kneel and praying with two other woman : miss kelly , fifty , thick glass , a constant look of disapproval on she face , and mary , the same age as eilis , but large and simple - minded - she mouth be usually open , indicate she lack of comprehension at more or less any give moment . eilis yawn . miss Kelly shoot she a look . chasten , eilis stifles the yawn and look fixedly ahead . ext . kelly shop STREET . day 3 finally , there be weak daylight . Mary and eilis wait while miss Kelly find she key and open the side - door to she shop . this be clearly not a normal morning for eilis - she have something on she mind . she watch miss Kelly carefully , try to judge the right moment to speak to she . the door open , Mary walk into the shop , leave miss Kelly and eilis bring up the rear . eilis ( suddenly ) miss Kelly , might I talk to you later ? miss kelly not if what you be go to say will cause trouble for I in some way or another . end of conversation . eilis close she eye for a moment , fearful of the confrontation to come . ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 2 . int . kelly shop . day 4 miss Kelly turn on the light , and we see the shop for the first time . it 's a well - stock , and well - keep , grocery store , but it almost certainly have not change since the 1920 . eilis walk to the back of the shop to collect the bread , which have obviously be there since the previous day , and place it on the counter . while miss Kelly take a piece of long , yellow paper out of its packet , Mary place a ladder carefully under the old piece , which be stick to the ceiling and cover with the body of dead fly . later . a male customer be buy a single cigarette from eilis . miss Kelly be peer through the shop window from a angle . miss kelly the nine o'clock mass be over , girl . here they come . later . the shop be pack - customer stand three or four deep at the counter . eilis and Mary be cope as best they can ; miss Kelly be direct they , in a way design to cause maximum resentment . miss Kelly spy a well - dress woman stand well back , and smile at she . miss kelly Mrs brady , what would you like this morning ? mrs brady half -a-dozen rasher , please . miss kelly of course . eilis will get that for you now . eilis be about to serve a shabbier woman stand right in front of the counter . eilis look at she helplessly . shabby woman ( aggrieve ) I be next . miss kelly and you still be . Mary , if you serve Mr o'leary back there , will you make a mess of it ? I suppose you will . let 's see . Mary be stung by the barb . miss Kelly do not notice and do not care anyway . mary Mr o'leary ? ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 3 . continued : 4 Mr o'leary , like Mrs brady , be well towards the back of the scrum . miss Kelly 's favouritism seem design to cause resentment and frustration , but the customer seem use to she arbitrary treatment of they , and there be no outward sign of dissent . miss Kelly turn she attention to a timid - look woman stand right in front of she . miss kelly yes ? timid woman ( quietly ) I need some shoe polish . miss kelly shoe polish ? ah , but that 's not really a Sunday item , now , be it ? this people need thing for they dinner or they tea . why could not you have remember yesterday ? miss Kelly lean over the counter to stare at the timid woman 's shoe . the timid woman stare at the counter , humiliate . miss kelly because it look like you need it yesterday . timid woman I be sorry . miss Kelly sigh deeply , shake she head , and go to find the offend item . int . kelly shop . late afternoon 5 miss Kelly lock the door of the shop behind the last customer . eilis stop tidy up and wait until the door be lock before speak . eilis miss Kelly ... miss kelly ( tetchy ) I have not forget . spit it out , whatever it be . eilis I be .. I be away to America . miss Kelly like to think she know everything , but this give she pause . she soon recover . ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 4 . continued : 5 miss kelly ( scornful ) whose idea be that ? eilis Father flood in New York arrange it . Rose use to play golf with he , when he live here . he sponsor I . he ... he find I a job , and get I a visa , and .. miss kelly well , we will not be need you back here . eilis I do not sail for a month . I could work every Sunday until I go . miss kelly I shall want to train a new girl up straight away . eilis but I could help . miss kelly no , thank you . she start to turn she back on eilis , but she have one last thing to say . miss kelly you poor sister . eilis ( surprised ) my sister ? miss kelly oh , mother be always be leave behind in this country . but Rose ... that 's the end for she , be not it ? she will be look after you mother for the rest of she life . this time she do turn she back and walk away . ext . nancy 's house . night 6 eilis be knock at the door of a house not dissimilar to she own . she scarcely have time to complete a second knock , and the door fly open . ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 5 . continued : 6 her friend nancy , already wear she coat , smile at eilis , pull the door shut behind she , and start walk off down the street with eilis trail in she wake . ext . STREET . night 7 Nancy and eilis walk arm -in - arm down the street . now we can get a chance to look at Nancy properly : she 's staggeringly pretty , film -star pretty . it help that she 's dress up and make up to go out - eilis look a little want by comparison , even though she 's make a effort too - but even so , she 's a stunner . eilis you look beautiful , Nancy . nancy thank you . eilis you look so beautiful it make I despair of this place . Nancy laugh . nancy why ? eilis you be the prettiest girl in County wexford . you should be able to choose any man you want . and we be hope that George sheridan from the rugby club look you way . the scornful way she emphasise the social institution suggest that she do not think he 's much of a catch . nancy ( sufficiently excited to miss the point ) do you think he might ? eilis of course he will . I know you like he , Nancy , but he 's not Gary Cooper , be he ? and that boy , with they hair- oil and they blazer .. she shudder she distaste . nancy he have beautiful eye . ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 5a . continued : 7 eilis and he 's go to come into a beautiful shop in the market Square . nancy ( change the subject ) why do not you wear you blue dress ? now it be eilis 's turn to look a little discomfite . eilis be you ask why I do not make more of a effort ? ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 6 . continued : 7 they have reach the small hall where the dance they be attend be take place . they join a small queue to get in - all girl . nancy what if one of the boy from the rugby club ask you to dance ? would not you like the pleasure of tell he it 's too late ? they laugh . int . dance hall . night 8 Nancy and eilis be lean against the wall sip lemonade . there be not many man this early in the evening , and the dance - floor be almost desert . suddenly there be a buzz from the girl scattered around the place . eilis 's eye be draw to the same place as everyone else 's : to the door . a group of young man , dress almost identically , and just as eilis describe - blazer and hair-oil - be come in . one of they be jim , who we will meet much later . this young man exude a confidence border on arrogance - they be hard to like en masse - and consequently the uniform look slightly sinister . they ignore everyone in the room and make they way to the soft drink bar . eilis roll she eye . Nancy be blush . later . Nancy and eilis be still wait . eilis be watch the rugby club boy , Nancy be look anywhere but . the camera pick out George , who be tall , confident , as oily as he friend - and no Gary Cooper . eilis he 's look over here twice already . nancy he have not ! eilis he 's walk over here now . nancy ( still look the other way ) he 's not ! he be . we see he . Nancy , however , still have she back to he . eilis ( impatient ) why would I keep lie to you about what George sheridan 's do ? ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 7 . continued : 8 George arrive . he nod at Nancy . GEORGE would you like to dance ? Nancy be almost too nervous to nod she head . moment later . George and Nancy on the dance floor . over they shoulder the camera pick up eilis , make she way towards the door , hold she coat . a couple of the rugby clubber whisper and snigger as they watch she leave . int . dine room , eilis 's house . evening 9 it 's eilis 's last night at home . eilis , she mother mary and she sister Rose , be eat , initially in silence . the sound of cutlery hit crockery only serve to emphasise the tension and the sadness of the evening . eilis keep sneaking glance at the rest of she family , try to gauge how unhappy they be . there 's no outward trace . Rose and she mother be both concentrate on they food , determine to give nothing away . eventually eilis have to say what be on she mind . eilis ( quietly ) I wish I have write to Father flood about you , Rose . rose I ? I have a job . you have a couple of hour on a Sunday work for nettles Kelly . mary ( mildly disapprove ) you should not call she that . rose I think it 's quite a kind name . consider she 's actually a terrible old witch . Mary make a scandalise face . eilis I do not want to spend my last evening talk about she . rose good . but nobody know what they do want to talk about . ( continued ) 10 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 8 . continued : 9 mary they say it 's hotter there in the summer , and colder in the winter . Mary put she knife and fork down despairingly . mary ( with deep but clearly displace anxiety ) what in Heaven 's name will she do about clothes ? rose she 'il buy they , mother . mary she do not want to be waste she money on clothes . rose she will not have much choice . she 'il be there ... she stop herself from finish the sentence . a even deeper and unhappier silence fall on the table . int . eilis 's bedroom . night 10 Close on a old and very large suitcase . it 's about two - third full of eilis 's thing . pull back to show Rose and eilis peer into it . eilis ( wry ) there . it be not so hard to decide after all . rose be that really everything you own ? oh , eilis . I should have look after you better . I should have take you shopping twice a year , summer and winter . eilis you have buy most of the clothes in this case . that 's one of the reason I be go , because I can not buy my own . rose if it be just that , I would spend every penny I have on you , gladly . but I can not buy you a future . I can not buy you the kind of life you need . ( continued ) 10 11 12 13 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 9 . continued : 10 eilis ( whisper ) I know . ( beat ) but you 's 1ll come to see I there one day ? rose yes . eilis and you will look after yourself ? rose you do not have to worry about I . eilis and I 'il come home to visit , will not I ? because I could not bear it if ... Rose have to stop this , because she can not bear it either . rose you have not pack you shoe yet . they will take up a bit of room . ext . liner . day 11 eilis be wedge at the deck -rail of a large passenger liner , along with a lot of other emigre , she large suitcase in front of she . among the crowd on the dock below she be Rose and Mary . there be a lot of tear , from passenger and the people they be leave behind . Rose and Mary , however , like eilis , be keep everything in . the ship blast its horn to announce its imminent departure ; everyone jump and laugh nervously , and the wave become more frantic . Rose and Mary , however , suddenly turn away from the boat and push through the crowd . Rose look back helplessly and blow eilis a kiss . eilis watch the back of the two of they until they disappear out of sight . int . staircase , liner . day 12 eilis bump she case down the narrow step deep in the bowel of the boat . she reach a corridor and examine the sign on the wall direct passenger to they berth . she have to descend still deeper into the boat . int . cabin . day 13 eilis 's cabin be tiny and windowless , and she have to share it with someone : there be two bunk bed . she wedge she suitcase into a available space . she open the bathroom door . the bathroom be tiny . it contain a toilet and a sink . ( continued ) 13 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 10 . continued : 13 there be another door , apparently lead into the next cabin . a sign on the door say ' unlock when not in use 's . eilis push it open and see two middle - age woman unpack . eilis sorry . she shut it again quickly . she do not know what to do , so lie down on the bottom bunk with she hand behind she head , stare . she close she eye , but suddenly the cabin door burst open and a glamorous blonde , late thirty , bustles in to the room with a large trunk . this be georgina , she cabin - mate . georgina off ! eilis sit up and stare at she , uncomprehend . georgina wave a ticket at she . georgina ( cont ’d ) number one . bottom bunk . that 's mine . you be on the top . eilis scramble up the ladder to she bed . she can not sit up - the ceiling be too low - so she have to lie down , and be therefore unable to make eye-contact with georgina throughout the scene . georgina this be hell . never again . eilis ( try to be friendly ) never again to America ? georgina the mistake be come home from America in the first place . I would do anything to get out of this horrible cabin , and I mean anything . let 's go for a smoke . eilis I do not . georgina roll she eye . georgina suit yourself . i’1l see you later . unless I find a nice man in first to smoke with . she bustles out . 14 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 10a . int . dine room . night 14 eilis be on she own in the third class dining room . she be eat a plate of very brown and very unappetise - look mutton stew . she eat as much as she can , although a lot of the meat be gristle , which she have to extract from she mouth with a napkin , as discreetly as possible . ( continued ) 14 15 16 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 11 . continued : 14 she finish , dab she mouth with the napkin . the under - employ waiter come over immediately to clear away she plate . waiter it 's good to see that not everybody 's put off they dinner by the weather forecast . eilis look at he blankly . waiter ( cont 'd ) ( cheerful ) it 's suppose to be a rough one tonight , so none of the other passenger be eat . a few spoonfuls of soup , maybe , but not the mutton stew . comprehension dawns . eilis look stricken . int . cabin . night 15 eilis be stand in she nightgown , clutching she toothbrush and toothpaste . she be wait outside the lock bathroom . she tap on the door . nothing . she wait a few moment . she put she ear to the door , but the only noise come from the ship engine - in third class , a loud , deep constant . she grimace suddenly , and close she eye . she 's sweat . she knock on the bathroom door again . eilis ( to the door ) oh , please unlock it . she can not wait any longer . she stumble out into the corridor look for a toilet ... int . corridor . night 16 .-- nothing . she try to go upstairs to the second class cabin , but the door at the bottom of the stair be lock . she 's desperate now . in a alcove of the corridor , she see a mop and bucket . she pick up the bucket , ready to throw up in it - but as soon as she do so , she realise that she problem be at the other end . she put the bucket on the floor , squat over it . she look around desperately for something to wipe herself with , but there be only the mop . she hate herself , and everything that have lead to she be here . she start to throw up . 17 18 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 12. int . cabin . night 17 eilis come back in , hold the mop and the bucket . she knock on the bathroom door again . no answer , but this time she hear the sound of retching . she puke into the bucket . for a moment there be a little contrapuntal symphony of retching . int . cabin . day 18 eilis be asleep on the bottom bunk . Close on she face - green - tinged , sweaty . a hand touch she face , and eilis open she eye . it 's georgina . eilis I be so sorry about the smell . and the bucket . georgina ( gently ) oh , do not worry . the whole boat stink . even first class . I have just be throw out of there , by the way , so you will have I throw up in here too . eilis the bathroom door be lock all night . georgina ( angry on eilis 's behalf ) oh , that bastard . that 's what people do . they keep the bathroom for themselves on rough night . we will fix they . she fish in a handbag and find a nail - file . deftly , she unlock the bathroom door . there 's nobody in there . quickly , she pull she trunk into the bathroom and jam it against the door on the other side . there be now no room in front of the toilet . georgina it will not be very comfortable . but at least it 's ours now . they smile at each other . almost immediately there be a furious knock on the bathroom door . georgina hurl herself against the door with a fury . georgina fuck off ! do you hear I ? fuck off ! if you have be nice last night , we would have play fair . ( more ) ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 13 . 18 continued : 18 georgina ( cont 'd ) but now you have get no toilet for five day , you bastard . eilis laugh , and then wince . georgina go on , you can use it . I be go to get we some water . that 's all you be allow . you 'il bring it all up again , but you will not feel so bad . and you will be right as rain after a night 's sleep . 19 int . cabin . day 19 georgina come into the cabin . eilis emerge from the shower , drying herself . she 's look better . georgina ( mock-dramatic ) we have a peace treaty . eilis with next door ? georgina yes . they have give they solemn word never to lock the bathroom door when they be not use it . they know they be out of they depth with I . the woman smile at each other . georgina ( cont ’d ) be you go to America to live ? eilis yes . georgina you have papers and everything ? eilis yes . and a job . georgina you have family there ? eilis no . a beat . ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 14 . 19 continued : 19 georgina well . you 'il make friend easy enough . where will you be stay ? eilis in Brooklyn . New York . georgina smile wrily . georgina ah . well , try and remember that sometimes it 's nice to meet people who do not know you auntie . just every now and again . 20 ext . deck . day 20 eilis and georgina be lean on the rail of the third - class deck , look out to sea . eilis I have not be sick for hour . georgina it 's nice , be not it ? eilis I be very hungry . georgina that 's why you have not be sick for hour . we can eat soon . maybe tomorrow . 21 int . canteen . night 21 georgina and eilis eat in the canteen . the journey be nearly over , so there be more diner now . both woman look tired and pale . georgina study eilis . georgina oh , dear . we ’1ll have to do something with you . they 's 1ll put you in quarantine or something if you try to enter the country look like that . 22 int . cabin . night 22 georgina be pull clothes out of eilis 's case . georgina nothing fancy . you must not look like a tart . ( continued ) 22 23 24 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 15 . continued : 22 she carry on pull the plain-look clothes out of the case . georgina ( cont ’d ) oh. well . look like a tart be not go to be a problem . she find a white dress with a red floral pattern . georgina ( cont ’d ) that 's not too bad . eilis my sister give I that . georgina wear it with this ... she find a plain cardigan . georgina ( cont ’d ) and this . she pull out a plain scarf . int . immigration centre . day 23 eilis be in the queue to get in to the immigration centre , look anxiously ahead of she . her compatriot , man and woman and child , be all around she . she be wear make - up , and she look very different - much less naive . over she shoulder , we see a vista of the manhattan skyline . eilis stare at it for a little while , wide - eye . georgina ( v.o. ) do not look too innocent . I x11 put some rouge and mascara on you . and perhaps some eye-liner . int . immigration centre . day 24 eilis inside , approach the official . we watch with she as a family be in the process of be turn away : a man , he wife , a toddler and a baby . the woman ( and baby ) be cry , the man distraught . they be clearly poor : the man 's boot have hole in they . georgina ( v.o. ) Polish you shoe , and do not cough , whatever you do . and stand up straight . eilis remember to stand tall . she 's look at all the people around she , and the hard - luck storey they represent . ( continued ) 24 25 26 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 16 . continued : 24 a few minute later . eilis be show she papers to the official . georgina ( v.o. ) do not be rude , or pushy , but do not look nervous . it 's as if eilis remember the advice even as we be hearing it : she suddenly lift she eye from the official 's shoulder towards a point ahead of he - towards America . georgina ( v.o. ) think like a american . you have to know where you be go . the official hand eilis she papers back and usher she through . she walk towards the light on the other side , and suddenly the sun blanch out everything ; we just see a silhouette , walk into nowhere . ext . mrs . kehoe 's STREET . early evening 25 eilis be struggle with she suitcase down a dimly - light Brooklyn residential street . int . dine room , mrs . kehoe 's house . evening 26 round a dining table in a basement kitchen be five girl , include eilis , and a middle - age lady . this be the impeccably - dress landlady of eilis 's lodging - house in Brooklyn , mrs kehoe . the girl be stand and hold hand , while Mrs kehoe say grace , so we get a good look at they . two of the girl - patty and diana - be young and attractive . Patty be the only native american in the house - the rest be irish . Patty and diana be a double - act , firm friend and quick to defend each other . sheila be older , glamorous in a femme fatale way , with a chequere history . there be constant tension between Patty and diana on one side and Sheila on the other . miss mcadam be prim , plain , bespectacle , severe - look and from belfast . mrs kehoe bless we , oh Lord , and this thy gift which we be about to receive from thy bounty through Christ we Lord , amen . miss mcadam amen . Patty and diana exchange glance and try not to laugh at miss mcadam 's piety . everyone sit down to eat . ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 17 . 26 continued : 26 mrs kehoe I see you have a letter today , diana . any news ? diana Mr de valera have have another operation on he eye , she say . he 's be in Holland . mrs kehoe ( dismissively ) I do not want news I can read in a newspaper . sheila ( artfully ) anyway , we would describe Mr de valera as '' politics '' , would we not , Mrs kehoe ? and we do not like politics at the dinner table . her firmness be parodic - she 's make fun of Mrs kehoe , who seem not to notice . mrs kehoe we do not . diana ( aggrieve ) it 's not politics , to talk about eye operation . mrs kehoe it be if the eye belong to a politician . and I do not like to talk about hospital very much , either . Patty , have you have any luck with that cold cream ? patty no , Mrs kehoe . it still have not come in . I ask miss Tyler in cosmetics . and I show she the advertisement . mrs kehoe I do not want to have to travel all the way to Manhattan for a jar of cold cream . maybe you could have a look in bartocci 's for I , eilis ? eilis yes , Mrs kehoe . sheila oh , bartocci 's be bound to have it . ( continued ) 26 27 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 18. continued : 26 Patty roll she eye . Mrs kehoe there be diana she do not know for sure , Mrs kehoe . she 's say that bartocci 's be a better store than webster 's , just to get at Patty . mrs kehoe they be both very good , and you girl be lucky to be work there . eilis , from the look of you , you have greasy skin , be that right ? what do you do about that ? eilis ( embarrassed ) just ... well , I wash it , Mrs kehoe . with soap . miss mcadam there 's nothing wrong with soap . soap be good enough for we Lord . I expect . mrs kehoe and which brand do he use , miss mcadam ? do the Bible tell you that ? diana and we Lord be a man , anyway . he do not care about greasy skin . shake she head in disbelief . mrs kehoe ( sternly ) lady . no more talk about we Lord 's complexion at dinner , please . ( beat ) Girls , you will help eilis find something suitable , will not you ? enthusiastic murmuring of consent . eilis try to look pleased . int . bedroom . night 27 eilis in the dark in she small bedroom , try to sleep . it 's hot , and the house be alive with noise , even late at night . there be footstep on the ceiling above she , and the sound of a lavatory chain flush through the wall . down the hallway , there be the sound of a whisper conversation between two of the girl . eilis give up on sleep , open she eye properly and stare at the ceiling . 28 29 30 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 19 . ext . mrs kehoe 's STREET . day 28 early morning . eilis shutting the door of Mrs kehoe 's brownstone behind she . she walk up the quiet street . ext . fulton STREET . day 29 the camera pick eilis out in the bustle of people . she 's wait to cross the road ; on the other side be bartocci 's , the department store where she work . int . staff room , bartocci 's. day 30 eilis take she clock card from the holder in the wall , put it in the machine , wait for the heavy thud of the punch , put the card back in the holder . she walk to she locker , put on the blue uniform that all the female shop assistant wear . as she change , a colleague , dorothy - the same age as eilis , but chattier , - and cattier - start to change at the locker next to hers . dorothy hi . eilis good morning . they change in silence for a couple of moment . dorothy do you go out last night ? eilis look at she blankly . dorothy laugh . dorothy out . the opposite of in . eilis no. dorothy I go to see a movie with my boyfriend . eilis carry on change . dorothy become exasperate by eilis 's lack of engagement , and embark on both side of the conversation . dorothy '' what do you see , dorothy ? '' '' I see ' the quiet man’ , eilis . they film it in Ireland . '' '' oh , I be from Ireland . '' '' I know you be . that 's why I think you might be interested . '' ( continued ) 30 31 32 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 20 . continued : 30 eilis ( sincerely ) thank you . eilis finish change and walk out of the room . dorothy watch she go . omitted 31 int . bartocci 's. day 32 Close on a small metal case with a hinge door on one end . we see eilis 's hand put cash and a docket into the holder , and close the door . eilis push the holder firmly into a tube , and it whizze up to the ceiling . the camera follow the tube system a little way and then pull back , to reveal the woman 's department of a beautiful 1950s department store in all its quiet , dignify splendour - lot of dark wood , lot of lovingly - arrange item of clothing . very few of we have ever see , or can remember properly , a store like this , but we ache for its loss anyway . eilis be stand behind the counter , smile pleasantly at a customer , a middle - age white woman . eilis should not be a moment . they wait in silence . a few yard away , and unnotice by eilis initially , stand eilis 's supervisor miss fortini - thirtysomething , utterly devote to the store . she 's watch eilis carefully . finally eilis spot she . miss fortini clearly make she uncomfortable . eilis try to maker herself look busy . she put the stock that the woman have buy into a bag , and then start to write something down on a docket . unseen by the customer , miss fortini tell eilis in mime to speak and to smile . eilis freeze even more . miss fortini step towards she . eilis ( in a rush ) be it still hot out there ? I have not be outside since this morning but I can tell that it might be . very . it just .. look it . she end this awkward little speech with a force smile , but it 's enough to ward off miss fortini , who switch she attention elsewhere for a moment , to eilis 's visible relief . customer it 's warm , yes . ( continued ) 32 33 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 21 . continued : 32 the metal tube return with a whoosh and a clank . eilis extract the change and the docket , and hand both to the customer . the moment she have go , miss fortini return . miss fortini remember : if people like it here , they 's 11 come back . eilis nod , as if miss fortini have say something deep , or interesting . miss fortini so you treat every customer as if she 's a new friend . be that a deal ? eilis I will try . miss fortini ( gently ) it 's not a matter of try . it 's what you have to do . ( beat ) do you try to wear panty every day ? the analogy be slightly off , inappropriate , and eilis be throw for a moment . eilis no . I mean , I do not try . i.. I just put they on . miss fortini you see what I be say ? eilis yes . miss fortini good. int . diner . day 33 lunch time . while eilis eat she grill cheese sandwich at the counter , she watch she fellow diner - male colleague smoking and joke , girlfriend talk animatedly , people on they own read the newspaper . everyone seem to know what they be do there except eilis - everyone seem comfortable in they own skin , absorb in they environment . eilis look anxious and uncomfortable and lose . she finish she sandwich , swallow as quickly as she can , catch the eye of the young , handsome waiter . eilis could I have the bill please ? ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 22 . 33 continued : 33 waiter I hope that when I go through the pearly gate , the first sound I hear be you ask I for the bill in that lovely irish brogue . eilis smile nervously . she leave some money on the counter and stand up to leave . waiter see you tomorrow , sweetheart . eilis give a quick , thin smile and walk out . 34 ext . STREET . day 34 eilis come out of the lunch joint and exhales . 35 int . dine room , mrs . kehoe 's house . evening . 35 the girl and Mrs kehoe be eat dinner , in exactly the same formation as the first time we see they . mrs kehoe have they tell you a date for the nylon sale yet , eilis ? we have never have a bartocci 's girl live here . ( she tap she nose ) we may get some inside information . eilis I have not be tell anything . patty I nil bet you would not let on if you have . diana she 's that sort . more loyal to she boss than to she friend . patty like a Red spy . eilis be flustered . sheila ( wearily ) oh , dear God . mrs kehoe I ' 1l thank you to keep his name out of a conversation about nylon , thank you very much . ( more ) ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 23 . 35 continued : 35 mrs kehoe ( cont 'd ) he might be everywhere , but he 's not in bartocci 's on sale day . sheila I be sorry , Mrs kehoe . they all settle back down . mrs kehoe I be glad to see you finally get some letter from home today , eilis . eilis look up from she plate as if electrocute . eilis do I ? i.. I forget to check . she half -stand - she can not wait . mrs kehoe they 'il still be there after dinner . eilis oh . yes . I be sorry . 36 int . bedroom . evening 36 the door burst open and eilis come rush in , clutching she letter . she sit down on the bed , and tear the first one open . as soon as she start read she begin to weep uncontrollably . we hear rose 's voice . rose ( v.0o ) the big news here be that since you leave , mummy have stop shopping at nettles Kelly 's . 36a int . office . day . 36a Rose be at she desk , write to eilis . rose ( v.o . ) as you know , she bread be not always fresh , and she overcharge for everything . and she 's awful . 36b int . bedroom . evening . 36 B Rose 's voice fade out . eilis 's cry reach a new level - she have to stop read because she can no longer see . the banal domestic detail of she old life intensify she homesickness to a agonise pitch . 37 38 39 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 24 . int . dine room , mrs . kehoe 's house , day 37 the girl be eat they breakfast and ignore eilis , who be still read and re-read she letter . she 's not cry , but she 's pale and unhappy -look . mary ( v.o. ) I have not tell she to she face . there 's no need . she know that she overcharge and she bread 's not fresh . int . diner . day 38 eilis at what be obviously she usual position in the diner . her sandwich and glass of milk be untouched in front of she . she 's read the letter again . rose ( v.o. ) we talk about you every evening , of course . we want to know everything . I be sure you be busy , but even if you letter be two hundred page , they would not be long enough for you mother . take care of yourself . Love . int . bartocci 's. day 39 eilis at she counter . her customary look of timidity have be replace by something altogether more despair , and as she serve a customer , she be quite clearly struggle for composure . miss fortini watch from a distance . the customer take she purchase and leave . miss fortini walk up to she . miss fortini be it you time of the month ? eilis shake she head . miss fortini ( cont ’d ) so what be it ? eilis can not stop the tear . she shake she head again . miss fortini ( cont ’d ) you can not carry on like this . you must either cheer up , or pretend to cheer up . take some time off now . go and sit in the staff room . 40 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 25 . int . staff room . day 40 eilis sit on she own in the large , shabby staff room , full of overflow ashtray and coffee-cup with lipstick ring on they . she 's still hold she glass of water . dorothy , she colleague , come in . dorothy I forget something . she rummages , in a desultory fashion , through a pile of newspaper and magazine on a table . dorothy ( cont 'd ) I hear you pull a stunt . Nice work if you can get it , sit on a chair in the staff room sip a glass of water . the door open , and miss fortini come into the room with father flood . Father flood be bearded , pleasant - look , clearly trustworthy . he smile warmly at eilis . father flood I be so sorry , eilis . this be all my fault . eilis look at he , surprised . Father flood be about to continue , but he look at dorothy first . father flood ( cont ’d ) would you give we a moment ? thank you . dorothy leave , throw eilis a look . miss fortini note it . father flood ( cont ’d ) I would be lead to believe that you do not need look after . franco bartocci say you be do great here . ma kehoe say you be the nicest lodger she would ever have ... eilis smile . father flood what ? eilis ma kehoe ! miss fortini , observe the slight uplift in eilis 's mood , slip out of the room . father flood do not ever call she that to she face . ( more ) ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 26 . continued : 40 father flood ( cont 'd ) but I would forget just how bad it feel to be away from home . do you spend every second think about give up here and go back ? eilis nod vehemently . father flood ( cont ’d ) but at the same time , you know you can not , because there 's nothing there . it would be the end of you . she say nothing . father flood ( cont ’d ) I have enrol you in a night class . for book -keep . Brooklyn College , the best there be . it will be three night a week , but you will get a good qualification at the end of it . and I have pay you tuition for the first semester . eilis look at he wonderingly . eilis why ? Father flood smile . father flood '' why ? '' not , '' thank you '' ? eilis look stricken . eilis I be sorry . thank you . but ... why ? Father flood think for a moment . father flood I be amaze that someone as clever as you could not find proper work . I have be here too long : I forget what it 's like in Ireland . so when you sister write to I about you , I say that the Church would try to help . anyway , we need irish girl in Brooklyn . eilis I wish I could stop feel that I want to be a irish girl in Ireland . ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 27 . 40 continued : 40 father flood all I can say be that it will pass . homesickness be like most sickness . it will make you feel wretch , and then it will move on to somebody else . eilis think about this , and nod decisively . 4l int . brooklyn college . night 41 eilis listen to a lecture in she night class . she 's absorb , anxious , furiously take note . she be the only woman in the class ; the man be all either jewish or italian . the lecturer , mr rosenblum , be in he forty , bespectacle , and wear a skull - cap . he 's animated by he subject , but it 's clear that most of the class be despairingly perplex . mr rosenblum now , Taylor versus Standard Gas co be one of the most important corporate case decide in the Supreme Court in the last twenty year . this be the case responsible for the deep rock doctrine , so it 's maybe the biggest milestone in parent - subsidiary law . in public utility integration proceedings alone ... he stop , look at he student , to emphasise the point he be make . mr rosenblum ( cont ’d ) .. literally thousand of investor may be affect by its application . we see a close - up of eilis 's pad : she 's underline the word ' literally thousand 's . 42 int . brooklyn college - corridor . night 42 eilis be sit outside the lecture room on a wooden bench , while the other student stretch they limb and yawn . she 's eat a sandwich . a young jewish man be sit a few foot away from she , do the same thing . he look at she . young man do you understand any of that ? I mean , a single word ? eilis , eat , shake she head , cover she mouth with she hand , laugh . ( continued ) 42 43 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 28 . continued : 42 eilis he 's not even read from a book . he just know all this . he stand up . young man let 's hope the next hour be easier . he smile at she and go back into the hall as eilis cram the last remain crust into she mouth . int . dine room , mrs . kehoe 's house . evening 43 dinner time , all the girl and they landlady , the usual formation . miss mcadam , the battle - axe from belfast , be hold forth . miss mcadam one of the thing that ruin Christmas in America be the turkey . it all taste of sawdust . mrs kehoe so that 's one cheese sandwich for miss mcadam , and extra turkey for everyone else . the girl snigger ; diana bray . mrs kehoe ( cont 'd ) lady , please . eilis , Father flood tell I about you Christmas plan . diana oh , you be not serve lunch to the old fella who have get nowhere to go , be you ? he ask we every year , and we always say no . sheila you be a saint , eilis . they smell awful . patty Sheila know how they smell because that 's where she go husband - hunt . diana bray again . mrs kehoe as I can not stand to hear diana laugh again , I would appreciate it if you keep you witticism to yourself , Patty . ( more ) ( continued ) 43 44 45 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 29 . continued : 43 mrs kehoe ( cont 'd ) it 's a marvellous thing you be do , eilis . a Christian thing . I wish there be more like you . i’1l be do some of the cooking myself . silence fall around the table . the other girl look at eilis , some pityingly , some clearly irritate . ext . STREET . day 44 it 's a bright , cold Christmas morning . Mrs kehoe and eilis be on they way to Father flood 's lunch . they be both carry big bag of potato . mrs kehoe I know how you be feel , eilis . the first Christmas away be hard for all my girl , but there 's nothing I can do . all I can say be that the next one will not be as bad . eilis can not afford to think that far ahead , and in any case there be little consolation in Mrs kehoe 's word . eilis ( quiet ) no. I suppose not . int . parish hall . day 45 the hall be old , and shabby , but it have be decorate with paper streamer , and it look cheery and welcoming . there be several long trestle table , each the length of the hall . eilis and many other woman , include Mrs kehoe , all wear paper hat , be lay the table . Father flood look on anxiously . father flood I think we will have to open the door , ready or not . Maureen ? a woman stand near the large double door unbolt they and open they . immediately , old , shabby , tubercular man start to pour through the door in a apparently never-end stream . it be a haunt , move sight : the lose , the lonely and the defeat . eilis forget herself and stare at they . eilis ( to Father flood ) how many be we expect ? father flood there be two hundred last year . there may be more this . ( continued ) 45 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 30 . continued : 45 eilis and Father flood watch as the man be chivvied along to one of the long trestle table . almost immediately they be serve with soup and stout . father flood ( cont ’d ) all irish . and all irish man , more or less . the occasional couple , when the woman be too old to cook . eilis why do not they go home ? father flood if there 's nothing at home for a young clever girl such as yourself , there 's nothing at home for man like this . some of they have be here nearly fifty year and have lose touch with everyone . this be the man who build the tunnel and the bridge and the highway . God alone know what they live on now . eilis become fixate by one particular man . he be wear a old brown coat and a scarf , and he cap almost obscure he face . she look as though she 's see a ghost . she put she hand to she mouth in shock . father flood ( cont ’d ) do not tell I you know someone here . eilis can not speak for a moment . eilis my da . father flood I be tell that you father have pass away . eilis recover herself . eilis yes . he do . four year ago . I be sorry . father flood I understand . Christmas lunch in the Parish Hall ... it 's like see face in the fire . it 's happen to I . I have see man from my childhood who must have be dead thirty year or more . which one ? eilis point at the man in the brown coat . ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 31 . 45 continued : 45 father flood ( cont ’d ) ah. frankie doran . he 's not you father . eilis do you know everyone here ? father flood no . but I know he . you will see why later . later . the room be fill with smoke and conversation and laughter . the table be be clear away , and bottle in brown carrier bag be be pass around . in a corner of the room , two man be play fiddle and another a small accordion . Father flood pull out a chair , stand on it and clear he throat . slowly , the room fall silent . father flood I do not want to interrupt the proceedings , but I be sure you would like to show you appreciation to all the lady here for they hard day 's work . Father flood lead the applause . some of the man be applaud in eilis 's direction - she 's the youngest helper in the room - and she blushes , smile , look down at she foot . father flood and by way of a thank you present ... as many of you know , there 's a great singer in the room today , and perhaps he can be persuade to entertain we all . frankie ? the man in the brown coat get to he foot and start to sing in irish . the musician in the corner join in , tentatively at first , but then with confidence and sympathy . he sing the slow , mournful ballad beautifully , and the smoke and squalor of the room , the poverty of the diner , become beautiful too . the haunt music carry on over the follow montage : 46 int . parish hall . day 46 two man , both in they sixty , be swinging punch at each other . some of the man watch on amused ; Father flood and a couple of the other try to separate they . 47 48 49 50 51 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 32 . int . parish hall . day 47 the room be nearly empty . Father flood , eilis and the other lady be try to rouse some of the casualty of the lunch ; it 's like a battlefield . one or two of the man be lie in pool of they own urine . ext . parish hall . dusk 48 eilis step out into a blizzard . there be a man sit against the wall , asleep . ext . brooklyn . dusk 49 eilis make she way through the desert street , alone , the wind and snow cut through she . montage and music end . int . hallway , mrs . kehoe 's house . night 50 eilis enter Mrs kehoe 's house , shake herself off , take off she coat . we can hear , from upstairs , the peal of laughter and tipsy shriek of the other lodger . Mrs kehoe emerge from the front room . mrs kehoe would you like to come into the front room for a glass of something ? you have earn it . eilis thank you . int . front room , mrs kehoe 's house . night 51 the room be large , and surprisingly well - furnish : old rug , heavy , comfortable - look furniture , dark picture in gold frame . there be a old gramophone and a wireless in one corner of the room , and a roaring fire in the hearth . eilis take it all in while Mrs kehoe pour she a glass of sherry . mrs kehoe you survive . eilis oh , it be not so bad . Mrs kehoe give she the sherry and they sit down . eilis ( cont 'd ) happy Christmas . ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 33 . 51 continued : 51 mrs kehoe cheer . they sip they drink ruminatively . mrs kehoe ( cont 'd ) miss mcadam be leave we . she be go to live with she sister in Manhattan . eilis ah . mrs kehoe she have the best room in the house . the basement . it 's the biggest and the warmest and the quietest and the best -appoint , and it have its own entrance . eilis do not say anything , but she know what 's come . mrs kehoe I can only let a certain kind of girl stay there , do you see ? eilis nod , while suppress a smile . Mrs kehoe notice she amusement . mrs kehoe oh , and I be not talk about look , here . ( beat ) although I will admit that God give miss mcadam a advantage , when I have to think about who I could trust to live down there . you be a pretty girl , eilis , but you be sensible . so. you be have the room and that 's that . if you be work tomorrow , you can pack tonight , and I 'il have you thing move in the morning . eilis will the other girl not mind ? mrs kehoe ( with satisfaction ) oh , I expect so . what do not they mind ? she drain she sherry . mrs kehoe ( cont 'd ) it 's be a long day . eilis realise this be she cue to leave . ( continued ) 51 52 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 34 . continued : 51 eilis thank you , Mrs kehoe . she put she sherry down and leave the room , leave Mrs kehoe stare into the fire . int . dine room , mrs . kehoe 's house . evening 52 there have be a significant change at the dinner table : dolore , a irish country girl - red hair , freckle , slow on the uptake - have replace miss mcadam . there be a atmosphere around the table that be new - the teasing and occasional outbreak of bitchiness have be replace by a sullen and resentful silence . it become clear that the ill - will be direct at the newcomer . Mrs kehoe attempt to change the atmosphere . mrs kehoe Girls , you will take dolore to the dance with you on Saturday night , will not you ? dolore ( delighted ) there 's a dance ? mrs kehoe down at the parish hall . Father flood do not think there 's enough for you girl to do at the weekend . diana oh , there 's plenty for we to do . he just do not want we do it . laughter around the table . mrs kehoe there will be no alcohol , but you can have fun without it . diana ( with obvious insincerity ) oh , Patty and I be not go this week . we be ... go to see a movie instead . eilis watch the dynamic carefully . she do not want to get involved . mrs kehoe well , I be sure dolore would enjoy a movie just as well . ( continued ) 52 53 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 35 . continued : 52 dolore I would , very much . there be so many more movie here in New York than in cavan . sheila yes , it 's surprising , be not it ? you have think it would be the other way around . Patty snigger . diana give one of she awful laugh . the dynamic of the group have clearly change , with the advent of dolore : the relationship between Patty / diana and Sheila be less adversarial . patty of course , you have be welcome to join we , dolore . so long as you do not mind be a gooseberry . mrs kehoe ah , so you both miraculously find boyfriend over the last couple of day , do you ? well , I hope you have more luck with this than you do with the last few . Sheila can not resist a smile of satisfaction . mrs kehoe will you be go , eilis ? eilis yes , Mrs kehoe . mrs kehoe well , you can look after dolore , then . eilis of course . int . bedroom , mrs kehoe 's house . night 53 eilis be write a letter in she new bedroom . it be so much bigger and nicer than she previous room - it have a fire , a rock chair , rug on the floor , and a desk , at which she be sit . she have photograph of Rose and she mother up on the mantelpiece . suddenly there be a knock on the door . eilis walk over and open it - Patty and diana be stand there . diana ( whisper ) we need to talk to you . ( continued ) 53 54 55 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 36 . continued : 53 eilis what be it now ? she pointedly do not ask they in . patty it 's that dolore . she 's a scrubber . diana start to laugh , and Patty clap a hand over she mouth . patty it 's true . she clean house . we can not have she at the table with we . we be shopgirl and stenographer , not scrubber . eilis I be try to study . she begin to close the door in they face . diana a scrubber , from cavan , live under ... eilis close the door . diana ( 0.s. ) +-.our roof ? ext . parish hall . night 54 dolore and eilis be queue to get into the dance . we have see this before , back in Ireland , with eilis and Nancy . but dolore be no Nancy . she have make a huge and grotesquely misplace effort for the dance . she 's wear a cheap leather jacket , a frilly white blouse and white skirt , black stocking and garish bright red lipstick . eilis 's discomfort be acute . and the surroundings be different , too . a group of African american man be sit on step nearby , play a game with dice ; two man wear yarmulke walk through the queue . int . parish hall . night 55 Inside , however , Ireland have be successfully recreate : there 's the non-alcoholic bar , the nearly empty dance - floor , the irish musician . eilis be sit next to dolore on a wooden bench , watch the dance . eilis look bored and unhappy . ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 37 . 55 continued : 55 dolore God , there 's nobody here . how be we suppose to get a fella if there 's nobody here ? eilis I expect most people will come after nine . dolore people ? or fella ? eilis some of the people will be fella . dolore I would love to meet a fella . eilis close she eye despairingly . dolore have you have a american fella ? be they different ? eilis ignore she . dolore ( twitter , in a rush ) my aunt go with a american fella once , in London , after the war . she say he be different . I have always wonder what she mean . I wish she would tell I . eilis ( dry ) I do not suppose it be anything terribly complicated . eilis shuffles down the bench a little way . suddenly the door burst open and a group of people come in - mostly young woman , but a couple of young man , too . Patty and diana , dress up to the nine , be among they . immediately the atmosphere in the hall change . more people start to dance , there 's more laughter and enjoyment . dolore they come ! the liar ! eilis ignore she again . dolore shuffles up to she on the bench . ( continued ) 55 56 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 38 . continued : 55 dolore do you see ? what a pair of bitch . that 's what the old woman call they . she say they be all bitch , apart from you . eilis have have enough . she have have enough of dolore ; she have have enough of be the kind of person who will look after dolore . she hesitates for a moment , then stand up and go to talk to Patty and diana . patty ( recognise the symbolism of the moment , and amused ) well , hello . eilis hello . it 's good to see you . patty I can see why . I do not know what you look like , sit there , but you sure do not look like you be have a good time . Patty appraise she . patty come with I . int . bathroom . night 56 we see the reflection of the girl in the mirror as Patty fiddle with eilis 's hair . patty I know . she rummages around in she handbag and pull out a couple of hair-grip . she use they to put eilis 's hair up for she . patty there . that 's better . now you do not look like you have just come in from milk the cow . eilis be that what I look like ? patty just a bit . Nice clean cow . let 's go . 57 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 39 . int . parish hall . night 57 eilis be stand with Patty and a group of she friend , include a young man with heavily oile hair who be teach eilis the step to the dance that be currently happen on the dance floor . she be slightly distract by a young man stare at she and smile , a little distance away . this be tony - dark , attractive , white tooth , muscular . she ignore he and carry on with she lesson . when she look back , he 's still stare , still smile . young man with oily hair ( shouting over the music ) maybe we could have a dance later ? eilis I be sorry ? young man with oily hair a dance ? later ? eilis oh. sure . he smile and lead Patty onto the dance - floor , flirtatiously enough to suggest that it be Patty he be interested in all the time . the moment he 's go , tony make a move . tony be you here with that guy ? the one who be teach you to dance ? unlike just about every other man at the dance , tony be american . eilis no . tony so would you dance with I ? eilis I be not sure he teach I anything . tony do not matter . the secret be to look as though you know what you be do . eilis ah . I wish someone have tell I that year ago . he lead she into the middle of the other dance couple , and they start try to pick up the step . it be apparent that tony can dance , but he do not want to show eilis up , so he assume she level of incompetence and uncertainty . ( continued ) 57 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 40 . continued : 57 later . tony and eilis be dance cheek - to- cheek - not smooching , but clearly relaxed in each other 's company . over tony 's shoulder , eilis catch Patty 's eye . Patty make a so - so face . eilis ignore she . tony where do you live ? eilis pause , and then decide it 's ok to tell he . eilis Clinton Street . tony yeah ? that 's on my way home . can I walk you ? eilis I be go to say yes , then I be go to tell you why . he laugh . tony so I do not get the wrong idea ? eilis pause again . it would not be the wrong idea . it just would not be the only idea . eilis I suppose so . be there a girl ina leather jacket sit on she own on the bench over there ? tony move so that he can look discreetly . the camera pick out dolore , sit on she own , pick at she fingernails . tony ( incredulously ) you do not know she ? eilis I do . she life in my board house , and she 's awful . if I leave with you , I be sure she have understand . you would be rescue I . tony I get it . tony smile a lot , winningly and unaffectedly . eilis she all be ok , will not she ? tony sure she will . 58 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 41 . ext . STREET . night 58 eilis and tony walk through the dark street of Brooklyn , huddle against each other for warmth . they walk in silence , and then tony blurt out tony I be not irish . eilis you do not sound irish . tony I need to make this clear : no part of I be irish . I do not have irish parent or grandparent or anything . I be italian . my parent be , anyway . eilis so what be you do at a irish dance ? do not the italian have dance ? tony yeah . and I would not want to take you to one . they behave like italian all night . eilis and what do that mean ? tony oh , you know . eilis no . tony ( mumb1ly ) hand . eilis too many of they ? tony I think it could seem that way , if you be a girl . listen , I want everything to be out in the open . I come to the irish dance because I really like irish girl . eilis and I be the only one that would dance with you ? ( continued ) 58 59 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 42 . continued : 58 tony oh , no , it be not ... eilis oh , so you dance with load of other ? eilis be teasing he , and tony know it , but he 's not as quick as she be . he try to formulate a response , give up , grin again . they arrive at Mrs kehoe 's house . eilis this be I . tony can I take you next week ? maybe get something to eat first ? eilis I would like that . good night . she smile warmly at he , and go into the house without kissing he . int . diner . night 59 eilis and tony get something to eat first , before the dance . they be eat in a cheap diner , with formica- top table . they be wait for they food . tony ( 0.s. ) so ... what do you do when you be not work ? she think . eilis well . there 's school . just , you know . . Brooklyn College . I be study book -keep . tony ( 0.s. ) you want to be a book -keeper ? eilis I want to be a accountant one day . but , yes , book -keep first . tony ( 0.s. ) wow . be it difficult ? eilis I be talk too much . tell I about plumbing . ( continued ) 59 60 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 43. continued : 59 tony you know enough about plumbing already . eilis I do not know anything . tony you know that tap drip and toilet get block and that 's all you need to know . I do not know anything about book - keep . suddenly it be as if eilis have be switch on , and the follow come out in a unstoppable , unbroken stream . eilis there 's a lot to it . there 's all the math , of course , but that 's not so complicated . the double - entry system , that take a while to get use to . and we study company law , too , and that terrify I . ( fade ) so we have to read about a insurance company that go bankrupt in the 1930s , and all the , the legal issue that ... later . tony be finish off he food and listen . eilis 's food go untouched , although several time she load fork almost make it to she mouth . eilis ( she voice fade in ) ... she play golf , and she 's really good at it . and if she have be at the dance last Saturday , then I do not think you would have look at I twice , because Rose be beautiful . tony have finish - he plate be clean . tony ( 0.s. ) I be worried you have not eat anything . eilis ( smile ) too busy talk . int . dine room , mrs . kehoe 's house . evening 60 the girl eat they supper in a mysterious silence . Patty , diana and Sheila be find it hard not to giggle . Mrs kehoe put down she knife and fork in disgust . ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 60 continued : mrs kehoe what be the matter with you girl now ? patty nothing the matter with we , Mrs kehoe . she look steadily at eilis . mrs kehoe be this all because eilis have find herself a young man ? diana ( mock -surprise ) eilis 's get herself a young man ? we do not know . she will not say anything about he . mrs kehoe and why should she , to you awful gossip-mongers ? anyway , I meet he on Saturday night when he call for eilis , and he 's a gentleman . patty well , will you tell we what you know about he , Mrs kehoe ? we be starve here . we know that he 's quite nice-look . sheila I do not like he shoe much . eilis what on earth be wrong with he shoe ? sheila they be a funny colour . mrs kehoe i‘1l tell you this much : I be go to ask Father flood to preach a sermon on the danger of giddiness . I now see that giddiness be the eighth deadly sin . a giddy girl be every bit as evil as a slothful man , and the noise she make be a lot worse . now , enough . 61 int . bartocci 's. day 44 , 60 61 the shop be quiet . dorothy and eilis be unpack box and put garment out on shelf . ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 45 . 61 continued : 61 dorothy you know what I hate about the end of winter ? now it all start again with the swimsuit . we be gonna spend hour and hour talk about one stupid item of clothing with a woman who 's so afraid of what she look like . but in the winter she will splash thirty - five dollar on a coat in the blink ... dorothy be stare into a box she have just open . dorothy I do not believe it . eilis look at she quizzically . dorothy I be gonna talk to miss fortini about this . she march off . eilis peer into the box . it contain Red Fox stocking . she take a packet out and examine it . later . miss fortini come over to speak to eilis . she 's angry . miss fortini eilis , I want you to know that dorothy have leave we employment . eilis look at she wonderingly . miss fortini as of today . she 's clear she locker . ( beat ) listen . Brooklyn be change , and we have to change with it . eilis nod , even though she be mystify by the series of apparent non-sequiturs - the stocking , dorothy , the speech . miss fortini we old customer be move out to Long Island and we can not follow they , so we need new customer every week . which mean we welcome every single person who come into this store . they all have money to spend . remember that . eilis I will . eilis show miss fortini the Red Fox stocking . ( continued ) 61 62 63 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 46 . continued : 61 eilis should I put this out on the shelf ? miss fortini yes . of course . do you understand anything I have be say ? beat . eilis no , miss fortini . miss fortini ( sighing ) Red Fox stocking be specially design for negro customer . dorothy be unhappy about we sell they . I ask she to leave . be you unhappy ? eilis no , miss fortini . miss fortini good . quickly , now . miss fortini walk off . eilis immediately turn she attention to the stocking . int . brooklyn college . night 62 eilis come out of she classroom with a couple of other student , book under she arm , and begin to walk down the stair . in the entrance hall she can see tony , look around anxiously , clearly worried about miss she . she stop - she clearly be not expect to see he . she watch he for a moment - he do not see she - and she take in he open face , he vulnerability ... he see she and he face break out into a radiant and relieved smile . she smile back , and walk down the remain step towards he . tony all I want to do be travel home with you . no drink , no food , no nothing . I know you have to study , and get some sleep . i’1l take you to you house and then say goodnight . otherwise it 's too long to wait . he say this with such unaffected simplicity that it 's impossible not to love he . eilis smile she assent . omitted 63 64 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 47 . int . trolley -car . night 64 eilis and tony sit side - by-side on the half empty trolley - car . tony I want to ask you something . and you be gonna say , oh , it 's too soon , I do not really know he well enough , we have only be out a couple time ... eilis pantomime alarm . she look tony oh , it 's nothing so bad . but it be something that most guy ... eilis ( laugh ) please just ask . you be beginning to terrify I . tony oh. sure . will you come for dinner and meet my family sometime ? eilis ( laugh ) that 's it ? I have love to . tony you like italian food ? eilis I do not know . I have never eat it . tony really ? they do not have it in Ireland ? eilis maybe in Dublin . not in my town . tony it 's the best food in the world . eilis well , why would I not like it ? tony you be in a good mood , right ? at he . eilis yes . why ? ( continued ) 64 65 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 continued : tony it 's just ... I like how you be be , I do not know the word . when you go along with everything . eilis amenable ? tony ( delighted with this addition to he vocabulary ) yeah . amenable . ok , so while you be be amenable .. can we go see a movie this week ? when you be not at night class ? and if the date go well , can we see a movie next week , too ? eilis i‘1l sign up for two movie . tony really ? eilis yes . even if the first date be a disaster , I will give it another chance . tony 's smile could not be any broad . int . bartocci 's. day 48 . 64 65 eilis , in she uniform , serve a customer . off to the side , miss fortini be watch she at work . we have see this before - but this time , eilis be unaware of miss fortini 's scrutiny . she 's absorb in she work , chat to the customer , a young woman in she thirty . eilis it certainly feel like it , but this be my first year , so I do not know how to judge . customer well , congratulation . you survive you first New York winter . eilis oh , it be not so bad . customer really ? it 's colder in Ireland ? ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 49 , 65 continued : 65 eilis oh , no . it 's colder here . customer ( laugh ) over here , that 's how we judge the winter . on how cold it be . the cylindrical tube shoot back to eilis 's counter , and she take out the receipt and the change and hand it to the customer . eilis but you have heating . Heating everywhere . you be only cold outside . customer I guess that 's true . thanks for you help . the customer walk away , and miss fortini come over . miss fortini eilis ! you be like a different person ! where do that miserable little mouse go ? eilis smile and shrug . miss fortini the homesickness have go ? eilis look startle , as if she have only just realise . eilis yes . miss fortini how do you do it ? maybe I can pass some advice on to the next poor girl who feel that way . eilis 's face light up . eilis I ... I meet somebody . a italian fella . miss fortini ( mock despondent ) oh , no . well , I be not pass that on . I have rather have they homesick than heartbroken . do he talk about baseball all the time ? or he mother ? ( continued ) 65 66 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 50 . continued : 65 eilis no. miss fortini then keep he . there be not another italian man like he in New York . she smile at eilis and move on . int . dine room , mrs kehoe 's house . night 66 eilis be sit at the kitchen table with a bowl of spaghetti in front of she . there be a fork and spoon on either side of the bowl . opposite she be Patty and diana . eilis go to pick up the cutlery . diana gesture at she to stop . diana hold it . remember you be get off easy , because we have not get sauce . patty yeah . you have to remember that the sauce fly everywhere , so take it slowly . diana I be gonna say '' splash '' every time I see problem . patty good idea . eilis ( smile ) can I start now ? patty diana go. yep . they watch intently as eilis grapples with the twirling . all three girl be stare at the spaghetti , lose in concentration . eilis allow the spaghetti to fall off the fork and back into the plate . diana ( loudly ) splash ! eilis and Patty jump and then giggle nervously . diana you just splash he mother , and he father , and the wall ... ( continued ) 66 67 68 69 69 a ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 51 . continued : 66 eilis make a despair face . patty let 's go again . ext . riverbank . day 67 a spring day in Ireland . Rose be sit by the river , read one of eilis 's letter and eat a apple . eilis ( v.o. ) I suppose the most important news be that I have a boyfriend . he be not as important as bartocci 's and my night class , I know that . but I want to tell you everything that 's go on . please do not mention it to mummy , though . you know what she 's like . ext . cinema . night 68 eilis and tony have just be to see ' singin 's in the rain 's . they emerge from the cinema radiant ; tony in particular have clearly love the film . ext . STREET . night 69 tony be earnestly try out some of gene Kelly 's dance move while eilis watch . eilis ( v.0 . ) he 's decent and kind , and he have a job , and he work hard . we go to the cinema on wednesday and he take I to Father flood 's dance on Saturday . ext . riverbank . - day 69a Rose read avidly . eilis ( v.0 . ) I think of you and mother every single day . but tony have help I to feel that I have a life here . I do not have , before I meet he . my body be here , but my life be back in Ireland , with you . now it be halfway across the sea . so , that 's something , be not it ? 70 71 72 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 52 . omitted 70 int . stairwell . evening 71 eilis and tony be climb the stair to tony 's apartment .. tony be talk animatedly and a little nervously . tony oh and I have better warn you about frankie . eilis he 's the little one . tony yeah . he 's eight go on eighteen . he 's nice and he 's smart , but he 's be talk and talk about all the thing he 's go to say to you . eilis what sort of thing ? tony we do not know . could be anything . I try to pay he money to go out and play ball with he friend , and my dad have threaten he , but I think he 's look forward to cause trouble so much that he 'il happily take a beat . this be we here . tony ready ? eilis nod . he 's make she nervous . int . tony 's apartment . night 72 tony 's apartment be tiny , and eilis appear somewhat wedge in around the dinner table . tony have two older brother , laurenzio and maurizio , as well as kid brother frankie . his mother and father be young - much young than eilis 's mother . the atmosphere around the table be polite and warm . it 's not a question of eilis have to impress the fiorello family - they want to impress she , too , or at least the adult do . they understand that she be important to tony , and tony be important to they . eilis be do she best with she spaghetti , which be cover in a rich , deep red sauce . ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 53 . 72 continued : 72 mrs fiorello hey , how do you learn to eat spaghetti like that ? eilis pause before confess . eilis I have be take lesson . the family look at she , delighted . laurenzio Lessons ? like , in a class ? you can do that ? maybe I could teach it . eilis no , no . diana , who life in the board house with I ... she cook I some spaghetti and make I try and eat it without make a mess . mr fiorello what do you eat in Ireland ? just irish stew ? eilis not just . we ... frankie so first of all I should say that we do not like irish people . there be general cry of outrage around the table . maurizio , who be sit next to he , cuff he on the top of he head . frankie ( outrage ) we do not ! that be a well know fact ! a big gang of irish beat maurizio up and he have to have stitches . and because all the cop round here be irish , nobody do anything about it . eilis look at maurizio for confirmation . he look embarrassed . maurizio there be probably two side to it . I might have say something I should not , I can not remember now . frankie no , because they beat you up . ( continued ) 72 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 54 . continued : 72 maurizio anyway , they probably be not all irish . frankie they just have red hair and big leg . Mr fiorello stand up and lead frankie away from the table and out the door by he ear . tony all I can say in he defence be that he 's the only one of we who will get a college education . laurenzio if he keep he mouth shut . mrs fiorello tony tell I you go to college . eilis oh , just night class . I want to be a book -keeper . I like work in the shop well enough , but I do not want to be there forever . frankie re-enter the room , with he father right behind . frankie ( parrot-fashion ) sorry , eilis . I be a idiot . oh , a rude idiot . I be I be his brother applaud and laugh . frankie make a face at they and sit down at the table . later . they be eat scallopini , on they own , with no vegetable , italian -style . maurizio so have tony offer to take you to ebbett 's field when the season start ? eilis ( to tony ) you like baseball ? more laughter around the table . maurizio ( incredulous ) he never mention the dodger ? not even once ? ( continued ) 72 73 74 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 55 . continued : 72 frankie you know why ? too much of this . he make a lewd kissing noise . tony roll he eye . eilis have the good grace to laugh . laurenzio anyway , you will have to go to ebbett 's field if you want to see he in the summer . eilis they be that important to you ? tony put it this way . if we kid end up support the yankee or the Giants , it would break my heart . the family laugh , but eilis can only manage a small smile . '' we kid '' ? suddenly eilis see that they future be all mapped out , as far as tony and he family be concerned . frankie be watch she complicated reaction . frankie she 's not laugh , tony . I think it 's too late . she 's a yank fan . more laughter . but tony be watch she carefully . ext . STREET . night 73 tony and eilis outside Mrs kehoe 's . tony come in close to eilis , hold she , kiss she cheek . eilis be stiff , a little afraid . tony ( softly ) I love you . eilis stay in the embrace a moment longer , then pull away . eilis i.. thank you for the evening . it be lovely . she walk down the path towards she house , leave tony stare wistfully after she . int . bathroom , mrs . kehoe 's house . night 74 eilis in the bathroom in she dress gown , clean she tooth . she stop , and look at herself in the mirror - maybe try to imagine herself older , marry , a mother , a american . the bathroom door rattles . ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 56 . 74 continued : 74 sheila ( 0.s. ) sorry ! eilis be pull out of the reverie and open the door . eilis I would finish . ( beat , and then , tentatively ) Sheila ... can I ask you something ? why be not you marry ? sheila because my husband meet somebody else and leave I . eilis oh. I be sorry . Sheila shrug . eilis and ... well , would you get marry again ? sheila have someone ask you ? eilis no . not really . sheila I will not ask what that mean . would I get marry again ? no . I want to be wait outside the bathroom of my board - house forever . eilis do not know how to take this . sheila of course I do . that 's why I go to that wretch dance every week . I want to be wait outside my own bathroom . ( beat ) while some bad - tempere fella with hair grow out of he ear read the newspaper on the toilet . and then I '1l wish I be back here , talk to you . she laugh despairingly , and shrug . 75 ext . brooklyn college . night 75 eilis emerge from she class , start to walk down the stair and stop , scan the entrance hall . tony be not there . she walk down the stair slowly , still look around . she stop in the entrance hall and wait for a moment . 76 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 57 . ext . brooklyn college . night 76 eilis stand wait outside , look up and down the street for tony . no sign . she give up and start to walk up the street . tony ( 0.s. ) eilis ! she look around . tony be on the other side of the street , breathless and smile . eilis smile broadly back , with visible relief . tony I be sorry . eilis I think you be not come . tony yeah . I think you have think that . that 's why I want to be here no matter what . eilis I need to say something to you . tony 's face fall . he think he know what 's come . tony can you ... can we talk about something else until we get to Mrs kehoe 's ? eilis it 's not ... tony please ? they start to walk along the street together . tony so . ten minute before I be suppose to meet you and I be stand ankle - deep in sewage that 's pour through this old lady 's ceiling . eilis look at he shoe , reflexively . tony yeah . even if you be think of invite I in for a coffee , I would have to say no , for you sake . ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 58 . 76 continued : 76 eilis so how do you fix it in ten minute ? tony I do not . I spend the whole ten minute explain to the old lady that I have to be somewhere and I would be back . she do not want to let I go . eilis so the sewage be still pour through the ceiling ? tony shrug . tony oh , what 's the difference between six inch of sewage and a foot ? eilis laugh . tony look at she anxiously - be she really go to break off they relationship ? eilis stop . eilis let I say what I want to say . I think ... I think you will ... I do not think you will mind . tony take a deep breath . tony okay . eilis you remember that after I have dinner at you house , you tell I that you love I . tony nod , sombre and nervous . eilis well , I do not really know what to say . but I know what to say now . I have think about you and I like you , and I like see you , and maybe I feel the same way . so the next time you tell I you love I , if there be a next time , I ’11.. 1’11 say I love you too . tony ( excited ) be you serious ? eilis yes . ( continued ) 76 77 78 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 59 . continued : 76 tony Holy shit ! Excuse my language , but I think we be go to have a different kind of talk . you mean it ? eilis I mean it . tony so why be not you smile ? she flash he a quick , force smile . eilis can I go home now ? tony you love I ? eilis yes . but do not ask I anything else , and do not talk about we kid be dodger fan . tony ( laugh ) you want kid who like the yankee ? eilis tony , please do not push I . tony ( suddenly sober ) all right . I be sorry . they walk on . ext . STREET . evening 77 eilis be walk down a Brooklyn street on a early summer evening , hold a envelope . the tree be green , child be play in the street , the last of the daylight be glint off the roof . eilis take it all in ; she 's happy . she reach Father flood 's parish house and knock on the door . int . sacristy . evening 78 Father flood be scan the letter contain in the envelope while eilis watch he intently . he hand it back to she thoughtfully . ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 60 . 78 continued : 78 father flood well . you be marvellous . that 's all I have to say . and it look to I as though you do not just pass that exam . you , you fly through they . eilis smile shyly . father flood most people who come and visit I without notice be in trouble , of some kind or another . I can not remember the last time anyone come here with good news . eilis I have save some money . i’1l be able to pay next year 's tuition and pay you back for last year . father flood one of my parishioner pay . he need to do something for mankind , and I will not tell you why . he 's not out of the wood yet , either , so he can cough up for next year , too . eilis I would love to know what sort of wood he 's in . father flood yes , well you will not hear it from I . how 's tony ? eilis look at he , surprised to be ask . eilis he 's well . thank you for ask . father flood he 's a solid man . qualification and a boyfriend , eilis . you be not the miserable young girl who want to go home last winter . eilis that seem like year ago . 79 int . dine room , mrs kehoe 's house . evening 79 the girl and Mrs kehoe at the end of they evening meal . they be collect plate and put crockery by the sink ready for wash up . ( continued ) 79 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 61 . continued : 79 eilis put fresh bowl and spoon down on the table . Mrs kehoe come to the table with a large pie on a plate . mrs kehoe I think this be the first time that any girl of mine have pass a exam while live here , so I buy we a treat . there be murmur of appreciation . Mrs kehoe sit down at the table and start cut the pie into slice and put the slice into bowl . patty have you tell tony , eilis ? eilis of course . sheila and be he take you out to celebrate ? eilis we be go to coney Island at the weekend . diana ( drily ) oh , boy . eilis what do that mean ? diana you have a bathing costume ? eilis no . I be go to get one at ... patty do you have sunglass ? eilis ( increasingly alarmed ) no. sheila you need sunglass . I read that if you do not have they on the beach this year people will talk about you . mrs kehoe ( witheringly ) and what will they say , exactly , Sheila ? ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 62 . 79 continued : 79 Sheila blushes . dolore ( seriously ) that 's the thing , Mrs kehoe . you would never know , because they have never say it to you face . Mrs kehoe roll she eye . mrs kehoe diana 's right , though , eilis . you need to think carefully about you costume . it 's the most tony will ever have see of you . you do not want to put he off . 80 int . bartocci 's. day 80 eilis in she lunch hour , choose a one - piece bathing suit from the rack in front of she . she pick out a black one and a pink one , and go off towards the dress - room . as if from nowhere , miss fortini appear . miss fortini be you go to the beach ? eilis yes , miss fortini . to coney Island . with tony . miss fortini well , I know he 's a saint , this tony , but every italian man care about how he girlfriend look in she bathing suit . I have better help you . eilis thank you . 81 int . changing room . day 81 eilis walk into one of the cubicle , but before she can pull the curtain across , miss fortini be in the cubicle with she . there 's hardly room for the two of they . eilis start to get undress , as modestly as she can in the peculiar circumstance . miss fortini watch she , matter - of - factly . later . eilis be wear the black suit . miss fortini look at she thoughtfully , and then reach forward to pull down the fabric at the top of eilis 's thigh . ( continued ) 81 82 83 84 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 63 . continued : 81 miss fortini you will have to shave down here . I will give you a razor that will do the trick . she then reach round to cup eilis 's bottom . eilis be too shocked to say anything . miss fortini you be all right there for the moment . and most italian man appreciate the fuller figure . but watch yourself , over the summer . she step back as far as she can and look at she . miss fortini the black 's too dark , for you pale skin . let 's see you in the green . eilis hesitates . miss fortini quickly now . omitted 82 omitted 83 ext . coney island . day 84 tony and eilis on the boardwalk at coney Island . it 's a bright , beautiful day ; eilis be , after all , wear fashionable sunglass and a headscarf . they be both eat cotton candy . they stop and look for a space on the pack beach . tony I can see a spot down there that 's probably big enough for one . if we can wedge ourselves in , maybe we can eventually create enough space for two . ( continued ) 84 85 86 87 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 64 . continued : 84 we watch as tony and eilis make they way down onto the beach to become a small and anonymous part of the New York summer . ext . beach . day 85 tony be hold a towel round eilis as she struggle in to she bathing costume . he 's look away , presumably at she request . eilis why do not you tell I to put my costume on underneath my clothes ? tony I think you have know . she 's finish struggle . eilis I be ready . he drop the towel . eilis stand there in she costume , a little embarrassed . tony give a loud and lascivious wolf - whistle . eilis giggle with embarrassment and pleasure . ext . sea . day 86 eilis and tony in the sea . eilis swim away from tony - she 's a good swimmer - but he swim after she , catch she and draw he to she . he pick she up as she try to wriggle away , laugh . he pull she to he and kiss she . she freeze a little and push he away . tony ( smile ) I be sorry . what 's a guy suppose to do ? she look at he , and then kiss he deeply . fade out . int . bartocci 's. day 87 eilis at she counter , serve a customer . Music , something ominously melancholic that undercut the banal pleasantry of eilis 's letter . eilis ( v.0 . ) dear Rose . thanks for you letter . I be happy to hear about you golf tournament . you must have be really pleased . 88 89 90 91 92 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 65 . int . eilis 's home in ireland . day 88 we see Mary knock on the door of Rose 's bedroom anxiously . eilis ( v.0 . ) I still miss you and mother , and I think about you every day . int . rose 's bedroom . day 89 Mary enter the bedroom . Rose be sprawle half out of the bed , she head nearly touch the floor ; Mary rush over to she , touch she cheek , start to weep . eilis ( v.0 . ) but I think I can say that for the first time since I have be in America , I be really happy . ext . eilis 's home . STREET . day 90 Mary , consol by a neighbour , watch as Rose 's body , cover by a shroud , be take to a wait ambulance . eilis ( v.0 . ) this be a lot to do with tony . he 's kind and seem to care about I . and we have fun , too . int . dine room , eilis 's home . day 91 Mary sit on a armchair in she parlour , grip a handkerchief tightly . the room be fill up with sombre , concerned people who be queuing up to speak to she . eilis ( v.0 . ) at the weekend he take I to see the Brooklyn dodger , the baseball team he love . they lose , so he be annoyed . int . church . evening 92 Mary on she knee in church , while she pray at mass . eilis ( v.0 . ) but I have also start to look for office work , too . I have a interview this week at a textile firm here in Brooklyn . 93 94 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 66 . int . bartocci 's. day 93 eilis look up , startle , as miss fortini and Father flood approach she counter . eilis ( v.0 . ) who would have think that there would be two book - keeper in the family ? i’1ll soon be able to afford to ... her voice trail off . we can not hear what Father flood be say to she , but she look stricken . the music fade . int . staff room . day 94 Father flood and eilis be sit on two chair in the middle , knee almost touch . eilis be stare at the floor , in shock ; Father flood be watch she with enormous tenderness and concern . father flood it be sudden . I think perhaps she be ill , and she know she be ill , and she do not tell anybody . eilis what will happen ? father flood ( softly ) what can happen ? eilis when will they bury she ? father flood tomorrow . eilis without I . father flood without you . you be too far away , eilis . eilis start to cry , and become almost hysterical . eilis why do I ever come here ? why do I ever come here ? father flood Rose want a better life for you . she love how well you be do . ( continued ) 94 95 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 67 . continued : 94 eilis and now I will never see she again . Father flood do not say anything . eilis that 's right , be not it , Father ? I will never see she again . father flood you know that I think you will . and she will be watch over you , every day , for the rest of you life . eilis I wish I have never leave . I wish I have never come over here . int . diner . night 95 tony and eilis be sit in the diner that they use before the Saturday night dance . they have coffee cup in front of they , but they be not drink . tony be quiet , grief -stricken for a woman he 's never meet . tony I keep think about what it would be like if one of my brother die . I be sorry if that sound selfish . but it mean I can feel what you be feel . eilis I think about it and think about it , and then I forget about it for a moment , and when I remember again it 's as though I have just be tell . I can not bear it , tony . tony I wish I could stay with you tonight . eilis but I 'il see you in the morning . it 's very nice of you family , to come to mass with I . tony they would not miss it for anything . I do not mean that like it sound . I just mean ... eilis I know . thank you . ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 68 . 95 continued : 95 tony you want to go home , I guess . eilis yes . but I do not know if I can . tony if it 's money , then we can all help . I mean , the whole family . eilis blink back more tear . eilis and how would it be for you if I do go home ? tony shrug , and then say , simply and sincerely tony I would be afraid , every single day . eilis afraid that I would not come back ? tony yeah . Home be home . eilis I be not sure I have a home any more . tony think . tony you be not go to work tomorrow , be you ? eilis no. tony after the mass , can I take you somewhere ? 96 ext . long island . day 96 tony and eilis be stand on a piece of utterly featureless and undevelop land . the wind be blow , and we can hear seagull , although there be no view of the sea . tony this be it . he gesture around he . ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 69 . 96 continued : 96 tony we be go to build five house here , if we can . Mom and dad will have one , because Mom have always want a house with a back yard . and we will sell three . and the other one ... my brother ask I if I want it , and I say I do . tony study she face intently . tony so I guess what I be say be , would you like to live here on Long Island ? I know it do not look like much right now , but all the land around here have be sell , so we would not be on we own . and there have be , there would be telephone cable and electricity and everything . eilis laugh . eilis I would hope so . tony we be go to set up a company , a building company , the three of we , and I be gonna do the plumbing , and laurence will do the carpentry , and .. eilis look around she , try to imagine the future that tony see . it 's not so hard to do . tony do not go quiet on I . at least tell I you will think about it . eilis I do not need to think about it . she hold out she hand , and tony take they , and she pull he towards she . the camera pull back and back until we see two tiny figure , on they own , stand in the middle of they own future , of a part of America that do not even exist yet . 97 int . parish house . evening 97 eilis be sit in a chair in Father flood 's office . she 's nervous and pale . Father flood be pace around . they be both watch the telephone . ( continued ) 97 98 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 70 . continued : 97 father flood I be sure she will not be long . eilis I be not sure she even know where the parish house be . father flood oh , Father Quaid have a car . he be go to collect she and drive she up . eilis part of I do not even want to talk to she . my own mother ! father flood it 's a difficult conversation to be have , eilis . you would not be human if you be look forward to it . the telephone ring . both of they stare at it for a second , and then Father flood gesture at eilis to pick it up . eilis hello ? mummy ? she sound noticeably more irish throughout the conversation . eilis I can not really hear you . int . parish house , ireland . evening 98 Mary be in the same situation - in a unfamiliar ecclesiastical office , with a priest watch she with concern . Mary look so much older than the last time we see she , and completely defeat . what come out of she mouth can not reflect the depth of she pain . mary well , the rain hold off , anyway . intercut phone conversation . eilis that 's good . mary and the whole of she golf club come . every single one of they . we have a real houseful afterwards . eilis do not say anything . ( continued ) 98 99 100 101 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 71 . continued : 98 mary be you still there ? eilis yes . mary people really love she , eilis . her friend from work , the neighbour , everybody . eilis be weep . eilis I know . mary nobody know what to say to I . finally , she word reflect how she be feel . mary when you daddy die , I say to myself that I should not grieve too much because I have you two . and when you go to America , I tell myself the same thing because she be here with I . but everyone 's go , eilis . I have nobody . eilis be weep so hard that she can not speak . Father flood come up behind she and put he hand on she shoulder . fade out int . bedroom . night 99 eilis lie on she bed , stare at the ceiling . she 's still wear she coat . she get up and leave the room . int . tony 's house . night 100 eilis knock on tony 's door . it 's late , and the house be dark . tony open the door wear a T-shirt and undershort . he 's clearly be asleep . tony come in for a second . i’1l get dress . ext . STREET . night 101 tony and eilis walk through the quiet , late night street . tony hold eilis to he as close as he can . ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 72 . 101 continued : 101 tony ( resign , sad ) I know it . eilis just for a month or so . I know it would make she feel a little better . tony do not say anything . eilis please speak . tony will you marry I before you leave ? eilis you do not trust I to come back ? tony marry I . marry I . we do not have to tell anyone . we can do it quickly , and it will just be between we . eilis but why do you want to do it ? tony ( agonise ) because if we do not , I will go crazy . eilis would a promise not be the same ? tony if you can promise , then you can easily do this . eilis sigh , nod , smile weakly . tony ( heartfelt ) thank you . 102 ext . mrs kehoe 's house . night 102 they have arrive at eilis 's lodging . they stand on the sidewalk outside the dark , quiet house and kiss . eilis come inside . tony really ? ( continued ) 102 103 104 105 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 73 . continued : 102 she lead he down the little path to she private entrance in the basement and unlock the door . int . eilis 's bedroom . night 103 eilis and tony enter the basement room . eilis take off she coat , and tony stand there awkwardly . tony so this be it ? this be where you live ? eilis yes , and if you make one tiny noise she 's 1ll evict I . shyly , she walk towards he and kiss he gently . the kiss become more passionate . eilis pull he shirt out from he trousers and run she hand up and down he back . they move towards the single bed without speak . tony lift eilis 's skirt and undoe he trousers and lie down on top of she . all the time , there be a sense that tony be take he cue from she , that he would stop the moment eilis express any doubt or fear . but she move out from underneath he and discreetly remove she panty . tony pull he trousers off and take off he boxer short . they make love . eilis try hard not to panic at the feel of tony inside she , but she 's clearly shocked by the sensation ; meanwhile tony be much noisier than she would want he to be , and that panic she further . eventually he be still , and he lie on top of she for a moment . a floorboard creak above they head . tony look up , look at eilis . eilis oh , there 's no point in worry now . stay with I . tony get off she , stand up , take the rest of he clothes off and get into bed . eilis hesitates , then start to unstrap she bra . ext . mrs kehoe 's house . day 104 eilis come home from work . she push at the gate to the basement , but it have be padlock . int . dine room , mrs . kehoe 's house . evening . 105 eilis be make herself some scramble egg in the kitchen for she tea . ( continued ) 105 106 107 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 74 . continued : 105 Mrs kehoe be sit at the kitchen table read the newspaper . there be a frosty silence . Patty come in and fill the kettle . mrs kehoe Patty , I have put a lock on the basement gate . just for peace of mind . you never know who might try to get in there . she fold the paper , stand up and leave the room . patty as God be my witness , I hear nothing last night . nothing at all . but it sound lovely . eilis look away , embarrassed . ext . CITY hall . day 106 eilis and tony walk in to City Hall , hand - in-hand . both have buy new suit for the occasion , but they be on they own . int . CITY hall . day 107 eilis and tony be in the wait room in City Hall ; there be a couple of other party wait to get marry , but they really be party , with friend and parent and sibling . the group sit nearest to they contain a eight or nine year - old boy , frankie 's age , who be bored , and get into trouble with he parent . tony leave eilis sit on a chair and start fool around with the boy : they play bat and ball with a roll - up newspaper and a light plastic ball that the kid have be play catch with . the boy 's father come over . boy' father be he annoying you ? because he be annoying I . the father be irish . tony no , no . I get a brother the exact same age . hey , be you irish ? boy' father ( grin ) be it so obvious ? ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 75 . 107 continued : 107 tony I be just about to marry a irish girl , so I guess I notice it more . there be a lot of you in Brooklyn . boy' father sometimes it seem as though there can not be anybody leave at home . where 's you girl from ? tony enniscorthy , in County wexford . have you hear of it ? tony throw the kid a gentle pitch with the ball . boy' father I think my wife have family there , but she 's get family everywhere . tony it 's the same thing with my family . if you believe anything my dad say , the fiorellos own most of Italy . I do not understand why we ever leave . the other man chuckle . tony call over to eilis . tony hey , eilis . come here a second . a official from County Hall emerge from a office and address the wait room . official Anthony fiorello and eilis lacey . tony maybe another time . boy' father good luck . eilis take he arm . tony kiss she on she cheek and they walk off to get marry . 108 ext . mrs kehoe 's house . night 108 tony and eilis be kissing outside Mrs kehoe 's . eilis break off and look at he . eilis will we ever tell we child we do this ? ( continued ) 108 109 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 76 . continued : 108 tony maybe we will save it for some anniversary . eilis I wonder what they 'il think of it ? tony they will believe that we see a movie and eat hot dog . they will not believe that on we wedding night I drop you off at ma kehoe 's and go home . eilis smile and kiss he again . the camera pan back to show the marry couple , kissing in the dark with nowhere to go . fade to black ext . church in ireland . day 109 a sunny Sunday morning . eilis be emerge from mass arm - in - arm with Mary . suddenly we see what we have not be able to notice before : eilis have come back from America a different person . she 's older , and more sophisticated , she clothes be better and brighter than that of anyone else from she town , she hair- style classier , she skin a different colour . Mary , meanwhile , have be age very quickly by grief and loneliness . eilis 's emergence into the Sunday morning light be complicated . people be excited to see she , but at the same time they know they have to be respectful of she recent loss . her friend nancy - eilis 's age , pretty , bubbly - be , however , just overwhelm with excitement , and push through the emerge congregation to greet she . eilis break into a broad smile . eilis Nancy ! in a modern age , or a less buttone - up culture , they would fall into each other 's arm and squeal . there be that level of excitement , but they channel it through the clasp of hand . nancy you look so glamorous ! mary ( sourly ) I tell you so . eilis roll she eye at Nancy . ( continued ) 109 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 77 . continued : 109 nancy I be so sorry about Rose . eilis thank you . nancy it be a beautiful funeral , Mrs lacey . eilis how be you ? Nancy wiggle she finger , and eilis see the engagement ring on she finger . eilis ( excited ) no ! mary I know . but I want to let Nancy tell you herself . nancy I be so glad you can come to the wedding . eilis can I ? nancy you mother accept the invitation on you behalf . eilis when be it ? nancy the 27th of August . eilis 's smile freeze perceptibly . nancy will you come out with George and I tomorrow night ? annette want to see you , too . eilis look at Mary for permission . mary oh , I do not mind . i’1l have to find you a key . I do not want you get I out of bed . ( continued ) 109 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 78 . continued : 109 nancy we all want to hear what life in New York be like . eilis I will try and think of something to say . Nancy rejoin she parent , who be stand a little way away , wait for she . eilis I be book to go back to New York on the twenty - first . mary ( blithe ) oh , you can wait a extra week to see you best friend marry . ext . cemetery . day 110 eilis walk down a path in she local church in Ireland . she 's hold a wreath . Close on she hand - she take she wedding ring out of she pocket , slip it on . she arrive at Rose 's grave . she kneel , place the wreath on the grave , stand up . she 's sombre , near tear , but together . eilis I have come home . just for ... a elderly lady be come down the path . eilis stop , self - conscious , and wait until she 's walk past . eilis just for a month or so . I know mother need I home . there 's so much to do . mother want I to go through all you clothes , and take what I want . I can not bear to take anything . ( beat ) Rose , I get marry . I marry tony . just before I leave . nobody know , not even mother . only you , now . we be marry at City Hall , and when I go back we will get marry properly . i’1ll tell people then . I can not believe I be marry to someone you will never know . but you have like he . I know you would . he 's sweet , and funny , and he have this wonderful eye that .. she stop and sigh heavily . ( continued ) 110 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 79 . continued : 110 eilis I wish .. oh , I wish everything be different . ( beat ) it 's so strange , be in the house without you . every time I hear even the slight noise I think it 's you . I pray for you every day . I hope you pray for we . she close she eye , momentarily , and then walk away . int . dine room , eilis 's house . day 111 eilis and Mary , sit at the table in the front room , plodd through the pile of letter that have to be write . mary so now . she pick up the next one in the pile . mary Mrs o’toole from cush . eilis do we really have to do this ? get a letter of condolence be not like get a birthday present , be it ? what if Mrs O'Toole from cush write back to thank you for you thank you ? mary then I ’1l1 thank she . eilis and you would be happy to spend the rest of you life like that ? mary it 's not as if I have anything else to do . nor anybody else to talk to . it might as well be Mrs O'Toole from cush . eilis ( wearily ) what do you want I to say ? just at that moment there be the sound of a car horn - two beep , a cheery greeting . eilis that 'il be Nancy and George and annette . ( continued ) 111 112 113 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 80 . continued : 111 mary off you go . enjoy yourself . ext . eilis 's house . evening 112 wait outside in the gleam four- door saloon car be Nancy , GEORGE , she fiancee , and he friend jim . both man be sport the rugby Club trademark blazer and brylcreem . there be no sign of annette . the man be in the front seat -— it 's George 's car - and Nancy be in the back . eilis pause momentarily when she see Jim . she smile thinly and get in . int . GEORGE 's car . evening 113 eilis settles herself in and George start the car . nancy eilis , this be Jim farrell . eilis ( cool ) hello . Jim turn around and shake eilis 's hand . he 's confident , direct , sincere , manly . if he do not come with rugby - club baggage , he might even be describe as extremely attractive . jim it 's a great pleasure to meet you . eilis nod . when Jim have turn around again , eilis make a why - do not you - tell - I ? face at Nancy . jim ( to George ) we could try the Connaught Hotel bar . there may be a few of the fella from the rugby club there . eilis look at Nancy , want she to say something ; Nancy do not even know there 's something to say . eilis ( tartly ) do you have to be with other fella from the rugby club all the time ? Jim turn around again . he 's amused . jim no . but Nancy tell we that we would not be allow to talk to you , because you have too much to say to each other . so we be look for company . ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 81 . 113 continued : 113 eilis ( embarrassed ) oh. well . she should probably apologise , but she do not . GEORGE do you not like the fella from the rugby club , eilis ? he try to catch Jim 's eye , but Jim do not want to get involved in this . eilis I do not , particularly , George . Nancy nudge she and make a plead face . eilis ignore she . eilis when I first go to America , I miss every single thing about enniscorthy except one . jim we be not all the same . eilis you all look the same . it 's the blazer and the hair-oil . Jim and George look at each other and laugh with recognition . 114 ext . connaught HOTEL driveway . evening 114 they get out of the car . Jim and George walk ahead - eilis hang back deliberately so that she can talk to Nancy . eilis why have he come ? and where 's annette ? nancy he see you at mass on Sunday morning , and he ask George if we could arrange a drink , just the four of we . and I know you would not come if I tell you . he 's very nice , so do not be too hard on he . eilis be this the same Jim farrell that be engage to cathleen cassidy ? what happen to she ? ( continued ) 114 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 continued : nancy he break it off . he do not think she be serious about he . he be very upset for a while , but he 's over she now . eilis Nancy , I be .. she hesitates . eilis I be go back . nancy he know that . but you can have a bit of fun while you be here , can not you ? 82 . 114 George and Jim wait for the girl to catch they up . George and Nancy then walk ahead . Jim slow he pace so that he can talk to eilis privately . jim how be you mother ? eilis oh , she 's ... well , she 's sad . ( beat ) and she 's get much older , very quickly . jim ( sincerely ) it be a terrible thing . we all go to the funeral mass . my mother and father and myself . eilis I , I do not know that . jim my mother play golf with she , you know . she be very fond of she . it be ... it be the saddest thing to happen in the town that I can remember . Jim be so pain and so genuine that eilis can only look at he with gratitude . she can not speak , and she 's close to tear . eilis thank you . ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 83 . int . connaught HOTEL bar . evening 115 eilis , Nancy and George watch as Jim pay for the round of drink at the bar : pint for the man , gin and bitter lemon for the girl . jim we can stand at the bar , George , can not we ? and the lady can have they gossip over there . he gesture towards a quiet table in the corner of the room . after the conversation she have with Jim on the way in , eilis feel awkward . eilis oh , we be not go to talk about anything terribly exciting . nancy ( disappointed ) oh , really ? you have get nothing to tell I ? jim I would love to hear something about New York . if I promise not to say anything , can I listen ? later . Jim , George and Nancy be listen to eilis talk about she new life . eilis ah , but that 's Manhattan . I live in Brooklyn , and I work in Brooklyn , and if I go out , I go out in Brooklyn , and the skyscraper be across the river . I do not even think about they , very often . nancy but you have make friend ? eilis oh , the girl in the house be not so bad , once you get use to they . nancy you do not make it sound very glamorous . eilis it 's not , really . nancy not even .. what do you call it ? the department store where you work ? ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 84 . 115 continued : 115 eilis bartocci 's ? it sell lovely thing . but I can not afford many of they , and I do not like the work . jim what would you like to do ? eilis I want to do what Rose do . I want to work in a office , and deal with number . that 's why I have be study so hard . jim you should call in at Davis 's . they have not manage to replace Rose , you know . we do business with they , and they have be look , but they can not find anyone who 's reliable and qualified . eilis I nil be go back to New York straight after the wedding . jim but you might want to earn a little money in the meantime . I be sure they have be glad to have you . GEORGE ( teasing ) oh , you just want she to stay . jim I be only think of eilis . he say this ambiguously , and with a smile . he do not mind be tease , and he certainly do not mind be tease on this particular subject . GEORGE D 's you hear that , eilis ? he 's only think of you . eilis blushes . she make eye contact with Jim , and she look away first . 116 ext . eilis 's house . night 116 eilis emerge from George 's car , amid laughter . the evening have clearly go well . she walk towards she house and notice that the light in the front room be still on . ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 85 . 117 int . dine room , eilis 's house . night . 117 eilis come in to the front room . Mary be read the newspaper in a armchair . mary how be you evening ? eilis it be very nice , thank you . mary be that Jim farrell I see in the car with they ? eilis it be . Mary raise she eyebrow quizzically . eilis be not bite . mary his parent be move , you know . they be retire to the country . he 'il be in that big house on he own . eilis be that right ? mary he 's a catch for someone . ( beat ) do you see the air-mail letter that come for you ? eilis no . thank you . she 's embarrassed by something . Mary study she . mary one of you new friend in America , I suppose . eilis I expect so . goodnight , mummy . 118 int . bedroom . night 118 eilis rush into the bedroom , sit on the bed , tear open she letter and read it voraciously . we have see something like this before - when she be in Brooklyn , devour letter from Ireland . 120 121 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 86. ext . town . day 119 eilis walk through the street of enniscorthy , carry grocery shopping . she smile and say hello to a couple of people . int . house . day 120 eilis come in through the front door with the shopping . Mary bustles out of the front room into the hall . mary oh , thank goodness you be back . eilis ( alarmed ) what 's the matter ? mary a lad from Davis 's come round . they have a problem in they account department and they need you up there straight away . eilis ( relieved ) be that all ? i’1l just put the shopping away . mary no , no , leave it . straight away , the young fella say . eilis it do not matter what he say , mother . I be not a employee . I would be do they a favour . mary please , let I do the shopping . she block eilis 's way , take the bag off she impatiently . eilis sigh , turn around , go out of the door . int . office . day 121 maria , a woman in she mid-thirty , usher eilis through a large outer office where several people be work into a smaller office . on the desk there be a frame photograph of eilis . she see it immediately , but do not say anything . maria the problem be that it 's we busy season , so all the driver and mill - worker do overtime last week . ( more ) ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 87 . 121 continued : 121 maria ( cont 'd ) well , they have all fill out they overtime slip , which be here ... she pick a pile of slip up off the desk . maria but there 's be nobody to work it all out and add it to they wage slip , and some of the man have start to complain . and I can not blame they . as you can see , it 's all a terrible mess . eilis if you leave I for a couple of hour , I can work out a system so that whoever come in after I will not have any trouble . i’1l come and find you if I have any question . maria you be sure you do not need I in here ? eilis I be sure . later . eilis be completely absorb in she work - this , after all , be what she have always want to do . at the end of the day , the office be in impeccable shape - eilis have tidy up all the overtime slip , and have wage packet line up in alphabetical order in a box . just as she be stand up to go , there be a perfunctory knock on the door and mr brown , owner of Davis 's , walk in . mr brown hello , eilis . Maria have be tell I that you have do the most marvellous job here . we should have know you would , of course . you be Rose 's sister , after all . eilis thank you . mr brown I be tell you have a certificate in book -keep . be it american book - keep ? eilis I get the certificate in America , but the two system be very similar . ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 88 . 121 continued : 121 mr brown well , we will certainly need someone to deal with wage and so on during the busy season , so I would like you to continue on a part- time basis . let 's see how that go , and then we will speak again . eilis I will be go back to the United States soon . mr brown as I say . let 's you and I speak again before we make any firm decision one way or the other . eilis hesitates for a moment . eilis yes , Mr. Brown . of course . thank you . mr brown now , if you go and see Maria , she will have you money for today . 122 ext . clifftop . day 122 a gorgeous , sunny , windy August day . Nancy , George , eilis and Jim stand on the cliff look out to sea . they be carry towel and bathing suit . down beneath they be a gloriously empty sandy beach . eilis ( wonderingly ) I have forget . nancy what ? eilis this . jim do you have beach in Brooklyn ? eilis smile , remember she day with tony at coney Island . eilis yes . but .. they be different . the one I have be to be , anyway . jim Stones ? ( continued ) 122 123 124 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 89 . continued : 122 eilis ( confuse ) Stones ? jim be the beach stony ? eilis oh . it 's not that . they be very crowded . jim there will probably be quite a few walker here later . eilis ( smile ) yes , I be sure . it 's still not the same . jim I be sure it 's not . ( sadly ) we do not really know anything of the rest of the world . we must seem very backward to you now . eilis of course not . you seem calm , and civilized . and charming . to she own amazement , eilis be flirt . ext . cliff path . day 123 the four make they way down the path to the beach . George hold Nancy 's hand as she jump down the last big step ; Jim offer he hand to eilis . she hesitates , and then take it . there be a moment between they as she reach the sand . ext . beach . day 124 Jim and eilis walk behind Nancy and George along the beach . jim my mother want you to know that the golf club be inaugurate a prize in Rose 's name . a special trophy , for the best score by a lady newcomer at the club . she be always very nice to the newcomer , my mother say . eilis stop , a little overcome . ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 90 . continued : 124 jim I hope you be pleased . eilis yes . of course . ( beat ) so every year , somebody will win the Rose lacey Trophy ? jim every year . as long as there 's a golf club . eilis start to walk again , lose in think . jim I think my mother would like you to come along and present it to the first winner . oh , and she have like to meet you , by the way . I be suppose to arrange a time when you can come for tea . eilis thank you . I have like that . ( beat ) I wish it have be like this before I go . before Rose die . jim like what ? eilis there be no place for I here before . and now ... I have a job , and she make a vague gesture , which seem to include Jim , and trail off . nancy ( off in the distance ) here ? she dump the towel where she be stand . later . Nancy , George and Jim be engage in the age - old and inelegant struggle between towel and immodesty , as they try to put they bathing costume on . they hop on one leg , curse and giggle . eilis take off she blouse and skirt to reveal the bathing costume ( and more of the tan ) that she get in America . Nancy and George be impressed with the simplicity of the idea ; Jim be just impressed generally . nancy be that a american trick ? eilis yes . it 's a good one , be not it ? ( continued ) 124 125 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 continued : nancy it 's depress , though , that we do not think of thing like that , be not it ? I mean , how long have they know about it ? a hundred year , probably . jim ( reverently ) I do not think they have bathing suit like that a hundred year ago . and we still do not have they now . Nancy and George exchange know , smile glance . nancy come on . the four of they skip down the sand into the sea . int . tony 's house . night 91 . 124 125 frankie , tony 's little brother , be lie on he bed in he pyjamas , read . tony come in . tony you want to go see the dodger on Saturday ? frankie sit bolt upright . frankie sure . tony ok , will you do something for I ? frankie what ? tony close the bedroom door behind he . tony so if you laugh , or say anything about this to anyone else in the family , you do not get to see the dodger on Saturday . or any other day of the season . also , you get a beat . frankie maybe it 's just better if I do not get involved . ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 92 . 125 continued : 125 tony I really need you help . frankie so stop tell I you be go to beat I up . I like the dodger , but I could listen on the radio . tony produce a letter from he pocket . it 's crumpled , and a little grubby . tony you know you be the best writer and reader in the family ? frankie ( cocky ) yeah . tony I be try to write to eilis , and I want it to be , I dunno ... frankie you write before already . about five time . tony yeah , but ... they be no good , frankie . and she 's only write back once . she 's never read my write before . I be worried I be put she off I . frankie I be eight year old . I do not know anything about kissing . tony you do not need to know anything about kissing . you need to know about spelling and , and sentence . frankie Grammar . tony yeah . will you look ? he hand frankie the letter hopefully , and a little desperately . 126 127 128 129 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 93. ext . beach . day 126 eilis , Jim , Nancy and George in the sea . Nancy and George be physically intimate with each other , in the way that tony and eilis be at coney Island ; eilis and Jim be further apart , of course , but by no mean distant , and playful with each other . Music - the score at this point be wistful , regretful , heartbreaking . tony ( v.o. ) ( in a halting , unconfident monotone ) dear eilis , I hope that you be do well in Ireland . I hope that you mother be feel less sad . it will not be long before you friend get marry and you can come home . int . office . day 127 eilis back at Davis 's , in she one - woman account department . she 's animated , confident , she intelligence alive in she face . she 's tally up a row of figure in a ledger . on the desk , there be a frame photograph of Rose . a driver knock on the door , she smile , hand he a wage packet . tony ( v.o. ) this week it be like the whole world 's basement be flooding . I have fix three . I have be work hard . I have be save money . tony ( v.o. ) everybody ask I about you all the time . frankie ( v.o. ) you miss out a 'o 's I think . it 's '' everybody '' . omitted 128 ext . beach . evening 129 a different beach . Jim and eilis , walk along the water 's edge , carry they shoe . tony ( v.o. ) anyway , I think that be all my news . Mom and dad and my brother all say hello . 130 131 132 132a ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 94 . int . kitchen , eilis 's house . night 130 Mary get up from she armchair , pull back the curtain . she see Jim 's car park outside on the street . tony ( v.o . ) I think about you most minute of most day . even when I go to see the dodger I do not concentrate on the game . ( to frankie ) I guess I get '' concentrate '' wrong , right ? Mary peer intently into the darkness . she , like we , can see eilis and Jim kissing chastely . tony ( v.o. ) with love , you tony . ( beat ) so how should I change it ? Mary smile . int . eilis 's house . day 131 eilis come in from work . on the hall table there be a airmail letter . she pick it up . she be about to open it there and then , but she decide not to . int . bedroom . day 132 eilis sit down on the bed with the letter . she stare at the crude but neat handwrite . she go to open it again - and again , she can not bring herself to do it . Close on the top drawer of the chest of drawer by eilis 's bed . her hand open the drawer , put the letter on top of several other identical letter , all apparently unopen . int . connaught HOTEL . evening 132a Jim and eilis be eat at the Connaught . Jim be wear a blazer , and he 's nervous . eilis recognise he nerve and he vulnerablity , and she 's grateful for they . eilis no hair oil . and that 's not a blazer , it 's a sport jacket . have you come out in disguise , Jim farrell ? be you try to trick I ? Jim laugh self - deprecatingly , blushes , and smooth he hair , embarrassed . ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 94a . 132a continued : 132a jim I know what you mean , when you say we be all the same . and it make I think that my life must seem very easy to you . I be go to run my father 's bar , and I be go to live in my parent 's house . I can see what that must look like from the outside . but it do not feel like that . eilis what do it feel like ? Jim think . later . eilis be eat a roast dinner . Jim do not seem to have touch the food on he plate . he be in full flow . jim and I have never be anywhere . I have never even be to England . I would like to see London , and Paris , and Rome . and New York . it frighten I , the think of die without ever leave Ireland . and there be other thing , too ... later . they be drink coffee . jim I be sorry . I want to ask you a thousand thing and all I have do be talk . eilis I be glad . jim really ? eilis yes . 133 ext . churchyard . day 133 it 's the day of Nancy and George 's wedding . Jim , eilis and Mary , all dress in Sunday best , be walk towards the church , Mary on eilis 's arm . mary I do not want to be sit right at the back . ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 94b . 133 continued : 133 jim oh , we will make sure you get the best seat in the house . ( continued ) 133 134 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 95 . continued : 133 mary ( alarmed ) oh , it would not feel right , sit up there with Nancy and George . jim ( smile ) we will find the second - best seat in the house , then . would you like I to run ahead and save a couple of place , Mrs lacey ? mary would you mind , Jim ? that would be grand . Jim walk briskly ahead . mary he 's a real gentleman , be not he ? eilis ( neutral ) he be . mary he come along at just the right time for we . eilis say nothing . mary be he why you change you ticket again ? eilis oh , no . they need I at Davis 's too much for I to think about go for a week or two , that 's all . int . church . day 134 Nancy and George get marry . Nancy be look into George 's eye and recite she vow . nancy I promise to be true to you in good time and in bad , in sickness and in health . I will love you and honour you all the day of my life . we see Jim , eilis and Mary in the congregation . Jim try to steal a sideways glance at eilis , but she will not catch he eye , and , to Jim at least , she expression be unreadable - certainly she 's not smile . if anything , she look afraid . 135 136 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 96 . ext . churchyard . day 135 as Nancy and George get into the car that will take they to the church and the reception , eilis have be catch by one of Mary 's friend , Mrs byrne . mrs byrne ( knowingly ) you mother tell I you thing be work out for you very well in enniscorthy , eilis . eilis do not know what to say . eilis it be a lovely service . mrs byrne and Mr and Mrs farrell be move out to glenbrien , so Jim will ... eilis ( abrupt ) yes , I know . ( beat ) Jim and I promise my mother we would take she back to the car . she say she can not remember where we park it . mrs byrne oh , do you hear that ? '' Jim and i! Jim and I ! '' . it will not be long now , by the sound of it , and you mother will have a wonderful day out . eilis smile thinly . eilis will you excuse I ? int . wedding reception . night 136 Jim and eilis be slow - dance to the band , along with several other couple , in the ballroom of the hotel . it 's clearly the fag -end of the evening , and many of the older people have go home , apart from that too incapable of stir themselves . jim can we talk ? eilis pull she face away , look at he . eilis what about ? ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 97 . 136 continued : 136 jim about ... well , the future . eilis take a breath . she can guess what 's come . eilis yes . jim I can not just let you go back to America without say anything . I would regret it for the rest of my life . so : I do not want you to go . I want you to stay here , with I . eilis stiffen perceptibly . jim and that mean ask you another question , I know that , but I do not want to bombard you . i’1l save that one for later . he look at she expectantly . she shrug helplessly . eilis thank you . ( beat ) I be ... I be grateful . and I be flatter . jim but that 's all ? eilis no . no , of course not . it 's just ... I have imagine a different life for myself . jim I understand . but you life here could be just as good . better , even , maybe . ( continued ) 136 137 138 139 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 98 . continued : 136 eilis return to she previous position : she hold Jim close to she , and put she head on he shoulder . that way she can demonstrate how she feel without have to say any more . int . bedroom . night 137 eilis be sit on she bed surround by tony 's letter . she have a air-mail pad on she knee and a pen be poise above the paper . she start to write . eilis ( v.0 . ) dear tony , she stop again . there 's a pause . eilis ( v.0 . ) thank you for you letter . another pause . I want you to know that ... she stop again . eilis ( out loud , agonise ) I do not know what I want you to know . ext . the farrell house . day 138 Jim life on the edge of enniscorthy , in a pretty detach house set back from the road . it 's not big , but it 's bigger than she mother 's house . his car turn into the gravel drive . he jump out , run round , open the door for eilis , who be wear Sunday best , a nicely - cut dress that she could not have buy in Ireland . ext . garden . day 139 Mrs farrell , a large , homely , pleasant woman be pour tea for eilis in the small back garden of the house . Jim and eilis be sit on chair at the garden table ; Jim 's father be sit away from they , smoking a pipe on a bench at the end of the garden . it 's a hot day , but there be plenty of shade . mrs farrell ( to she husband ) will you finish that wretch pipe and sit with we ? mr farrell I can hear perfectly well from where I be . ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 99 . 139 continued : 139 mrs farrell we be not here to provide you with entertainment . mr farrell oh , do not you worry . I find that out many year ago . Jim roll he eye at eilis . she smile . mrs farrell ( provocatively quiet ) just ignore he , eilis . it 's as well Jim take after I , not he . mr farrell ( shouting ) speak up ! eilis ( a little louder than necessary ) be you look forward to you move ? mrs farrell ( still quiet ) ah , we will miss enniscorthy . but it 's lovely and quiet in glenbrien . over on the bench , Mr farrell put down he pipe in irritation and stomp over to join they . jim mother 's worried about leave I here on my own . she think I '11 destroy the place . mrs farrell ( carefully ) I be hope you will not be on you own forever . eilis I be sure he will not . almost before the word be out of she mouth , eilis can see that she 's say more than she mean to , and we can see she feel panicky . she try to clarify she position . eilis I mean .. but she can not find word with the necessary ambiguity - unsurprisingly , give that she do not know what she feel . Mrs farrell look at Jim meaningfully . ( continued ) 139 140 141 142 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 100 . continued : 139 it 's clear that eilis have she approval . Jim smile . he look happy and proud - and , to we , vulnerable . ext . cemetery . day 140 eilis stand at Rose 's grave . she have just leave fresh flower by the headstone . eilis you be the only person I can talk to , Rose . there 's nobody else . not tony , my husband . my husband ! not Jim . not mother . oh , Rose . can you imagine if I tell mummy that I be go to marry Jim ? that would be everything she want . she would not be alone . and I could be happy , I know I could . I would be happy with Jim here , at home . and I could be happy with tony in America . I know that , too ... I wish I could do nothing . I wish I could float above it all , watch . like you . ext . eilis 's house , STREET . day 141 eilis have just return from visit Rose 's grave . she be about to walk down the path into she house when she see Mary , miss Kelly 's shop assistant , walk towards she briskly . eilis Mary ! mary I be just come to fetch you . eilis ( amused ) to fetch I ? I have not work for miss Kelly for a long time , Mary . I may call in to see she soon , if that 's what she want . mary ( anxious ) please come , eilis . she tell I not to come back without you . you know what she 's like . ext . kelly shop , STREET . day 142 miss Kelly be wait at the door of the shop where eilis use to work as eilis and Mary approach . ( continued ) 142 143 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 101 . continued : 142 miss kelly you look after thing for five minute while I be upstairs with eilis , please , Mary . there be no customer in there at the moment , so I do not think you can make too much of a mess of thing . she lead eilis round the side of the shop , where there be a entrance to miss Kelly 's home above the shop . she open the door without say anything , and eilis follow she inside . int . miss kelly front room . day 143 a dingy room , full of old furniture and dust and no colour . we see the dust mote in the afternoon sunlight . eilis and miss Kelly enter the room , and miss Kelly sit down in a armchair . she gesture at eilis to sit on a smaller armchair face she . eilis perches on it , unwilling to relax . miss kelly so. how have you be get on ? eilis very well , thanks , miss Kelly . miss kelly I hear that you be work over at Davis 's ? in the account department ? eilis that 's right . miss kelly and there 's lot of talk about you and young Jim farrell . eilis ah , well . you know what people be like . they love to talk . miss Kelly smile to herself . miss kelly yes . do you remember Mrs brady ? eilis think , or pretend to . miss kelly she usually come into the shop on Sunday morning for she rasher . this have not help . eilis still look blank . ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 102 . 143 continued : 143 miss kelly no ? well , you have a very busy life now . what with one thing and another . miss Kelly pause for a moment . she 's enjoy unsettle eilis . miss kelly anyway , Mrs brady have a niece live in Brooklyn . eilis be now beginning to feel uneasy - we can almost see the chill that be beginning to run through she . miss kelly the world be a small place , be not it ? she have a letter from she a couple of week back . eilis and what do it say ? miss kelly oh , only that she have be to a wedding at the registry office , and she husband have bump into a girl from enniscorthy who be get marry there . eilis I be not sure what you be tell I , miss Kelly . he do not bump into I . this have only the virtue of be literally true . eilis be visibly shaking . miss Kelly be loving this . there be unambiguous pleasure on she face . miss kelly oh , you can not fool I , miss lacey . although I be not sure that 's you name any longer , be it ? he could not remember . something italian , he think . suddenly , eilis find the will to resist she . eilis ( quietly ) I have forget . miss kelly ( snort disbelief ) you would forget ! what a thing for - ( continued ) 143 144 145 146 147 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 103 . continued : 143 eilis I would forget what this town be like . what be you plan to do , miss Kelly ? keep I away from Jim ? stop I from go back to America ? perhaps you do not even know . perhaps it be enough for you to know that you could ruin I . she stand up . eilis my name be eilis fiorello . she meet miss Kelly 's stare and then leave the room . ext . kelly shop , STREET . day 144 eilis come out of miss Kelly 's flat and close the door . she stop for a moment , close she eye , then walk on . ext . post office . day 145 we see eilis walk in to the local post office . int . post office . day 146 Minutes later . eilis be lean against the wall in a telephone kiosk , shake by she encounter . the telephone ring . she answer it immediately . eilis thank you .... hello ? I would like to make a reservation for the next available sailing from cobh to New York .... int . dine room , eilis 's house . evening 147 eilis and Mary , eat they dinner . eilis be draw , distract ; Mary be content and chatty . we join she in mid - flow . mary I think people even spend more money after a wedding . Nancy 's mother must have be in every shop in the town . she be buy firelighter in broom 's . firelighter ! in August ! ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 103a . 147 continued : 147 Close on eilis . she can hardly bear to listen to this . she begin to weep silently . ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 104 . 147 continued : 147 mary but she have see Mrs stapleton in there , and she have not have a chance to go through the whole day in detail with she , so ... finally Mary notice she tear . mary eilis , what 's the matter ? have something happen with Jim ? eilis mummy , I be sorry . I be so sorry . I be marry . I get marry in Brooklyn before I come home . I should have tell you . I should have tell you the minute I get back . Mary put down she knife and fork . she hold on to the table , as if to steady herself . mary and you keep it from I all this time ? eilis close she eye . she can not bear the pain she be cause she mother . mary so you be go back ? eilis nod . eilis yes. tomorrow . a very brief expression of shock appear on she mother 's face . eilis I want to be with he . I want to be with my husband . mary of course . be he nice ? eilis yes . mary ( softly , heartbroken ) he would have to be nice , if you marry he . the letter that come ... I do not want to ask . eilis be cry again . ( continued ) 147 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 continued : eilis I know you do not . and I do not want to tell you . Mary stand up . mary be you on the early train ? eilis nod . mary I be go to bed . eilis oh , mummy ... it 's not even eight o'clock . you do not have to .. mary I be very tired . and I would rather say goodbye now , and only once . eilis stand up and they embrace . mary if you be not marry , would you still be go back ? eilis ( helplessly ) yes . and then , recognise that this admission cause fresh pain ... eilis I do not know . mary perhaps you 'il write to I about he when you get back ? eilis I will . mary thank you . have a safe journey . goodnight , eilis . 105 . 147 she walk out of the room , dignify , determine , break . eilis sit back down at the dinner table and put she head in she hand . montage : ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 106 . 147a int . eilis 's house - rose 's bedroom . day 147a eilis be stand in the doorway look at the empty room . 148 ext . STREET . night 148 eilis stand outside a large house a little way out of the town . she hesitates , walk down the path and put a letter through the letter-box . 149 int . train . morning 149 eilis sit in a train carriage , look out of the window . 150 int . house . day 150 Jim , dress for work , stoops to pick up a envelope on the mat in the hallway . he open it , start to read the letter it contain . 151 ext . ship . day . 151 eilis , stand with a few other passenger on the deck of a passenger ship look back at the dock as it disappear . a young -look teenage girl stand a few foot away be watch too . she turn to eilis . girl on deck so be you away to live in America ? eilis do not turn towards the voice . eilis no. girl on deck just visit ? eilis no . I live there already . girl on deck really ? what 's it like ? eilis smile wearily . eilis it 's a big place . girl on deck I be go to live in Brooklyn , New York . do you know it ? ( continued ) ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 106a . 151 continued : 151 eilis yes . ( continued ) 151 152 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 107 . continued : 151 girl on deck people say that there 's so many irish people there , it 's like home . be that right ? finally , eilis turn to study the girl - take in she youth , and she innocence , and she fear . eilis yes , it 's just like home . the girl smile gratefully . eilis turn away . suddenly she think better of she unfriendliness , and turn back to the girl . eilis you be not to eat . girl on deck oh. right. ( beat ) but I might be there year . eilis smile . eilis no , you can eat when you get there . but do not eat on the boat . it 'il stop you get so sick . do you promise I ? girl on deck I promise . eilis and in a moment , I want you to go straight down to you cabin and lock the bathroom door on you side . when next door start hammer , you can negotiate .... when you get to Immigration , keep you eye wide open , and look as if you know where you be go . you have to think like a american . int . immigration centre . day 152 we see the girl join the back of a dispiritingly long queue - the same desperation and poverty ahead of she that eilis have to deal with when she arrive in New York . eilis walk past she quickly down a different path - she give the girl on the deck a nod and a smile of encouragement . she join a tiny queue over which hang a sign say US citizen only . ( continued ) 152 153 ' Brooklyn ' yellow script date 24th April 2014 108 . continued : 152 eilis ( v.0 . ) you will feel so homesick that you 's 1ll want to die , and there 's nothing you can do about it apart from endure it . but you will , and it will not kill you . and one day the sun will come out ... ext . house in brooklyn . day 153 eilis be lean against a wall opposite a three - story brownstone in Brooklyn . she have she eye close as she soak up the last of a late-summer sunny day . the front door of the brownstone open , and two man , dress in overall and carry tool , come out chat . one of they be tony . eilis see he before he see she , and the camera stay on he for a moment - we notice he openness , he good humour , he innocence . eilis ( v.0o . ) and you will realise that this be where you life be . tony see she . he stop in he track , smile broadly , run across the road . for a moment he 's worried about the reception he 's get . eilis 's expression be difficult to read , and for a moment he look at she anxiously , but she open she arm to he . freeze on they embrace . the end