the artist written by michel hazanavicius the artist Silent film , illustrate musically , with some title card to indicate the dialogue , with actor whose lip move when they speak although we never hear they voice . the image be in black and white , in format 1.33 . title 1 the letter of the title come up on a title card typical of the 1920 . elegant motif around the edge of the frame , and , in the background , there be geometrical shape reminiscent of the light beam of a film premiére . behind be a stylize town . the title end in a fade to black . on black , the date appear on the screen : 1927 int . laboratory - day 2 in a " futuristic " 1920 laboratory , a man in tail coat and bow tie be be torture . ultrasound be be pipe into he ear . it 's incredibly painful ! he 's scream . title card : I '' not tell ! I will not talk !!! his torturer , cold man of science in white coat , gradually increase the volume . the pain seem unbearable , the volume reach level 10 ( maximum ) , the man pass out ! int . cell & corridor - day 3 Guards wear long leather overcoat throw the man into a cell ! as the man be lie there on the ground , a dog wiggle through the bar at the window . the dog , a Jack Russell , jump on top of the man - visibly he master ~ and begin to lick he face . the man open one eye ! when he see he dog , he can not help crack a smile ... the man , now on he foot , look in pain . despite the pain , he motion to he dog who begin to bark in lively fashion . outside the cell , the guard look curious about the noise . he go to the door , open the spy flap and find himself face to face with the man , eye to eye just a couple of inch apart ! the man move he eye in such a way that he hypnotize the guard ! superimpose on the screen : a spin black and white spiral , until the daze guard take he key , open the door and release the man and he dog . 2 . the man ( the hero , thus ) imprison the guard without harm he , then run over to the guard 's desk . his ear be still cause he pain , but he open a drawer and take out he belonging : a top hat which he snap open , and a mask , which he put over he head to conceal he eye . we catch up with the mask man walk down corridor . he suddenly stop , copy by he dog who follow he like he shadow . the man , on he guard , have spot another guard where two corridor meet . with a look , he order he dog to move forward into the guard 's line of sight . the guard look over at the animal . use he finger , the hero pretend to shoot he dog . the dog collapse , play dead . the guard , increasingly curious , get to he foot . he slowly approach the motionless dog . when he come close he be attack from the side by the hero , who quickly put he out of action with a mere punch ! the mask man then rush to another cell , and release a young female prisoner . she too be wear evening dress . as she be thanking he he stagger and clutches he ear in pain . she 's concerned . title card : can I help you in some way ? he refuse . title card : no . I do not get help . I give the help around here . he compose himself . she cast he a admire glance . then , in view of the urgency of they situation , they escape at a run , ext . house / laboratory - day 4 they come out of a house that be lose in the hill , climb into a bugatti sport car that the man start by rub two wire together , and speed off . ext . road - day 5 the car speed along the road . its occupant turn round to check they be not be follow . int , house / lab ~- day 6 the guard who get knock out pick himself up , realize what 's happen and dash over to he office . he grab a radio emitter and begin send a message . ext . AIR field - day 7 the hero , the young woman and the dog come to a halt in the bugatti on the air field , by a telegraph pole whose wire lead ... to a watch tower . in the watch tower , a radio receptor be vibrate . a soldier approach , listen and suddenly understand ! he grab hold of he gun and go out onto the air field , only to find the fugitive ! he try to shoot at they as he draw closer , but the hero manage to throw a airplane propeller at he , before climb inside where the woman and dog be wait for he . the airplane begin to move . the soldier shoot . the airplane be positioning itself on the runway , while the soldier continue to fire ! the aircraft gain speed . the soldier be still shoot , but too late , as the heroo pull back the joystick , and the airplane take to the sky ... the soldier be furious , but the hero be all smile as he look back towards the ground and shout something . title card : free Georgia forever !!! the airplane fly away into the evening sky . ext . airplane - night 8 a little later in the night , still at the control , the man be fight not to fall asleep . behind he , the woman be sleep , the dog be lie in she arm . suddenly she be awoken by explosion happen close by ! pandemonium ! the man do not understand it either , he try to pick up altitude , but quickly notice that the explosion be in fact pretty and inoffensive . he consult a calendar dial on the control panel that show it be July 14th , immediately understand , and burst into laughter . title card : we have arrive , welcome to France !!! 10 as the music pick up the tune of the marseillaise , the airplane fly away through the explode firework ... the word " the end " appear on the screen . int . wing movie theater los angele - night 3 from the moment they park the car onwards , we become absorb by what 's happen around the screen of end of this film . behind the screen , we have see the actor who play the hero - he name be George Valentin - closely study the reaction of the audience . he be stand close to he dog , motion to it not to make a noise . the dog 's name be Jack . in the same area , we have also see the lead actress . her name be constance Gray . she too look tense and be latch onto the arm of a pleasant - look man who be chew anxiously on a cigar . the man look rich , but a little weak . he 's surely the producer . int . movie theater los angele - night 10 in the house , much of the audience be open-mouthed , excited , immobile and often wide - eye . in the pit , a symphony orchestra play to accompany the film . ( 9 ) now that the film be end , and the last note be sounding , the cast anxiously await the audience 's verdict , which , after two or three second of silence , burst into thunderous applause , to the great joy of the actor and the people around he , especially the actress and the producer , who kiss each other on the lip . two theater hand bring down the curtain . ( 10 ) the light come on . George Valentin come onto the stage and acknowledge the audience , they be cheer for he . he be so happy he dance a few tap step to express he joy then he acknowledge the orchestra before finally motion to someone in the wing to join he . Jack the dog trot over in response . the crowd laugh and cheer , George wave to the dog , Jack wave back then wave at the audience , the people be loving it ! in the wing , constance be fume with rage , but on stage , George be pretend with he finger to pull at the dog , who fake death . thunderous applause again . will 5 . behind the actress , the producer can not hold back a smile , and this enrage the actress still more . suddenly , George , ham it up , remember something he would forget , and ask someone from the other side of the wing to join he . it 's constance . she come over , smile to the audience , and say something to George with a smile . title card : I will get you for that . she wave , but we can tell that she smile be set between she tooth . she be not feel comfortable . George motion fire a gun with he finger , but she do not fall down , merely cast he a " very funny " glance . George look at he finger , not understanding why they do not work anymore then mime throw they away behind he , as though they have become useless . constance stalk back off into the wing in annoyance , but the audience be ecstatic . once in the wing , the actress stick up she middle finger at George , and exaggeratedly mouth so he can read she lip : " put this up you ass . " George , grin broadly , respond by clap he hand in applause , then leave the stage , execute a few more dance step as he do so . the audience be delighted . as he come off stage , George get soundly tell off by constance , but , still grin , he motion towards the audience who be still ask for more . the producer , although delighted by the successful reception , make a weak attempt to calm the actress down . as for George , he return to the stage , the audience roar . he pretend to want to leave the stage , and mime bump into a invisible wall just as he 's leave the stage . George hold he nose , the audience go wild , constance get even madder , and while George carry on clowning about , the producer too break into a beam smile . he 's probably realize that George have the audience on he side .. constance , furious , storm off . she be follow by the producer who be try to placate she , although it look like he 's get he work cut out for he . ext . movie theater los angele - night 11 outside , we be in front of a typically american movie theater deck out with all the accessory of a grand premiére . the entrance be light up , there be crowd gather on the sidewalk , cop be guard the red carpet with a cordon of body , etc . George come out , cause the crowd , mainly young woman , to press forward - and the photographer 's flash to spark into life . the cop be struggle to maintain control of the situation as George pose for the photographer and wave at he many fan . 12 13 6 . in the crowd , a young woman right at the front be stare at he in rapture . she drop she bag and , as she bend to pick it up , a swell in the crowd push she underneath the arm of the policeman in front of she , out of the crowd and into George . she stare at he , more in love than ever , delighted to be there . the police wait for someone to give order . George do not quite know what to do . nobody move . the young woman finally burst out laugh , which , after a moment of shock , cause George to laugh too , thus placate the cop and tacitly signal to the photographer that they can take picture of the scene . the flash seem to lend the woman self - confidence who , in a very carefree manner , begin to clown about in front of they . George be delighted at the sight , by the whole scene and , realize this , the young woman steal a kiss . flash . the image become static , then dissolves into the print picture on the front page of " the Hollywood reporter " newspaper , along with three other picture of the scene and the headline who' that girl ? int . geo ! ris 's house - day 12 the very same newspaper be be read by a elegant woman sit at a sumptuous breakfast table . we be in the large dining room of a ultra-luxurious Hollywood villa . all around she be magnificent furniture , superb painting and objet d'art , include a beautiful trio of monkey , one hide its eye , one with hand clasped to its ear and the third obscure its mouth . George come into the room and kiss he wife . she respond with cold indifference . you could cut the atmosphere with a knife . the woman hand George the newspaper . he know what 's up but try to laugh it off . she do not find it funny , be as cold as stone and barely look at he . she be obviously extremely annoyed with he . George pick up he dog and put it on the table . Jack drop he head to one side and he big eye implore seem to implore she forgiveness . it 's the exact expression of someone ask to be love , but doris be implacable . she get up , walk away and do not turn back . Left on he own , George have a close expression on he face . he seem unhappy to have hurt he wife 's feeling . then he realize that Jack be on the table in a ridiculous pose , and signal to he to get down . the dog obey . George look at the paper , the cause of he problem . ext . hollywood STREET bus - day 13 thirteen white letter place on a hillside . hollywoodland . below , in town , a bus . 14 15 7 . int . bus ( D ) no ) / hi = 14 Inside the full bus be the young woman from the day before . her name be peppy Miller . she be proudly hold " the Hollywood reporter " with she face on the front page , and be more or less discreetly make suggestive glance , hope that someone recognize she . but the people around she - from work and middle class background - be visibly on they way to work and remain impervious to she game . she - carefully - put the paper away in she bag , in which four or five copy of the newspaper be already carefully tuck away , then get off the bus at the next stop . ext . kinograph - day 15 she go through the main gate of kinograph studios , and head towards where they hire extras . in a courtyard , fifty - odd people be wait , some sit on wooden crate , other stand . there be mum with kid , guy with animal , man dress as cowboy , etc . peppy be among they , sit next to a man of about sixty who be dress in a highly stylize fashion . his job be obviously that of a butler . peppy proudly show he the picture in the newspaper . the man lean to take a closer look , unfold the newspaper , see the headline , smile and then fold it back up again and return it to peppy text - side - up , highlight the headline : who 's that girl ? peppy be a bit annoyed to have be put in she place , but deep down she know he 's right . nobody know who she be . she put the newspaper away . a man who visibly work for the studio , some assistant or other , come into the courtyard , climb on a crate and make a announcement . title card : contemporary film ! five girl who can dance ! all the man who have press forward turn on they heel , leave the assistant surround only by woman . the man say something to one girl , who begin to dance . he motion to she that it 's ok and she head off towards the wardrobe section . he do the same with a second girl and she get hire too . then it 's peppy 's turn . she put a lot of energy into a few top class tap step , impress the guy to such a extent that he smile admiringly then signal that she 's hire . full of self - assurance that she lucky day have come , peppy head off towards wardrobe too ; swinging , she hip as she pause in front of the butler . 16a 16 17 18 19 title card : the name be Miller . peppy Miller ! she finish with a exaggerated wink , before walk on , leave behind the impassive butler . int . GEORGE & doris 's house - day 16a in the lobby , George be prepare to leave the house . he wave at the huge , full - length portrait of himself wave and amile whilst wear a tuxedo . he look great in the painting , and George be delighted to see and to wave to himself . ez = Di 16 later , George , in a luxurious car drive by he chauffeur , arrive at the kinograph studio with he dog . the guard at the entrance smile broadly at they and wave . int . rkinograph = ors — 17 as he walk towards he dress room , everyone smile at he . he 's not always fool by this sign of respect , and ape a few smile himself . int . kinograph studio - GEORGE 'o dressing room - day 18 in he dress room , wear a tailcoat and top hat , George be finish put he make up on . he have a white face and dark lip and eye . his chauffeur be signing autograph for he on full length photograph of himself ( George ) with he dog . George say to he : title card : go and buy a piece of jewelry for my wife . a nice piece , to make it up to she . the chauffeur nod . have finish he mask up , George , pick up a photo , look at it closely and then write on it . : as he leave the dress room , we see the photograph . he 's i write woof woof on it , and sign it with the paw print of a dog . 19 we be on a film set , the crew be set up a shot . the director be unhappy with a screen position behind a bay window and he send it off . 9 . fitle card : remove that screen and bring I another one ! on the double ! two hand pick up the screen and carry it away . George arrive on set , everyone smile at he . he sit down on the chair which bear he name . the producer whom we see the previous day at the premiére arrive . his name be Zimmer , and he 's flanke by - and follow around at every moment by - two secretary and two assistant . one of they hand he the Hollywood reporter , and Zimmer , before he 's even come toa halt , talk to George as he show he the front page . he be visibly upset . George look a lot more relaxed , he say hello and vaguely try to reassure he . but Zimmer persist , still point at the newspaper . title card : because of this childish nonsense , there 's nothing about the film before page 5 ! behind George , the two set hand come back with a new screen of sky scenery , and wait , stand just next to George . as they be hold it , there be a three foot gap underneath . while the producer be talk to he , George 's attention be draw by a lovely pair of woman 's leg that have come to stand behind the screen , the top half of the body be hide by it . George acknowledge the sight with a smile and be about to bring he attention back to the on-go discussion , when he attention be draw away again by a noise , that of the tap step the female leg be make , presumably as a warm up . George smile in recognition and respond with a few tap step of he own . the woman 's leg instantly stop , seem to think a moment and then answer back , but with a jump in the complexity of the step . a tap dialogue ensue between the two pair of leg , until the set hand - the path before they now clear - pick up they screen of scenery and walk off with it . the screen move away and as it disappear reveal that the upper body belong to a young woman . she pull a face meaning ' here I be !!' and of course it 's peppy , except that she immediately realize who she be deal with - visibly she be not expect this at all - and feel completely ridiculous and uncomfortable . her joyful expression gradually become one of abject apology , but George be roaring with laughter . after a short pause , Zimmer make the connection . he check the front page of the paper , and recognize she ! then he begin shouting at she and all she can do be lower she head , unable to reply . he gesture that she 's fire and for she to get out , and she start to go , completely distraught . she 's just make a couple of step when George stop she and tell she to come back . everyone be surprised , most of all he . Zimmer can not believe it , and so do not respond at first . 20 21 22 10 . there 's bad feel between they , as though neither want this sudden conflict , but like it have always be there , tangible . everyone on the set seem to be wait for Zimmer to react , but to they surprise , after a long moment of hesitation , he walk away without say a thing . peppy look at George gratefully , smile , but seem a little preoccupy as though she might have make a mistake . everyone on set get back to work . int . kinograph studio - restaurant DECOR set - day 20 they be about to start shoot . the director be show George what he have to do . the scene be happen in a cabaret restaurant . George have to cross a dance floor , but each time he be stop by a guy ringing a bell to signal it be time to change dance partner . George find himself dance with peppy one moment , and in the arm of a very fat man the next , the director find the gag hysterical . the scene be shot several time from three different angle . each time , George dance with peppy , and , each time , the nature of they rapport change . to begin with , they be happy and laugh , but then , with time , less so . then they become embarrassed , and then thing get worse . we start the sequence again and again , to the sound of the clapperboard count the number of take , but the eroticism between they be the only thing that stand out from the scene , every thing else go unnotice . ultimately , no flirt or suggestiveness have go on , just the very obvious beginning of feeling between they that they find disturbing . it 's probably love . int . kinograph studio - dressing room corridor - day 21 later on , in the dress room corridor , peppy , hold a envelope , go up to George 's door . she knock , wait for a reply , then enter . there 's nobody there . she hesitates , not sure whether to leave or stay ... int . kinograph studio - 's = 22 finally , she go into the room and place the envelope address to George Valentin on the dresser . then she attentively look around the dress room . she look at the object and photo and notice , hang from a coat stand , George 's jacket on a hanger , and he hat which sit on a hook above it . the way the clothes be dispose look like George 's silhouette , except that the clothes be empty . she go over , stroke the jacket and little by little bring George to life through he clothes . 23 11 . she put she right hand into the sleeve and touch she own waist . as it 's George 's sleeve , she make it look like he arm have come to life , as though George have come to life . even more so since she leave hand be stroking the jacket as though George be inside . she take pleasure from the embrace and , when George come into the room , she slowly remove she hand without any rush . George see she , they look at each other . he close the door but do not go over to she , instead go over to the mirror . he look at she , she at he . he motion to she to approach . she do . he stare at she face for a while before he speak . title card : if you want to be a actress , you need to have something no one else have . he take a make - up pencil and draw a beauty spot above she upper lip . she look at herself in the mirror and smile . she like it . she turn towards he and , quite naturally , fold into he arm . the dog watch they curiously with its head lean to one side . they be probably about to kiss when George 's chauffeur come into the room and catch they . George swiftly move aside and there be a moment of discomfort . the chauffeur unwrap a parcel and take out a large and beautiful pearl necklace . George be intrigue by the necklace , and turn away from peppy . she understand that George have he own life , that they embrace be just a steal moment and slowly leave , lock back at George as she do so . he do not look at she . she leave the room . once he have study and necklace and be satisfied , George turn back towards peppy but she be no longer there . the chauffeur exit the room . when he be alone , George look at himself in the mirror . his expression show that he thing he be the stupidest man in the world . he mime shoot himself in the temple with he finger , but it 's the dog which collapse into its play - dead pose . int . GEORGE & doris 's house - day 23 the next morning , he 's have breakfast with he wife . the atmosphere be still dreadful but this time he 's not make any effort either . he disdainfully watch doris eat . she be cut up strawberry use a knife and fork . George watch she , smile and continue to watch . except it 's not doris he 's watch . instead it 's peppy who 's tucking into she food and talk and laugh vivaciously . George be with she with a expression of love on he face . he 's laugh with she when , suddenly , reality bite . he 's still sit opposite doris , and she 's stare at he because she do not understand why he be laugh . she visibly find he ridiculous . he stop laugh and breakfast carry on as normal . 24 25 26 27 28 29 12 . int . geo ! & for = 24 we see several quick sequence which indicate time pass : breakfast with George and doris where the atmosphere be increasingly dreadful . doris scribbles on photo of George in the press , draw on moustach , large spectacle , etc . int . studio / S : = y , = 25 short extract of George in various film , in which he portray a pirate , then a cowboy , then William tell , etc . we also see he in " someday in July " in the sequence he shot with peppy and the fat male dancer . int . movie theater audience , etc . - day 26 movie-goer reacting to the film , but the way the image be edit - cut with breakfast image - could mean they be reacting to they too . among the audience be peppy Miller . she 's try to concentrate fully on the film and be push away the handsome young man she 's with , who be try to kiss she . we see she later , at the movie again , but this time alone . int . studio / stage ~- peppy as a servant / dancer /etc . - day 27 we see she play some bit part , may , dancer , etc . her role seem to get a little bigger . we notice that she now wear the beauty spot that she will keep forever . her name climb up the rank in the title sequence of film , until it appear on its own . int . office ~ peppy / contract/1927 - day 28 we see she signing a contract in a small office , she seem happy . int . office ~- GEORGE / zimmer / contract - day 29 George sign a big contract with Zimmer as photographer take picture . he smile broadly , whereas Zimmer look like he smile be a little force . the date appear on the screen : 1929 30 31 32 13 . kinograph studi = 7 % = 30 George , dress as a musketeer , be sword - fight with three middle - age thug in a tavern . he kill two of they , but unfortunately lose he epee when fight the third . but when the third man attack , George merely dodge with a sleight of body and put he attacker out of action with a right hook ! calm restore , he smile and wave in brotherly fashion to a mysterious man who be try to hide underneath he long cape . the man stand up , throw aside he cape and reveal himself to be ... napoleon ! he put he bicorne hat back on and warmly thanks a astonished George . napoleon say something to he and George respectfully bow , walk away from he still bow then turn and run . once out of the decor , he bump right into a worried - look Zimmer who be follow by he loyal assistant . George be in a playful mood . Zimmer tell he : title Card : I want to show you something . right now . George seem astonished that Zimmer be leave the set and not filming , but agree . napoleon walk past they very imperially and gesture royally to a technician to bring he a chair . the technician do not miss the chance to remind the man that he be only a extra , and not napoleon . int . screening room - studio - day 31 Zimmer , he guard , and George - still dress as a musketeer - come into a screen room in which a dozen or so very serious - look people be wait . they sit down and Zimmer , very proudly and self - confidently , gesture to a assistant who pass on the message to the projectionist . the room go dark . the screen begin . int , voice test studio ~ day 32 on screen we see a card that indicate it 's a sound shoot test for a talk scene . then constance appear , the actress from the spy film . she 's stand in front of a mic and she test it , delighted to be there . cut . we see she again , the microphone have disappear and she act out a scene . it 's a monologue . her act be terrible , very theatrical , but the } audience can hear she . it be however , awful . ( 31 ) in the screen room , the audience seem stunne by what they see / hear . they be fascinate . they then begin to congratulate each other and slap Zimmer on the back . Zimmer 's pride seem to grow by the second . George , who at first seem very surprised , slowly begin a snigger which gradually have become a belly laugh when the actress earnestly end she monologue . 33 34 35 36 14 . when the light come up , George be laugh uncontrollably way beyond the bound of mere mockery as he sincerity be obvious . the people present be embarrassed , and Zimmer be deeply put out . George , still laugh , leave the room , : wave a apology with he hand as he go , but also i point to the screen to explain why he 's laugh . Zimmer feel even more humiliate . fade to black on he face . int . kinograph studio - georgeas dressi ! = 33 we be back with George in he dress room . he 's remove he make up . he move some ordinary object and the object , as he move it , make a noise . we hear the noise it make . really hear it . it 's the first time we have hear a sound that come from within the film itself . one second later , George realize that the object make a noise . he move it again , the object make a noise again . George be worried . he try another object and obtain noise again . his dog bark and we hear it ! he get up ( chair make a noise ) and say something to he dog , but no sound come out of he mouth when he speak . he realize this ... panic set in , he turn to the mirror and try talk again , but still no sound come out . not understanding what 's happen , the feel of panic fully blossom and he flee he dress room ! int . kinograph studio - dressing room corridor ~— day 34 noisy , laugh dancer pass in the corridor , other be talk or shouting and even if we can not make out what they be say , they be all make sound . George try to talk to they but he voice remain silent . one dancer , see he fright , burst into throaty laughter . George rush through the milling crowd the sound of which be become increasingly loud ... ext . kinograph studio - courtyard - day 35 ++- and burst out into the courtyard of the studio that be now suddenly desert and silent . in front of he a feather eddyy slowly to the ground , carry by the breeze . it finally land , make a completely abnormal and disproportionate noise like that of a building crash to the ground in slow motion . George scream , but again he cry be silent . & Di for = bedroom - night 36 George awake with a start ! he 's in bed and be have trouble shaking off he nightmare . the film continue as normal : in other word , silent . 37 38 39 40 41 42 15 . his wife be sleep by he side . he get up , take care not to make a sound . it. & doris 's house - l' R = NI 37 : George calm down as he sit in the live room , alone in the : darkness . Jack , still sleepy , have just curl into a ball : next to he to fall back to sleep . George smile and give he a pat . 38 drive by he chauffeur , George cross town head for the studio . ext . kinograph studio - day 39 the car go through the studio gate . there 's nobody there . George get out . he go into the courtyard . there 's nobody there either . int . kinograph = D - day . 40 he go into the studio and head for the set . there be still no one about . he do not understand and go back outside . ext . kinograph studio - day 41 outside in the desert courtyard , a feather eddyy towards the ground , carry by the breeze . George be watch it drift to the ground when suddenly a gust of wind send it soar back into the sky . George follow it with he eye and notice aman crossing between two set . he look like some kind of set hand or assistant ; a work man in any case . George call to he . the two man draw close and George ask he what 's happen . the man take the day 's newspaper out of he pocket and hand it to George before walk off . George read : kinograph studios stop all silent production to work exclusively on talky . int . kinograph studio — secretary's office - day 42 despite the secretary 's attempt to stop he , a furious George storm into Zimmer 's office . 43 16 . int . kinograph studio ~ zimmer 's office - day 43 Zimmer be in a meeting with some man . they be probably engineer in view of the attention be give to the plan lie on the desk . everyone be surprised by George 's rude entry . the engineer seem embarrassed , but Zimmer smile and politely ask they to leave , as though ask for they understanding . as they head for the door , some of they drop they head so as not to meet George 's eye , whereas other look he right between the eye but without any love lose . this exchange cause a strange , unpleasant feel within he . he seem embarrassed . it 's perhaps due to the rudeness of he eruption into the office , but it 's more likely due to the look he 's be give . for the first time for age , he have not be look at how a star be normally look at - with respect , desire and admiration - but like any ordinary man be look at or , worse still , how a superfluous man be look at . as George realize that he status have just change , Zimmer invite he to sit down . then speak to he , in a friendly manner . title card : we belong to another age , you and I , George . nowadays , the world talk . he talk to he , look a little embarrassed , while George take it on the chin , not know how to respond . title card : people want to see new face . talk face . George reach deep down into himself and make a effort to bring up a smile . title card : paramount will be delighted . they still want I . Zimmer respond with a pursing of the lip that be more damn than any counter argument could be . as though he 's tell George he can always give it a go .. George understand what 's happen . Zimmer be sorry . title card : I be sorry . the public want fresh blood . and the public be never wrong . George get to he foot . i title card : it 's I the people want and it 's my film they want to see . and I be go to give they to then . Zimmer nod with another pursing of the lip , as though he can not wait to see that . George seem very sure of himself . title card : I do not need you . go make you talk movie . I be go to make they a beautiful film ! 44 45 17 . as George leave in disgust , he eye be draw to a advertising feature represent the " new face of kinograph studios " . among the medallion frame young portrait , George recognize that of peppy Miller . he glance up at Zimmer . title card : Fresh blood ... the two man exchange a last glance , then George exit . int . kinograph studio , secretary's office - day 44 outside he feel a few second of discouragement but , as he meet the gaze of the engineer wait in the secretary 's antechamber , he puff up he chest and walk tall out of the office . . - - 45 go down the stair from the office , he pass a laugh peppy who be accompany by two young and charming man , perfect specimen of America 's golden youth . she be come up , he be go down . when she notice he , she stop , already one step above of he . she have a beam smile and be truly delighted to see he . he be delighted too , although he mood be very different . title card ( he ) : how be you ? title card ( she ) : fantastic ! I have be give a lead role ! be not it wonderful ?! he nod , we see in he eye that he 's terribly happy for she . they look at each other , she laugh . then she fumble in she bag for something with which to note down she telephone number on a piece of paper . it take a while and be a little chaotic , she apologize , but he visibly take a lot of pleasure out of watch she . she finally get the number down and hand it to he , tell he to call she — to really call she . in response he cast a glance over to the : young man wait for she higher up the stair , and she burst out laugh . she lean towards he to say something . title card : gadget ! she look at he flirtatiously . then she gesture again for he to call she , and he nod , even though we think that he probably will not do so . she leave and he watch she go before beginning he decent once more . once at the top , she turn back to call out to George , he too have turn to look . she smile at he , break into a few tap step for old time 's sake , then blow he a kiss . 46 47 48 49 18. he catch the kiss with a smile , pretend to make it disappear in he other hand like a magician , then show she the inside breast pocket of he jacket as proof that he 's keep it safe and warm . she laugh loudly and go on she way . he watch she walk away with admiration in he eye . she vanish and George 's smile take on a note of melancholy , and then he leave too . omitted 46 int . GEORGE & doris ' house ~ day 47 George come home . doris be there scribbling on a magazine but he take no notice of she . when the dog jump into he arm however , he greet it affectionately . doris be vex . \y 48 I eorge & doris 's hi - liv : - a while later he 's run Jack through he trick when doris arrive . title card : we have to talk , George . George smile . title card : or not . she insist but he do not listen . he 's with he dog . she get annoyed , he do not answer , she end up throw Jack . George can not forgive she for do so , he look at she in disgust . she start to cry . title card : I be unhappy , George . he answer without look at she . title card : so be million of other people , I for instance . int . GEORGE 's studio set - jungle DECOR ~- day 49 thanks to a montage of shot frame , photo and press cutting , we see George begin make he film , the first clap of the board that show he 's both the film 's producer and director . the film be call tear of love , and it tell the tale of a English adventurer - play by himself - accompany by a young woman , a old man who look like a professor and who be probably the father of the young woman and , lastly , a African tribe represent as savage and whose humanity remain to be prove . 50 51 52 19 . we see George in the various stage of preparation : write , be ~ write , direct , act , signing a lot of check , but also leave very early in the morning to set up shot with he collaborator , etc . he look fulfil , like he truly believe in what he 's do , despite the tiredness he 's feel . his dog have a role in the film too , do trick . George look very happy , very commit . he take a supple branch , feed it through the sleeve of a woman 's blouse and , by hold the two end of the branch out in front of he , dance with the imaginary woman . everyone around he be happy and laugh . he 's not shoot a comedy , however , it 's obviously a drama of some sort from what we see of the set and the way the actor play they role . then appear on screen the mock up of poster , they be show on the set to George . he choose the one in which he be most prominent , it 's a poster depict a cutesy melodrama and bear the release date October 25th . omitted 50 ext . angele STREET ters ) - day 51 in the street , at the entrance to a movie theater , George see a large " beauty Spot " film poster . the poster show peppy close up , wear a magnificent and jauntily position chapka over one eye . she be incredibly stylish but in no way vampish , more the image of a young comedy debut ... George look at she , peppy seem to be smile at he . he smile back . then he smile become strain . he 's notice something . the two theater employee be stick a banner over the poster that reveal the release date of beauty Spot - it 's also October 25th . int . animat : be -_day 52 then we see advertising insert and full page press article appear one after the other , create a montage of image with a very 1920 's feel . '' get some pep with peppy ! " and a close up on she smile , mischievous face . " the girl next door " , " the girl you 's 1l love to love " " Young and pretty '' , etc. with a photo of peppy each time , poster of the film and then , everywhere , the face that it 's a talk movie ! talk , talk , talk ! as for George , he image be a lot more austere , the photograph show he as very serious . and the caption be like : " I be not a muppet anymore , I be a artist ! '' 53 54 55 20 . omitted 53 int . restaurant interview - day 54 we be in a smart restaurant . George have he back to the room and be eat with he chauffeur . peppy come into the restaurant and come to sit just behind George . they be back to back . she be with several young man , two of whom be journalist and they be interview she . title card : you first film do not come out until tomorrow and yet you be already the new darling of Hollywood ! how do you explain that ? she start by burst into laughter , which draw George 's attention . he turn round to listen to the rest of peppy 's answer . @itle card : I do not know , maybe it 's because I talk . and people hear I . she continue talk , obviously happy that people be interested in she . she do not see George smile behind she . title card : people be sick to death of that old actor who pull face to make themselves understand . she continue talk with the casual arrogance of youth . behind she , George 's smile vanish . ] itle card : anyway , it 's normal for the young to take over from the old , that 's life . make way for youth ! George be hurt . he get up and , before he leave , gesture silently that if she want he place all she have to do be take it . she watch he leave and immediately regret what she 's just say . int . GEORGE & doris 's house - day 55 it 's the day of the film ' release , October 25th . it 's morning . George open he front door . his chauffeur be outside . the man 's expression announce bad news . he 's hold the day 's press . the huge headline talk of a stock market crash , a black Thursday , a catastrophe . dress in a robe , George be on the telephone in the live room . he nod . the atmosphere be stifling . he hang up . his chauffeur look at he inquisitively . George reply as though lose in think : 56 57 58 59 21. title card : it would seem that we be ruin . the chauffeur take it on the chin with as much reserve as he can muster , but George continue . title card : that 's the best case scenario ... he almost laugh - not so the chauffeur . int . GEORGE & 's = 56 now wear a suit , George be sit at he desk . lying in front of he be the front page of newspaper report the crash . he look for something on the inside page of one paper and read . next to a large picture of peppy there 's a review of he own film , beginning " tear of Love , Old and bore " . he shut the paper and search for something in the drawer of he desk . he take out a piece of paper . it 's the telephone number that peppy have scribble down for he . he look at it , move closer to the telephone , hesitates , look at the paper again , then put the scrap of paper back in the drawer without make the call . int . peppy 's house - dr - day 57 peppy awake in bed with a start . she do not know what have wake she up . she look around , leok at the phone , seem perplex . then a man 's arm invite she to lie back down ; she do . {56 ) still at he desk , George get up and go to the window . he seem lose in think . int . george' studio set - jungle DECOR - day 58 a extract from " tear of Love " in which we see George , hold the young woman in he arm , take part in a cliché-d African dance with shield , spear and all the African accoutrement attribute by westerner at the time . George and the woman be complacently watch the dance , when George say to the young woman . title card : let 's go back , Norma . they have never see a white woman before and I do not want to take any risk . int . movie theater - '' tear of love '' screening ~ day 59 there 's hardly anyone in the theater . the people that be there lock bored more than anything . at the back smoking a cigarette , George take the failure on the chin . 60 61 62 63 64 22. one couple get to they foot and leave the theater . as the man reach George , he recognize he and cast he a glance that seem to say " goodness old chap this one 's not up to much ... " George do not know what to say in reply . ext . movie = = 60 outside , George come out still smoking he cigarette . on the sidewalk , people be cheerfully wait in line . George walk up the line and come to a movie house that 's play the " beauty Spot " talk movie . a huge poster depict peppy and the people in the line seem excited and delighted to be go to see the film . it 's visibly a success . George take it on the chin . I ' - los angele street — 61 Inside the car , behind the implacable chauffeur , George be talk to himself , as though he 's re-runn the story in he head and search for what he might have do better , or differently . int . GEORGE & doris 's house - day 62 once home , he find a photo of himself on the floor . it have be deface with a scribble moustache , spectacle and a big nose . there 's a note to he scribble on the back . we read it at the same time as he . it 's over , George . you have get a fortnight to collect you gouvenir together and get out of the house . doris p.s. : you should go see beauty Spot , it 's incredible . George take it on the chin and leave , revealing behind he the portrait of himself wear a tuxedo , smile and wave . . I E theater - '' t! of love '' 6 ! - day 63 as for peppy , she 's in the theater , watch tear of love . she 's with a handsome young man who seem bored . ext . jungle - day 64 George be wear short and a explorer 's hat . he be sink in sink sand . the young woman be scream and the dog bark . 65 66 23. the african be panic but there 's nothing anyone can do . George stop struggle , and look deep into the eye of the young woman . he say gently : title card : farewell , Norma . I never love you ... it 's obvious he 's only say that so that she can forget he and move on with she life , but it do not wash and the young woman weep all the more , terribly move by this last sacrifice on he part . ( 63 ) in the balcony , peppy be speechless and she face impassive . ( 64 ) on screen , George and the young woman exchange a last glance as George 's face gradually sink into the sand . ( 63 ) next to peppy , the young man sit watch she . she see sad . ( 64 ) on screen , George have disappear into the mire . only one hand stay in the air for several second more in a torture pose , that of a die man try to hold on to the wind . ( 63 ) peppy 's companion seem to find the film far too long and do not understand why they have not already leave . ( 64 ) the hand have disappear . the young woman be in a state of shock , rigid with a look of horror on she face . she be no doubt about to be put to certain death . the dog turn round and walk off with head and tail lower ... the end appear on the screen . {63 ) peppy seem move . she be shaking she head from side to side . ext , los angele STREET - picture of geo ! ~_evenin 65 even have fall on the town . it 's raining . on the ground lie a old page from a newspaper that bear a picture of George . a man 's foot trample the picture . int . 's ht ie 66 George be at home . two bottle be apparent and , obviously drunk , he be stare out the window . the projection of raindrop slide down the window look like tear run down he face . and Jack 's face too . George be pull out of he stupor as he hear something . 67 24 . ext . geor ' house - - night 67 i he open the door . it 's peppy . she immediately notice that George be drunk . her smile tense a little . title card : I want to talk , I ... George look at she . she continue . title card : I see tear of Love . George nod , and answer . title card : and so you have come to get you money back ? she smile stiffly , not know how to react . he continue . title card : too much face - pull ? she stop smile because it 's not funny at all . it 's bitter , even . there 's a embarrassed silence . softly , she try to explain . title card : about last night ... she stop because George be not look at she anymore . he 's watch the arrival of the young , smile , handsome and wholesome man who be with peppy . George bear a melancholy smile . ~itle card : you be right . make way for youth ... the young man shake George 's hand . he 's obviously a nice lad , and very polite . title card : I be so happy to meet you . my dad just love you . he say it very nicely , with no ulterior motive , but George be cut to the quick . the comment wound he and peppy notice . she cut short the meeting by smile and upping the cheerfulness stake , as though to kid George she have not notice any embarrassment or perceive anything that might have shocked or hurt he during they encounter . title card : ok ! well , we will be off now . 1/11 call you soon . bye ! George smile politely . she leave , take the handsome jock with she . George watch they leave . as do he dog , who sit with he head and ear hang low as though very disappointed . George watch peppy walk away , then step forward and ait down on the step lead up to the house . 68 69 70 71 72 25 . as she get into the car , peppy seem surly , unhappy even , for the first time . she turn she back on she companion . title card : take I home . I would like to be alone . George watch the car leave , then go and sit on a bench next to the front door . but the bench break and George find himself on the ground next to the dog . George remark evenly to Jack : title card : see , could be it just be not my day ... fade to black . ext . movie theat =* " =~ day 68 in the rain , a worker be take down letter from the facade of a theater . of tear of Love , only the word tear remain . int . h studio - peppy 's ri - day 69 peppy be face she mirror and put she make up on . she take a break , look a little sad . someone ( some kind of assistant ) open the door to she dress room and say something like you need to hurry up . she nod and get back to work . ext . movie poster - los angele ~ day 70 alternate shot of three or four film poster and frame from they which illustrate peppy 's rise fame . her name move higher up the poster and into bigger letter . the film be call " the rookie " , " the brunette " , " the girl next door '' and , finally , " on the roof " . omitted 7 int . kinograph studio - peppy 's dressing room - day 72 we catch up with she in a close up , apply she make up . the camera pull back and we see that not only be she not put the make up on herself - a make up artist be do that - but there be in fact four pair of hand get busy around she ; two make up girl , a hairdresser and a wardrobe assistant . peppy , fortunately , have stay completely natural and do not seem to take any of it seriously . as the last touch be put in place , peppy get to she foot and turn round . 73 74 75 26 . at she foot lie a dozen pair of shoe , each pair as magnificent as the next , and all in they swanky box . peppy try on a pair . Close up of she foot . int . g! ie ! EB { 1931 ) - day 73 crossfade to a man 's pair of shoe with use heel and upper . George 's dog come to sit at he foot . the date be superimpose on the screen : 1931 . the camera climb up he leg to reveal George lie fully dress in he bed , obviously at home in view of he attitude . he 's change . and even if he suit be still pretty smart , he 's become more " common " , less unattainable . he seem to have lose whatever it be that make he so superb . primarily he 's a bit drunk , somewhat hesitant . George get up and close he Murphy bed , the kind of bed that slot up into the wall to look like a closet . then he walk across the live area . his home have change too , it 's fall in class and be a lot more modest than the one we be use to see he in . we do however recognize some of the object , furniture and painting from he old house , notably the huge portrait of he smile . he go into the kitchen which be open onto the rest of the apartment . there 's nothing in the refrigerator . he look for something to drink but there 's only one bottle leave in the rack . he lift it up . it 's empty . he open a closet . Inside , a tuxedo hang among a number of bare hanger . int . pawnshop - day 74 in a pawnshop , George , still a little drunk , be sell he tuxedo . the pawnbroker and he be visibly disagreeing on the price , but of course it 's George who fold first and hand over the tuxedo . the pawnbroker count out the bill and hand they to George who , in a fit of pride , leave a tip as he leave - he dignity intact even in the face of adversity . int . george' ez 75 at home , George be drink and watch he chauffeur fix some food . he seem preoccupy . title card : how long 's it be since I pay you last , clifton ? the chauffeur answer as he carry on do what he 's do . title card : be one year now , Sir . 76 v7 78 79 80 81 27 . George get up , visibly think that he should not have do that , that it 's wrong . he go get the key and a jacket , come back and give they to the chauffeur . witle card : you be fire . keep the car . get yourself a job someplace else . the chauffeur refuse , George insist . they do not agree but George end up throw he out , even though we have understand that he 's do it for clifton 's benefit and not through any unkindness . - ext . george' house — day 76 once outside , the chauffeur do not move . he stay next to the car . George watch he through the window . the chauffeur still do not budge . George pulis the curtain . ext . GEORGE 's house - evening 77 in the evening , George look out between the curtain , the chauffeur be still there . George turn on he heel and get into he Murphy bed . int . GE e's hou ! - bedroom - NI 78 night time . George be in bed with he eye open . ext . ‘s house - night 79 outside , the chauffeur be still in the same position . int . GEORGE 's house - day 80 the next morning , George get up and go to look from the window . the chauffeur have go . George be a little sad , but that 's just the way it be ... he look around at he home . a little later , George look at himself in a mirror . we pass from he to he reflection , which he hide by place he drink against the mirror . int . auction room - day 81 a sign say that the effect of George Valentin be to be auction . Furniture , costume , objet d'art and painting on September 14th . there be not many people in the room , just five or six . George be stand at the back , smoking a cigarette . 82 83 84 28. his position and demeanor be exactly like when he be watch the screen of tear of Love , from the back of the room with the verdict of failure in the air ... he 's look a little unsteady on he foot , probably due to the hip flask he 's neck that seem to contain liquor . the object go under the hammer one by one . we see the three monkey go by , notably , hear no evil , speak no evil , see no evil . two buyer especially be raise the price by bid against each other , a distinguished and reserve - look man , and a lady of a certain age who look a bit severe , to the point of bigotry . they do not seem perfectly comfortable , but they be the only two buy . a few crossfade ( the display table empty , face , hand be raise , hammer fall , " sell " label ) show we the lot disappear - every single item be sell . int . auction - idor — day 82 George be now with the auctioneer , he 's study the list of item as auction assistant busy themselves around he , carry and pack the sell lot . the auctioneer , who be put on he coat , congratulate George . title card : well do ! it all sell , there 's nothing leave ! George nod but he smile seem a little ironic . he leave the room . on the stairway , as he 's leave , he be join by the distinguished - look man who put on he coat and leave . ext . auction room 's STREET — day 83 they leave at the same time . the man cross the street , we follow he . he get into a car . peppy be sit in the back . she 's alone and watch George walk off with he unsteady gait . she 's sad . the man cast a glance to ask she what he should do next . peppy , with a force smile , motion that they can leave . as the man start up the motorcar , George be walk away . the car set off and overtake he . peppy do not turn round . she 's ery . int . estt ! -_ night 84 George , dress differently , be drink in a clandestine bar that have make the effort of put up a few Christmas decoration . George be visibly smashed . 85 86 87 88 29 . int . studio jungle encrusted little GEORGE - night 8s a small version of he appear superimpose on the bar , dress as a explorer and discover the life-size version of himself . the big version watch the little version load he rifle . then the little version shoot at the big version , but i the big version just smile . Little version run off shot to get help , and he come back with a tribe of African warrior , all bear spear . they attack . Big version try to defend himself , stagger as he get to he foot , try to gesture to the barman , but he be so drunk that he fall straight backwards without make the slight attempt to stop he fall . the african leap about with joy . fade to black . { 84 ) George 's chauffeur come into the bar . he motion to the barman who jerk he head in one direction . the chauffeur follow the indication and find George lie on the floor , totally smashed . he slap he gently around the face a few time in a vain attempt to wake he , then lift he over he shoulder , pay the check and leave . ir L = night 86 at George 's house , he chauffeur put he to bed and hang he suit carefully before leave the room . he see the dog , go over to it and stroke it . they look at each other . we can tell that the chauffeur be worried about George . '' tl er - 87 peppy Miller be " the Guardian angel " . it 's a huge poster on the fagade of a movie theater . George go inside . with Jack . int . '' guardian angel '' theater - day 88 the auditorium be full . George sit down in the first row . to watch the film he have to lock upwards , and see a huge and magnificent peppy rise above he . she 's play a scene with a young actor we recognize , it 's humphrey bogart . he 's become a spectator : he laugh , be absorb and cry along with the other . 89 90 91 30 . int. '' a = & lobby - day 89 come out of the theater several young people bump into he . they do not recognize he . there 's a lot of people milling about , so he pick Jack up . a woman exclaim a oh ! of admiration as though she 's recognize George . he smile modestly but soon realize that it 's just because she think Jack be cute and have come over to stroke he like she would any other dog . she be totally under Jack 's charm , and say to George . title card : if only he could talk ! George still have the smile on he lip , but it have become one of resignation . i he look away as the woman stroke the dog . ext . mexican village - day 90 George be play Zorro . he perform stunt after stunt and the close up show he devastating smile to its best advantage . in fact , it 's a extract from the Mark of Zorro with Douglas fairbank , into which we will insert close up of Jean we have shot ourselves . int . GEORGE '' use ~ day 91 the Zorro sequence be be screen on a wall in George 's apartment . George be watch himself , slump in a easy chair . his sluggish attitude and listless air be in sharp contrast with the image of himself project by the film . then the image jump and go white . George get up , still half - smashed . his shadow be clearly delineate on the white screen . he see it , look it up and down and then start to look at it sideways . title card : look what you have become ... he carry on shouting at it , obviously very annoyed with it . title card : you be very nasty ! and stupid ! and arrogant ! he do not even want to look at it anymore . he look disgust . suddenly he shadow separate itself from he and move independently from he . as he shout at it , it lower its head and do not reply . title card : you act very badly ! you be thoughtless ! 92 93 31 . he carry on as though it 's normal until he shadow walk off with its head bow . he watch it go , try to understand what 's happen , but it 's go and he 's still there . he begin to holler . title card : come back ! come back here right now !!! totally smashed he start to violently throw film reel against the wall as he holler . the can split open and the film burst out all over . George be become more and more frenzied . the floor be now cover in can and film . he stop , drip with sweat . worriedly , he look around for a moment . then he strike a match , take a second to consider what he 's about to do and throw the match into the middle of the reel . there 's madness in he eye as he watch the fire take hold . we can see he pleasure at see the flame spread . but he 's very quickly overrun . the reel burst into flame in a instant and give off lot of smoke . Jack be panic and bark incessantly . suddenly , George seem to lose it . he do not know what to do anymore and , although the fire be spread quite spectacularly around he , he run to where the reel and film that he have not open be , and begin throw they frantically over he shoulder as though he 's look for one in particular . the ever-increasing denseness of the smoke , however , be make the task almost impossible . on the floor , below the smoke , Jack flee the room and run off while George suffocate but continue to struggle with the can of reel . ext . GEORGE 's 6s b= 92 the dog come out of the house and make a dash for the sidewalk as fast as he can . {91 ) in the room , among the flame and the smoke , George - now breathless - pick one of the reel and try to turn round . he collapse , still hold on to the can . . ext in - day 93 Jack spot a cop at a junction . he take hold of the cop 's trouser leg with he tooth and try to pull he towards George 's house . the policeman do not understand , however , and push it away with he foot . the dog persist and bark but the cop just want to be leave in peace . {91 ) George be suffocating on the floor . the level of smoke be get ever lower and be slowly cover he face . 94 95 96 97 98 32 . ( 93 ) Jack bark louder and louder . the policeman feel uncomfortable . a woman be watch the scene inquisitively . not know what to do , the cop motion to the dog to be silent and threaten it with two finger , just like George miming a pistol . Jack collapse and play dead . the cop have no idea what 's happen , he crouch down and touch the dog to see if it 's all right . Jack wake up and go to leave but stop immediately to show the cop he want to take he with he . the cop still do not understand , it 's the woman who tell he what he must do . the cop seem to understand , have a moment of doubt , and then start follow the dog . Jack encourage he to go faster , but the cop resist to begin with . Little by little though , as though realize the seriousness of the situation , he speed up . more and more , ext . george' house - day 94 until he finally arrive flat out at George 's home . the cop see the smoke come out of the house . he run into the smoke . int . GEORGE 's - day 95 a completely unconscious George , overcome by the fume , ie drag out of the fire by the policeman . ext . 2 = 96 they come out the house . George be still clutching the reel . a crowd have form , people recognize he . one woman feel sorry for he , a man run for help . George be unconscious . fade to black . int . kinograph studio - pepp = = 97 we see peppy on a shoot , sit in a chair with she name on it , smoking a cigarette . everyone about she be busy prepare a shot . suddenly a assistant bring she a telephone . she take the receiver with a smile and listen . her expression tighten a little . she hang up , pensive for a moment . on set , the director gesture to he assistant that the shot be ready and they be good to go . the assistant go towards peppy to let she know but , as he get to where she should be , she seat be empty . he look everywhere for she , but she have disappear . int . peppy 's car ( drive ) - day 98 in she car , and still in costume , she urge she chauffeur to go quick as he can . 99 100 101 102 33. ext , hospital courtyard - day 99 the car pull into the hospital courtyard . : tal - lobby = 100 1 peppy burst into the lobby , talk to a woman at the desk who direct she with a raise hand that peppy immediately follow . she bound up the stair four at a time and come into a corridor , int . hospital - corridor and george' room - day 101 and then to a door through the window of which she see George lie down . his dog be at the foot of the bed , asleep . George be on a drip , unconscious and cover in bandage . a doctor be in the room with a nurse . peppy enter . she 's anxious but the doctor seem reassure . title card : he 's not in any danger now . he just need to rest . peppy go up to George . she notice that he burnt hand seem to still be clutching something . she 's intrigue . in response , the doctor show she the reel of film that sit in a corner of the room . title card : he be hold that . it be real hard to pry it away from he , peppy pick up the can . the label be too damage to be able to read the title of the film . she open it and unroll some of the film in front of the window . we see random photogram run by . it 's the only sequence they ever shot together , year before . peppy be move . without turn round , she ask the doctor : title card : do you think he could come rest up at my place ? the doctor nod with a kindly glint in he eye . title card : it 's probably the very best he could have hope for . ext . peppy 's hou ! - day 102 a ambulance take George , still unconscious , to peppy ' 's house . Jack be with he . 103 104 105 34 . it 's a large , beautiful house , very expensive and very Hollywood . but it 's also very invite . + p : EB _- george' bedroom & corridor - night 103 it 's night time . George be in bed . he open one eye . then he wake up and look around , not understanding where he be . Jack wake up and bark , wag he tail . a nurse who have be doze in a armchair face the bed awake with a start , then go over to George . she reassure he , motion to he not to get upset , then slowly leave the room before run off down the corridor . she knock at a door then go back to George 's room . peppy be close on she heel . she come into the room in she nightgown . when he see she , George smile and she rush over to the bed and put she arm tight around he . she be terribly move but , when she release he from she arm to talk to he , she realize that he have lose consciousness again and so be not share the same special moment as she . she pulla a face , afraid she might have do something wrong , glance over at the nurse , then lay George 's head back on he pillow . int . peppy' house - GEORGE 's bedroom - day 104 fhe next morning , peppy bring breakfast into George 's room and they eat it together . she laugh , talk , eat , drink and be as vivacious as he have dream she would be all that year before . he look at she with a smile on he face . then she look at she watch and realize she need to hurry . title card : I have get to go . I have to be on set for nine o'clock . George smile kindly at she . she return the smile but we can tell that maybe reality have just remind they that she be work , and he be not . they exchange a last glance before she leave the room . George , now alone , get up with some difficulty . he pick up a pile of fold clothes from a armchair . it 's he jacket and pants , both half burn . on the floor , he shoe be in exactly the same state of disrepair . in ?. peppy 's house ~ day 105 a little later , and alone , he 's explore the house . it 's richly and tastefully decorate , highly personal . he go along a corridor and down a wide stairway . Jack begin sniff outside of one door , as though he want to go inside . 106 107 35 . int . peppy ’'s house - storeroom ~ day 106 George open the door and go into the room , it 's a kind of storeroom in which everything be cover up with sheet . he close the door behind he . the room have a ghostly quality to it . Jack sniff about everywhere . George too seem troubled by the strange pervade atmosphere . his curiosity be spur by a convolute object that be cover in a thin cloth . a ray of light surge into the room . the door have open and , stand against the daylight , be a may . fitle card : you should go back to you room , Sir . George nod with a smile . the may leave pretty swiftly , we have not see she face , the whole moment seem rather strange . George be intrigue but leave the room . he have to call Jack to he . Jack ig reluctant to go but finally obey he master . I jograph studio - peppy set - ~ day 107 a screenplay lie on a table . peppy and Zimmer be seat either side of the table and be talk animatedly . we be on the set we see the previous day , and peppy seem to be try to convince Zimmer of something . she seem to be describe a film poster or the fagade of a movie theater she would love to see . he do not seem too enthusiastic from the look of the negative shake of he head and he apologetic air as he listen to peppy . she finally stop talk and give he a determine look . Zimmer , uncomfortable and sorry , calmly reply . title card : George be a silent movie actor . he belong to the past . today he 's a nobody . as Zimmer 's speak , she remove she accessory and hat . Zimmer be so intrigue he stop talk . fitle card : what be you do ? she look he straight in the eye , and answer : title card : I be stop work . it 's he or I . she look determine . he 's look unsure of himself . he visibly be not sure he 's understand properly . she drive she point home . title card : what I mean be it 's either he and I ! or neither of we ! Zimmer still be not sure he 's understand . he just look at she . title card : I be blackmail you , get it ?! 108 109 36 . even when she 's blackmail , she 's still pretty , and Zimmer look at she totally at a loss but at the same time it 's obvious that he 's go to back down . the people around they be listen in on they conversation and seem to be wait for he decision . there 's a element of déja - vu to the situation , and Zimmer , who already back down a few year before , give in . title card : and why not ... she smile at he , pick up the screenplay with delight , and leave . as he move away she whistle at he . he turn round and she vigorously blow he a kiss . int . peppy 's dr : ~ day 108 the screenplay lie on the front seat of a car . the camera pull back , it 's clifton who be in the drive seat . int . ' 8 house - geo ! for iedrt ~ day 109 George be lie in bed when he former chauffeur come in . at first , he 's delighted to see he , but this turn into astonishment and he seem to ask the man a question . the chauffeur answer : title card : I work for miss Miller now . George visibly do not know what to think and , although he remain pleasant , become somewhat reserve . it 's as though something have come between they . the chauffeur place the screenplay on the bedside table . George seem to greet it with mistrust , certainly not with enthusiasm . the chauffeur also have a box of cake with he that he put on a plate for George . George do not want any , it 's all too much ... before he leave , the chauffeur overcome he habitual reserve for the first time and say to George : title card : she 's be good to you . she 's always look out for you . the chauffeur leave without try to convince George further , as the other look on full of pride and doubt . 110 111 112 113 37 . ext . peppy' house ~ day 110 from the window , we see the chauffeur get into the car and drive off . we recognize the car as be the one that belong to George . ( 109 ) at the window , George watch he leave . then he seem to have a idea or , more exactly , a intuition . int . peppy 's house - storeroom - day 111 George go into the room that 's full of sheet . he go straight over to the object with the bizarre shape and lift up the sheet . underneath he find he former objet d'art , the three monkey " hear no evil " , " speak no evil " and " see no evil " . he think for a moment , then pull of another sheet to reveal a piece of furniture . once again it 's a piece that use to belong to he and we recognize it from have see it at the auction room . after take off several other sheet , George realize that she buy everything he have put up for sale : furniture , painting , objet d'art , souvenir , etc . he rip off sheet one after the other and the object appear , even down to he suit and tuxedo . he continue and discover the painting depict he in a tux , wave and smile . George look stunne at the sight of himself look so full of life . he 's interrupt by the same ray of light which surge into the room once more . this time , at the door , be the butler and the may . George walk towards they when he see they . the closer he get to they , however , the more he expression tighten . we realize that the butler be none other than the distinguished - look man who purchase everything at the auction , and that the may be the woman who be bid against he to raise the sale price . George be look at they as he leave the room . he have recognize they , but do not say anything to they . he walk off , still shocked by what he 's just realize . ppy' house - GEORGE 's = 112 he finish put on he burnt suit in he room , and leave . int . peppy 's house - day 113 he go down the stair and flee the house . 114 115 116 38 . ext . beggar STREET - day 114 George be in the street wear he burnt suit and damage shoe . he be shirtless . with Jack by he side , he walk along the sidewalk . there be a few other people walk along . about | twenty yard ahead of he a man be begging . he hold out he hand to passer - by . George approach and , when there be no other passer - by between he and George , the beggar glance at he and lower he hand . he do not raige it as George approach . George stop in front of he and look at he , but the beggar motion to he to scram . George continue on he way . for that moment at least , he have become one of they . he button up the collar of he suit in a attempt to hide the fact that he do not have a shirt then , head off and lose himself in the crowd . some distance later , he stop to check he reflection in a shop window . the image he see be that of a bum . it 's even more strike because the in the window there be a young male mannequin wear a tux , top hat and white scarf . the image of the mannequin and that of George be superimpose . a cop come up to George and begin talk to he ina friendly manner . he speak but we do not know what about . there be not title card . George visibly have no idea what the cop be talk about . the cop seem to be talk about nothing important , just chat ... he talk and talk ... George do not understand what he 's say , and do not understand why he 's talk to he . he 's lose . title card : what do you say ? the cop smile , carry on talk , then stop . he think he 's talk to a madman . he do not persist , merely size George up and , once he 's decide that he 's harmless , the cop walk off . George , totally bewilder by the incident , seem to lose he grip on himself a little more . int . peppy 's house - day 115 peppy get home in the evening , arm laden with flower . she 's happy - she quickly go up the stair and into George 's bedroom . he 's not there . she look for he but can not find he . the may say that he have leave . she drop the flower . int . GEORGE 's burnt house - day 116 George go into he house that have be disfigure by the fire . the flame have change everything and the atmosphere , here again , seem ghostly and sad . 117 119 120 39 . George sit down in a armchair in the darkness . Jack sit down face he . he wag he tail and it thump on the ground . int . peppy 's house - re ! ~ day 117 in the room with all the sheet , peppy ie with the may . the may seem to be tell she what happen with George , how he remove all the sheet , etc . peppy listen with a inscrutable expression on she face . then , suddenly overcome by a terrible think , she rush outside . ext . peppy 's house - day 118 she run out of the house and over to the car , but the chauffeur be not there . she honk the horn to call he but there 's no response . she honk the horn again , then , not want to wait any longer , and see the key on the dashboard , she get behind the wheel , start the engine and pull off in a series of kangaroo hop . it 's obvious that she do not know how to drive all that well , but still go at full speed - more or less successfully . just as she pass through the gate , the chauffeur turn up . too late . he see she drive away . ext . pi ' 8 drive ) - '' 119 peppy be drive as fast as she can through town , but she 's pretty reckless and almost cause a accident . int . e's burnt house - iy 120 outside George 's house , the wind be slamm one of the shutter with the regularity of a metronome . George take a gulp of liquor , then put down the glass , open a cardboard box and take out a pistol that he place on the table in front of he . he pick up the glass for another gulp . Jack do not like what he see . he bark . ( 119 ) as for peppy , she 's speed along , totally ignore even the most basic of road safety requirement . ~ ( 120 ) George put down he glass and pick up the pistol . Jack be not happy at all . he bark and bite George 's trouser leg , pull on it . ( 119 ) peppy speed along . ( 120 ) George put the pistol into he mouth . Jack be bark like mad . George , still in the same position , close he eye . 121 122 40 . title card : '' bang ! '' George be in the same position . he still have the pistol in he mouth . visibly , he 's hear a bang from outside , because he take the pistol out of he mouth and look out the window . ext . GEORGE 's burnt house - day 121 outside , we see peppy 's car have ram into the gate and be still shudder . peppy do not brake in time , but she do not care . she jump out the car and run into the house . int . GEORGE 's ~ day 122 she rush into the live room and stop for a moment to look at George . George awkwardly try to hide the pistol behind he . she burst into teara . title card : I feel so awful . I only want to help you . to take care of you ... he seem to reply that no , it 's not she fault , she 's get nothing to feel bad about . he open he arm towards she , still hold the pistol and the gun fire itself . fortunately no one be hurt , but the incident make peppy laugh and , between sob and gasp of laughter she throw herself into George 's arm . they hug for a long time . peppy say into he ear , title card : you have get so much that no one else have ... and into she ear , George reply : title card : no , I be nothing but a shadow . no good for anything but silence . peppy do not reply . she just hold he tighter still and close she eye . Jack be sit close by , watch they and wag he tail . outside , the shutter be still slamm and the car be still shudder . peppy open she eye . visibly , she 's have a idea . Jack wag he tail and thump it on the ground . the shutter slam . the car shudder . peppy smile at George . title card : I know what you have that no one else do . peppy move away from George and motion to he to listen . the shutter slam . jack tail thump . the car shudder ... peppy do a few tap step . George do not understand . 123 124 4l . peppy start again , with a beam smile , wait for he response . George do a few tap step himself , basic one , without any great enthusiasm . she smile at he and do a few more complex step that be a lot livelier . he smile back finally understanding the golden gift that he have in he foot . he look at peppy lovingly with a beam smile on he face . kk : ih studio } 1931 ) - . ffice — day 123 Music suddenly begin to play and we see foot dance in another decor . except that from now on we actually hear the sound of the tap step . we pull back to find peppy and George in Zimmer 's office . they be dance for he . Little by little , Zimmer be convinced by they , and , when they finish they demonstration , he have a broad smile on he face . int . 5 = & GEORGE - day 124 we find peppy and George on a film set , still dance . the piece of jazz they be dance to have go so crazy that now everyone want to get up and dance ! they be dance a tap number face the camera , in a décor represent a stylize New York . the choreography be incredible , in the grand style of the old Hollywood musical and they finish with a knee slide that bring they right up to we with big smile on they face . the music stop on a powerful blast from the brass instrument that leave everyone burst with energy . in the ensue silence , peppy and George stay exactly where they be , face the camera , with the smile stick on they face . it go on for a little too long , they be out of breath . then they look at someone off -shot . they be face a film crew ( from they era of course ) . the director smile . Zimmer , sit next to he , seem ecstatic . the director speak and we hear what he say . director cut ! excellent ! Zimmer have both he thumb up . the director say to peppy and George . director ( cont ’d ) once more ? please ? George laugh and reply , and we hear he too . GEORGE with pleasure ! 42 . the end the credit run while peppy and George go back to they position . the camera ( ours ) pull back and into frame come all the technician who be set up the shot , the hair , make - up and costume people for continuity , the camera come into position , the director come over to say a few word to the star couple , in short : the shot be prepare for another take . and , when everyone be in position , the director speak into he megaphone and we hear " ok , camera ! sound ! Rolling ... and ... action ! " fade to black and the music pick up again for the end of the credit sequence .