the nun Story by James Wan and Gary dauberman screenplay by Gary dauberman 01.22.17 a nun . sit on the edge of a bed . all alone in a small monastic cell this be sister victoria , 20 . push in on she face . wrack with emotion and fear . but a resolve harden . she stand up . decisive . on she bed , she lay out she Bible . her Cross . a vial of Holy Water . neatly . cleanliness be next to godliness . she reach over to a side table and pick up a rosary . something about it seem off . not sure what . yet . clutch it in she hand . as she turn and look down at something by she foot . kneel and pick up a coil of rope . sister Victoria look over at the window . stands and walk over . the rope slinking like a serpent behind she . pushes open the window . it swing out into the dark of night . she feel the breeze blow . then she step up onto the the ledge sister Victoria tie one end of the rope to the outside buttress above she as behind her -- the sturdy wooden door of the cell blows open . uh-oh ... sister Victoria look back . not that she want to . but be compel to . stare down the long corridor right outside she room . it 's line by torch along the wall . that extinguish . one . by one . closer . and closer . as a darkness come for she . and that expression on sister Victoria 's face tell we it 's a darkness she know . a darkness she fear . 2 . and as she slip the noose end of the rope around she neck , sister Victoria pray : sister victoria forgive I Lord for this sin I be about to commit ... sign of the Cross . and then she step off the ledge . drop down and disappear . but we stay here . wait ... wait ... snap ! rope taut . the window slowly swing back . and in the reflection of its glass , the black silhouette of the nun . stand next to the last torch outside the door . do not move . just stare outside . or at we ? before that last torch go out too . plunge we into darkness . over which we hear a Old french canadian folk song . sung pretty poorly . voice ( 0.s . ) a la claire fontaine mae allant promener ... CUT to : the terrible troubador . wheeling a cart of supplies . he have tell you to call he ' frenchie 's because everyone else do . 20 . with feature as rough as he voice and the surround romanian countryside voice / frenchie j’ai trouvé 1 ’eau si belle que je m’y suis baigné ... stop he song when he hear -- caw . of a crow . somewhere over by that castle we only see glimpsis of through the branch of the tree as frenchie approach . break through the tree , he see a murder of crow pick over something hang close to the castle wall . like it 's a giant bird feeder . the hell be that ? he edge himself closer . something drip drip drip from it to the ground . collect in puddle . it 's blood . drawing nearer , frenchie look up and see sister Victoria hang above he . crow peck at she eye and face . frenchie oh God ... he step back as -- snap ! of the rope . sister Victoria fall to the ground . crow scatter . flutter , flap wing obscure we view until it 's completely -- black . on screen : the follow occur in 1952 . then it slide across we screen with the black , and a dusty dimme light filter through a lattice open inside a confessional 4 . revealing father michael burke , 40 something . head bow . as if he 's deep in reflection . do not look up as he hear 9 year old timothy 's thin , prepubescent voice begin : timothy ( 0.s. ) forgive I , Father , for I have sin . it 's be one week since my last confession ... burke grunt : go on ... timothy ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) I still hate my sister . she pull my hair , tell I she hate I , break my toy ... father burke crow . timothy ( 0.s. ) Excuse I , Father ? on father burke jotting crow with he pen into the nowhere - near- complete philadelphia inquirer crossword puzzle on top of he Bible . father burke I do not need to hear you sister sin , I need to hear yours . timothy ( 0.s. ) but I feel like I have be pretty good this week , Father . my sister on the other hand -- father burke timothy . burke look up from he crossword . father burke ( cont ’d ) God already know you sin . part of confession be his desire to know if you do too ... timothy yes , Father . father burke we will try again next week . go in peace and pray for I , a sinner . 5 . as we hear timothy slip out , we hold on burke . a sinner . his eye drop down to ' crow 's . somewhere we hear it squawk -- CUT to : -- in the forever Blue Skies above ST . dorothy 's church Father burke stand in the shadow of its steeple and surround tree . he light a cigarette . I know , I know . but time be different back then . he watch a young family exit the Church . brother and sister walk behind they parent . sister pull brother 's hair . brother -- must be timothy -- whip around . he spot Father burke . point to he sister : didja see that ? I tell you ! burke shrug whaddayagonnado ? watch they go . his smile fade as they do . his thought interrupt by father rafael olvera , 20 . tugging at he vestment , nervous . olvera Father burke . burke turn : yes ? olvera ( cont 'd ) you have a call . it 's Rome . holy shit : a world war ii chaplain kit . line with red velvet . contain candle . Communion trays . bread plate . and a silver chalice . all look like they have be through , well ... war . it sit on a shelf inside father burke's office it 's as scattered as Father burke seem to be as he sign last minute papers and pack away some belonging . olvera watch he . even more nervous . olvera what do they say ? father burke they say ' come to Rome . 's olvera do you know why ? father burke no . olvera how long will you be go ? father burke I do not know . olvera do you think it 's because of what happen in eus ? Father burke shoot he a look : enough . that 's clearly a subject olvera should know better than to bring up . olvera ( cont 'd ) just one more thing . jeezus , this guy . olvera ( cont 'd ) May I come ? I have never be . Father burke look at he . as if he 's decide . then : father burke no . and somewhere we hear a plane take off as we -- CUT to : -- vatican CITY . maybe you find some public domain footage or maybe it 's just a photograph of St. Peter 's Square that hang on the wall of this study buried somewhere deep inside the vatican . people like you and I be not suppose to be in place like this so consider yourself lucky . serious talk go down here . like right now , judge by the expression on the face of -- cardinal conroy . 60 . although he do not smile so easily anyway . if ever . he sit across from burke with another cardinal and two bishop . cardinal conroy the last time you be here be -- what ? six or seven year ago ? father burke after my time as a chaplain end in the war , yes . cardinal remember . glance over at the other . shift in they seat . like the less say about that the better . cardinal conroy well , we appreciate you come again on such short notice . father burke cardinal , with all due respect , I tell you on the phone I would not -- cardinal conroy and I tell you on the phone that this one be different . like it or not Father burke you be a member of this group -- father burke member ? it be not official -- cardinal conroy -- and for good reason too . but I must say I be surprised at you hesitation . I think you have jump at the chance to get away from confessional and crossword for a time ... on Father burke . how have you know about the crossword ? cardinal conroy ( cont ’d ) I like to think it 's call the Holy see for more reason than just the Bishop of Rome ... ahem . bishop pasquale lean forward , in a effort to steer this back to the matter at hand : bishop pasquale we receive a report that a nun take she own life at a cloistered convent near brasov , Romania ... father burke Catholicism be under siege by communism in that part of the world . towns be invade . Priests and nun kill or imprison . a suicide be a terrible sin but it do not strike I as a strong enough reason for we reunion give the pressure of the political climate in the region . cardinal conroy but the news of it would not bolster we argument to keep with faith and the Church ... Father burke lean back . like this be a game of card and he 's try to get a read on they hand . pasquale slide a file across the table . like he 's throw more money into the pot . they sit . the file . bishop pasquale this be you travel document along with contact information on the man who find the nun . you 'il no doubt want to speak with he first ... cardinal conroy also in the file be the name of a postulant who can help assist you in you inquiry since of course you actually will not be allow to enter the convent . she be also familiar with the territory ... they wait . as Father burke make no move toward because he know : father burke you be not tell I something . cardinal conroy what make you say that . father burke because we be in the vatican . that get the cardinal to smile . bishop pasquale let 's put it this way , Father . in this -- albeit rare -- instance , we do not believe we be the one with the secret ... they stare down Father burke . like , call we bluff . go ahead . but ultimately curiosity get the better of he . Father burke take the file . and as he open it -- father burke tell I what you do know . CUT to : a nun . blindfolded . she feel around the hospital room as several young patient giggle , press themselves against the wall and bed . try not to get tag by -- -- sister irene palmer , early 20 . she be terrible at '' blind man 's bluff '' . and judge by she White habit , she 's also a novitiate . which basically mean a ' nun-in -train 's . her finger brush over Medical Instruments . the Crayola masterworks of the Young patient . the curtain . search ... search ... sister irene I do not have to see you to know you're .... sense movement behind she . she turn and she finger reach out and touch -- sister irene ( cont ’d ) there ! wait . who be that ? rip off she blindfold . see Father burke . and she hand on he chest . oh no ... 10 . father burke do that mean I be it ? sister irene snap she hand back . bow she head . sister irene apology , Father . Young patient snicker . sister irene turn and gamely glare back at they . her red face frame by she white habit : how could you not tell I ?! wave of giggle crash into laughter . ext . ST . vincent 's child hospital - day sister irene and Father burke walk the garden . father burke -- should not be more than a few day at most . you be recommend for the journey because of you familiarity with the territory ... sister irene the territory ? father burke Romania , yes . sister irene I have never be in that part of the world ... burke stop : really ? sister irene ( cont ’d ) there must have be some mistake . I apologize if come here be a waste of you time ... father burke no . no apology necessary . cardinal conroy be a man who do not make mistake . I be sure he have he reason for select you . I will still need you help at the convent since access for anyone but nun be extremely limited . how long will it take for you to get ready for travel ? 11 . sister irene not long at all , Father . father burke good . collect you thing . and sister -- we will need to wear civilian clothes while travel . this be one time we do not need to broadcast we faith ... sister irene nod . turn and begin to walk back to the hospital , she head bow . Father burke watch she go . as from somewhere , a scream -- CUT to : it 's frenchie . waking up from a awful nightmare . soak in sweat . eye red and bleary , a sign that this night terror be not he first . he look around the SMALL sparse room like he 's try to remember where he be . try to convince himself it be just a dream . or maybe it 's because he 's finally hearing that -- rapraprap . from somewhere below . head and heart pound , he get off of a small cot and wipe the sleep away from he face as he stumble over to the stair that rapping a little louder now . a little more urgent . he start down the stair . frenchie come , come ... at the bottom , he reach a door . open it and stand in its threshold be -- -- Father burke and sister irene . wearing plain , pedestrian clothes in a effort to blend in . his eye drop down to Father burke 's wear leather satchel . suspicious ... frenchie ( cont 'd ) -.- what be it ? 12 . he look beyond they . out into a empty STREET of -- brasov , Romania like a lot of Romania , there be a fairy - tale quality to its architecture and landscape . except I do not think we story end with ‘... and they all live happily ever after . 's I be not even sure it end with ‘... and they all live . 's speak of which -- father burke Mr. thierault ? frenchie be not so sure he want to confirm this . he look over at sister irene . suddenly aware of she . to burke -- frenchie jealous husband or a angry father ? father burke I be sorry -- what ? frenchie it 's usually one of the two when a older man and young , beautiful and not so innocent girl show up on my doorstep at this hour of the morning ... sister irene it 's three in the afternoon . and I beg you pardon , Mr. thierault , but you and I have never meet . frenchie eye she up a down . frenchie then perhaps it 's time we do . he grab she hand in both of he . do not let go . frenchie ( cont 'd ) call I frenchie . everyone do ... smile . turn on the charm . father burke we be here , Mr. thierault , because of the nun you find at the Abbey . oh . shit. a nun ?! 13 . frenchie how have you -- ( wait ... ) be you a priest ? father burke and she 's a nun . immediately let go of she hand . smooth . frenchie forgive I for my impure thought , sister ... but I have no idea . I have never see a nun out of she vestment . not that I be oppose to it ... she blushes . father burke Mr. thierault -- frenchie -- the Abbey -- be it far from here ? frenchie in matter of distance , no . but it take time to get to . unfortunately you timing could not be worse . any day now this village will be overrun with the communist army ... father burke we will do we best to act quickly . do you know someone who can take we there ? frenchie no . I have discover that everyone in this town pretend like the Abbey do not exist . even talk about it will get you in trouble . sister irene if I may ask , why be you there ? frenchie I be deliver they quarterly supplies ... the Abbey apparently have have a arrangement with the town for decade ... 14 . father burke so then you can take we . hold on frenchie . his eye . Dark and haunt . you just know he have rather do anything else than go back there . frenchie I wish I could help you but maybe there 's somebody better suite . sister irene look at he . sister irene please . fuck . maybe he can say no to a priest but he definitely can not say no to a pretty face . even if she be a nun . ext . brasov STREET - later frenchie lead they to a rusted bucket of a truck . as he circle around , Father burke put they suitcase into its bed . and then -- the truck drive off with they . revealing frenchie stand by a horse - drawn wagon . both the wagon and horse have see better day . frenchie you take a plane from Rome . a bus from bucharest . but now you travel by horse . it 's the only way to reach the abbey . it might be 1952 where you be from but out here they be still in the Dark Ages ... ( attendez ... ) where be you thing ? still confuse , Father burke look down the street at the truck slowly rumbling away . g-ddamnit . and right before sister irene burst out laugh -- frenchie whistle after the truck . its brake brighten . CUT to : -- there suitcase . recover , strapped tight to the tall board of the 15 . horse -drawn wagon clopClopClopp along a bumpy barely - a-road that cut through spire mountain peek between pine . frenchie in the box seat . Father burke and sister irene sit in the back . burke study another crossword puzzle fold over on he knee . sister irene study he . father burke beginning . eight letter . with a W. show sister irene . sister irene dawn ? father burke dawn . write it in . sister irene do it work ? father burke you have a knack for this , sister . sister irene beginner 's luck . I never really like puzzle grow up ... father burke it 's not the puzzle I like as much as I like the answer . I like the certainty of the answer . we do not get much of that luxury in the life we have be call for ... sister irene but be not that where faith be suppose to step in ? father burke be it ? ( pause ) how long have you be a novitiate ? sister irene ... about three year . 16 . say that like she know what 's come next . father burke Three year . and you still have not take you temporary vow ? frenchie temporary vow ? I be under the impression there be not anything temporary about be a nun ... father burke there be a formation process to become a bride of Christ . sister irene temporary vow would help prepare I for a life of total consecration ... frenchie would , sister ? or will ? busted . he look back at she , curious . sister irene a little flustered . she gather herself . sister irene what bring a frenchman to the countryside of Romania ? frenchie actually I be french canadian but do not tell anyone . it do not sound as romantic ... he wink . she roll she eye . frenchie ( cont 'd ) and I be here because I want to see the world . but when I arrive in brasov and meet the people I know this be where I be mean to be -- I want to help they in any way I can ... a unexpected side of he . sister irene that 's very noble of you . sister irene and frenchie exchange a meaningful look when -- wagon jolt to a sudden stop . 17 . startles ‘em . sister irene ( cont ’d ) what happen ? surrounded by the pine . caste dark shadow . frenchie hop off the wagon . he grab he shotgun . father burke be everything okay ? frenchie we walk the rest of the way . the horse will not go any further . as Father burke and sister irene step off -- father burke perhaps you should get new horse . frenchie it 's not the horse , Father . it 's what lie ahead . they be scared . the Abbey -- the local say it be a curse place . the horse agree . sister irene stare into the darkness between the pine . everything so still . so silent . a sense someone be watch . burke circle around and begin to unstrap the suitcase . frenchie grab he arm : please ... frenchie ( cont 'd ) why do not you keep you thing here and you two stay in town tonight ? I would feel better about it . as Father burke continue with the suitcase -- father burke '' fear not , for I be with you ; be not dismay , for I be you God ; I will strengthen you , I will help you , I will uphold you with my righteous right hand . '' frenchie look over at sister irene . back to burke . frenchie j’ai essaye . I try . they walk . 18 . ext . barely -a-road - later branch block the sun . the darkness seem to dampen the sound . maybe that 's why everything seem so ... dead . sister irene if I may ask , Father , why be it the Church send you on such task ? father burke the Church reach out to I when it need a investigation into unusual phenomenon associate with Catholicism . unofficially they call it ' miracle hunt 's ... sister irene I think we be here because of a suicide ... father burke we be . but I confess that be only part of we investigation . we also have order from the vatican to determine if the grounds be still ... Holy . and off she look -- frenchie stop . point through the tree : frenchie I can give you my opinion on the matter now , Father . they look and see -- a castle . or it use to be , anyway . a long time ago . but for the last several hundred year it 's be home to the abbey of ST . carta look , there be no vampire in this movie . but if there be , you would totally understand why just by look at this place . it 's a fortress . round tower . wall of Stone . built to withstand the attack of foreign invader and time itself . sister irene that do not look like any Abbey I have see , Father ... 19 . Father burke throw she a look : no , I neither . CUT to : a wood cross . slowly pull back , revealing -- whoa . it be not alone . just one of hundred . Big cross . Little cross . Iron cross . Stone cross . stick . twig. woven . I mean , the Hill of cross be not get nothing on this place . it 's like a moat of religion that surround the Abbey . Father burke , sister petra and frenchie approach . they eye on the Abbey that loom ahead of they . Father burke note a tower that appear to have suffer some damage . father burke a result of the war ? frenchie bomb raid , yes . I have hear storey of how the ground shook for day after they . I have try to find more information on the castle itself but there be no record of it in the village and the local only spit when it be mention ... father burke spit ? sister irene to ward off evil . frenchie it 's a old and silly superstition ... drawing closer -- father burke do you try to contact someone inside when you find the nun ? frenchie I do . but no one respond . but then again in the two year I have be deliver supplies she be the first nun I have see . 20 . sister irene it be a convent of cloistered nun . they live with a spirit of detachment from material thing and be set apart from the world in order to maintain they intimate relationship with Jesus Christ ... it be not unusual for they to not make contact with a outsider . good to know . father burke do you mention you discovery to anyone in town ? frenchie the delivery man I replace . but he tell I to shut up about it ... sister irene what do he say about this place ? frenchie I have only hear he speak of it once -- when he be piss -- er , sorry -- inebriated . but it be gibberish ... ( remember ... ) mostly . drawing closer to the entrance , burke stop . look down . see blood on the stone . it 's like a Rorschach test . if you ask I it kinda look like ... ..- nah , nevermind . frenchie ( cont 'd ) that 's where I find she . they look up . see the frayed end of the rope swing in the breeze . but look -- beyond it -- in the arched window a figure . watch they . before it step away . Father burke make the sign of the Cross . kneel down . touches the blood . still wet . Fresh . sister irene how be that possible ? it 's be week .... 21 . frenchie I tell you . this place . what 's the opposite of a miracle , Father ? burke look at he . question cut deep for some reason . but he do not answer . he move over to the entrance door big. heavy . built to stay close . burke pull on a rust Iron Ring anyway . hinge groaaaaaaaan as the door open . burke pause . like he 's steeling himself . another sign of the Cross and then he enter , disappear into the shadow beyond . sister irene soon follow . frenchie about to enter as well but he stop . remember something . might as well ... he spit . and then step inside a dark narrow passage use to funnel outside invader so they can be easily attack . speak of invader -- we catch up to Father burke and sister irene . right outside of a small door . burke open it and they all enter the great parlor probably use to be the Lord 's Hall when this be a castle . lit by candle for any natural light be sparse in here . as it be with the rest of the castle . Fucking great . the furnishings be few . mainly that shelf of dusty book . a large confessional booth inspire by rodin 's ' Gates of Hell 's . and that lone high back chair . it 's not a throne . but close enough . behind it , the only passageway lead further into the convent be block off by a portcullis -- a vertical close gate consist of a lattice grille make of metal . along the exterior Wall , several plaster male and female face hang in interval on rectangular slab of White Stone . 22 . unnerve by they blank white eye , frenchie approach one . get close . because he think he hear someone behind it faintly whisper-se a familiar tune : a la claire fontaine mae allant promener , j’ai trouvé l’eau si belle que je m’y suis -- sister irene ( 0.s. ) they must be the death mask of the people inside that tomb . frenchie step away . sister irene and Father burke behind he . he 's rattle . do he really just hear that sing ? and wait -- frenchie -- tomb ? father burke here . in the wall . but before I get to that ... out of focus , in the background ...- who the hell be that now seat in the High back chair ? I mean I know it 's a nun . she 's wear a parlor veil . Long and black , it cover she face and fall onto she chest . that must be the abbess . and she do not move as she presumably watch -- sister irene , Father burke , and frenchie look over the tomb . etching -- name , date -- fade . hard to read . on sister irene sense the figure behind they . she turn . suspicion confirm . she move toward it . sister irene hello ? Father burke and frenchie turn . see the abbess . frenchie look over at the other , like -- be that normal ? sister irene ( cont ’d ) please excuse we unannounced arrival ... 23 . no answer . no movement . sister irene ( cont ’d ) hello ? nothing . unnerve , sister irene stop . look back at the other : now what ? she turn back to the abbess . and now see the abbess have cocked she head right at she . stare at she through the veil . God help we . abbess what be it you want ? father burke I be Father Michael burke . this be sister irene petra . to whom do we have the pleasure of speak to ? abbess I be the reverend mother . you be a priest ? what be a priest without he collar ? father burke forgive we appearance . but as you know , reverend mother , clothes do not make the Catholic . we be here on behalf of Rome to inquire about the recent death in you convent ... abbess what recent death ? frenchie there be a nun . I find she outside . by the entrance . abbess ( in french ) be that so ? frenchie . uneasy . do not want to respond . to frenchie -- father burke would you allow we a moment please ? frenchie nod . throw a look to sister irene . back at burke and the abbess . and then leave . okay , round two : jab . block . jab . uppercut . 24 . abbess you should leave with he . father burke be you say you be not aware of the recent pass of the nun ? abbess what be it you want , Father ? father burke Rome be concerned about the safety and well - be of you cloister . I would like to speak with the sister so I can offer my assurance to the Church ... abbess I can offer the assurance you seek . father burke I be afraid that will not suffice . they 's 11l just send more and perhaps less diplomatic Church official . abbess yes , Father . ( pause ) however now we be about to take we vesper follow by the great silence which continue until after breakfast ... come back tomorrow and you will find the answer you seek ... there be lodging in the Chapel . you may stay there . end of round . ext . abbey - afternoon - moment later the Gray Stone of the Abbey wall . the White knuckle of frenchie 's grip on he shotgun . suspect of everything . 25 . like a castle guard , he patrol the entrance . can not shake the feel of be watch . look up at the Dark window . be someone up there ? watch he ? grooco000000000000 aaaan. he spin . shotgun at the ready . sister irene and Father burke exit the Abbey . startle , frenchie quickly lower he aim . frenchie sorry -- I think -- or rather I be not think ... sister irene it 's fine , frenchie . frenchie who be that in there ? father burke that be the abbess . she be the second in command of the Abbey . frenchie why would not she let we see she ? sister irene she be wear a parlor veil . they be wear when meeting people outside they cloister to maintain the spirit of detachment ... father burke we need to wait until morning to speak with the nun ... frenchie so it 's settle then . you will come back with I and stay in town . burke walk over to the blood again . father burke that be not necessary . there be accommodation for we in the chapel ... frenchie about to protest . but bite he tongue instead . 26 . father burke ( cont ’d ) when you find the body , frenchie , what do you do ? leave it ? frenchie no . when no one inside the Abbey respond I move it to protect she body from the element . I intend on return to bury she but I could not bring myself to come back here . not ... not alone . father burke where do you move it to ? ext . the convent wall - moment later frenchie lead Father burke and sister irene around the perimeter . stop outside Storm cellar-like door . frenchie this be the ice house where I would leave my delivery . I never see anyone but they be always go when I return ... until now . when I find the sister I think move she in here would help ... preserve she ... he open one of the door . motion : after you ... Father burke and sister irene stoop down and enter into the ice house the headache gray daylight spill into it . they breath mist out in front of they as they eye sister Victoria . seat upright in the corner . Father burke about to go over to she but frenchie reach out and grab he arm once again : not so fast . frenchie ( cont 'd ) I should tell you one more thing , Father ... father burke what ? point to sister Victoria -- 27 . frenchie that be not how I leave she . waitwaitwait ... they both look over at frenchie . father burke what do you mean ? frenchie she be lay down when I leave she here . not like that . sitting up . um ... on father burke he creep over toward the sister Victoria 's body . need to get a closer look . on the shelf , food freeze with rot . father burke while unusual , there have be case of body twitching or sit up not long after death . frenchie but Father , who know how long she be dead when I find she .... Father burke stop . turn to frenchie . father burke you be not help . frenchie sorry ... Father burke turn back to sister Victoria . kneel beside she . wince as he see she head wound . make the sign of the Cross . his eye drop down to that cross she 's clutching in she dead , freeze hand . but look closer he see , wait -- it be not just a cross . sister irene what be it , Father ? it 's actually -- 28 . father burke look to be a key of some kind . he tug at the key . but the rosary it 's attach to be lock in sister Victoria 's dead finger . pull harder . rosary snap . bead scatter . but the Key be free . he inspect it further . see a engrave in its bronze : r1:18 do not ask I what it mean . no idea . neither do Father burke . he pocket it as he eye drift over to the access door lead into the castle . crack open . a inch . maybe two . be someone just watch he through it ? a chill . either from that or the cold . Father burke turn and face the other . father burke ( cont ’d ) we should give she a proper burial . ext . cemetery - later overgrown with tombstone and tall grass . next to a SMALL chapel that look as if it 's still stand by faith alone . Father burke and sister irene stand at sister Victoria 's Fresh grave . frenchie stand nearby with a shovel . head bow because -- father burke -- by whose mercy the faithful depart rest , send you holy angel to watch over this grave , through Christ we Lord . amen . sister irene amen . a breeze blow . we hear -- 29 . ting ... ting ... ting ... of tiny bell stake next to several grave . sister irene kneel by one of the bell . see twine tie to it while the other end of thread disappear into the dirt . she tug on the twine . ting . Bell ring . frenchie and Father burke appear behind she . frenchie it be common practice during the plague when people fear of be bury alive . if you be unfortunate enough for it to happen , you could ring the bell to let that above ground know they have make a mistake ... sister irene stand . they continue on toward a chapel that look as if it 's still stand by faith alone . int . chapel - late afternoon - moment later aging cloud of dust swirl in the day 's die light as Father burke , sister irene and frenchie enter into the nave the Main part of the Chapel . sure , it 's a House of God . but probably not one he come to very often . row of creaky pews . crack stain Glass window . a overturn confessional . and a large wooden cross above the altar . frenchie set down a SMALL BOX of supplies . but he 's still eager to get they both to leave : frenchie why could you not talk to the sister now ? why must it wait till morning ? sister irene the sister take a vow of silence from sunset to sunrise . that must be respected ... 30 . father burke you should begin head back yourself . I imagine you do not want to be catch on that road when night fall ... frenchie look up at the headless statue of the virgin mary . frenchie better the road than here , Father . father burke we will be fine , frenchie . come back tomorrow . that should give we enough time to get what we need . frenchie yes , Father . he turn and begin to exit the Church . throw one last look back at Father burke and sister irene . his grim expression say he be not so sure they 's 1ll be fine . he 's right . int . chapel - guest hallway - later sister irene open a closet . dig out old blanket and bed sheet . sniff they . surprise they be not mildew . she begin to head down to a Guest room when she pause to look at several framed photograph hang on the wall . picture of the convent and the nun . year go by . in the most recent one we see a familiar face -- sister Charlotte . whom we meet in the second annabelle . sister irene continue on to the guest bedroom but the light be scarce . she see a oil lantern on a nearby shelf . a BOX of match next to it . she strike the match and we -- CUT to : -- the oil lantern . glow between Father burke and sister irene as they sit at a small table ina 31 . cramped back kitchen eat bean paste with smoke meat . a staple of traditional romanian cuisine . it look ... edible . the table wine help . Father burke have he crossword puzzle open next to he plate . father burke transferal . sister irene transferal ? father burke transferal . thinks ... sister irene ..- pass ? Father burke write it in . stops. erase . father burke not enough letter . sister irene I tell you it be beginner 's luck . father burke perhaps . he continue to go over he puzzle . sister irene have something to say . you can tell by the way she sneak look at Father burke . say it now ? or ... now ? what about ... now : sister irene Father . you mention miracle hunt before . be that -- be that a role you seek out ? Father burke do not look up from he food . because he do not really want to have this conversation right now . or ever . 32 . father burke I be a chaplain in the war , station in near eus in the south of France . there be ... a incident . a child with vision . my work with the boy draw the attention of the Church and because of that I be recruit to look into the more unusual matter involve the Church ... sister irene so you know Bishop form ? that get he to look up . father burke how do you -- sister irene because he help I when I be young ... Father burke set he fork down : really ... sister irene ( cont ’d ) I have a series of vision when I be a girl . my father believe one of two thing : I be mentally unstable or worse , I be a liar . but word of my vision reach the church -- cardinal conroy specifically -- and he send Bishop form to meet with I . day before I be to be commit , they contact my Father and convinced he of a third option ... father burke that they be a miracle . sister irene that they could be . father burke and Bishop form , he speak to you about this vision ? sister irene he do . father burke and do he consider possession ? 33 . sister irene yes . but after he investigation he determine I be of pure spirit and suggest I dedicate myself to the Lord ... father burke have you have any vision since ? sister irene no . burke nod . his thought distant . sister irene ( cont ’d ) what about the boy ? do he eventually stop as well ? Father burke flinch . a painful memory . father burke yes . he stand . take he plate over to the sink . exit out of the Kitchen . leave sister irene all alone . with only more question . int . chapel - various - night the nave . the Kitchen . the altar . the side aisle . the back hallway . all be empty . and as silent as the grave . this include the first bedroom in which Father burke sleep . we slowly push in on he . like we be creep up , ready to pounce . somewhere behind we -- pitterpatterpitterpatterpitterpatter .... of footstep . and a playful giggle . loud enough that Father burke sit up . he squint into the gloom of night . something there ? or maybe he be just drea -- pitterpatterpitter ... no. 34 . that be not any dream . he throw back the cover and get out of he cot . move into the back hallway look in on sister irene in the second Guest bedroom . asleep in she cot . undisturbed by ... more footstep . Father burke spin and follow they into the nave still empty . still quiet . Father burke peer into the shadow that hang like cobweb . creak . behind he . he turn and see a boy . stand still near the side entrance . silhouett in the darkness . Father burke . a flicker of recognition on he face . be that ...? he take a step forward for a better look but -- Boy take off . outside the entrance . Father burke hurry after he . ext . cemetery - night - continuous a starless , moonless night . feel like it 's near lifeless too . as Father burke pause by a crumble tombstone . where have the boy go ? Father burke walk deeper into the cemetery . his eye dart from grave to grave . search . the Boy could be anywhere . or maybe he 's go entirely . because he do not seem to be anywhere . damnit . Father burke begin to turn back but -- the boy. 35 . there he be . stand still in the darkness . his head hang . and whoa , it look like he 's sprouted wing from he back . who be this ? unnerve , Father burke slowly approach . slow and deliberate . do not want to scare the boy away . as he draw closer , he realize that wing . they be stone . because the boy be stand in front of a angel statue . Boy keep he head down . his eye off burke . Father burke use this as a opportunity to get even closer when -- the Boy snap he eye up at burke . burke stop . can not believe it -- father burke Daniel ? the Boy begin to convulse , like he 's choke . something catch in be throat . something big . he hack . open he mouth . and slowly vomit out a large snake . the snake hissssssssssses as it writhes out of the Boy 's stretch open mouth . slither into the grass . startle , Father burke back away and start to hurry across the cemetery . look back over he shoulder and -- Falls into a hole in the ground . a shallow grave . burke land hard in a open coffin . lid slam shut and inside the coffin burke slam he fist against the lid . struggle to get it open . but it will not budge . and what 's worse be ... thud . thud . thud . right on the other side of the lid . the sound unmistakable . it 's clump of dirt . he 's be bury alive . Father burke scream and we -- CUT to : 36 . sister irene shoot straight up out of bed . like she just have a terrible dream . gasp for air . she look around the second guest bedroom all seem normal . but still . a feel creep over she . a sense that something be not right . and then -- a shadow pass over . walk by . startles she . she get out of bed . as behind she the moonlight cast shadow on the wall . branch . bed post . sister irene light the oil lantern . as it brighten , that shadow on the wall fade . except for one . a very familiar silhouette . but sister irene do not see it as she carry the oil lantern out into back hallway see the door to Father burke 's room be ajar . she approach , try to get a glimpse inside . see if he 's okay . sister irene Father ? no answer . hesitant , she creeeak open the door further to find it 's empty . concerned , sister irene turn and be face with -- that shadow on the wall behind she . in the unholy shape of the nun . it move . walk along the wall and floor . toward the nave . where she hear distant chanting . whispering . and praying . unsettle , sister irene follow the shadow into the nave and see Dark figure . sitting in the pews . facing the altar like they be listen to a sermon . they back toward we . they're nun . sister irene ( cont ’d ) Excuse I ? 37 . wait . but no reaction . she start toward one of the nun close to she but stop when she see -- the shadow of the nun . it have return . and begin to walk along the Chapel wall . sister irene watch . eye follow the shadow . it turn she around as it move into a mirror . in the reflection the shadow become a body . you can not see she face but you do not need to . you know . it 's the demon nun . stand in front of the altar . under that huge wooden Cross . the demon nun raise she hand and point at irene . screech . and now all the other nun turn and look at sister irene as well . they face gruesome and pale . sister irene snap back to look at they behind she . but no one be there . and as she process whether she imagine this -- boom ! the huge wooden Cross crash to the ground . terrify , sister irene turn and run out of the nave . returning into the back hallway Calling out for -- sister irene ( cont ’d ) Father ! check the Kitchen . Priest 's Study . the meeting room . but Father burke be nowhere to be find . her panic increase , sister irene stumble out of the Chapel . 38 . ext . chapel - night -— continuous sister irene stop right outside the exit . suddenly confront with the night . her eye scan the landscape . she feel too expose . but then -- tingtingt ... sister irene look over in the direction of the cemetery . tingtingtingting ... she move over into the cemetery tombstone in shadow seem like abandon ancient alien artifact . sister irene walk among they . a stranger in a even stranger land as she continue to follow the -- TingTingTinTingTingTingTing ... lead she to a old grave . she kneel down . set the lantern beside she . it illuminate the tiny bell continue to ring . she stop the bell . pause . like , now what ? but then she look down at the ground . scare , she put she ear close to the earth . listen . and through the dirt she hear -- the muffled scream of father burke . sister irene . stun . how be that possible ? this grave look like it 's be fill for decade . nevermind that for now -- sister irene Father ! father ! start to dig she finger into the dirt . scrape it away , desperate . continue to call out for -- sister irene ( cont ’d ) Father ! I can hear you ! 39 . she look around for something to help she . see the shovel frenchie use earlier lean against the grave . get up . grab it . she begin to dig . and dig . and dig . thump ! must be the coffin . not six foot under . but far enough . let the shovel drop . returns to use she hand . as she sweep away the surface dirt , she reveal hundred of tiny cross . scratch deep into the lid of the coffin . Father burke continue to pound against the lid . sister irene pries it open . Father burke sit right up , gasp for life . he grasp onto sister irene like she 's just pull he from the depth of death . eventually able to muster -- father burke thank you ... sister ... thank ... streak with dirt and sweat , sister irene look past Father burke and back into the coffin . it 's fill with book . ext . chapel - early morning as the day 's first light break , we hear the whispering of -- int . chapel - guest bedroom - continuous -- sister irene . kneel at she bedside . reciting she laud . eye close . her voice tremble , finger fidget . still clearly rock by the event of last night . sister irene -- be now , and ever shall be , world without end . amen. alleluia . do not sound so joyous though . she open she eye . they take in the small room , light soft by the purple dawn . she sigh : damn . be not a dream . CUT to : medieval illustration . 40 . detail exquisitely gruesome . blueprint for strange torture device . animal stake . Men skinned . woman burn . and word . inked in elaborate script . I guess they be in Latin ? romanian ? not sure . but they seem like -- father burke ( 0.s . ) -- witchcraft . he look up from write in he journal as sister irene enter the SMALL kitchen candle burn . the morning sun still weak . several ancient texts open on the table . other stack on the floor . a treasure trove of medieval madness . father burke ( cont ’d ) incantation , spell , curse , unholy ritual use to conjure demon and devil and open portal to the underworld . most of this book be hundred of year old but look at they -- ink still fresh , page intact , color bright . sister irene it 's heresy . they should have be destroy ... father burke there be a belief in certain circle that destroy any object of magick could release whatever power be believe to be store inside . I suspect that 's why they be bury in the grave of the Marquis instead of be destroy outright ... sister irene Marquis ? father burke the original owner of the castle it seem . his seal be in each of this book ... show she the seal paint on a page : it resemble the ourobouro . only more sinister . 41 . sister irene why would a marquis have book on witchcraft ? father burke I pray we talk with the nun will answer that for we ... sister irene . lose in bad thought . he nod . father burke ( cont ’d ) everything all right , sister ? sister irene yes , Father . it 's just the event of last night ... what I see in the Chapel ... it weigh on I . father burke I see something too . it 's what draw I to the cemetery ... a boy . Daniel ... sister irene the boy from France ? father burke unlike you case , after what I believe be careful evaluation , I make the judgment he be possess and proceed to act accordingly , within the law of the Church . it be my first exorcism . sister irene be it a success ? father burke the Church think so . they believe the evil be cast out ... sister irene but not you ? father burke Daniel sustained severe injury during the exorcism . one from which he could not recover . he die day later . I often wonder if I be too eager with my determination . ( pause ) that be a puzzle . 42 . sister irene be you certain it be he you see last night ? he look up at she . not sure he want to answer that question . waitaminute ... father burke territory . sister irene Excuse I ? father burke cardinal conroy recommend you because you be familiar with the territory . he do not mean Romania . he mean you vision . you be familiar with strange phenomenon ... hold on sister irene . if she be not so pious she have probably be scream ‘oh fuck oh shit 's inside she head right now . maybe she be anyway . ext . abbey - day everything about the convent scream ' do not come any closer 's . but there 's Father burke and sister irene anyway . trudge up the path . they stop when they come to sister Victoria 's blood stain because ... sister irene ... there 's more of it . she 's right . the blood stain be larger . as if the earth itself be wounded , bubbling over with blood . father burke another puzzle . sister irene Father . be this we answer to whether the grounds be still holy ? Father burke look at the convent . father burke it 's common for evil to surround a place such as this . ( more ) 43 . father burke ( cont 'd ) it be a fortress , after all . built to keep unwanted force out . the question we have to answer , sister , be have it be breach ? not to give anything away but ... yeah . it have . CUT to : a angry bear . carve on the sign of the black bear pub which be like the unofficial City Hall of brasov . int . the black bear pub - day litter with daydrinker . as much a fixture as the light , the tap , and the bar . at which slump -- frenchie . nursing he beer . a young woman , 19 and a beauty , hang on he . speak romanian , she whisper into he ear . frenchie you know I do not speak romanian . she whisper some more . frenchie ( cont 'd ) I still have no idea what you be talk about , Mademoiselle . more whisper . she smile as she do . so do frenchie . not at what she 's say though . but at she hand on he thigh . frenchie nod : yes , yes , now he understand ... frenchie ( cont 'd ) I agree . action do speak louder than word ... voice ( 0.s. ) frenchie ! oh shit . frenchie swat she hand away . he turn . see it 's gregoro , 60 . waving he over . phew ... 44 , to the Young woman -- frenchie do not leave . he walk over . gregoro that couple I see you with yesterday . who be they ? frenchie a Priest and a nun . I take they up to the Abbey ... gregoro 's expression harden . gregoro the Abbey ? why ? frenchie they be send by the Church . gregoro be they still up there ? they stay the night ? frenchie yes . I pick they today . gregoro motion to the bartender : one more drink ... gregoro you recently discover a body up there , do not you ? frenchie yes . gregoro well , drink up to steel you nerve , son . I believe you be about to discover two more . int . parlour - moment later candle light . feel like it 's always night time in here . the chair sit empty . we hear footstep echo before we see sister irene and Father burke enter the chamber . 45 . both quiet . try to listen for sign of life . but they hear none . Father burke walk over to the doorway block by the Portcullis . Beyond it , a passageway drape in shadow . through the Iron grate -- father burke hello ? abbess ? as request , we be hear to speak with the nun ... listen . still no answer . he look back at sister irene : any idea ? but then -- clinkclinkclinkclinkclinkclinkclink ! of the Portcullis . Father burke step back . in the wall , they hear the rusted link of a ancient chain clinkclinkclink as it raise the Portcullis . sister irene walk over and join Father burke at the threshold of the passageway sister irene look above they , see the spike end of the Portcullis jutting out from they recess in the ceiling . like rotting fang . father burke ( cont ’d ) that seem like as much of a invitation as we will get here . sister irene I will go find the abbess . Father burke pull the rosary Key out of he pocket . father burke take this . 46 . she do . father burke ( cont ’d ) see what you can find out about it . it be obviously important to the decease ... sister irene nod . run she finger along the engrave . r1:18 . wonder what it mean ... father burke ( cont ’d ) I realize last night what it mean . revelation 1:18 : ' I be he that liveth , and be dead ; and , behold , I be alive for evermore , amen ; and have the key of Hell and of death . 's frankly , I have rather not know that . sister irene I think agree . as she give another quick glance to the tooth above . before she cross step into the shadow of the passageway . we follow . through narrow darkness and into the Bright Light of a courtyard once the beat heart to the castle , it now seem dead and lifeless . as if the sun have not shine on it for century . sister irene stand at the center . not sure which way to go . that way ? this way ? how about back the way you come . leave . she peer into the shadow under the arched Walkways . a sense she 's be watch . just not sure from -- wait -- a blur of movement . out of the corner of she eye . over there . sister irene turn . see just in time a nun disappear through a door and -- sister irene hello ? wait ! she follow the nun and enter into the dine hall 47 . no sign of any nun . but on the tables , a few plate with scattered bread crumb . Water glass half empty . like they be just here . at each set , a holy card . brand new . Color . each one depict a different saint with a accompany prayer . she hear a clatter come from the kitchen sister irene walk in . expecting to find someone . but she only find instead meat roasting on a spit over a fire . and the faucet dripdripdripp . she shut it off . and then move toward the exit and back out into the courtyard creeeeeeeeeaaaak . clack . she spot one of the Chapel double Doors close . hurries over and push it back open and walk into the private chapel do not mistake private for small though . vault ceiling . stain Glass . prayer candle . and that pipe organ . but eye up front . because kneel before a life-size wood carve statue of the virgin mary cradling a baby jesus be -- a nun . back to we . whisper prayer . sister irene approach . slowly cause you just know something fuck up be about to happen . sister irene know it too . somewhere above the rafter , a bird flutter and chirp . try to draw we attention away from the nun . but no , can not let it happen . we be not take we eye off that nun . sister irene ( cont ’d ) Excuse I ? no answer . 48 . edge herself ever closer . sister irene ( cont ’d ) sister ? sister irene stand right behind she now . kneel nun still whisper prayer . sister irene listen longer than I would . but that 's not say much . sister irene slowly begin to circle around to get a glimpse of the kneel nun 's face when -- from behind she , a hand reach out . grab sister irene . sister irene spin and see another nun stand in shadow before she . this be sister miranda , 20 . sister irene quickly look back at the kneel nun . still say she prayer . sister miranda this convent have have perpetual adoration for century . the sister pray in shift to maintain the constant vigil . sister irene I be sorry to have disturb she . sister miranda you do not . but almost . however sister Ruth have withstood more than just someone sneaking up behind she ... sister irene . embarrass . sister miranda step a little more into the light . revealing a face of bruise beauty . make you wince . sister irene too . sister miranda ( cont ’d ) I be sister miranda . we be tell you be come ... sister irene y-y . I be here with Father burke . there be a official inquiry into the circumstance that lead to the recent and unfortunate death in you cloister ... sister miranda consider this . then : 49 , sister miranda please . follow I . int . great parlour - continuous Father burke flip through one of the dusty book . on every page , the same passage . over and over again . he read -- father burke ' , .. and out of the ground the Lord God form every beast of the field and every bird of the sky , and bring they to the man to see what he would call they ; and whatever the man call a live creature , that be its name . 's thump . Father burke turn . thumpthump . come from the direction of that tomb . he close he journal and put it back into he satchel as he walk over toward they . death mask stare back at he . which one be it ? thump . that one . Father burke walk over to the tomb . he put he ear up against its slab . hear something move inside . Father burke look around the parlour . he see a old FIRE poker lean up against the Book shelf . grab it and return to the tomb . use the poke to pry open the tomb , revealing -- a shriveled , old corpse . surrounded by coil and coil of writhing snake . Holy shit ... horrify , burke reel back . it 's as if the very wall of this castle be infest with this serpent . he watch a snake slither across the length of the parlor and disappear into a crack in the stone . 50 . Father burke quickly shut the tomb . turn and look back at the parlor : what be this place ? and then , a flash of memory . prompt he into action . from he satchel , Father burke pull out one of the ancient texts find last night . flip the page and see -- a illustration . of this parlor . but with a symbol on the floor . Father burke walk to the center of the room . get on he knee and inspect the floor . smell it . huh . something there for sure . dip he finger in it . tastes that and yeah it 's -- father burke ( cont ’d ) sulphur . reaches back into he bag . pull out a vial fill with powder . pour a little of it onto the floor . strike a match . light the powder with it and -- fwoooosh ! it catch fire and burn in the outline and shape of a giant pentagram across the entire floor of the parlor . the fire flare brightly before it flame out . leave a burnt MARK behind . Holy shit . int . sitting room - later a Fire crack and pop in the hearth . sister miranda and sister irene sit in nearby chair . feeling its warmth . it would be cozy . if it be not creepy . sister miranda finish stir a cup of tea and offer it to sister irene . she take it . sip it . bitter. Gross . but she manage a polite and grateful smile anyway . sister miranda sister Victoria 's death be a terrible tragedy for the convent but we still feel she presence . ( more ) 51 . sister miranda ( cont 'd ) she be the most devote out of any of we ... a heavy pause . and a darkness in the doorway behind sister irene catch sister miranda 's eye . she stare as -- sister irene turn and look . no one there . sister miranda ( cont ’d ) Excuse I , sister ... up from she chair . over to the door . she quickly close it . the creeeeake hinge rival the crackle fire . she return to she seat by the fire . sister miranda ( cont ’d ) sister vict -- creeeaaaaaaak . shit. door OPEN . both sister irene and sister miranda look . stand in the shadow -- who be that ? -- the nun ? -- or just a nun ? well , whoever it be turn and walk out of view . sister miranda . slight tremble . slight break in she voice as she turn back to sister irene and explain : sister miranda ( cont ’d ) forgive we . we be highly protective of we privacy . some of the sister would prefer I not speak to you at all ... sister irene we appreciate you willingness to do so ... sister miranda force a smile . look back over she shoulder . distract . sister irene try to pull she attention back -- sister irene ( cont ’d ) sister miranda -- last night -- in the Chapel -- I see a nun ... it work . that get sister miranda 's attention . her face pale . her eye wide . brimming with fear . 52 . sister irene ( cont ’d ) she be ... she feel ... anything but Holy ... once more sister miranda look to make sure they be alone . and then she lean in and whisper to sister irene -- sister miranda do you see she too ? I have see she stalking the hallway at night . we all have ... she look like we . but she 's not one of we . it 's something unholy . it take on the blasphemous form to corrupt we ... it make sister Victoria commit the ultimate sin and -- voice ( 0.s . ) sister miranda -- sister abigail , 30 , appear next to they . voice / sister abigail it 's time to attend to you prayer ... sister miranda and sister irene quickly stand . both startle by the sudden presence of sister abigail . and from they conversation . sister miranda yes , sister . sister abigail look at sister irene . pass judgment . sister abigail you have not take you vow yet ? sister irene no . sister abigail you should not be here . this be not a place for you ... sister irene . taken aback . tries to stammer out a excuse but sister abigail do not allow for one . sister abigail ( cont ’d ) sister Victoria be a troubled young woman . her family have a history of mental illness . ( more ) 53. sister abigail ( cont ’d ) a suicide be a tragedy but that be all it be -- a woman who have lose she grip on reality . sister abigail leave . sister miranda come , sister . I will show you out . int . convent - walkway - moment later sister irene follow sister miranda to the passageway . before she leave , sister irene remember the rosary Key in she pocket . pull it out and show it to sister miranda . sister irene sister Victoria have this in she possession when she die . do you happen to know what it 's for ? a flash of recognition across sister miranda 's face tell we that yeah , she definitely do . but again she say -- sister miranda no . spot something out of the corner of she eye . not sure what . but whatever it be it cause she to -- sister miranda ( cont ’d ) now. please . go. sister irene Father burke will want to hear this directly from the abbess . sister miranda I 'il see what can be do . she look back over she shoulder . a nun stand on a balcony . that same one from earlier . look down on they with a face shroud in shadow . sister irene who be that ? eye up to the balcony -- 54 . sister miranda tell Father to remember Matthew 6:13 : '' trust in the Lord with all you heart , and do not lean on you own understanding ... '' int . parlour - moment later sister irene step out of the passageway . see the burnt outline of the pentagram . make the sign of the Cross . look around the parlour . it 's empty . no sign of Father burke . she hurry for the exit . ext . convent - moment later Father burke look over at sister irene as she exit the convent . frenchie run over to she . frenchie dieu merci . be you okay ? sister irene yes . Fine . thank you . Father , what be that in the parlour ? frenchie what be what ? father burke nothing . just more remnant of the past ... ( to sister irene ) what do you find ? sister irene something be off . they be be torment by something . the nun I speak with -- sister miranda -- she say she 's see thing too . thing that I have see . they all have . but she tell I this in confidence -- like she be scared to speak of it . it be my belief that this be why they keep perpetual adoration as well , Father . for century , I be tell . father burke really ? oh. shit. 55 . frenchie adoration ? qu ’est - ce que c’est ? sister irene it 's constant prayer . every hour of every day . frenchie how be that possible ? they need to sleep , do not they ? father burke the sister do not pray all at the same time . it 's do in shift . sister irene when I be leave , Father , sister miranda want I to remind you of Matthew 3:13 : '' trust in the Lord with all you heart , and do not lean on you own understanding ... '' father burke that be not Matthew . that 's proverbs . sister irene I know . I think she quote the wrong verse because she fear someone be listen to we . someone who would not know Matthew 3:13 ... frenchie what 's Matthew 3:13 ? sister irene it 's a part of the Lord 's prayer . '' lead we not into temptation , and deliver we from evil . '' sister irene ( cont ’d ) it 's a cry for help . Father burke look up at the convent . think . frenchie please . let we go back into town . if I can not bring you to you sense I know a man there who will . 56 . father burke who ? ext . the black bear pub - night frenchie lead sister irene and Father burke to the entrance . he hesitates . sheepishly look over to sister irene . sister irene what be it ? frenchie it be not the classiest of establishment , sister . like maybe you should stay outside but -- sister irene neither be the stable in bethlehem but that serve its purpose . she enter . after a look , frenchie and Father burke follow . int . the black bear pub - second later fill with life and song . a stark contrast to to the Abbey . frenchie push through the crowd . sister irene and Father burke follow . several women -- some young , some older , but all beautiful -- pull at frenchie : sit with I , frenchie . over here , frenchie . go fuck yourself , frenchie ... frenchie look back at sister irene . see she eyeing they suspiciously ... sister irene so this be what you mean by help the people of this town ? frenchie what can I say , sister -- I have charitable nature ... once again she roll she eye . they continue on . moment later at a table tuck away in the back of the bar . gregoro pour two shot . pushes one toward Father burke . 57 . Father burke wave it off : I be good . gregoro Priest or no priest , I do not trust any man who will not drink with I . Father burke look at the other . like , when in Rome ... ania . he drink . gregoro immediately pour another . look at he . go on ... Father burke pick it up . shoot . score . gregoro nod in satisfaction . gregoro ( cont ’d ) I want to make something clear at the start , Father . no matter what I say -- this be not rumor . this be not exaggeration . this storey be true . pass down through my family for generation . it have be we burden to live with this truth . but we carry it proudly , like soldier -- so we may protect that around we from do any harm ... father burke then in that way you be not unlike a Priest . we also have we storey that some would call rumor or exaggeration . but we know the truth and we protect it , so we can help other ... so I assure you , gregoro , we listen with open mind . gregoro nod . well say . gregoro mount sinai . the Garden tomb . the Chapel of ascension ... this be holy place , yes ? yes . gregoro ( cont ’d ) there be unholy place as well , Father . as with holy grounds , I do not know the number , but if there be five -- if there be twenty -- if there a hundred -- it make no matter -- that Abbey be the most godless of they all ... 58 . pour. drink . and then -- gregoro ( cont ’d ) it be build by the Marquis of snake in the Dark Ages . you hear of vlad the impaler , yes ? a man consume with stretch out the last painful moment of life . but when death come , he interest be no more . this be not so for the Marquis . in fact that be when he interest begin .... flashback : the marquis , 5as . if a serpent ever take the form of man , it would look a lot like the Marquis . tall . thin. venomous . he lean over a villager , 20 . arm , leg and neck strapped down tight to a wooden table with leather binding . we be somewhere underneath the castle the Marquis hold a ceremonial dagger against the belly of the villager . villager squirm . as much as he 's able . gregoro ( v.o. ) he would kill -- murder -- husband and wife -- father and mother -- son and daughter -- brother and sister -- young -- old -- it do not matter . he do it to study death ... Marquis plunge the Dagger into the belly of the villager . we pan up the villager as the Marquis continue to slice . until we reach the Marquis . stare into the eye of the villager . listen to he scream . soaking ‘em in . off screen , we sense he 's stop slice . he 's take this person to the brink of death . just a second or two away . the villager have stop scream . his eye stare past the Marquis . like it 's see something from beyond . marquis tell I what you see . 59 . gregoro ( 0.s . ) convince he could not just conquer it -- but control it . he be a student but soon become a teacher of the occult .... int . chamber - continuous the Marquis dip he pen in a bottle of blood . he begin to write in exquisite script across a long parchment . behind he , more villager . in various state of decomposition . some long dead . other close to it . gregoro ( v.o . ) he write countless text , fill with spell for conjure demon and ritual in which to call upon the force of Hell . think of we prayer -- we selfish prayer -- heal I , save I , do I this one favor , God . such little request in the grand scheme of thing , no ? int . castle courtyard - later a FIRE burn . in front of it , the Marquis in ceremonial robe hold up serpent . they twist and slither onto he . his occult follower begin to chant . gregoro ( v.o . ) the Marquis have grander ambition and become a devout follower of Hell and all its demon dwelling within ... and unlike some of we prayer , Father , he be answer . Hell use he as a tool to open a portal so that its evil would walk among we ... the FIRE brighten and -- int . undercroft - continuous -- a close door explode OPEN with the red light of hell . int . the black bear pub - continuous back on gregoro and the other . 60 . sister irene do no one try and stop he ? gregoro many do . many fail . it be not easy when you go into battle against Hell itself . but the Church ultimately find success -- though it be costly . known as the secret crusade or the serpent crusade ... flashback : int . castle - continuous Knights and Holy Men STORM the Castle . occult follower scramble . but all meet they end in bloody fashion . gregoro ( 0.s. ) ... the Church storm the castle and kill the Marquis and he follower ... in the grand parlor the Marquis . cornere by two Priests . the Marquis smile . grab a torch . swing it the two Priests . they step back . and then -- the Marquis bring the torch to he sleeve . set himself on fire . the flame consume he . he run toward the Priests . toward we . take we back into Bright White Light of -- CUT to : daylight . shine down over the Castle . Priests walk the grounds . sprinkle Holy Water . swing thuribles burn with incense . lip move in prayer . 61 . gregoro ( v.o . ) as a defensive measure , the Church claim the castle as they own , create the Abbey to forever bless the grounds as Holy to protect we against any potential fall out . and it do . for many generation . but after the war , something change there ... flashback : one bomb . two bomb . Three ... a AIR raid . we follow ‘em down as they land and explode the romanian countryside . the Castle shake . damage be do . CUT to : somewhere dark , a door frame buckle slightly . and the door crack open . a unholy red light begin to bleed through ... end flashback : int . the black bear pub - continuous gregoro stare at the other . gregoro the ground become fallow , the livestock fall sick and die , and this once peaceful and pious village have become this ... he gesture around the bar . at all the revelry , the drunkenness , the devil- may - care attitude ... gregoro ( cont ’d ) but it do not stop here in this village . look at what be happen to the rest of this country . like a disease it have spread ... religion be drive out . evil be win this war ... burke flinch . gregoro ( cont ’d ) you feel it too , do not you ? I fear the nun in that convent have fail we . the door have be open . ( more ) 62 . gregoro ( cont ’d ) and if it be , how much time do we have leave before the world go to Hell ? drink . and as gregoro slam the shot glass down again we -- CUT to : ext . brasov STREET - later Father burke , sister irene , and frenchie exit the Black bear pub and walk off down the empty street . determined -- father burke we will need the use of you wagon and horse again , frenchie . frenchie my wagon ? for what -- return to the Abbey ? you can not be serious . father burke what else would you have we do ? frenchie return to we life ? father burke that Abbey exist for hundred of year without incident . until very recently . you hear gregoro -- something change . if there be a portal and it 's be open we need to close it ... ( pause ) we only need you wagon , frenchie . we do not need you . frenchie look over at sister irene . he can sense she unease , she hesitation , she fear . frenchie you do not have to go . you can stay here . with I . let he save the world on he own ... sister irene stand between they . debate . she make a choice . move toward Father burke . 63 . frenchie ( cont 'd ) sister . be you certain ? you really be go to go with he up there ? sister irene not just with he . we go with God . ext . romanian countryside - dawn Father burke and sister irene sit in the box seat . burke hold the reign as the horse clopclopclop along . like it 's a funeral procession . sister irene on we first night here you ask if the vision be what lead I to this life ... they do not . Father burke look at she : tell I more . sister irene ( cont ’d ) my vision be not like we Lady of fatima or we Lady of lourd . I do not see a apparition of the bless virgin Mary , hear the voice of the angel , or receive word of prophecy . the thing I see , Father ... when I see they -- it do not feel as if the Lord be call for I . it feel as if I be be call by something ... else . so they do not lead I into this life . they push I . they force I into it -- hope my devotion to the Lord would protect I from the unholy evil I know ... father burke and it have so far , have not it ? sister irene until we come to this place . the evil I sense as a child . the vision I see -- they never have a face . but last night ... last night I look directly into its eye . I be terrify . but it be then I also truly know for the first time that I be right and my father be wrong -- I be not crazy . 64 . father burke faith protect . and the truth -- John 8:32 -- the truth will you set you free ... clopclopclop ... CUT to : cracked stone . and then blood lap over it . like the tide come in . the blood of sister Victoria have grow even worse . that wound in the earth no doubt a fatal one . it stop right at the foot of Father burke and sister irene . both look up at the abbey of ST . carta and then at each other . like this be go to be some kind of showdown . they continue they approach . splish . splish . splish . we pull back and reveal the cemetery and sister Victoria 's grave . dug up . like something crawle out of it . int . parlour - moment later Father burke and sister irene enter . Father burke walk over to the passageway . he be about to enter but -- wait -- sister irene Father burke . please . we know this place be not originally build as a convent . but the Church deem it Holy ground . we must respect that or we sacrilege may empower whatever evil may reside within . can not believe she 's say this but -- sister irene ( cont ’d ) let I go in and find the sister . father burke but sister irene -- sister irene I be afraid of this place , Father . but I fear it more if we begin treat it with irreverence . father burke you make a good point . but I be still go in . yeah he be . except for what happen next . which happen in second , okay ? Father burke -- -- start to move toward the door . but they both hear a slight click ! above they . they look up right as -- the Portcullis drop . sister irene push Father burke out of the way . he fall back as -- clank ! the Portcullis drop . inch away from the tip of he shoe . Holy shit . he look up at sister irene . in disbelief . through the portcullis -- sister irene I nil go find sister miranda . father burke I ' 1l look for another way in . sister irene turn to go but not before -- father burke ( cont ’d ) sister . thank you . she nod . 66 . and step into darkness . int . / ext . convent - courtyard - continuous sister irene enter . struck by a sense of forebode . maybe because the convent seem even more lifeless than before . Ground look crack and churn over . like a scabbed wound . the occasional whistle of wind -- and sister irene 's breathe -- the only sound . sister irene hello ? her voice so small . her sense of dread so big . feeling expose , sister irene look for cover under one of the arched walkway that run along the perimeter of the Abbey . she push open a nearby door and poke she head into the private chapel rafters rotting . prayer candle nearly burn out . and that once - beautiful pipe organ . cover under a thick layer of dust . evidence it have not be use for age . what have happen here ? sister irene approach the altar see that wood carve statue of mary cradling the baby Jesus . or -- as sister irene draw nearer -- um -- that 's what it use to be . because it 's since be deface . and now the virgin Mary look just like the nun . or wait , be it actually the nun ? and look at the baby Jesus she cradle . he have wing . of a fuck pigeon . ripped off one of that dozen of dead pigeon that lay in puddle of they own blood near the altar. 67 . sister irene quickly cross herself and shut she eye tight . like she know this be a image that will haunt she for the rest of she day . however many leave there may -- organ blast . behind she . one deep , loud flat chord . like the augment 4th . otherwise know as the ' Devil 's interval 's . startle , she turn . see no one . but the chord literally wake the dead . and all of the bird behind she flutter up into darkness above the rafter . sister irene scream . run to the side of the Chapel . look above she into the darkness hang overhead . bird somewhere up there . she can hear they wing flap . how be that possible ? her eye once again be draw to the altar . over to the statue of the not-virgin nun and she wing baby . sister irene ( cont ’d ) sister miranda ? anyone ? creeeeaaaaaak . she turn . private Chapel door begin to close . sister irene ( cont ’d ) no! wait ! she hurry . and right as the door be about to clack shut -- she push it back open wide . sister irene ( cont ’d ) please -- step back out into the courtyard corridor not a soul . 68 . at first , anyway . because then she see the edge of a nun 's habit flap at the Far end of the corridor . as if a nun be stand just around the corner . spy on she . sister irene ( cont ’d ) hello ? sister miranda ? the sister slip behind the corner . disappear . uh ... sister irene follow . not sure she should -- or want -- to be do this . turn the same corner and see -- that nun hurry toward the the far end when sister irene blurt out again -- sister irene ( cont ’d ) please ! wait ! but the nun do not . duck into another door. sister irene chase she down and into the dine hall not at all like we last see it . sister irene recoil at the stench of the rotted meat splatter on the table . stack dirty plate . chair overturn . and scattered on the floor , she see that holy card color fade . even the Saints themselves seem like they have age . and who 's that there ? sister irene pick it up . see it 's the virgin Mary . or use to be before it be deface with black ink . Black circle around the eye . Black line across the lip . they all resemble the demon nun . sister irene pick up a few other Holy card scattered about . not every one -- but enough -- be deface the same way . sister irene lower the last deface card to reveal -- the shadow of the demon nun . on the back wall . 69 . sister irene ( cont ’d ) no ... it begin to move . as it do , it rattles the pot . clang the pan . knock over shelve . plates crash to the floor . the shadow stop behind a dine table . move its arm out like it 's grab the edge of the table and then -- fling the table at sister irene . it fly across the dining Hall right toward she . it just miss she as sister irene turn and race out of the Hall . back into the courtyard corridor where she seek refuge . to gather herself . which be when she see the edge of a nun 's habit flap at the Far end of the corridor . as if a nun be stand just around the corner . spy on she . sister irene ( cont ’d ) hello ? sister miranda ? the sister slip behind the corner . disappear . uh ... sister irene slowly walk the length of the corridor . not sure she should -- or want -- to be do this . she turn the corner into another corridor lead deeper into the convent . and at the far end , we just see that nun hurry toward the the far end when sister irene blurt out again -- sister irene ( cont ’d ) please ! wait ! that nun stop . but do not turn around . sister irene stop too . not sure what to do . stay here ? approach ? no . do not approach . please . 70 . sister irene risk get closer . somewhere , the wind continue to whistle . so close she could reach out and touch the nun . she do not though . only begin to inch herself ever closer when -- that nun dart forward again . right through a arched open where another corridor begin . this one even darker . she pick up a nearby candle . Burning its wick . begins to walk down , revealing -- crucifixe and cross . they be everywhere . as if we be about to enter a cave and they be the stalactite and stalagmite . sister Victoria stare into the blackness of the corridor of crucifixe . wonder the same thing we be : what in the hell must be down there ? probably nothing good . CUT to : -- a map of the castle . and we get a better sense of its massive labyrinthine layout . design for defense in mind , as be most medieval castle . that corridor there be probably where we just leave sister irene . and what 's ahead of she be hard to tell . that area of the map be cover in one big blotch of Red ink . or wait ... be that blood ? by the way , we be back in the parlour with Father burke , as he turn the page of a massive book revealing another image of the Castle Interior . it 's the undercroft . the basement below . it 's populate with drawing depict terrifying demonic creature of Hell . strange ... 71 . concerned for sister irene , Father burke look back at the passageway : where be she ? he turn back to the map find the parlour . see the passageway . and what 's this ? a secret passage ? look like it 's hide by the -- confessional booth . burke about to investigate further when -- a reflection catch he eye in a nearby mirrore vase . it 's the abbess . stand right behind he . Father burke turn and see -- the abbess seat in she chair . as if she be always there . watch . and wait . how have she -- ? nevermind . father burke abbess . he glance back over at the passageway . the abbess she 's fine , Father . no . she 's not . Father burke look back at the abbess . something be off . but he can not quite place it . her voice , maybe . the abbess ( cont ’d ) what be the answer you seek ? father burke I fear something be very wrong here , abbess ... I do not believe it begin with the decease nun . the abbess like many place in this world , the Abbey have a long history . not all good . but we repent . father burke that nun -- I find she clutching something in she hand . a key . pull the rosary Key out from he side pocket . dangle it in front of he . like bait . 72 . father burke ( cont ’d ) would you happen to know what it open ? I suspect it be important to she ... the abbess no . Father burke consider she answer . not sure whether he believe she as a sudden , unnatural draft ... .-- blow out the candle . darkness fall . Father burke squint , adjust he eyesight . be the abbess still there ? can not see . nervous , he quickly pocket the Key . pull out match . father burke abbess ? he strike one . light a candle . the glow brighten revealing -- oh -- she 's still seat there . but she head be slump forward . like she fall asleep . or , y’know , die . Father burke scan the room . as if there 's be a change -- no , a charge -- in the air . a vague familiar feel to he . eye fall back on the abbess . father burke ( cont ’d ) abbess ... no answer . shit . Father burke lift the candle . hold it high , expand its glow as much as the small flame can muster . he begin to slowly approach the abbess . father burke ( cont ’d ) abbess ? no answer . and now he stand before she . 73 . he reach out and touch she shoulder . she do not stir . and be cold to the touch . huh . his hand drop to the edge of the parlor veil . be he go to ... oh , he be . he gather the edge of it in he hand . deep breath . and he begin to raise the veil . so slow . painfully so . here it come , she face about to be reveal but -- the abbess 's Hand snatch he arm . do not go any further . startle , Father burke step back . her finger still clutch he arm as he do and -- holy shit -- her arm break off and come with he . Father burke drop the candle . it still glow . a miracle . he grab she arm with he other hand . her grip strong , he struggle to pry off she finger . they look like the end of a dead tree branch . gnarl , withere , spindly . still step back , he frees himself and the arm drop . shock , he look back up at the abbess . still seat in the chair . one arm go . not that you can tell , really . and then -- the abbess leap out of she chair . lunge at Father burke . he fall back and the abbess leap on top of he . he struggle to fight she off as he hear she shriek -- the abbess valak will have you soul ! gather every ounce of he strength , Father burke fling she aside . into darkness . 74 . fuck . where would she go ? Father burke look over at the confessional . int . the corridor of crucifixe - continuous sister irene have not come far since we last leave she . but you can not blame she for take she time . for be cautious . keeps she eye ahead of she as she inch forward . ever so slo -- a cross . clatter to the floor . right in front of she foot . she kneel . pick it up . grip it like a sword . stands and continue on . rounding a corner , revealing -- that nun . kneel before a close door . and the door look rather ordinary . but give the context , I imagine it 's anything but . we hear that nun whispering prayer . sister irene what be this place ? creeeaaaaaaak ... close door begin to slowly open . from which -- a gust of wind . catch that nun 's habit and whip it up and away , as if whoever be wear it be invisible . or a ghost . habit fall . and then be suck into the STORM of blackness beyond that open door . oh God . what 's in there ? terrify , sister irene stumble back . look away from the that door . her expression pain . she drop the cross . 75 . and then -- every crucifix and cross in the corridor fall . and one by one they begin to slide into the doorway . sister irene look up . emerging out of the blackness beyond she see -- the nun . sister continue racing through various room and when she feel as if she 's gain some distance between she and the nun she risk a look behind her and the nun be stand right fuck there . sister irene scream . lose , she twist this way and that way hope to find herself back to the passageway but instead we see she 's in another long corridor somewhere deep inside the convent . she look behind she . all alone . slow down to recover some energy . creakcreakcreakcreak ... faint . what be that ? sister irene move to investigate as the creakcreakcreake continue . down the length of the corridor . as she walk , she look down and can see drop of blood . like morbid bread crumb . dotting the way toward that creakcreakcreakcreak ... she stop outside a monastic cell . the creak come from something on the other side of the door . sister irene push it open . revealing -- 76 . a nun . sitting in a rocking chair in the far corner of the monastic cell . her back to we . rocking away . creakcreakcreakcreak ... sister irene ( cont ’d ) hello ? creakcreakcreakcreak ... frightened , sister irene slowly approach the rocking chair . and as she come around she see who sit in it -- sister miranda . stare blankly into space . with eye that bleed . on she lap a crucifix . and she palm open . also red with blood . stigmata . sister irene ( cont ’d ) oh dear God ! sister miranda ! sister irene try to shake sister miranda out she catatonic state . but to no avail . she remain unresponsive . voice ( 0.s. ) sister irene -- scare , sister irene spin . see sister Ruth and several other nun huddle together . how long have they be there ? sister Ruth go over and shut the door . lock they inside . turn to sister irene and ask -- sister RUTH what do sister miranda tell you ? int . parlour - continuous Father burke approach the confessional . its carving of damned soul seem to stretch out and reach for he . one of we ... one of we ... one of we ... his eye dart to the shadow that surround he . the abbess could be cloak in any one of that . or maybe she 's -- behind the confessional curtain . because it flutter . enough to raise you hair and get you palm sweat . Father burke reach out for the curtain . grab the edge and pull it back , revealing -- 77 . nothing . he step inside the confessional booth search for that secret passage into the convent . slide he hand over a back panel . nothing . but then -- he hear a thin , prepubescent voice from behind the Lattice . voice ( 0.s. ) forgive you , Father , for you have sin ... Father burke freeze . no . no no no ... father burke Daniel ? voice / daniel ( 0.s. ) how long have I be dead , Father ? chill he to the bone . father burke six ... seven year . daniel ( 0.s. ) do you cast out the evil , Father ? father burke I - I do not know ... Father burke lean forward . peer through the Lattice . be he really in there ? can not see . he quickly exit back into the parlour hurries to check the other side of the confessional . no sign of Daniel . but he see a crack of a open . the secret passage . Father burke about to enter but -- something flop down onto he . he look onto he shoulder -- not sure what it be yet -- and see -- a snake . hiss at he . 78 . Father burke yank it off of he . more snake rain down from the rafter above . Father burke reel back . stumble onto the floor . he look up and see -- the boy . with wing sprouted from he back . perched on the rafter like a gargoyle . he snarl with demonic eye . forked tongue lash out of he mouth . it be valak , as describe in the Book of Solomon . when he take on the frightening form of a winge child . burke 's blood freeze at the sight . the Boy vomit out snake after snake . continue to drop down onto the burke . burke scramble to he foot as -- the Boy jump down . but he never hit the floor . its wing flutter like a hummingbird , keep it hover inch off the ground . Father burke race toward the exit . the Boy in pursuit . and just as the Boy be about to grab he , Father burke reach the entrance and slam the door behind he . bang ! on the other side of door . bang ! bang ! bang ! and then -- silence . Father burke on he knee recover just beyond the entrance threshold to the parlour . it 's seal off by the door . the one way back in now close off . he call out -- father burke ( cont ’d ) sister irene ! 79 . damnit . he 's stick out here . and then -- on the ground in front of he in a lone shaft of sunlight , he crossword puzzle . he look down . 14 across . transference . over to the grid -- D -l-v --i -- get it . father burke ( cont ’d ) delivery . he immediately get up . run . CUT to : black . until the Storm -like cellar door open -- let in the daylight -- and Father burke descend into the ice house stop when he reach the bottom . his eye go over to the access door . and that few open inch . there it be . the way in . as he move toward it -- a noise . behind he . he turn and see dirt - stained finger grip the edge of the door . Father burke step back as he see -- sister Victoria begin to descend the stair after he . her bone crack , she brain bleed . Father burke run over to the access door tries to slide it open . can not . it 's stick . he look back at sister Victoria . get closer . 80 . he pull on the door harder . c’mon , goddamnit , move ... but no . too stubborn . once more he look back at sister Victoria and -- she' right there . right on he . raise she hand to he fuck eye out when -- smack ! she 's hit with a shovel . sister Victoria fall away , revealing behind she hold the shovel be -- frenchie . frenchie I think you could use some help . int . monastic cell - continuous scratch as sister irene listen to sister Ruth , occasionally she eye drift over to the back of poor sister miranda . sister RUTH sister miranda break a code by speak to you . whether it be lie or not ... sister irene she want help . I know she do . sister RUTH as do sister Victoria . sister irene but she kill herself . sister RUTH in the interest of preservation . sister irene of what ? 81 . sister RUTH hope . we hope . sister Victoria be try to save we but fail . sister miranda be try to do the same thing in she own way but she should not have depend on outsider ... sister irene why ? what 's happen ? be what they say true ? be there really a -- a portal -- a doorway to Hell here ? sister RUTH yes . and for century it be close and this convent thrive in its purpose as gatekeeper , protect man from the demonic force of Hell . but we could not protect man from himself -- and the last War drop the bomb which rattle this Abbey and crack open the door , let loose the demon that have be beat against it for century . sister Ruth look over at a older nun . sister RUTH ( cont ’d ) sister Christian ? the time have come ... sister christian , 5as , speak up . as she talk , it 's hard not to notice the scar on she neck . like she survive a hang . sister christian I come here thirty year ago . many of we be not even aware of what be present under the Abbey until after the second war . that 's when the strange thing begin to happen ... some call they sighting , other call they haunting . but many in the cloister begin to flee as the encounter get worse ... the abbess stop recruiting and that of we that remain make a pact to stay because we discover that as we number dwindle , the power of the demonic force get stronger ... it take many form -- a serpent , a small winge child -- but the form the evil take the most be -- 82 . sister irene a nun . sister catherine yes . sister RUTH it be the abbess who discover the portal have be open . she go down to lock it but without the proper protection and she come back under the influence of the demonic ... she be kill but she torment soul remain . sister irene Protection ? sister RUTH the closer to the portal , the stronger the influence . there be a relic need to guard one 's soul against the underworld . without it the door cannot be approach nor can it be close ... sister irene the key . sister Victoria be hold it ... knockknockknock ! on the door . oh God . they look over at sister irene . sister RUTH see who it be ... her? okay ... she hurry over to the juda window . open it up . but no one be there . and then -- Father burke appear in the window . jeezus ... 83 . sister irene Father burke . she let he in . he enter . follow by frenchie . sister irene ( cont ’d ) frenchie ? frenchie seem like the noble thing to do . sister irene how do you find I ? father burke the trail of blood . sister irene the key . do you have the key ? father burke yes . he pull out the rosary Key . hand it to she . she turn to sister Ruth and -- sister irene sister Ruth . tell he about the key ... but sister Ruth just stare at she . sister irene ( cont ’d ) sister Ruth -- please -- father burke sister irene ... sister irene look over at Father burke . both he and frenchie be look at she , like -- father burke ( cont ’d ) who be you talk to ? sister irene look back at sister Ruth and the other nun . but they be go . desperate , she look around the room . nowhere they could have go . only sister miranda in the rocking chair remain . the rock diminish . now she just sit . 84 . father burke ( cont ’d ) vision . sister irene . a dawn of realization appear on she face . once again she approach sister miranda . and this time she see -- the Corpse of sister miranda . clearly she 's be dead for month . if not longer . sister irene gasp . Father burke grab a bedsheet . throw it over sister miranda in the chair . he pull sister irene away . as they step back , sister irene gather herself . sign of the Cross . begins a prayer but -- cloak sister miranda spring to life . lunge at Father burke . stab the crucifix into he side , try to dig she nail into he face . Father burke howl . as he slam sister miranda back down onto the cot as she twist and contort under the sheet . pin she down . father burke ( cont ’d ) help I hold she down ! frenchie help . demonic wail and moan through the sheet . not give up . Father burke look around for anything that may help . see a cup of water near the bedside . Light bulb . prays over it : father burke ( cont ’d ) God 's creature , water , I cast out the demon from you in the name of God the Father almighty , in the name of Jesus Christ , his Son , we Lord , and in the power of the Holy Spirit . May you be a purify water , empower to drive afar all power of the enemy , in fact , to root out and banish the enemy himself , along with he fall angel . we ask this through the power of we Lord Jesus Christ , who be come to judge both the live and the dead and the world by fire . 85 . he look to sister irene . father burke ( cont ’d ) Hand I the holy water . sister miranda move for it . sister miranda flail . knock frenchie into sister irene who spill the Holy Water . oh no ... Holy Water mix with the blood of -- Father burke . he and frenchie wrestle sister miranda back down . Father burke look over at the door . father burke ( cont ’d ) go out to the hallway and get ready to shut the door . they can barely hold sister miranda down any longer . her scream like a rake scrape against she throat . sister irene go over to the door . grab the handle . Father burke look over at frenchie . father burke ( cont 'd ) one ... two ... they release sister miranda . they race toward the door. sister miranda close behind . they make it out just as -- slam ! door close right on she arm . her cloak face still screech through the juda window . Father burke force she arm back behind the door and then sister irene give it another -- slam ! close . sister miranda fall away from the juda window . silence . be she finish ? 86 . sister irene step up to peek through the juda window to make sure but -- a bloody hand grab her . again . it 's Father burke . father burke ( cont ’d ) no good will come of that . he slide down onto the floor . Hand cover he wound . sound defeat ... sister irene they be all dead . it be lose . father burke no . not yet . the demon still need a conduit -- a human host to escape this grounds . sister Victoria must have be the last nun . I suspect that 's why she jump from a window . it be not suicide . it be a sacrifice so the demon could not have she soul . we need to seal the portal and contain the evil . CUT to : fresh stitch . as frenchie sew he up , through the pain -- father burke ( cont ’d ) I believe I know where the portal be ... they're in the kitchen try not to watch too closely -- sister irene yes . I do too . but we can not go down there unless we be guard against the evil ... father burke by what ? 87 . sister irene the key . Father burke pull out the Key . father burke 's , .. the key of Hell and of death . 's sister irene but Father , before we begin , I would like to take my vow ... frenchie stop the stitches . look at she . as if he might say something . something clever , something witty ... father burke be you certain of this ? sister irene my vision . I now know they be a miracle of God and I be ready to commit my life to him ... frenchie now that , sister , be a noble act . int . private chapel - moment later in a corner somewhat untarnish by evil , sister irene lay face down on the floor . the act of prostration . and by the way , there be so much more to this ceremony to explore but for now let 's just cut to the chase : father burke -- May the love of God unite you and make you a true family that united in the name of the Lord , it may be a image of Christ 's . amen . sister irene rise . and now we realize she 's wear the black habit . the symbol of complete devotion to god. int . convent - various corridor - moment later sister irene , Father burke and frenchie hurry with the key . the nun stare up at she from the courtyard . oh no ... father burke keep in the shadow . 88 . the only thing they can do be maneuver as best they can in the opposite direction from which the nun approach . until they reach the corridor of cross Father burke grab a candle . it battle back the blackness but it 's not a war this light be go to win . as they draw closer to the end of corridor , the candle flame grow smaller and smaller and smaller and ... pfffft . die . for a moment , they be stick in a awful darkness that seem to suffocate they all . until we see -- a orange glow . begin to brighten . sister irene hold up the rosary Key . it burn with flame but the fire do not scorch she as she grip it . father burke ( cont ’d ) God 's light . stay within it . it will protect we ... huddle close together , they move toward the end . but the nun appear behind they . caste a long shadow . they turn . and tremble . father burke ( cont 'd ) demon ! nun look over at burke . begins to walk toward he . father burke ( cont ’d ) we cast you out , every unclean spirit , every satanic power , every onslaught of the infernal adversary , every legion , every diabolical group and sect , in the name and by the power of we Lord Jesus Christ . ( more ) 89 . father burke ( cont ’d ) we command you , begone and fly far from the Church of God , from the soul make by God in his image and redeeme by the precious blood of the Divine Lamb . no longer dare , cun serpent , to deceive the human race , to persecute God 's Church , to strike God 's elect and to sift they as wheat . for the most High God command you , he to whom you once proudly presume yourself equal ; he who will all man to -- nun charge at Father burke . father burke ( cont ’d ) go ! stay in the light ! close the portal ! they do . descend a spiraling set of stair . the deeper sister irene and frenchie go , the more she hear the distant sound of whisper voice : be they call out to they ? they continue down the stair , as if they be descend into Hell itself . which be not so far off from the truth . as we see on the map earlier , it use to be the undercroft of the castle technical term for what you call the cellar . but it be line with brick and have vault ceiling and be seemingly endless . the glow do little to penetrate the darkness . so they can only see the follow in horrifying glimpsis -- discard bone . strange rune mapped on the floor . illegible word scrawle in blood on the wall . and the torture device . each one worse than the last . the brazen bull . the juda seat . the Iron maiden . a nun long ago dead on each . we recognize they face . sister Ruth . sister Christian . sister Catherine . the other . frenchie look at a nun crucify on a upside down cross . like Peter the Apostle . the Dead nun smile at he . eeeeesh . 90 . he reel back . and for the slight instant , we see he step out of the protective light . he recoil back for sister irene but sense she be not there . he turn and -- frenchie sister ... merde . he 's come face to face with the wing Boy . it grab frenchie by the neck and slam he down onto the ground . the wing Boy clamber on top of he . and as frenchie open he mouth to scream the Boy open he mouth and -- -- vomit a serpent into he mouth . the snake writhes and slither down frenchie 's throat . the Boy stand up . and for a second we lose he in the darkness . but a small shaft of light find he again , revealing he 's no longer the Boy but ... ... the demon nun. she step further into the shadow . sister irene spin . sister irene frenchie ? frenchie ?! from the shadow -- he groan -- frenchie ( 0.s. ) sister ... over there . sister irene you need to stay in the light ! she run in the direction of he suffer . the light reveal he huddle on the ground . what 's he whisper ? oh God ... be he ... be he sing ? frenchie j’ai trouvé 1 ’eau si belle que je m ’y suis baigné ... sister irene hold the light over he , he continue to sing as he start to look back . twist he head on he neck . Bones SNAP . 91 . until he 's stare up at she . with eye of the demonic . and upside down cross push through he skin . he lunge at she . sister irene stumble back . frenchie pounce on top of she . fights for the keylight . holding he hand over the flame , the glow -- dim ... and dim ... and the evil in the darkness encroach . get closer to she . revealing themselves to be a cloister of -- demonic nun . whisper satanic prayer . the keylight -- that Holy Light -- almost go as frenchie continue to pin sister irene to the ground . gripping it tight . but then -- Father burke slam into frenchie . frenchie fall to the side in a crumpled heap . father burke close the door ! thwoooom ! sister irene be yank out of frame . she slide across the floor of the undercroft . still hold onto the keylight as she scream . father burke ( cont ’d ) sister ! she 's go . but we go with she . stay in the light to protect we until we find -- sister irene clutching to the side of a door in the wall . barely hang on . about to get suck into the portal 92 . Beyond it glow a red , hellish fiery light . shaft through putrid smoke . sister irene struggle as she habit twist and tangles , fly off into the darkness behind she . she continue to fight . and right as it look like she 's about to win -- oh no -- the demon nun appear out of the portal . grab she . sister irene no ! sister irene look back at the nun . she see its skin peel away , revealing a snarling black , demon -snake face . with a mouth fill with fang . head with horn . sister irene scream . Father burke see irene through the other demonic nun . determined , he fight he way forward . father burke sister irene ! the demon nun look beyond sister irene . lock eye with Father burke . a showdown of epic proportion . father burke ( cont ’d ) valak ! I cast you out ! I banish from this place all curse , hexes , spell , witchcraft , black magic , demonic assignment , diabolic infestation , oppression , possession ; all that be evil and sinful ! in the name of Jesus Christ , I command you ! valak screech . his grip loosen on sister irene . she pull herself out and over to the side . scramble she reach back for the door. slam it shut . jam the rosary Key into the lock . turn it and -- Holy Light flood the room . vanquish the evil . 93. debris settles . and from out of a settling cloud of dust , Father burke emerge . bruise and beat . but alive . sister irene thank God . father burke be you hurt , sister ? shake she head . she look over at where frenchie lay . sister irene frenchie ... but he 's go . int . parlour - later Father burke and sister irene walk toward the exit . Light stream in through the crack . the darkness lift at last . int . private chapel - later Father burke and sister irene sit in a pew . father burke be you sure you will not come ? sister irene no . my path have lead I here . this be where I will remain to help rebuild the Abbey ... father burke I will tell cardinal conroy to send the help you need . sister irene what about frenchie ? we never find he body . he must be somewhere . do the evil escape with he ? father burke perhaps . but the great evil be contain . if there be a demonic force attach to frenchie it will reveal itself . ( more ) 94 . father burke ( cont 'd ) I be certain someone good will be there to send it back .. sister irene how can you say that with such certainty ? father burke faith . because I have faith , sister ... sister irene smile . ext . abbey of ST . carta - later sister irene stand in the doorway as she watch Father burke disappear beyond the cross . look down to she hand . holding a black habit . miranda 's , maybe . or sister Victoria 's . but now ? it 's hers . she put on the habit . wear it well . give one last look to the outside world before -- slam ! she shut the door on it . black . over which , a woman scream . year later Warren , Massachusetts CUT to : the scream woman . terrify , she kneel by she bed inside she master bedroom face red . eye desperate . woman please , please do not -- 95 . blam ! a shotgun blast off she arm . she howl . blam ! another shot . blast into she skull . splatter she brain on the bedside wall . she fall . as she dead eye stare up at -- it 's frenchie . the year have not be kind to he . a hulk , sweat mess of a man . dare I say he look ... possess . in case you miss it in we beginning , he real name be maurice thierault . and now we recognize he from the conjure . as the man in the exorcism footage . oh . shit . he stomp out of the master bedroom . down the stair and into the family room there 's a pounding on the Front door . but he ignore it . as he plop down on he favorite recliner . behind the Front door , we hear a muffled voice . Calling out . urgent . but frenchie ignore that too . he lift up he sweat - soak white t-shirt . we see upside down cross push out of he body . his eye begin to bleed . as frenchie position the shotgun under he neck . and without hesitation -- he pull the trigger . click . but it do not work . 96 . boom ! Front door kick open . revealing -- ed and lorraine warren . with a Priest behind they . good have finally come to send the evil back . they stare in horror at frenchie sit in the recliner . speckle in he wife 's blood . ed my God , maurice . what have you do ? lorraine look over to the mirror across the room . and instead of frenchie 's reflection stare back at she ... . -- it 's valak . lorraine 's eye go wide . oh no ... valak look at lorraine . he snarl . and the mirror shatter to -- black ! the end 97 .