the lake house il_ mare ( a.k.a. the lake house ) by David auburn base on the Korean film " Il mare " write by ji-na yeo and adapt by mi Young Kim no portion of this script may be perform , reproduce , or use by any mean , or quote or publish in any medium without the prior write consent of Warner bros . picture . December 12 , 2003 '' 2003 warner bros . ent . all rights reserved warner bros . picture inc . 4000 Warner boulevard burbank , California 91522 int . car Lucy take a deep breath , then pull away from the house . Dog next to she in the passenger seat . she drive down the road , gain speed . she suddenly stop , remember something . lucy shit. sorry . she put the car in reverse . back up until she be next to the mailbox . she reach out the window , open the box and put a envelope inside . she strain to reach the flag . the dog watch . she finally succeed in pull the flag to the upright position . lucy okay . she put the car in gear . it disappear down the road . on the raise red flag . CUT to : ext . highway - day credit over . as Lucy drive south , the Lake on she leave . she pass a sign : chicago 60 mile . traffic get denser as she approach the city . soon the skyline be right on top of she and she 's in it , at the height of the morning rush -- crowd , traffic , noise , energy . ext . apartment build - day she pull up outside a apartment build on a densely - pack North side street . it 's a very new building , cold and sterile . the contrast with the tranquillity of the Lake House be strike . she park the car , get out . take a moment to absorb the change in she surroundings . then she start to unload she thing . end credit . CUT to : fade in : ext . road - close on a mailbox - dawn a very ordinary one -- metal , mount on a post , hinge red flag on the side . the flag be down . the SOUND of wave lap the shore . pull back . Beyond the mailbox be lake michigan , endless and blue-gray on this overcast winter morning . and on the Lake , hugging the shore , be a lake house . this house , unlike its mailbox , be strike . it 's at the end of a narrow jetty or walkway that shoot out into the Lake . it be perch on stilt right above the water , where it seem to float . its design be modern , and in another set it might be slightly austere , but here the fit with its surroundings be so perfect that the overall effect be one of serenity . it be dawn . a smudge of sun can be see rise in the space between the sun and the surface of the Lake . int . lake house lucy forster , 30 , lovely , watch the sunrise through a huge window that face the water . after a while and with evident difficulty , she tear herself away . she pull on a coat and go to the front door . the house be empty ; Lucy be move out . she open the door and take a final look back . her eye fall on someone . lucy you come or not ? a SMALL dog be hesitate in the middle of the room . lucy last chance ... ext . jetty - dawn Lucy walk across the jetty to the road , where she car be wait , pack full of bone . the dog trot after she . int . cook county hospital - day the corridor of a huge urban hospital , crowded with patient , family , orderlies . it 's chaotic and loud . Lucy come in . she walk to the main desk , try to flag down a busy attendant . lucy Excuse I ? attendant just a minute , okay ? Lucy wait for a minute , then try to catch the attendant again as she blow past . lucy Excuse I , I need to -- the attendant hand she a clipboard . attendant just fill this out and wait over there for I , okay ? Lucy hand it back . lucy no , I be Doctor Forster . I ’ma new resident . they tell I to report here . attendant oh , I be sorry , Doctor . you need to find Dr. klyczynski . she should be around here . older lady , kinda tough , like this tall ... int . hospital corridor anna klyczynski , 45 , no - nonsense manner , walk fast down the corridor . Lucy next to she , try to keep up . klyczynski hand she a big stack of file . klyczynski you be cover 22 patient on round today , this floor and the next . lucy twenty-two ? ( continued ) continued : klyczynski quiet morning . if you get into trouble you can beep I , but try to keep it to a minimum . the mo student be suppose to help you out with scut work . if you can find one . Lucy be look a little daze . they pass a patient on a bed in the corridor . klyczynski flag down a nurse . klyczynski what 's he do here ? I order a immediate mri . nurse Transport say about four hour . klyczynski shit . all right . she turn to Lucy , take the file back , point . klyczynski Doctor Forster , push he down to mri -- that 's a leave , another leave , a right , elevator to two , follow the sign . then hustle back here for round ... int . hospital corridor - later Lucy with a stack of chart , reeling around , try to find she next patient . she 's lose in the busy corridor . another young woman doctor , madhvi patel , appear , glance at she chart . patel wrong floor . Lucy make a frustrated sound . Patel guide she to a elevator . patel take a while to get you bearing . I be madhvi . you be the new resident , right ? lucy ( nod ) Lucy . Forster . ( continued ) continued : patel where do you do you internship ? lucy a little community hospital . up on the North shore . patel well , just think of this as a little community hospital , only with more gunshot wound . she smile , but Lucy do not acknowledge the attempt . int . hospital locker room - night Lucy come off shift , very tired . Patel and another resident , tom costello , be change clothes to go home . they nod at Lucy . she smile wearily . patel how be you first night ? lucy I be ... not sure . costello nor should you be . a state of daze near-panic be normal for the first few month . Lucy smile politely . patel luckily there be a cure . costello the cove . patel the cove. lucy what 's that ? costello bar around the corner . open all night . acceptable burger . cheap beer in unwash glass . patel it 's heavenly . ( continued ) Lucy realize they be invite she to come with they . she hesitates . lucy thanks . better not . I be dead . costello we all be . lucy and I have still get a lot of unpack to do ... Patel and costello nod . if they be put out by she refusal , they do not show it . costello next time , then . int . lucy 's apartment Lucy come home . her apartment be small , sterile . she have not have time to unpack and box be strewn everywhere . as she enter , she dog leap up on she , whimpering . Lucy jump , startle , then put the dog down , go into the kitchen and flick the light on . nothing happen . lucy ( mutter ) need light bulb . she open the ( bare ) fridge for the light . she pour dog food into a bowl , empty the bag . lucy need dog food . and human food ... int . bedroom - night her bedroom be as functional and depress as the rest of the place . a loud squeak as she walk into the room . lucy fix loose floorboard . Lucy go to the window . outside -- a solid wall of other building , other window . very hard even to see the sky . she sigh . ( continued ) lucy need view . she close the blind . CUT to : ext . lake house - day on the mailbox , its flag still up . find a pickup truck park at the edge of the jetty . its back be pile with furniture and move box . a man be move in to the house . work alone , he heave a large armchair off the truck and wrestle it along the jetty . int . lake house - later the man plug in a lamp and switch it on . julian , 30 , tall , moody good look . he survey the place , pleased . he do not have much . a stereo , some book , the armchair . but the spare furnishings fit with the austere beauty of the house . he look out the window at the Lake . int . local grocery - evening Julian stock up on grocery at a local shop . the young storeowner and he wife behind the counter . storeowner New in the area ? julian ( smile ) more or less . storeowner you x11 like it . especially since it warm up a little . ( indicate grocery ) let we get you some box for all that . julian okay , thanks . ( continued ) his wife go to take a empty box down from a high shelf . she be visibly pregnant . the storeowner hurry over . storeowner no , honey , let I . ext . lake house - evening Julian pull up with he grocery in the back of the truck . he notice the mailbox with its raise flag . he stop and open it . int . lake house - night Julian sit in he chair by the window , silhouett against the moonlit Lake outside . a beer in he hand . he open Lucy 's letter and read . lucy ( v.0 . ) ' dear New tenant . hi and welcome to you new home and congratulation , etcetera . it 's a wonderful place , as you already know , and I be sure you will love live here as much as I do . I be the previous tenant by the way . Julian look puzzle . lucy ( v.0 . ) ' the post office be forward my mail but I wonder if you could send anything that might slip through . my new address be below . thanks . 's ( beat ) '' p.s . 's Julian flip the letter over . julian ( read ) ' sorry about the paw print by the front door . they be there when I move in . same with the box in the attic . I think it belong to the owner . 's Julian stare at the letter . 10 . he go to the front door . the floor be clean . nothing outside either . int . attic Julian open the door to a attic crawl space . he look around . it 's empty . no box . int . lake house Julian shrug , crumple the letter and throw it away . CUT to : ext . EL platform ( chicago ) - evening Lucy walk up the stair to the El , alone against the tide of people walk down -- they be come home from work as she head in for a night shift . int . icu room - night a icu patient in crisis . monitor beeping and flash red . Lucy run in , swiftly begin cpr , ask a nurse to prepare a syringe . klyczynski appear and stand at the door , watch Lucy closely . klyczynski you all right ? Lucy keep work . the patient 's crisis pass . the monitor quiet . lucy I think we be okay . klyczynski nod . int . hospital room - night Lucy check on a patient -- teenage girl lie awake in a darken room , watch tv . lucy hey . you be suppose to be asleep . ( continued ) 11 . girl I know , but -- lucy sorry . sometimes I have get to play bad cop . Lucy go to switch off the tv . she pause . it 's show cary grant and ingrid bergman -- the long , long linger kiss from notorious . Lucy stare at it , transfix . then she sit down on the edge of the bed to watch . the girl look at she , surprised . klyczynski nod . lucy my favourite part . int . lucy 's bedroom - dawn after work . Lucy prepare for bed , a blindfold around she neck . she go to the window to close the blind against the morning light . she notice something outside . she get up on tiptoe , strain . then she pull a chair over and stand on it . her Pov by stand up high at the extreme edge of the window she can just make out , through a gap in the building , a tiny sliver of Lake Michigan . the sun be just come up . back to scene she stand on the chair , stare at it . CUT to : int . lake house - dawn through the Lake House window we can see the sun rise , huge , over the Lake . Julian be up , lace up work boot . ext . construction site - morning Julian pull up in he truck , arrive at a lakeside building site -- dozen of future condo , now mostly foundation and a few half - finish frame skeleton . it 's a big operation . 12 . a office set up in a large trailer on the site . Julian prepare for the day , consulting plan and schedule . mona jaffe ( 30 , brisk , stylish ) on the phone . mona that 's right , each luxury residence have a private Lake view ... they be not available for view quite yet , but if you have like I to add you to the list ... yes , we absolutely expect to be ready on schedule . she throw a '' right ? '' glance at Julian . he nod reassurance . ext . construction site - later dozen of Men work at various place around the site . find Julian walk quickly , confer with mulhern ( 40s , construction foreman , hard look ) . julian I have like to get the foundation for number 17 dig today . mulhern look at he with barely - disguise contempt . mulhern I know you be kinda new here . julian what ? mulhern I can not get to that at least ' till next week . julian ( smoothly ) come on , mulhern , that 's bullshit and you know it . take clemen and rodriguez off roofing , jorge can run the backhoe they be not use on fourteen , and grab four or five of the other guy sit on they ass on seven and ten -- paulie , Frank , carlos , Danny , and what 's he name , the tall kid , rafael . mulhern blink . mulhern right . 13. Julian be the last man at work on the site at the end of the day . he haul away some garbage and scrap . he 's about to throw out a couple of half - full can of paint . he stop . ext . lake house - evening Julian kneel on the jetty , apply a fresh coat of paint to the weather - beat board . he finish , pleased with the result . he begin put he supplies away . behind he , a small dog , a stray , trot up the road . Julian do not notice . the dog look at the jetty for a second , then walk right into it , into the fresh paint . Julian see . julian hey ! he try to grab the dog but it run down the jetty . Julian have leave the door to the house open and the dog run inside . Julian be about to follow when he stop suddenly . on the floor go into the house be a trail of paw print . int . lake house Julian digging determinedly through he garbage . near the bottom , he finally find what he 's look for : Lucy 's note . he stare at it . CUT to : int . / ext . hostpital - day Lucy head out for lunch , she coat on . ( we note the nurse 's station be decorate with paper heart , etc . ) as she exit the hospital , she realize it be surprisingly warm . she smile , open she coat . ext . grant park - day Lucy eat she lunch in the large park , the Lake on one side , the city skyline on the other . ( continued ) 14 . the park be crowded on this gorgeous day . heavy traffic on Lake shore drive beyond . Lucy squint into the sunlight gleam off the Lake . sound nearby -- a bell tolling noon . Children laugh , yell . a pair of old men on the next bench over . old man what 's with the damn weather ? 60 degree on Valentine 's Day ? old man # 2 it 's global warming . Buckingham Fountain be not far off . it send up a huge plume of water . Lucy get up and start towards it . she run a hand through she hair , enjoy the feel of the sun on she face , some of the tension leave she . suddenly , a horrible SOUND -- a high -pitch grind squeal . Lucy look around . a hundre yard away -- on the opposite side of the fountain from Lucy -- a double -length city bus be try to stop . it 's go quite fast even though from the sound of thing , the driver be absolutely crush the brake . Lucy just register all of this -- the sound , the bus -- before she notice the man stand directly in the bus 's path . there be nothing to be do ; it be inevitable and almost immediate -- the man be strike by the bus , and he small , distant figure arching into the air ten or fifteen foot before crash onto the pavement . the faint sound of the impact reach Lucy a half - second later , because of the distance . Lucy automatically pull out she cell phone and dial . she speak calmly . lucy we need a ambulance in grant Park , near Buckingham Fountain . a bus have strike a pedestrian : get a ems crew here now . she begin run . 15 . traffic be snarl around the halt bus . people gather . Lucy run up , start push through the crowd . lucy I be a doctor . let I through . she reach the man , who be lie twisted , he face bloody , obscure . she can not move he because of risk of neck injury ; there 's not very much she can do except for feel for a pulse , listen for breath . a ambulance pull up . two emt jump out . lucy get a back board ! one do . they strap he into it , Lucy work to get a pulse . the other emt kneel to assist Lucy . they work intensely for a moment . then he shake he head . emt he 's do . Lucy keep work as if she have not hear . the emt put a hand on she shoulder . emt Doctor . beat . Lucy finally stop . she get up . the emt pull a gurney out of the ambulance and prepare to remove the body . int . hospital break room Lucy pour herself a cup of coffee . her hand be shaking . she take a deep breath , willing they to stop . they do . Anna klyczynski have be watch she . klyczynski I hear about Buckingham Fountain . emt say you fight hard for the guy . lucy yeah , I really knock myself out . ( continued ) 16 . continued : beat . klyczynski I have a case once . routine heart surgery . they invent the word ' routine 's for this kind of surgery . he die on the table . his body just choose that time to go . it be nobody 's fault , and there be nothing I could have do differently ( beat ) I could not sleep for week . lucy thanks . I be fine . she turn to go . klyczynski Lucy ? Lucy stop . klyczynski you have anyone in the city ? any friend ? family ? Lucy shake she head . klyczynski do I a favor . on you day off , get as far away from here as you can . okay ? go someplace where you feel ... most like yourself . on lucy CUT to : ext . lake house - morning Julian , on he way to work , slip a note into the mailbox and raise the flag . CUT to : int . car - day Lucy drive north out of the city . the day be clear and bright , sun gleam on the water . 17. int . local grocery - day Lucy busy lunch in the same grocery we see before . same couple run the store . the wife be behind the counter . she bend up . she recognize Lucy . storeowner 's wife hey . we have not see you for a while . how 's Chicago ? lucy okay . storeowner 's wife what be you do back here ? lucy just need to get out of the city . when the weather 's like this , you have get to . storeowner 's wife I know it -- what be it , sweetie ? to pick up a toddler , about 2 , who have just run lucy hi there . storeowner 's wife say hi . toddler hi. CUT to : ext . construction site - day Julian , work , eat a sandwich . the day have not get much warmer and the wind be blow strongly . mona stop by , head to the office with she lunch . mona trailer 's nice and warm . julian Love to . can not. mona ( look at the sky ) God , it 's really miserable . do not catch a cold or anything on I , all right ? 18 . continued : julian ( grin ) I never get sick . she follow he as he work . mona you find a place to stay yet ? julian yeah . just outside of town , up the shore a little bit . mona up the shore ...? I do not ... wait , not that house with the thing , the walkway thing , and the stilt ... julian right . mona that 's not on the Lake , it 's in the Lake . that place have be stand empty for year . what make you take that ? julian well , I -- mona oh , goddamn it . her high heel be sink into the muddy ground . she put a hand on Julian 's shoulder as she pull she foot free . one shoe stay stick . Julian get it out for she . mona thanks . julian get yourself some boot . mona nod , smile at he , watch as he wipe off she shoe for she . CUT to : ext . beach - afternoon Lucy throw a stick , play fetch with she dog on the beach , wind whipping she hair . Sun low on the horizon . soon it will be time to go back , but she 's in no hurry to . 19 . continued : they come over a dune and the dog bark . her Pov the lake house , not far off . the dog run towards it . back to scene she follow , keep up . they approach the house . the dog trot over to the jetty but Lucy pick he up before he can run across . she look at the house for a moment . it be empty , silent . Lucy turn to walk away . then she notice the mailbox with its raise flag . acting on a impulse , she open it . inside be a single envelope . she pull it out . to she surprise , it be address to she . int . car - dusk Lucy sit park outside the House , read the letter . lucy ( read aloud ) ' I get you note . be it suppose to be some kind of joke ? if it be , I do not get it . Lucy look perplex . lucy ' I be not the '' previous tenant . '' there be no previous tenant . I think maybe you have the wrong place . but how do you know about the paw print ? 's Lucy be baffle . she think for a moment , then dig in she bag for a pen and paper . CUT to : ext . lake house - evening Julian pull up in he pickup , after work . the flag on the mailbox be up . he open the box . Lucy 's new letter be inside . he look at it as he walk along the jetty . it have a return address : 1620 racine . 20 . continued : as Julian let himself in , something leap onto he . julian agh ! what -- it 's the stray dog , which Julian have evidently keep . it lick Julian 's face . ( we notice , if we have not before , that this dog look a great deal like Lucy 's dog . ) julian oh yeah . you . he put the dog down . he open Lucy 's letter and begin to read . CUT to : int . architecture classroom ( chicago ) - day a architecture class . a half - dozen graduate student ( black clothes , hipster / pretentious eyewear , etc. ) sit around a seminar table . one student , henry ferris , 29 , present a project . a severe-look professor , burnham , 60 , watch . henry my project be inform and inspire by a metaphor of the loop , or fugue -- interlock , repeat pattern in time and / or space that generate meaning and structural complexity via they contrapuntal interweave and mutual interdependence , as much as by paradox and apparent contradiction . around the table -- generally approve look . Henry pull out a roll - up poster . henry specifically , as exemplify in the work of m.c. escher , in he ' relativity . 's he show the escher engrave of a dizzying building , staircase and ramp lead around in endless , impossible loop . ( continued ) 21 . continued : henry ..- which I have re-render and reconceive here as a real - world contemporary structure incorporate office , public space , a food court , and a 12 - screen multiplex . beat . burnham squint at Henry 's proposal . burnham so if I understand this correctly , you be propose to build this escher engrave . henry with some significant modification , but essentially , yes . everyone take this in . burnham interesting . I have only two comment , Mr. ferris . Henry look eager . burnham one , this make no fuck sense at all . two , the assignment be to design a single - family home . do not waste the class 's time , Henry . ( turn to the class ) all right , who 's get something we can build here on Earth ? ext . classroom - later Henry come out of class , chagrine , walk with vanessa ( another student , mousy / arty look ) . henry God , I mean what be the point of put yourself out there in the visionary vanguard if you be just go to get shot down ? vanessa I think you concept be really bold . 22 . continued : henry it 's like , if you do not take risk as a architect , if you do not at least try to push the envelope , you wind up , I do not know , remodeling kitchen for yuppy ... vanessa exactly . I -- henry ( surprised ) hey ! as he exit the building Henry see julian outside , wait on the plaza in front of the school . ext . architecture school Julian grin as Henry come over . henry he 's back ! julian believe it or not . henry what be you do here ? you be suppose to be this busy , important man . julian never too busy to look up a old friend and buy he a drink . henry I be truly touch . julian and I have to run a errand in town . Henry laugh . they hug . henry it 's good to see you . julian 's Pov - over henry' shoulder he see Professor burnham come out of the building . they eye meet . burnham freeze . then walk on , as if he have not notice he . 23 . back to scene Julian watch he go . julian let 's get out of here . int . bar - night crowd Chicago bar . Julian and Henry sit at a table with burger and beer . henry so . how 's life in condo world ? julian well , it 's a challenge manage a project so big , sometimes it 's frustrating , but basically I -- henry just tell I how much money you be make . julian forget it . henry come on , a hint . julian I buy a house . henry that much ? julian on the Lake . henry that much ? shit . julian do not worry . I be mortgage up to my eyeball . henry still . Lake House . God . I guess that make sell out you dream and betray you talent totally worth it . julian yep. 24 . continued : he clink he glass against Henry 's and drink . beat . henry you never think about come back to school ? julian never . henry you sure ? you be content just to be this upwardly - mobile cliche . julian yeah . ( he drink ) I even get a dog . henry ( roll he eye ) shit. int . julian 's truck - night Julian drive around Chicago 's North side . julian hank . henry yeah ? julian burnham ever ask where I go ? henry no . beat . Julian be silent for a moment . henry you should have see he rake I over the coal today . he hate I . julian he do not hate you . ( beat ) he hate you work ... they laugh . beat . Julian turn a corner . 25 . ext . chicago STREET - night Julian walk down the street , look for a address . julian 1620 racine . henry what be it ? julian I be not sure . henry who life there ? julian I do not know . henry so why be we go ? julian I do not know . henry okay . Julian cross the street , note a address on a building . julian here 's sixteen hundred . henry so sixteen hundred twenty should be ... Henry walk to the next lot down . he be stand in front of a pit . just a recently - dig foundation , no building . they stare at it . henry so should we buzz up , or what ? Julian take a piece of paper out of he pocket . Lucy 's last letter . the return address be correct : 1620 racine . henry perhaps there have be some sort of mistake . Julian look at the letter itself . it be date MARCH 20 , 2004 . 26 . int . hospital break room - night Lucy come in , study a new letter from Julian . we can read the word '' mistake ... try to deliver this in person ... wrong address ... also the date ( ?! ) '' she pick up the pad and begin to write , exasperate . lucy ( v.0 . ) I get you last letter . I be not quite sure I be write back but I guess I want to get to the bottom of this . int . lake house - night Julian in he kitchen , read the letter . lucy ( v.0 . ) by the way , for some reason the mail be not get forward to I . I have have to drive up there to get it . anyway , no , I do not get the address wrong . I know where I live . okay , it 's ugly , but it 's not quite a open pit . Julian smile . lucy ( v.0 . ) and I know the date , too . it 's 2004 . he laugh . this be some sort of insane joke . lucy ( v.0 . ) just curious : what year do you think it be ? behind Julian -- the calendar on he wall be open to the MARCH , 2002 page . int . lucy 's apartment - night Lucy study a letter from Julian . close on the date , underline : '' 2002 . '' and the word -- and stop bullshitting I , please . she snort , incredulous . the dog look at she . she pet it , think . then she get up . ( continued ) 27 . continued : she go to a closet and take down a shoebox . it 's full of photograph . she dump they out and begin sorting through they . she pause to look at one . a young Lucy with a boyfriend -- morgan , 30 , slightly bland good look . they be in each other 's arm , laugh , in love . she look at it for a second , then put it away and keep search . she finally find the photo she 's look for . it show Lucy and some friend , outside at night , wear T - shirt and jeans , with snow fall around they . she flip it over . on the back be a auto-print date : april 3 , 2002 . ext . lake house - evening wind blowing fiercely as Julian arrive home to find the flag on the mailbox up . a new letter from Lucy inside . he retrieve it and walk across the jetty . int . lake house through the window we can see thick cloud collect over the lake as Julian read the letter . lucy ( v.0 . ) since you do not believe I , a little warning . there be a bad flu go around in the spring of 2002 . I remember because there be a freak late snow , and after that everybody get sick . Julian roll he eye . lucy ( v.0 . ) so , my mystery correspondent , if you really be where -- or when -- you say you be ... I hope you be get plenty of rest and drink lot of fluid . this be too much for Julian . julian snow , right . 28 . continued : he crumple the letter and go to throw it away . he 's about to drop it in the trash when he suddenly sneeze . it take a second for this to register , and by the time it do , he sneeze again . he whirl around . outside the window -- beautiful snow be swirl into the Lake . ext . mailbox - day the mailbox be cover with a thick dusting of snow . Julian very tentatively open it . he quickly slip ina letter and close the box , almost as if he 's afraid it will bite he . he pull the red flag up . ext . mailbox - day ( lucy 's continuity ) the mailbox be dry ; it 's a warm day two year later . Lucy open the box and take out Julian 's letter . she put the flag down . she open the letter . it have a single line . can this be happening ? Lucy , hand shaking , take out a pen . ext . mailbox ( julian 's continuity ) Julian stare at the snow - cover box . the flag be now down . he be start to look a little freak out . also , he have the flu . he suddenly double over and sneeze violently . when he look back at the mailbox , the flag be up . he nearly jump back in alarm . he very hesitantly open the mailbox and take out ... he note . the same one he just put in . he 's slightly disappointed , but also reassure . he relax a bit . he flip the note open and he jaw drop . underneath he line '' can this be happening ? '' be Lucy 's handwrite , a single word : yes . 29 . int . lucy 's apartment - night Lucy come home , a little daze . her dog jump up on she . she carry it into she bedroom and sit down on she bed . int . lake house - night Julian on he bed , nursing he flu , stare at the note , still struggle to believe this . his dog jump up and settles into he lap . int . lucy 's apartment - night Lucy on she bed , write . lucy ( out loud ) I do not know where to start . int . lake house - day Julian read Lucy 's letter . lucy ( v.0 . ) I do not even know the right question to ask . be there anything you can tell I that might shed some light on this ? Julian think . he look at the paw print tracking into the house . int . lucy 's apartment - night Lucy read . close on a line from Julian 's letter : I think we have the same dog . same scene - later Lucy at she desk . she write back . lucy do yours jump on you when you come home and scare the shit out of you ? 30 . int . lake house - night Julian read this . julian yes . he turn the page . julian ( read aloud ) ' and do he sleep like a person ? 's he look over at he bed . his dog lie asleep on he back , mouth open . he do look like a person . Julian start to laugh . he look back at the letter . lucy ( v.0 . ) I call he Jack . he look at the dog . julian so you be Jack . ( correct himself , in amazement ) you ... will be Jack . ext . EL platform ( chicago ) - day Lucy exite a train in the morning rush hour . lucy ( v.0 . ) maybe we should introduce ourselves properly . int . hospital - day Lucy arrive at the hospital , sign in , get a stack of chart and file . lucy ( v.0 . ) I be a doctor -- a first year resident in internal medicine . ext . construction site Julian direct activity and confer with mona and mulhern at the worksite . ( continued ) continued : 31 . julian ( v.0o . ) I build house . I mean , I help run a company that build house . int . hospital cafeteria - night Lucy read . julian ( v.0 . ) okay . I be still try to get this straight . if in two year you will be live in a apartment building at 1620 racine ... which do not exist yet ... where be you , uh , ' now 's ? Lucy shake she head . lucy I be in medical school , madison , Wisconsin . ( she look around , write ) I mean , in ‘my 's now I be ina hospital cafeteria in Chicago , Illinois , but for you ... okay , this be weird . this be weird . ext . construction site - rooftop Julian , on a break , scribbles on a pad . julian ( v.0o . ) what 's it like in 2004 ? int . EL train car - evening Lucy ride he from work . train pack with weary commuter . int . lake lucy ( v.0 . ) it 's amazing . everyone drive this fly car . we all dress in shiny metal jumpsuit . oh , and the cub win the series last year . house - night Julian read , smile . 32 . continued : lucy ( v.0 . ) actually , nothing 's change much . no. cell phone be a little smaller ... int . lucy 's apartment - night Lucy watch back to the future on tv . Doc Brown be yell at marty mcfly . doc brown ( v.0o . ) ( on tv ) great Scott , marty , do you realize what you have do ? you have upset the entire space- time continuum ! same scene - later Lucy write . lucy ( v.0 . ) okay . one thing worry I . what if , in send this letter , in communicate like this , we accidentally tamper with the course of time itself , alter human history forever in the process ? int . lake house - evening Julian walk across the jetty . julian ( v.0o . ) yeah , good point . l let 's not do that . int . lake house - continuous action he let himself into the house . Jack jump up onto he . julian aggh ! ( firm ) no . he set Jack back on the floor , immediately go back outside and come in again . Jack jump up . Julian put he on the floor firmly and hold he there . 33 . continued : julian no. Julian repeat this several time . finally he enter and Jack stay down . Julian give he a treat . julian good boy ! int . lucy 's apartment - corridor Lucy read the latest letter as she get out of she elevator . julian ( v.0 . ) sorry . I do have to change one thing . Lucy open the door . Jack be sit placidly , look up at she . julian ( v.0o . ) you be welcome . on lucy beginning to laugh -- the first time we have see she enjoy any sort of release , and we -- CUT to : ext . mailbox - day it 's a bright , warm day . Lucy at the mailbox . she pull the flag upright . lucy ( v.0 . ) thanks for the favor . here 's one back at you . ext . mailbox - day overcast , cold , wind . Julian open the mailbox and pull something out . he keep pull -- it 's a long , bright scarf . he try it on , surprised . lucy ( v.0 . ) put this on and do not take it off for the rest of the month . it 's onna stay cold till the middle of pril . 34 . ext . construction site - day Julian fill a cement mixer . he 's wear jeans , work boot , work glove -- and the scarf . mulhern look askance at he . dissolve to : ext . lucy 's apartment build / ext . lake michigan split screen . Julian and Lucy both write . Lucy on the roof of she building , where she can see the Lake behind the city building ; Julian on the shore with Jack in he pickup . it 's warmer in both continuity : spring be here , julian ( v.0 . ) if we be go to keep do this , we have get to know more about each other . send I list . int . lake house - night Julian in the kitchen . he have a cocktail recipe book and have set out gin and lime juice and a cocktail shaker . he mix a drink as Jack watch . lucy ( v.0 . ) okay . let 's see . I like dog , as you know . gimlet -- that 's gin and lime juice , delicious on a warm night . I like the Stones 's Exile on Main Street . Jane austen . I like ... I love ... my work . ( joke ) turnoffs : cruelty , infectious disease , and guy with mustaches . Julian taste the gimlet and smile . ext . art institute of chicago - day Lucy , sip a milkshake , go up the step of the museum . julian ( v.0 . ) for I : milkshakes , black and white . money jungle by Duke ellington . cary grant and ingrid bergman in notorious ... the Art Institute of Chicago on a quiet afternoon . 35 . int . art institute of chicago Lucy stand in front of a canvas of boat on the water . lucy I forget one . I like the Lake House . ext . lake house - day a matching shot , of Julian look at sailboat on the actual Lake . julian how have you wind up live here , anyway ? int . lucy 's apartment - night Lucy sprawl on she bed , write . lucy ( v.0 . ) I rent it after mo school . it be the strangest place I have ever see . I could not imagine anyone building it . or ... I could not imagine building it and then not live here . I love the way it sort of ... hover over the water . I love that jetty . I do not know why . ext . lake house - evening sunset . darkness fall over the water . Julian sit on the jetty , write . julian you have to leave land to get to the front door . it 's like get on a ship . every time you come home you be embark on a voyage . ( he wince ) sorry . pretentious . int . hospital corridor - night Lucy write . lucy ( v.0 . ) do not apologize . you can be pretentious . you can be anything you like . 36 . down the hall a small party be in progress for costello 's birthday . cake and coffee , a dozen doctor talk , laugh . after the toast , find Anna klyczynski look around . she go out into the corridor . she see Lucy , sit alone at the end of the hallway , deeply engross in she letter . int . trailer - day Julian write intently at he desk . mona be watch he from across the room . dissolve to : ext . EL train platform - morning a few week have pass . wind blow fiercely on a late spring Chicago day . Lucy wait for the train on a crowded platform . her cell phone ring . lucy hello ? ( she explanation change ) oh. hi . same scene - later Lucy still on the phone . she sound upset . lucy ( on phone ) look , it 's not easy for I , either . you know that ... no , I be not mad that you call . I just ... I be sorry , I have get to get to work and I -- a train be approach the station . lucy I do not think that 's a good idea . no. Morgan , I be say please do not come down . because we need more time ... especially if we be go to stay friend . I just do not think we should ... the train be about to leave . 37 . continued : lucy ( on phone ) look , I gotta go -- she run for it but the door close in she face and she groan in frustration . int . hospital corridor - night Lucy near the end of she shift , about to check out . madhvi Patel approach she . madhvi Lucy . I need a favor . I have get to have the night off . take my shift ? lucy tonight ? madhvi ( shyly ) please ? I have get a date . he just ask I , and I really want to . I will cover for you next time . Lucy 's exhaust , but she nod . she watch as madhvi dash off excitedly . ext . chicago STREET - night Lucy after she double shift struggle down the street with armful of grocery , Jack tug at a leash . car horn blaring . a bike messenger nearly run she down . she look strung - out . ext . mailbox - day Julian open the mailbox to find it empty . he 's surprised at how disappointed he feel . julian ( v.0 . ) hey , pen pal . you have not write for awhile . int . lucy apartment - night Lucy soak in a tub , look drain , read this letter . 38 . continued : lucy ( v.0 . ) it 's be a ... rough week . I work 30 hour straight . I have not be able to get away . I can not remember the last time I look at the sky , or see a damn tree . ( beat ) it 's not so bad when I be busy . it 's when I have a minute to breathe , to look around , that it seem really hard . I wonder what the hell I be do here , alone , in this gray city . and I miss the way the world look from the window of the Lake House . int . trailer - day Julian read this letter . beat . he look out the window . outside be dozen of infant tree wait to be plant on the construction site . CUT to : int . EL train - evening Lucy , come home from work on the train . out the window she can see it 's beginning to rain . she sigh . CUT to : ext . lake shore drive - evening Julian drive toward Chicago on a cloudless evening . in the back of he pickup truck be one of the tree . CUT to : ext . STREET - evening Lucy trudge down the rainy street toward she building . a clap of thunder and the rain begin fall really hard , sheet . she yelp and start run for she door . CUT to : 39 . ext . 1620 racine ( julian' continuity ) Julian dig a hole outside the construction site that will become Lucy 's apartment building . he finish and start to set the tiny , fragile tree in place . CUT to : ext . 1620 racine ( lucy continuity ) Lucy be completely soak as she run the last few yard to she front door . she struggle for she key , drop they , grow more and more frustrated as the rain absolutely pound down on she , when suddenly -- it stop . she be baffle , as thunder and lightning continue to crack across the sky , and indeed the rain be still fall all around she , but not on she . she look up . above she be the branch of a young tree , leave grow thick and high enough to form a canopy sway in the rain just above Lucy . it be not there a second ago but now it 's shelter she , and she gape at it . CUT to : ext . 1620 racine ( julian' continuity ) Julian smile as he toss the shovel in the back of he truck . CUT to : ext . 1620 racine on Lucy , move , she face break into a wide smile . lucy ( quietly ) thank you . drop of rain fall through the green branch as Lucy spin slowly beneath the tree . dissolve to : ext . lake michigan - day 40 . ext . / int . lake house - day Henry be stand on the jetty face the Lake House . he have just arrive . henry you ... bastard ... Julian gesture for Henry to follow he inside . Henry be too flabbergasted by the house . henry this be where you have be hide out ? this be yours ? julian yeah . Henry follow Julian inside , appraise the place . henry when be it build ? julian seventy . you want a beer ? henry yeah . Henry look around . henry it 's like Le corbusier meet Frank Lloyd wright meet ... I in five year . it 's perfect . julian actually , it 's not . ext . rear of lake house they stand on a narrow ledge that run along the back of the house . there 's a fifteen - foot drop down to the water . julian you can not swim . there should be a stairway down to the water . maybe a porch . something . henry ( shake he head ) it would ruin the line . total aesthetic catastrophe . 41. ext . jetty - night they sit in the darkness , listen to the water lapping , drink beer . rolling stone on the stereo inside . henry Exile . cool. julian yeah . beat . henry Julian . I do not just come up here to escape my pathetic existence in the city . julian you do not ? henry no . there 's a agenda . ( beat ) if you drop this bourgeois ' thing ' and come back we could still graduate together in a year . start the firm . julian " visionary vanguard associate . 's henry visionary vanguard . I can not do it alone . julian ( shake he head ) sorry , hank . beat . Henry tread carefully . henry I be sure if you talk to he ... julian forget it . henry Jules . julian he do not want I back . I do not want to be back . everybody 's happier now . 42 . continued : henry what about you work ? you work be great . even he admit that . look , I know it 's hard , but if you suck it up and put all the personal shit aside for a few month , you will have you degree , and -- julian I say forget it . his tone be sharp . Henry be quiet . julian sorry . I just ... like it up here . henry be you involved with somebody ? julian ( beat ) henry why do you hesitate ? julian I do not . henry yes you do . julian I -- I be not involved with anybody , okay ? henry okay . ( beat ) all I be say be , maybe you should think about the future . Julian start to laugh . he can not stop . Henry look at he . henry what ? ( as Julian keep laugh ) what ? CUT to : 43. int . lucy apartment - night Lucy have a old 2002 filofax calendar open on she desk . she turn the page until she see a entry , circle : " 5:46 to madison . " she pick up a pen , write . lucy ( v.0 . ) let 's try something . ext . amtrak station - day Julian drive . he turn into the parking lot of a local train station , park and get out . rain be fall . beyond , a train be just pull into the station . lucy ( v.0 . ) around ' you ' time two year ago I lose something . at a train station . I be on my way back to school and I leave it on the platform . see if you can find it for I . I will not tell you what it be . then put it in the mailbox . this be you mission if you choose to accept it . int . amtrak station Julian walk through the station . a few people about . he look for single woman . he do not see any -- just a couple of family , a elderly couple , some businessmen . announcement ( v.0 . ) final call for the 5:46 to madison , make the follow stop ... Julian keep search . no luck . suddenly , through the window that look out onto the train platform , he see a young woman stand up and prepare to board the train . it 's Lucy -- here two year young , a mo student . Julian do not know for sure that it 's she , but she could be the person he 's look for , and she 's startlingly pretty besides . he hurry through the door out onto the train platform . 44 , ext . train platform he be about to go over to she when he stop . she have she arm around a man whose back be to we . they be embrace under a umbrella , say goodbye . neither have notice that Lucy have leave a book on the bench where they be sit . Julian see it , but it would be awkward to go over and interrupt the kiss . he hesitates . the train conductor announce final board . Lucy reluctantly break off from the man and get on the train . the man Lucy be kissing do not move . he stand under he umbrella , watch as the train pull out , and do not leave until it be completely out of sight . he never notice the book . Julian watch he go . once he 's go , Julian go over to the bench . he look at the book Lucy leave . it be a well - wear copy of persuasion by Jane austen . CUT to : ext . road - day Lucy drive along the lake , eager to get to the mailbox . she pass a lakeside condo development . it 's new , upscale , sprawling . Lucy mutter to herself . lucy tacky . she drive on . ext . road - day Lucy arrive at the Lake House and drive up to the mailbox , eager . she open it . there 's no book inside . just a note . she open it . what be you do JULY 4th ? on lucy she 's a little disappointed . 45 . int . hospital - break room - evening Lucy change clothes after work . in the b.g. , Patel and costello be also head out . lucy ( v.0o . ) go to the firework , I guess . I go every year . why ? ext . lake shore drive ( julian' continuity ) Julian drive toward the Loop , building glimmer in the twilight . julian ( v.0 . ) what do you say we both go ? ext . hospital - night ( lucy 's continuity ) Lucy walk out onto crowded downtown street . lucy ( v.0 . ) you be not ask I out , be you ? julian ( v.0o . ) no , no . I just think it might be good to do the same thing , that 's all . lucy ( v.0 . ) the same thing , two year apart . ext . chicago street - night ( julian' continuity ) Julian have park he truck and join the crowd move down the street . julian ( v.0 . ) better than stay home . they arrive at the same corner from different direction . lucy ( v.0 . ) okay . let 's go to the firework . split screen -- they both turn the corner , in both continuity -- and suddenly the river be before they , thronge up and down with crowd of people gather in the warm summer night . 46 . ext . chicago river - night ( julian' continuity ) Julian stop at a italian sausage stand run by a vendor in he 5as and a old man , the vendor 's father , who must be at least 80 . the vendor be about to hand Julian a sausage but he father stop he , pile some more onion and pepper on it for Julian . old man give the man he money 's worth . ( to Julian ) I be still teach he the business . vendor ( laugh ) all right , pop . Julian continue down to the river . ext . chicago river - night ( lucy continuity ) Lucy stop at the sausage stand . the vendor be two year older , a bit sadder - look . he tend the stand alone . lucy one , please . he nod , pile it high with onion and pepper . lucy ( v.0 . ) do you go to the station ? I never get my book . ext . chicago river - night ( julian' continuity ) Julian walk through the crowd . he watch a happy couple go by . julian ( v.0 . ) let I keep it for a while . I want to read it . ( beat ) there 's something I have be meaning to ask you . who be the guy at the train station ? ext . chicago river ( lucy continuity ) Lucy watch a different happy couple pass ( and be surprised to see that it 's Patel and costello , hold hand away from the hospital , furtive lover ) . 47 . ext . chicago river ( julian' continuity ) Julian stare up at the sky , in the middle of a expectant crowd , wait for the firework . julian ( v.0 . ) you fiance ? why do not you tell I ? lucy ( v.0o . ) you do not tell I about you love life . julian ( v.0 . ) because I do not have one . unfortunately . God , I can not believe you do not say you be marry . ext . chicago river ( lucy continuity ) Lucy in she crowd by the river . lucy ( v.0 . ) ( gentler ) I be not marry . we break up when I move to Chicago . cheer as the show begin and the first firework explode . she look up at the sky . lucy ( v.0 . ) I be alone . ext . chicago river ( julian' continuity ) Julian alone in the crowd as he firework show begin . julian ( V .0 . ) okay . I too . firework explode and echo in both continuity . Julian and Lucy watch , the light play on they upturn face . int . lucy bedroom - night Lucy come home . it 's a hot night and she apartment be stifling . she get ready for bed , stripping down to panty and tank top , and stand in front of a fan . lucy ( v.0 . ) so. how be you firework ? 48 . int . lake house - night Julian strip down to boxer . he open a window , try to catch a breeze on he equally hot night . julian ( v.0 . ) not as good as yours , I will bet . they get better every year . int . lucy bedroom / int . lake house split screen -- the two of they , lie in different halve of they bed . lucy ( v.0 . ) yeah ... they both lie there , hot and uncomfortable , toss in frustration , separate by time . int . lake house - continuous action then Julian jump up . he go to he desk and pull out a piece of paper . he write : at the train station , I ... he cross this out and start over . when I saw you ... I wasn't expect ... he cross this out too . then take a breath , and before he can stop himself , write : you didn't tell I you be so beautiful . int . hospital - break room - night Lucy read this word . she can not suppress a startle little gasp . she look around , embarrassed . no one have hear she . she write : lucy ( v.0 . ) no fair . you see I but I still do not know what you look like . int . lake house - night Julian look in the mirror , examine he hairline . ( continued ) 49 , continued : julian ( v.0o . ) you be right . I would not mind know what I be like in two year . why do not you get together with ' I ' in the future and let I know what you think ? int . lucy apartment - night Lucy consider this . lucy yeah . she take a breath , suddenly excited and nervous . her life could be about to change . she write : okay ... why not give I a call on JULY 10 , 2004 , at about she check she watch . it 's 9:04 . she write . 9:05 . close on the tip of her pen as it finish the last curve of the " 5 " -- the phone ring . she nearly fall out of she chair . Lucy steady herself . she get up and cross to the phone . she hesitates , then snatch up the receiver , heart racing . lucy ( whisper ) hello ? voice ( v.0 . ) ( on phone ) Lucy ? lucy yes ? voice ( v.0 . ) ( on phone ) it 's Morgan . 50 . continued : it take a moment for this to sink in . lucy Morgan ? morgan ( v.0o . ) ( on phone ) yeah . I be in Chicago . I come down for a meeting but it be cancel , so I think I would give you a call . what the hell . see if you be free . on lucy ext . chicago STREET - night Lucy walk with morgan -- the man from the train station , now two year older than when we last see he , good - look , nicely dress . they walk in awkward silence . morgan thanks for come out . lucy sure . morgan be too long . she do not answer . beat . morgan how 's Jack ? lucy he 's good . morgan adjusting to city life ? lucy yeah , he 's do great . morgan good . I miss he . beat . morgan have you eat , by any chance ? 51 . continued : lucy no , but -- morgan neither have I . I just realize I be starve . we could grab a quick dinner . Lucy nod , reluctantly . they be pass a small , elegant restaurant -- " IL mare . " morgan how about this ? look all right . lucy oh , no , Morgan , this place be much too ... but Morgan be already head inside . int . IL mare restaurant - night the place be small and stylish and serene . also absolutely pack . Morgan go up to the hostess . morgan two for dinner . hostess ( take aback ) tonight ? morgan yes , please . hostess I be sorry , sir . we be completely book for tonight . she page ahead through the reservation book . hostess but three ... no , I be sorry , four month from now we have a dinner open if you would like to reserve . five - thirty or eleven-thirty ? on Morgan , disappointed . int . pizza place - night Bright , garish pizza place . Morgan and Lucy eat . continued : she look he shake 52 . lucy do not feel bad . it 's the best restaurant in the city . no one get a table . morgan it 's not that . ( beat ) I do not do this right . at he . lucy you do not have a meeting , do you ? he head . she wait for he to continue . morgan I think you would see I if it seem like no big deal , a surprise , a quick coffee ... but coffee could turn into dinner . and dinner could turn into ... she shake she head . lucy what ? morgan anything . lucy so this be a ambush . morgan I guess so . lucy another one . morgan what do you mean ? lucy Morgan . you be always leaping ten step ahead . a week after we meet you have we whole life mapped out . when I be still at school , you be pick out real estate . ( more ) ( continued ) 53 . continued : lucy ( cont 'd ) I would come visit for the weekend and you would have all you high school friend , the whole town at the house to meet I . morgan at least I do not make out with somebody else . lucy what be you talk about ? morgan at the party ... lucy oh my God . I do not make out with he ! I kiss he , once , and it be just some random guy and it be year ago ... I can not believe you even remember that . morgan okay . you be right . I do not want to fight . ( beat ) it 's just ... part of I wonder ... if I have move to Chicago when you want to -- lucy you do not . ( beat ; gentler ) leave be the toughest decision I have ever make . I hope you know that . morgan yeah . ( sigh ) I be sorry . I never should have call . I just ... miss you . Lucy do not answer . he poke at he food , miserable . CUT to : int . truck - night Julian be park in he truck outside the architecture school . after a moment he get out . 54 . int . architecture school - burnham's office - night burnham , the architecture professor , at work at he desk . a SOUND at the door . he look up . Julian be stand in the doorway . burnham ( quiet ) this be a surprise . julian I be in the neighborhood ... he trail off , uncomfortable . beat . julian how have you be ? burnham I be well . burnham do not say anything else . Julian step into the room , tentative . julian how 's Margaret ? burnham she 's in London for the year , teach . otherwise the same . julian you ever gonna marry she ? burnham do you come here to make small talk ? julian no . Julian put a envelope on burnham 's desk . burnham look inside . a check . burnham what be this ? julian it 's what I owe you . burnham I beg you pardon ? julian you pay my tuition for two year . ( continued ) 55 . continued : burnham so ? julian so you waste you money . burnham I really do not think we owe each other anything . julian I would feel better . burnham ( shrug ) if it make you feel better . burnham look at the check briefly , pocket it . beat . julian there 's something else . I buy the house . burnham I hear a rumor . Word travel in this business . julian yeah ? burnham yes . they say some sleazy little developer building mcmansion up and down the lake shore snap it up . Julian stare at he for a moment . then abruptly exit , slamm the door behind he . int . burnham's office burnham take out the check again . he look at it , then slowly tear it in half and drop the two piece into a wastepaper basket . then he open a desk drawer and pull out a photograph . close on photo it be a photo of the Lake House under construction . burnham stand on the jetty with a lovely woman and a small boy , about seven . the boy point at the house , he arm around he father 's neck . burnham hold the little boy in he arm , smile and happy and proud . 56 . back to scene burnham look at the photo a moment , start to drop it in the wastebasket as well , then decide not to . he put it back in the drawer . dissolve to : ext . lake michigan - afternoon it be now autumn on the North shore . tree fiery and gorgeous against the deep , vivid blue of the lake . ext . construction site - afternoon Julian step out the front door of a complete condo -- the first one to be finish . he shake hand with mulhern , make a little ceremony of it . applause from the crew gather around . int . truck - evening Julian and mona sit in Julian 's truck look at the site . Jack be in the backseat . julian one down . mona forty -four to go . julian we be not terrifyingly behind schedule . just ... alarmingly . she look anxious . julian it 's gonna be okay . we will catch up . we could use a couple more guy who know how to handle a backhoe . and the waterline to number fourteen need to be reseale ... mona shut up . julian what ? ( continued ) 57 . continued : mona I be kind of piss at you , you know . julian you be ? mona I think you be suppose to be on top of thing around here . julian I think I be . mona well you never notice this . she put a foot up on the dashboard . she 's wear new , rather flashy red cowboy boot . mona do not you remember ? you tell I to get they . julian right . right. ( laugh ) wow . not exactly what I have in mind , but ... mona you like they or not ? he look at they . he also can not help look at she leg . she grin . julian I like they . mona good . ' Cause I be think ... if you be not busy tonight , we should -- in the back seat jack suddenly growls and leap out of the window . Julian surprised . julian hey ! ( continued ) 58 . continued : Julian scramble out . Jack be dash off over a hill . Julian shout but the dog do not stop . Julian take off run after he . mona get out . mona Julian ? ext . town STREET Julian chase Jack down a nearby residential street . the dog be speedy . Julian racing to keep up . ext . house - continuous action Jack dart across someone 's yard . Julian still chase . ahead , a man in he driveway be unload box from he car trunk . he see what 's happen and , quick on he foot , manage to scoop Jack up in he arm as the dog dash past . Julian run up , wind . julian thanks . man no problem . the man be morgan -- here , two year young than we see he last . Julian have only see he once before , under a umbrella in the train station , and do not recognize he . julian he 's never run off like that . morgan ( man ) gotta keep a eye on they . what 's he name ? julian Jack . morgan ( petting he ) hi , Jack . I should get one like you for my girlfriend . she love dog . Julian note all of Morgan 's box -- case of beer and wine . julian let I give you a hand with that . 59 . ext . town STREET mona , far behind and hobble by the boot ( which be hard to run in ) , stumble down the street look for Julian . int . / ext . morgan' house Julian help Morgan carry in the box . Morgan be a genial , chatty guy . Julian listen politely . morgan I do some real estate law , contract , will , whatever people need around here . Big stuff , small stuff . julian yeah ? morgan ( smile ) okay , mostly small stuff . how about you ? you live here long ? julian just a few month . I have get a place on the Lake . morgan Nice . they be do . mona come limping up , wind . mona oh , thank God . you find he . julian yeah . Morgan nod " hi " to mona . morgan hey , just so you do not think I be plan to drink all this by myself -- I be have a bunch of friend over tonight . local . you two be welcome to come . Julian and mona exchange a glance . mona thanks . we have get plan . ( continued ) 60 . continued : morgan no problem . good to meet you anyway . see you later , Jack . oh , hey , Julian -- ( reach into he pocket ) take my card ? I might be look to rent a place on the Lake myself . if you hear of anything , would you let I know ? julian okay . morgan thanks . I like this house , but my girlfriend do not . you know how it be . julian sure . mona and Julian start off . morgan I promise she a Lake view if she move here after mo school . Julian stop . julian she 's in medical school ? morgan yeah . in madison . she come down on the weekend , though . Julian stare . he finally realize that Morgan 1s the man who be on the train platform with Lucy . morgan she 's come in later tonight , actually . that 's why I be throw the party . beat . julian what time do it start ? mona stare at Julian . CUT to : 6l. ext . hospital - night Lucy come out after work , tired . start to head for the El . then change she mind and stop . she reverse direction and walk down the street until she come to a bar -- the cove , the place the other doctor tell she about . she go in . int . " cove " bar the place be dead , mostly empty . she go to the bar and sit down , glum . CUT to : ext . morgan' house - night Julian and mona arrive at Morgan 's house . Party in progress inside . Cars park in the driveway , on the street . they start inside . mona this better be good . int . morgan' house - later Morgan among he friend and neighbor , talk , laugh . morgan you would not catch I dead in Chicago . I grow up here . you would have to be nut to live anywhere else . I -- he stop Julian and mona as they come in . morgan hey ! glad you could make it . bar 's in the kitchen ... they move through the room . a pretty dull crowd . mona give he a " why be we here ? " look . no sign of Lucy anywhere . they eventually sit on the couch next to doug and marjorie , a couple in they 30 . Doug stick out he hand . doug Doug Ryan . ( continued ) continued : julian Julian . mona mona. doug I teach Earth Sciences at the middle school . marjorie coaches speech and debate . she 's a expert in public speak . be not that right , honey ? 62 . marjorie nod but do not say anything . uncomfortable beat . doug you know anything about Earth Sciences ? Julian shake he head . int . cove bar - night CUT to : Anna klyczynski appear and sit down at the bar next to Lucy . she order a drink . anna accord to most accept social norm a person should not drink alone after ten p.m. , unless they have a good excuse . what 's yours ? lucy do not have one . anna I do . my youngest leave for college this morning . Marie . ( shake she head ) there be this little girl splash around in a wading pool in diaper in my back yard . and now she 's pack she volvo to drive to California . I have no goddamn idea where the time go . ( smile ) she 's go to be pre-med at Stanford . ( continued ) 63. continued : lucy that 's great . anna ( proud ) yeah . ( drink ) you want another one ? lucy yeah . Anna order . the drink come . beat. lucy okay . I do have a excuse . CUT to : int . morgan' house Julian and mona be still on the couch with Doug and marjorie , look restless . Doug be use two paper plate to illustrate what he 's say . doug all of the Earth 's continent rest on tectonic plate . now this plate be continually move and shifting ... mona ( to Julian , out of the side of she mouth ) get the coat . julian Excuse I for a sec , Doug . Julian get up . elsewhere Morgan be look out the window . morgan okay , everybody ! this be it ! Morgan turn out all the light in the room . everyone quiet . ( continued ) 64 . continued : after a moment a figure carry a overnight bag come into the darken room . Lucy . lucy hello ? Morgan flip on the light . everyone yell " surprise , '' " happy birthday , " etc . someone carry in a cake blaze with candle . Lucy look stunne . Morgan kiss she . Julian watch . CUT to : int . " cove " bar - night Lucy and Anna at the bar . anna why do not you mention it be you birthday ? we would have have a cake for you or something . lucy it 's just time pass . I hate make a big deal out of it . Anna look at she . anna you keep a lot to yourself . Lucy do not say anything . anna nothing wrong with it . but I have sometimes wonder what else you have in you life besides work . family ? boyfriend ? lucy I do ... int . morgan' house CUT to : Morgan enthusiastically introduce Lucy around , everyone toast she , hugging she , etc . she 's try not to show that she 's a little annoyed . ( continued ) 65 . continued : morgan and this , this be Larry wuchich . ' the wooch ' -- I have know this maniac since third grade ... lucy hello . they turn to the next guest . Julian and mona . mona eager to leave . morgan oh hey . this be Julian . this guy 's gonna help we find we Lake house . lucy hello . julian hi. Morgan see that they be hold they coat . morgan you be not leave ? Julian look at they . Morgan 's arm around Lucy . julian no . we will stay . mona glare . int . morgan' house - later Julian be look for a bathroom . he pass a bedroom door , ajar . inside , Morgan be kissing Lucy . Julian step back quickly . he overhear : morgan be you surprised ? lucy yeah , I be . when be they go to leave ? morgan what 's the matter ? ( continued ) 66 . continued : lucy nothing . Long train ride . I do not know . I guess I think we be go to be alone tonight . morgan this be my friend , lu . they be go to be we friend . I want you to get to know they . we be go to be make a life here . lucy I know . I know ... CUT to : int . " cove " bar Lucy and Anna at the bar . on lucy beat . lucy we move together after I finish mo school . he rent this great house . gorgeous place , up north , right on the Lake . his hometown . I do my internship . we be go to live there forever . that be the plan . anna what happen ? lucy it be he plan . anna ah . lucy no . that 's not fair . I think I want it too . I do not know . anyway , I end it . anna so who do you write to ? 67 . back to scene Lucy say anna I could not help notice . every time you get a break at the hospital you be write , or read a letter . nothing . anna sorry . it 's none of my business . lucy no . it 's okay . there be somebody . ( slowly ) it 's kind of a ... long distance relationship . anna how long ? lucy Long . anna how would you meet ? lucy we have not . anna what ? lucy we just write letter . anna you be kid . lucy no. anna you mean , like a pen pal ? lucy you get it . Anna laugh , but Lucy look morose . she drain she drink . ( continued ) 68. continued : lucy Story of my life . ( beat ) keep everything at a nice , safe distance . everyone ... ( sigh ) the guy who be right in front of I , who want to marry I -- I push he away , I run . meanwhile , the one man I can never even meet -- he , I want to give my whole heart to . beat . anna so you have really never speak face - to-face ? lucy never. ( stop , suddenly realize ) no. wait. once ... CUT to : ext . morgan' house Lucy come out of the party . the look of someone badly in need of a break . she sit . beat . then she realize that she 's not alone . Julian be out here too , alone . she nod to he . he nod back , not sure what to say , if he should say anything . beat . julian happy birthday . lucy if one more person say that to I tonight I will kill they . julian ( back off ) right . beat . ( continued ) 69 . continued : lucy sorry . I know it 's no big deal . just another year . I guess I be not really in a party mood . julian I either . lucy so what be you do here ? julian I be ... hope to meet somebody . lucy who ? julian someone Morgan tell I about . lucy ah. a fix up . julian kind of . lucy he 's always think ahead , we Morgan . ( beat ) so what be you wait for ? julian I be try to work up my nerve . she smile , nod . beat . lucy so. you be go to get we a place on the Lake , huh ? julian yes . I be . she 's a little take aback by the confidence of he response . lucy be you a real estate agent ? julian no . but I have a Lake House . ( continued ) 70 . continued : lucy ( puzzle ) oh. julian and you be go to rent it after I move out . ( beat ) I mean , you could . if you want to . lucy when be you move out ? julian I be ... not sure . I guess after you finish mo school ? she stare at he . julian Morgan say you be in medical school ... he trail off . uncomfortable pause . Lucy be confuse , and Julian feel he bas lose he grip on the conversation , if he ever have one . lucy what make you think we would like it ? julian you will like it . lucy can you swim ? julian sure , I take lesson as a kid . lucy no , I mean , can you swim from the house ? julian oh . he laugh . she laugh too . julian uh no . you can not . that 's one drawback . there 's no way down to the water . ( continued ) 71 . continued : lucy that 's too bad . julian ( nod ) yeah . as he talk , he move over and sit down next to she . julian ( grow more animated ) I have actually think -- well , you would have to see it , but I have always have this idea you could change it . nothing major . but a few new element would really transform it . a deck out back . and some stair . lucy stair go down to the water ? julian yeah . just like a gentle slope , curving down ... so you could step out the back door and slip into the Lake whenever you feel like it . or if you just want to sit out there ... lucy that sound nice . int . morgan' house Lucy look back at the house . Party still go strong . she sigh . lucy it 's pretty late . have not you better get back in there ? if you be go to find you dream girl tonight ? on julian julian yeah ... he hesitates , not sure what to do . he stare at she . julian Lucy ... 72 . back to scene beat . lucy yes ? julian ( quickly ) have you read persuasion by Jane austen ? Lucy look startle . lucy it 's my favorite book . ( beat ) why ? julian I have a friend who like it . lucy you friend bas good taste . julian yes . she does. ( beat ) I have be meaning to read it . lucy you should . julian I will . he sit down next to she . julian what 's it about ? lucy it 's about ... wait . ( beat ) this two people meet . they almost fall in love , but the timing be not right , and they have to part . then , year later , they meet again . they get another chance . but they do not know if too much time have pass , if they have wait too long , if it 's too late for thing to work out . julian sound sad . ( continued ) 73. continued : lucy it 's not . not in the end . they be sit quite close . she look at he . she suddenly incline she head toward he and they lip meet . a long , linger kiss . after a moment she break off . lucy I do not know why I do that . julian I will try to explain ... he be lean into she again when ... the door behind they open and Morgan and mona come out . Julian and Lucy quickly separate but Morgan and mona can see they have interrupt something . very uncomfortable moment . lucy oh , Morgan , hey . uh , Julian be just tell I about he house . it sound really great . morgan ( stony ) great . lucy ( to Julian ) we be , uh , definitely interested . julian good . I will be in touch . ( he stare at she . then , almost to himself ) I promise . mona Julian . it 's late . Julian reluctantly get to he foot . CUT to : 74. int . taxicab - night Lucy ride home from the cove in a cab . lucy ( v.0 . ) my God . that be you . I remember you . why do not you tell I who you be ? int . pickup truck - night Julian drive home through the darkness . julian ( v.0 . ) come on . you would have think I be insane . ext . lucy continuity / julian' continuity as the scene continue , time pass for both of they ( note : we might see time lapse footage , etc. ) , although we experience this exchange as a single conversation . lucy ( frustrated ) but I like you . that be we chance . you should have tell I . julian what about you boyfriend ? lucy what about you girlfriend ? julian she 's not my girlfriend ! lucy well , he 's not my boyfriend ! julian he be then ! I mean , he be now . lucy you now , not mine ! and maybe ' now ' would be different if you have say something then . maybe now would have come sooner , or maybe now it would be we now , not just my now , you know ? julian no ! I do not ! ( continued ) 75 . continued : in her apartment , Lucy read this , groan in frustration , and toss the letter across the room . in the lake house , Julian , equally frustrated , toss he pencil away . in both continuity jack dodge the object , and we -- dissolve to : ext . architecture school - day Henry be on a bench on the plaza , read before class . vanessa arrive , carry a portfolio . she sit down on the other end of the bench . she look at Henry . vanessa hi. henry ( barely note she ) hey . he keep read . beat . she jiggle the portfolio up and down on she lap nervously . Henry glance over and she stop . vanessa sorry . ( clutching the portfolio ) I be present today , henry you nervous ? vanessa a little , yeah . henry there 's no reason for you to be . she brighten . vanessa really ? henry Nah . whatever you do , I be sure he will shoot it down . her face fall . she get up quickly and walk away . Henry be not aware that he 's upset he ( continued ) 76 . continued : he read a bit more , then check he watch and get up to go in . he see something and stop . henry oh no . but he suddenly run across the plaza . vanessa be kneel over a man who have collapse near the entrance to the school . it be they professor , burnham . int . lake house Julian come home . Jack wait for he . he pour food for the dog , then notice he answer machine be blink . he play the message . henry ( v.0 . ) ( on machine ) Julian . listen . it 's you dad . int . cook county hospital - day Julian rush into the hospital . he go to the admission desk . julian I be look for my father , Julian burnham . he be admit today . b-u-r-n-h -- doctor ( 0.s. ) Mr. burnham ? Julian turn . a doctor be approach he . Anna klyczynski -- here , of course , two year young than we have see she before . klyczynski I be Anna klyczynski . I be the attend for you father . julian what happen ? be he okay ? klyczynski he 's okay . walk with I . he 's have a heart attack . fortunately relatively minor , and he student get he here quickly . we be monitoring he . we will probably want to keep he for a day or two . 77 . int . hospital corridor Henry be wait outside burnham 's room as Julian walk up . he stand . Julian and Henry hug . julian hank . my God . thank you . henry be you kid ? I be just sorry I have to leave it on you machine . you all right ? julian yeah . Julian break off , ready himself to go in . he indicate the close door . julian be he sleep ? henry no . Julian start to go in . henry Julian . I would not . julian why not ? henry he 's busy . julian busy ? do what ? henry evaluate a student project . Julian look disbely . he start to laugh . julian of course . henry can not let a little coronary throw off you whole class schedule . Julian shake he head . the door open . vanessa come out , carry she portfolio . she walk up to Henry . she look he in the eye . ( continued ) 78 . continued : vanessa he love it . she turn on she heel and walk away . Henry watch she go , take aback . Julian let himself into the room . int . hospital room burnham be propped up in bed , hook up to monitoring machine , read . he have a lot of work with he -- professional journal and magazine , papers , etc . Julian walk into the room quietly , almost tentatively . burnham do not hear he at first . when he do finally look over , he lower he book but do not put it down . julian hi. int . hospital cafeteria - night Julian sit at a table , write . julian ( v.0o . ) I know I have not write for a while . but I need to ... I want to tell you about my father . int . lucy apartment - night Lucy read the letter . julian ( v.0o . ) he 's famous . you know he work -- he build the Lake House . he sell it year ago , after my mother die . I guess he be try to slam the door on that chapter of he life . of course it be my life too . I get it back . int . hospital cafeteria - night Julian stare at the page . then write another line . julian ( v.0o . ) that 's just one of the reason we do not get along . 79 . int . hospital room - night Julian bring burnham a cup of coffee . burnham be still up and work . julian I m not suppose to do this . I have to sneak it past three nurse . burnham it 's not decaf , be it ? julian no. burnham take it , sip , go back to he read . awkward beat . Julian sit . eventually burnham glance over . burnham I do not need you . julian I be gonna stay until you test result come in . burnham that 's not until morning . julian there 's no point drive all the way back up tonight . burnham shrug , go back to he read . the silence be deafen . Julian fidget . after a moment he pick up one of the architecture magazine . julian do you mind if I ... burnham help yourself . Julian sit down , glum , and flip through it . burnham if that kind of thing still interest you . int . lucy apartment Lucy continue read . ( continued ) 80. continued : julian ( v.0 . ) I have make my share of small , stupid mistake in my life . but I have make one huge , epic , massively stupid ultra-mistake . and that be go to architecture school to study under the great Louis burnham . int . hospital room - night burnham be now asleep . Julian watch he breathe in the dimly - light room , the monitoring machine blink silently . julian ( v.0 . ) everybody say I have he talent . zry the learn from the old man . fo ow in he footstep -- maybe all the anger and mistrust would just ... melt away . Julian gently take the empty coffee cup out of he father 's hand . he pick up the papers strewn on the bed and stack they neatly on the bedside table . julian ( v.0 . ) right . every class become a war zone . every dispute inflame by year of bitter feel . Julian sit , try to find a comfortable position to sleep in the hospital room chair . it 's impossible . he stare at the figure sleep in the bed . julian ( v.0 . ) somebody have to surrender . so I do . I quit . ( beat ) and that be why , at the same age when my father be embark upon a legendary career , I be throw up condo and live in the old man 's house . int . hospital room - morning Julian look strung - out after he night in the chair . burnham examine he breakfast tray , annoyed . burnham no coffee . ( continued ) continued : 81 . julian you just have a heart attack . do not you think you can do without it ? burnham without it , I will have a fuck stroke . int . hospital corridor - later Julian bring the coffee to he father 's room , annoyed . before he can go in klyczynski come out , carry a patient file . Julian be klyczynski there you be . think I would miss you . we be just go over he result . julian ( disbelief ) I be come right back . he do not ask you to wait ? klyczynski no . julian Jesus . really surprised and hurt by this . klyczynski sit he down . klyczynski I will tell you everything I tell you dad . he 's go to be fine , as long as we do some intervention . julian intervention ? klyczynski a angioplasty . it 's quite routine , and it should prevent a repeat of the coronary episode . he 's agree to schedule for tomorrow , get it do quickly . julian whatever he want . ( continued ) 82. continued : Julian get up and start off . klyczynski you be welcome to go in if you would like . julian I have get to get back to work . klyczynski do not you want to speak with he before the surgery ? Julian hand she the cup of coffee . julian just give he this . it 's all he want from I . int . pickup truck - day Julian drive back up North , grim . he arrive at the Lake House . julian ( V. 0 . ) I do not know what I be expect . I guess part of I think , well , dad 's in a bed in cook County Hospital , he 's about to have serious surgery , it might go a little bit deeper than ' be this decaf ? ( beat ) but of course that 's not how thing work . when I quit school I reject everything he stand for . that 's how he see it . so buy this house must have seem like a sick joke . maybe he be right . I do not know and it 's too late to change thing now . one thing 's for sure : if I really be hope for a tearful little bedside reunion . I be as stupid as he think I be . ( beat ) well . I seem to have pour my little heart out here . sorry . thanks for read . 83. int . lucy apartment - night Lucy read . julian ( v.0 . ) I find myself want to tell you thing I have never tell anyone . thing I do not know myself until I write they down to send to you . maybe that 's the strangest part of all of this . ( beat ) Love , Julian . Lucy linger on this letter , on the last word , " love . " Jack trot up and jump into she lap . she pet he , think . CUT to : int . lake house - predawn Jack trot over to Julian 's bed . he jump up on it . Julian be lie awake , unable to sleep but it 's too early to get up . he pet the dog . he have a impulse to pick up the telephone . he resist it . CUT to : int . hospital corridor - predawn Lucy come into the hospital a bit early for she shift . she go to a elevator and get in . she punch the button for a sub-sub-basement . as she ride down she take out Julian 's letter and study it . close on the word " dad be in bed in cook county hospital . " CUT to : int . hospital corridor - morning burnham be on a gurney be wheeled down the corridor toward surgery by a orderly . he suddenly try to sit up . ( continued ) 84 . continued : burnham stop. orderly what ? burnham I have decide ... before I go in I want to make a call , please . orderly I be sorry , sir , I get to get you straight into the o.r . you will have to do it after . burnham reluctantly nod . CUT to : int . hospital record room Lucy search through endless shelf of old patient record . she eventually locate a file label " louis burnham . '' she spread it open and begin paging through it . past test result , etc . she turn a page and stop . a death certificate . she look at it , disturb . it be sign by Anna klyczynski . the date give be two year earlier . place of death : cook County Hospital . Cause : coronary failure during surgery . int . hospital corridor Lucy run up to madhvi Patel , urgent . lucy madhvi . I have get a emergency . take my shift . patel now ? lucy I have cover for you . please . madhvi nod . Lucy run out . 85 . ext . lake house - morning ( lucy continuity ) Lucy drive toward the Lake House , very worried . CUT to : int . / ext . lake house ( julian' continuity ) Julian gather he thing for work and walk across the jetty toward he truck . CUT to : ext . lake house - morning ( lucy continuity ) Lucy stop in front of the mailbox and jump out . she shove a note in and yank up the red flag . she stare at it , breathless . lucy come on . CUT to : ext . lake house ( julian' continuity ) Julian drive away . he have not notice that the mailbox flag be up . his truck recede into the distance . ext . lake house ( lucy continuity ) Lucy open the box quickly . her letter be stlll inside . she bang on the mailbox , tear of frustration in she eye . lucy goddamn it . the flag stay up . dissolve to : ext . construction site - day Julian work on a rooftop . his cell phone ring . klyczynski ( v.0 . ) ( on phone ) Mr. burnham ? this be Doctor klyczynski at cook County . 86 . continued : julian yes ? klyczynski ( v.0 . ) ( beat ) I be afraid I have some difficult news . ext . construction site - a moment later Julian run to he truck and take off . mona see he dash away . she call after he . but he do not stop . ext . lake house Julian arrive home . he be pale , stunne . he see the flag on the mailbox . he retrieve Lucy 's note , open it and glance briefly at it before let he arm drop to he side . the note drop , flutter away , to land in the water beneath the jetty . on the note the ink be smear in the water but we can see the word " go back to the hospital now - unforeseen complication - you father ... '' dissolve to : ext . memorial service - day Julian outside a chapel , in a dark suit , nodd at mourner as they file in for he father 's memorial service . lucy ( v.0 . ) Julian . I be terribly sorry about you father . ( beat ) I know I have to at least try to warn you . I think I could get there in time . I hope we could change what happen . ( beat ) I be wrong . I guess this thing can not be change . ( more ) 87 . continued : lucy ( v.0o . ) ( cont 'd ) if they could , then the file would not have say what it say , so I never would have try to warn you ... and then we would be right back where we be anyway . it just go in circle and I do not pretend to understand it . all I know be the shock feel fresh to I , even though it happen two year ago , so I can not imagine what it 's like for you . int . memorial service Julian listen , blank - face , to the pastor . moving over the face of the attendee , Henry and other student among they . find Anna klyczynski sit in the back . she look like she have not sleep . lucy ( v.0 . ) this thing just ... happen sometimes . I know . last February -- I remember it be Valentine 's Day , but it be really warm -- I be at Buckingham Fountain . and something happen . I will not bore you with the detail now , but it be rough . not like what you be go through , but it bother I a lot . and a friend give I some good advice . she say to go somewhere that make I feel most like my true self . int . architecture school - day the funeral reception be be hold at the school . example of burnham 's work on display around the room . Julian shake hand with other mourner . lucy ( v.0 . ) so I do . I drive to the Lake House . and that be the day I get you first letter . int . architecture school - later after the reception , Henry and a few other student help fold chair , clean up . 88. continued ; lucy ( v.0 . ) it 's a place we both love , and it 's a place you father build , so I hope you can find some solace there . find Julian sit alone before a large photo of the Lake House , look lose . int . art institute of chicago - close - the same photo on the page of a book hold by Lucy . lucy ( v.0 . ) and I hope that whatever separate you will come to seem less important , and perhaps , in time , disappear . she be in the architecture section of the Art Institute bookshop . she take the book to the front to pay for it . lucy ( v.0 . ) your , Lucy . ( beat ) p.s. about the book . ext . lare house - dusk Julian at the mailbox . he hold the book that Lucy have send to he , along with the letter we have be hearing . lucy it will not be publish for a year or two , so do not show it to anybody . but I think you should see it . Julian open to the first page . the title be loius burnham - life work . the publication date be 2004 . then he notice that Lucy have mark one page . Julian turn to it . it 's the photo of Julian at age 7 with he parent on the jetty of the Lake House . Julian stand on the jetty , stare at the photo . 89 . int . lake house - night he sit , still look at the same page . then turn from the photo and flip through the rest of the book . photo , blueprint , sketches -- a lifetime of complex , beautiful work . on julian admiration in he eye . dissolve to : int . art supply store Julian carefully select a large sketch pad and some charcoal pencil from among the art supplies . he carry they to the front and give they to the clerk . julian I would like this , please . ext . lake house - evening Julian perches on the back ledge in the fade daylight , he foot dangle . the sketch pad be on he lap but be have not draw anything . he look down at the water , far below . he make a decision and begin to write . CUT to : int . lucy apartment - night Lucy on she bed , hold the same piece of sketching paper . she stare at it . on the page Julian have write in charcoal " I want to meet you . for real this time . " intercut - int . lucy apartment / int . lake house Julian and Lucy write and pace , anxious and eager -- another exchange of letter that play as a continuous conversation . continued : 90 . lucy how ? julian pick a place . I will be there . I promise . tomorrow , what do you say ? lucy Julian . it 's not tomorrow for you . you will have to wait two year . julian I do not care . I will wait . go to the restaurant tomorrow and I will be there . I will be two year older but I will be there . lucy what will you do all that time ? julian think of you . ( beat ) and work out every day , get in shape , pray I do not lose my hair ... Lucy smile . beat . she take giddy . lucy be you sure ? julian I have never be so sure of anything in my life . I have lose so much time already . I do not want to lose any more with you . a deep breath . she suddenly feel almost lucy see you 1n two year , then . julian see you tomorrow night . ( beat ) where would you like to go ? CUT to : 91. int . IL mare restaurant - day ( julian' continuity ) Julian in the restaurant talk to the Restaurant hostess ( here two year young than we have see she before ) . she leaf through the reservation book . hostess well , I be sorry , but we just receive we fourth star and I be afraid a reservation at this time will be extremely difficult . when be you hope to dine with we ? julian two year from tomorrow . September 15 , 2004 . the hostess blink . she close the book . hostess we should be able to accommodate you , sir . dissolve to ; int . lucy apartment - morning Lucy get ready to leave for work . she check a elegant , rather sexy new dress that she have hang in the closet , ready for tonight . int . hospital corridor - evening Lucy finish round . she return a stack of file to the nurse ' station and start for the locker room , eager to leave . klyczynski come run up . klyczynski Lucy . we never get daily blood from the floor . lucy what ? the intern be suppose to ... klyczti / ski the intern screw up . listen , if we each take half we can get it do pretty fast ... Lucy nod , rush off . 92. ext . EL platform - night Lucy wait on the platform for the train home , late , impatient . lucy come on , shit ... int . lucy apartment - night she enter in a hurry , run to the bedroom throw off she clothes . Jack be watch she . she notice he . she take a deep breath . lucy he 's wait two year . what 's another half -hour . right ? she continue she preparation , but at a calmer pace . ext . lucy apartment - night Lucy exit she building . she look spectacularly elegant and beautiful . ext . IL mare restaurant - night Lucy approach the restaurant . she stop before she go in . she 's ready : excited but calm , confident . she open the door . int . IL mare restaurant - continuous action as she check she coat she scan the room . there be not many table . before she can locate Julian the hostess come up to she . hostess May I help you ? lucy yes . I have a reservation . Forster . or burnham , I be not sure which name it 's under . the hostess examine she book . hostess oh ! yes ! you be the ... ( stop herself ) follow I . 93. int . IL mare dine room Lucy be show to a table for two . it 's empty . she be a little surprised . hostess I hope you will forgive I , but I can not help ask ... lucy yes ? hostess ( eager ) this reservation be sort of ... legendary . it 's be here longer than - most of the staff . there 's always be intense speculation about who make it , and why , and if you would actually show up . some of the crew even have bet go ... Lucy look around . waiter all over the room be sneaking glance at she . chef and busboys peer out from behind the kitchen door . Lucy suddenly feel very self - conscious . hostess ( quickly ) I be sorry . I should not have -- I will send the waiter for you drink order right away . int . IL mare dine room - later a waiter pour Lucy a glass of champagne . waiter complimentary . lucy thank you . waiter ( can not help himself ) good luck . he dart away . she sip the champagne , nervous . int . IL mare dine room - later her glass be empty . she be still wait , alone at the table . the waiter come over to refill she glass , but Lucy stop he . 94 , continued : she be aware that the restaurant staff be watch she , whisper to one another . the hostess shoos they away . int . IL mare dine room - later hour have pass . other diner be linger over dessert , coffee , chat intimately across the candlelit table . Lucy still be alone . after a long moment she push she chair back and get up . everyone be watch she , grave . she make she way to the front , expressionless . she collect she coat , not speak to anyone . she exit . the hostess watch she go . ext . STREET - night Lucy walk home , alone . her stoic facade begin to crumble . tear in she eye . lucy ( v.0 . ) you be not there . ext . lake house - day a windy , grey day on the lake . Julian at the mailbox , read the word " you weren't there . " he shake he head . julian ( out loud ) I be so sorry . int . truck Julian drive along the Lake . julian ( v.0 . ) I do not get it . something must have happen . look I have get two year . I will try to fix it . int . lucy bedroom - morning Lucy get up . she sleep in she dress . 95 . continued : her face be puffy from cry . she go to the bathroom and scrub she face clean . she put on everyday clothes . she hang up she dress in the closet and shut the closet door . lucy ( v.0 . ) no , Julian ... you do not understand . it 's too late . it already happen . ( beat ) I be not upset . well , I be at first . but now I just feel stupid -- for forget how much a person 's life can change in two year . and for expect yours not to change . for expect you to wait -- to run in place , to put you life on hold , for I . ext . lake Julian throw stone into the Lake , frustrated . julian ( v.0o . ) but I can do it . I can wait for you . I know I can . I would not just forget ... int . hospital locker room Lucy change into she scrub . lucy ( v.0 . ) maybe you do . maybe wherever you be ' now , ' you be busy , and happy , and live so fully in the present that the dinner date you make two year ago just ... slip you mind . the way we forget impossible fantasy when we outgrow they , when we get on with we real life . int . trailer - day Julian brood over this letter . mona be at she desk , look at he with long . she look away when he glance over . julian ( v.0o . ) be you say I should get on with my real life ? 96 . int . hospital - day Lucy wheel a patient -- a pretty woman , 30 , be discharge . she thanks Lucy , effusive , then turn to greet she approach husband and daughter . Lucy watch as she patient embrace she joyful family , hugging they close . lucy ( v.0 . ) I be say ... I think we both should . ext . mailbox - day Julian read this last line , alarmed . int . lake house Julian dash off a obviously emotional reply . the final word be " please write back . " ext . lake house Julian put he letter in the mailbox and raise the flag . it stay up . he open it ; he letter be still inside . CUT to : int . lake house / ext . mailbox - various shot week passing as Julian write and post letter after letter . eventually there be a stack of he letter in the box . they keep pile up , and they be never answer . dissolve to : int . " cove " bar - night it be now winter , a snowy night in Chicago . Patel , costello , klyczynski and some other doctor be ina booth talk , laugh , wind down after work . lucy be with they . int . lucy apartment night Lucy come home to find a message wait on she answer machine . 97 . continued : she play it . morgan ( v.0o . ) ( on machine ) hey , lu. it 's Morgan . I be in Chicago . I have to come down for a meeting . Lucy start to press the delete button . morgan ( V .0 . ) ( on machine ) a real one this time . I swear . she hesitates . morgan ( V .0 . ) ( on machine ) call I . only if you feel like it . on lucy int . pizza place - night Lucy and Morgan eat in the pizza place they wound up in before . they seem more or less at each with each other . morgan I do not think you would come out . lucy do not take it personally . morgan you just could not say no to the free meal . lucy exactly . he laugh . lucy so. how would you ' meeting ' go ? morgan I tell you . I do not make it up , it really happen . lucy prove it . 98 . continued : morgan they offer I a job . on lucy surprised . back to scene morgan Big telecom company . I be gonna be in - house counsel . ( smile ) call they if you do not believe I . ext . chicago STREET - night they walk . lucy when will you move ? morgan right away . ( off she look ) I take the job because I want the job . it happen to be in Chicago . it 's no ambush , lu. she nod . lucy and the man swore he would never leave he hometown . morgan ( shrug ) people change . they arrive at she building . lucy well , it 's great news . congratulation , Morgan . I be really happy for you . morgan thanks . thanks for come out . lucy anytime . ( continued ) 99 . continued : she lean in and kiss he goodnight , briefly . Morgan surprised and pleased . she look at he . it 's comfortable , familiar . a tree behind Morgan sway in the night air . it 's the tree Julian plant . Lucy glance at it , then close she eye and draw Morgan to she . CUT to : ext . lake house - night the mailbox be cover with snow . it 's so cold that the Lake have freeze near the shore . Julian , walk by , check inside the mailbox , a reflex . it 's empty . he slam it shut . ext . house - night mona jaffee open she front door . Julian stand there . she look at he , surprised . mona what 's the matter ? be there a problem at the site ? julian no , no problem . mona so what be you do here ? he step forward . he kiss she . she return it , eager . she pull he inside . mona what take you so damn long ? she close the door . dissolve to : ext . lake house - morning Julian walk Jack on a cold morning near the Lake . Julian 's distract , out of it , and do not notice as Jack trot away , toward the freeze lake . Julian finally look around for the dog . julian hey ! ( continued ) 100 . continued : Jack start run . Julian chase he . Jack dash onto the lake , chase bird across the ice . Julian go out after he . julian Jack ! but Jack be far away and get farther , make for some distant tree . Julian try to follow . he slip on the ice . by the time he get to he foot Jack be nowhere to be see . Julian wheel around , upset . the dog be really go . Julian be about to call he again when he suddenly stop . a realization dawns on he face . int . / ext . trailer - day mona 's red cowboy boot crunch through the snow as she head for the trailer . as she walk in , Julian be fill a cardboard box , clear out he desk . she stare at he . after a moment : julian we be on schedule . we be ahead even . the crew know the job backwards . it would take a major earthquake for you not to finish on time and you be not go to have a major earthquake . mona how do you know that ? julian I know . ( beat ) I have get to go . beat. mona be it the job ? or I ? julian neither . I be sorry , mona . ( continued ) 101 . continued : mona I do not get it . why now ? julian it 's just time . mona you sound so sure . Julian nod . mona well , shit , Julian . she sit down , unhappy . beat . she suddenly grab she boot and yank they off . mona this be so fuck uncomfortable . she mock - throw they at he . he dodge , smile . she can not help smile back . int . lake house - night Julian methodically and determinedly pack up the house . he tape together cardboard box and throw he possession in . he bag garbage and sweep and mop . in the course of he work he find a stack of Lucy 's letter . he look at they for a moment , then bundle they up and bury they deep in a cardboard box . int . attic he carry the box into the attic and seal it . int . / ext . morgan' law office - day Morgan in he storefront law office . outside , Julian pull up in he truck . the flatbe be pile with he possession . Morgan come out . he recognize Julian from the party , and do not look happy to see he . julian still want to rent a Lake House ? Julian toss he a set of key . Morgan look stony . he throw they back . ( continued ) 102 . continued : julian it 's what Lucy want . morgan how the hell do you know ? julian trust I . Julian hand he the key . they look at each other . ext . morgan' law office - later Morgan watch Julian drive away . he 's take the house . he pocket the key and turn to go back inside . something catch he eye . in the distance a dog be amble slowly down the street , look cold and lose and forlorn . it 's Jack . on Morgan . dissolve to : montage - music over as time pass in both continuity . int . henry's apartment build ( julian' continuity ) Winter . Julian unload he truck and move in with Henry in Henry 's ramshackle Chicago apartment . int . lucy apartment ( lucy continuity ) Morgan move into Lucy 's small apartment , unpack . Lucy clear space in she closet for he clothes . he go to she and they kiss . ext . architecture school ( julian' continuity ) Henry graduate from school . Julian 1s there to congratulate he . vanessa be also graduate . Henry move to congratulate she . they look at each other . 103 . int . architecture classroom ( julian 's continuity ) Autumn . architecture student take note . find Julian among they ; he be back at school . he take note as a professor lecture . int . lucy apartment ( lucy continuity ) Lucy go through she closet , put away summer clothes , take out sweater . she come across the dress she wear to meet Julian . she stare at it , then shove it to the back of she closet . int . party - night ( lucy continuity ) Winter . Lucy at a upscale new year eve party . Morgan joke with a group of annoying lawyer . Lucy look bored . it 's midnight . everyone celebrate . Morgan turn to Lucy and kiss she . int . henry's apartment - night ( julian' continuity ) Julian at a New Year 's party . scruffy student crowd . at midnight , everyone embrace . find Henry and vanessa kissing , in love . Julian , alone , look out the window as firework go off in the distance . ext . chicago STREET - day ( julian' continuity ) Winter . Julian walk down the street toward the architecture school , a portfolio under he arm . it 's cold . he pull he scarf tighter around he neck . it 's the scarf Lucy give he . he pass a Chicago row house . ext . brownstone - day ( lucy continuity ) the same house . it now have a " for sale " sign in front . Morgan walk up the step . end montage . int . brownstone Morgan go inside . the house be empty . it 's a solid old place but badly in need of renovation . Lucy be already here . they walk through the echoing room . ( continued ) 104 . continued : lucy what do you think ? morgan this be what I give up lunch for ? lucy I know it need work . morgan it need a hell of a lot of work . lucy I find a architect who specialize in renovation . I make a appointment for tomorrow . he look at she . morgan ambush . she smile . lucy we can not stay in my apartment . it 's be almost a year . I want to keep move forward . he nod . CUT to : int . henry's apartment Julian come home . Henry , wear a coat and tie , be slump on the couch . he look discourage . vanessa consol he . julian how would it go today ? henry no one 's hire . or at least no one 's hire I . vanessa give it some time . henry I have . ( continued ) 105 . continued : julian hey . as soon as I graduate we start the firm . remember ? visionary Vanguards ? Henry nod , deject . int . julian 's room - night very late . Julian be bent over he draw board , work intently . Henry pass the open doorway . he look in . henry all-nighter ? Julian look up , self - conscious . julian oh. no . this be just ... my own thing . Henry move to look at Julian 's work . Julian try to hide it . henry let I see . julian it 's nothing . henry come on . Julian relent . on he sketch it be the lake house -- but re-imagine . there 's a deck run along the back , and stair curving down to the water --t he stair Julian describe to Lucy . there be tree plant along the jetty , and light glow in the tree . the house be just as strike as before , but much less stark , much warmer , romantic . back to scene henry ( beat ) I like it . ( continued ) 106 . continued : julian you do ? henry yeah . julian I do not think you would approve . henry the old house be a place you go to be alone . this one , you bring somebody to . Julian nod . Henry look at he . henry ( quietly ) who be she ? on julian beat . julian Lucy . her name be Lucy . back to scene henry when you be live there ? Julian nod . henry I know it . what happen ? julian I lose she . henry how ? julian it 's hard to explain . mostly it be ... bad timing . henry you miss she ? Julian can only nod . beat . ( continued ) 107 . continued : henry get she back . julian it 's too late . or too early ... henry what ? julian nothing . ( shake he head ) I do not even know where she be . even if I do , I can not just walk up to she and say , ' hey , here I be , let 's pick up where we leave off . 's henry what have you get to lose ? on julian doubtful . CUT to : int . lucy apartment - night Morgan bury under pile of work . Lucy click through channel on the tv . she come across a station show the grant / bergman kiss from notorious . she hold on it . morgan hey , could you turn that down a little , babe ? Lucy click off the tv , annoyed , and go into the bedroom . int . bedroom - continuous action as she walk in , the floorboard squeak . she stop , then test it with she toe . it squeak again . she bend down to examine it and find that it lift up quite easily . Lucy pull the floorboard back . to she surprise , there 's a space underneath . she reach down into it . ( continued ) 108 . continued : she pull out a package wrap tight in dusty plastic . she open it . it be she copy of persuasion . one page be mark by a rose , now dry and withere by time . she open to the page . a sentence be underline . " there could have be no two heart so open , no taste so similar , no feeling so in unison . " she stare at it , she breath catch in she throat . dissolve to : ext . architecture firm - day a overcast winter day . Lucy wait in the cold outside a convert loft building . Morgan arrive and they go in together . as they do , they pass a sign with a logo that consist of two intertwined v's . int . architecture firm - day Lucy and Morgan wait in a loft space . the office look sort of makeshift . Morgan look around . lucy it 's a new firm . morgan I be sure they be very good . lucy while we be wait . she hand he a card . lucy happy Valentine 's . morgan lu. thanks . oh God , I do not get you anything -- I have be so swamp ... lucy it do not matter . a receptionist approach they . ( continued ) 109 . continued : receptionist Doctor Forster ? they be ready for you . they follow she back to a conference area . CUT to : ext . henry's apartment - morning Henry and Julian come out in they winter coat . Henry 's dress for another job interview , Julian go to school . as they emerge out onto the street they realize it be surprisingly warm . henry hey . julian what be this ? henry ( shrug ) Global warming . CUT to : int . architecture firm Lucy and Morgan wait in the conference area . the door open and a architect come in . henry -- now two year older , professional . henry hi. Henry ferris . sorry to keep you wait . I be sort of the number two man here . the boss ' 1ll be here any second . Lucy and Morgan nod . then after a moment the door open again . they look up . vanessa enter -- now sleekly dress , confident , assertive . vanessa Dr. Forster ? hi , we speak on the phone . vanessa vanderbeck . welcome to vanderbeck and associate . same scene - later they examine sketches for the remodeling . Morgan look unhappy . henry so that 's basically what we be picture . morgan it 's kind of ... out there , be not it ? vanessa this be the direction Lucy say she be look for . lucy I love it . I think it 's great . Morgan glare at she . she shoot a look back . CUT to : ext . chicago STREET - day Julian and Henry open they coat as they walk in the warm weather . julian you want to grab a beer after you interview later ? henry can not . take vanessa out for Valentine 's . Julian keep go for a few more step . then he stop . julian what ? henry what ? she 's my girlfriend . be that strange ? Julian look around . the warm day . people on the street enjoy the sunshine . Julian turn back to Henry , a strange look on he face . julian what be the date ? ( continued ) continued : henry Valentine 's Day . it 's February 14 , what do you mean ? julian February 14 . 2004 . henry yes . what be the matter with you ? julian ( slowly ) she tell I about today . henry who ? you mean the girl ? julian yes ! there 's a letter that say where she 's gonna be . henry she write to you ? julian yeah . I could see she today . you say it last night -- what have I get to lose ? henry what be you wait for ? julian I have just get to find the letter ! Julian run back to the house . CUT to : int . architecture firm - day they meeting conclude , Lucy and Morgan shake hand with vanessa and Henry . vanessa well , terrific . we will draw up some preliminary blueprint and go from there . lucy great . ( continued ) continued : vanessa Henry , can you make sure they have everything they need from we ? henry yes , of course . vanessa good . we will be in touch . she exit . Henry walk Lucy and Morgan out . henry so , how long have you live in Chicago ? lucy well , I have be here about two year ... as they walk , they pass a series of frame picture on the wall . we see several of Henry 's old escher print ... and then , finally , something else . it be julian' lake house drawing . Lucy do not notice it . CUT to : int . julian be room Julian rummages madly through he thing . he can not find Lucy 's letter anywhere . then he remember where they be . he run from the room . the lake house drawing flutter to the floor in he wake . CUT to : int . architecture office Lucy and Morgan pull they coat on , prepare to leave . Lucy suddenly freeze . she be stare across the loft . she have notice the Lake House drawing . she slowly cross the room until she 's stand in front of it . she stay there , absolutely rivete , not speak . morgan lu ? Henry be nearby talk to a co-worker . ( continued ) continued : lucy ( softly ) what be this ? Henry look over . he clear he throat . henry this ? uh , this be do by a friend of mine . lucy who ? henry Julian burnham . lucy Julian ... henry yes. ( off she look ) do you ... do you know he ? lucy yes . he -- where be he ? do you know how I could get in touch with he ? Henry look stricken . beat . henry I be sorry . you do not know ? lucy what ? henry he die . two year ago . on lucy beat . back to scene henry ( realize ) two year ago today , actually , there be a accident ... Lucy try to take this in . ( continued ) 114 . continued : lucy ( whisper ) where ? ext . STREET - day it have begin to rain . Lucy run out _of the firm and to she car . Morgan be behind she , bewilder , try to keep up . morgan Lucy ! wait ! what 's go on ? lucy it 's a emergency . morgan be you go to the hospital ? she look at he . she touch he face , gently . lucy no ... I be sorry . she kiss he , quickly , upset , then jump to she car and race away . Morgan watch she go . CUT to : int . truck - day Julian drive North out of the city . Bright sun . he 's eager , excited . he accelerate , pass traffic . CUT to : int . lucy car - day Lucy drive North out of the city , frantic , rain pounding onto she windshield . she weave in and out of lane , pass car , drive recklessly , as fast as she can . CUT to : ext . lake house - day Julian pull up outside the Lake House . it 's shut , empty . he run across the jetty and unlock the front door . CUT to : ext . lake house - day Lucy arrive at the House and skid to a stop in the rain in front of the mailbox . she pull out a pad and begin write , desperately . CUT to : int . lake house - attic Julian run up to the attic . Inside be the single box he store there when he move out . he tear the box open and rummages through it . he locate the bundle of Lucy 's letter . he shuffles through they and find the one he 's look for . he read it . close - the letter Lucy 's write : " last february -- I remember it be valentine's day , but it be really warm -- I be having lunch at buckingham fountain ... '' back to scene julian Buckingham Fountain . CUT to : ext . lake house - morning Lucy finish the note and jump out of the car . she shove it into the mailbox and raise the flag . she stand there , clutching the box , the rain soaking she . CUT to : ext . lake house Julian jump into he truck . he pull away quickly from the Lake House . he pass the mailbox . the flag be up . we can see the raise flag in he rearview mirror ... and we --- dissolve to : ext . grant park - day find Lucy finish she lunch in the lakefront park , not far from Buckingham Fountain , on this unusually warm day -- February 14 , 2004 . she squint into the sunlight gleam off the Lake . a pair of old men on the next bench over . old man # 1 what 's with the damn weather ? 60 degree on Valentine 's Day ! old man # 2 it 's global warming . the fountain send up a huge plume of water . she begin walk toward it . ext . lake shore drive Julian can see the fountain from inside he truck . he drive down Lake shore drive , look for a parking space . he eventually find one and jump out . he begin jogging toward the park . and we hear -- lucy ( v.0 . ) dear Julian . I know now -- it be you at the Fountain that day . it be you in the park . please do not go . something terrible happen if you do . Julian continue jogging toward the Fountain . he stop . there be two lane of heavy traffic in front of he . he search in the distance , look for Lucy beyond the whizzing traffic , among the crowd in the park . lucy ( v.0 . ) please do not look for I . he finally spot she -- a distant figure , walk on the other side of the fountain . he smile . lucy ( v.0 . ) do not try to find I . we see the two of they , no longer separate by time , only by distance . ( continued ) continued : lucy ( v.0 . ) do not run to I . a break in the traffic . Julian have a clear view of Lucy straight ahead of he . lucy ( v.0 . ) do you understand ? please . you have to wait . Julian step off the curb . a bus turn off Lake shore drive be head right for he . lucy ( v.0 . ) forget everything I say before . we both have to wait . the driver see Julian and crush he foot onto the brake . lucy ( v.0 . ) if you love I -- and I love you , I do , it have take I all this time to say it but I do love you - - wait for I . on lucy alarm , turn as she hear the squeal of the bus ' brake . lucy ( v.0 . ) wait with I . wait until time catch up with both of we and we can be together . please . just ... wait . back to scene the bus be bear down fast on Julian , who be stare straight ahead at Lucy . lucy ( v.0 . ) wait ... CUT to : Lucy 1s soak , dissolve in tear at the base of the mailbox . lucy wait . wait ... she weep . a long , bitter moment . the rain continue to pound down . finally she stop , have give up hope , and try to collect herself . she start , very slowly , to get to she foot . on the mailbox its flag be down . back to scene Lucy be stunne . she very slowly reach up and pull open the mailbox door . she almost can not bear to look inside . her letter be go . CUT to ; ext . grant park - day Julian be stand in the road , strain to see Lucy . the bus be right on top of he . at the last second he step back onto the curb , safe . on lucy as she watch the bus proceed without incident down the road . except for the fact that the squealing sound have stop , it have no significance for she , and she turn back to continue she walk . back to julian as the bus pass harmlessly in front of he . move down . his hand be at he side , clutching Lucy 's letter . ( continued ) continued : he look at she write . the word " wait , wait . " he look into the distance as ... across the park Lucy check she watch . her lunch break be over . she pause for one last glance at the shimmer Lake , the sun soak park , then turn and head quickly back toward downtown . Julian want , desperately , to step off the curb again and run to she . but he do not . he fold the letter . he put it in he pocket and slowly , with great difficulty , turn and walk away . CUT to : ext . lake house Lucy stare into the empty mailbox , she face soak by tear and rain . a hand reach from behind she and gently close the box . she slowly turn . Julian be two year older but mostly unchange . he stand quietly , look at she , hold the now - wear letter she just post . they just look at each other for a moment . then he take a step towards she . he smile , shyly . julian have we wait long enough ? she just stare at he for a moment , try to convince herself this be real . lucy ( whisper ) yes . then they fall into each other 's arm . when the kiss finally end , he take she hand . they turn . Lucy gasp . angle on the lake house it have be transformed . in the two year that have pass in Julian 's life -- the life she save -- he have transformed it . it 's now he draw come to life -- the warmer , romantic house with the deck , and the stair to the water that they talk about , and the tree plant along the jetty , light and glow in the rain . she laugh , astonished . he smile . they take hand and kiss again . then they walk slowly across the jetty and toward the house together . fade out . the end