the limey by lem dobb draft 08/03/98 note : the hard copy of this script contained scene number . they have be removed from this soft copy . Wilson 's first impression of Los Angeles be blue . he be in the sky at the time , so it be a curious reversal , look down rather than up at the color he have always feel be nature 's finest . swim pool . hundred of they . pockmark the landscape like miniature lake . a flat landscape of straight street and square block and sparse grass that do not look quite green enough . as far as Wilson could remember , he have only ever see seven or eight swim pool in he entire life and they have be public one . here everyone have they own . marvellous . there be the one at the butlin 's holiday camp where he have enjoy he last legitimate employment -- as driver of a tour bus . and there be the one at Crystal Palace he have go to once or twice when he be young . he be most familiar , though , with the chelsea bath as he have live for some time in a flat nearby in what he now think of as he good year -- before he would go grey , go to prison , and find himself in a plane over a foreign town arrive to avenge the death of he daughter . whoosh ! the sound of automatic door open and -- ext . arrival terminal . L.A. airport . afternoon . wilson step out into the late sunlight and the heat of the day . a slow-motion moment while he get acclimatize . he would not have ever feel quite this kind of heat before . after such a rigorously air-condition interior . or see cop wear gun on they belt . or black cop , for that matter , with gun on they belt . or see people as fat as Americans on they home turf . thing someone from England notice immediately , whether consciously at first or not . CUT . ext . motel . evening . Wilson 's not here for comfort . shown to a shitty room , round the corner of a typical 2 no - level outside walkway . Airport close by . int . motel room . evening . he draw a curtain open across a window in one strong easy glide . his move be neat . his expression just as economical , not give much away . outside the plane be practically on top of we . the sunset color strange and chemical . he 's only get one light bag . unzip , unpack a few thing . Change of clothes , a travel kit , and some familiar item ( shave foam / toothpaste / deodorant} bear unfamiliar british brand name . go into the bathroom . turn on the shower in there . come back to sit on the bed . take a envelope out of he jacket . envelope turn it over to see the return address on the back . CUT . int . taxi . night . Wilson in the back . stare at the impenetrable name on the driver 's post id . glance at the driver . driver glance back at he quiet passenger in the rearview mirror . CUT . ext . SMALL house . night . Wilson walk up a crack little path to the front door . lower middle - class street . two car in the driveway , one behind the other . light on inside the house -- as he ring the bell . ed rama answer it . Hispanic . late 30' . Chairman mao on he T - shirt notwithstand , a easygoing sort of fellow . not look for any trouble -- anymore . but once do , and able to handle himself if any show up . which it have . wilson Edward rama ? ed eduardo. ( roll the R ) rama . wilson you be home , then . he turn , wave away the taxi he 's keep wait . while eduardo rama wait for a introduction . wilson my name 's Wilson . accent speak for itself . hard , work - class . ed Wilson ? know the name . but just now it 's unexpected . he 's hold a hot tv dinner , hand protect by a dish towel . wilson you write to I about my daughter . CUT . int . ed' house . night . Ed take Wilson inside . ed I do not expect anyone . wilson no reason . ed I mean , what have it be -- six month ? wilson round about , yeah . they have enter a cauldron of family life . tv blaring ( showbiz tonight ! ) . a couple of young kide yell " mama " . they mother shouting back at they from the kitchen ( in Spanish ) that she only have two hand . a sullen teenager walk by . ed I do not even know who I be write to -- just someone with the same last name . she never talk about any family . wilson it be better than a telegram . Ed open a screen door to the backyard . ext . ed' backyard . night . they sit at a outdoor table . Wilson with a tv dinner in front of he now too . sound from inside mute . even this little house have a little pool . wilson who do it , then ? ed huh ? wilson snuffed she . Ed surprised at Wilson 's directness . Ed stand nervously . ed now , wait up a second , man . and pace back and forth . ed I never say nothin ' about nothin ' like that . no , no , no . that 's not what I write to you . wilson no , but between the line , eh ? mysterious circumstance , and that . Ed stop pace . ed look , I send you that newspaper clipping , all right ? I tell you what I know . it be a accident . I do not say anything about anybody be " snuffed . " beat . wilson this bloke she be bunk up with . this Terry what 'sit . ed Terry Valentine . wilson Valentine . what 's he get to say for himself ? ed I dunno . what 's he gonna say ? they have a fight that night , she drive away , she be upset ? I do not even know the guy . do not get I wrong , Jenny and I be friend , but we do not travel in the same social circle . she have she life , I have mine . make a kind of scoffing gesture : and you can see what my life be . ed Valentine come into the restaurant where I work with Jenny a couple time . he 's a money guy . Jenny would say , hey , here 's my friend Eddie and he would shake my hand and everything , but he would not even see I , you know what I mean . Wilson gaze up at the sky . clear night . star . wilson how long have she be in the States ? ( as if to himself , somewhat wistful ) near on ten year , be not it ? Long enough to know she way about , I reckon . Ed lean down , palm on the tabletop , face Wilson . ed there be a investigation , okay ? the car be totalled . Jennifer be ... her neck be break . on impact , they say . so she would not have ... feel the effect of the fire . ( helpless shrug ) it happen up there . happens a lot . what more can I tell you . Wilson tap out a cigarette from a pack of " silk cut " he 's produce from he pocket . wilson what more be there . ed I be just sayin ' -- it be a steep hillside . there be no moon that night ... Wilson 's quiet stillness be get to he . ed coulda happen to anyone , man . I never know she to be reckless . I mean , sure , she would smoke a little grass , or something , have a few drink . but that 's it , nothing more than that . wilson no , not my girl . self -control , she have . Point of pride . ( smoke ) and people do not change , do they . ed I dunno ... maybe they do . Wilson note the tattoo on Ed 's forearm . wilson go straight , be ya . Ed look at he . sit down again . keeping he forearm under the table . ed ( look away ) boomerang . wilson y'what ? ed I know when I be droppin ' that letter into the mail slot it be gonna come back and smack I in the face . ( look at Wilson again ) I do my time , okay ? my sister , she ol ' man 's up in chino right now doin ' eight year . wilson ( be the family inside ) this be not you lot ? ed you kiddin ' , man ? I do not need a wife and screamin ' kid . I still get my youth . and yet -- he life here . Wilson decline to pursue the matter . ed I go to work , try to keep my life together , put all that shit behind I , man . what d' you want from I . wilson ( calmly smoking ) I only ask . Ed sigh . reaches for one of Wilson 's cigarettes . ed couple week before she die , Jennifer ask I to drive she downtown . Said she be meeting -- she boyfriend -- Valentine . but I think she be look for he . < i>flash cut : ed and jennifer . in a car , downtown . she have the same steely intensity as she father . Ed look a little worried . </ i> wilson ( lighting Ed 's cigarette ) what , tryin ' to catch he with another bird ? ed that 's what I think , man . but it be not a hotel or nothin ' that we go to . it be someplace else . wilson where about ? < i>flash cut : jennifer . talk to a beefy supervisor . or talk at he . either way , he be not happy . meat puppet . watch instead of work . ed . take all this in . </ i> ed bad place , man . bad people . some guy load some truck . some kinda deal goin ' down . ( anticipate Wilson 's next question ) I do not know and I do not care . maybe they be shipping fava bean to eskimos . wilson do Jenny know ? ed ( shrug ) Valentine be not even there . if he be into something , if she be involved -- who can say . ( stand up again ) but I will tell you something . she stand in front of this dude , man . eyeball they . check they out . ( beat ) I feel like she be cover my ass that day . unconsciously rub he arm where he tattoo be . ed I drive she back to Valentine 's house . < i>flash CUT : valentine . stand in front of he house . his expression say : we have something to discuss . </ i> ed he be stand outside wait for she . that 's the only other time I ever see he . ( a short sad note ) last time I see she . he meet Wilson 's gaze . as hard and point as a drill through he skull . CUT . int . ed' car . night . Ed drive Wilson back to he motel . Wilson silent . Ed still not quite sure who he 's deal with . be this really or merely a grieve dad ? ed what you gonna do , man ? you gonna go to the cop ? wilson Nah , copper do not do nothing , do they . ed that street up in the hill , man . gotta be real careful , keep you eye on the ball . two o'clock in the morning , it 's dark , you mind be all agitate , you be drivin ' a little too fast ... ( beat ) that curve do not kid around . could be talk about the girl . Wilson do not move . but touch he , he will explode . out the window light be pass , but no landmark . he might as well be on the moon . ed you should talk to Elaine . that be she best friend . wilson she do not write to I , do she . ed she do not know what to say . ( shrug ) I think someone should say something . to someone . with I it be , I do not know -- Jenny like I for some reason . I feel like I owed she . wilson who would Jenny get it off of -- this grass or whatever ? ed ( self -conscious again ) not I , man . I be no drug dealer , what you think . wilson ( be Ed 's tattoo ) I think you do not get that lot in the navy , do you National service . ed I already tell you , man . corcoran . know what that be ? State prison . wilson Nick 's a nick , and it ? no matter what state you be in . State of remorse , most likely -- for gettin ' catch . ed but that 's not I anymore . that 's when I be into the gang lifestyle . that 's not who I be now . five year in the joint -- that 's it for I , man . now Wilson drop the clanger . wilson just get out meself , do not I . and Ed turn . look at Wilson . fellow ex-con. CUT . ext . wilson's motel . night . Wilson out of the car , shut the passenger door . Ed on the other side , look over the roof at he . ed go home , man . ( plane take off in background ) get on a plane . Wilson have other plan . wilson I will be need a shooter . make he finger like a gun . and a click sound . ed ( come quickly over ) you be kiddin ' I , right ? wilson what do I do , then , look in the bleedin' yellow page ? ed ( a urgent whisper ) this be not guy you can just go run a number on , man . wilson ( look around ) think perhaps there would be dispense machine , you know . bung in you coin , come out with a .44 Magnum , fully - load . Ed throw up he hand , walk back to he driver 's side door . ed be you a resident of California ? you gonna fill out form , man ? do the background check ? go through a three - day wait period ? wilson sod that . gotta get back before my probation officer wonder where I have skive off to . ed probation ? man , you crazy . they should not have let you outta you country , much less prison . wilson travel on a dodgy passport , and all . walk round to come face to face with Ed once more . wilson which be why I think , save some time , get what I need under the table , like . ed as if resign and mull the problem over : ed under the table ? CUT . int . gun show . day . hundred of table . under bright light . display every kind of firearm . handguns , rifle , shotgun , part to make machine gun . a weapon bazaar . wilson and ed walk around . even a cool customer like Wilson can not help but be impressed by America 's loving embrace of senseless mayhem . dealer tout they ware . visitors try out pistol grip -- or push baby carriage . guy in fatigue jacket with toddler on they shoulder . woman in stretch pants look for a little something in personal protection . wilson do not know where to look . at the booth feature " classic cowboy colleclecle " -- or the most obese couple he 's ever see who just walk by . PA system attention : the long-range vermin- shoot panel be due to commence in two minute in the blue room at the rear of the Convention Center . ... and other anomalous oddball announcement in the background as long as we be here . demonstration at a booth sell laser attachment . beam salesman beamsight ii be easily mountable on any shotgun , rifle , or sidearm and will project a small , bright red dot directly onto the point where you weapon be aim ... for purpose of display , a smile young woman be the " target . " wilson walk past , almost subliminally note the Young woman with the symbol of death on she . table a .45 pass from a dealer 's hand to wilson' . dealer man know what he like . ed ( he will talk if Wilson will not ) lookin ' good . dealer ( while Wilson check ) that 's a high - end item . total reliability . ed what would you call that -- the protector ? dealer yes , sir . wo not find a better cqc on the market . Wilson 's eye glance up -- but Ed ask the question . ed cq what ? dealer Close quarter combat . keep one in my own home . wilson trouble be , I be not at home , see . fancied a bit of target shoot , y'know , while I be here -- with I mate . nod at Ed . dealer oh really ? where you from ? wilson England . ( sighting the weapon ) only , we see there be a show on , think I might pick something up for a price , type of thing . dealer you come to the right place , sir . my wife 's second cousin be English . well , scotch - irish . can I interest you in a holster ? wilson just luck , this , really . never be to one of this before . dealer you be in gun country now , my friend . wilson ( pick up another , check it out ) be to the Boat show . dealer ( be Wilson 's new selection ) pack a punch , but it 's compact , have accessible feature -- make a nice conceal - carry piece . ed ( play the reluctant buyer ) he do not have a conceal weapon permit . wilson do not have time for a lot of paperwork , y'know . just pop over on a quick visit . dealer I can take care of the paperwork . wilson yeah ? dealer no problem . if you do not have a problem with I report this gun steal . a look of understanding between they . wilson no . not at all . ( to Ed ) do we ? ed not I , man . wilson I mean , it 's already a steal , n'it -- what you say -- four hundred for this one ? dealer well , I will have to add another two hundred on top of that . wilson oh , aye ? dealer ( another look ) ... for the paperwork . CUT . int . ed' car . day . Ed drive . nervous at Wilson handle he new gun purchase beside he . wilson violation of my parole , this . ( a perfect pause ) -- goin ' abroad . Ed shake he head at Wilson 's sense of humor . ed you hadda show up on a weekend . this weekend . would not have even be a gun show ... for another month . wilson Fucking out of order , that . should not be allow . as he put away a box of ammo . ed now what . you gonna take you new arsenal , go visit Terry Valentine , just like that ? boom bam boom . wilson it 's only insurance . can not be too careful . this Terry Valentine , he 's probably a wonderful fella . they be together how long ? ed five year , I think . Long time . wilson well , there you be . Jen must have like he . do not make Ed feel any better . nor do the way Wilson seem now to be study Ed 's drive technique . pay attention to the way traffic light and left-turn lane and car without clutches work over here . ed ( remember ) Jenny tell I she meet he at the beach . get blind by he smile . ( beat ) you believe that shit ? Son of a bitch never smile at I . buried she at a " private " service . private for who . him ? wilson ( confuse ) hang about . I think you say he come into the restaurant where you work with Jenny . ed he come in with Jenny to the restaurant where I work . that 's not where they meet . wilson and that 's where you meet Jenny . ed no , no -- Jenny use to work as a waitress . before she meet he . but that 's not where she meet I . not in my restaurant . wilson how would the two of you hook up , then ? ed oh , Jenny be in my act class . CUT . int . rental car . day . Wilson at the wheel himself . get the hang of L.A. driving downtown . along one of the major boulevard . glance at a street sign as he go by . pick up the map book on the seat beside he to check he route . ext . boulevard . day . Wilson make a sudden lane change to avoid get feed in the wrong direction . get honked by another driver . ext . a STREET downtown . day . Wilson cruise past a particular building . we do not have to really clearly see it just yet ( we see it in the flash cut ) -- more important we see he see it . case it with the eye of a professional . sniff it out ; the instinct of a predator after prey . int . car . day . Parks it . produce the little leather travel kit we see he unpack at he motel . unzip it . under the usual assortment of clipper , razor , etc. , be a hide layer -- store still more personalize item : a set of select slim lockpick / cut tool . ext . side STREET . day . Wilson lock the car . walk away . stay with he . around the corner he walk down the block . a nice long walk . what we get out of it besides a sense of Wilson -- cool cat ; amble along ; loner ; sun beat down ; not bother ; he shadow double he -- be this : the building approach . the one he have he eye on . the target . it 's across the street . a kind of flat windowless warehouse with adjoin load yard . load yard surround by a chain - link fence -- top with barb wire . the actual geography of where he leave he car in relation to this building . safely around the corner . and how he might practically get back to it , either this same way or via a more circuitous route round another block . the sense you get in downtown L.A. on a lazy Saturday afternoon that you be in a ghost town . particularly in this shabby kind of industrial section . ext . the build . Wilson cross over to it now . from sunny to shade . walk past the chain - link fence . the padlock gate , big enough to accommodate the ( couple of ) truck park within the compound . walk past the close security door which would appear to be the building 's main entrance . round the next corner -- sees there 's a steel back door as well . come around this block again . look surreptitiously around now . street here utterly desert . not even a pass car . crappy residential building on a opposite corner , spanish music blaring from one of the open window , but not with a direct view on the load yard fence on this side . Wilson near it now -- take something out of he pocket . one of the mysterious metallic tool from he travel kit . snap he wrist , unfold the tool with a crack . Wire cutter . he do not go for the gate , the padlock , like we might have think . he suddenly drop to one knee , in shadow where the fence meet the adjoin building . SNAP , SNAP , SNAP , SNAP , SNAP -- so quick , with great dexterity , though he face grimace with the strength he have to exert with each application of pressure -- he cut just as many link as he know he need to push in a little flap of fence and roll under . Whole thing accomplish in second . loading yard walk fast to the cover of the truck . pass . look around . cement load dock and bay . shutter door . he jump up to one , put he ear to the metal . listen awhile . wilson scan the wall for any sign of a alarm box or anything . then cock a ear upwards ... camera craning up to show we what he hear : a air-condition unit humming away . which mean someone must be inside . Wilson look back at he entry option . not the load door -- but a conventional door at one end , with a conventional lock he eye zeroe in on . get out he tool , go over . int . warehouse hallway . a scratching at the door . it open . he 's in . wait . cautious . nothing . he start along the hallway . int . warehouse . a supervisor ( the one from the flash cut ) do a double take as Wilson pass . supervisor hey ! Wilson stop and turn . say nothing . supervisor how would you get in here . wilson walk . supervisor you walk . ( come over ) what the hell be you do here . wilson look for a bloke name Valentine . know he ? meat puppet ( who we see before as well ) who work here gather . the supervisor and the meat puppet exchange glance . supervisor he 's expect you ? wilson ( beat ) I doubt it . the supervisor move toward Wilson . supervisor so why would he want to see you . wilson I have a message for he . about Jennifer Wilson . supervisor Jennifer Wilson . more look be exchange . wilson you know she ? supervisor yeah . I know she , all right . she come down here once , stir up a shitstorm . we lose a full day 's work , take I week to get back on schedule . if she have not a ' be Terry 's woman I would have break she jaw . ' course , she 's nobody 's problem now . Wilson stare at he . wilson be Valentine here ? supervisor what do you think ? Wilson look at the meat puppet , the load area . wilson where be he , then ? supervisor listen , get the fuck out of here before you get hurt . who the fuck do you think you be , waltzing in here , ask question ? Wilson just look at he . supervisor do you hear I , asshole ? the supervisor shove he . the meat puppet move a little in anticipation . Wilson be not give any indication that he 's go to leave . supervisor Jesus , you really want you ass kick , do not you ? he push Wilson again , hard . supervisor go on , get outta here . he push Wilson again . still , Wilson will not leave . supervisor fuckin ' nut . go on . this time he try to slap Wilson . Wilson block the supervisor 's hand and then punch he , hard . the supervisor stumble back and fall to the floor . the meat puppet move to Wilson . he try to fend they off , but there be too many . they beat he . when they find that he 's armed , they beat he harder . CUT . ext . build . day . Wilson be take outside and dumped . after a moment , he get to he foot . dusting himself . reaches for another gun tuck in he lower back . he re-enter the building . a beat . we hear several shot . second later , one of the meat puppet come stumbling out of the door , terrify . he run past we , fast . a moment later , Wilson emerge , gun in hand . wilson you tell he . you tell he I be come !! CUT . int . / ext . valentine's house . dusk . a series of image that prove Valentine ( whoever he be ) have taste , wealth , and influence , stretch back a good three decade at least . walk through some of this shot be a young beauty in a bathing suit name adhara . she advance slowly , not entirely sure of herself , and stop to look at thing just like we do . at one point she look to see a beefy guy ( gordon ) sit at the kitchen counter , flipping through a magazine . he look she up and down , more from reflex than anything . she continue on . eventually she emerge through slide glass door and on to a patio . her Pov a figure by the pool , talk on the phone . his back to we . the pool be spectacular , mosaic tile bottome . adhara approach , then sit beside he . his voice be soothing , but with the tiniest hint of exasperation that come with be slightly ahead of everyone . valentine ( into phone ) not before . not before . think about it . what do it mean ? what -- no , I be not . think . yes. see ? you figure it out all by yourself . I know . be we do ? okay . he hang up , stand , still do not turn . valentine adhara . I tell you father , if you be look for a name , you can not go wrong with a constellation . adhara I use to hate it . now I like it . valentine could be worse , he could have name you reticulum . he turn and we see he for the first time . valentine Polished . handsome . charismatic . especially when he 's smile like he be now . he lean over and kiss she . valentine be there anything in the world that you want or need ? adhara I want to know why you need that scary guy in you house . valentine Gordon ? he 's be with I for year . he 's not as tough as he look . adhara then what good be he ? valentine be it possible that you be too young to be acquainted with the idea of loyalty ? adhara be that a problem ? valentine not for you , clearly . adhara I be loyal to thing that make I happy . valentine be I a thing ? adhara well , you be certainly not a person . valentine I be not . adhara no . you be not specific enough to be a person . you be more like a vibe . valentine I be so glad we be have this chat . adhara it 's not a knock . valentine it 's not a compliment . adhara it 's a observation . like : I be hungry . when be we eat ? valentine as soon as you get dress . adhara what kind of food ? valentine anything but japanese . adhara why ? valentine I be not into finger food . too fussy . adhara like you . valentine I do not like do - it- yourself cuisine . buffet . salad bar . adhara you demand to be serve . a fork fetishist . valentine it 's just fuel to I . I be not there for distraction . adhara for some , eat be a sensual experience . the sensual experience . valentine that 's what Gordon 's always say . adhara oh , god . his cell phone ring . valentine ( into phone ) yes . he listen , then look up at he balcony , where a man ( avery ) stand hold a phone , obviously talk to Valentine . valentine ( into phone ) I will be there as soon as I can . he hang up . valentine ( cont would ) we can leave as soon as you be ready . adhara okay . ext . balcony . evening . Valentine approach avery . valentine what . avery there 's be some trouble downtown . valentine what kind ? avery what the papers use to call a " gangland slay . " valentine we black friend ? avery no , Terry . they do not work like that . Jenny Wilson 's father pay a little visit , leave a message . valentine I think he be in prison , in England . avery well , either they have a very liberal work - release program , or he 's out , because he 's here in L.A. , look for you . Valentine be a little ruffle . maybe avery like that . valentine what do we do ? beat . avery we wait , and we watch . Valentine just look at he . ext . valentine's house . poolside . evening . adhara approach Valentine , who stand stare at the pool . adhara italian ? valentine I be sorry . adhara italian . valentine who ? adhara not who , food . should we get italian . valentine sure . turn to she . valentine ( cont would ) yes . be you ready ? adhara as long as I do not have to pass Gordon again . I be never ready for that . he smile , rise , and offer she he hand . valentine no . I know another way out . she take it . CUT . ext . apartment build . evening . elaine on she way in . handsome woman . intelligent , capable - look . pass Wilson who 's lean somewhere smoking . elaine aware as a wary woman will be of a strange man 's presence without necessarily have look at he . well aware too that he stay where he be -- so she unworriedly unlock the building 's security gate and go through to the inner -- courtyard -- and close the gate behind she , now see he amble up , arrive as it click shut between they . he 's look at she a certain way . she look back . and know . elaine you be Jenny 's father . and the recognition on he part : wilson have a feel it be you . elaine you look alike . wilson ( cigarette in hand ) perhaps it be the smoke . elaine not she brand . wilson she use to pinch them off I . ( try to defuse Elaine 's cold stare ) funny that . one thing she never try to get I to stop . Elaine do not soften . elaine why do you come here ? wilson want to talk to you , do not I ? elaine no , why do you come here ? America . wilson sort a few thing out . elaine be busy , have you . wilson how d' you mean ? elaine it 's be a while . wilson I be skint -- do not have no money to get here . elaine that 's not what I hear . wilson what be that , then ? elaine I hear you be -- what 's that adorable phrase ? -- " at her majesty 's pleasure . " wilson it be the bar , then . indicating he face , view by Elaine through the bar security gate that divide they . elaine in any case , I do not suppose the salary you make sewing mailbag be really commensurate with international airline travel . wilson sewing mailbag ? me? never do a honest day 's work in my life , dear . be not about to start when I be in stir -- not with all that leisure time on my hand . elaine and not with all that bury loot you have wait for you when you get out . from the wembley staduim job , be not it ? pink floyd concert receipt . Jenny would have be ... fourteen at the time ? wilson ( try to conceal he surprise ) hardly bury . earning interest , love . earning interest in a offshore account . tidy little premium per annum , that . elaine well , that kind of security can not be buy . must be more comforting than a daughter to greet you . she turn to walk away . wilson here , be not you gonna let I in . elaine ( without look back ) try call I again . int . elaine's apartment . evening . she come in . a modest studio apartment . put she bag on the kitchenette countertop . glance at she answer machine to see if she have any message . the phone ring . she sit down glumly on she couch , hold she head in she hand . ext . elaine's apartment build . evening . Wilson give up , start to walk away . the gate buzy . int . elaine's apartment . evening . Elaine open the door . Wilson in the hall . elaine I be just go to toss some vegetable roll in the microwave , open a can of diet soda . ( beat ) want to take I out ? CUT . int . restaurant . night . Wilson and Elaine at a table . wilson ... no , I go in for more improve pastime . philosophy class , language course , european history , all that lark . do you know that in Paris in the eighteenth century there be more rat in people 's house than there be people in people 's house . elaine sound like beverly Hills . wilson here , be you always this sarky ? elaine sarcastic , moi ? maybe I will mellow when my ship come in . it 's expect any day now . I be all pack and ready to go . wilson be not you on a television series ? elaine ( have he see it ? ) if it play in England somebody owe I money . who tell you that -- Eddie ? wilson ( yes ) Said it go on for donkey 's year . elaine Three season . they find that 's the limit of human tolerance when it come to follow the adventure of a family of Mormons on the chisum Trail . ( blink coquettishly ) I be wife number three -- the ingenue . wilson oh , it just end , then . elaine now who 's be sarcastic ? wilson when you have lose as many year as I have , love , put thing in perspective , know what I mean . elaine I be sorry . I guess the rest of we have no excuse for wonder where the time go . ( raise she drink ) it must have be the bar . they food arrive . elaine it 's a kind of prison , do a series . early to bed , early to rise , no time off for good behavior , you grab the boodle for as long as it last . ( the kicker ) only difference be you can not get arrest afterwards . Wilson appear fascinate by the cold glass of water on the table . Ice cube clinking as he hold he . a busboy bring they to other people , too , just like that , without anyone even ask . wilson I can not believe Jenny tell you all that . about I . she be always so embarrassed . elaine not embarrassed . wilson ( correct ) ashame . elaine not ashamed . Wilson look at she . okay . what then . elaine disappointed . wilson she never tell Eddie , though . elaine she never tell anyone else . ( make light now ) about the convict strain -- or be it stain ? no , I be privileged . I be someone who help Jenny efface she past . wilson how would you manage that , then . elaine when I be not hone my craft in episodic television I do double-duty as a voice coach . not that she accent would have hobble she progress . not with that look . wilson yeah , well , she start all that in London . elaine modell . wilson learnin ' 'ow to speak proper . ( put it on a bit there . then , upper crust : ) Central School of speech and Drama . it 's no doddle gettin ' in there , y'know . at seventeen . they offer she a place at rada and all , only she would have have to wait till the next session and she be always in hurry to get on , be Jenny . she could talk posh without any training , when she be knee-high to a grasshopper . ( indicate himself ) show up the old man , you know . Elaine smile slightly . none of this information new to she . but warming to this man . elaine you be not disappointed in she , then . wilson in Jenny ? ' course not . how could I be . ' course I be not . elaine she be twenty - one when she come to I . ( look at he ) ... straight from leave you . wilson footloose and fancy free . elaine she be happy here . however the two of you might have parte . do not think she be not . it 's because Wilson think the opposite that he 's here . look at Elaine . wilson that 's the trouble , and it . ( hard as nail again ) she enjoy life . CUT . ext . oceanfront . night . they walk along the seafront . we hear the ocean but can not see it . elaine when do you get in ? wilson yesterday . afternoon . elaine ( occur to she ) you have not be lurking outside my building all day . wilson no , I have -- some other matter to attend to , you know . get a car sort ... elaine I might have be away for the weekend . wilson well , I reckone , Saturday night , if you be goin ' out , you would probably have to come home first . elaine and you have see Eddie rama . wilson yeah , see Eddie , yeah . I and he be mucker . mate . Friends . make a kind of bond gesture . elaine I should really give he a call . he 's a character , be not he . well , not to you . I mean to we square in the outside world . wilson he give I you address . elaine I give he yours . Said , here , you want to write , I think this be a relative . I guess I think I be be true to Jenny . who tell I she do not have a father -- before proceeding of course to tell I why . wilson well , do not suppose she do , really , most of she life . on she own after she mum die . aunt and uncle for a time -- and then the bright light beckone . elaine be you still marry at the time -- to Jenny 's mother , I mean ? wilson Nah , we split up when Jenny be six . her second husband do a runner after she get sick . they give I compassionate leave from parkhurst to go visit she in hospital . we be always mate , I and Jenny 's mum . I like to think they be together again now . y'know . heavenly choir . beat . elaine the address Jenny give I , that be not a prison , be it ? wilson Nah , accommodation address . elaine what 's that , like a p.o. box . wilson something like that , yeah . elaine where you get you bank statement . Wilson give a laugh . wilson well , you gotta have something permanent , do n'tcha . even if it 's a hole in the wall . no matter which jug I might be transfer to , I always get someone on the out check up on it for I , see . anything I need to know , come round on visitor 's day -- word in my ear . Elaine pause . elaine some word . Wilson lean on the wall overlook the black ocean . sound of wave gently lap the beach . wilson I already know . knew beforehand . when be it suppose to have happen ? -- two o'clock in the morning , Eddie say . elaine ( watch he ) that 's what be estimate . wilson eight hour difference between here and London . would have be , what , ten in the morning , my time . I be just come out on the yard . now , I be in the habit of save my newspaper till then . bit of fresh air , stretch I leg -- well , stretch the day out , really , that 's what you wanna do . and I will tell ya : I could not open the paper . could not pry the page apart -- it be like they be glue together . that 's how weak my hand go . think I be have heart attack , only I know I be not . bloke come up to I , he say , Dave , he say , you have go all white . I say , fuck I , I have be in prison half my life , what d'ya expect . but he be dead on , ' cause I could feel the blood drain right out of I head . and I know ... ( beat ) something have happen to Jen . they stand here a while . listen to the breaker hit the shore . CUT . int . elaine's apartment . night . they come in . elaine make yourself at home . steal something . that get she a look . elaine there 's nothing I can not afford to lose . she go to make coffee . Wilson look around . elaine do you even know who Terry Valentine be ? wilson well , I gather something from the article what Eddie send I . some sort of pop music producer , be not it . maybe a smile from Elaine at the quaintness of " pop " music . elaine rock and roll , be what we call it . he 's sort of a forget figure now , but back when the West Coast be the grooviest place on earth , Terry Valentine be where all the happening happen . more of a kind of promoter , I guess , whatever that mean . just take that whole Southern California sixty Zeitgeist and run with it . package and sell it . make out like a bandit . < i>flash cut : valentine . at home . watch as adhara undress , either deliberately for he , or just casually . she smile as she notice he 's look . </ i> wilson what 's he do lately . that line pregnant with meaning . Elaine look at he . avoid answer the question actually imply there . elaine ( bring a tray over ) live high off the hog and wait for the next big thing . like I -- but on a grander scale of failure . wilson now , you should not run yourself down . my employer , Mr. lindgren -- elaine -- you employer ? wilson -- Mr. lindgren . elaine who 's Mr. lindgren ? wilson my employer . elaine what line be he in . wilson proprietor of a London firm . of longstand . elaine I see . wilson base in London , but with international concern . elaine I bet . wilson various enterprise , style of thing . elaine I think you say you never do a honest day 's work in you life . wilson well , not to say Mr. lindgren be dishonest , exactly . elaine ( she get the picture ) right . wilson anyhow , he 's always say to I , Dave , never run yourself down , son -- ' cause there will always be plenty of people willing to do it for you . elaine in what capacity be you employ by this Mr. lindgren ? wilson this and that . y'know . Ways and mean . elaine -- when he want someone run down , you be willing to do it for he . they sort of come together -- in mutual understanding -- and sit down . coffee steaming . elaine so what 's the deal . you and Terry Valentine at twenty pace . be that what this be about . wilson why not . elaine be you serious . wilson have you ever know I not to be . Elaine look away : elaine you fuckin ' guy and you dick . wilson what would you want I to do . stay at home , twiddlin ' I thumb . do sweet f.a . [ fuck all ] . elaine you do not believe it be a car accident . wilson what do you think . elaine Terry 's never go to give you satisfaction . not the type . wilson depend , don ' it . elaine on what . what make you so certain . wilson I will bloody well ask he . elaine there 's the phone . you want he number . wilson that look again . wilson I get he number . elaine past caring . elaine I be not go to help you . she go into a bathroom . shut the door behind she . wilson sip coffee . bite into a cookie . CUT . ext . hillside . underbrush . late afternoon . thicket part and we see Wilson scramble up a rather steep hill . come to a ridge where he settles down to look at something o.s. his expression change by degree from curiosity to dawn realization to a kind of frustrated disappointment . int . wilson be car ( on the road below ) . late afternoon . Ed sit in here , radio on . Wilson appear out of the brush , get in . Ed turn the radio down . ed ( mindful of the odd car drive past ) told you you would not be able to see through that gate . wilson Gate 's open . I have a butcher 's at the house . ed ( alarmed ) who would you butcher at the house ? wilson Butcher 's hook . look. ( do not anyone speak English in this fuck country ? ) I do not much reckon that minder of he . ed huh ? wilson he 's bring in the heavy mob . ed what ? wilson extra muscle . bodyguard . ed have he ? wilson they look a right load of wally . patrol back and forth outside the gate , all ponce up like the fuckin' Household cavalry . ( duck suddenly ) watch it . as one of the " bodyguard " run by , only fleetingly glimpse by we . ed that be one of they ? wilson ( sit up again ) see what I mean ? wearing bloomin ' uniform and all . off Ed 's perplex look ... ext . hillside underbrush . late afternoon . Wilson settles into position again , this time with Ed . wilson look at that . Ed just laugh . wilson what 's so fuck funny ? ed that be not guard . they be valet . Pov now we see what Wilson have mistaken for Valentine 's private army . half a dozen valet outside Valentine 's hilltop home . dress in match attire , a couple of they wield walkie- talky . resume wilson and ed Ed 's still laugh . wilson valet . what d'ya mean valet . what be he , then , the Earl of fuck doncaster ? ed valet . they park car . he 's have a party . CUT . ext . valentine's house . late afternoon . Wilson 's car pull up . he and Ed get out . Wilson engage in a mini tug-of - war with a valet over he car key , it so rub he the wrong way have to give it up . wilson keep it handy , mate , all right ? we be not stop long . he gesture , apparently get the message across that he want the car keep close by . valet yes , sir . wilson cheer . exchange the key for a card -- which he turn over in he hand and study curiously as they head inside . wilson valet , eh ? be not we all la-de- da . ed ( nervous be here ) I think you just want to check out the house , man . wilson well , that 's what we be doin ' , and it . ed no one else be even here yet . wilson first in , first out , that 's I . look over to note the multi-car garage off the main house . int . valentine's house . afternoon . Wilson and Ed be among the first to arrive . a smatter of other guest . elaborate cater cuisine . they mosey over to the wet bar . bartender gentlemen . what can I get you . wilson ( suggest Ed take first crack ) dubonnet with a twist ? baby sham ? tomato juice and tabasco sauce ? by now he whole dynamic with Ed be a verbal tease . ed ( to bartender ) get a Coke ? int . valentine's bedroom . afternoon . Valentine be check himself in a full - length mirror . tv on in background , sound low ( entertainment week ! ) . not quite satisfied , Valentine cross to the bathroom . bathroom Valentine take one more closer look . adhara ( o.s. ) you have the same poster . Valentine turn . valentine hmm ? adhara be loung in the large tub . stare dreamily at a couple of frame poster on the wall : more 60 's psychedelia . adhara that you have down at you office . Valentine sit on the edge of the tub . with a nostalgic air as he look at she : the embodiment of youth . valentine different one . he stroke she wet skin . they kiss lightly . adhara I like the color . valentine we all do . adhara it must have be a time . a golden moment . beat . valentine have you ever dream of a place ... you do not really recall ever have be to ... a place that probably do not even exist except in you imagination ... somewhere far away , half - remember when you wake up ... but when you be there you speak the language , you know you way around ... ( significant pause ) that be the 60' . with that exit line ( practice ? ) , he start to go . then pause , turn again . valentine no , it be not . be not either . come back to she . faraway look in he eye . valentine it be ' 66 ... early ' 67 . ( come back to now ) that be all . he go . int . valentine's house . downstair hallway . afternoon . Wilson wander around , explore the house . come to a wall of photographe . casually scan they as he pass slowly by , he 's catch up short by one . Pov a frame photo of jenny , he daughter . wilson a series of emotion play over he face . he turn -- sees Valentine come down the stair . Valentine join the party without notice he . by the buffet table Ed peruse the available food . Valentine come over to check it out . glance at Ed without recognize he . valentine hi. and go away . leave Ed more nervous than ever . int . valentine's house . upstair hallway . afternoon . Wilson have come up here . peek into one room . move along to another : the master bedroom . open the door gently . int . master bathroom . adhara be still enjoy she bath . int . master bedroom . Wilson enter . careful . aware that someone 's in the adjoin bathroom . the soft ripple of water from in there . perhaps he even glimpsis she through the door as he boldly look around . he notice a video camera on a tripod , a cord run to the television . suddenly we hear the chirp of a cellular phone . bathroom adhara react . adhara shit . she get out of the tub and go for the nearest towel . quickly wrapping herself , she exit . bedroom adhara enter and go for she purse . she pull the ringing phone out and answer it . adhara hello ? hey ! great . you get my message ? yeah . no , crestview Terrace , not crestview place . yeah , there 's like three different way up the hill ; the quick way be to bear to the right . sure . okay . okay . ' bye ! she hang up and begin toweling she hair . after a moment she stop . something be not right . she look around the room , and she eye stop on the tv . her brow furrow , try to place the familiar image on the screen : a girl towel - drying she hair by the bed . adhara that 's I . she look over to see the video camera , which have be turn on and point toward the bed . she 's not sure if it 's funny or creepy . CUT . int . valentine's house . downstair . afternoon . Valentine mingling , all smile and movement . wilson at the foot of the stair . watch he , all stillness and intensity . valentine catch Wilson 's eye for a nanosecond , do a subtle double take , then move on . int . valentine's house . upstair hallway . afternoon . adhara , dress , look great , exit the bedroom and head for the stairwell . int . valentine's house . downstair . afternoon . adhara descend the stair . wilson turn to see she as she come down . adhara make she way across the room to Valentine . adhara hey , I think you be not a buffet person . valentine I be a gracious host . wilson watch they , when -- guy Excuse I ? Wilson look at he . reluctantly . guy do not you work with Ian ? wilson Ian ? guy I could swear I meet you with Ian at the emi office in London . wilson sorry . be not I . guy you sure ? wilson unless I be not who I think I be . guy that 's too bad . Ian 's get a good thing go over there . wilson yeah ? guy turned that place completely around . 180 degree . wilson no kid . guy what I like about Ian , he believe in a chain of command , but not a chain of respect , you understand what I be say ? wilson right . chain of respect . that 's good , that . guy yeah . I really admire the guy . well . good to meet you . wilson yeah . cheer , mate . the guy leave . Wilson see that adhara be now on the other side of the room , separate from Valentine . he head for she . valentine still deal with people desperate to be the focus of he attention . he notice : wilson and adhara talk in a corner . she seem attentive . valentine in a series of cut , still be the gracious host , still keep he eye on : wilson and adhara who , in a series of cut , continue to talk . finally , they separate , Wilson head outside onto a deck . valentine excuse himself from a group of sycophant and go to she . adhara Valentine approach and begin talk to she , low . after a few moment of conversation , they both look toward : wilson on the deck outside . join Ed , who 's take refuge out here with a plate of food . what Wilson can not belleve when he sees it -- be that behind Valentine 's house , which be on top of a high hill , be nothing but desolate scrub canyon . on the other side of the railing around the deck , which be surely less than regulation height , be a sheer drop into a abyss . wilson ( cont would ) ( jump back with only slightly affect vertigo ) flip heck . Ed , a little more accustom to L.A. architecture , nod in agreement . ed if you could afford a house like this you would buy a house like this . Wilson edge forward to the rail again . wilson what be we stand on ? ed faith . they stand there look out . quite a view once you get use to it . Breeze . ed ( cont would ) ( nod to the hazy distance ) you could see the sea from here if you could see it . wilson could you ? but now Ed give Wilson a nudge -- seeing that Valentine inside the house be make he way out here . wilson why do not you go nick one of that little cooker what 's its warming up the sausage cocktail and meet I in the garage . look about for a toolbox while you be at it . Ed consider . his be not to reason why . ed okay . Ed move off . Valentine step up , smile fully load . valentine hi. Terry Valentine . he extend he hand . Wilson shake it . wilson pleasure . valentine have we meet ? there 's something I can not quite -- wilson emi in London . I work with Ian . valentine ah . wilson you must know Ian . valentine I do not . wilson great bloke . really turn thing around there . 180 degree . valentine I suppose that 's good , unless thing be fine the way they be . wilson oh , I think a shake - up be in order . definitely . otherwise , people get lazy , do not they ? forgetful . start think they can get away with thing . gotta shake them up now and again , make them pay attention . Wilson look at he . Valentine look back . something about that eye ... excite guy Terry , Terry ... the excite guy appear , tug at Valentine . wilson glad I get to meet you . excite guy ter ... ter ... you gotta ... valentine thanks . you , too . wilson be seein ' you . the excite guy usher Valentine away . Wilson watch he go . excite guy Charles grodin be here . CUT . int . valentine's garage . afternoon . Ed , wait . Wilson enter . wilson get it ? Ed display the sterno . wilson toolbox ? Ed point to a table , where a toolbox sit . Wilson cross to it , begin go through the content . wilson put the sterno on the ground , near the center of the garage . Ed do . Wilson pull a brace - and - bit from the toolbox and cross to the rear of one of the car . drop to the ground , he bore a hole in the gas tank . Ed raise he eyebrow and move toward the door . Wilson cross to the other car and put a hole in that gas tank as well . then he put the brace - and - bit back in the toolbox and head for the exit , Ed right behind he , give a quick backward glance . the gasoline spill out , slowly but steadily , and slither toward the garage door . ext . between valentine's house and garage . afternoon . Wilson and Ed walk briskly along the path . wilson ( give Ed parking ticket ) bring the motor around . bang out in front , right ? ed you goin ' back inside ? wilson one thing I need . int . valentine's house . downstair . afternoon . Valentine be talk to Gordon , he beefy bodyguard , and look around . he stop as he see Wilson once again step onto the deck . he point Wilson out to Gordon , who nod and head for the deck . ext . valentine's house . afternoon . Ed hand the ticket to a valet . he exchange look with a couple of the other valet . int . valentine's house . downstair . afternoon . Valentine be talk to adhara , who be introduce she girlfriend . as Valentine greet she , he glance outside where Gordon be approach Wilson on the deck . ext . deck . Wilson sees Gordon approach . get ready to greet he . remove cigarette from mouth , drop it to floor of deck , press it out under he shoe . limber up he shoulder in a subtle way . Gordon come towards he . as if to challenge Wilson 's legitimacy as a invite guest . closer . about to speak . but Wilson do not even give he a chance to do that . in quick succession : Wilson head butt Gordon , splintering he nose ; knee he in the groin ; then , use the knee for leverage , grab Gordon by the lapel -- and heave he over the railing ! it happen so fast that if anyone else be nearby they probably do not even notice -- or do not readily grasp what they see . int . valentine's house . Valentine have turn he attention back to adhara and she girlfriend . when he glance back to the deck he 's a little concerned not to see Gordon anywhere out there anymore -- just Wilson come back in . wilson adjusting he jacket , walk back through the house . behind he , people be rush to the railing and look over . a few yell of " call a ambulance ! " etc. be hear . valentine move that way . wilson move across the room towards the front door . they be head right toward each other . wilson and valentine pass each other , eye lock , almost dream-like . Wilson 's eye cold , though with the hint of a smile . Valentine throw a last look back before reach the deck . ext . deck . Valentine push through to look over the railing . he Pov Gordon -- a crumpled , inert heap way down the hill below . valentine turn to look toward the front door . Wilson not to be see . Valentine push through the crowd toward the door . ext . valentine's house . afternoon . Valentine emerge in time to see Ed and Wilson pull away . Wilson look at he , impassive , through the passenger window . avery be just arrive in he car . Valentine gesture at he . suddenly we hear a loud , bass - heavy whhuuummmppp . Valentine ( and a few other ) turn toward the sound , which come from : the garage there be smoke come from under the door . ext . canyon road . afternoon . Wilson 's car practically toboggane back down the hill . boom ! we hear a explosion from back up the hill . int . wilson's car . Ed jump -- though he 's drive . the gas pedal he most press concern . negotiate the dangerously wind road come second . exhilaration mix with panic . wilson steady on . ed you steady on , man . what the fuck else do you do back there . ext . road . a especially sharp curve loom ahead . wilson flinch , grab a handhold . curve car make it around on two side wheel . wilson gulp . wilson bloody hell . Ed regains control . avery in he car , take a different turn . ext . road . car . swerves some more curve . should be some sense here that a similar skyline route would have be take by Wilson 's daughter on she final drive . int . wilson's car . ed why do not you just kill he , you have the chance . wilson that would be too easy . ed too easy ? wilson he 's gotta know why . ed you think a fuckin ' guy like that ever will ? what more do you want , man ? suddenly out of nowhere -- ( a side street ) -- bam ! -- another car shoot out to cut they off , sideswipe they . ext . road . Wilson 's car skid into a spin from the impact . the other car it 's avery . chase they via a shortcut down the mountain . now jump out of he car , level a shotgun at they and pump off a blast . wilson's car bam ! -- the trunk pop open as the car rights itself . avery fire again , but the upend trunk be a kind of shield , deflect the shot . int . wilson's car . despite the fact that Ed be still in the driver 's seat ( and manage rather skillfully to avoid crash ) -- Wilson act like he 's not there , grab the steering wheel , jam the car into reverse , virtually sit on Ed as he pound he own foot onto the gas pedal -- and with he ferocious eye monitoring the door-mirror , steamrolls the car backwards towards avery . ext . road . Wilson reverse he car like a speed tank : smashing into avery 's car . push it right off the edge of the road . avery Falls backwards to the ground as he get the hell out of the way . wilson jump out of he car . gun draw . advance on avery with it point . avery car crashing through underbrush down the steep bank of the hillside . wilson's face SOUND of the divebomb car over . another point echo of he daughter 's fate . avery they eye meet momentarily . and before Wilson can shoot , avery roll over the edge of the road himself . ed call frantically to Wilson from they car . ed c'mon , man ! c'mon ! siren in the distance . wilson that consume rage overtaken he again for a second . but the exigency of the moment snap he out of it . wilson turn on a dime , go back to the car . before he 's halfway in , Ed 's drive they away again . trunk at the back banging up and down , up and down . avery pull himself back up to the road . brush himself off . look the way they go . he gently toss he shotgun down into some thick brush where maybe he will retrieve it later . ext . valentine's house . afternoon . avery return , sweat , walk back up the road to where all the action be . Party guest milling outside , wait for they car so they can leave . a fire truck , a police car . smoke pour out of Valentine 's garage . Valentine finish talk to a couple of cop . walk over to avery . avery you should have let I do the talk . valentine why , because you be my security consultant ? ( insecure ) this cocksucker nearly burnt my house down . avery ( more concerned about police presence ) what do you tell they . Valentine blow air , run a hand through he hair . valentine I tell they a long - time employee flip out . have a drug problem , refuse counsell . set the garage on fire , then commit suicide . one of my " guest " try to stop he -- but how do you stop Gordon . in this context meaning how do that rangy englishman do it . valentine I mean , Gordon must weigh a good four hundred pound . avery heavier than that now . but be there any drug in that stomach to back up you story . valentine as it happen . I do not make that part up . avery and where be this guest ? do not they want to interview he . valentine I do not know everyone here . he be so traumatize he split . ( another notion ) maybe he be Gordon 's pusher . avery stare at Valentine . impress at he think on he foot . valentine where do you think he be , Mike . avery ( already turn ) we will find he . valentine ( stop he ) no. I mean . not even you people should be involved . right ? it 's too close now . avery you could use a few of my prime shitkicker up here . valentine you think I be stay ? avery there 's already gonna be talk about how people close to you keep fall into canyon . valentine well , can we make it one more . nowhere the fuck near I . he 's be glib , but he 's be serious . his open-handed gesture inquire of avery : be you up to the task ? avery I have other resource . he turn to go . ext . valentine's house . canyon . afternoon . the huge dead bulk of Gordon hoist back up to the deck by a paramedic team . int . valentine's house . Valentine come back in . in the live room beyond , adhara stand anxiously , where she 's be wait for he . cop visible outside on the deck , peer over the edge . valentine head that way . then stop . backtrack . something peripherally have catch he eye and he return to it . his wall of photograph . a empty frame the one that have contain the picture of Jenny . CUT . int . wilson's car . afternoon . safely down the hill . driving away in traffic , Ed calmer now . wilson pull the roll - up photograph of he daughter out of he jacket and look at it . CUT . int . pool hall . night . two character stand , lean , against a back wall . stare ahead , without purpose . halfheartedly watch a game of pool in progress . just hang out . strange , threaten character . one of they be young . lean , hungry -look . stacy be he name . a shrewd , scheme kid . but definitely a little unhinge . weirder be he companion . uncle JOHN . the title be not one of courtesy . he 's a actual blood relative . maybe 25 year older than stacy . but intellectually young . physically , much bigger . the man be huge . nevertheless , the safer of the two -- until stacy tell he otherwise . Way they be stand next to each other suggest the ease they feel in each other 's company . tight bond . they be good buddy . avery walk in . stop to look around . spot he two freak . walk toward they . doorway a mysterious black man have follow avery in . thompson be he name . he hang back and watch . avery make contact . avery stacy . stacy turn to see he . uncle John look vacantly . stacy ( bored ) hey . avery come over here . that be in the way of a order . he nod around the corner where it 's less crowded . stacy stop uncle John from follow , and go after avery . thompson at the bar . keeping he eye on they . avery speak softly . alone with stacy . avery how they goin ' , kid ? stacy not bad . avery how would you like to kill someone for I ? stacy okay . avery give he a envelope . avery same as last time -- the rest after . stacy ( pocket it ) where do we go ? avery when you find the guy , you will know . stacy what shit be this . I just do it . I do not prepare it . avery I will point you in the right direction , but you will have to take it to the end - zone . he 's a hit - and - run gunman -- I figure he 's not cruise the polo Lounge . stacy this be un -fuck professional . avery see , a successful man like I have limitation -- I lose touch at a street level . so I have to depend on a smart boy like you who 's closer to the nitty and the gritty than I be . stacy fuck you , Mr. whatever - your-name be . this be a lifestyle I embrace . avery that 's why I be let you take care of this . I be the one with appearance to maintain . but who give a shit about you ? not even God . CUT . int . wilson's motel . night . Wilson on the bed . watch tv ( access hollywood ! ) . knock at door . he turn down the tv . take a .45 from the spring under the bed . look carefully through the peephole in the door . open it . Elaine have come to visit . let she in . after close the door resume he position on the bed . Elaine look around . elaine I be in the neighborhood . I come down here quite a bit . watch the plane take off . ( be this motel ) Study the architecture of early David Lynch . but she do not really have it in she to be ironic right now . leans back against the door . Wilson remain silent . he 's do the same to Elaine now that he do to Ed . almost magically induce she to a confessional verge . Elaine , too , be not sure she want to be complicit in this revenge tragedy . but here go : elaine Jenny be suppose to come to my place that night . she call I , ask if she could come over . she and Terry have be -- have some trouble . lately . I do not know about what . on this occasion , it reach some sort of crisis point . wilson she tell you all about my detail but not about he . Lovely . elaine she would never call I like that before . she sound more ... piss off -- angry -- than upset or afraid . but she never turn up . I call the house but only get the answer machine . when they find she ... she would be go the wrong way . not the direction she would have go if she would be come to see I . or come straight to see I . who know . maybe she just want to drive . she look at Wilson . shrug . that 's it . that 's all . be not it ? wilson ( measure ) how do you come to have my address ? found it , do you . among she thing . elaine you think Terry give I access to she thing ? probably sell she clothes . wilson ( gently urging ) and how do you get it ? Elaine look at he . elaine she give I you address . Wilson nod . elaine ( cont would ) ( start to realize ) not long before ... ( realize ) she say if anything ever happen ... ( realize ) that 's how you know . that 's why you be so sure . ( realization ) Jenny 's tell you . she 's sit on the bed now . CUT . ext . mean STREET . night . stacy , put on a jacket that say " bomb hanoi " come out of the pool hall . uncle John in tow . uncle JOHN how much . stacy five thousand . uncle JOHN ( impressed ) hey . stacy ( tap pocket ) I get half . uncle JOHN makin ' trouble for someone ? stacy yeah . uncle JOHN which kind ? stacy the forever kind . behind they Thompson , the mysterious black man , watch they from the hall doorway . CUT . ext . wilson's motel . morning . early . int . wilson's room . Wilson and Elaine . get dress . she 's in pantyhose . fasten a bra . he 's get trousers on , reach for a shirt . wilson how long have you live here ? Elaine sit on the bed , fasten she skirt . her bra strap cut across she bare back . elaine this town 's be chew my flesh since ... what we now refer to as " the early 70' . " ( think back ) Christ , my past become nostalgia and no one even ask I . wilson early 70' . I be away . ( try to remember ) maidstone . possibly brixton . elaine this more highlight from the Zagat prison guide ? Wilson look at she : she 's the one who go to bed with ex - con . wilson you do not seem bother . elaine you do not know how I have compromise my standard . wilson tell we about it . elaine it 's too involved ; a lifetime of non - involvement . anywhere else I would be a interesting little number , here I be just sag number forty - eight thousand and one . ( quickly ) sag meaning screen actor 's Guild . wilson oh , I be gonna say ... elaine still , there have be reward . it 's sunny . and some of the producer who call even have credit . wilson I can see the attraction . she glance up at he to try and see how he mean that . be he look at she or out the window ? elaine what do you do ? to make they take the early 70' away from you . wilson a jeweller 's up the West end . we tunnelle we way under the shop floor from the public lavatory down the road . filthy work . trouble be , the bloody thing collapse -- after we would make the grab , and all . would you Adam and Eve it . elaine you mean if they would nab you before you actually break and enter you would only have be charge with make a mess . wilson we be lucky to be nick . I and the lad go down there Sunday evening , we be not discover till the Monday . good job we be still breathe . elaine it do not discourage you , though . wilson hey ? elaine from pursue you choose profession . wilson I will tell ya something : it make I a model prisoner . put I right off any escape attempt . tunnel my way to freedom after that experience ? not bloody likely . elaine I be inside once . I punch a cop at a demo . wilson do you . what be that in aid of ? elaine who remember . wilson get seven year , do you ? elaine overnight . what about just now ? wilson just now ? ( playful , go over , ready for more ) overnight ? elaine you have be away . ( lie back , regards he carefully ) or be all this just new to you ? wilson it 's true . have to be say . I get off to a slow start . elaine I do not believe it . wilson honest . do not know where to look till I be 21 . elaine push the legal limit even then . he stand again , vaguely disappoint she . wilson I mate introduce I to a woman up the street . funnily enough , she be marry to a milkman . straight up . I say , " good be she ? be around ? " he say , " good ? listen , mush , it 's not that she 's be around , it 's that she 's be around hell of a long time . " he laugh uproariously at that . but the point be : he 's sort of compliment both Elaine and himself . they have be around , have they knock , they have last . Elaine remain unsmile . still lean back on she elbow on the bed , in bra , skirt , hose , no shoe . she ask again the question Wilson avoid answer . elaine you most recent incarceration . what be that for ? and again he evade the answer she want . wilson it be for nine year . ( buttone he shirt ) the last nine year . CUT . ext . pacific coast highway . morning . for the first time , we see the Pacific coastline . impressive . and a sleek italian sport car . head north . int . sport car . Valentine at the wheel . adhara besides he . adhara I have live in L.A. all my life , I have never do this drive . valentine all you life . that happen while I swim the length of my pool . adhara look back over she shoulder . check the road behind . valentine what 's the matter ? adhara nothing . I guess it 's hard to pass on this road . valentine the freeway 's faster , but lack a certain majesty . adhara just feel like the car behind have be follow we the longest time . valentine I sure hope so . int . the car behind . a big utility vehicle . with avery in the front passenger seat . and three bodyguard he 's bring along to protect Valentine . rick drive , tom and larry in the back . tom all I be sayin ' be travel time should not be the same rate . Travel time be down time , right ? I mean , we be not even in the same car as the client . ( to avery ) you tell I the job be at the house . when we get to it . well , be we shadow the client right now or be we just go the same way ? the company I be with in Seattle , this distinction be make . now , I do not dispute he get the full whack . ( he mean Rick , who 's older ) seniority and all that . but if I be get pay the same hourly rate when we be at the house as I be in this car , that do not sit well with I and I feel oblige to say so . ' Cause in Seattle what you be pay now for so - call travel time be half what we get for actual clock - time with the client . so I just feel we should get more when the job actually commence . after this spineless whining weak - will sob story , Larry just turn to he and say : larry ... I would really like to eat you pussy . CUT . ext . elaine's neighborhood . day . stacy and uncle John sit on a bench in a beach set ( though we still do not see the ocean ) . or on some grass , maybe , in a little park -- opposite Elaine 's building . people-watch . in they own unique way . stacy comment on fellow humanity all around they . time cut between each comment : stacy ( after laugh loudly at a handicapped person ) I believe in mock the afflict . good for them . make them stronger . uncle John pick at the grass or sand . as they kill the day . stacy ( spot a woman with a dog ) ever take a look at the woman who work in pet store ? wow . stacy ( as a fat jogger pass ) good luck . stacy ( watch someone else go by ) Jesus , be you gay enough or what . stacy ( barely out of earshot of a black woman with dyed blonde hair ) very attractive . good idea . now I really want to fuck you . stacy ( after a long time in silence , just stare at someone ) ... you can always tell the one who will do anal . stacy ( regard some other beachgoer ) kinda make you wonder why more people do not put a bullet through they fuckin ' skull , do not it . stacy ( read a newspaper ) look like they just airbrush the dick out of he mouth . stacy ( lean back on he elbow ) why do not they have tv show about people whose daily life you would be interested in watch . y'know . like skinny little weakling . or big fat guy . sick old man . family of losers . would not that be good ? stacy ( sit up ) two black and a mexican in a car . who 's drive ? uncle JOHN I do not know . stacy the l.a.p.d. stacy ( observe a " fast - walker " ) oh yeah , keep do that . that 's really healthy . stacy ( he gaze follow another unfortunate ) can not you do something about you ass ? stacy ( he head turn after someone else ) other people 's life scare the shit out of I . stacy ( watch some guy root in a trash bin ) " homeless " people . fuck they . remember when they be just bum ? everyone with a axe to grind . like to grind in they face . pretty soon there will be shit - in - your-pant rights group . stupidity activist . stacy ( glad he 's who he be and not who he 's look at ) wonder what it 's like be a dumb guy in a dumb suit try to cross the street . stacy ( stare at another sad couple ) life sure be a minefield . stacy ( clocking another female ) look at that one . she 's really be use . stacy ( in a contemplative mode ) I would love to be famous so I could snub ordinary people . imagine , you be famous , you be sit in a restaurant , some fool come up to you , want you to sign you name on he napkin , he wife be there , it would be something this poor sap would cherish the rest of they life , talk about to they cretin friend . bam ! you tell them to fuck off ! God , I would love that . suddenly uncle John speak . uncle JOHN be that she ? I bet that 's she . stacy turn . Pov across the street , Elaine come out of she building . ( we be suppose this be a apartment building somewhat worth live in that have outdoor parking of some kind , visible from the street , or only street parking . ) CUT . ext . some STREET . day . Elaine 's car on the move . stacy and uncle John in a car follow . int . elaine's car . go somewhere . unaware of the creep in she wake . int . stacy / uncle john' car . a " 8x10 " of Elaine on they back seat . another picture of she on a page tear from a " player 's directory . " uncle JOHN maybe she do not even know the English guy . stacy ( drive ) avery say she be tight with he daughter . uncle JOHN that do not mean nothin' . stacy know better than to argue with a moron . uncle JOHN she 's nice lookin' . stacy so what . uncle JOHN I dunno . I just say she 's nice lookin' . stacy and I say so what . you think she 's any happier ? uncle JOHN what d' you mean , any happier ? stacy any happier than any other asshole in life . pause . uncle JOHN I dunno . I never meet she . CUT . int . SOUND studio . day . on screen : a beautiful model -- but speak in elaine's voice . elaine at a mic . wearing headphone . match she voice to the model 's lip movement . loop this commercial or whatever it be . int . hallway . Wilson . come to a window where he can see Elaine inside in the sound - proofed studio . CUT . int . SOUND studio . day . Wilson and Elaine talk while technician change reel . elaine -- they want Southern , I do Southern , they want Midwest , I do Midwest , they want tall , blonde , and twenty - two , I be shit out of luck . ( pause ) one thing I can not do be English . Americans can not . should not even try . and laurence olivier could not do we . wilson you ever be to London ? elaine only in the movie . wilson I have ' ardly ever leave it . elaine yeah , well , you be here now -- ( be Wilson 's accent ) -- where hurricane hardly ever happen . wilson I have get the hang of the drive . found this place all right . elaine stick with I , kid . look big when you get here but you can cover it in five minute . beat . elaine ( cont would ) so , be there anybody in you family who 's not a criminal ? wilson not that I recall . elaine what about you grandmother ? wilson Nah -- she be marry to I grandad -- he be as bent as a boomerang -- use to make knuckle - duster down the shop . crafty old sod . elaine he alive to see this ? wilson ( shake head ) dropped dead in the stall in the odeon , muswell Hill . watch doris Day . elaine what would you father do ? wilson Black market during the war . Elaine shake she head . elaine I guess you be just habitual . wilson you sound like my fuck probation officer . elaine wo not he be look for you about now ? wilson good luck to he . he could not find he prick if he do not wear y-front . elaine minor official bother you , do not they ? wilson do we a favor . can not even go have a slash without them say , what be you go in there for ? ext . elaine's build . day . Elaine and Wilson enter . stacy not far behind . catch outside gate before it slam shut . CUT . int . elaine's build . day . Wilson and Elaine turn the corner into the corridor approach she apartment door . pause to kiss . walk closer . and stacy appear at the other end of the hall . both arm stretch out with the .38 at the end of they . stacy hi , kid . start to squeeze off a shot . as Wilson push Elaine to the floor . as another shot ring out from further along the hall behind stacy . catch he across the cheek . only skim he . but knock he down . bullet chipping the wall . uncle JOHN across from stacy . freezes , he own gun in hand . at the stair Three black guy . include Thompson . they approach . gun point at stacy and uncle John . wilson Hand on he .45 now . but a fourth Black guy come up behind he . Wilson lower the .45 . elaine flattened herself back against a wall . petrify . stacy sit on the floor . hold he hurt face . Thompson walk over and pick up stacy 's gun . one of the other black relieve a reluctant uncle John of he . thompson ( stop at Wilson ) come with we . if there 's any doubt whether Wilson will -- one of the black gently put the muzzle of a gun to Elaine 's head . cock the hammer . they all go off down the stairwell . except stacy and uncle John . hit man wonder what hit they . CUT . int . room . day . like Wilson 's motel room , another version of a cell . a small window , high up . brick and debris around the floor . and Wilson and Elaine . sitting , lean against opposite stone wall . elaine tell I you would not prefer a steady income . Wilson take a cigarette pack from a pocket . light himself one . then toss the stuff over to Elaine . wilson I get a steady income -- I be on the dole . elaine ( light up ) a leech on the welfare state in addition . you do not miss a trick . wilson I fiddle it . they get I down as a immigrant with five kid . Elaine sort of share a laugh at that . elaine yeah ... Jenny speak fondly of she imaginary sibling . though real one might have be nice . this a unspoken think between they . elaine ( cont would ) do you remember the last time you see she ? wilson last time might as well have be the first . I remember all the time , do not i. watch she grow up -- ( find the word ) in increment . elaine she tell I you be a ghost in she life . daddy the friendly ghost . come back to haunt she . wilson well , she twigge by the time she be eight or nine that daddy be not in the Royal Marines or do scientific research in the jungle of borneo or play iago in a worldwide tour of othello . elaine still , you could never ... do what she want . Wilson shake he head . wilson she use to tell I she would turn I in . ( try to laugh about it ) Little kid . ten year old . " if you be naughty , dad , I will tell on ya . " she do not want I send down again , see . when I be plan some job . " I will tell them , dad , I promise I will . here , look , I be call the Old Bill right now " -- pick up the telephone . I can see she , the phone in she hand . became a sort of joke between we . only it be not a joke . elaine she never would have turn you in , not in a million year . wilson I know that . but as time go on ... well , it be not a joke , be it ? she have a feel about it -- about the last job -- how long I would get the hook for . Said she would not be there this time when I get out . door open . Thompson . gun in hand . CUT . int . hallway . day . Thompson lead Wilson past a row of window . dockyard , harbor activity outside . toward a door with thing stencill on it . one of they : US dept . of custom . int . office . a man name feather . Black . half sit on the edge of a table . Wilson be show in . Wilson at the door . size feather up at a glance . wilson this be where I come in . he walk confidently in . outside , through the window , a image of a foreign sport car be hoist in the air by a crane . there 's a chair . Wilson sit in it . feather squint a little . seem ready to listen to whatever Wilson have to say . wilson ( cont would ) how 's it go , squire , all right ? now listen -- when I be in the nick -- second time , it be -- no , third . third stretch , yeah . there be this screw have it in for I . that geezer be top of my list . two year after I be sling , I see he . he be sit on a bench in Holland Park . there be no one else about . I coulda go up behind he and snap he fuck neck . but I leave it . coulda nobble he , but I do not . ' cos what I think I want be not what I want . what I think I be think about be something else . this berk on the bench be not worth my time . see what I mean ? it do not matter . it mean sod all in the end . feather have be listen to this , expressionless . now he raise a finger as if there 's a point he want clarify . feather there 's one thing I do not understand . ( want to make this clear ) the thing I do not understand ... be every motherfuck thing you be say . wilson look , mush , you be the guv ' nor here , I can see that , I be on you manor now , right . so there 's no need to get out of you pram . I be johnny - come - lately to all this . whatever the bollock between you and this slag Valentine , it 's get nothing to do with I . I do not wanna know . feather well , I will tell you . I believe this Valentine screw I out of a fair sum of money . wilson I can well believe it . I be sure he have do , son . he 's about as straight as a dog 's hind leg . feather but I can not be sure . I do not even know who he be . he 's too insulate . too many layer around he . wilson you guess be as good as mine , mate . I be here on another matter entirely . feather ( move to window ) yeah , I guess you be . wilson good job you lot show up when they do or it would have be I for the high jump . feather that dude who work for Valentine . he 's the one send that guy after you . you know that . wilson yeah . should not wonder . must have do . feather so what 's you beef , pal ? wilson nothing financial . strictly personal . ( move to window ) I can see how all this import - export malarkey might give rise to confusion where I be concerned . a foreigner , show up unexpectedly , like . feather ( look at he ) it be you . downtown . wilson ( all innocent ) eh ? feather because that be not anything to do with I . and suspicion have be cast in my direction . ( ponder ) do not make any sense . choose that shithead over I , cut I out of the deal , then screwing they over too . wilson no , I can reassure you on that point . Valentine be just as surprised by that turn of event as you . feather he would already grab more than he allot cut . do not think he would be so bold as to take all of it . wilson all of what ? feather of the deal , man . wilson oh , yeah , right . the deal . feather but if you be mad at he too and he 's mad at you ... that must make we pal . wilson as you prefer , squire . as you prefer . feather ( weary of he life ) in which case I will just do what I usually do . wilson and that be ? feather what be I do ? he 's stand at the window , stare out . as if Wilson be not even in the room any more . a ship be load out there . inspector with clipboard . truck like the one we see at that warehouse downtown . wilson look the other way . ( turn to go ) gotcha . CUT . ext . inn . day . along the way up the coast . through a window we see Valentine and adhara enjoy a pleasant lunch . the bodyguard hang out by the car outside with fast food bag and drink . tom ( to Rick ) I mean , how much be you get ? just as a point of interest . see , I do not realize there be a slide scale . avery at a payphone . his idiot in the background . dial a number . int . pool hall . day . stacy . nasty bruise on he cheek . take a cue off the rack . chalks up . stacy straight rotation , no shit , call you shot . uncle JOHN lemme break . they be play against a couple of other creep . creep you break last time . stacy let he break - he like to break . creep fuck you . stacy I would not talk . creep huh ? stacy I see you mother on the Strip last night . she go up to three guy , say she would like them to stick one in each , know what I mean ? creep rush stacy . but do not get past uncle John . who drop he with one punch . floor he between two pool table . stacy then go over . support himself with a hand on each table , swing he boot into the thug 's face . bartender ( call ) stacy . stacy look . bartender hold up phone . stacy go over . bartender ( cont would ) I can do without you inhibit my business . stacy just scowl , take the phone . stacy ( into phone ) yeah . uncle JOHN break . stacy hang up . go back to uncle John . pick up he cue again . stacy ( cont would ) we have be fire . CUT . ext . valentine's house . L.A. day someone we have never see before and will never see again stand in Valentine 's driveway . his name be field . a car come up . another guy , gramm , sit in it . he wait . eventually field walk over . gramm ( be : the burnt garage ) Valentine have himself a party , I hear . field ( by rote ) my client have already give a statement regard yesterday 's event . gramm a statement ? I would not mind get a statement . you see , my client -- the United States government -- would love to get a statement about a few of the deal go down with you client . field deal ? my client be involved in any number of deal at any give moment . you would have to be more specific . gramm you client have a deal in Long Beach ? how about downtown ? there 's some folk there -- oh , wait , they be all dead . any of this ring a bell ? field my client be a entrepreneur . I be he lawyer , not he business manager . gramm so you would not have any idea how you client continue to make so much fuck money . field he 's always be very forward- think . he invest wisely . gramm where be he now ? field he have urgent business in the north . gramm just laugh . just laugh and laugh . and we leave he laugh . and field not . CUT . int . restaurant . kitchen . day . Ed take off a apron , head out the door . it 's clear that he 's not the head chef here -- because the head chef , a anglo , turn , wonder where he 's go . over this we hear : wilson ( over ) where 's Big sur ? elaine ( over ) up the coast . wilson ( over ) how far ? elaine ( over ) I do not know -- few hour , I guess . wilson ( over ) Fancy it ? elaine ( over ) I could use a vacation . of course , I keep forget , for you this be a vacation . wilson ( over ) never think of that . ( grunt of laughter ) busman 's holiday . elaine ( over ) what 's in Big sur ? wilson ( over ) that 's where Valentine 's scarpere . elaine ( over ) how do you know ? wilson ( over ) bloke tell I . beat . wilson ( cont would ) ( over ) you should not go back to you place . not till ... this be resolve . another beat . elaine ( over ) I hear it 's a nice drive . CUT . ext . restaurant . back alley . Ed get into Wilson 's car . Elaine in there too . CUT . ext . coast highway . day . Wilson 's rent car . head for Big sur . int . car . Ed drive . Wilson beside he . Elaine in the back . ed what d' you say , Elaine ? elaine not much -- you ? ed same . elaine uh-huh . ed last time I see you , be not you up for some equity - waiver thing ? elaine probably . ed I be gonna be in that Michael Mann movie , you know -- with pacino and deniro . get three callback . elaine really . ed do not get it . elaine well , that be the break . ed not no more , they be not . I quit that act shit , man . elaine you just cooking then ? ed Hell , no . I start write . Elaine and Wilson exchange glance . ext . highway . day . onward . CUT . int . bar . day . stacy and uncle John sit and drink . uncle John lament they monetary loss . stacy think to himself . uncle JOHN we coulda use the other two - and - a-half grand . stacy there 's more than a measly few grand in this . uncle JOHN there be ? stacy something 's on . uncle JOHN what ? stacy I happen to know more about Mr. whatever - he - name - be than he think I know about he and he operation . uncle JOHN you do ? stacy you bet . uncle JOHN like what . stacy like he would never hire I for real . not week - to-week . I do not have the credential . he think I be just a sociopath , someone he can turn to when he need " plausible denial . " uncle JOHN well , we blow it , do not we ? he be not wrong . stacy ( savage mimicry ) " he be not wrong . " listen , I know this asshole who do just go to work for he . full -time . and this dickhead 's parent just tell I he take a road trip up the coast . that 's the type of individual get hire , someone who will shoot he mouth off to he family while on the job . uncle JOHN I do not get it . stacy I do not know who that English guy be . some kind of -- ( find the word ) -- courier or something . maybe a seller . maybe a buyer . but Mr. avery want he , that jig want he -- and I betcha there 's a briefcase somewhere . uncle JOHN what 's in it ? stacy ( shrug ) drug ? Cash ? both if we be lucky . uncle JOHN how we gonna get that lucky ? stacy while they be all fuck each other over ... couple of party like we could move right in . CUT . ext . highway . day . Wilson 's car . closer to Big sur . scenery more magnificent . int . wilson's car . Ed still drive . Wilson next to he . open a new cigarette pack . ed I have be wonder something . wilson again ? ed do you have any friend , man ? wilson yeah , I suppose . call them that , yeah . down the boozer Saturday night . meet some of the lad . elaine ( a little more point ) Friends and colleague . wilson you can not count on very many people , that 's the trouble . number of time a decent job 's be cocked up ... elaine poor baby . Little back - seat sarcasm there . Wilson look kind of bitter . wilson useless git . I be gonna do the Post Office once . ed what post office ? wilson the lot . the whole british bloody Post Office . I have a brilliant plan -- all work out -- work of genius , it be . could I get anybody interested ? no -- they be too busy pinching orange squash from the milkman . lazy sod . jumble sale on in watford , they will be up at the crack of dawn . elaine you be just on a higher plane , Wilson . wilson too bleed true , and ' it . flick some cigarette pack paper out the window . ext . highway . the car speed along . CUT . ext . house . big sur . day . a impressive clifftop dwelling . isolate on a wind road . on a beautiful promontory overlook the sea . Valentine ring the doorbell ( actually chime ) . it 's open by he ex - wife . susan . very well - maintain . 50 - something . surprise to see he . but not overjoy . valentine hello there . susan what be you do here ? valentine exercise my visitation rights . susan since when ? valentine I miss my kid . susan they be at college . or do not you accountant even tell you where the money go anymore . Valentine go inside . int . house . he look around . she do not shut the door . valentine you have make it ... brighter . susan I do not want you here , Terry . valentine sure you do . he turn to look at she . smile . somehow it do not work on she . one of the reason she divorced he . just one . she sigh . resigned to he presence . start to close the door . valentine ( cont would ) do not shut the door -- I have people with I . now she get it . susan what kind of trouble be you in ? valentine no trouble . Susan sees adhara get out of the sporty car park in the drive and stand against it in a posture of young chick defiance . susan surely you can think of somewhere else to take one of you chippy for a quick getaway . valentine Susan . he actually put he hand on she arm . to hold she firm while he lock onto she eye . and do not smile . valentine ( cont would ) I just need ... somewhere remote . away from l.a . for a couple of day . ( now the kicker ) I pay for this house too . Susan read he . he 's not claim ownership rights . he 's tell she this house , because of the connection to he , be a target of some kind . susan what have you do ? the land cruiser pull up outside . avery emerge , come over , come in . Susan note the bodyguard out there as well . avery ( to Valentine ) we be not follow . ( to Susan ) Susan . Valentine let Susan go . know she 's now speechless at what 's turn into , as far as she 's concerned , a home invasion . valentine ( move , look around ) where 's ... what 's - he - name -- Fred -- susan -- you know he name be Frank . valentine be he here ? susan you know I do not live with he . valentine go to he . go to he studio , or writer workshop or artist colony , esselin retreat , nudist camp -- susan be you finish ? valentine in a couple of day this whole thing -- susan who 's look for you ? valentine go now . encourage , if not in fact ushere , she towards a bedroom . susan it 's be five minute and I be pack to leave again . I can not believe this . valentine that 's right , you life be shit , and I be to blame . it 's that simple . that do it . Susan turn on he . susan it be that simple . I blame you for everything . lose inhibition and chick without bras do not have to lead to hardcore porno in every american household : that be you . the first on you block to turn on a camera in a hot tub and pedal it to you friend . a little recreational pot do not inevitably have to lead to the eventual devastation of the inner city : you make that happen , the first time you buy a bigger stash than you yourself mean to smoke . it happen when you make you first buck hype some so -called " event " that be over before it begin or markete some " product " whose only value be its instant disposability . you be the first person to see there be a lot of money to be make sell navajo rug -- you have even steal from the fuck Indians ! you look at Charlie Manson when all he have to show for himself be a guitar instead of a knife and see another merry prankster , the freedom of the frontier . you pal here -- ( avery ) -- he see gated community . Rich people come to he with they money , terrify of what people like you have leave of this society . why invest in a marriage and child when you have he ? he 's you oracle . but you could not even trust in friendship , could you ? still he 's the dog you call for its dinner . because everything that might once have be fun or nice or sweet you have to turn mean and cold and sour . that be you " genius , " Terry . have not you read you own press ? CUT . ext . motel . evening . Wilson and he friend pull in . get out of the car . stretch . elaine ( find herself at another shithole ) what be it , you just like the reassure smell of disinfectant ? Wilson just head for the motel office . Elaine and Ed follow a little distance behind . ed hey , Elaine . you even know what he 's say half the time ? elaine no , but I know what he mean . CUT . ext . deck . big sur house . night . adhara sway in a hammock . stare at Valentine . wanting to know what the hell be go on . Valentine stand smoking at the rail , look out over the dark sea . ignoring adhara . avery sit at a table . bodyguard visible inside the house . valentine ( finally , to avery ) do any of this guy cook ? CUT . ext . motel porch . evening . Wilson at the car . Elaine and Ed watch . Ed have gather that something have develop between Wilson and Elaine . the way she 's look at Wilson . ed ... remind I of Jennifer . elaine ( barely perceptible nod ) hard to miss . Ed sigh . awkward . ed I think maybe you just come for the ride . elaine I would rather be with he than without he . I do not want to be find dead in l.a . Wilson walk back to they . look at Ed as if to say , ready to go ? at she as if to say ... maybe farewell . ext . valentine house . night . tableau . even have descend . surface glisten from a light drizzle rain . int . valentine house , bedroom . night . adhara , dress . behind she , outside , way out of focus , a figure slither by . int . valentine house , live room . night . Valentine and avery sit watch tv ( celebrity report ! ) . Tom be behind they in the kitchen , flipping through < i> Marie Claire < / i> magazine . valentine turn to look through the slide glass door . he Pov Beyond the deck stand Larry , he back to we , face the ocean . ext . valentine house . back yard . night . look toward the house , Larry in the foreground , face we . he take a bite from a cinnamon granola bar , then look at it unhappily as he chew . larry fuck . ext . valentine house , another angle . night . look at the house from the top of the hill . Rick stand in the driveway next to Valentine 's car , smoking a cigarette . reverse angle Wilson and Ed watch he . Wilson nod he head to the leave , and Ed move in that direction . Wilson move quietly off to the right . int . valentine house . live room . night . Valentine and avery , still watch tv . valentine ( be : the channel ) check the news . avery start look around . avery where 's the remote ? suddenly , we hear a car alarm . Tom look up from he magazine . Valentine look to avery , who shake he head : it 's nothing . ext . big sur house . driveway . night . Rick turn and look up the driveway toward the sound . he put he cigarette out . ext . big sur house . back yard . night . Larry have turn toward the sound as well . through a partially obscure side entrance , he see Rick walk up the driveway . ext . big sur house . driveway . night . Rick walk away from we , toward the vehicle ( the land cruiser they drive here ) park up the driveway . we lose sight of he as he cross to the driver 's side . the alarm go off . we hold for several beat . he do not emerge . int . big sur house . live room . night . Valentine and avery be still look for the remote . avery stop , he attention draw to the fact that he have not hear anything from Larry . he cross to the window . he Pov the driveway , car at the top partially visible . no sign of Rick . avery his brow furrow . valentine notice this , look out toward the backyard . he Pov same as before , except Larry be not there . valentine move to the slide glass door to get a better look at the deck and back yard . still no Larry . valentine where 's Larry ? avery leave the window and move to Valentine . Tom have join they . after a beat : avery turn all the light out . I will get adhara . Tom begin look for the light switch . valentine what 's happen ? avery be already head for the bedroom . avery stay away from the window . ext . big sur house . back yard . night . tableau . avery exit the kitchen and take the surround porch to the bedroom . be we see this from someone 's Pov ? int . big sur house . bedroom . night . adhara , finish dress , look at herself in the mirror . the light behind she go off . she turn to see avery come toward she to turn off the light by the mirror . adhara uh , you have hear of knock ? avery I need you to come with I . adhara why , what -- he take she by the arm . firmly , but not roughly . avery please . she see in he expression that something be up . adhara okay . int . big sur house . live room . night . Tom and Valentine have finally find the light switch , and the room be dark . Valentine move slowly to the window , take a tentative peek . he Pov the driveway . hard to see . be there something move out by the shed ? avery ( off ) I think I say stay away from the window . avery enter the kitchen with adhara in tow . he bring she around behind the counter . avery everybody in the kitchen . Valentine and Tom move to join avery and adhara . avery behind the counter . everyone move behind the large counter in the center of the kitchen and crouch down . they have a wall behind they and all the window in front of they . adhara ( scared ) what 's go on ? avery and Tom have draw they gun . valentine we think someone be here . adhara we think ? valentine we can not find ... ( what be they name ? ) ... two of we guy . tom ( fuck typical ) Larry and Rick . adhara do somebody call the cop ? Tom snort . avery look at Valentine : have not you tell this girl anything ? valentine no . adhara why not ? valentine because -- avery because I be take care of it . adhara you guy be fuck nut , I be call -- she start to stand . Valentine pull she down . adhara hey . tom Mr. avery . avery look to Tom , who nod toward the back porch . there Pov a silhouett figure be tentatively make its way along the porch , try not to be see . we do not get a very clear glimpse . avery draw he gun and take aim . the figure careful not to become fully visible , but grow more courageous with each step . avery lock on he , wait . valentine put adhara 's hand to she ear . the figure we see a little more now than we have before . avery he see enough . squeeze off a series of shot , the muzzle flash strobing the kitchen area like a flashbulb , adhara and Valentine flinching . the figure hit. spin and collapse to the ground . avery lower he gun . turn to Tom . avery watch my back . avery move out from behind the counter and head for the body . ext . big sur house . back porch . night . avery make he way to the figure , which be on its stomach and writhe slightly . avery careful . take the gun and turn the body over . stacy stare up at he , choke on he last few breath . avery puzzle . what the hell be this guy do here ? he start feel around stacy 's jacket for anything useful , but be interrupt when he hand explode , accompany by the sound of a gunshot . he scream in pain . int . big sur house . kitchen . night . Valentine and adhara drop to the floor . Tom , gun raise and point , try to see who shot avery . ext . big sur house . back porch . night . avery be turn toward he assailant , but not fast enough . a shot ring out and part of he neck disappear in a blossom of blood . stun , he fall on he side , gasp . avery Pov uncle John . Close by , huddle by the lip of the cliff . he start to move cautiously toward avery and stacy . int . big sur house . kitchen . night . Tom squint , try to see . tom fuck . valentine what ? tom avery 's down . tom' Pov a piece of uncle John 's silhouette appear . tom fire at it . do not hit anything . tom fuck this . Tom jump up and run for the live room , fire he gun in front of he toward where he last see uncle John 's silhouette . live area Tom run through and reach the slide door to the back porch . a portion of the frame splinter from a gun shot as he gain access to the other side of the back porch . ext . big sur house . back porch . night . Tom be through the slide door and try to make he way around to the driveway . uncle JOHN crouched behind the opposite end of the porch , stick he head up . he Pov Tom crossing to the step , slip on the damp wood , try to right himself . uncle JOHN squeeze off two shot . tom be shot in the ankle as he be about to reach the step . he yelp in pain , try to raise he gun . uncle JOHN crouched down . a shot fly over he head . tom stop shoot . tries drag he shattered ankle to the step . uncle JOHN look over the edge of the porch . he Pov Tom turn toward the step . uncle JOHN fire at he . tom scream again as he elbow of he gun hand disintegrate . he slip on the first step and tumble down , the gun bounce beside he . uncle JOHN see this . stands up to cross the back porch . take a step forward but be stop by a bullet in the chest ( about the only clean shot anybody make ) . he look down at himself . uncle JOHN shit . he look up to see : avery near death . gun in he good hand . he squeeze the trigger again . uncle JOHN a small black hole appear in he cheek . he blink , begin to raise he hand to he face , and collapse . avery exhales and roll over . tom still try to get to he foot . he give up and just lie there , panting . a hand reaches for the gun beside Tom . tilt up with it to reveal : ed he put the gun in he jacket and slide away . int . big sur house . kitchen . night . Valentine and adhara be still stick behind the counter . Valentine see the shadowy shape of Ed slip behind the back porch . valentine decide to make a run for it , follow Tom 's route , away from Ed . adhara where be you go ? live room Valentine run to the slide door , smack into : wilson stand there . wet. mad . he grab Valentine by the shirt and push he back into the room . valentine bounce off the couch and onto the floor . wilson come toward he . valentine grab a lamp off a end table and hurl it at Wilson . it careen off Wilson 's arm and shatter . wilson be almost on he now . valentine tries to scramble away . throw anything he can get he hand on at . wilson who keep come . he grab Valentine , pull he up , then throw he into the television . valentine crashes into the tv face first and bounce to the floor . wilson go to he , grab he by the neck with one hand and pull out he gun with the other . he seem about to speak when suddenly he scream instead . wilson aaaagggghhhh ! adhara have just stick a kitchen knife into Wilson 's back . wilson turn instinctively and whip the pistol around , smash adhara in the mouth . adhara Hit the ground . she will not be retaliating . wilson in agony , spin , try to reach the knife in he back , but it's just beyond he reach . valentine scramble through the slide glass door . ext . big sur house . back porch . night . Valentine stumble out . notice avery slump on the deck , mortally wounded . go to he -- as if concerned -- but actually just to take the gun . then run off the porch toward the step that lead down to the sea . wilson come out after he , the knife still in he back . so intent on catch Valentine he fail at first to notice avery lie in the shadow . avery have just barely manage to reach stacy 's pistol . raise it weakly . point it at Wilson . wilson seem to feel it . turn . lock eye with avery . avery could already have shot he . but there 's a momentary sense of recognition : both of they just foot soldier for fat cat -- and avery 's be not worth save . avery lower the gun . nod in the direction Valentine go . avery ... that way ... Wilson move on . avery just lie there , presumably to die . ext . big sur house . step . night . Valentine hurry down the rickety step . try not to slip in the darkness , though there be tiny malibu light illuminate the steep and wind wooden framework . ext . beach . night . a rocky cove . Valentine look back up the way he come , hearing the footstep come down after he . back away a few pace on the slippery rock . Falls . land on the crumpled , dead body of larry , the bodyguard , who be throw off the cliff . Valentine recoil . when Wilson appear , Valentine fire at he . a wild shot that only make Wilson duck momentarily . Valentine scramble to he foot , run on . wilson jump down from the step . stop for a moment and lean he back against the railing . bend at the knee slightly . the knife the handle be force upward just enough to be reachable now . wilson grimace , pull the knife out and discard it . further down the beach Valentine run . or try to . it 's dark and the ground be treacherous . the beach run out pretty soon . now just rock . maybe he think he could get around the rock on the point at the other end . but he can not see very far ahead . and the tide be in , water make any escape extremely difficult . he try to scramble over some rock . they be wet , slippery . he fall , cry out as he literally break a ankle . wilson a dark figure . come into focus . walk inexorably this way . valentine painfully rights himself . a small bone protrude from he break ankle . he fire at Wilson , gun in one hand , other hand grip he wrist to try and steady it . do he best to aim . but the shot miss they mark . wilson steadily come . valentine out of bullet now . gun clicking crazily on empty . he simply drop it . wilson now stand before he . the two of they both breathe hard . wilson tell I . this be not what Valentine expect . valentine what . wilson tell I . valentine tell you ... wilson about Jenny . ( closer ) tell I about Jenny . ( closer ) about the deal . whatever fuck deal you have to kill my daughter for when she find out about it , you bastard . Wilson drop to the ground too , in a passionate fury , start strangling Valentine . wilson tell I . tell I about it , you fuck bastard . ease up just enough for Valentine to sputter out a response . valentine she could have have the deal ! I would have hand it to she if she want . I would have give she everything . wilson why then . why do you do it ! they be lock in a kind of embrace . spray by the wave crash into the rock . sweating and gasp and exhaust and hurt and furious . valentine she do not want to share it , she want to stop it . to stop I . she say she would turn I in . wilson shock of recognition on he face . at that word . valentine she say , " you go ahead with this , I will turn you in , Terry . " Wilson sit back . pant . totally spend . the two of they . both on the ground now . whatever energy they have leave drain -- Valentine from he confession , Wilson from hearing it . Valentine shaking , sobbing . still not realize the pathetic folly of he action . valentine she be serious . she would have do it . she have the phone in she hand . she be go to do it . wilson know that the girl he love ... love Valentine , too . have hear the truth , the last vestige of revenge have vanish . he get up and walk away . leave the quivering shell of Valentine behind . CUT . int . big sur house . live room . night . adhara wake up . Hand to she smashed cheek and mouth . but it 's not she hand . it 's Valentine 's . she sort of shuffles away from he along the floor . sit against a wall hold she face . Valentine sit back against a opposite wall . they stare at each other . CUT . int . plane . day . Wilson , lose in think . accept a drink from a flight attendant . we can see it pain he to reach for it . wilson ta. after set the glass down , he other hand go to the shoulder where he stab wound be no doubt only temporarily deal with . < i>flash cut : wilson . at the roadside hotel , grimace . elaine . Cleaning he wound . </ i> Wilson rub he shoulder . the american lady in the seat beside he hear the way he say thanks to the Flight attendant . lady you be English . a small beat ( which he take each time he respond ) . wilson yeah , that 's right . lady I can never decide what I like better . leave home , or come back . wilson take this in . < i>flash cut : wilson . shave in the mirror at he L.A. motel . he stop . wilson . in the car leave Valentine 's house . finger the picture of Jenny . </ i> wilson I would have prefer stay home , I . lady you be a reluctant traveller , then . Wilson nod . < i>flash cut : wilson . in the car with Elaine and Ed , drive back from Big sur . everyone in they own world . wilson . at Ed 's house . say goodbye . wilson and ed . shake hand . ed . watch he get into Elaine 's car . </ i> wilson get call out to L.A. , unexpected like , to do a job of work . < i>flash cut : wilson . at the airport , stare at Elaine . elaine . stare back . wilson and elaine . she embrace he . elaine . she watch he leave . wilson . disappear into the terminal . </ i> lady you will be look forward to get back , then . wilson yeah . another little matter need attend to soon as I return . lady no rest for the wick . Wilson nod , exhales . < i>flash CUT : wilson . in the cab on the way to Ed 's , at the beginning of the film . watch the light go by . </ i> wilson be away a lot . lady where else ? long beat . he actually turn to look at she now . take she in , then look forward again . wilson out on a oil rig . in the North Sea . nine year . lady nine year ? ( laugh ) be that legal ? wilson well , time off for good behavior , you know . I should not have even be there -- it be this other bloke who shoulda go in my place . I get lumber with the job they be responsible for . I do not mind pull I own cart , but not someone else 's , know what I mean . lady but you stick it out , anyway , all that time . wilson I have to , do not i. nothing else for it . then just when I would finish my nine year -- my contract -- wallop , I have to bugger off to the States . lady ( reacting slightly to he " colorful " language ) sound like you need a rest . wilson could do , yeah . another beat . wilson but first I gotta give this lad a talk to , this geezer what send I up the river , in a manner of speak . lady the one whose burden you take upon you own shoulder . wilson yeah . and he turn away , to the window . look at the blue sky . sip he drink . then , hard : wilson they next . CUT to black . the end .