the ugly truth screenplay / revision by Nicole eastman tracey Jackson Peter hume David diamond &amp ; David weissman Roger kumble current revision by Karen mccullah lutz &amp ; kirsten Smith February 14 , 2008 1 int . kphx tv - lobby - day 1 ABBY richter , 30' , pretty , drive and absolutely in control , walk through the lobby , greeting the security guard . ABBY Morning , freddy . security guard Morning , Abby . another peaceful day ? ABBY if you say so ... 2 int . kphx - corridor - morning - moment later 2 joy , 40' , the associate producer , fall in step with Abby . joy ( panicked ) we have get problem . ABBY there be no problem , Joy . only solution . joy the sky -cam on the traffic copter have a crack lens and they can not fix it . ABBY okay , that 's a problem . ( think , then ... ) call Matt hardwick down at media service . he 's get a few Sky cam and he owe I . now , where be my weatherman ? Joy open a door to a wait area . 3 int . kphx - waiting area - morning - continuous 3 several portly latino men look up and wave at Abby . latino men hey there ! ABBY hi , guy ! Abby wave back and close the door . ( continued ) 2 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 3 continued : 3 ABBY what 's with the pot belly ? joy Research show people like fat weatherman . it make they feel safe . ABBY I like the one in the green and the one in the brown , but I want to see the one in the green with less sideburn and the one in the brown with more , then I will make my decision . larry ( o.s. ) Abby ! larry , 50' , the pompous , uptight anchor man , catch up to they . he wear a makeup bib . ABBY Morning , Larry . larry I be sorry to do this to you , Abby , but I do not think I can work with she anymore . it 's bad enough I have to take she criticism at home . I can not do it on air , too . a man can only take so much . Abby nod , take he seriously , but you can tell she 's do this before . ABBY you be not a man , Larry ... ( off he look ) you be a newsman . a newsman be not define by the easy time , Larry , he 's define by the difficult one . can you imagine Ted koppel or Chris hansen or Anderson Cooper have they wife as co-anchor ? Hell , no , because they could not handle it . but you can . you have get ball the size of volkswagen . do not think I have not notice . ( continued ) 3. ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 3 continued : ( 2 ) 3 larry ( be he ball ) I have only think of they as blue as of late , but you be right . they be quite sizeable . but not disproportionately so . ( with pride ) I like to think of they as aesthetically pleasing -- Abby step away , not want to ponder Larry 's ball anymore than she have to . ABBY I think I have make my point . Larry nod , appease , as she reach the door mark ABBY richter , producer , " albuquerque a.m . " she enter and ... 4 int . kphx - abby' office - continuous 4 ... walk in on a shouting match between josh , a leftist angry news writer , and dori , the entertainment - lean co-writer . dori josh , nobody in Sacramento give a * crap about tree in Alaska ! it 's not newsworthy . josh oh , but full coverage on David beckham 's new tattoo be vital ?! Larry 's wife and co-anchor , georgia , 40 and coiff to the gill , storm in , follow by the show 's guest chef . georgia he 's try to kill I ! he know I can not eat crab , I be allergic to it ! ( to the room ) do anyone see this ? be this a hive ? josh it look like syphilis to I . dori ( to josh ) see that ? you would not even know what syphilis look like if it be not for my story on Paris Hilton . ( continued ) 4. ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 4 continued : 4 guest chef ( to Abby ) she do not eat crab or beef or fish . she do not eat anything but chicken . you do not need a chef on this show . you need a box of McNuggets . everyone shout at each other . Abby calmly pull out a whistle , put it to she mouth and blows . 5 int . kphx - " SACRAMENTO am " set - morning 5 * cameras roll as the chef happily cook away on the set . Georgia and Larry taste sample of what he 's prepare . georgia I have to tell you , Bruce . this be the best Chicken Kiev I have ever taste . guest chef actually it 's duck Kiev . duck make a excellent alternative for chicken , Georgia . javier , the new fat weatherman , take a huge bite . javier can I take home the leftover ? they all laugh . larry when we return , we live skycam traffic update and more on David beckham 's hundred thousand dollar tattoo . georgia and what you can do to help preserve the ancient forest of Alaska -- and how it might help you albuquerque electric bill . 6 int . kphx - control room - morning 6 * Abby and Joy stand next to cliff , the show 's director . cliff go to commercial . ( to Abby ) I do not know how you do it . ( continued ) 5 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 6 6 continued : ABBY it 's just a matter of stare the chaos in the eye and show it who 's boss . Nice work , guy . she pat he on the back and head out of the control room . joy ( to Abby ) Stuart want to see you . he 's freaking out . ABBY ( worried ) that mean he get the number . 7 int . kphx - stuart office - day 7 Abby talk to stuart wardlow , 60' , kphx 's curmudgeonly general manager . stuart have you see the rating for yesterday ? we get beat by all the network show , plus a rerun of " who 's the boss " . the one where the vacuum break . ABBY it 's a temporary setback . this week we will do better . stuart the guy with the cable access show on Channel 83 do better . if we programe Jerry springer re-run , we would do a nine share at a quarter the price . Abby look worried . ABBY please tell I you be not think of kill the show . stuart I be not , but I can guarantee you that 's what the new management 's think . ABBY Stuart , " Sacramento am " be a award - * win news program . ( continued ) 6 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 7 continued : 7 stuart management do not listen to award . it listen to number . we be not a family - run station anymore , Abby . you be good at what you do , but you have get to get I some number . I have get two daughter in college and a son in beauty school . I do not know how much you know about vidal sassoon but that shit be not cheap . Abby nod . ABBY you can count on I , Stuart . 8 int . kphx - women' bathroom - day 8 * Abby and Joy stand at the sink . Abby compulsively floss * in front of the mirror . * ABBY I can not be let corporate management dictate the content of this show . this be my show . I control it . she rip out a extra two foot of floss . * ABBY ( cont would ) * I should cancel my date tonight and * make a list of idea for sweep . joy absolutely not . you should be out , observe humanity . humanity 's who watch we show . ABBY yeah , all 2.47 % of they . joy you have already reschedule on this guy three time . you cancel tonight and he 's go . he 's read more than a dozen book , he have a 401k and he 's cute . she hold up she clipboard , which have the guy 's e-harmony profile and photo . ( continued ) 7. ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 8 continued : 8 joy ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) look at this bone structure . this could be the bone structure of you future child . do not you want they to be symmetrical ? Abby stop floss and look at Joy . * ABBY you print he profile ? joy what ? I be marry . I live vicariously through you dating life . and I really think that this could be we next boyfriend . c'mon , he have nine out of ten item on you checklist . ABBY well , technically eight and a half . he say he could cook , but when I press he , he be completely unfamiliar with cumin . do not you think that 's a little suspicious ? off Joy 's look , we CUT to ... 9 ext . upscale restaurant - night 9 Sacramento 's nicest restaurant . diner enter and exit . * 10 int . upscale restaurant - foyer - night 10 Abby approach the female hostess , at she podium . ABBY hi. I be look for a guy with sandy brown hair , athletic build , and blue eye ... he 's 5'9 which -- I know what you be think -- it 's a little short , but he 's read the great gatsby twice , so we will just live with it , okay ? jim ( o.s. ) technically , I be 5'9 and 3/4 . she turn , mortify , to see jim , 30' and good-look . actually , he 's better look in person than in he photo . Abby gulp . ( continued ) 8. ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 10 continued : 10 jim ( cont would ) but I will read gatsby again if that make it any better . ABBY Jim -- hey . hi. hey . hostess shall I show you to you table ? Abby and a mildly perturb Jim follow , clearly not off to a banner start . 11 int . restaurant dine area - night 11 Abby and Jim sit at a table . Abby look around , tense . ABBY you know what ? this be not the best angle . we should get the table over there . then we both get a view , instead of one of we look at the busboy station . jim I be fine here . ABBY no , trust I . it will be better over there . he look at she like she 's crazy , as they get up and move . 12 antoher table - moment later 12 the waiter be now take they drink order . waiter can I get you some water for the table ? jim bottle of flat , please . ABBY you know , they have do study that show tap water be no different from bottled water . and they pass a law recently to have all restaurant filter they tap water . so , technically it 's not tap water . ( more ) ( continued ) 9 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 12 continued : 12 ABBY ( cont would ) it 's filter water , which be exactly what bottled water be , except you do not have to pay $ 7 for it . jim yeah , I still like the way it taste better . waiter can I get you any cocktail ? jim scotch on the rock . ABBY in you profile , you say you like red wine . jim I do , I just feel like have a scotch right now . she look disappointed , then pull out a piece of paper . ABBY ( be the paper ) be there anything else you change you mind about ? I mean , just so I can figure it into the overall picture . jim you print out my profile ? ABBY actually , my associate producer do . she like I to be prepare . not that I be ever not prepare . kudos on you comprehensive car insurance policy , by the way . jim that be not in my profile . ABBY no , but it be in you background check . ( off he look ; change the subject ) so ... tell I about yourself . ( continued ) 10 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 12 continued : ( 2 ) 12 jim well , what 's leave that you do not know ? ABBY good point . there 's a awkward silence between they . she pull out another piece of paper , and hand it to he . ABBY I print out some talk point for we just in case this happen . jim I take it it 's happen before ? ABBY no , but since you have nine out of ten of the necessary attribute on my checklist , I just want to make sure this go as smoothly as possible . as Jim process this , the waiter arrive with drink . jim thank you . he take a huge sip , relieved . Abby look at he . ABBY you realize the ice in that scotch be make from tap water , do not you ? he look at she , realize she 's a complete nightmare . 13 ext . restaurant parking lot - night 13 Jim and Abby walk to they car . Jim be walk faster than she be , try to get away . she trot along , try to keep up . ABBY next time we could go bowl . I notice online that you be the mid- rank amateur in the state . I mean , if there be a next time . I be not try to be presumptuous , but I be get a pretty good vibe here ... ( continued ) 11 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 13 continued : 13 Jim do not even consider refute this . he just want to leave . Abby reach into she purse and pull out -- * ABBY ( cont 'd ) * floss ? * jim uh , no thanks . it 's late . I * should go . he get into he car as she hand he he doggy bag . ABBY fyi , be sure to eat this by tomorrow . with curry , you can not smell if it 's go bad , so after three day , you should just toss it . really , do not even give it to a pet or anything . jim Three day . get it . Abby have officially lose control to the producer part of herself ... she know what she 's do , but can not stop herself . ABBY here , just to be sure , I will write today 's date on it for you . Abby take a pen out and write a date on the bag . jim ( annoyed ) it 's fine , really ... the bottom of the bag give out and a container of goopy leftover spill all over Jim 's lap . ABBY ( horrify ) I tell they to double bag this ! jim I be just gonna -- go . ABBY I be so sor -- Jim close the door , catch the hem of Abby 's wrap skirt . ABBY ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) wait , my -- ( continued ) 12. ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 13 continued : ( 2 ) 13 the car speed off -- ripping Abby 's skirt right off she as it race away . Abby be leave stand in she underwear . 14 int . abby' condo - night 14 Abby , still in she undy , trudge up the step . she open she front door . her calico cat d'artagnan , 9 , skeptical and easily annoyed , stare up at she . ABBY do not ask . 15 int . abby' condo - bathroom - night 15 Abby , now in pajamas , floss she tooth . she hear a noise come from she bedroom and look to see d'artagnan 's paw in the fish bowl , try to scoop up a goldfish . ABBY d'artagnan ! stop that ! Abby pick up the cat . ABBY ( cont 'd ) how many time do I have to tell you ? leave juliet alone . be not Romeo enough for you ? Abby pick up the remote , snap the tv on to " nightline " with Brian Williams . ABBY ( cont 'd ) now there 's a man . not some five foot nine scotch drinker who lie about cumin . she head into the bathroom . 16 int . abby' condo - bathroom - night 16 as Abby floss in front of the mirror ... 17 int . abby' condo - bedroom - same time - night 17 ... d' artagnan hiss at the tv and step on the remote control . on tv - the channel jump to a cable access show . mike alexander , 30' , handsome but not pretty , proudly dress in a outfit that cost less than fifty dollar , address the camera . ( continued ) 13. ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 17 continued : 17 mike you want the truth ! but you can not handle the truth . ` Cause it 's -- motley group Ugly ! the theme song for " the Ugly Truth " kick in over a series of past scene : Mike judo-kick a giant Oprah doll . several poster spelling the word " love " be destroy by Mike with a variety of weapon . the theme sequence end and cut to -- 18 int . channel 83 - stage - night 18 " the Ugly Truth " , live on air . the look of the show 's set be low -rent cable tv . mike I be Mike Alexander and we be back with the " the Ugly Truth . " tonight , as always , we be go to talk about what it be man and woman really want in relationship . I have be look through some book ... he hold up several book in he hand , read the title . mike ( cont 'd ) " smart woman foolish choice " , " woman who Love Men who hate they " , " hating Men who Love woman but hate love Men " ... he drop the book on the floor , pick up a can of gasoline and pour it on the book . mike ( cont 'd ) billion and billion of dollar waste on self - help psycho­babble . Mike light a match and toss it on the book , set they ablaze . then open up he jacket and take out a stick with a marshmallow . begins roasting the marshmallow on the flame . mike ( cont 'd ) now listen up , lady , cause I be only gonna say this once tonight and it 's just three little word . no , they be not " I love you . " here go ... men . be . simple . we can not be train . all this " Men be from venus " bullshit be a waste of you time and money . ( more ) ( continued ) 14 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 18 continued : 18 mike ( cont 'd ) you want to be a lonely hag , then keep read this stupid book . you want a relationship , here 's how you get one : it 's call a stairmaster . get on it and get skinny and get some trashy lingerie because at the end of the day , all we be interested in be look . no one fall in love with you personality at first sight , they fall in love with you tit and you ass . and they stick around because of what you be willing to do with they . you want to win a man over ? you do not need ten step . you need one . and it 's call a blow - job . Mike shove a burnt marshmallow into he mouth . mike ( cont 'd ) and do not forget to -- he mime swallow . 19 int . abby' condo - bedroom - night 19 we pan off the television to the bed , where Abby now watch , appal . ABBY oh my God . it 's that cable access jackass Stuart be talk about . 20 int . channel 83 - stage - night 20 Mike take a call . female caller ( o.s. ) how dare you burn that book ? they have help my personal life more than -- mike what 's you boyfriend 's name , princess ? female caller ( o.s. ) I be not see anyone right now but -- Mike hang up the phone . ( continued ) 15 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 20 continued : 20 mike my point exactly , shrek . next caller . 21 int . abby' apartment - night - continuous 21 Abby , now infuriate , pick up the phone and begin dial . we intercut between the stage and she apartment , as Mike continue he rant . mike Men do not fall in love . Men fall in " want . " we want thing . we be hunter and gatherer . we be the same as we be when we be cavemen and a gillion year of evolution have not do squat . trust I , there be a pamela Anderson of cave woman and all the cave guy be try to stick they dick in she . Mike walk over to a chalk board with the word " love " on it . he cross it out and write " lust . " mike ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) now girl , if you want to think lust be the same as love , that 's fine , but you be delusional . let 's take some more call . ( pick up the phone ) you be on the air . Abby be now on the phone . ABBY so you be say man be incapable of love ? mike do I burst you little harlequin romance bubble ? irritate , Abby begin to compulsively remake she bed . * ABBY the only thing you burst be you credibility . Men be absolutely capable of experience love . mike okay , I will bite . who 's the guy ? ( continued ) 16 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 21 continued : 21 ABBY what ? mike the guy , Mr. wonderful , the one who 's so capable of love . who be he ? what 's he like ? ABBY well , he 's not like you , that 's for sure . mike thank you very much . go on . ABBY he 's smart ... he 's handsome but do not know it ... ( enjoy the fantasy ) he 's successful , but in a job that mean something . he love red wine , classical music , cary grant movie ... mike this be a guy in America , right ? you be not call from Europe or anything . ABBY be you interested in listen or not ? mike no , please . I be loving this . ABBY he work out , not because he 's vain , because it 's healthy . he 's socially liberal but fiscally conservative . he like dog but he 's a cat person . he never get out of bed before you on a Sunday morning -- mike oh my god . you be a lesbian ! ABBY what ?! mike well , you be describe a woman . ( continued ) 17 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 21 continued : ( 2 ) 21 ABBY why be that quality so threaten to you ? perhaps because you complete lack of any one of they be the real reason why woman be not interested in you . at least woman of quality . Mike scoff , but he 's throw . he take a moment , then ... mike where be this guy ? I will give you one hundred dollar of my own money to bring he down here and let I meet he . ABBY oh , he 's out there ... somewhere . mike wait a second . you be not even dating this guy ?! ABBY well , no ... I be just describe a type ... I think that 's what we be do . mike you do not even know he ?!? Mike bowl over laughing . Abby realize she 's be have . mike ( cont 'd ) hold on ... whoa ... now I get the whole picture . you be a dog . ABBY Excuse I ? she rip the perfectly make bed apart and start over . * mike you hear I . you must be . if you be hot , you would be out break some poor schmuck 's heart instead of spend all you time fantasize about Mr. wonderful . face it , you be ugly ! ABBY I be not ugly ! ( continued ) 18. ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 21 continued : ( 3 ) 21 mike well , of course you do not think so . Ugly people never know they be ugly . it 's like people who have b.o . they never know it because they be surround by they own stench all the time . now Abby 's really fume . she snap a sheet violently . * ABBY that be the most ridic -- mike look , lemme help you out here . you might as well just face the fact that you be gonna be alone and stop pine away for some fantasy guy you be never go to get . get a hobby . build housing for the poor . anything . ABBY how could you possibly -- mike hey , lassie -- the show 's call " the Ugly Truth " . if you can not face it , do not call . ( switch gear ) well that about wrap it up for today . I be Mike Alexander remind you that the truth be never pretty . as he smile smugly , Abby scream and throws the phone across the room . d' artagnan , terrify , jump off the bed , which be * now in total disarray . * 22 int . kphx - conference room - day 22 Abby and Joy make they way into the conference room . dori and josh be already there . joy how do the date go ? ABBY I end up pantsless in a parking lot . joy that 's awesome ! ( continued ) 19 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 22 continued : 22 Stuart walk into the conference room . stuart Morning , everybody . he put a dvd in the player . stuart now before I play this , I have to warn you ... ( hit play ) ...he 's a little rough around the edge . on tv : Mike 's face appear . mike ( on t.v . ) face it , you be ugly ! abby' voice ( o.s. ) I be not ugly ! Joy look at Abby . joy be that you ? ABBY what ?! no ! mike ( on t.v . ) Ugly people never know they be ugly . it 's like people who have b.o . -- Abby grab the remote and turn off the t.v. ABBY why be we watch this ?! stuart one word . rating . say hello to we new guest commentator . I be start he with two segment a week . Three minute a pop . ABBY be you kid I ? josh who the hell be this guy ? ( continued ) 20 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 22 continued : ( 2 ) 22 stuart his name be Mike Alexander . ABBY and he 's a quintessential misogynist uber-moron who represent everything wrong with television and society at large ... dori I get crap every time I suggest we do something even remotely fluffy and now you be gonna put this douchebag on the air ? stuart he 's get a point of view . we do not have to like he , we be news people . we be objective . Stone Phillips interview terrorist , do not mean he like they . it 's good for rating . Abby hold up a piece of paper . ABBY I have get a whole list of idea on how to improve rating . we do not need he . Stuart take the memo , read it . stuart a live debate on immigration policy ? never work . ABBY what be you talk about ? albuquerque be 45 % latino . at this moment , mike walk in . Abby stare at he , appal . mike yeah , and as you can tell by all the scream rugrat in this town , latino guy like to have a lot of sex . which mean they would rather listen to I tell they how to bang hot chick than hear about why they can not bring grandma across the border . ( as they all stare at he ) ( more ) ( continued ) 21 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 22 continued : ( 3 ) 22 mike ( cont would ) sorry , I be eavesdropp out in the hall . stuart see , what do I tell you ? he 's great . mike thanks , boss . Abby spin to face Stuart . ABBY you already hire he ?! mike ( be Abby ) who 's this delightful creature ? ABBY you superior . mike mmm ... I like a woman on top . 23 int . abby' office - day - moment later 23 Abby be pace , clearly on the verge of hysteria . ABBY ( chant ) I be a award - win news producer . I be a award - win news producer ... a knock . then the door open and Mike appear . mike hey , no hard feeling , right ? ABBY you do not even knock ? mike I knock . I get no response . ABBY so , essentially you knock be negate by you complete lack of adherence to the social etiquette of what follow a knock . ( continued ) 22. ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 23 continued : 23 mike wow . you be wound like a fuckin' top . Abby glare at he . ABBY woof woof . recognize the bark ? he stare at she , surprised . mike ( then ; realize ) hey , what do you know ? you be not ugly at all . ABBY imagine my relief . mike you know , if it be not for you , I would have never get this gig . you and I make good tv . ABBY I be sorry , what channel be you show on ? mike eighty three . ABBY this be channel two . you do know that the lower number be better , right ? more people watch . so do not tell I that " you and I " make good tv . I be a award - win news producer . I make good tv . you make imbecilic trash watch by housebound inbred who be so busy put they hand down they pants they be unable to change the channel . mike I have not really be picture you that way , but thanks for the image . ABBY let I tell you something . I be not one of you viewer . my cat step on the remote . ( continued ) 23. ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 23 continued : ( 2 ) 23 mike thank you pussy for I , then . Abby gag as she push past he and walk out . 24 int . kphx - hallway - day 24 Abby stride down the hall with Georgia and Larry . ABBY there be no way Mike Alexander be go to stay on my show . I want you to skewer he . make he look like a complete idiot . not that it will be hard . the man be a moron of unseen proportion . georgia ( be Larry ) that 's just what we need on this show . larry do anyone think my highlight be too shiny ? ABBY Larry , listen to I . I want Mike Alexander to go down in flame . I want Mike Alexander to be nothing but a pile of ash on the seat next to you . I want the janitor to come in with he dustbuster and vacuum up the ash of Mike Alexander , and then when he throw the ash into the dumpster outside , I want the rat to vomit and then defecate on the ash of Mike Alexander . she stride off . Larry look at Georgia . larry and I think you be angry and bitter . georgia uh , no , that would be my untouched vagina . 25 int . kphx - SACRAMENTO am set - day 25 * cameras roll as Larry and Georgia sit at the anchor desk . ( continued ) 24 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 25 continued : 25 georgia for year , there have be concern about lowering television standard . but many believe that this man and he local public access show , " the Ugly Truth , " have bring thing to a new low . with that , we welcome Mike Alexander . Mike give a cocky wave . mike how ya do , guy ? larry Mike , how do you respond to that who say you show be offensive ? mike it be ... but then again , so be the truth . georgia the truth about what , Mr. Alexander ? mike what relationship be really like . 26 int . kphx - control room - day 26 Abby and the control room crew watch the proceedings . cliff man the bank of monitor . mike take marriage for instance . it 's about mutual benefit , social pressure , and tax . it 's not about love and we should stop pretend it be . we intercut with Georgia , Larry , and Mike on set . ABBY c'mon Georgia , let he have it . georgia sound to I like no one 's ever love you and you be take it out on the female population . in the control room , Abby smirk . ( continued ) 25 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 26 continued : 26 ABBY ooh , good one . mike well , while we be make observation , you two project this image of the perfect couple , when clearly , it 's a lie . larry Excuse I ? Abby nervously gnaw on the straw from she kombucha drink . * ABBY ( nervous ) cliff , let 's go to commercial . cliff Stuart tell I to keep roll , no matter what . ABBY what ? when ? cliff shrug . Abby be piss . ABBY this be my show . cliff not right now it be not . on the set , Mike continue he vivisection of Larry and Georgia . mike I mean , come on Larry , I grow up watch you on tv . you use to be this cool confident cat . Georgia 's no dumb bunny . she know the only way she be get off the weekend shift be by hook up with you . but then lo and behold , she become more popular than you and end up with twice you salary . ABBY c'mon , Larry . take he down . she start twist she straw into shape , as -- * ( continued ) 26 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 26 continued : ( 2 ) 26 larry I be proud of my wife 's success . mike bullllloney you be . you hate she success . you feel emasculate by she and that screw with you head which inevitably screw with you manhood . georgia what 's you point , Mr. Alexander ? ABBY good girl , Georgia . take control . mike my point ? my point be that you husband have not have sex with you in ... I be gonna say . . . three month ? larry that 's not my fault ! mike I know , it 's she fault ! georgia why be it my fault ?! in the control room , Abby look like she 's go to pass out . ABBY oh , dear God . georgia well , what be I suppose to do , give up the money , so he can get a erection ? mike I agree . you have economically emasculate you husband to such a point that he 's afraid to desire you . sure , you can dump he ass , but honey , have you see the eligible man in albuquerque ? it 's slim picking out there for a woman in she forty . you be not go to do any better than Larry . you just have to let he be a man . let he be a man , georgia ! ( more ) ( continued ) 27 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 26 continued : ( 3 ) 26 mike ( cont would ) ( to Larry ) and you , frowny mcflacid , give it to she . now ! Larry grab Georgia and kiss she hard . after a moment of resistance , she melt into he arm . the crew go crazy . Larry throw Georgia over he back and haul she off the set . Abby sink down into a chair . * cliff and we be out . he cut to black . 27 int . kphx - abby' office - day 27 it 's pitch black . suddenly a closet door be open . Joy and Stuart stand in the doorway . joy found she . Abby be sit in a ball in she closet . stuart one thousand , one hundred and forty - seven call and over three hundred e-mail . and fifty - three percent of they be woman . this guy 's a lighten rod ! ABBY ( confuse ) people like he ?! stuart like he ? they love he . ABBY how be that possible ? stuart I do not know , but I be scale back the news and give it to " the Ugly Truth . " corporate want five minute of Mike Alexander , five day a week . ABBY Stuart , I really think this be a mistake -- ( continued ) 28 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 27 continued : 27 stuart just keep he happy and both of we contract will be renew . Stuart leave . Joy turn back to Abby . joy congratulation ? Abby close the closet door on herself . 28 int . apartment build - hallway - day 28 * Mike enter he apartment , throw he key on the counter and hit play on he answer machine . girl voice ( v.o . ) hey , Mike , it 's Valerie . I have not hear from you in a while . but I just see you on tv . you be great ! he push skip . 2 nd girl voice ( v.o . ) Mike , hi , it 's ginevra , I be have a party -- skip . 3rd girl voice ( v.o . ) why have not you call I ? I miss you . it 's Laura , by the way . remember ? we go to the track ? mike remember ? how could I forget ? you throw up in my car . jonah , 14 , awkward , Mike 's nephew , walk in . jonah dude , you totally hose I ! mike what ? jonah last week on you show , you say you should always be mean to hot girl because they will want you more . I try it today , she cry , and then I get detention . ( continued ) 29 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 28 continued : 28 mike first of all - do not listen to what I say on my show . second of all , you be suppose to do that to 25 - year - old girl who think they be hot and can get any guy they want . not 14 - year- old girl . they be go through puberty . they have enough problem . jonah Mom say when she be fourteen , she be the prettiest girl in the class . mike well , I be there when she be fourteen and let I tell you something -- she lie . Mike 's sister , elizabeth , 40' , walk in , wear a nurse 's uniform and hold a cake box . elizabeth do not listen to you uncle Mike , he be blind from masturbate too much . mike oh , that 's a nice thing to tell you son -- elizabeth it 's nothing worse than what he 's hear on you show . she hand he the cake box . elizabeth let 's hope you can clean it up now that you be on a network . congrat . she give he a kiss on the cheek . he grin . mike thanks . he open the box . mike ( read the cake ) " happy 85th birthday , harold " ? ( continued ) 30 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 28 continued : ( 2 ) 28 elizabeth sorry , I do not have time to bake one . I take it from work . harold do not quite make it through the big day . mike ( be the cake ) look like he get to blow out he candle . elizabeth ( be the candle ) what do you think do he in ? he close the box . mike who want to go out and eat ? 29 ext . joy's backyard - day / dusk 29 * Abby and Joy lie in lawn chair , drink margaritas as Joy 's * husband , ken , barbecue shrimp kebob nearby . * ABBY * ( tipsy ) * I be just go to keep drink * until my mind blot out any memory * of Mike Alexander . * joy * I do not know if I have that much * tequila . * ABBY * maybe I should eat the worm . * Ken look over . * ken * be Mike Alexander the guy you go * on the date with ? * ABBY * no , that be a different source of * humiliation , but thank you for * remind I . * ken * I still do not understand why you * do not just marry Bill . he be a * good guy . * ( continued ) 31 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 29 continued : 29 ABBY * yeah ...he be . but he also have * navy blue sheet and bath towel * with tassel . he play computer * game on he phone . he wear open - * to shoe . sometimes with sock . * and he mother call he " bucky " . * joy * plus , he suck in bed . * ABBY * yes , there be that -- * ( then ) * wait , why be we share this with * Ken ? * joy * I tell he everything . * ken * ( to Abby ) * by the way , I think it be * hilarious when you ask that one * guy for a toxicology report . * ABBY * what ? he be expose to asbestos ! * Joy give she a look . Abby sigh , realize the extent of * she neurosis . * ABBY * give I the freaking worm . * 30 int . kphx - SACRAMENTO am set - day 30 * Mike 's goof with the pretty makeup girl , as Abby walk up to give he some last minute tip . ABBY keep it clean , keep it move , and stick to the script . you be on a live affiliate network news program . you do not have the luxury of use the word " blow " and " job " in the same sentence . if you say anything scatological , you be fire . ( continued ) 32 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 30 continued : 30 mike really ? because I think you be gonna get fire if you do not keep I happy . ( lean closer ) I have get a list of demand to go over after the show . and let I just warn you -- they be gonna be scatological . she fume , jabbing the earpiece in he ear . mike ( cont 'd ) just because you look pretty today , I will not mention the misguide phallic rage you just display . ABBY ( be Mike 's ear piece ) if you hear my voice in you ear , do what I say . mike promise you will talk dirty ? Mike be cut off by cliff in the booth . cliff ( o.s. ) and camera one . action Mike . Abby slip out of frame just in time . Mike look to the camera . mike I be Mike Alexander and this be " the Ugly Truth , " where we will be take a few minute every day to talk about man , woman and relationship . let 's start with man . Men be simple . to illustrate my point -- on my leave we have the best we world have to offer . he cross to -- a candle - lit table with a fancy dinner place in the center . several book rest beside it . beside the table , a man play violin . mike ( cont 'd ) you have a gourmet meal , fine wine , classical music and great literature . he pick up a copy of " Ulysses " from the table . ( continued ) 33. ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 30 continued : ( 2 ) 30 mike ( cont 'd ) now , if you will follow I we have something quite different ... he start to walk off the set . 31 int . kphx - control room - day - same time 31 now in the control room , Abby panic . cliff * where the hell be he go ?! ABBY * follow he ! 32 ext . kphx - alley - day - continuous 32 ... Mike exit the stage door and walk into the alley , follow by the confuse camera crew . mike ah , I see you lady have start without I . he smile at two blonde twins in bikinis , who wrestle in a kiddie pool of jello . we intercut with the control room . ABBY who let they on the lot ? do not we have security ? in the alley , a security guard watch the girl , smitten . Mike smile to the camera . mike babe wrestle in jello . let 's just take a quick survey and see which option the man out there would pick . ABBY do we have phone line ? open they ! * mike Beethoven , stuff pheasant and * James Joyce -- or semi-naked chick frolick in strawberry - flavor goo . ( continued ) 34 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 32 continued : 32 as Abby look horrify , the phone in the control room start ringing off the hook . realizing she defeat , Abby sigh . ABBY Jesus , if we be gonna do this , we might as well milk it . ( then ; into headset ) two , go wide ! good . ready , one -- tight on he hand ! Abby grab the microphone for Mike 's ear piece ... ABBY lick the jello off she finger ! on the monitor -- a slightly puzzle look from Mike , but he lift the girl 's finger and lick the jello off it . ABBY ( comt 'd ) ( into headset ) go one ! the camera focus tightly on he face . mike mmmm ... I be wrong . it 's cherry . and that 's the ugly truth . over to you , Georgia . as Mike wave to camera , he 's pull into the jello pool and the girl rip off he shirt . 33 int . kphx " SACRAMENTO am " - day 33 * Mike walk in , cover in jello , to find Abby stand there , arm cross , quietly contain she rage . ABBY you realize I once have the archbishop desmond tutu on this show . mike who 's that ? Abby rub she temple . ABBY I can not even illustrate how far I have fall , because you be not smart enough to get the reference . she walk off . confused by she reaction , he follow . ( continued ) 35 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 33 continued : 33 mike c'mon , we be a good team back there . you be the one who tell I to lick the jello . ABBY do you have any idea how much I hate myself for that ?! it be cheap titillation . I be now go to broadcasting hell right behind geraldo and the naked weather girl from Canada . mike seriously ? there 's a naked weather girl ? can we get she ? 34 int . kphx - " SACRAMENTO am " set - day 34 * close on Stuart , wear a grave expression . * stuart * ( into camera ) * you have get to do it for rating , * Abby . we have no choice . * Abby nod , uncomfortable . we pull back to reveal that she 's * now the naked weather girl , sit behind the anchor desk . * strategically place cardboard sun and cloud cover she * bosom . * traumatize , she read off the teleprompter . * ABBY * " today , it will be partly * sunny ... with a cloud cover move * in from my leave breast ... " * seat next to she , brian william shake he head , * disappointed . * brian william * oh , Abby ... * there 's a crash and we CUT to -- * 35 int . abby' condo - night 35 * on the sofa , Abby bolt awake from she nightmare , see * juliet 's fish BOWL lie in shattered piece on the floor . * ABBY juliet -- * ( continued ) 36 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 35 continued : 35 she leap up , then see the cat lick he chop . * ABBY ( cont 'd ) murderer . d'artagnan bolt out the front door . * ABBY dammit ! * 36 ext . condo complex - night 36 Abby run through the grounds of the complex look ±or d`artagnan . ABBY here , kitty kitty .... she spot he hide under a U -haul , and slowly creep towards he . ABBY ( cont 'd ) it 's okay , baby . I be not mad . I mean , yes , I be somewhat angry -- * but I be repress it ... * a car speed past , honk obnoxiously at Abby . the cat race away , then climb up a large tree beside one of the condo . Abby sigh and follow . ABBY really ? this be how I get to spend my evening ? 37 ext . colin' condo - night 37 Abby look up the tree to see d'artagnan perch on a branch above . he meow . ABBY it 's okay , baby . just stay there . Abby jump up , grab a branch and start to climb . ABBY ( cont 'd ) almost there . Abby start climb higher , testing branch as she go . finally she reach the branch he 's on . ABBY ( cont 'd ) you be gonna be okay . come on . ( continued ) 37 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 37 continued : 37 Abby grab a branch overhead and scoot down the limb . she reach out , pick up the cat and cradle he . ABBY ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . I have get you . d'artagnan safely in hand , she look around and notice she 's just outside a window . she look in and see -- a handsome man in a steamy bathroom take a shower . this be colin anderson . ABBY ( cont 'd ) oh , my . Abby cover the cat 's eye , then look away . but a moment later , she 's look back in the window , to see -- Colin step out of the shower . Abby take a deep breath as he cross to the mirror , give she a look at he abs . ABBY ( cont 'd ) oh , my , my ... Abby lean closer to see Colin start floss , wear only a towel . ABBY ( cont 'd ) ( a delighted gasp ) he floss ... suddenly we hear a crack , and the branch break . Colin look out the window and make eye contact with Abby just as -- ABBY ( cont 'd ) ahhhh ! d'artagnan leap to another branch as Abby fall . as she plummet , she foot get catch between some branch , leave she now hanging upside down . ABBY ( cont 'd ) help ! the front light switch on and Colin , still in a towel , race out of he condo . as he run up to the tree -- colin just stay calm . you be gonna be fine . the branch break . ( continued ) 38 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 37 continued : ( 2 ) 37 ABBY ahhh !!! Abby fall to the ground but -- Colin catch she . but only for a moment . she drop out of he arm and onto the ground . as she go , he towel goe with her . landing on she face . colin whoops . she pull the towel away and look up , try not to make eye contact with the one - eye trouser snake stare back at she . ABBY hi , I be Abby . 38 int . mike' apartment - day 38 Mike play poker with he buddy : dwayne ( 30' , chubby ) , steve ( 30' , latino ) , and gary ( 30' , bespectacle ) . while Mike try to concentrate on the game , but the guy be more interested in read he fan mail . dwayne ( read ) " dear Mike , I know I be the girl who can change you and make you fall in love . here 's a photo of I and my iguana . " Steve look at the photo . steve I think iguanas only like dry place . he pass it to Gary . gary we might need to call animal control on this one . mike guy , enough with the fan mail . steve what ? you do not want to add she into you rotation ? ( continued ) 39 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 38 continued : 38 mike uh , no . dwayne what about the tranny ? he seem nice . gary and he go to all the trouble to knit you that cock -sock . Mike roll he eye and deal the card . mike can we just play poker ? 39 int . colin' condo - night 39 unpacked box be stack everywhere . classical music play on the stereo . Colin , now in sweat and a t-shirt , examine Abby 's ankle . ABBY ( impressed ) you be a doctor ? colin a orthopedic surgeon . she glance around the room and see a bottle of red wine and a half empty wine glass sit on a table . colin I do a lot of leg and hip stuff but I do get the occasional foot . you seem to be fine . no sprain . ABBY well , I guess I be pretty lucky d'artagnan pick you tree to climb . Dave in the next unit over sell lawn furniture . I do not know that I would have be as confident with he diagnosis . colin I be here whenever you need I . Abby put on she shoe as Colin open he wallet and hand she a card . ( continued ) 40 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 39 continued : 39 colin ( cont 'd ) my home number 's on the back . if the ankle start give you problem , just give I a call . Colin pick up the cat , who start purring . ABBY wow , he do not usually like man . colin dog be great , but ... well , you be a cat person . you know . Abby look at he , nodd . delighted at he complete and utter perfection . ABBY well , I guess I should get go now . she remain roote to she spot . he wait a beat then , feel awkward , make a move to open the door . ABBY ( cont 'd ) thanks again for save I . colin any time . she walk out and Colin close the door . realizing that he still have the cat in he arm , he open the door to find -- Abby do a spazzy happy dance . startle , she quickly compose herself . colin ( cont 'd ) you forget you cat . ABBY ( be the dance ) oh. thanks . there be a -- spider . on I . but it 's go now . he chuckle , hand she d'artagnan . colin good night . he close the door . 41 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 40 ext . colin' condo - night - continuous 40 Abby hate herself . ABBY I be such a idiot -- she start do a self - hate spazzy dance , mock she previous dance . just as Colin open the door again -- colin you alright ? she freeze . ABBY yes . I be go now . good night . she walk off , try to maintain she dignity . 41 int . kphx - hallway - day 41 * Abby and Joy walk down the hall towards the set . * ABBY * you should see he . he 's perfect . * joy * symmetrical ? * ABBY * you have no idea . * joy * well , how do you leave it ? do he * ask for you number ? * ABBY * no , but he give I he . what do I * do ? should I call ? and if I do , * what would I say ? * Joy look a little overwhelm . they walk onto the set , * where -- * 42 int . kphx - SACRAMENTO am set - day - continuous 42 * Mike face the camera , finish up he segment . * mike if you want a woman to keep sleep with you there be certain thing you never say . ( more ) ( continued ) 42 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 42 continued : 42 mike ( cont would ) for instance , " Hell no , I do not want to meet you family . " or " how hard be it to lose ten pound ? " " I have to take a dump , I will call you back . " and here 's one that 's sink a lot of perfectly good sexual relationship : " Marriage ? I be just hang out with you until I meet someone better . " guy , use you big head to help you little head . in other word , lie . and that 's the ugly truth . as they watch , Abby turn to Joy . * ABBY * you promise I the worm would make * he go away . * as Abby shake she head in disgust , a p.a. walk up and hand * she a sheet of paper . p.a. * yesterday 's rating . Abby and Joy study they . * ABBY I should be happy about this , should not I ? joy ( read the rating ) * uh , yeah , you have never get a twelve share before . ABBY I feel so dirty . Mike approach they . mike you hear about the rating ? * ABBY yes ... * mike and do you hear corporate 's come next week to take I to dinner ? * ( continued ) 43. ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 42 continued : ( 2 ) 42 ABBY I hope you can chew with you mouth close . she turn and walk off . mike what 's up with she ? joy she 's spiraling lower and lower into a morass of self - loathing and intense hatred for you . mike yeah , I pick up on that . 43 int . kphx - corridor - day - moment later 43 Abby walk down the corridor . she turn the corner and come face to face with Mike . mike why do you hate my gut ? ABBY you innard be of no consequence to I . I hate what you represent . mike you hate the truth ? ABBY you skew perception of male - female interaction be not " the truth " . mike but you imaginary boyfriend 's the truth ? ABBY for you information , I happen to meet he last night . mike I really hope he 's real this time , because otherwise this be just sad . ABBY oh , he 's very real . not to mention stunningly handsome and morally sound . his name 's Colin . ( more ) ( continued ) 44 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 43 continued : 43 ABBY ( cont would ) he 's a doctor . a orthopedic surgeon , actually . mike you know what that mean ? ABBY what ? mike he have to stick he finger up some guy 's butt in medical school . ABBY you disgust I . 44 int . abby' office - day - continuous 44 Abby enter she office . Mike follow she . mike so , do butt - boy ask you out ? ABBY not exactly . we be take thing slow -- get to know each other first . ( then ) why be I talk about this with you ? mike you be the one who bring it up . ABBY Dr. Anderson be everything that you could never be . in fact .... Abby take Colin 's card from she wallet , dial a number , then -- ABBY ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) hi , this be Abby richter call for Dr. Anderson . yes , I will hold . mike you be call the guy ?! you can not do that . you have gotta let he call you . ( continued ) 45 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 44 continued : 44 ABBY please . it 's the twenty - first century ... Abby shoot Mike a snide grin . ABBY ( cont 'd ) hi Colin . this be Abby . you neighbor . from last night . 45 int . colin' office - day 45 Colin , in a white doctor 's jacket , talk on the phone while go over patient file . colin oh , hi . everything okay ? we intercut . ABBY could not be better . I just want to call and tell you how much I enjoy meeting you . Mike pick up the extension and listen in . Abby glare at he , but she can not stop he . colin oh , thanks . ABBY so ... I be just think that we should have dinner . colin ( not great ) oh ... great . Mike shake he head , know where this be go . ABBY there 's this new french Bistro that get fantastic review and there 's a gallery open in Old town on Friday . so , if you want , we could have dinner , then go to the open . colin hmmm , Friday ... wow . ( continued ) 46 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 45 continued : 45 ABBY be that not a good time ? colin actually , Abby , I be still kind of unsettle with the move and everything so I `m really not -- Mike snatch the phone from Abby and hang it up . ABBY what the hell be you do ? mike save you . he be blow you off . ABBY he be not . she move to pick up the phone . Mike sit on the phone to stop she . mike do not ! he will be expect you to call he back . when you do not , he will call you . ABBY how do you know ? mike because I know man . if you want it to work out with this guy , you ' will listen to I and do exactly as I say . you already do irreparable damage with you psycho- aggressive control freak phone call . it might even be too late . even if you do salvage the situation , you ' will probably never be more than Abby , he desperate neighbor . ABBY I be not desperate ! ( then ) why , do I sound desperate ? mike listen to you -- desperately ask I if you sound desperate . a concerned look from Abby as ... the phone ring . her caller i.d. say SACRAMENTO mo . * ( continued ) 47 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 45 continued : ( 2 ) 45 mike ( cont 'd ) although you will not admit it , you know I know what I be talk about . ( beat ) it 's you call , dude . she think , look at the phone again ... ABBY okay . what do I do ? mike pick up the phone and say : " hey , Doug . " ABBY why would I -- mike just do it . she answer the phone . ABBY hey , doug. 46 int . colin' office - day 46 a confuse look from Colin as he talk on the phone . colin no , this be Colin . we intercut . ABBY oh my god. sorry . colin who 's Doug ? mike ( whisper ) just a guy I be see . it 's nothing serious . Abby hesitates . Mike shove she . ABBY just a guy I be see . it 's nothing serious . ( continued ) 48 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 46 continued : 46 colin oh. mike ( whisper ) hang on a sec . ABBY hang on a sec . Mike put the phone on hold . ABBY ( cont 'd ) what now ? mike make he wait . a long pause . ABBY this be so rude . mike that 's the point . ABBY when do I pick up ? mike never . you make he wait until he get frustrated and hang up . if he 's still hold on after thirty more second , you may actually have a chance . ABBY you would better be right about this . mike think about it . would you wait on hold for somebody you be try to blow off ? ABBY you have a point . mike just give I a little bit of time and I can make this guy you bitch . ( continued ) 49 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 46 continued : ( 2 ) 46 ABBY ( scoffing ) I do not want a " bitch . " and Colin would never be a bitch . he 's a well - round man capable of mature emotion and deep abide love . thing which you know not of . mike maybe not , but I know about lust , seduction , and manipulation . and clearly , you do not . ABBY why would you want to help I ? mike because then you will have to admit that I know more about this stuff than you do . they stare each other down . then Mike look at he watch . mike ( cont 'd ) thirty second . the phone light be still blink . ABBY my God , you be right . now what ? Mike hang up the phone . mike always make a impression . let 's get out of here . we have work to do . ABBY but what about -- mike do not worry , in five second he will call back . ABBY ( skeptical ) what be you , nostradamus ? that 's -- the phone ring again . ( continued ) 50 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 46 continued : ( 3 ) 46 ABBY ( cont 'd ) ( in awe ) -- amazing . he hustle she out of the room . a moment after the door close , Mike rush back in and hang up the ringing phone . he smile , then bolt . 47 int . colin' office - day 47 dial tone . Colin hang up the phone . colin unbelievable . 48 ext . downtown STREET ­ day 48 Abby and Mike walk down the street . mike rule number one . never criticize . ABBY even if it 's constructive ? mike never . Men be incapable of growth , change or progress . for man , self - improvement end at toilet - training . rule number two . laugh at whatever he say . ABBY what if what he 's say be not funny ? mike that 's irrelevant . a fake laugh be like a fake orgasm . ABBY and a fake orgasm be good ? mike no , but a fake orgasm be better than no orgasm at all . ABBY a fake orgasm be no orgasm . ( continued ) 51 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 48 continued : 48 mike only to you . you be not the only person in the room , you know . let 's not be selfish . Abby giggle . Mike be strike by the sound of she laughter . mike ( cont " D ) that be perfect . you have a perfect laugh . Real or fake ? ABBY you will never know . he raise a eyebrow , impressed . 49 int . coffee shop - day - continuous 49 Mike and Abby wait for they latte . mike rule number three . never talk about you problem . Men do not really listen or care . ABBY some man care . mike no . some man pretend to care . when we ask you how you be do , it 's just guy code for " let I put my dick in you ass . " ABBY okay , I be try to decide whether I should just walk away right now , or run . mike I know you think Colin be above it all , but he 's a guy . if he 's even remotely into you , he 's think about each one of you orifice at least ten time . ABBY I love how you assume every man be as perverse as you be . mike I do not assume . I know . 52 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 50 ext . STREET - day - continuous 50 Mike and Abby walk along , coffee in hand . mike rule number four . Men be very visual . ninety percent of a relationship be base on how good the woman look . we have to change you look . ABBY what 's wrong with my look ? mike ( take she in ) Sports bras ? khakis ? srunchy ? nurse shoe ? ABBY this be not nurse shoe ! they be Lady ked . mike Abby , you be a very attractive woman but you be completely inaccessible . you be all about comfort and efficiency . ABBY what 's wrong with comfort and efficiency ? mike nothing . except no one want to fuck it . with that , a montage begins ... 51 int . department store - day 51 Mike and Abby wander through the rack of lingerie . ABBY I be not get breast implant . mike size be not everything . breast just have to be friendly . they have to say , " hello , everybody ! look at I ! " Abby look down at she breast , curiously . ( continued ) 53. ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 51 continued : 51 ABBY what be mine say ? mike uh , " I be read tolstoy and I do not want to be disturb " ? ABBY really ? I hate tolstoy . a saleswoman pass they . mike ( cont 'd ) Excuse I mar 'am , but we need some bras that will make my friend 's boob say , " put I in you mouth -- I taste good . " the saleswoman look disturb , but hand he a push - up water bra . saleswoman this should do the trick . mike sweet . ( to Abby ) strap it on , flapjack . Abby glare at he as we CUT to -- 52 int . shoe store - day 52 Abby , wear high heel , awkwardly make she way over to Mike . ABBY I look like a hooker . mike that 's a good thing . she fall , knocking over a large display of shoe . mike ( cont would ) well , you be on you back , so that work . 53 int . hair salon - day 53 Abby sit at a rinse chair , while Mike and the hairdresser study she look . ( continued ) 54 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 53 continued : 53 ABBY you be not touch my hair until I know exactly what you be go to do with it . mike we be give you bedhead . ABBY why would I want bedhead ? mike bedhead be sexy . ( be she current hairdo ) a ponytail imply that you be either operate heavy machinery or empty the litter box . neither of this thing inspire a erection . the hairdresser shove she head under the sink and douse she with water . 54 ext . condo complex - night 54 night have fall on the condo complex . 55 int . abby' condo - live room - night 55 Mike avoid the cat while wait in the live room . ABBY ( o.s. ) I just do not want to be perceive as a bimbo . mike I do not want you to be a bimbo . you need to be two people , the saint and the sinner , the librarian and the stripper . it 's a delicate balance . on one hand , you have to push the guy away with cold indifference and yet on the other hand be a sexually teasing tornado . Abby enter , look amazing in a little black dress and sling back . her hair and make - up be sexy but not trashy . ABBY well just do not sit there . say something . mike glass . ( continued ) 55 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 55 continued : 55 ABBY huh ? mike you need glass . ABBY but I wear contact . besides , do not the woman usually remove glass during a makeover ? mike yeah , but we be go for a stripper­librarian thing . right now , I would not trust you to find I a book . Abby open a drawer and take out some glass . she put they on . mike ( cont 'd ) not bad . now we need to practice flirt . ABBY I know how to flirt . mike do you want to be a old may ? ABBY so , if I do not listen to you , I will be a old may ? mike ( act old ) " my name 's Abby and I be arthritic and alone . I have eighteen cat who keep I company . " ABBY ( sarcastic ) oh , ha ha . that 's very funny . ( pretend to be Mike ) " be you wear underwear ? " she grab he ass . mike come on ! I would not say that and I would not grab ass . ( continued ) 56 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 55 continued : ( 2 ) 55 ABBY ( still as Mike ) " hey babe , what 's wrong with a little ass grab ? " ( continue to pinch he ass ) " I mean what 's the point of you even have one unless it 's there for I to grab it ? you be just a set of orifice and a pair of tee - tas . " mike you be a deeply , deeply disturb person . switch tactic , Abby slip into seductress mode , trace she finger up and down he arm . ABBY maybe I be just a good student . mike would you stop do that ? ABBY do what ? mike touch I with you finger . she seductively lean into he . ABBY why ? be I turn you on ? mike maybe . she give he a look . ABBY actually , I kind of like it . mike really ... she lean in closer . ABBY sucker . he shove she away . ( continued ) 57 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 55 continued : ( 3 ) 55 mike no teach the teacher . just then , the doorbell ring . ABBY who be it ? colin ( o.s. ) it 's Colin . ABBY oh my God ! mike told you he would drop by . ABBY ( panic ) I be not ready for this . be I ? I be not . mike calm down . keep the conversation under a minute . be mysterious . keep he guess . Mike leap over the couch and hide . as Abby walk over to the door and open it . Colin stand there . ABBY oh. hey . colin hi. wow , you look great . ABBY thanks . colin what happen to you today ? ABBY what do you mean ? colin you put I on hold and do not call I back . ABBY that be you ? I be so sorry . ( steering he to the door ) ( more ) ( continued ) 58 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 55 continued : ( 4 ) 55 ABBY ( cont would ) can you call I later ? I be super busy . she hustle he out the door . ABBY ( cont 'd ) bye . Colin bang on the door . colin ( 0.s. ) Abby wait ... Mike pop up from under the couch . he give she the thumb up . ABBY ( whisper ) now what ? mike make he suffer . colin ( o.s. ) do you want to go the lobo game on Saturday ? she look at Mike in amazement , then break into the happy dance . he watch , horrify at she spazziness . mike what the hell be that ?! as she continue to dork out , we CUT to -- 56 ext . ballpark - day 56 the roar of the crowd at the lobo game . Colin walk with Abby , who adjust something in she ear . now she 's wear the earpiece from the station , and on the other end ... mike' Pov through binoculars -- a different angle of Abby walk down the aisle . mike nod if you can hear I . binoculars Pov -- Abby nod . ( continued ) 59 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 56 continued : 56 mike ( cont 'd ) just relax . you be gonna be fine . I will walk you through this . Colin look at Abby and smile as they take they seat , * popcorn in hand . * colin do you follow baseball ? we intercut with Mike . mike there 's no right answer to that question . do something non - committal ... Abby do something between a nod and shaking she head . Colin hook at she , confuse . colin I be really more of a fair weather fan myself . I do like watch Mike deloggia pitch , though . amazing bone structure . mike laugh . Abby be baffle but proceed to laugh awkwardly . Colin look at she . colin what 's so funny ? ABBY you joke . colin what joke ? mike shit , he be serious ? feeling a popcorn kernel in she tooth , Abby take out she * floss . * mike * wait -- what the fuck be you * do ? be that floss ? * Abby freeze . * ( continued ) 60 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 56 continued : ( 2 ) 56 mike * Jesus ! put that away ! * she put the floss back in she purse . * mike ( cont 'd ) * good . now toss you hair . * she dramatically toss she hair from one side to the other . mike ( cont 'd ) okay , that be a little over the top , but nice try . ABBY thank you . colin for what ? Abby realize she 's speak aloud . ABBY thank you for ... just be you . colin you be welcome ... mike okay , no more improvise . just repeat everything I say , " you be so much fun to be with . " ABBY you be so much fun to be with . colin thanks . a fan call to Mike . fan hey , down in front ! Mike gesture for the fan to leave he alone as he continue to instruct Abby . mike ( to Abby ) you be not like the other guy i`ve date . ( continued ) 61 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 56 continued : ( 3 ) 56 ABBY you be not like the other guy I have date . fan hey , sit down , jackass . Mike wave he off , try to remain focus on Abby . mike ( to Abby ) you be so much more interesting and inform . ABBY you be so much more interesting and inform . colin that 's nice to hear . the fan throw peanut at Mike . Mike turn around and shout at the fan . mike dude , what the fuck ?! ABBY dude , what the fuck ?! colin what ? Abby blanch , wait for Mike instruction . mike oh , shit . ABBY oh , shit . Colin be now just stare at she . mike ( to Abby ) no , I be not talk to you . ABBY I be not talk to you . colin do I do something wrong ? ( continued ) 62 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 56 continued : ( 4 ) 56 mike Abby , listen -- tell he you see he look at another girl . it 's the only way out of this . ABBY ( to Colin ) be you look at another girl ? colin who ? ABBY uh -- she ? she point to the only nearby female -- a elderly obese hot Dog Lady . colin yeah . I be just try to get we a hot dog . ABBY oh. there 's a awkward moment as Colin hand she the hot dog . mike alright , we need a recovery . make sure to eat you hot dog slowly . Men like watch penis-shape food go into a girl 's mouth . ABBY what ?! repulsed , she flinch , lose control of she drink , dumping it into Colin 's lap . he flinch . ABBY oh my God , I be so sorry . she grab a napkin and start rub he khakis . colin it 's fine , really ... ABBY no , I have to get it out or else it will stain -- she put some muscle into it . ( continued ) 63. ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 56 continued : ( 5 ) 56 ABBY ( cont 'd ) what fabric be this ... colin cotton . ABBY cotton 's the worst . well actually leather 's the worst , follow by suede ... unbeknownst to they , the batter hit a pop fly near they . the jumbotron camera follow the guy catch the fly , then find Abby and Colin . pan over to they and -- it look like Abby be give Colin a enthusiastic hand job . the entire stadium , ballplayer include , stop what they be do and stare . ABBY ( cont 'd ) be you sure they be cotton cause this should be come out , wait ... it 's come . it 's definitely come . it 's ... do ! she smile at Colin . as he look nervously up at the jumbotron . Abby follow he gaze -- and see she' on it . everyone at the stadium be look at she . the organ player bang out " charge . " the stadium start whooping and hollering . 57 ext . ballpark - day 57 Abby be get a citation from a self - righteous police officer . police officer this be a family place , mar 'am . not a open-air hand job palace . ABBY I understand , officer . police officer you want to pull that kind of stunt , you do it at home . or in the backseat of a car , like moral upstand people do . he hand she a ticket and walk off . 64 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 58 ext . abby' condo - night 58 Colin walk a defeat Abby to she door . nearby , Mike watch this , unseen and impassive . colin well , I can not say it be boring . ABBY that be pretty much the all - time worst first date ever . colin gee , thanks . Mike look worried . mike ( to Abby ) where be you go with this ? no guy want to hear that ! ABBY no , no , I take full responsibility . so ... ( stick out she hand ) ... thanks . ( as he shake she hand ) but , hey , at least you pants be clean . he smile , amused . colin you be not what I be use to . ABBY ( sighing ) I know ... colin actually , that 's a good thing . I be use to woman I can figure out in five second . I can not do that with you . Mike roll he eye . mike he 's a idiot . I figure you out in two . ( more ) ( continued ) 65 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 58 continued : 58 mike ( cont would ) now tell he good night and stick you tit out . we be go to give this one last shot . ABBY ( stick she tit out ) good night . mike ... and walk away . she start to walk away when Colin stop she , grab she arm and pull she in for a kiss . colin that definitely make up for my wet crotch . ABBY ( dreamily ) I , too . ( off he look ; realize ) just -- scratch that . Colin give a wave and walk toward he condo . Abby pretend to enter she house until she see Colin close he front door . then , she turn around and rush over to -- mike . she throw she arm around he , embrace he . ABBY you do it ! you do it ! Mike pull back , a little uncomfortable . mike I do not do anything . it be you . do not ask I why , but I think he like you . ABBY he 's really a great guy , be not he ? mike yeah , he 's dreamy . ABBY and he fit all ten criterion on my checklist ! ( continued ) 66 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 58 continued : ( 2 ) 58 mike right ... be not item one through nine something to do with he pretty much be gay ? Abby put she key in the door . ABBY I be go to ignore that because I be in a very good mood . mike yeah , I hear , wet crotch . Abby roll she eye with a smile and go inside . as Mike be walk away , he turn back for a moment , then keep walk . 59 int . elizabeth' house - live room - night 59 jonah and Mike sit on the couch , play " fight night . " jonah so , no date tonight ? mike as a matter of fact , I do have a date . it be not mine , but it be a date . I be help out a friend . jonah guy or girl ? mike girl . jonah ooh ... be she hot ? mike she would be if she be less irritate . jonah so she like to make fun of you clothes and stuff ? mike no , actually I make fun of hers ' . jonah you tell I not to do that . ( continued ) 67 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 59 continued : 59 mike that 's right . and you should listen to I . jonah if you know so much about chick , why be you sit here play " fight night " with I when you could be out with the jello girl ? mike because this be better . Elizabeth enter , wear a pair of sweat and carry she laptop . she hand Mike a digital camera . elizabeth hurry , take a picture of I . I be online with fugly35 and he want to know what i look like . mike you really want to go out with a guy name fugly35 ? elizabeth he 's be ironic . look , he 's hot . she hold up she laptop . Mike peer at it . mike uh...look closer . that 's Jim morrison . who I be pretty sure be not a accountant in Rio rancho . elizabeth shit . be you serious ? jonah hold out he hand to he mom . jonah you owe I a dollar . mike what be you waste you time on the internet for anyway ? elizabeth say the man who have not have a decent relationship since 1999 . mike at least I date . ( continued ) 68 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 59 continued : ( 2 ) 59 elizabeth no ... you fornicate . CUT to : 60 ext . zoo - day 60 a cage of randy bonobos get it on . Mike , in a gorilla suit , do a segment . next to he be a anthropologist , dr . lester . dr . lester of all primate , bonobos be the close relative to human being , both genetically and socially ­- especially when it come to sex . for the bonobo , sex be a way to ease stress and diffuse tension . mike so summing up bonobo-land , the chick look great , get freaky in bed and in turn , they get to sit on they ass and boss they man around all day . dr . lester that 's one way of look at it . mike if that 's not a argument for evolution , I do not know what be . he wink at the camera as -- camera guy cut ! nearby Abby watch . Mike walk over to join she . mike what do you think ? ABBY it be good . mike do you hear corporate 's take I to saffron tonight ? what do you think -- ( continued ) 69 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 60 continued : 60 ABBY ( cut he off ) Colin call . he want to get together again . mike cool . he start pull off he gorilla suit as he head for the van . Abby follow he . ABBY how long do you think I should wait to sleep with he ? mike the more you make he beg for it , the more you have get he on the hook . do everything but . then show he beneath that control freak exterior , there 's a sexual deviant wait to be unleash . ABBY I be not a sexual deviant . mike good point . if memory serve we right , you have be out of practice for what ? a year ? ABBY ( defensive ) no ... eleven month . mike alright , well , how often do you -- ABBY do I what ? mike you know ... ( under he breath ) flick the bean ? ABBY what bean ? Mike throw she a look . Abby catch on . ( continued ) 70 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 60 continued : ( 2 ) 60 ABBY ( cont 'd ) ewww , gross . that 's what you call it ? mike no , I call it masturbate , but I think it would offend you delicate lady - like sensibility . ( beat ) so ... how often do you flick it ? ABBY * how often do you flick it ? * mike * you only want I to answer that so * you can picture I flick mine * while you flick yours . * ABBY * trust I , I would never think about * you while I be flick it . not * that I would ever do -- that . * mike * never ? * Abby look away haughtily . * ABBY I find it impersonal . * mike what could be more personal ? ABBY I just do not think of myself that way . mike well , you need to start . because if you do not want to have sex with you , why the hell should Colin ? 61 ext . abby' condo - night 61 Abby open the door to find a gift bag on she doorstep , with a card that read : " this present be not for you . it 's for you bean . Love Mike . " 71 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 62 int . abby' condo - live room - night 62 Abby sit on the couch stare at a box of electric underwear . she open the box , dump out a pair of underwear and a remote control . when she turn on the remote the underwear vibrate , startling she . she turn it off . 63 int . abby' condo - bedroom - night 63 Abby check herself out in the mirror . now in the underwear . she downs a glass of wine , sit on the bed and pick up the remote . she turn it on . nothing happen . she try again . nothing . ABBY great . Abby smack the remote a few time . the doorbell ring . ABBY ( cont 'd ) ( shouting ) who be it ? mike ( 0.s. ) it 's Mike ! ABBY ( frown ) one second -- Abby quickly throw on she skirt and hurry toward the live room . 64 int . abby' condo - live room - night 64 Abby head toward the door , but quickly realize she 's still hold the remote . she toss it in she purse , then open the door . Mike stand there out of breath , dress in a suit . mike you have to come with I . ABBY where ? mike my dinner with corporate . I do not want to fuck it up . ( continued ) 72 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 64 continued : 64 ABBY I can not . I have a date with Colin . mike we will pick he up on the way . ABBY Mike , I be not go on you dinner . mike so , if it do not go well and they cut the segment and the rating go back down to negative fourteen and they cancel the show , you be cool with that ? Abby think a moment , then -- ABBY let I get my purse . 65 ext . colin' condo - night 65 Colin open the door to find Abby stand there . colin hey , you be early -- ABBY yeah ... Mike pop out from behind Abby . mike I be Mike . Change in plan . grab you key . we gotta go . as Colin look confuse , we CUT to -- 66 int . mike' truck - night 66 Mike 's drive . in the passenger seat , Abby turn to Colin , who sit in the back . ABBY we will just stay for one drink . I be really sorry about this . colin no worry . ( to Mike ) be you a news producer as well ? ( continued ) 73. ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 66 continued : 66 mike no , dude , I be the talent . colin so you be one of the anchor ? mike no , " the Ugly Truth . " ( to Abby ) have not he ever see we show ? ABBY not everyone want to start they day by watch you rant about implant and g-string . colin ( to Mike ) you talk about g-string ? ABBY oh , look ! we be here ! 67 int . saffron - bar area - night 67 as Abby , Mike and Colin walk into the bar , two buxom blonde twin jello girl , bambi and candi , rush up to Mike . mike hey , lady . you be look quite fetching . bambi hi , Mike ! candi do you like my dress ? she lean over and display she cleavage . ABBY ( displease ) be this the jello Girls ? mike yeah , they be my date . she try to control she displeasure , as Stuart walk in with two guy in suit , bob and harold , in they 50' . stuart hey , the gang 's all here ! Abby , you know harold and Bob . ( continued ) 74 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 67 continued : 67 ABBY of course . bob ( ignore Abby ) and we all know Mike Alexander ... they slap he on the back , eyeing the twin . harold and who be this lovely lady ? bob something tell I we will not be talk about the news tonight ... 68 int . saffron - dine room - night 68 the group sit down at the table . mike so , you guy here to give I a raise , or what ? under the table Abby try to kick Mike . as she do , she unwittingly knock over she purse . the content spill out and the remote for she vibrate underwear roll away , stop under the table next to they . at the next table a precocious kid , 8 , sit with he parent . bore out of he skull . when the remote roll under he foot , the kid pick it up and flick the switch . a small red light turn on . at abby' table as harold and Bob laugh , Stuart slap Mike on the back . stuart that 's my guy . always with the joke . Abby turn to Bob and harold . ABBY we be really excited about the rating increase this year . next quarter we hope to -- suddenly , she smile quickly change to horror . ( continued ) 75 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 68 continued : 68 ABBY ( cont would ) oh , god. she shift in she seat , try to control she now - vibrate underwear . colin what 's wrong ? ABBY nothing ... she lean down to grab she purse . under the table she poke she head under the table to see that the content of she purse have spill . Mike 's head appear next to hers . mike what be you do ? ABBY I be look for the remote . mike what remote ? ABBY ( gritting she tooth ) for ...the ... underwear . Mike start laugh . mike you be wear they ? now ? she writhes again , hit she head on the bottom of the table . at the table Stuart watch , worried , as Abby rise from underneath the table , clutching she head and look around frantically , try to figure out who have the remote . at the next table the kid have flicked up the speed on the remote even higher . Abby 's eye roll back . she look like she 's on three hit of ecstasy . ( continued ) 76 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 68 continued : ( 2 ) 68 colin be you okay ? ABBY this ceviche be just so .... good ! I be go to ask the chef for the -- ooh -- recipe ! Excuse I -- she start to get up when Stuart stop she . stuart hold on . tell harold about the new teaser campaign we be start next week . ( to harold ) you be go to love this . mike yeah , Abby . tell we about the teaser . Abby glare at Mike and sit back down . ABBY well , it 's fifteen second ... each hour . as she fumble , Mike spot the kid at the next table , remote in hand . he start to get up but -- ABBY ( cont would ) they be very -- oh ! Abby grab Mike 's arm , yanking he back down , in the throes of panic and pleasure . ABBY ( cont would ) Mike ! -- wait ! you -- tell they . she look into he eye , implore . mike actually , I be really enjoy the way you be tell they . candi look at harold , intrigue by Abby 's display . candi what 's in a ceviche ? as Stuart frown , concerned , Abby spasm , then rush through it as fast as she can . ( continued ) 77 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 68 continued : ( 3 ) 68 ABBY ( rapid fire ) it 's fifteen second every hour of Mike tell a Ugly Truth and ... Jesus ... GOD , they be good . she leap to she foot . ABBY ( cont would ) ohhhhh ... then she sink back down , spend . harold and Bob applaud , as do the twin . relieved , Stuart turn to Bob and harold . stuart see what I mean about she ? colin ( proudly ) you have get to love she enthusiasm . 69 int . saffron - bar area - night - later 69 as they all walk out , Mike grab the remote from the kid . mike sorry , buddy , that 's my toy . Abby spot this and snatch the remote out of Mike 's hand . ABBY you know he have it the whole time , do not you ? mike no , just part of the time . figure I should let you finish . she shoot he a look . mike ( cont would ) seriously , thanks for come tonight . I mean , you know , to dinner . ABBY you would have do fine without I . mike I know . 78 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 70 ext . saffron - night - valet stand - moment later 70 Stuart schmooze with harold , Bob , bambi and candi at the valet stand . Abby and Mike exit the restaurant . mike he like you , by the way . Colin . I can tell . ABBY really ? Colin walk up . colin be we ready to go ? I know Abby be . harold and Bob shake hand with Mike . harold keep up the good work , Mike . bob and thanks for introduce we to we future ex- wife . mike you kid play safe . they take off with the twin . Mike turn to Abby and Colin . mike so , what 's next ? a little three - way scrabble ? some twister ? maybe a massage chain ? we could write in each other ' diary ... colin I think we have get it from here . Mike 's truck pull up and he get in . mike do not do anything I would not do . he drive away . Abby smile at Colin , as a punk rock version of " get to know you " plays and a montage begins ... 71 ext . sandia mountain - day 71 Colin and Abby ride the tram up the mountain , snuggling . 79 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 72 int . movie theatre - night 72 Abby and Colin be watch " to catch a thief . " Colin put he arm around Abby . colin I can not believe I have never see this before . Abby grin , pleased . 73 int . kphx - " SACRAMENTO am " set - day 73 * Mike 's on set rehearse with a hot girl next to he . nearby , Abby get flower deliver . Mike try not to be distract by Abby 's delighted expression as she read the card . 74 int . coffee shop - day 74 at the counter , Abby introduce Colin to Joy . as Colin turn away to get he latte , Joy fall to the ground in a mock swoon . Colin see this and , concerned , rush to help Joy up . 75 int . sport bar - night 75 Mike stand at the sport bar with dwayne , Steve and Gary , as a drunk guy praise Mike . drunk guy ( to Mike ) dude , you get I laid three time last month . drink be on I . mike just do my job . just then a cute brunette in a tight t-shirt and ridiculously gynormous implant walk up . cute brunette I get implant , just like you say ! mike ( horrify ) indeed you do . dwayne here 's to implant ! Steve clink he beer bottle against Mike 's . steve you be a rock star , bro . ( continued ) 80 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 75 continued : 75 Mike sip he beer , look a bit wary of he power . 76 int . restaurant - night 76 a waiter take Colin and Abby 's order . waiter a bottle of water to start ? colin yes , a bottle of flat , please . she start to say something , then smile at the waiter . ABBY I will have one , too . Colin smile at she as the montage end . 77 ext . bar - night 77 a sign on the upscale bar window advertise " happy hour -- lady drink for half price . " 78 int . bar - night 78 Mike have a beer and enjoy the scenery as Abby sit across from he at they table , make note . ABBY the balloon fiesta be come up , so , I be think for sweep , we could do a segment on " how man be full of hot air . " he do not answer . ABBY ( cont would ) I be kid -- Mike be not even listen . he 's watch a trashy redhead at the bar . Abby notice . ABBY ( cont would ) Colin would never like a girl like that . mike I forget , Colin only like " woman of quality . " ( continued ) 81 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 78 continued : 78 ABBY that 's a trait to be admire , not mock , man-whore . mike who say I be a man-whore ? ABBY I have see you with the funbag twin , remember ? mike you see I what ? take they to dinner and introduce they to some network executive ? they want to be actress . who be I to kill they dream ? ABBY you be tell I you have never sleep with that girl ? mike I do not say that ... ABBY exactly my point . man-whore want woman who wear slutty clothes and suck lot of cock . mike every man want that . and for you information , I be only with the one who can read . ( then ) do you just say cock ? ABBY what ? I can say cock . you do not own that word . cock . there . I say it again . mike a week ago you cry at the think of a vibrator . now you be all " cock this , " " cock that . " ( then ) you have sex with Colin , do not you ? ABBY no ! we be save that for this weekend . he 's take I to Santa fe. ( continued ) 82. ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 78 continued : ( 2 ) 78 mike you sure you be ready for that ? ABBY of course I be ready . mike you do not sound ready . ABBY well , I be ready . Mike hold up a glass . mike here 's to overturn assumption . I be really a man of discriminate taste and you be a foul - mouth slut . 79 int . kphx - " SACRAMENTO am " set - day 79 * on set , Mike address the camera . mike so there you have it . never assume a girl be easy , or assume she 's a prude . there be many layer in between and it 's you job , gentleman , to peel back that layer and figure out exactly what type of woman you be deal with . nearby , a confuse Joy look at Abby . joy what happen to he ? that sound almost enlighten . Abby do not know weather to be pleased or worried . mike because once you do peel back that layer , my friend , she lady garden await . and I be pretty sure you be gonna want to fertilize that patch of petunias . and that there be the Ugly Truth . joy and -- he 's back . at the anchor desk ( continued ) 83. ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 79 continued : 79 Larry turn to the camera . larry next up , javier tell we if you petunias be go to see any rainfall this weekend . Georgia wink at he . georgia I hope mine do ... Abby roll she eye as Mike walk up . ABBY yes , the city get treat to flower- vagina metaphor . Georgia o' keefe would be so pleased . at this , a slick agent in a suit , 30' , walk up and slap Mike on the shoulder . agent be you ready for this ? I just get you on to " the tonight show " . they want you as a guest . Mike be stunne . mike jay leno want I on he show ? you be shitting I . Abby look at the agent , confuse . ABBY who be you ? mike this be Rick . my agent . ABBY since when do you have a agent ? agent since he become the hot thing in morning tv . mike Holy shit . leno ? this be amazing . ( continued ) 84 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 79 continued : ( 2 ) 79 ABBY ( try to process ) yeah ... agent you leave tomorrow . let 's go clear it with Stuart . mike ( to Abby ) how cool be this ? they walk off as Abby stand there . 80 int . conference room - day 80 Abby run a programming meeting . Joy , dori , josh , Georgia and Larry be in attendance . ABBY what 's we story at the top of the hour ? josh Global warming . dori jesus. again ? josh oh , I be sorry , do Anna Nicole come back from the dead ? Stuart poke he head in . stuart Abby ? I need you . she rise and go out into the hall . 81 int . hallway - continuous 81 Abby frown at Stuart 's serious expression . ABBY what 's up ? stuart I just find out Mike be offer a job by the local NBC affiliate at twice the pay . this leno thing be he audition . ( continued ) 85 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 81 continued : 81 ABBY what ?! stuart if Bob and harold find out about this , we be dead . I need you to fly out there and talk he out of it . ABBY today ? now ? but I be go to Santa Fe -- stuart ( ignore she ) just do not let he know you know beforehand . let he do the show and get we we publicity , then convince he to sign with we for the next three year . now go . 82 ext . airport - day 82 a airplane land at lax . 83 int . cab - day 83 a piss Abby sit in the cab , have a conversation with herself . ABBY hi , stupid motherfucker who would still be on cable access if it be not for I . I hear you be move to NBC . the cab driver look at she . cab driver what do you just call I ? ABBY nothing . just practice my speech . 84 ext . HOTEL - day 84 Mike walk out of the lobby , as Abby get out of a cab , suitcase in hand . mike Abby ? what be you do here ? Abby glare at he , about to show she true feeling , but then quickly cover . smiling . ( continued ) 86 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 84 continued : 84 ABBY Stuart decide you need a cheerleader . mike I think you be go to Santa Fe ... ABBY apparently , he feel that you need a producer more than I need to get laid . 85 int . town car - day 85 Abby and Mike sit in the backseat . Abby look down at she note . ABBY okay , so let 's go over the pre - interview question . Mike study she . mike I be sorry you do not get to meet little Colin this weekend . and by little , I do not mean undersized , although I highly suspect that 's the case . ABBY really ? Colin 's penis ? that 's what you want to talk about right now ? I be think maybe we should talk about what you be gonna say on the show . ( do jay ) so , tell I Mike . how do " the Ugly Truth " start ? mike well , jay , I have a sale job where I drive around a lot , listen to talk radio . I start call in and lo and behold , people like what I have to say . then I decide what the hell , I need my own show . I have a message people need to hear . Abby roll she eye , still angry with he . ( continued ) 87 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 85 continued : 85 ABBY yes -- thousand of life be be enrich by you wisdom . mike Excuse I , lady , but you have a boyfriend right now because of I . ABBY it may have start because of you , but it 's last because of I . mike so , you have be act like you normal control freak psycho self in front of he ? ABBY I be not a control freak . mike when you check into the hotel , do you or do you not insist on get a " Eastern - face " room on " a floor not below seven " ? ABBY I like rise with the sun . and a view . mike my point be , Colin like the Mike version of Abby , not the Abby version of Abby . so , do not go knock my word of wisdom when you be live proof that they work . Abby sit there , fume that he 's right . ABBY I could be have sex right now -- mike yeah , thanks to I . 86 int . " the tonight show " - backstage - day 86 a " tonight show " handler in a headset ready a visibly nervous Mike backstage . Mike 's agent stand next to he , give he a pep talk as Abby watch skeptically . ( continued ) 88. ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 86 continued : 86 agent dude , this be awesome . you be about to go on leno ! NBC be go to give you the moon -- Mike shoot he a " shut up " look . Abby pretend not to notice . agent -- in a gift basket , of course . mike this be not help . agent just do what you always do . mike what do I always do ? agent uh -- ABBY ( cut he off ) you entertain people with you moronery . and they love you for it . Mike look at she , surprised . mike that might be the nicest thing you have ever say to I . ABBY you welcome . she smile at he . look a little calmer , he smile back at Abby . the agent roll he eye . the handler give Mike the nod , as we hear -- jay leno ( o.s. ) and that be kiku , the penguin that fly ! next up , here to tell we the Ugly Truth , be Mike Alexander -- the audience applaud as Mike take a deep breath and head on stage . 87 int . " tonight show " stage - day - moment later 87 Abby now sit in the audience , watch as jay interview Mike on stage . ( continued ) 89 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 87 continued : 87 jay so what 's you number one piece of advice to all the people out there who be try to find love ? mike do not do it . try to find lust instead . it 's a lot easier and a lot less messy . Blue ball only last a few hour . a break heart can last year . the audience react with holler and cheer . Abby shake she head . jay so , what 's she name ? mike who ? jay the girl who screw you up . she must have be a doozy . Mike look a bit take aback , but recover quickly . mike like I say , better a floozy than a doozy . Abby cock she head , intrigue by Mike 's reaction . jay well , what do you say to guy like I who have be happily marry for twenty - seven year ? we can not be the exception to the rule , can we ? there 's plenty of we out there . mike well , jay , let I tell ya -- he hesitates , then look at Abby for a moment . she give he a encourage nod . he gain confidence , and continue . mike Marriage start off great . she 's cute , you be cute , the world 's cute . nothing can burst you bubble of everlast love . ( more ) ( continued ) 90 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 87 continued : ( 2 ) 87 mike ( cont would ) then , ten year later , she 's put on twenty pound , you have get nose hair , you be voting for different president , and one day , the receptionist at jiffy lube accidentally graze you hand as she hand you back you key and you realize that 's the first time a woman 's touch you in three month . by year twenty , you have learn to completely tune out the sound of she voice and it occur to you that ever since you walk down the aisle , you be live with someone who can barely tolerate you presence and , on the rare occasion that you actually do make love , she probably think about Jake gyllenhaal . jay look stricken , go along with the bit . jay you be right . I be go to get a divorce . my whole life be a lie . ( to camera ) sorry , honey . the audience laugh , as we CUT to -- 88 int . kphx - stuart office - night 88 Stuart flip off the tv , talk on he cell phone . stuart ( into phone ) do you get he ? be he ours ? 89 int . " tonight show " - backstage - day 89 Abby talk on the phone . ABBY ( tense ) I be work on it . she hang up as Mike and he agent approach . ABBY ( cont would ) ( to Mike ) you be amazing out there . ( continued ) 91 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 89 continued : 89 mike be I ? agent ( to Abby ) you go ahead and hold we table , doll . we have get some business to discuss . they walk off . Abby fume -- then do she self hat spazzy dance . 90 int . EL floridita restaurant - night 90 a festive Cuban place in Hollywood with a live salsa band and a floor full of sexy patron salsa dance . Abby sit at a table , wait anxiously . as Mike walk in , she wave he over . ABBY ( confuse ) where 's Rick ? mike I send he home . I think we should celebrate on we own . Abby 's surprised , then suspicious . ABBY what exactly be we celebrate ? mike uh , hello ? leno ? I be just on it . maybe you see ? the waiter arrive with mojito . Abby look at he . ABBY I know about the offer from NBC . he look at she , surprised , then -- mike okay , well then you know I turn it down . if it be not for you , I would still be on Channel 83 . so do not worry , I be not go anywhere . ABBY really ? ( continued ) 92 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 90 continued : 90 mike relax . drink. enjoy . you do you job . I be re-sign with you . now let 's stop talk about work . Abby sip she mojito , study Mike . ABBY so ... who be the doozy ? mike what be you , try to kill my buzz ? ABBY no , I be interested . in what make you ... you . Mike sigh , decide to level with she . mike it be not just one ... it be more like a parade . by the time I hit thirty , I realize you can only have so many bad relationship before you figure out there 's no such thing as a good one . ABBY you can not really believe there 's no such thing as a good relationship . mike to my very core . just then , the waitress walk up . waitress two more mojito ? ABBY and some water , please . waitress still or sparkling ? mike just bring we tap water . she nod and leave . Abby stare at he . ( continued ) 93. ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 90 continued : ( 2 ) 90 mike ( cont would ) ( off she look ) what ? it 's the exact same thing , be not it ? ABBY so I have be tell . he stand up . mike c'mon , let 's dance . ABBY I do not think so . mike I be serious . I have see you spazzy dance , now I want to see the real thing . Abby look out at the dance floor , see that even the worst dancer be great . ABBY I can not dance like that . mike I can . Mike grab she hand and lead she onto -- 91 int . EL floradita - dance floor - night 91 Mike and Abby make they way onto the crowded dance floor . ABBY Mike , no -- mike you will be fine . Abby look at he , sure that he 's about to make a fool of they both . then , he take she in he arm , completely self - assure , and start lead she in a salsa dance and ... ...he 's good . but not just good . great . ABBY oh my God . how do you learn to ­- ( continued ) 94 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 91 continued : 91 she follow he move , half - shocked and half - turn on . he pull she in a bit closer , and for the first time , she allow herself to be lead without try to control the situation . for about five second . then she look at she watch . ABBY ( cont would ) we have get a early flight tomorrow . we should go . 92 int . universal hilton - elevator - night 92 Mike and Abby ride up the elevator . ABBY so the car 's pick we up downstairs at eight . you want I to call you ? mike I will get a wake up call . ABBY good idea . there 's a moment of uncomfortable silence . ABBY ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) I have a great time . mike I , too . ABBY remember , the car 's -- mike pick we up at eight . get it . the elevator come to a stop . mike ( cont 'd ) my floor . see you tomorrow . ABBY Bright and early . they hug . it 's long hug . they give a quick kiss . ABBY ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) good night . ( continued ) 95 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 92 continued : 92 mike good night . neither let go . they give a longer kiss . ABBY good night . mike good night . Mike start out the elevator , then return , grab Abby . and suddenly -- they be all over each other . in the midst of this , the elevator try to close but they furious grop block it , until -- a shrill buz begin . they abruptly step apart stare at each other . mike ( cont would ) so , I guess I should -- ABBY yeah . Mike back out of the elevator , look shell - shocked . the door close . Abby be flushed and stunne . ABBY ( cont would ) wow . 93 int . universal hilton - abby`s room - moment later 93 Abby sink down onto she bed , wear the same expression . ABBY what the hell be that ? and why do I want to do it again ? there 's a knock at the door . she leap up , smooth she hair , check she reflection , and go to the door . open it with a smile , she find -- stand there , bottle of red wine in hand , be ... Colin . colin miss I ? it take a moment for Abby to adjust . ( continued ) 96 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 93 continued : 93 ABBY Colin ? colin you be expect someone else ? ABBY ( recover ) uh , no -- he walk in the room , hold up the wine . colin since you could not come to Santa Fe , I decide to come to you . ABBY how would you find I ? colin Joy tell I . I start think about all the thing we be go to do there and I decide I could not wait . ABBY oh. okay ... colin what 's the matter ? ABBY nothing . I be just so -- surprised to see you . colin well , you tell I you be spontaneous . guess the proof be in the pudding . ABBY ( tense ) it sure be ... as he open the wine , some of it splashes on he shirt . colin whoops . look like we will have to get naked sooner than I think . 94 int . universal hilton - ext . abby' door - night - same time 94 Mike approach Abby 's door . ( continued ) 97 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 94 continued : 94 mike Abby -- I really need to kiss you again . and not just in a one - night stand way , in a totally different way . oh fuck , what be I do ? he turn and walk the other direction . then stop and turn back . mike ( cont would ) nut up , Alexander . you can do this ... he knock on Abby 's door . after a second it open and -- there 's Colin , stand there shirtless . colin oh , you be not room service . ( hold out he hand ) how ya ' doin ' , man ? Mike reel , try to cover he shock . mike I just come by to tell Abby about the change in we flight time . but I can tell she later . Abby appear behind Colin . ABBY Mike , what be you do here ? mike just leave . he turn and go . 95 int . universal hilton - hallway - night - moment later 95 Mike walk down the hall , freak out and perturb . Abby run to catch up with he . ABBY Mike -- he keep walk as she try to keep up . ABBY ( cont would ) he just show up to surprise I . ( continued ) 98 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 95 continued : 95 mike how convenient . ABBY I think it be you at the door . he stop and look at she . mike I guess we be all interchangeable . I have teach you well . maybe you should take over the show . he start to walk off . ABBY Mike , wait -- tell I what just happen in the elevator . they hold eye contact for a very long moment . ABBY ( cont would ) should I tell Colin to go ? Mike look away . mike why pull up anchor now ? you have work damn hard to get he here . ABBY really ? that 's it ? that 's all you have to say . mike what else do you want I to say ? a lot . but he 's not say it . ABBY I guess the truth be ugly , be not it ? mike that 's what I have be tell you . he shrug and walk off . 96 int . universal hilton - abby' room - night - moment later 96 * Abby enter the room . Colin stand there , still shirtless . ( continued ) 99 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 96 continued : 96 ABBY sorry , about that . he be upset about he performance on leno . colin no worry . the rest of the night be ours . he pour she a glass of wine . colin ( cont would ) to the first of many romantic evening to come . Abby take the glass and drink . and keep drink . colin ( cont would ) whoa -- Abby finish the glass and look at he . ABBY why do you like I ? colin well , you be beautiful , you be smart -- Abby smile , pleased , then he continue ... colin ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) you be open , you laugh at my joke , you never criticize ... Abby 's smile fade . colin ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) you never try to control the situation , and I have get to say , it 's a breath of fresh air . a lot of woman I know be total control freak -- and it 's a nightmare . I love that you be not like that . Abby look at he , nodd , then -- ABBY you know what ? I be like that . colin what do you mean ? ( continued ) 100 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 96 continued : ( 2 ) 96 ABBY to be honest , I do not like the way you pour the wine . I would have decant it . and I be editing that speech as you be give it . she look around . ABBY ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) plus , this bed should be face north -south instead of east - west ! colin ( confuse ) be you serious ? ABBY I have not be myself for one second of the two week and five day we have be dating . colin then who have you be ? ABBY the girl some idiot tell I to be . 97 ext . lax airport - day 97 taxis drop off tourist . 98 int . airport - day 98 Abby pace in front of the gate and check she watch , while talk on she cell phone . ABBY ( into phone ) and you be sure he check out ? okay , thanks . she hang up the phone . a flight attendant approach she . flight attendant miss , we be go to need you to board now . resigned , she pick up she bag and walk on board . 99 int . kphx - lobby ­ day 99 Abby walk into the station , greeting the security guard . ( continued ) 101 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 99 continued : 99 ABBY Morning , freddy . the security guard just look at she and shake he head , disappointed . Stuart rush up to she . stuart I think you say we have he . ABBY what be you talk about ? stuart he quit this morning . I get a smug call from Channel 4 say they close a deal with he . corporate 's have a shit fit . what the hell happen ? Abby be hurt and stunne , but overcome it with fierce and abide hatred . ABBY we do not need Mike Alexander . he 's a dime a dozen . stuart you better hope so , because you be go to find I a new one by the end of the week . 100 int . kphx - waiting area - day 100 Abby and Joy walk through the wait area , which be fill with mike alexander replacement hopefuls of all different shape and size . Abby point at candidate , while Joy make note on a clipboard . ABBY ( point ) yes. no. yes. no. no. ( then ) I can not believe I even consider for a second allow myself to feel something for he . joy I still can not believe that you break up with Colin . ABBY I know I can not control everything . as much as I would like to . ( more ) ( continued ) 102 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 100 continued : 100 ABBY ( cont would ) but I should at least be able to decide who I feel something for and who I be repulse by . she turn back to the candidate , frustrated . ABBY ( cont would ) yes. no. no. yes. fuck no . 101 int . kpqu , channel 4 stage - day 101 Channel 4 's brighter and more expensive stage , with a prominent logo for " morning mayhem with mike ! " Mike , dress in a armani suit , glandhand the Channel 4 suit , as they show he around . big wig what do you think of the new set ? mike Love it . big wig # 2 kphx retain the copyright to you old segment title , so we retitle you " Morning mayhem with Mike ! " Mike 's on autopilot . mike Love it . big wig and this be Joe , you new producer . Mike finally wake up a bit . turn to Joe , a bald nebbish . mike you know what I like best about you , Joe ? I do not want to have sex with you at all . joe I be -- relieved to hear that . the Big wig chortle . big wig how much do we love this guy ? 103 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 102 ext . mike' apartment build - day 102 Mike , in he suit , walk up the front step . jonah sit on a lawn chair , drink a soda and watch -- in the nearby valley hundred of multi-color , multi-shape hot AIR balloon be aloft . jonah dude , check it out . balloon fiesta . mike yep . jonah why do you look like a lawyer ? mike New station . New wardrobe . jonah you be never go to get any pussy look like that . mike ( annoyed ) where do you get this stuff ? jonah from you . mike look at I , jonah . I be 38 , I be still single , I live alone ... do it look like it 's all work out ? if there 's one thing you do not want to be , it 's like I . as he open the door and go inside , jonah call out -- jonah I be pretty sure you do not want to open you new show with that . 103 ext . field - day 103 on the field that be cover with hot air balloon and they pilot and aficionado , Abby and Joy stand with Mike 's replacement -- jack magnum , a fast - talk slickster who think he 's really fuck cool . ( continued ) 104 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 103 continued : 103 jack magnum how 's my skin ? too shiny ? how be my pore ? joy tiny . jack magnum which side be better ? Left ? right ? full-frontal ? Joy look at Abby , a little worried . ABBY they be all fine . but let 's go over you intro . ( prompt he ) " I be Jack Magnum and this be ... " jack magnum the Ugly Truth ! he fake -smile and do the " point - and - shoot " , go so far as to blow the smoke off he fingertip gun . ABBY oh-kay . let 's maybe lose the gun . jack magnum what ? the gun be my signature move . ABBY ( impatient ) unless the nra be pay you mortgage this month , I say lose the fuck gun . joy and we be live in -- five , four , three , two -- 104 int . kphx - control room - day - continuous 104 Stuart sit in the control room next to cliff . cliff think this guy 's any good ? stuart he better be . on the monitor -- ( continued ) 105 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 104 continued : 104 Jack Magnum do he intro , now stand in a balloon basket . jack magnum ( on t.v. ) ... and this be the Ugly Truth ! Jack start to do " the gun " , but then he remember and awkwardly turn it into a peace sign . jack magnum ( on t.v. ) ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) peace ! stuart oh , Jesus . he 's go political . 105 int . mike' apartment - day - same time 105 jonah watch tv as Mike get a beer out of the fridge . jonah dude , check this out . you replacement 's on . mike my what ? Mike look over to see -- on the tv -- live footage from the balloon fiesta . Jack Magnum continue to alienate he audience . jack magnum most of you be watch this show so you can learn how to get chick . let I assure you , you be in good hand . you be look at a guy who 's personally have sex with over 137 woman . most of they conscious . 106 ext . field - day - continuous 106 Abby look at Joy , panicked . ABBY he 's ad-lib . why be he ad - libbing ? there 's no ad-lib . 107 int . mike' apartment - day - continuous 107 Mike sit down on the couch to watch . mike oh , this be beautiful . ( continued ) 106 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 107 continued : 107 on tv -- Jack Magnum just make it worse . jack magnum ( on t.v. ) we be here at the balloon fiesta , and I be suppose to be tell you man be full of hot air , but I think we all know , it 's the lady that be full of crap . just because she say no , do not mean she mean no . at this Jack Magnum be tackle and push out of the balloon basket . after a moment -- a frazzle ABBY pop up in he place . ABBY ( on t.v. ) ( nervous ) hi ! I be sorry , but Jack Magnum will no longer be able to do " the Ugly Truth " segment . which should really come as no surprise . because man be completely unreliable . 108 int . kphx - day - continuous 108 Stuart and cliff watch from the control room , in shock . cliff what be she do ? the phone ring . Stuart pick up , then blanch . stuart ( into phone ) hey , harold . yes , I know -- we be fix it . 109 ext . field - day - continuous 109 Abby stand in the basket , still nervous , but fly on adrenaline . Joy give she a " keep go " hand gesture . ABBY take Mike Alexander , for instance . he up and quit the show without so much as a word . you think you know what man be go to do , you think you know what they want to do ... but when it come down to the moment where they actually have to nut up , they turn around and do something completely different . 107 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 110 int . mike' apartment - day - continuous 110 Mike stare at Abby on tv for a second , then grab he key . mike oh , I be all over this . he race out , as jonah call after he . jonah I do not think she 's into you , guy ! 111 ext . field - day - continuous 111 Joy and the camera guy watch as Abby gain steam , ranting to the camera . b- camera , strapped to the basket , also record . ABBY the big , strong , romantic man we have be read about in novel and watch in movie since we be nine ? they be fallacy . " Blue lagoon " be a total freakin ' lie . Men be not strong . Men be not brave . Men be afraid . 112 int . kphx - " SACRAMENTO am " set - day 112 * from the news desk , Georgia and Larry watch the monitor , confuse . larry ( offended ) I love " Blue lagoon " . Georgia squeeze he hand . georgia I know you do , honey . 113 ext . field - parking lot - day - continuous 113 Mike 's truck careen into the parking lot . he get out , racing towards the field . 114 ext . field - day - continuous 114 Abby be now on a total tear . ABBY ... they be afraid to say what they feel . afraid to grow up . afraid to tell the truth . 108 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 115 int . mike' apartment - day - continuous 115 jonah watch , entrance . jonah it 's like she 's in he brain ! 116 ext . field - day - continuous 116 Mike push through the crowd of balloon lover . 117 ext . field - day - continuous 117 Abby continue she impassion tirade . ABBY even if they have a moment in a hotel elevator that 's totally romantic and fill with potential , man be completely incapable of copping to it . because man be weak . mike ( o.s. ) let I tell you something about woman . she turn to see -- mike stand there . he push past Joy and climb into the balloon . grabbing the mic from Abby 's hand . ABBY hey -- mike ( ignore she ; to camera ) woman would have we believe that they be the victim . they be not . they want we to think that we break they heart for sport . that 's crap . they say they want romance . they say they want true love , but all they want be a checklist . be he perfect ? be he handsome ? be he a doctor ? 118 int . kphx - control room - day - continuous 118 a confuse cliff look at Stuart , who 's still on the phone . cliff I think he quit . ( continued ) 109 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 118 continued : 118 stuart ( now elate ; into phone ) see ? I tell you she would get he back . 119 ext . field - day - continuous 119 Abby glare at Mike . ABBY that be not true . by the cameraman , Joy shrug . joy well , kinda true . Mike continue he rant . mike you man that fit the criterion -- do not kid yourselves . they be not sleep with you . they be sleep with a carefully calculate set of venal choice . money over substance . look over soul . Polish over principle . no gesture , no matter how real or romantic , will ever compensate for a really impressive list of credential . ABBY say the man who 's never make a gesture except for this one -- she make the universally know " jack - off " hand gesture . mike so , the elevator be not a gesture ? ABBY the elevator be a moment of passion , follow by a moment of panic on you part , apparently . 120 int . kphx - control room - day - continuous 120 Stuart look at cliff . stuart what elevator ? 110 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 121 ext . field - day - continuous 121 Mike glare at Abby . mike I come by you room ! ABBY and then you run away . mike well , that be not panic , sweetheart . it be a unwillingness to compete with the walk checklist that be in you bed . you should be thanking I . nearby , Joy tap she watch . joy we have ten second . a overzealous balloon pilot walk up . pilot be we ready to soar up , up and away ? in the basket , Mike look at the camera . mike and that 's the Ugly Truth , folk . a girl in heat for two guy will always pick the one with the better resume . behind he , the Pilot silently board the balloon . ABBY that be bullsh -- the torch of the balloon be suddenly fire , cover she fbc violation . the cameraman follow the balloon as it slowly start to rise . joy ... and we be out . ( then ; sotto ) keep roll on b-camera . 111 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 122 int . hot AIR balloon basket - sky - day - continuous 122 Abby glare at Mike , not realize they be still on the air . ABBY ( freak ) I hate you so much I just swore on live television . mike no , you hate yourself for be so shallow . pilot off we go ! Abby and Mike spin around to look at he . realizing the balloon be now soar upwards . ABBY where be we go ?! mike I be not go anywhere with you . Mike start to climb out . ABBY what a shock . you be bail . pilot I would not recommend that ... Mike look down to see -- they be now fifteen feet above the ground . and rise . he stop climb , as the balloon continue to float up and away . pilot ( cont would ) so , who want champagne ? 123 int . kphx - control room - day - continuous 123 Stuart and cliff stare at the monitor , eat it up . stuart they do not know the camera be on , do they ? cliff ( smile ) nuh-uh . 112 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 124 ext . sky - day - a moment later 124 now hold champagne glass , a disgust Mike and Abby look at opposite end of the sky , hat that they be trap together . mike hey ! I know -- we can pass the time with you tell I how much fun you and Colin have have sex in Los Angeles . ABBY I break up with Colin in Los Angeles , jackass . Mike be throw , turn to look at she . mike what ? pilot to we leave , we have the sandia Mountains , glisten in the afternoon twilight ... Abby ignore the pilot . ABBY oh , that get you interest ? if you think we be go to finish what we start in LA , you be out of you mind . you lose you chance . pilot and to we right , you will see the Rio Grande River wind its way through the diochramatic landscape ... Mike ignore the pilot as well . mike I never have a chance with you . pilot and off in the distance , we have the petroglyph National monument , where -- ABBY ( to the Pilot ) can you stop talk , please ? ( more ) ( continued ) 113. ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 124 continued : 124 ABBY ( cont would ) ( to Mike ) you be right . I have a momentary lapse in judgement where I think you might be more than you be . but you be not . clearly . mike what do that mean ? ABBY ( mock ) " I be Mike Alexander . I like girl in jello . I like to fuck like a monkey . do not fall in love -- it 's `scary . ' " 125 ext . field - day - continuous 125 Joy talk on the phone to Stuart . joy do not worry , I see this come , so I get we a three second delay . 126 int . hot AIR balloon basket - sky - day - continuous 126 Mike glare at Abby . mike yeah , it be " scary . " it 's fuck terrifying . especially because I be in love with a psycho like you . 127 int . mike' apartment - day - continuous 127 jonah now sit with Elizabeth . they both stare at the tv in shock . elizabeth do he just say -- jonah " Love " ? 128 int . kphx - " albuquerque am " set - day - continuous 128 Georgia and Larry look at each other . georgia / larry I know it ! 114 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 129 int . hot AIR balloon basket - sky - day - continuous 129 Abby stare at Mike . ABBY I be not a psycho . mike I just tell you I love you and all you hear be " psycho " . you be the definition of neurotic . ABBY the definition of neurotic be a person who suffer from anxiety , obsessional thought , compulsive act and physical ailment without have any objective evidence of disease -- mike again , I just tell you I be in love with you and you be stand here give I a vocabulary lesson . ( to the Pilot ) back I up on this , buddy ... who here be afraid ? pilot I be just go to drink my champagne . ABBY ( skeptical ) you be in love with I . really . why ? mike beat the shit out of I , but I be . Abby open she mouth , about to make a retort , then realize what 's be say to she . for the first time in she life , she stop think and -- grab Mike and kiss the hell out of he . the sheer force of she kissing throws they into the pilot , cause -- the torch to flame radically . the balloon whooshes upwards . 115 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 130 int . kphx - control room - day - continuous 130 a elate Stuart pick up the phone . stuart ( into phone ) Joy , how do you feel about a promotion ? 131 ext . field - day - continuous 131 on the phone , Joy hi-five the cameraman , then quickly compose herself . joy ( into phone ) I feel good about it . 132 int . hot AIR balloon basket - sky - day - continuous 132 Abby finally loosen she grip on Mike . Hair askew , he look a little like he 's be hit by a cyclone . ABBY ( breathless ) if you say " just kid " , I be go to throw you out of this balloon and watch you body splatter to the ground . mike be you go to threaten I with death when we have sex ? because it might be distracting . the Pilot look worried for he safety . pilot May I suggest you wait until we land ? Abby and Mike keep kissing as the balloon sail into the sunset , and we fade to black , then CUT to -- 133 ext . botanical garden - day 133 close on Mike , as he address the camera . he hold a mic , wear a tuxedo and speak in a hushed voice . ( continued ) 116 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 133 continued : 133 mike as many of you know , sometimes a guy 's gotta admit what he think be the truth be not necessarily the whole truth . yes , woman have a checklist , but sometimes that list include a foul - mouth idiot who take way too long to realize he be in love . ( hold up a finger ) let 's continue this conversation in a second . we pull back to reveal -- Mike be stand in a garden with row and row of wedding guest seat behind he . a altar with flower and a minister wait patiently . Mike gesture for the camera to follow he as he make he way up to the altar . as he arrive he greet he groomsman , jonah , also wear a tux . he only have eye for Joy , Abby 's bridesmay . jonah ( to Joy ) have anyone ever tell you you have a stupendous bosom ? joy not lately , so feel free to say it again . a string quartet 's version of " here come the bride " begin , as we pan over to see -- ABBY , in a wedding dress , about to make she way up the aisle . look absolutely beautiful . mike ( wow ; to camera ) Zoom in on this , guy . I want the whole city to see how lucky I be . the cameraman zoom in on Abby , as she catch Mike 's eye and smile . in the audience , Elizabeth take photo after photo . her date -- a dead ringer for Jim morrison -- look at she , amused . ( continued ) 117 . ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 133 continued : ( 2 ) 133 elizabeth what ? no one 's ever go to believe this . I need proof . at the altar , Abby finally arrive and look at Mike . ABBY ( be the camera ) what 's this ? mike hope you do not mind , but we be live . ABBY ( be the cameraman ) no , what 's jorge do so close ? we need a master . mike ( surprised ) you know about this ? ABBY hello ... I be the producer . it 's sweep week . how do you think I get they to pay for this ? she gesture to -- bob and harold from corporate , who sit in the audience . Mike look momentarily surprised , then -- mike God , I love you . he turn to the camera . mike so , here it be , guy . the game , the manipulation , the ploy , the tactic ... all the thing we do to think we be in control . but guess what ? we never be . Abby lean over he shoulder . ABBY ( to the camera ) be not it beautiful ? ( continued ) 118. ' the ugly truth ' - numbered script - 2/14/2008 133 continued : ( 3 ) 133 she smile as we -- CUT to black .