< blockquote > </ blockquote > on black : " a man must look at he life and think luxury . " fade in : ext . guarjira , colombia - 1989 - day a majestic panorama of the lush green slope that be the columbian highland . a faint chopping sound be heard and then another . whoosh . whoosh . the view change and tiny dot appear on the hillside vegetation . whoosh . closer we realize the dot be people . worker swinging long steel machete in slow methodical rhythm . whoosh . whoosh . we see the South american indian men clearly now . they tar stain tooth . they gaunt face riddled with crow 's foot . they jaw chew away on huge wad of coca leave as they collect the harvest . ext . dirt road - colombia - day Old rickety truck carry the huge green tractor-sized bale speed along the narrow road . ext . clearing - colombia - day the bundle be undone and columbian woman separate out the leave . tribes of underweight worker carry armload after armload of the harvest and ritualistically dump they into a gigantic cannibal pot which sit on top of a raging bonfire . the leave be be boil down and a huge plume of smoke streak the sky . wizen indios brave the heat and shovel ash into the pot to cool the solution . int . jungle - colombia - day a primitive but enormous makeshift lab contain all the equipment . the machinery . the solution . the over-size vat . dark-skinn bandoleros smoke cigarettes and sport automatic weapon at all the point of entry . the coca be now a " basuco " paste and be be send in for a wash . int . laboratory - colombia - 1989 - day a conveyor belt pour out brick after brick of pure cocaine hydrochloride . the brick be wrap , tie up , weigh , and stamp with a " p " before be throw into duffel bag . ext . jungle airstrip - colombia - day a small twin-engine cessna be load with dozen of duffel bag and the plane take off . ext . vero beach airfield - night the cessna touch down . ext . worksite - weymouth - 1966 - day the worksite be busy . George be amongst other worker , work a summer job . as George be take five , he look across the sight to Fred , who be sweeping up debris . a long way from be the boss . int . college admission office - weymouth - 1966 - day George stand in line to register for college , wear he brook Brothers suit , bowtie , and freshly bryllcream hair . the room be crowded and the line be long . Bob Dylan 's " subterranean homesick blue " blare out of one of the kid 's transistor radio . George look around the room . he be uncomfortable . he catch he reflection in the shiny glass partition and stop . he do not like what he see . something be not right . he look like everyone else . same cookie-cutter hair , same cookie-cutter clothes , same cookie cutter face . he 's a carbon copy . registration woman next . it 's George 's turn but he do not hear it . " twenty year of schooling and they put you on a day shift . " the word hit he like a tone of brick as he continue to stare at he own reflection . GEORGE ( v.o. ) I be stand there , and it be like the outside of I and the inside of I do not match , you know ? and then I look around the room and it hit I . I see my whole life . where I be gonna live , what type of car I would drive , who my neighbor would be . I see it all and I do not want it . not that life . ext . construction site - weymouth - 1966 - day George sit with Fred . it 's breaktime and Fred eat from a lunch box . GEORGE there 's something out there for I , dad . something different . something free form , you know ? something for I , and college just be not it . fred that 's too bad . you would have be the first one in the family . GEORGE I know . fred alright . you want I to get you old job back ? because I could , you know , I could put in that word . GEORGE no , dad . I do not want to ... I mean , I just do not want ... it 's obvious to Fred that he son do not want to be like he . fred what be you go to do ? GEORGE I be go to California . ext . belmont shore apartment - 1968 - day superimpose : manhattan beach , california 1968 George and tuna , now 21 - year old , struggle with they bag . they new place be a tackily furnish , two -story apartment with small balcony and a view of the ocean . as George and tuna struggle with the bag , two California beauty appear on the balcony next door : barbara buckley , 20 , and maria gonzale , 21 . girl you guy need some help ? George and tuna share a look . tuna I do not know about you , but I think we be gonna like it here . ext . manhattan beach - 1968 - day series of shot Barbara and Maria introduce George and tuna around to the Manhattan Beach regular . they be immediately accept despite they ill fitting short and tuna 's unhip black sock . the beach scene be one big party . lot of beer , music , bikinis , and good time . by the end of the day , George and tuna have a hundred new friend . GEORGE ( v.o. ) California be like nothing I would ever experience . the people be liberated and independent and full of new idea . GEORGE ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) they use word like " right on , " " groovy , " and " solid . " the woman be all beautiful and seem to share the same occupation . woman # 1 I be a flight attendant . woman # 2 I be a flight attendant . woman # 3 I be a flight attendant . the weed come out and be pass around . pipes. joint . bong . in slow motion , Barbara take a huge hit of grass , grab George 's face , french kissing he , and give he a huge shotgun . int . belmont shore apartment - 1968 - day George and Barbara be sleep late . they body intertwined beneath the sheet . a slam of the front door wake they up . it 's tuna . tuna hey , wake up . come on , you two lovebird . hurry , I want to show you something . George and Barbara shake cobweb out and stumble into the kitchen to find tuna hold a brown paper shopping bag . tuna ( cont 'd ) figure it out . GEORGE figure what out ? tuna you know how we be wonder what we be go to do for money ? be how we do not want to get job and whatnot ? well , check this out . tuna take the paper bag and empty its content on the kitchen table . it 's a grey mound of stocky , seedy marijuana . Barbara examine the reefer . barbara tuna , this be crap . tuna I know it 's not the great . it 's commercial . barbara it 's garbage . GEORGE it 's oregano . you get rip off , pal . what be you gonna do with all this ? tuna we sell it . I get it all figure out . we make three finger lid and sell they on the beach . we move all of it . we have make ourselves a hundred buck . or a lot of weed for we head . what do you think ? not bad , huh ? I get the baggy and everything . barbara you can not sell this to you friend . tuna man . fuck you guy . I have this great idea and you guy have to be all skeptical . barbara look , if you really wanna score some dope , I get the guy . ext . the whipping post - manhattan beach - 1968 - day George , Barbara and tuna stop outside the front door . GEORGE be you sure this guy be cool ? barbara you will see for yourself . tuna a beauty parlor for man ? sound pretty queer . they walk in . int . the whipping post - manhattan beach - 1968 - continuous George , tuna and Barbara enter . the whipping Post be California 's first male hair salon . George look around at the customer 's be pampere . haircuts , pedicure , manicure . GEORGE nothing like this back home . barbara derek ! derek foreal be a curious man . daringly effeminate , especially for the sixty , he be always surround by beautiful woman . as he see Barbara , he stop he haircut and run to embrace she . derek barbie ! derek 's female entourage rush over as well . kiss all around . derek ( cont 'd ) so , this be the new man , huh ? he 's cute ! George and tuna stick out there hand . GEORGE George . tuna tuna . derek tuna , oh my . enchante , George . barbie , he 's yummy . he look like a Ken doll . oooh , Ken and barbie . it 's perfect . alright , girl , give I five minute . derek make dismiss gesture and the girl scatter . derek ( cont 'd ) everyone , shoo ! you , too , barbie . I want to talk to the boy alone . after the girl leave , derek close the partition and he playful demeanor change . he 's all business now . derek ( cont 'd ) what can I do for you guy ? GEORGE we want some grass . derek I know what you want . but , first of all , be you cop ? GEORGE no . derek because if you be , you have to tell I . if not , it 's entrapment . GEORGE we be not cop . we be from massachusettes . I mean , do he look like a cop ? derek I guess not . okay . you know , you be very lucky you be friend of barbie 's . if you be not , I would never talk to you . derek pull a television - size brick of quality marijuana out from under a sink and set it down in front of George . GEORGE what the fuck be that ? derek it 's you grass . tuna wow . that 's more than we have in mind . derek I do not nickel and dime . you want it or not ? George and tuna look at each other . GEORGE we will take it . ext . manhattan beach - 1968 - day series of shot summer on the beach . it 's one big party . George and tuna be on the beach . they be the new king . they smoke pot and drink brews . George and Barbara get close as do tuna and Maria . slowly , George 's clothes and hair start to look better , cooler . George and tuna hang out with the surfer . George and tuna hang with Barbara , Maria and some girlfriend in bikinis . George and Barbara hang together at the life guard stand . George and tuna on the strand with hippy professors sell half - ounce . derek , tuna , George , Barbara , Maria and the elve play volleyball . barbecue at belmont shore apartment with George , Barbara , derek , tuna , Maria and different elve . George and tuna sell half - ounce to biker . derek be have a party out of a mini-van in the beach parking lot . George , Barbara , tuna and Maria be there . ext . manhattan beach - 1968 - sunset George and Barbara sit by the water , watch the wave crash into the sand . the sky be streak with purple and red . GEORGE this be it for I . barbara what be ? GEORGE just everything . you. California . the beach . this spot right here . I feel like I belong here , you know ? it just feel right . barbara you happy , baby ? GEORGE yeah . I be . ext . worksite - weymouth - 1966 - day the worksite be busy . George be amongst other worker , work a summer job . as George be take five , he look across the sight to Fred , who be sweeping up debris . a long way from be the boss . int . college admission office - weymouth - 1966 - day George stand in line to register for college , wear he brook Brothers suit , bowtie , and freshly bryllcream hair . the room be crowded and the line be long . Bob Dylan 's " subterranean homesick blue " blare out of one of the kid 's transistor radio . George look around the room . he be uncomfortable . he catch he reflection in the shiny glass partition and stop . he do not like what he see . something be not right . he look like everyone else . same cookie-cutter hair , same cookie-cutter clothes , same cookie cutter face . he 's a carbon copy . registration woman next . it 's George 's turn but he do not hear it . " twenty year of schooling and they put you on a day shift . " the word hit he like a tone of brick as he continue to stare at he own reflection . GEORGE ( v.o. ) I be stand there , and it be like the outside of I and the inside of I do not match , you know ? and then I look around the room and it hit I . I see my whole life . where I be gonna live , what type of car I would drive , who my neighbor would be . I see it all and I do not want it . not that life . ext . construction site - weymouth - 1966 - day George sit with Fred . it 's breaktime and Fred eat from a lunch box . GEORGE there 's something out there for I , dad . something different . something free form , you know ? something for I , and college just be not it . fred that 's too bad . you would have be the first one in the family . GEORGE I know . fred alright . you want I to get you old job back ? because I could , you know , I could put in that word . GEORGE no , dad . I do not want to ... I mean , I just do not want ... it 's obvious to Fred that he son do not want to be like he . fred what be you go to do ? GEORGE I be go to California . ext . belmont shore apartment - 1968 - day superimpose : manhattan beach , california 1968 George and tuna , now 21 - year old , struggle with they bag . they new place be a tackily furnish , two -story apartment with small balcony and a view of the ocean . as George and tuna struggle with the bag , two California beauty appear on the balcony next door : barbara buckley , 20 , and maria gonzale , 21 . girl you guy need some help ? George and tuna share a look . tuna I do not know about you , but I think we be gonna like it here . ext . manhattan beach - 1968 - day series of shot Barbara and Maria introduce George and tuna around to the Manhattan Beach regular . they be immediately accept despite they ill fitting short and tuna 's unhip black sock . the beach scene be one big party . lot of beer , music , bikinis , and good time . by the end of the day , George and tuna have a hundred new friend . GEORGE ( v.o. ) California be like nothing I would ever experience . the people be liberated and independent and full of new idea . GEORGE ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) they use word like " right on , " " groovy , " and " solid . " the woman be all beautiful and seem to share the same occupation . woman # 1 I be a flight attendant . woman # 2 I be a flight attendant . woman # 3 I be a flight attendant . the weed come out and be pass around . pipes. joint . bong . in slow motion , Barbara take a huge hit of grass , grab George 's face , french kissing he , and give he a huge shotgun . int . belmont shore apartment - 1968 - day George and Barbara be sleep late . they body intertwined beneath the sheet . a slam of the front door wake they up . it 's tuna . tuna hey , wake up . come on , you two lovebird . hurry , I want to show you something . George and Barbara shake cobweb out and stumble into the kitchen to find tuna hold a brown paper shopping bag . tuna ( cont 'd ) figure it out . GEORGE figure what out ? tuna you know how we be wonder what we be go to do for money ? be how we do not want to get job and whatnot ? well , check this out . tuna take the paper bag and empty its content on the kitchen table . it 's a grey mound of stocky , seedy marijuana . Barbara examine the reefer . barbara tuna , this be crap . tuna I know it 's not the great . it 's commercial . barbara it 's garbage . GEORGE it 's oregano . you get rip off , pal . what be you gonna do with all this ? tuna we sell it . I get it all figure out . we make three finger lid and sell they on the beach . we move all of it . we have make ourselves a hundred buck . or a lot of weed for we head . what do you think ? not bad , huh ? I get the baggy and everything . barbara you can not sell this to you friend . tuna man . fuck you guy . I have this great idea and you guy have to be all skeptical . barbara look , if you really wanna score some dope , I get the guy . ext . the whipping post - manhattan beach - 1968 - day George , Barbara and tuna stop outside the front door . GEORGE be you sure this guy be cool ? barbara you will see for yourself . tuna a beauty parlor for man ? sound pretty queer . they walk in . int . the whipping post - manhattan beach - 1968 - continuous George , tuna and Barbara enter . the whipping Post be California 's first male hair salon . George look around at the customer 's be pampere . haircuts , pedicure , manicure . GEORGE nothing like this back home . barbara derek ! derek foreal be a curious man . daringly effeminate , especially for the sixty , he be always surround by beautiful woman . as he see Barbara , he stop he haircut and run to embrace she . derek barbie ! derek 's female entourage rush over as well . kiss all around . derek ( cont 'd ) so , this be the new man , huh ? he 's cute ! George and tuna stick out there hand . GEORGE George . tuna tuna . derek tuna , oh my . enchante , George . barbie , he 's yummy . he look like a Ken doll . oooh , Ken and barbie . it 's perfect . alright , girl , give I five minute . derek make dismiss gesture and the girl scatter . derek ( cont 'd ) everyone , shoo ! you , too , barbie . I want to talk to the boy alone . after the girl leave , derek close the partition and he playful demeanor change . he 's all business now . derek ( cont 'd ) what can I do for you guy ? GEORGE we want some grass . derek I know what you want . but , first of all , be you cop ? GEORGE no . derek because if you be , you have to tell I . if not , it 's entrapment . GEORGE we be not cop . we be from massachusettes . I mean , do he look like a cop ? derek I guess not . okay . you know , you be very lucky you be friend of barbie 's . if you be not , I would never talk to you . derek pull a television - size brick of quality marijuana out from under a sink and set it down in front of George . GEORGE what the fuck be that ? derek it 's you grass . tuna wow . that 's more than we have in mind . derek I do not nickel and dime . you want it or not ? George and tuna look at each other . GEORGE we will take it . ext . manhattan beach - 1968 - day series of shot summer on the beach . it 's one big party . George and tuna be on the beach . they be the new king . they smoke pot and drink brews . George and Barbara get close as do tuna and Maria . slowly , George 's clothes and hair start to look better , cooler . George and tuna hang out with the surfer . George and tuna hang with Barbara , Maria and some girlfriend in bikinis . George and Barbara hang together at the life guard stand . George and tuna on the strand with hippy professors sell half - ounce . derek , tuna , George , Barbara , Maria and the elve play volleyball . barbecue at belmont shore apartment with George , Barbara , derek , tuna , Maria and different elve . George and tuna sell half - ounce to biker . derek be have a party out of a mini-van in the beach parking lot . George , Barbara , tuna and Maria be there . ext . manhattan beach - 1968 - sunset George and Barbara sit by the water , watch the wave crash into the sand . the sky be streak with purple and red . GEORGE this be it for I . barbara what be ? GEORGE just everything . you. California . the beach . this spot right here . I feel like I belong here , you know ? it just feel right . barbara you happy , baby ? GEORGE yeah . I be . int . belmont shore apartment - 1968 - day George walk in to find tuna and Maria sit with kevin dulli , a old friend from back east . he 's sit in front of a water pipe and cough he ass off . tuna look what the cat drag in . GEORGE Holy shit , dulli . what the hell be you do here ? kevin well , I will tell you . I be walk down the beach , mind my business , when who do I see but this fuck guy . I do not know you guy be live in California . GEORGE yeah , but what be you do out here ? kevin I be on vacation . on my way back to school . GEORGE this call for a joint . you want to do the honors ? kevin no , man . I be too fuck up . tuna Nice weed , huh ? kevin fuck yeah . I never see nothing like it . I be fuck waste . GEORGE right on . kevin G -d , I be stone . I be stone . I be really ... GEORGE stone ? kevin I wish there be shit like this back home . GEORGE yeah ? kevin shit , yeah . do you know how much money I could make if I have this stuff back east ? tuna no shit , Kevin ? kevin that 's right . GEORGE yeah ? kevin when there 's something to move , it 's too easy not to . do you know how many college be in a twenty mile radius ? U. mass , amherst , b.u .... tuna Smith . Hampshire .... kevin right . and holyoke . there be a hundred thousand rich kid with they parent ' money to spend , but there 's never anything available . nothing good , anyway . I be pay four hundred dollar for shit . int . the whipping post - manhattan beach - 1968 - day derek , George and Barbara sit around . the blind be draw . GEORGE the way we figure it , Barbara fly to Boston twice a week . two bag per flight . twenty - five pound in each bag . derek you be kid , right ? that 's a hundred pound a week . GEORGE yeah , I know , it 's a lot of weight . barbara we be gonna call it California sinsemilla . sound exotic . GEORGE I be tell you , derek , it will sell . derek I do not know ... GEORGE here 's the best part . we can charge five-hundred a pound . derek come on , George , no one be go to pay that . GEORGE it 's already be negotiate . it 's do . the money be there wait . derek look at Barbara . she nod . derek goodness . GEORGE goodness be right . if you do the math , that 's over thirty grand a week profit . I want you to be my partner on this , derek . fifty-fifty . that 's fifteen thousand a week for you , my friend . in you pocket , free and clear . derek and I only deal with you ? GEORGE Barbara and I . no one else . derek think about it . barbara it 's gonna work , derek . derek I do not know . East coast . airplane . it all sound pretty risky . GEORGE she 's a flight attendant . they do not check she bag . ext . los angele INTERNATIONAL airport - 1968 - day George drop Barbara off in she uniform curbside . they kiss and she walk away with two big , red samsonite . she check they with a skycap and tip he . ext . sky - 1968 - day a huge jet go right to leave through frame . int . logan airport - gate - boston - 1968 - day Barbara be greet by kevin dulli with a hug . a baggage claim check be slip into Kevin 's hand . barbara any message ? kevin keep it come . int . logan airport - baggage claim - boston - 1968 we see Barbara 's two red samsonite be take off the belt by Kevin . int . logan airport - gate - boston - 1968 same scene repeat , except different clothes on all . maybe Kevin be dress a little better . kevin more . int . logan airport - gate - boston - 1968 the same scene repeat , same thing change again ; now Kevin be definitely dress a little better . kevin I need more . barbara what do you want I to do ? I can only take two bag , and I can not fly back here everyday . kevin I know , but I have get a feed frenzy on my hand . tell George this be small potato . we be miss out on some serious cash . you tell George . he will think of something . ext . winnebago - 1968 - day music cue : tuna drive the big winny . Maria ride shotgun . barrel cross -country , it 's a party on wheel . ext . white oak lodge - amherst - 1968 - night Kevin and he girl , rada , be the welcoming committee as the rv pull into the parking lot . they wave , slap the side of the winnebago , and greet the prodigal son with hug and handshake . int . white oak lodge - amherst - 1968 - later George 's room be rustic and plush . a log fire burn and empty champagne bottle adorn the surroundings . the girl have take to each other . the music be loud , and they dance while the boy do business . Kevin count out the money . it 's stack in pile all over the table . kevin twenty , forty , sixty , eighty , nine . twenty , forty , sixty , eighty , a thousand . it 's all there . wow . a hundred and twenty - eight thousand dollar . tuna Jesus Christ , I be get a boner just look at it . but George be not pay attention . his wheel be turn . kevin what 's the matter , George ? something wrong ? you look like you just fuck you mother . tuna cheer up , man . half this money be ours . we be fuck rich . GEORGE it 's not enough . kevin what ? tuna what the fuck be you talk about , man ? GEORGE the set - up be wrong . we be do all the legwork , and at the end of the day , we be still pay retail . we be get middle . kevin so ? GEORGE so , we need to get to the source . tuna source ? what about derek ? GEORGE he 's get middle , too . and derek 's we partner . what 's good for we be good for he . kevin okay . so we need a source . where do we start ? GEORGE who speak Spanish ? ext . puerto vallarta - mexico - 1968 - day music cue . superimpose : puerto vallarta , mexico we pan off the beautiful water of Puerto vallarta . this be a local beach on a Saturday afternoon . the girl on the beach be drink coco- loco and swim . series of shot - the gang looking for a connection George with a bartender . tuna and dulli with cabby . George and derek talk with a local man , ramon , at a corner bar . Barbara , Maria and rada talk with local girl . ext . oceana bar - puerto vallarta - 1968 - day tuna this be bullshit , George . we be never go to find anything down there . kevin you know , he 's get a point . we be fuck Americans . we stick out like sore thumb . derek I do not think so . GEORGE you guy be such baby . you want to go home , go . I , I be not go to stop until I find the fuck motherlode . rada georgie , we be gonna get bust if we keep this up . GEORGE we be not gonna get bust . kevin George , we will wind up in a mexican prison get fuck up the ass by one of Maria 's relative . maria hey , fuck you , dulli . I be not mexican . I be italian . barbara you be italian ? kevin yeah , right . Gonzales . what be that , sicilian ? tuna as far as I be concerned , we be on fuck vacation . he grab Maria , run and do a huge belly - flop into the water . they all laugh . series of shot . George and Barbara with local musician on the beach . George and derek at a cab stand . George talk with a bellboy in the lobby of a local hotel . int . coco frios bar - puerto vallarta - 1968 - day George , Barbara , tuna , derek , Maria , Kevin , and rada be at the bar . Ramon come up to George , they briefly discuss and George follow he out of the bar . ext . street - puerto vallarta - 1968 - day George and Ramon climb into a beat up v.w. bug and take off . ext . countryside - puerto vallarta - 1968 - day field and Farms . the v.w. bug pull up to a old ranch . they get out of the bug and be greet by santiago and he three son . santiago Ramon tell I you be look for some mota . GEORGE yes , I be . santiago move to a tarp and pull it back to reveal many bale of green , seedless sinsemilla . santiago for instance , something like this ? GEORGE very nice . I will take it . santiago ha ha ha . you be funny . really , how much will you be need ? GEORGE all of it . as much as you have get . a couple thousand pound . I will be back in a week with a plane . santiago listen , americano , it be very nice to meet you , but maybe we be go too fast . you take a little and then come back . GEORGE I do not need a little . I need a lot . santiago marijuana be illegal in my country , and I believe in yours , as well . we must be careful . GEORGE what if I bring you , let 's say , fifty thousand dollar ? would that eliminate some of you concern ? santiago amigo , you bring I fifty - thousand dollar , and I have no more concern . ext . santa monica airport - 1968 - day a pair of boltcutter snap the chain off a single - engine cessna . tuna I can not believe we be steal a plane . kevin do not be such a pussy . GEORGE it 's fine . we be not steal it . we be borrow it . and try to look natural . we have get company . a mechanic work on the adjacent plane be give they the hairy eyeball . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) be cool . the three boy nod they head in acknowledgement and give a small wave . the mechanic smile and wave back . int . cessna - 1968 - day the engine be on and the propeller be spin . Kevin be at the control . tuna be not make the trip . he poke he head in before shutting the cockpit . tuna you guy be fuck insane . George read from a flight manual . GEORGE alright , pull back the throttle ... the engine scream . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) not that far , only halfway . you sure you know what you be do ? kevin relax . I have fly with my old man a million time . and he always tell I , the take off part be easy , it 's the landing you have get to worry about . ext . santiago farm - mexico - 1968 - day the plane try to land . it 's a clumsy one . the cessna be tipping and touch , first one wheel , then another , almost sideways before straighten out and stop . George and Kevin hop out of the plane . they be greet by santiago and the mexican contingency . amigos hola , George ! bienvenido ! George hand out present to everyone . he 's like Santa Claus , give gift to every man , woman and child . they love he . santiago pump George 's hand . santiago good to see you , jorge . you be a man of you word . GEORGE actually , I have get some news . that fifty thousand I promise you , I could not get it . George throw santiago a duffel bag . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) so I bring you sixty . ext . dry lake beds - twenty - nine palm , CA . - 1968 - dusk rada sit in the winnebago and keep flash the headlight . Barbara , tuna , and Maria stand on top of the winnebago wave big , white towel . the plane descend from the sky and touch down , make another extremely shaky landing . int . foreal be house - manhattan beach - 1968 - night it 's on the water and beautiful . the furnishings be distinctly derek foreal . it 's a surreal scene . the holiday decoration be up , topless women in elf outfit sip champagne , and a thousand pound of cannabis lay on the live room floor . GEORGE be you sure you want to do this in front of everyone ? derek do not be ridiculous , this be my baby . George empty the pot all over the floor . derek ( cont 'd ) George , you be a genius . we be rich . come , child . the girl dive on top of derek , caress and kissing he . derek ( cont 'd ) George , get my camera . derek pose with a load of marijuana like it 's a new fur . derek ( cont 'd ) take a picture of I , George . take a picture of I with my new friend . it will be a fabulous Christmas card . int . villa - puerto vallarata - 1970 - day a mexican Real estate agent show Barbara and George a sprawling villa in Puerto vallarta . it 's amazing . White marble on the water . George look at Barbara . GEORGE should we buy it ? barbara be you kid ? GEORGE we will take it . ext . villa - puerto vallarata - 1970 - magic hour the team be there . all of they . George , Barbara , Kevin , rada , tuna , Maria and derek with a couple of new senorita friend . they all wear identical mexican sombreros . a mexican boy approach they with a camera . mexican boy picture ? they pose , they arm throw around each other in camaraderie , and flash . the picture freeze and we dissolve . int . the buggy whip - weymouth - 1972 - night George be take Barbara and he parent out to dinner . the buggy whip be ermine 's favorite . ermine I just can not get over the size of that ring . I just love it . Fred , look at it . tell I you do not love that ring . fred I be just happy that George have find someone he care for . ermine yes . of course . but , I be talk about that ring . it 's something else . let I tell you . barbara George have exquisite taste . ermine what be that , two carat ? that 's get to be two carat . barbara I do not know . ermine yes . it 's at least two carat , darling . treasure it . fred hard to imagine be able to afford a ring like that on a construction salary . all eye turn to George , who fumble . GEORGE well , you know . it 's um ... ermine oh , shut up , Fred . shut you big fat mouth . you do not buy it all at once . it 's call layaway . fred layaway shmayaway . ermine that 's right . layaway . something you would not know anything about , you cheapskate . fred who 's the cheapskate ? ermine you , you big old tightwad . he still have he communion money . tell he , George . tell you father about layaway . GEORGE yeah , layaway . ermine the boy be happy , Fred . do not be such a killjoy . fred killjoy ? George look to Barbara , whose nose be bleed . GEORGE honey , you nose ! barbara oh my G -d , I be so sorry . ermine Barbara , here , take my napkin . barbara thanks . I will be okay . GEORGE you wanna split ? barbara yeah , I do not feel so well . GEORGE okay , guy , we be gonna leave . let 's get the check . ext . the buggy whip - weymouth - 1972 - later George and Barbara exit the restaurant . GEORGE be you sure you be okay ? you be pale . barbara I feel like shit . I and my frigging nosebleed . GEORGE I be take you to the doctor when we get home , and I do not want to hear any argument . barbara would you be bum out if I do not go to Chicago with you ? GEORGE no , not at all . sure . you be right . you fly home and get some rest . barbara Nice first impression . a nose bleed in front of you parent . GEORGE oh my G -d , how embarrassing be they ? I want to shoot myself . barbara oh , they be not that bad . I mean , they be kind of cute . GEORGE promise I that we will never be like they . I do not want to wind up like that . barbara relax , baby . we be go to wind up like we . int . police station - chicago - 1972 - day superimpose mug shot of George . Left , right , center . George sit handcuff to a chair . pile of marijuana brick roll past he . GEORGE ( v.o. ) I have a little problem in Chicago . something about try to sell a truckload of dope to a undercover officer . so I apply the three rule of the game under if and when arrest . int . cook county courthouse - chicago - 1972 - day George and he court appointed attorney stand before the judge at the arraignment . GEORGE ( v.o. ) rule one : do not fight . a trial will cost you a fortune in lawyer 's fee and the jury will chop off you ball and hand they to you on a platter . judge George jung , you have be accuse of possession of six - hundred and sixty pound of marijuana with intent to distribute . how do you plead ? GEORGE ( v.o. ) rule two : plead not guilty and get bail out of jail . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) you honor , I would like to say a few word to the court . the court appoint attorney put he head in he hand . judge by all mean . GEORGE in all honesty , I do not feel like what I have do be a crime and I think it 's illogical and irresponsible for you to sentence I to prison . none of the real criminal of the world ever end up behind bar . I mean , when you think about it , what do I really do ? Cross a imaginary line with a bunch of plant ? you say that I be a outlaw , you say that I be a thief , but where 's the Christmas dinner for the people on relief ? George stop when he attorney stamp on he foot . the court officer roll they eye and the judge smile . judge that be very interesting concept you have , Mr. jung . unfortunately for you , the imaginary line you cross be real , the plant you bring with you be illegal , and what you do constitute a crime . the judge slam he gavel . judge ( cont 'd ) bail be set at twenty - thousand dollar . ext . cook county courthouse - chicago - 1972 - night George walk out , free on bond , to find Barbara wait for he . she do not look so good . barbara surprise . GEORGE baby , you do not have to come . barbara what , and miss all the fun ? c'mon , not a chance . so , what 's the verdict ? GEORGE lawyer say he can plead it down to five year . I will serve two . barbara two year . George , I can not wait that long . GEORGE what ? you be not go to wait for I ? barbara George , I go to the doctor . I do not have two year . GEORGE ( v.o. ) which bring I to rule number three : which say , fuck rule one and two , skip bail and take off . ext . rent-a-car - 1972 - day George hit the gas and the car scream down the road . ext . villa - puerto vallarta - 1973 - golden hour George and Barbara sit on the veranda drink champagne and watch the sun go down over the Pacific . Barbara be completely bald . Rail thin , eye sink . but it do not matter . they be have a great time . they laugh and hold hand and laugh some more . ext . cemetery - puerto vallarta - 1973 - day everyone be there . all in black . Barbara 's casket be lower into the ground and George climb to he knee to push the first dirt on the grave . GEORGE ( v.o. ) time be such a funny thing . I look at where I be now , and in here , time inch along . so slow , it hardly seem like it move . but back then , time go fast . ext . otisville f.c.i . - new york - 1999 - day George push dirt along the edge of a flower root . still plant that sunflower , he press down firmly , stand before he be Barbara , still beautiful and young with flow lock . George raise he hand and make a small wave . Barbara open and close she hand . bye bye . GEORGE it go too fast . George look down and Barbara be go . no Barbara . ext . jung house - backyard - weymouth - 1973 - night George hop the fence like he do when he be a boy and go in the back door . int . jung house - kitchen - continuous ermine look at George blankly . GEORGE hi , Mom . ermine just keep look at he . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) surprise to see I ? ermine take you boot off . you be tan . GEORGE Mexico . ermine yeah . we hear all about it . I want you to know I be deeply sorry about you girlfriend . GEORGE Barbara . ermine yes , Barbara . she be very pretty . GEORGE thank you . have you be get the money I send you ? ermine you mean the drug money ? yes , I get it . ermine 's hand be tremble . she be emotional . she hug George ferociously , not let go . ermine ( cont 'd ) G -d , son . GEORGE okay , Mom . it 's okay . where 's dad ? George turn around to see Fred 's beam face . int . jung house - kitchen - later George and Fred sit at the table , a bottle of scotch sit between they . the glass be raise . GEORGE May the wind always be at you back and the sun always upon you face ... fred ... and the wind of destiny carry you aloft ... both ...to dance with the star . the glass clink and the drink be suck down . int . jung house - later the bottle be dwindling . George and Fred be feel it . fred you alright ? George nod . GEORGE just low . fred you love she , do not you ? you really love she . GEORGE yeah , dad . I really do . what be I gonna do ? fred tough spot . the glass be refill . GEORGE you mad at I ? fred not mad . GEORGE yeah , you be . I can tell by the way you look at I . fred I just do not know what you be think . I do not understand you choice . you know , the police be look for you . GEORGE I know . I be great at what I do , dad . I mean , I be really great . fred let I tell you something , son . you would have be great at anything . something outside catch George 's eye . a light . a reflection . a movement . George be up and on the move . fred ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? ext . jung house - night the front door open and federal agent pour into the house . int . jung house - continuous George be up the stair in a flash . ermine George ! int . george' bedroom - continuous George slam the door behind he , move over to the window , and open it . cop everywhere . he 's trap . out of option , he fold . he move to the corner and sit down , turn on the train set . a knock on the door be hear . FBI agent , jame T. trout . trout George jung , you be under arrest . fred open the door , son . ext . jung house - later they lead George outside in handcuffs . ermine and Fred watch . ermine I have no choice . George stop and look at he mother , for the first time realize she betrayal . ermine ( cont 'd ) do not look at I like that . what be I suppose to do ? you be in we house . what , be I suppose to be a accomplice ? as George be lead to the police car , ermine follow . ermine ( cont 'd ) you do not think people know you be a drug dealer ? everyone know . it 's no secret . how do you think that reflect on I ? every time I go out , I be humiliate . I see the stare . I hear the whisper . how do you think that make I feel ? do you ever once stop and think of I ? George 's head be push down as he be put in the squad car . he look up at he mother . ermine ( cont 'd ) so you go to jail . it 's for you own good . you need to straighten you life out . int . danbury f.c.i . - 1974 - day superimpose : George be be lead through a series of gated corridor . guard prisoner in . as he walk , he take in the face of the other inmate . he arrive at he cell and notice he have a roommate . guard ( cont 'd ) prisoner in . the cell door open and George step inside . there be book and papers spread out over both bunk bed . George watch as he cellmate quickly clear everything off the top bunk . apparently , the papers be private . George put he thing down and the little man proffer he hand . he be dark , polite and colombian . diego delgado my name be Diego delgado . how do you do ? int . danbury f.c.i . - mess hall - 1974 - day George push he tray through the cafeteria line . Diego be behind he . diego if you do not mind I ask , what be the reason you be in this place ? GEORGE what ? diego you offense ? why be you here ? GEORGE I do not want to talk about it . diego intrigue . I see . would you like to know my crime ? GEORGE not really , no . diego no ? GEORGE I do not like a lot of conversation , Diego . diego I , too . too much blah , blah , blah , blah be no good . but we be roommate , okay ? and we must talk to each other . I be arrest for steal car . for the grand theft auto . okay ? so , now it be you turn . now you will tell I , okay ? you will tell I why you be here ? George say nothing . he keep eat he food . diego ( cont 'd ) oh , come on , George . if we be to be friend , we must trust each other . GEORGE murder . diego ah , yes . the murder . int . danbury f.c.i . - george' cell - night George lay on he bunk , smoking . Diego be on the bottom bunk , furiously write on a notepad . he flip through he book and rustle he papers . George peek over the side to see what Diego be do . GEORGE what do you get there , Diego ? diego nothing . just a little project . GEORGE what kind of project ? diego never mind . not for you to worry . GEORGE I think you say we be roommate . that we should talk about everything . diego you have you intrigue . I have mine . this be a happy day for I , George . nine month from today , I will be in medellin sip champagne . in nine month , I be free . how much time do you have ? GEORGE twenty -six month . diego twenty -six month ? for murder ? I must be you lawyer . GEORGE I have get to get out of here , Diego . diego only two way I know to leave here early . one be to escape . GEORGE what 's the other one ? int . danbury f.c.i . - classroom - day George be try to teach basic education to the inmate . the room , mostly black and hispanic , be hostile . they do not want to learn . GEORGE alright , let 's open we book . inmate # 1 man , fuck you . inmate # 2 we be not open shit . inmate # 1 you just the warden 's boy . we on to you . you just try to knock some time off , asskiss motherfucker . Diego watch as the room react with laughter . this be not go to be easy . GEORGE alright . you be right . I want to get out of this shithole as fast as I can . and I do not want to do this any more than you do . but for I to walk early , some of you have to graduate . you , forget about it . you be hopeless , go to sleep . the room laugh again . inmate # 3 damn , homeboy , you get ruin . GEORGE but the rest of you could get diploma and get job when you be on the outside . the room look at he . they be not buy it . inmate # 1 shit , I be in for life . inmate # 2 I be a criminal . I be not get no motherfuck job . GEORGE we can learn some criminal shit , too . alright , I will make you a deal . what if half the time , we learn about George Washington , and the other half , I will teach you how to smuggle drug ? inmate # 2 man , you do not know dick about smuggle no drug . GEORGE I be arrest in Chicago with six hundred and sixty pound of grass . I think that qualify I . Diego look up from he desk , suddenly very interested . inmate # 1 how do you get a hold of six - hundred and sixty pound of dope ? GEORGE flew it in from Mexico on a single engine cessna . now , do we have a deal or not ? they react . they be in . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) alright , the first thing you need to know about smuggle drug be that it 's easy . the dea be a bunch of loser . they could not find they dick in a whorehouse . they do not know what the fuck they be do ... Diego watch George win over the room . he listen intently to George 's every word . his wheel be turn . int . danbury f.c.i . - george' cell - night light out . Diego and George lay in they cot . George be tired . Diego be not . diego George ? hey , George ? I listen to what you say to the class today about the smuggle . you be a magico , ah ? George do not respond . diego ( cont 'd ) I never believe you be a murderer . I know . I know you be a magico . I have see it in you . it 's in you spirit . GEORGE I be tired , Diego . go to bed . diego you like to make the boundary disappear . it 's not only the money , be it , George ? the adventure be part of the victory . it 's the thrill , ah ? GEORGE good night . diego in my country , I be a magico . a man with a dream . a man on the rise . to take nothing and make it something , okay ? I have fail my dream , but I will accomplish . that be why I be in you country . yes , I lose my freedom . but they do not take my dream . do you have a dream , George ? GEORGE I would if I could get some sleep . diego yes , you have a dream . and maybe you accomplish you dream . but yet you fail . why ? GEORGE because I get catch . diego no , my brother . GEORGE because they catch I ? diego you fail because you have the wrong dream . Diego climb off he bunk and look George square in the eye . diego ( cont 'd ) George ? what do you know about cocaine ? int . danbury f.c.i . - mess hall - day GEORGE I do not know , Diego . I have get a good thing go already . everybody smoke pot . it 's easy . Cocaine be a rich man 's drug . it 's too expensive . diego no , no . that be where you be wrong . for we , it be cheap . in medellin , we buy for six - thousand dollar a kilo . in Miami , we sell for sixty . George 's interest be pique . GEORGE that 's over fifty - thousand dollar profit per kilo . diego and that 's wholesale . cut it a few time and retail , you be look at two , three - hundred thousand . GEORGE oh my g-d . diego yes . and a kilo of coca be smaller than a kilo of you precious marijuana . everything be the same , George , except instead of thousand , you be make million . GEORGE Jesus Christ . Jesus fuck Christ . diego now do you see what I be say ? GEORGE get it here be no problem . trust I . I will fly it in myself if I have to . what about supply ? how much can we get ? diego do not worry . we will talk of everything . we have the time . you arrive here with a bachelor of marijuana , but you will leave with a doctorate of Cocaine . int . danbury f.c.i . - george' cell - night Diego and George pour over Diego 's plan . discuss , plan , plotting . diego what type of plane do you have ? GEORGE four passenger , single engine cessna . diego how many kilo can we fit in this plane ? GEORGE I do not know . a hundred , hundred and fifty . how many mile be it from colombia to Miami ? diego Fifteen hundred . we will have to stop somewhere to refuel . GEORGE we will refuel in the Bahamas . I know someone there . diego great . I love the Bahamas . ext . liquor store - weymouth - 1976 superimpose : JULY , 1976 . George be at a payphone . he drop in about a million quarter until he be finally connect . GEORGE Diego delgado , please ? diego allo ? GEORGE Diego ? it 's George . diego George , hallo ! today be the day , ah ? be you out ? GEORGE yeah , I be out . diego congratulation , brother . I have be wait for you . GEORGE how be we do ? diego perfect , George . perfect . everything be fine down here . everything be all set up . GEORGE do we need a plane ? how do this work ? when do I see you ? diego slow down , George . slow down . Fred exit the liquor store carry two bottle of dom perignon . as he catch George 's eye , he lift the bottle show they off . George hold up he finger , indicate he will be just a second . diego ( cont 'd ) you need to come down here , everybody meet everybody . Ho ho ho . ha ha ha . we do one for good faith and then we talk about airplane . GEORGE I can not go anywhere , Diego . I be on parole . I can not leave the state . diego but you must . it 's the only way . GEORGE I just get release five minute ago . diego George , be we gonna do this or not ? ext . basseterre HOTEL - antigua - poolside - 1976 - day George step outside and spot Diego . they eye meet . Diego look different , relaxed . he wear a straw hat , short , and sport a healthy tan . the two man embrace . GEORGE good to see you , Diego . diego yes . look around you . the sun . the water . the woman . it 's better than danbury , no ? come on . I have some friend I would like you to meet . ext . basseterre HOTEL - antigua - poolside - 1976 - day Diego and George sit with five other colombian , most notably , a man name cesar roza . the mood be not friendly . diego Fifteen kilo . Seven and a half in each suitcase . you receive a hundred thousand dollar upon delivery . GEORGE okay . cesar not so fast . I would like to go over the detail . GEORGE what detail ? I put the coke in the false bottom and take it through custom . cesar tell I about the suitcase . what be the make and the color ? diego samsonite . Red . no tag . Cesar think about it . cesar hmm . I see . will there be clothes in the suitcase ? GEORGE what ? yeah , sure . cesar whose cloth ? you clothes ? GEORGE my clothes , you clothes . what do it matter ? cesar I would like to know the content . every detail be important . GEORGE what be we do here , Diego ? this guy 's a clown . he 's talk about clothes . cesar I demand to know everything . I do not trust six - hundred thousand dollar of coca to someone I do not know . GEORGE it 's a lousy fifteen kilo . I piss fifteen kilo . cesar the coca be my responsibility ! GEORGE you be a fuck amateur ! diego gentlemen , please . there be no need to be impolite . Cesar , this will be fine . you have my word . George , Cesar be just be thorough . that 's all . cesar very well . but just remember , Mr. jung . I will be with you the whole way . and I will be watch . int . logan airport - custom - 1976 - day George carry the two samsonite over to custom inspection . it 's a long walk . George 's heart beat hard . the sound be audible and grow with every beat . BA - bump . BA bump . Cesar lurk at the baggage carousel . GEORGE ( v.o. ) when you be carry drug across the border , the idea be to remain calm . the way I do it be to think of something pleasant , a fun party , a moment of triumph . a sexual encounter . I actually project myself to that place . anything to keep you mind off the fact that you be go to jail for a very long time if they find the fifteen kilo of cocaine in you suitcase . George stand in front of the custom agent . he try he best to look relaxed as the agent review he document . custom agent on vacation ? GEORGE yes . custom agent on vacation for only one day ? BA -bump . BA - bump . the heartbeat be very loud . GEORGE ( weak smile ) my brother 's wedding . imagine that , huh ? George 's breathe be labor and he swallow reflex do not seem to be work . Cesar pass through , eyeball George the whole time . custom agent open you bag , please . George open the samsonite . Super dry mouth . BA - bump . BA bump . the beat be deafen now . Cesar nervously monitor the situation from the payphone . custom agent ( cont 'd ) whose clothes be this ? GEORGE mine . the custom agent hold up a woman 's undergarment . Cesar throw up he hand in frustration . custom agent and this ? GEORGE what can I tell you ? different stroke . George wink at the custom agent , who shake he head before finish the inspection . custom agent alright , go ahead . ext . logan airport - payphone - continuous George move to the payphone , set down the two suitcase , and pretend to make a call . not inconspicuously , Cesar grab the bag and walk quickly out of the terminal . int . basseterre HOTEL - antigua - 1976 - day Diego , Cesar , George and jack steven , a silver haire executive type , lounge around the mini-suite . Cesar still have that crazy look in he eye . diego Three -hundre kilo it be , then . a beautiful Latin woman enter and kiss both Diego and Cesar . her name be inez , and friendly she be not . diego ( cont 'd ) have everyone meet inez ? this be George . I have tell you about he . and this be friend , Jack Stevens . the man proffer they hand , but she just look at they like ant before sit down next to Diego . diego ( cont 'd ) try to be more respectful , darling . my apology . but she be mistrustful of Americans . shall we proceed ? let 's hear it again , Mr. Stevens . steven I will fly down on a Friday , refuel in the Bahamas , and then to medellin . inez Friday ? inez address Diego and Cesar only . she speak in Spanish . the conversation be about " why Friday ? " inez have some problem with it . Diego explain . and inez be reassure . diego please , continue . GEORGE we make the pick - up , refuel once more in the Bahamas , and fly back on Sunday with the mom and pop traffic . cesar why be you speak ? GEORGE Excuse I ? cesar you . you responsibility be over . you do not fly . you be not a pilot . you be not a distributor . you introduce we to Mr. Stevens and the use of he airplane . that be all . you make a percentage . a generous one . and you be lucky to get that . GEORGE I see . how much ? cesar padrino will pay ten-thousand per kilo . for everyone . for you , and you , and you . he indicate George , Diego and Jack Stevens . cesar ( cont 'd ) there be no negotiation . Three - million dollar . that be all . steven I want two . GEORGE gee , Jack , a million each have such a nice ring to it . steven no way . I be do all the work . take all the risk , and it 's my plane . Diego and George look at each other . steven ( cont 'd ) hey , you guy do not have to do shit . just sit back and collect you money . GEORGE you good with this ? Diego nod . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) alright . this be too much for inez to handle . she start scream machine gun Spanish . something about a " lousy two -hundre and fifty - thousand dollar , " and how Diego be " such a coward " to give away all he money . Diego be embarrassed but try to remain calm . diego you will watch what you say . especially around George . he be my brother and he speak as good Spanish as you . but inez be wild . she start in again , a log of " puto ( sob 's ) " , and " cojone " and " maricone ( gay / sissys ) . " even Cesar be uncomfortable . Diego stand . diego ( cont 'd ) okay . that 's enough . inez get you hand off I . inez take a swing at Diego and catch he full across the face . time stop in the room . question . what will Diego do ? answer : smack ! Diego swing back and a full scale be on . Cesar continue the conversation . it 's surreal . as if Diego and inez be not beat the shit out of each other right in front of they . cesar do you have picture of you kid ? steven what ? cesar I will need to see they . also need they name and the name of they school . we be trust you with ninety million dollar worth of coca , Mr. Stevens . without you child , there be no deal . Stevens think about it . kid as collateral . inez and Diego be still duking it out . but Diego finally get the upper hand and drag she into the bedroom . steven Fine . so if that 's all , I will be leave now . Cesar walk he to the door . cesar do not forget the picture . Diego call from the other room . diego ( o.s. ) George . George , come in here . int . LA belle mer - bedroom - later Diego have put inez in the bathroom and be hold the door close . she pound and kick and scream in frustration , but he pay no attention . diego what 's the matter , George ? GEORGE what 's the matter ? we be move three hundred fuck kilo and we be make dogshit . diego a million dollar for we first run be not bad , George . GEORGE it be bad . it 's chump change . we might as well be haul suitcase across the border . we be get screw . diego I know . GEORGE and what happen when this guy stop pay ? sooner or later , this guy be go to cut we out . then where be we ? diego that 's my George , always think . the door be yank open to reveal inez . she be in a rage . Diego slam it in she face . diego ( cont 'd ) this be only part of the business , George . a very small part . do not worry , there be so much more to do . which remind I , I need a favor from you . I must go to colombia . GEORGE what be it , George ? because I have to get home . I have get a parole officer wait for I . diego I need you to go to Miami . ext . venetian king apt . - miami - 1977 - day George get out of a taxi to find several colombian men hang around outside a apartment . he check the address and move over to the man . GEORGE I be George . friend of Diego 's ? the colombian man be not impressed . they grab George and pull he inside . int . venetian king apt . - continuous George be pin against the wall and the colombian man all start scream at he in Spanish . there seem to be a problem . a man , alessandro , step forward . he be the one who speak English . alessandro quiet ! callate ! where 's Diego ? GEORGE I do not know . he send I . I be George . alessandro oh , I see . George . well , that explain everything . open you mouth , George . George 's puzzle look be replace by a gun barrel in he face . alessandro press it against George 's front tooth . alessandro ( cont 'd ) now , you listen to I . be you hearing I ? George nod . alessandro ( cont 'd ) you see this ? he indicate two duffel bag stuff with fifty kilo of cocaine . alessandro ( cont 'd ) I have be hold this shit for he for three week . you tell Diego I do not appreciate it . you tell he I want my money by Friday . can you do that ? GEORGE um-hmm . int . jung house - george' room - day George sit on he bed , read . two duffel bag be tuck away in the closet . ermine poke she head in . ermine you have a phone call . George pick up the phone . diego ( o.s. ) George . GEORGE Jesus Christ , Diego , where be you ? it 's be eleven day and this guy want they fuck money . diego ( o.s. ) bad news , George . I be in colombia . GEORGE well , you better get here fast . I be sit on ... George notice ermine be loitering in the hallway , eavesdropp . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) hi , Mom . George acknowledge she before shutting the door in she face . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I be sit on fifty fuck key . get you ass up here . int . carcel do varone - medellin , colombia - continuous it 's a South american prison . Diego be on the pay phone . diego it 's a little hard to get away right now . I be afraid you be on you own . int . foreal be house - manhattan beach - 1977 - night George and derek sit in the live room with mr . T , a hippie ish look professor . on the table sit various paraphernalia . scale , beaker , test tube , and a hot box . George and derek watch as Mr. T scoops some of George 's cocaine and set it onto the two-inch metal plate . mr . T what we be do be measure the purity . pure coke melt out a hundred and eighty - five , a hundred and ninety degree . cut agent melt much lower . about a hundred degree . quality product start melting at a hundred and forty degree . that 's what I be hope for . Mr. T turn the dial . 120 . 130 . 140 . mr. T ( cont 'd ) good . 150 . 160 . mr. T ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ . 170 . 180 . mr. T ( cont 'd ) Holy fuck Mary ! Jesus , fuck I run ! where do you get this shit ! at one - hundred and eighty - seven degree , the white powder dribble off the hotplate and melt away . mr. T ( cont 'd ) damn ! can I do a fuck line ?! Mr. T put he nose in the powder . George pull foreal aside . GEORGE what do I tell you ? derek it 's great and everything , but what be I go to do with all this ? GEORGE sell it ? diego Jesus Christ , George , I do not see you in two year , and you show up at my door with a hundred and ten pound of cocaine ? GEORGE just sell it , derek . derek alright , but it 's gonna take I a year . int . the whipping post - manhattan beach - 1977 - night money everywhere . all over the floor , the counter , the chair , and even in the sink . George and derek count the money patiently , write the dollar amount in yellow high lighter on the top of each stack , before wrapping it with a rubber band . diego thirty -six hour . I can not believe it . everything be go in thirty - six hour . GEORGE I think it 's fair to say you underestimate the market there , derek . diego touche . GEORGE but to the victor belong the spoil . George divide the money . there 's a hell of a lot . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) half a million for you . half a million for I . one-point - three five for the colombian . derek Nice do business with you , George . GEORGE not bad for a weekend 's work , huh ? int . airport - miami - day immaculate in he white turtleneck and sunglass , George walk with two aluminum case . he be greet by alessandro and he thug . alessandro greeting , Mr. George . GEORGE where do you guy want to count ? alessandro on the plane . GEORGE what plane ? we go someplace ? where we head ? you have you money . it 's all there . what the fuck be go on ? they usher he away . ext . olaya herrera airport - medellin - day superimpose : medellin , colombia the lear jet land . ext . deserted sugar factory - los rios , colombia - day the blazer pull into a long driveway . they approach a gate where shirtless teenager with mac - 10' stand guard . the gate open . young soldier open the door for George and roughly usher he over to a Jeep within the confine . they frisk he top to bottom . Diego be lean against another Jeep and wait for George to be release . diego George , good to see you , my brother . GEORGE what the fuck be go on ? when do you get out of jail ? diego Pablo use he influence . now , George , watch what you say . everybody hear everything . a lot of thing get say and do that , well , let 's just say this be not America . life be cheap here , you know ? no offense , but you know what I be say ? GEORGE yeah . keep my mouth shut and let you do the talk . diego right . now who be the person in California ? the connection ? GEORGE just a friend . diego who ? I need to know . ah , never mind . we will talk about it later . GEORGE yeah . you do the talk . the sound of a young man , a maleton , struggle can be hear in the distance . from another area , pablo escobar emerge . he be singular in purpose . he be hand a pistol and move quickly over to the man and quietly speak a few word . and then , without emotion , he shoot the maleton in the head . George and Diego , who be visibly shake , watch . escobar be hand a towel , and he wipe the splatter blood off he hand , as he move back . large colombian man he will see you now . ( to Diego ) not you . diego there must be some kind of mistake . large colombian man no mistake . Mr. escobar will see Mr. jung alone . you be to wait here . George hesitates . diego it 's alright , George . you go . large colombian man this way , please . the large colombian man escort George towards the area where the maleton be just shot . George look back at Diego as he be lead away . escobar so , this be the man who take fifty kilo and make they disappear in one day ? GEORGE actually , it be three . escobar the man who give we the airplane . the man from America . the mafia . Chicago . boom boom . Hollywood . you be go to open for we the gate of Hollywood , George ? GEORGE it would be my pleasure . escobar good . very good . welcome , my friend . welcome to my country . escobar move over to embrace George . George return it , and they hand come together . George can not help it . he reflexively look at he hand . escobar understand . escobar ( cont 'd ) the man in the garden . he be full of courage . GEORGE un sapo ? escobar un rata - no good . but he could have run , fle the country . go to the policia . but then he wife , he child , he parent , he friend , many people would die . GEORGE yes . escobar but , never mind . I be think we can do much together . this problem with Diego , the steal car , the jail , be very silly business . to release he from the carcel , it cause I much inconvenience . the fifty kilo could have be a big problem . and I do not like problem . GEORGE with all respect , padrino . Diego be my partner . I do not do business without he . escobar look at he with a cold stare . but George do not flinch . his face reveal nothing . finally , a smile break across Pablo 's lip . escobar I like you , George . you be loyal . that be good . that be rare . maybe crazy . yes . I can tell already . you be like I . I look at you and I see myself . it 's in the eye , no , George ? GEORGE yes , it be . escobar so , you be want to sell the cocaine for I in you country , George ? GEORGE yes , sir . as much as you can give I . escobar as much as I can give you ? ha ha . very good . I like that . come , George . let we drive . we have much to talk about . Diego watch the two man walk outside . escobar throw a arm around George 's shoulder . Pablo hop into a Jeep and motion for George . the bodyguard come run . but Pablo wave they away . ext . mountainside - colombia - day escobar pull the Jeep off the road and park it . before they be a stun panorama . escobar I like to come up here . to make the decision . to be one with nature . GEORGE it 's beautiful . escobar people tell I that I be crazy . that my business will never work in you country . what do you think , George ? escobar look out over the vista , allow George the time to respond in full . GEORGE what do I think ? I do not want my answer to be influence by what I want , so I be go to have to say I do not know . escobar yes . I do not know , either . what do you want , George ? GEORGE I want money . escobar yes. money . which be what , George ? GEORGE freedom . escobar power ? GEORGE yeah , maybe . escobar family . GEORGE sure . escobar beautiful girl ? GEORGE keep they come . escobar keep they come ? ah , yes . ha ha . you be right . but money . GEORGE money . escobar and Diego ? GEORGE Diego be my brother . escobar look at George a long time . he 's inscrutable . escobar good . take care of he , George . I be fond of he , but he be sometimes like a baby . keep a eye on he , okay ? ext . deserted sugar factory - entrance - day Diego be a little piss off for be leave for so long . he tap he foot and pick at he fingernails . escobar and George pull up in the Jeep . Diego leap to he foot . diego padrino . escobar wrap he arm around Diego in a embrace . escobar Diego , mijo . I have make a decision . we be go into business and I would like to start right away . montage - GEORGE and diego taking over the world the follow image be overlaid with snow fall and money drop through frame . close shot of George and Diego on the phone , wheeling and deal , hand count cash , and line be draw off mirror . the effect be surreal and dreamy . int . warehouse - day a duffel bag be unzip , revealing brick and brick of cocaine . each mark with a " p . " a knife puncture one of the brick . a mound of white powder be bring up to a man 's nose . it 's George who sample , and then it be sample by the man he be do business with . the shot widen to reveal all the participant and dozen and dozen of duffel bag . a handshake seal the deal . still photo handshake after handshake after handshake . int . miami house - night George and Diego count cash . it 's everywhere . all over the floor , in two - foot stack . more still photo various transaction complete . int . miami house - night George and Diego count . it 's ridiculous how much money there be . the stack be now waist high and spill into other room . inez be there , pace the floor and rapid-fire talk on the phone . more still photo George and Diego , the banditos . cigar . Champagne . arm around each other in camaraderie . in Diego 's yellow Ferrari . with inez , sun on a yacht . more coke and more transaction . when the deal be with derek foreal , Diego be always notably absent . int . miami house - night the money be so high , it almost reach the ceiling . there be nowhere to put it . George and Diego sit at the coffee table , dwarf by the stack of bill . there be a discrepancy in the count . GEORGE Three million . I count it twice . diego it 's two -point - five , George . I be sure . George start to pick up the money . GEORGE I be call it three . diego we be half a million off . GEORGE fuck it . I be not count it again . diego Weight it . if it 's sixty pound , it 's three . if it 's fifty , it 's two - point five . GEORGE I do not give a shit . Close enough . George move down the hall look for a place to stack the money , but there be no more room . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) where do I put this !? diego try the back bedroom . George open the back bedroom door to find wall - to - wall money . it 's pack . GEORGE there 's no room . diego try the closet . no luck there , either . George drop the money on the floor and move back into the live room . GEORGE we have get to do something about this . int . banco do federale - panama CITY - day superimpose : panama CITY , panama George and Diego watch as they money be haul into a huge wall safe . armed panamanian soldier stand guard . the panamanian official and the bank president oversee the proceedings . GEORGE be you comfortable with this ? diego George , we have get sixty - one million dollar . it 's either here or someplace else . we have get to put it somewhere . unless you want to launder it . GEORGE and keep only forty - percent ? no thanks . diego then relax . it 's a federal bank . guaranteed by the government . and senor noriega have very lenient banking principle . no question . no problem . all the pesados keep they money here . even El padrino . what do you worry ? everyone know we be with escobar . who be go to fuck with we ? int . banco do federale - president's office - day George and Diego sign papers . the bank president congratulate they and hand they documentation . GEORGE I love it . bank president I be sorry . GEORGE I give you thirty - million dollar and you give I this little book . more still photo Diego and inez 's wedding . the ceremony . the ring . the kiss . the lineup with all of the bridesmaid . George be the best man , and the only american . int . biltmore HOTEL - ballroom - night a huge reception . all the pomp and circumstance colombian money can buy . politician . policeman . and every smuggler north of colombia . George sit with Diego and inez at the table of honor . inez be open present . Diego 's tipsiness be a little out of character , but hey , it 's he wedding day and a little champagne never hurt anyone . he drunkenly throw he arm around George 's shoulder . diego I be marry , George . me. I can not believe it . can you believe I be marry , George ? GEORGE you be a lucky man , Diego . diego I love you , my brother , do you know that ? GEORGE I love you too , man . George notice mirtha show tooth across the room . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I will be right back , Diego . inez look , honey , a power boat . diego great , baby , great ! they kiss . George walk across the dance floor directly towards mirtha . GEORGE hello . mirtha hello . GEORGE do I know you ? mirtha I do not think so . GEORGE why be you smile ? mirtha why be you smile ? GEORGE I do not know . my name be George . mirtha I know who you be , El americano . mister George . GEORGE what be you name ? Cesar arrive . cesar Mr. jung , I see you have meet my fiancee , mirtha . he kiss she . GEORGE mirtha . cesar Diego need to see you right away , please . Excuse we , amorcito . they leave . George look back , mirtha be give he more tooth . George arrive at the table . various greeting . augusto please to meet you finally , George . I be augusto oliveras . GEORGE my pleasure , augusto . Diego have tell I much about you . ramon ochoa congratulation on you conquest of the West Coast . how much bigger can we get ? GEORGE Sky 's the limit . we be just beginning to tap the market . if it 's accept by actor and musician , the rest will follow . they all agree . mirtha still give George the tooth from across the room . Diego return to the table . augusto we be talk about George 's West Coast operation . diego ah , George 's mystery man . rafael ojeda yes , where be this man ? when do we meet he ? diego you do not meet he . George keep this a secret . he 's here meeting everyone , go to colombia and meet Pablo , but still keep he secret . even from he brother . juan carlo " the guapo " come on , George , we be all in this together . emilio ochoa yes , George , there 's enough for everybody . GEORGE I think padroni be happy with the current situation . will you please excuse I ? George exit after mirtha . int . biltmore HOTEL - ballroom - continuous George step into the empty lobby look for mirtha . he can not find she . she appear from the shadow and startles he . George embrace she and plant one on she . mirtha you better know what you be do , George . you be play with fire . GEORGE I like fire . montage - music cue - live the good life close up - George do a huge line , leave to right . close up - mirtha do a huge line , right to leave . ext . miami drag - day a stretch limo fly by , leave to right . the window be open and mirtha and George whoop it up as they go by . int . miami nightclub - night George and mirtha out on the crowded dance floor , groove to the salsa rhythm . still photo Champagne bottle in hand , George and mirtha on the tarmac run from the limo to the wait private plane . ext . five STAR HOTEL - los angele - day George and mirtha poolside , wear shade , get some sun . she blow he a kiss from the adjoin lounge chair . he blow one back . she lick she lip and it 's on . he 's out of the chair , pour champagne over she tan body , and lick it off . she squeal with delight . a table get knock over as they cause a commotion . a hotel manager come over , but George hand he a wad of cash and he quickly fuck off . int . miami nightclub - night - magical reality the dance be in super slow motion now . passionate , carnal , intimate . still photo George busy gift for mirtha and she show they off for the camera . a fur . a ring . a house . int . eastham house - day overhead shot of George and mirtha 's bedroom . it 's completely cover with money . completely cover . George and mirtha make love on the sea of cash . as camera pull up we see money slowly fall from the ceiling . int . silver STAR wedding chapel - las vega - 1978 - day there be no white dress . there be no tuxedo . George and mirtha have not even take off they sunglass . mirtha I do . they kiss . mirtha wipe she red nose . mirtha ( cont 'd ) I need a fuck drink . int . eastham house - continuous George move to the bedroom . mirtha be pregnant and she 's show . she 's also bent over a mirror with a straw in she hand . George open the door and take she by surprise . GEORGE Jesus Christ . mirtha oh , do not be such a fuck hypocrite . I quit smoking , do not I ? GEORGE put that shit away , they be here . int . eastham house - downstair - later mirtha and George lead Fred and ermine from room to room , show off the house . the decor be , well , eclectic . it do not match the architecture . ermine it 's all so beautiful . mirtha what do you think , dad ? fred yeah . Nice . ermine look at this credenza . if you do not mind I ask , how much be something like that ? it 's get to cost a fortune . GEORGE ( quickly ) it 's a family heirloom . ermine I have see that in magazine . they be not cheap . GEORGE mirtha come from a very wealthy family . ermine oh , I see . mirtha come on . I will show you the rest of the house . George and he father move outside . ext . ground - continuous George and he father walk . GEORGE so , business be go good . I have get this import / export thing go on in Miami that 's be very profitable . with my investment ... fred do not bullshit I , George . I do not see you very much , I do not want to waste the time . they move along the rear of the house . classic car line the driveway . fred ( cont 'd ) you come from my body , remember ? you be my baby boy . the same kid who would jump off a mountain if someone tell he he could not do it . you have not change much . I know the thing you do . not everything . but I get the picture and I do not care . I do not like it . it 's not what I would have choose for you , but it 's you life . it do not have anything to do with I . he turn and look at he boy . fred ( cont 'd ) you be like you mother . you love money . GEORGE dad . fred no , it 's good . you have a family . it 's good if it make you happy . it 's nice to have nice thing . be you happy , son ? GEORGE yeah , dad . I be happy right now . int . holiday motel - little havana - 1978 - day Diego put a straw in he nose and snort a big gakker . his eye be wide , he pupil dilate , and a weapon stick out of the back of he pants . he knock the dust off he nose before move outside . George be on the porch , smoking a cigarette . diego Three year . how long have we be in business ? Three year . do she get to meet you connection ? be she good enough ? GEORGE shut up , Diego . they be go to be here any minute . I be try to concentrate . diego I be very angry with you , George . very angry . you do not take I to California , but you take you bitch wife ? a woman ? I understand you love she , but it be you and I who start this . you and I . GEORGE what do you need my connection for , Diego ? what be you go to do with it ? diego what do I do with it ? nothing . it 's for peace of mind . it 's for the principle . George do not have time for this . he check the cylinder on he weapon and run over possible scenario in he mind . but Diego will not get off the soap box . GEORGE Jesus fuck Christ , Diego . I be not tell you . it 's just business . now , shut up . you be drive I crazy . diego I be drive you crazy ? no . you be drive I crazy . we have a dream . what happen to we dream ? a black sedan pull up and five puerto rican men approach the room . George and Diego greet they and lead they inside . it 's game time . the atmosphere be charge with danger and everyone be acutely aware of everything . the guy sit down , they gun bulg through the inside of they suit . the suitcase be open . the rule be the same . no English . no raise voice . no sudden movement . George offer they leader , tony , beer for he man , and be politely decline . the count start . George and Diego riff through ten thousand dollar bundle . Diego be still act pissy . he 's mumble to himself , make face , slamm the money all around . the guy keep a close eye on he . Diego finish a stack , throw one of the bag on the ground . the conversation be in Spanish unless otherwise indicate . tony algun problema ? GEORGE no no no ... no problema , amigo . El dinero esta todo aqui . lleve las " llave " y mas tarde lo contaremo . okay ? no problem . tony que problema ? nosotros esperamos . the pressure be get to one of the hood . his name be benny . he 's get a crazy eye and he seem ready to snap . George resume the count , but Diego will not get off it . diego ( English ) you embarrassed I , George . you make I look very bad . benny que esta diciendo ? GEORGE nothing . todo esta bien . diego ( English ) everything be not alright . I bring you in , and you slap my fuck face ! GEORGE this be not the time , Diego . the man all reach for they piece and all hell start to break loose . tony Hay algun problema ? hablame ! diego ( English ) you fuck I in front of my whole family ! GEORGE fuck you ... I do not fuck you . benny maldita sea , que diablos esta diciendo ? GEORGE esta todo aqui , amigo ... take the key . take them and go . tony que esta pasando aqui , jefe ? diego sientese ye no se meta en lo que no le importa . the gun be out and point . it 's out of control now . GEORGE take it easy ! everything 's okay ! diego que es lo que quieren de I , hijueputas campesino ? George step forward with the key . GEORGE take the fuck key ! blam ! courtesy of benny , George be hit . the shoulder , the collarbone . it 's hard to tell . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) estoy bien , okay ? everything be alright . there 's no problem . okay ? this never happen . no one have to know anything about this . Diego , I want you to calmly tell they where the fuck coke be . do it now . diego es un Ford blanco junto a una pick -up . tony very carefully take the car key . GEORGE no problem , gentleman . Goodbye . the man slowly back out the door . George look at Diego . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) derek foreal . diego what ? GEORGE derek foreal . derek foreal . derek fuck foreal . alright ? the answer to all you dream . be you happy now ? ext . los angele INTERNATIONAL airport - day George and Diego exit the terminal . George 's arm be in a sling . the familiar sight of derek foreal be lincoln Continental . the three man come together , and Diego and derek be introduce . the men' hand come together and the frame freeze on they handshake . ext . eastham house - upstair - day Fred pull into the driveway in he new car and honk the horn . Fred and ermine get out of the car . fred hello , hello . int . olivero mansion - miami - night it 's a New Year 's Eve party . a lavish colombian celebration . George and a very pregnant mirtha move through the crowd to find augusto . augusto I be so glad you two could make it . mirtha , look at you . so beautiful . you look like you be about to burst . mirtha thanks . I be . where 's martha ? augusto I do not know . drunk somewhere . try the bar . and if you find she , tell she to come , it 's almost midnight . as mirtha leave , augusto throw he arm around George 's shoulder . augusto ( cont 'd ) it 's good you come down , George . we need to discuss a few thing . diego where 's Diego ? augusto he 's not here , George . GEORGE yeah , well where be he ? and who be this norman K. guy ? that 's all anyone be talk about . norman K. norman K. do I know he ? augusto let out a big laugh . augusto norman Cay be not a person . he be a island , George . in the Bahamas . from what they say , it be free and it 's Diego 's new home . GEORGE what ? augusto throw a arm around George 's shoulder . augusto let we walk . from what I understand , Diego have buy a hundred and sixty acre , a marina , a hotel , and a airstrip . GEORGE motherfucker work fast . augusto the word be that soon he be to be king of the middle empire . he be do multiple run right now and use the island as a jump - off point . GEORGE he what ? augusto yes . Jack Stevens be already a very busy man . along with many other . you should not stay away so long . GEORGE that 's impossible . we can not be up and run . who 's distribute ? augusto say nothing . but the ball be drop in Times square. 10 , 9 , 8 , 7 ... GEORGE ( cont 'd ) oh , no . happy New Year . streamer , confetti , and champagne . George march through the kissing guest and over to a phone . he 's steaming . the music be up , so he have to scream . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) hello , derek ? this be George . be I wear lipstick ? I say , be I wear lipstick ? because when I be get fuck , I want to make sure my face be pretty . you be buy directly from Diego , be not you , you son of a bitch ? intercut derek foreal in full New Year 's regalia , complete with party hat . derek I do not want to get catch in the middle of this . that 's between you and Diego . George 's face scrinches in pain . derek ( cont 'd ) it 's nothing personal , George . just business . GEORGE yeah . I understand . just business . right . fuck you . the song end , and George be leave stand there scream . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I bring you in , and this be how you repay I ? you little homo ! hey , derek ? derek ? int . olivero mansion - dine room - 1979 - later it 's late . the family be all there . Fifteen , twenty strong . Cuban coffee all around . mirtha que va hacer ? augusto que quere decir . que es lo que el va hacer ? pue , no va hacer nada . maria alguna cosa tiene que hacer . family member # 2 De otra manera , es un marica . family member # 3 un hijueputa family member # 1 maricon . family member # 2 mira , vos so responsable por el exito de Diego . family member # 3 El se esta burlando de vos . debe hacer algo , hombre . maria no puede hacer no un culo . augusto El no va hacer nada . Hay un problema . aqui , hubo un error y nosotros lo vamos ha arreglar . blanca no le escusch a mis yerno . a el solo le importa la plata . blanca reach into she purse , pull out a ice pick fold in a piece of linen cloth , and put it down in front of George . blanca ( cont 'd ) vo lo tene que matar , ahorita mismo . De lo contrario vas a quedar como un marica sin horror . family member # 3 mejor dicho vos so un aculillado . family member # 1 maricon . blanca sabe que , vos no tene pantalone . nadie the va a respetar . usa esto . deja solo un huequito tan pequeno , que no sangre le va a salir a ese malparido del Diego . augusto blanca , por favor . mirtha mama , vos so bien antigua . como lo va a matar con un picahielo . eso era en su tiempo , estamo casi ya en los ochenta . El lo va a meter un tiro , lo va a volar , le va a hechar un hijueputa carro encima . augusto dejen la maricada pue ! no jodan ! nadie va a matar a nadie ! George , debemo hablarle al patron , es la unica manera , mano . GEORGE no , no , no , no yo puedo arregarlo solo . ext . norman cay - bahamas - 1979 - dusk George cruise through the turqoise water of the Caribbean in a sport fisherman . before he be norman Cay . White sand beach . beautiful . pristine . ext . norman cay - dock - dusk wait for he be Cesar . cesar good to see you , George . it 's be a long time . int . the yacht club - sunset the yacht Club be a tavern style bar that jut out over the water . the crimson sky streak the window . Diego look like che guavera . his hair be long , and a gray beard stick through he gaunt face . the bar have be take over by Diego 's banditos . Automatic weapon and prostitute accent this drunken set . George be escort through the door by Cesar , and the room quiet . all eye on Diego and George . Diego rise . diego George , I be happy to see you . how be you , my brother ? GEORGE no more brother , Diego . diego of course we be brother . why do you say that ? you hurt I , George . GEORGE you fuck I , Diego . diego I do not . GEORGE you go behind my back and you cut I out . diego no , I never . I would not do that , George . never . GEORGE I talk to foreal , Diego . there be a pause . Diego 's goons ready they weapon as Diego scoops up a cringer with he pinky and sniff . diego maybe you be right . I do betray you a little bit . one of the man say something in Spanish and everyone laugh . George be furious . he start to tremble and he face turn red . diego ( cont 'd ) oh , boo hoo , boo hoo . so sad , George . I steal you California connection . so what ? who introduce you to Pablo escobar ? me. who introduce you to you fuck colombian wife ? me. who protect you when my friend Cesar roza want to slice you fuck throat , huh ? who mad you million and million of dollar ? me. and what do I get in return ? this ? accusation ? I have always give you everything , George , but that be over now . this be my operation . my dream . so go home , George . go back to you stupid little life . you can sell half gram to you fuck relative for all I care . because you be out ! George lunge at Diego and be immediately grab . GEORGE you would better kill I now , Diego , because you be a dead man . diego George , do not be so emotional . this be business . besides , I can not kill you , you be my brother . they lead he away . ext . yacht club - continuous George be get the shit kick out of he . his tooth break , kick in the head , the body , the groin . his arm stomp . blood and break bone . it 's a king size beat . the man prop he up and Cesar reach back and hit he with a haymaker . crack . George 's nose be break . blood spurt everywhere . George be drop to the ground , spit on , and leave for dead . cesar say " hi " to you pretty wife for I . ext . hacienda los napole - colombia - pool - day a beautiful , sprawling estate . a family barbecue , colombian style , be in full swing . kid play soccer . Zoo animal run wild together . George be lead outside by two over -armed bodyguard . Pablo see he and give George a big hug . escobar George , you look terrible . GEORGE yeah , well ... escobar Diego ? GEORGE yeah . escobar please . sit down . we will drink some scotch . GEORGE I do not come here to drink scotch . escobar I see . I be sorry about this , George . I be not happy about this situation . it 's bad . you now know who you brutus be . GEORGE you know why I be here . you know what I have to do . I come here for permission . out of respect , Pablo . this be bullshit , he 's make I look like a punk . escobar it be very difficult . Diego make I a lot of money . if Diego go so do the money . you be a excellent teacher , George . when the student have learn well , the teacher be no longer necessary . we must remember we have wife , friend , familia . even familia that have not be bear . but sometimes , we must forget as well . I be like you . I must teach the lesson . we want to teach the lesson . but we cannot . we must remember that life be the teacher . GEORGE you be say life will take care of Diego ? escobar life will take care of everybody . Diego , I , you . it be the teacher . GEORGE I get it . I be really piss , Pablo . you know the dea know about norman 's Cay . for chrissake , Diego worship Adolf Hitler and John Lennon , that 's fuck up ! escobar I be sorry , George . GEORGE yeah , well , what be you gonna do ? you and I , Pablo ? be we good ? escobar of course , George . we be beautiful . we be brother . Real brother . not like Diego . we start this , George . escobar embrace George for a moment , and then George start to move away . escobar ( cont 'd ) and , George ? the vengance ? it be best serve cold . int . eastham house - george' bedroom - night mirtha be sleep . she 's so big , she look like she 's gonna explode . George sit on the bed and rest he hand on mirtha 's face . he look like the elephant man . mirtha George . oh , Jesus Christ , George . look at you . GEORGE shhh , honey , never mind . it 's alright . it 's over . I quit the business . I be out . mirtha Pablo say no ? GEORGE Pablo say no . it 's all over . and I be never go back . I have you . we have the baby . and there 's nothing else . it 's just the family now . shhh. sleep now . ext . eastham house - day Fred , ermine and mirth be wait for George in the car . mirtha 's water have break . ermine honk the horn from the back seat and scream out the window . ermine George , it 's time ! George ! George ! int . house - continuous George be high and in a panic . he race around , try to get a suitcase pack and find he key . GEORGE come ! he finally get it together , but before he run out the door , he do one last blast . int . cape cod hospital - hyannis - maternity - day mirtha be on the birthing table and scream in pain . she 's crown . George wear hospital scrub and a surgical mask . he and he saucer pupil hold mirtha 's hand in comfort . the baby come , and doctor mick BAY slap it 's behind and cut the cord . tough ass mirtha break down and sob hysterically . but something be wrong with George . the color drain from he face . he grab he chest and fall over onto the floor . the medical staff attend to he . GEORGE ( v.o. ) watch my baby girl bear do something to I . they talk about religious experience , I do not believe in religion . but when kristina Sunshine jung come into this world , something in I change . I look at she and I know right then that I could never love anything but my daughter ever again . it sound sappy , but it be like , click , I know what I be put on this planet for . it be the great feel I ever have follow by the worst feel I ever have . nurse he faint . mirtha George ! the doctor grab George 's wrist . dr . BAY he 's in tachycardia . George , you heart be racing . have you be use drug ? GEORGE Coke . dr . BAY Cocaine ? how much ? GEORGE I do not know . maybe eighteen gram . dr . BAY in how long ? a week ? GEORGE today . dr . BAY oh , Jesus , get I a 12 - lead e.k.g. and start a i.v. stat ! this man be have a heart attack . int . cape cod hospital - hyannis - later George lie in the recovery room , sedate , tube everywhere . he 's hook up to iv 's , monitor , and machine . Dr. Bay enter . dr . BAY I have review you toxicology report three time , George . I have never see anything like it . eighteen gram . the lethal dose be a gram and a half . you should be in the Guinness Book . George crack a faint smile . dr . BAY ( cont 'd ) it 's not funny , George . you should be dead right now . absolutely . I can not come up with one logical explanation for why you be still breathe . I be not here to give you lecture , I have get no moral interest in what you do . but , take it easy , George . stay with we a while . you have get a daughter now . int . eastham house - day kristina be cry . daddy George to the rescue . he pick she up , cuddle she . give she a bottle and she quiet . ext . eastham house - front yard - 1980 - day a one - year- old kristina be be coax by George to take she first step . GEORGE come on . come on , honey . you can do it . come to daddy . kristina try , stumble . get up again . she look like a drunk , but she 's do it . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) good girl ! mirtha enter . she 's all pin out , dress in ungaro , cartier , and dark sunglass . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) look , mirtha . she 's walk . mirtha she do that before . GEORGE no . this be she first step . watch she . mirtha yeah . I know . she do that before . GEORGE but this be ... mirtha I say , I have see it before . GEORGE alright . mirtha can you lift the furnace . I need money . GEORGE where be you go ? mirtha out . montage - series of shot - 1980-85 home movie style &amp ; photograph the year go by and they be superimposed as they pass . George , clean and sober , enjoy family life . healthy and happy . Mr. mom. mirtha look worse and worse as she habit become bigger and bigger . as George and kristina grow closer and closer , mirtha be step out on the town . blow money right and leave . Shopping with mirtha , buy clothes , fur , and diamond . as kristina get older , we see she birthday party . George and kristina wear paper hat and eat ice cream . she 's two year old , she 's three , four , five , six ... int . eastham house - 1985 - night the eastham house be all do up for a party deluxe . fully cater , with bartender , waiter , music , the work . and of course the three ces , champagne , caviar and colombian . George be laugh with augusto and martha oliveros , but when derek foreal appear in the doorway , George excuse himself and walk over . derek happy birthday , George . mirtha invite I . GEORGE yeah . she tell I . derek look , I be sorry about everything . I feel like a idiot . you be right . I do fuck you . and then Diego fuck I . cut I out , too . GEORGE I hear . derek I lose sight of everything . forget who my friend be . GEORGE it 's in the past . I be out of the business now , so forget about it . no hard feeling . we need to move on . and besides , I be sorry , too . derek you ? GEORGE for call you a homo . derek that be out of line . George throw he arm around derek 's shoulder . GEORGE good to see you , derek . mirtha run in with a giant crystal punch bowl fill with mother of pearl . she hold it over she head triumphantly . mirtha now let 's fuck party , motherfucker ! let 's have some fuck fun . derek Jesus , be that mirtha !? a very underweight mirtha nervously run around the party , shove coke up everyone 's nose . she be gakk to the gill and out of control . her pupil a mile wide . derek ( cont 'd ) Christ almighty , George . feed she a cheeseburger or something . what do she weight , eighty pound ? GEORGE I know . she need to slow down . she 's go to blow a o-ring . sing . the birthday cake be bring in , the candle be blow out and everyone cheer . mirtha run over to she husband , still hold the cocaine . she 's sweaty , she hair matte down on one side . mirtha happy birthday , baby . do a line . she try to push a line up he nose . GEORGE no , that 's alright . mirtha oh fuck relax . let you hair down for once . it 's you fuck birthday , for chrissake . you be such a fuck pussy . I swear to g-d , I marry this big time drug dealer and wound up with the may . mirtha 's loud now and make a scene . he think about it . GEORGE no honey , I be alright . augusto a toast ! to mister George jung. Mr. I 95 , north and south . my brother - in-law . happy birthday ! everyone raise they glass . everyone to George ! a party guest come run inside . party guest cop ! they be all over the place . the waiter , in they white jacket , exchange know look . the bartender come out from behind the bar . bartender freeze ! in a instant , all of the waiter ' gun be out . waiter Massachusetts State Police Department ! everybody on the floor ! ext . eastham house - later Police car everywhere . all the party guest be file out the door , and be be lead away . mirtha be drag out , spitting and scream . George , in handcuffs , be push to a squad car . he look through the window to see a female police officer escort kristina out of the house . int . m.p.d . - interrogation room - night George , still dress in he party clothes , sit at a desk . two detective set a confession in front of he . GEORGE what 's this ? detective # 2 it 's you statement . how it be all yours , the pound of coke be for personal use and none of the guest have any idea it be there , yeah , right . George look through the papers . GEORGE I want my kid out of protective custody . now . no fuck around . my wife and my kid on a plane tonight . I sign when they call I safe and sound . detective # 1 no fuck way . GEORGE fuck you , then . I sign nothing . the detective ponder . detective # 2 do it . detective # 1 walk to the door . detective # 1 George ? you better get yourself a good lawyer this time . we be gonna nail you ass to the wall on this one . GEORGE oh hey , one more thing ? detective # 1 what 's that ? GEORGE get I a six pack . ext . eastham house - garage - night it 's the middle of the night . George walk through a dark and lonely house . he go to the furnace , open it up and see that there be only five stack leave . GEORGE fuck . ext . jung house - weymouth - porch - morning George pull up to the front . GEORGE hi. fred I hear . ermine , you son be here . ermine ( o.s. ) tell he I do not want to see he . tell he he 's not welcome here . GEORGE Mom . ermine 's back be to George . she will not look at he . ermine do not you dare step one foot in this house . you be not my son , you hear I ? I do not have a son anymore . she disappear into the house . the sound of a door slamm . fred she 's angry . it 's all over the news . GEORGE yeah . listen . I be go to be go away for awhile . fred you be not go to trial ? GEORGE no . fred good . they stand there and look at each other for a while . there 's a lot to say but nothing 's come out . George hand Fred a gym bag . GEORGE give this to Mom , will you ? fred money . you and you mother . all the time chase it . I never understand it . GEORGE give it to she , dad . it will make she happy . fred yeah , I know . this be it , be not it ? the two man throw they arm around each other and hold on to one another in the doorway of the old house . GEORGE tell Mom , you know ... fred I will tell she . George break away and move to the t-bird . fred ( cont 'd ) take care of yourself . int . banco do federale - panama CITY - 1985 - day George walk through the bank . int . banco do federale - panama CITY - continuous George sit at a desk in front of a panamanian bank employee . he slide he bank book across the table . GEORGE I would like to make a withdrawal . the employee open the book and get a funny look on he face . nervous . bank employee Excuse I , please . he get up and move to the bank manager . they move to another manager type . and another . and then everyone disappear behind close door . finally , the bank president emerge and move over to George . bank president I be afraid there be a problem , Mr. jung . the bank have go through a change , a nationalization . I be afraid you fund have be appropriate by the panamanian government ... George start to shake . the bank president try to explain , but whatever he say be unimportant . George be paralyze . int . apartment - LIBERTY CITY , florida - night a inexpensive one - bedroom furnish apartment . it be not much , but it 's home . mirtha have just receive the news and be lose she mind . Clara blanca be cooking dinner . mirtha what be we go to do ?! what be we go to use for money ?! GEORGE please , mirtha . I will start work for augusto . I will talk to he tonight . I will do something . mirtha do not touch I . tell I . just answer the question . what do I spend ? what ? how will we live ? kristina sit there . she hear everything , so do Clara blanca . GEORGE not in front of the kid . mirtha do not give I that shit . you just better do something . she storm into the bedroom and slam the door . George stand there . awkward silence . George go to kristina . GEORGE everything 's gonna be okay , sweetheart . do not be upset . kristina what 's happen to we ? tough question to answer . GEORGE I do not know . kristina be we gonna split up ? GEORGE no , never . do not even think about that , it 's impossible . I love you mother . and you be my heart . could I live without my heart ? could I ? kristina nod " no . " they embrace . int . george' thunderbird - miami - night the car move along I - 95 . George be drive while a jack up mirtha do a speed bump . a cop be follow in the distance . it be not okay . GEORGE there 's a fuck cop behind we , mirtha . be cool , will ya . mirtha fuck you , George , just fuck drive . GEORGE hey , why do not you just put a " I be do cocaine " sign on the car . what be you fuck problem ? mirtha my problem ? we be break , that 's my fuck problem . and you be a fuck spy . GEORGE what ? mirtha that 's right . always spying , always judge . everyone 's laugh at you , you fuck pussy . you let Diego fuck you in the ass . maybe you be a fuck faggot . you must be fuck Diego because you be not fuck I . mirtha grab nut . GEORGE that be my nut ! George try to fend she off . the car swerve all over the road . it 's turn into a full scale fist fight . the red light of Florida 's finest come up behind they and George be pull over . ext . i- 95 - continuous mirtha leap out of the car , teary eye , craze and bloody . the policeman step from they car . mirtha he 's a fugitive and a fuck cocaine dealer ! there 's a kilo in he trunk right now ! take this sorry motherfucker to jail ! George sit behind the wheel . he know it 's over . int . m.c.i. walpole - visiting area - 1989 - day superimpose : four year later visit day . inmate sit across from they family . mirtha be sit at the glass . George walk to he seat . mirtha I be divorce you , George . I be get custody of kristina . and when you get out next week , you be go to pay support and that 's the end of it . alright ? there 's someone else . I be sorry . George just look at she . his face be stone . but he be move . mirtha ( cont 'd ) you should have take better care of I , you know ? you have be away a long time . four year . say something . GEORGE what do you want I to say ? I be in prison . you should know . you put I here . mirtha fuck you , George . I know you would say something like that . always think about yourself . she move away and drag nine - year old kristina into the room . kristina yank she arm away and they get into a heat argument . through the glass , George can not hear the word but it 's clear that kristina do not want to be here . GEORGE my baby . she 's so big . mirtha force kristina over to the glass and keep show she , prompt she to talk . kristina stare at George through the glass . cool. defiant . angry . she pick up the phone and speak , every word a accusation . kristina I think you could not live without you heart . she drop the phone , walk away , and do not look back . int . phone booth - miami street - day George put in the quarter . GEORGE hello , derek ? it 's George . yeah . yeah , I be . I be in Miami . I be look to do something . I want to put together a crew . do you know anybody ? Leon ? I do not know he . what 's he last name ? alright . give I the number . ext . elementary school - miami - day nine -year old kristina jung leave school . George , fresh out of prison , move across the street to meet she . kristina what be you do here ? GEORGE nothing . I just want you to know I be out . I just want to see you . kristina well , here I be . see ? GEORGE how be you do ? kristina George , you just can not show up , tell I you love I , and have everything be okay . GEORGE dad . kristina what ? GEORGE you can call I dad if you want . kristina I do not want , alright ? it 's not funny . I be really piss off , George . you blow it , now leave I alone . GEORGE kristina , c'mon , I be sorry . I be go to make this right . I have get a few thing go on ... kristina what do you want from I ? GEORGE just to walk with you . I want to be you dad again . kristina do what you want , it 's a free country . she walk away . he follow . int . the palm lounge - miami - day George sit at the bar with a man name leon minghella . leon it 's a four-man operation . two on the ground . two in the air . GEORGE who 's the co-pilot ? leon you be look at he . we provide the plane , transportation cost , U.S. landing spot , and take it to wherever you want it to go . you provide the pick up point in South America , and be responsible for payment . you assume all the bust risk . we take sixty - five percent of all transportation fee , ten percent of the gross , plus we expense . this be not a negotiation , so if this be okay with you , we can talk further . if not , we can forget we have this conversation . GEORGE sound fine . I will need to meet everybody . leon they be over at the booth . Leon lead George over . leon ( cont 'd ) gentlemen , this be George . George , this be Ben , g.g. and ... George 's eye widen as he look at the last man . it 's Kevin dulli . GEORGE Holy shit , dulli ! kevin georgie , oh man , hold the mayo ! GEORGE ( v.o. ) that be it . see dulli after fourteen year seal the deal for I . the rest be just detail . my end be roughly five-hundred thousand . kristina and I could have a good life for five hundred grand . start over somewhere . one final score . that 's all I need . int . olivero mansion - miami - day augusto Three -hundre kilo be a very big load , georgie . why do not we start small ? GEORGE no . I have the space . I figure it out . this be what I want to do . augusto alright . I will ask Pablo , tell he it 's for you . I do not think there will be a problem . GEORGE five - thousand per kilo . augusto ha ha . that 's too much , georgie . that day be over . the rate be one- thousand dollar . inflation , you know ? GEORGE this be a one time thing , gusto . one and I be out . give I a good price for old time 's sake . what do you think ? ext . residential STREET - miami - day George and kristina walk through the neighborhood . he carry she book . GEORGE let I ask you something . if you could go anywhere in the world , anywhere , where would you want to go ? kristina you mean , like a trip ? GEORGE yeah , sure , whatever . kristina think about it . kristina I do not know . maybe California . George be amused by she answer . GEORGE California ? you can go anywhere in the world . India . tibet. Australia . Paris . and you choose California ? kristina yeah . GEORGE what be it ? a disneyland thing ? kristina no . I just kind of like the sound of it . GEORGE California , huh ? kristina California . they turn a corner and arrive at kristina 's house . mirtha be stand in the doorway . GEORGE go on inside now . I want to talk to you mom alone . he kiss he daughter goodbye . kristina bye , dad . see you in the morning , okay ? GEORGE I will be here . George move over to mirtha . it 's be a while . mirtha what do you want ? GEORGE you know I be see kristina , right ? mirtha yeah . she tell I . you walk she to school . GEORGE yeah , so I have be think . I love she , y'know ? I kind of want to have she . I have be away for so long . make up for the miss time , you know ? mirtha I have not see one dollar from you . you have not pay I one cent in child support , alimony . GEORGE yeah , well . I be work on that . I have get something go . mirtha yeah ? I better see some money out of it . GEORGE yeah , you will . of course . mirtha look at she ex-husband . it 's not all bad . mirtha hey , look . you start pay , who know what will happen . you be a good father , George . I always give you that . but you have get to talk to she . GEORGE yeah . mirtha she 's get big . get she own idea . GEORGE I know . well , that 's all I really want to say . so , okay , then . he move down the step and head for the sidewalk . mirtha hey , George . you okay ? GEORGE yeah . I be fine . I be good . int . the palm lounge - day the restaurant be fill with the team . they discuss , argue , re-examine every little detail . kevin we take off from lauderdale , Sunday , refuel , and be in medellin by Monday . leon overnight , refuel , and back Wednesday night . GEORGE where be you come in ? BEN vero Beach . g.g . it 's good . it 's small . leon then we drive it to the lauderdale house where it stay until pick up and payment the next morning . you want to go over it again ? GEORGE no . all set . piece of cake . int . george' studio apartment - miami - night George be cooking dinner for kristina . he 's only get a hot plate so it 's slow . the table be set with plasticware . kristina chop the salad . GEORGE I be think about get out of town this week . you want to come with I ? kristina where be you go ? GEORGE I do not know . maybe California . kristina you swear ? GEORGE yeah . go out there , check it out , see what it 's like . I have get some stuff to do this week , but I be think maybe Thursday . Thursday after school . kristina you know I can not . Mom will never let I go . GEORGE you let I take care of you mother . you just pack you bag . kristina but I have get school . GEORGE there 's school in California . kristina you swear ? GEORGE that 's right . Three o'clock . Thursday . at you mother 's . you and I . it 's a date . kristina I do not believe you . GEORGE I swear . on my life . kristina swear on my life . GEORGE I swear on you life . ext . vero beach airfield - dusk George , Ben and g.g. wait on the tarmac . George be pace . the sound of a cessna be hear and soon it be drop out of the sky . the plane land and taxi over . Kevin and Leon stick they fist out of the airplane in triumph . the man quickly unload the plane into the trunk of two broncos and the back of a truck . int . ft. lauderdale house - night we follow the duffel bag out of the bronco into the house . the boy sit around as George sample the product . kevin be we good ? GEORGE be we good ? yeah , we be good . we be beautiful . we be perfect . this be a grade , one -hundre percent pure colombian cocaine , lady and gentlemen . disco shit . pure as the drive snow . good riddance . he look the boy over . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) you save my life , dulli . you will never fuck know . all you guy . everyone just get a raise . instead of ten percent , you get fifteen . leon Jesus , George , fifteen percent . that 's a extra two-hundred large . GEORGE I do not give a shit . Split it up . have a great life . I be do . I be out . start over . cheer . they clank . George get up and do the snoopy dance to the bathroom . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) yeah ! unbelievable . dulli , pour we another round . I gotta hit the head . George leave the room . the camera slowly pan back to the guy . something do not look right . they have not move . they look bum . Leon look at g.g . leon what ? g.g. I feel bad . BEN I too . he 's not such a bad guy . kevin fuck you guy . all of you . I have know he for thirty fuck year . Fucking George . leon yeah , I like he , too . but what 's do be do . so let 's not get all sentimental about it , okay ? the camera pan back slowly to the bathroom door , George come back into the room , dance . he go and sit down with the guy . GEORGE ( laugh ) dulli , I be just think about that time we land in Mexico . you have get a lot better since then , huh pal ? remember that fuck landing strip ? huh ? George be the only one smile . no one be look at he . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) hey , what 's wrong fella ? why the long face ? he look at each one . he slowly realize something 's up . he look to dulli finally . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ( defeat ) no. c'mon , dulli . the front door bust down , agent pour in . the camera swish pan to George . light out . slow motion . slow dolly into xcu . ext . otisville f.c.i . - new york - 1999 - day George have tear in he eye . he be freeze . paralyze by the memory . GEORGE oh , no . int . ft. lauderdale house - 1989 - day the voice from the bust can be hear as the camera push slowly into George 's face . surreal . GEORGE ( v.o. ) I be bust . set up by the FBI and the dea . that do not bother I . set up by Kevin dulli and derek foreal to save they own ass . that do not bother I . sentence to sixty year at otisville . that do not bother I . ext . mirtha's house - miami - 1989 - day nine -year old kristina Sunshine jung sit on the front porch as the sun go down . her bag be pack and ready to go . GEORGE ( v.o. ) I have break a promise . everything I love in my life go away . int . otisville f.c.i . - 1989 - day George be lead into a small room and greet by he lawyer , archie zigmond . zigmond here 's the deal , George . you be not get out . I try to get you furlough , but you mother squash it . Said it would only upset he . I be sorry . George take it in . blink . the year have not be kind . GEORGE how 's he do ? zigmond well , he 's out of the hospital , but there 's not much anyone can do for he . it 's just a matter of time . listen , I bring a tape recorder in case you want to say something to he . that way he could hear you voice . GEORGE right . Zigmond set the tape recorder down and leave the room . George stare long at the machine . he push the record button and look at the red light . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) hello , dad ... ext . jung house - day a sixty - nine year old Fred shuffles from he house to the blue lot . he get in , turn the key , and put he son 's tape into the deck . GEORGE ( v.o. ) you know , I remember a lifetime ago , I be about three - and - a-half foot tall , weigh all of sixty - pound , every inch you son ... ext . jung house - 1953 - day six - year old George run through the leave to the truck and ride to work with he father . GEORGE ( v.o. ) ... that Saturday morning go to work with my dad . we would climb into that big yellow truck . I use to think it be the biggest truck in the world . int . fred' lot . - 1989 - continuous close on fred visibly move . GEORGE ( v.o. ) I remember how important the job we do be . how if it be not for we , people would freeze to death . I think you be the strongest man in the world . flashback - visual match dialogue ermine as Loretta Young . Fred jung and he son toss a baseball . tuna and George drive off in the black oldsmobile convertible . the FBI arrest George in he old bedroom . GEORGE ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) remember that home movie when Mom would dress up like Loretta Young ? and the ice creams and the football game ? waino , the tuna , and the day I leave for California only to come home with the FBI chase I ? int . jung house - george' bedroom - 1973 - night James J. trout pull a handcuff George 's boot over he sock as Fred and ermine watch . GEORGE ( v.o. ) and that FBI agent , trout ? when he have to get on he knee to put my boot on ? you say ... fred that 's where you belong ... int . fred' lot . - 1989 - continuous a choke up Fred repeat the word . fred ... you sonofabitch . put on George 's boot . GEORGE ( v.o. ) that be a good one , dad . that be really something . remember that ? int . otisville f.c.i . - new york - 1989 - day George 's eye well up and he spark a cigarette , as he keep try to tell he father goodbye . GEORGE ( v.o. ) and that time you tell I that money be not real ? well , old man , I be forty two year old . I finally learn what you try to tell I so many year ago . int . fred' lot . - 1989 - continuous tear come crash out of the old man 's stoic face . GEORGE ( v.o. ) I finally understand . you be the best , dad . I just wish I could have do more for you . I wish we have more time . ext . otisville f.c.i . - new york - 1999 - day a vision of Fred jung sit on the ground before he fifty - two year old son . GEORGE I guess I kind of lose sight of thing . " May the wind always be at you back and the sun always upon you face , and the wind of destiny carry you aloft to dance with the star . " Love , George . fred that be a beautiful message . GEORGE I mean every word of it . fred do you know I die two week after you send I that tape ? the apparition of Fred disappear and George be leave alone once again . GEORGE yeah , dad . I know that . int . otisville f.c.i . - new york - 1990 - day George be lead into the room where three FBI men await he . one of they be name fred garcia . garcia how be you do , George ? GEORGE what do you guy want ? garcia you hear about you old friend , Diego ? GEORGE what about he ? Garcia toss a newspaper onto the table . the Miami Herald . Inside be a full page letter address from Diego delgado to vice President George Bush . in the letter , Diego offer to make a deal . in exchange for immunity , Diego will rat out the entire cocaine business . Americans , colombian , noriega , escobar , everybody . just let he free . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) what the fuck ? be he go to walk ? garcia he 's go down , George . it 's election year . we be not make any deal . FBI guy # 1 he 's never get out . order from the top . garcia so , how would you like to help we put he away ? FBI guy # 2 we have do we homework . we know you hate this motherfucker . GEORGE I do not think so . garcia do not be stupid , George . we have get he . we have get he dead to rights . but like I say , this be top priority so we be hand out free pass on this one . and the first one 's get you name on it . cut you sentence in half , maybe more . GEORGE no thanks , fella . you have get the wrong fuck guy . I be not a rat . int . otisville f.c.i . - visitor be room - 1990 - day George sit in the chair behind the plexiglass . mirtha enter and take a seat on the other side . GEORGE mirtha , what 's go on ? everything okay with kristina ? mirtha kristina 's fine . GEORGE be she here ? be she come ? mirtha be she here ? George , kristina hate you . you fuck she over one too many time . and I be not here to socialize . do you hear about Diego ? GEORGE yeah . mirtha well , I get a call from Pablo . he say this thing with Diego be a disaster . he 's give up lab location , name , bank account , he be very piss off . Pablo say to take he down . his exact word be " fuck Diego . " GEORGE he want I to testify ? be that what he 's ask I to do ? mirtha George , he be not ask . mirtha get up and start to move away . GEORGE mirtha , how be you do ? mirtha better than you . int . courthouse hallway - jacksonville - 1990 - day George , archie Zigmond and two armed guard walk down the corridor . GEORGE hey , arch , you think the judge will let we get a cocktail after this be all over ? zigmond I will see what I can do , George . GEORGE thanks , arch . they walk into the crowded courtroom . int . courthouse hallway - jacksonville - 1990 - day pack . nut . stand room only . the courtroom buzze as George be lead down the center aisle and be hand off to the bailiff . over this we hear ... clerk Sir , please state you name . GEORGE I be George jung. spell j-u-n-g. clerk thank you . prosecutor Mr. jung , do you know Diego delgado ? GEORGE yes , I do . prosecutor do you see he here in the courtroom ? GEORGE yes , he 's sit right there at the end of the table . prosecutor let the record state the witness have identify , Diego delgado . the follow sound byte be dissolve together in montage style ... prosecutor ( cont 'd ) Mr. jung , can you describe the circumstance of how you begin talk about cocaine with Mr. delgado ? GEORGE shortly after I arrive at danbury Federal correctional Institute I related to Diego that the crime I be in for be smuggle marijuana . Diego tell I he have high level connection in colombia and they need to find someone to help they transport cocaine into America ... GEORGE ( cont 'd ) the first run be fifteen kilo , which we smuggle into Logan Airport in hard shell suitcase . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) we wrap the cocaine in kitchen cabinet paper , and duct tape , that way if there be any dog in custom ... GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I introduce Diego to a pilot name Jack Stevens , who help we fly 300 kilo of cocaine per week into the United States via twin-engine cessnas . Jack would fly into North Carolina , we would meet he there and drive it down to different distribution point ... GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I never meet Pablo escobar . Diego delgado be my only connection to cocaine from colombia ... GEORGE ( cont 'd ) Diego convinced I to keep most of my money in a panamanian bank . Diego have a close relationship with manuel noriega . in exchange for allow we to keep we money there , we pay he a percentage . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) there be a 85 % chance that if you snort cocaine between 1977 - 1984 , it be ours . initially with my LA connection , we invent the marketplace . in 1977 , there be no other real competition . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) the first year we make about 100 million dollar between we . it be a expensive operation . eventually we build up to three different pilot do multiple run per week , connection on both coast , everything be run smooth . we be like a corporation ... GEORGE ( cont 'd ) he be very anti-government . he talk about revolution , form he own country or island , he be look for power as well as money . I be just look for money . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) he dislike the United States , think it be a police state . he hope that by flooding the country with cocaine , it would disrupt the political system and tear down the morality of the country . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) well , yes , derek foreal be my connection , I meet he back in 1968 when I first move to Manhattan Beach . it be foreal 's marijuana connection that kick off we cocaine market . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) yes , it be my idea to bring the kilo to Los Angeles . when Diego finally get derek foreal 's name from I , it be only a matter of month before he would cut I out . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I be not sure how my relationship with my daughter and ex-wife have anything to do with this trial . I mean we be here to talk about Diego delgado , be not we ? calibanos yes , we be Mr. jung . we come out of the montage , the defense attorney Diego delgado , Joe calibanos , a sleazy - Greek -like - ex - basketball weight lifter guy be now do the question . calibanos ( cont 'd ) Mr. jung , you be a convict felon , correct ? GEORGE yes , I be . calibanos do you have any agreement or understanding whatsoever with the United States government in regards to you testimony ? GEORGE no , I cam here out of my own volition . calibanos Excuse I ? GEORGE something about vengance be best serve cold . calibanos really . be you get pay , Mr. jung ? GEORGE Excuse I ? calibanos Mr. jung , do not you have a agreement or understanding with the United States government in connection with you testimony in this case ? GEORGE I be do sixty year at otisville , no chance of parole . even if they cut my sentence in half I will be seventy - three year old . that 's some fuck deal . I do not know if the parole board , the judge , the pope or Jesus Christ himself can get I out of here . I have a really bad record , I be not sure what 's go to happen . calibanos so you do have a agreement with the United States government , Mr. jung , correct ? George can not respond . look to Diego . look from the jury , the judge , George be on the spotlight and it 's uncomfortable . he feel suddenly sleazy . calibanos ( cont 'd ) I think so . no more question . silence . the judge tell George he can step down . calibanos laugh quietly with associate . George be bum . he walk by Diego . they look at each other . GEORGE you should not have take the 30 million , Diego , I be out . George be lead away . clerk the court call Mr. Jack Stevens . Jack Stevens be lead to the stand . we slowly dissolve to : int . car - 1999 - day the green of the New York State countryside drift by as a brown Mazda move along highway 19 . behind the wheel be a beautiful 20 year old woman wear dark sunglass . she drive absently , she mind somewhere else . int . otisville f.c.i . - visitor's entrance - 1999 - day the woman be buzze through the double door . she move to the man behind the desk and take off she sunglass . kristina I be here to see my father . admission officer name ? kristina kristina Sunshine jung . ext . otisville f.c.i . - late afternoon the guard be round up the other prisoner and escort they inside , but George be still plant sunflower . guard hey , George , five more minute , buddy . int . visitor's entrance - continuous the admission officer look up from he paperwork . admission officer jung . kristina grab she papers and move to the counter . admission officer ( cont 'd ) belonging in here . kristina empty she pocket and deposit she possession into a locker box . she be hand a key . admission officer ( cont 'd ) foot on the blue line . kristina stand on a blue piece of tape and the admission officer buzze open the giant metal door . but kristina do not move . admission officer ( cont 'd ) miss ? he press the buzzer again , but she just stand there . admission officer ( cont 'd ) miss ? something wrong ? ext . otisville f.c.i . - continuous George turn around as a guard tap he on the shoulder . guard George ? George , come on . you have get a visitor . George look up to find kristina be buzze through the gate . she move through the open area and onto the grass quickly . slow motion : Father and daughter come together at last in a long embrace . GEORGE I be sorry , baby . I be so sorry . kristina it 's alright , dad . GEORGE I do not mean to ... kristina I know , dad . I know ... he hug she hard . GEORGE I fuck up . kristina shhhh . GEORGE I love you . I love you so much . you have get to know that . you have get to know . kristina I know , dad . I love you too . GEORGE after everything . after everything , the only thing leave out of my whole life be you . kristina look at she father , smile , and disappear . there be no kristina . the guard continue to tap . guard George ? George , come on . it 's get dark . George look up to find a prison guard . his name be gus , and he help George to he foot . GEORGE but I have a visitor . gus not today , George . time to go back . GEORGE but I want to put she name on the list for tomorrow . my daughter . gus okay , George . GEORGE because she 's visit I . gus we will do that tomorrow , okay ? it 's lockdown time . the shadow grow long , and Gus lead George down a cement path that cut through the grass . the huge structure of otisville loom dark against the sky , and Gus and George take the long walk back . ext . otisville f.c.i . - new york - dusk stand outside the fence , kristina smoke a cigarette as she watch she father be lead away . after a few moment , she turn around , walk to she car and get in . time to go home . and as the brown Mazda pull out of the driveway , the taillight turn red , grow smaller and smaller , until they finally disappear . the end .