the boxtrolls written by irena brignull &amp ; Adam pava base on the book " here be monster " by Alan snow 1. ( 0050 pro ) prologue ext . cheesebridge alley - night lightn strike , illuminate a vine cover wall as the camera move across a dark alley fill with cardboard box and crate . they box have stylize label ; the box in front be label focus feature . sfx : footstep run on cobblestone and labored breathing . herbert ( o.s. ) no . not my boy ! lightn strike again , highlight the box and rubbish in the alley . something be come . whatever it be , its breath be hurried and animalistic . sfx : a baby cry out . stumpy clawe feet wrap in rag run past a box label laika . the camera follow the shadow figure as it run along cobblestone to the end of the lane . the creature pause under a arched entryway and turn , revealing glowing eye , a large mouth full of wonky tooth , and a baby shape bundle in its arm . lighting crash as the baby wriggle and cry . CUT to : ext . cheese guild - entrance hall - night - continuous close on : a fist pound a door . snatcher ( wheeze ) wake he lordship . sfx : a series of lock be unlatch on the door . a butler open the double door , frown . he start to close the door but snatcher push against the effort . snatcher ( cont 'd ) the unspeakable have happen . ( gasp ) we must speak of it immediately ! a voice call out from behind they . 2 . lord portley-rind ( o.s. ) ( tire ) what be it , snatcher ? the butler move aside , revealing a regal man with a white hat at the top of a ornate marble staircase . int . cheese guild - entrance hall - night - continuous lord portley -rind look on from the mezzanine . the man in the red hat cast a long shadow across the gleam checker floor of the cheese Guild . snatcher ( gesture theatrically ) boxtroll monster have steal a child . close on : Lord portley - rind , perfectly groom and perfectly horrify . lord portley-rind ( aghast ) no . close on : ARCHIBALD snatcher in the door , backlit by streetlight , sheet of rain fall behind he . he 's a big man , but out of shape ( all belly and no butt ) , with long shred of greasy hair sprout from beneath he crooked hat . snatcher ( nods ) they be no doubt pick they tooth with he adorable baby bone by now ! lord portley-rind a horrible tragedy . ( beat , flippant ) let 's deal with it in the morning ! portley - rind turn to go . snatcher ( o.s. ) stop ! the butler close the door , but snatcher shove he foot in the way . snatcher ( cont 'd ) ( struggling ) oh , oof ! that 's not the worst of it ! next they will come after ... 3. the butler shove at the door , slapping and shove snatcher 's face until the door slam shut . snatcher open the mail slot and yell through it . snatcher ( cont 'd ) ... our cheese ! lord portley-rind ( gasp ) my gouda !? snatcher ( low ) they will stop at nothing . portley - rind suddenly fling open the door , stare wide eye at snatcher . he be crouch on the ground near the mail slot . lord portley-rind you be the town exterminator . I will pay whatever it take . snatcher stand slowly . snatcher oh , I do not want money . he step into the house and into the light , revealing he greedy face for the first time . he smile a oily smile . snatcher ( cont 'd ) I want one of that . snatcher point to the white hat on portley - rind 's head . Lord portley - rind grab he hat protectively . lord portley-rind a White hat ? you ?! absurd ! snatcher turn to leave , move towards the damp market Square . snatcher alright then . but prepare to say bye bye to you brie . cheerio to you cheddar . Goodbye to you ... portley - rind 's resolve disappear . he raise he hand as if to stop snatcher from leave . 4. lord portley-rind ( desperate ) very well . every boxtroll go . with proof ! snatcher stop halfway down the stair in the pour rain , he back still turn to portley -rind . snatcher ( low purr ) for a white hat ? close on : snatcher 's grin face as he turn back toward portley -rind . snatcher ( cont 'd ) I will destroy every last boxtroll in this town ! lightning crash as snatcher laugh maniacally . smash CUT to : title : " the boxtrolls " ( 0100 mon ) monster ext . cheesebridge - world view - sunset wide view of cheesebridge , a steep hill - town that loom over the countryside . a jumble of roof , a tangle of twist alley , and perch at the summit , the impose cheese Guild Hall . the last ray of the set sun disappear . ext . cheesebridge street -- a deep voice echoe out of a scratchy megaphone . snatcher ( o.s. ) hear ye ! hear ye ! good citizen of cheesebridge , the curfew be in force . do not dawdle or the beast will tear you limb from limb ! close on : a fabric banner read " boxtroll exterminators " . the banner hang on a strange rattletrap truck that wind its way up the city street . sinister look man in blood red top hat hang onto the run board . the most sinister of they all , snatcher , ride on the roof . 5 . snatcher ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) they will add you flesh to they river of blood and mountain of bone . as the truck pass , pedestrian gasp and hurry into they house , heed the amplify warning . a cheesemonger at the cheesery pull he folding sign from the sidewalk and hurry inside . a couple stop mid-conversation and head indoors . a man carrying a crate bring he load into he shop , abandon the crate sit at the curb . two female townsfolk head off down the street . close on : Archibald snatcher as the truck round a corner . he hold a megaphone tube to he mouth and orate as he zero in on a boy play ball in the street . snatcher ( cont 'd ) child ! do you want to end up like the trubshaw baby ? the boy watch the truck as it pass , curiosity change to horror . snatcher ( cont 'd ) dragge underground and feast upon one year ago this very night ?! the terrify boy shake he head and gasp as he be yank inside by he mother . his ball bounce out of he hand and roll across the cobble . snatcher ( cont 'd ) lock you window ! bolt you door ! hide anything that be not bolt down . one man grab he door knocker and bolt inside . another man grab he mailbox . another a barber pole . with a terrify look the last man peer out of the peep hole in he door , then slam it shut . snatcher ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) hide you cheese . hide you tender and delicious baby ! 6 . ext cheesebridge street - continuous - night the wind blow trash down the empty street . snatcher 's vehicle , rattling from its boiler , prowl past with snatcher still call out he warning until the sound fade in the distance . snatcher ( o.s. ) beware the bloodthirsty monster ! they will fry you eye , gnaw on you knee , gobble you gizzard ... beware ! beware ! after snatcher 's truck have pass the camera land on : a manhole . carve in the heavy iron cover be a warning : " here be monster " . a long beat of silence . the manhole cover slowly twist and lift , a pudgy blue hand emerge . two pair of yellow , glow eye peer out . the creature talk in expressive but unintelligible gurgle . down the street , two more manhole cover lift . in pair and in gang , this boxtrolls -- so call for the cardboard box they wear -- emerge from the sewer and scurry through the street of the besiege town . they long , forbode shadow creep across wall plaster with poster that read : " cheesebridge : a gouda place to live " , " redhat - boxtroll exterminators " . we watch they scurry through street and alleyway , gurgle quiet direction to each other . they move swiftly and travel in pack . we see a lone boxtroll jump and pull himself in to he box as a dog bark . he pop back out of he box and move along quickly . close on : what appear to be a large boxtroll monster peer around the corner of a moonlight street . its glow eye turn toward the camera as it sway slowly . five more pair of eye light up within the large , boxy shadow and six boxtrolls separate from the mass , pop off to run they errand while the coast be clear . bird eye view : group of two and three boxtroll snake they way down street , skirt carefully around area light by street lamp . in a small lane , group of boxtroll stop to collect mechanical stuff . they work together , use they box as tool and prop . six boxtrolls stack up in the background to steal a shop sign , while three boxtrolls cooperatively steal the wheel from a wooden cart . 7. one boxtroll use he box to prop up a corner while the other two release the wheel from the axle . a lone boxtroll cross the frame to see what treasure he may find in a trash bin ; as he knock it over with a clang , two boxtrolls scurry past and stack together , steal the house number from the front of a brownstone . close on : the boxtroll ' booty - the shiny brass number ` 2 ' , the shop sign for ` timeless timepiece ' , the wheel that roll along between two boxtroll . six other boxtroll on the hunt stack together against a fence . we watch as one boxtroll make it over the top , cooperatively pull the other into the alley behind he . ( 0200 bxt ) boxtroll exterminators ext . chase alley - night close on : the inside of a trash can as the lid be remove . two boxtroll hand wriggle into view over the rubbish , fill of newspaper clipping , a apple core , a banana peel , and a fish carcass . the boxtroll gurgle " eww " and " blech " sound as he move this unwanted item aside . he gurgle with joy when a bit of brass be reveal . fish , a nervous 4 - foot tall , wonky - toothe , pointy - ear , gangly - limb boxtroll , pull a old break alarm clock from the trash barrel . he be in a large alley , fill with old box , crate , break item and tarp strewn about . Fish stare curiously at the object , turn it over in he hand and hold it to he ear , listen . he shake the clock and hear loose gear rattle . fish hmm ... Fish open the clock face and gurgle , intently toy with the mechanical interior . after a moment , the clock begin to tick with activity . Fish gurgle excitedly and close the clock face , hold it to he ear to listen to the rhythmic tick . fish ( cont 'd ) ( gurgle ) oh yeah ... Fish 's eye go wide as the clock 's alarm ring , attract the attention of a uglier , 2 - foot - 2 boxtroll . shoe huh ? 8. as Fish stand proudly admire the sound of he ringing alarm clock , shoe bounce around he foot . shoe ( cont 'd ) ( gurgle ) gimme that ! shoe , short and feisty , grab the alarm clock from Fish and scamper away with it . Fish watch as shoe climb a stack of crate and hiss back at he , sniff at he new prize . Fish scowl at shoe and return to the rubbish pile , shaking he head and mutter . behind he a half - dozen boxtroll methodically pick through a assortment of trash barrel and old box . it 's like a troop of monkey at the dump . they find mechanical stuff , inspect it , and then either drop it into they box to keep or toss it back into the trash . a filthy teddy bear with a musical key be discard by another boxtroll , landing with a thunk and a few tinny musical note . Fish turn excitedly . fish ( curious ) ohhhh ... he pick up the teddy bear and crank a key in its back as shoe toy with the steal alarm clock . the teddy bear play music . Fish gurgle along to the tune and bob he head , enjoy the moment . again , shoe notice Fish have find something interesting . he shove the alarm clock into he box , stealthily sneak up on Fish and make a grab for the teddy bear ! Fish refuse to let go and they squabble over it . suddenly all the boxtroll snap to attention , they ear alert -- ext . chase alley the creepy rattling sound of the redhat ' truck return . all the boxtroll hide in they box . the " camouflage " work . they box fit in perfectly with the trash barrel and pack crate . the rattling come closer ... closer ... then stop . bam ! headlight light up the alley . Three man dismount from the truck and cast long shadow across the alley and all of the box : the giant mr . trout , the beanpole thin mr . pickle , and the short , pit bull mr . gristle . 9. the boxtroll do not run -- they just keep hiding in there box . snatcher ( o.s. ) gentlemen ! snatcher spread he arm theatrically and wade into the garbage - strewn alley . snatcher ( cont 'd ) look at all this box leave lie about . how curious , how peculiar . I do believe ... evil be afoot . gristle chuckle and break into a psychotic grin . mr. gristle ( cold blooded ) hahaha . foot . mr. pickle huh . Fish peek out of he box momentarily , then retreat when he see the redhat advance into the alley . Mr. trout and Mr. pickle absentmindedly check box for boxtroll , but Mr. gristle methodically stomp and smashes every box he can . when he find a box with a boxtroll , he use a cricket bat to whack it back to the other to load onto the truck . mr. pickle ( cont 'd ) you ever see someone 's foot be evil , Mr. trout ? mr. trout I believe the boss mean evil be nearby , Mr. pickle . mr. pickle my foot have a pretty nasty bunion once . I would not say the foot itself be evil . mr. trout no , it 's just a fancy - man 's word for vicinity . mr. pickle wrinkly ol ' bunion look like my grandmum . have to see she off . the bunion , not my grandmum . 10 . Mr. gristle spot a shiver box and position himself over it , cricket bat in hand . mr. gristle ah , yes . foot ! whack ! gristle kick the box , and it fly toward Mr. pickle and Mr. trout . mr. trout there 's one ! Mr. pickle scoops it up in a dog catcher 's net . mr. pickle come on , ya squirmy monster . you day of evil - doin ' be over . Mr. gristle find another shiver box . he swing he bat . mr. gristle boom ! whack ! a box slide over to trout . a dizzy boxtroll pop out for a moment , groan . trout tap its head and the boxtroll retreat . mr. trout you really think this boxtroll understand the duality of good and evil ? mr. pickle they must , right ? why else would they hide from we . we be the good guy . Mr. pickle stroll off with both boxtroll and net . mr. gristle ( o.s. ) ( hit more box ) Nice ! nice ! whack ! another box slide over to trout . trout scoops up the box before the creature can get away . the boxtroll 's leg dangle below as it be carry away . mr. trout yeah ... I suppose we be . close on : Fish and shoe , in the shadow at the edge of the alley , gurgle to each other while the Red hat be distract . they head stay hide in they box as they waddle slowly out of the alley . 11 . Mr. gristle be too preoccupy with smash other box to notice they . he grunt and laugh with the effort . snatcher spot Fish and shoe as they exit the alley and point at they . snatcher mr. gristle ! mr. gristle hmm ? snatcher acquire they ! brandish he cricket bat , gristle spring after Fish and shoe . mr. gristle acquire ! acquire ! hahaha ! the boxtroll pop out of they box and run ! ext . cheesebridge STREET gristle close in on they as they sprint down a alley . the boxtroll join hand and vault over a fence like a slinky toy . gristle smashes through the fence -- mr. gristle come back and let I hit you ! -- but the boxtroll have disappear . gristle stalk down the street and disappear around a corner . after gristle disappear , two box that be hold up a break street cart suddenly move . it 's Fish and shoe hide in plain sight . once they be sure they be not be follow they open a drainage pipe and slip underground into the sewer -- ( 0300 udw ) underworld egg int . boxtroll cavern - entrance chute -- where they leap into cardboard - line boxtroll chute . they drop through the chute , slide on the cardboard , until they join up with other boxtroll return from a night of gather . 12 . they descend deeper underground until they be collect together in a funnel - shape cave and one by one drop onto a -- int . boxtroll cavern -- elaborate conveyor belt system for a roller coaster ride into a huge dark space with blink light and a cacophony of mechanical noise . Fish , shoe and boxtroll of all shape and size shoot off the end of the conveyor belt and tumble across the floor . on fish and shoe where the alarm clock land on the floor as they tumble to a halt . shoe grab the clock possessively , hiss at Fish , and run away laugh . he have he treasure . Fish shrug it off and rights himself , raise a hand to he mouth . fish ( gurgle question ) " egg ? " reveal the cavern , the hub of the boxtroll world . it 's full of workshop , interconnected machine and a constellation of light that make it look like a subterranean coney Island amusement park . Fish stand in front of a large stalagmite , around which the mechanical underground city be build . fish ( cont 'd ) ( gurgle question ) " egg ? " wheel - a boxtroll riding a unicycle - zoom quickly past , hum . fish ( cont 'd ) ( to wheel ) " you see egg ? " wheel shrug he shoulder and ride away as oil can - the smallest boxtroll - tumble from the conveyor belt and rights himself with a squeak . oil can pull , well , a oil can from inside of he box and scurries off . Fish make he way to the base of a waterwheel make from scrap of metal . High overhead , the boxtroll knicker - a picture of underpant adorn the front of it 's box - struggle with a armful of light bulb while swinging from a rope . two small boxtroll hold the rope steady below . 13 . sparky , a boxtroll wear welding goggle , and a small boxtroll name bucket work side by side on a electrical generator , fitting dinner fork into a toaster as makeshift fuse . fish ( cont 'd ) ( gurgle question ) " egg ? " sparky and bucket look up from they work and give Fish direction to find egg . sparky and bucket ( gurgle in unison ) " over there ! " in the background , oil can climb down a pipe to grease up the generator and then scramble back up the pipe . Fish head off as sparky and bucket turn on the toaster and get zapped ! they jerk and squirm as electricity course through they box and they collapse on the ground . the strand of light bulb flicker and light up . sparky and bucket smile and beat they box in delight - they fix the generator . the two boxtroll hold the rope let go and beat they box . knicker fall to the ground . knicker ahhh !!!! int . boxtroll cavern - garden - continuous Fish arrive at a subterranean garden where boxtroll sit among huge cabbage eat ladybug and slug . Fish stop in front of fragile , a giant , slow move , dim - witted boxtroll . fragile slowly mist a seedling plant . fish ( gurgle ) " egg ? " fragile just stare at Fish until Fish get frustrated and leave . fragile slowly point , in the direction opposite Fish 's path . fragile ( gurgle slowly ) egg . 14 . int . boxtroll cavern - pneumatic tube - continuous on a boxtroll's rear end . he scratch the backside of he box and - whoosh ! - be suck up into the air , revealing Fish . Fish step up to a huge pneumatic tube drive by a dozen antique vacuum cleaner and call up to sweet , a toothless boxtroll with a set of old human denture in he mouth . fish ( gurgle ) " egg ? ! " sweet stop , think , get a idea and start to speak just as specs , a myopic boxtroll with a elaborate head gear of eye glass , twist a anchor switch , turn on the pneumatic tube . first he denture , then sweet , be suck up into the tube . Fish watch sweet go and then see oil can stand on top of the tube oiling stuff . fish ( cont 'd ) " egg ? " oil can stop oiling the tube . oil can ( gurgle ) " he 's up there ! " oil can point up at a small cave high on the cavern wall . int . boxtroll cavern - egg ' NOOK Fish arrive at the open of the small dark cave . in the shadow of the nook be a shape . it appear to be a very small boxtroll . fish ( gurgle ) egg ? egg ( low , feral growl ) out of the shadow waddle the small boxtroll . the first thing that come into the light be he box with a egg logo print on the front , then appear the dirty face of a feral - look 2 - year-old human boy , egg . Fish flash a wonky - toothe smile at egg . 15 . egg ( cont 'd ) Fish ! Fish play a game of hide and seek with the find teddy bear . he make the arm , then another arm , then the head appear from the arm and head hole of he box . baby egg be enthralled . he excitedly launch himself at Fish . they play wrestle over the toy until egg grab it from Fish and scamper away . egg hug the bear . so cute . then ... rip its head off ! he reach into the teddy bear 's chest cavity and pull out the music BOX . he toss the gut bear body away and try to get it to work . when he can not figure it out he hold it up to Fish . egg ( cont 'd ) Fish ? Fish wind the music box , gurgle a explanation of how it work . Music fill the dark nook . egg giggle with delight as the gear work again . they both close they eye and hum along to the music . egg ( cont 'd ) ( hum tune ) do do doo do doo ... egg ( cont 'd ) ( hum along with music ) they stop hum when the giant clock chime signal the end of the boxtroll " day " . CUT to : ( 0400 gru ) growing up boxtroll int . boxtroll cavern - clock close on : the clock as the large hand represent the moon and the sun flip . int . boxtroll cavern - sleeping pile as the light go out , knicker and the other boxtroll gather at the center of the cavern to sleep in a big , communal stack of box like one big family . 16 . the sleep pile be stack tight and high . Fish and egg climb to the top of the pile . Fish hold egg up so he can pull a chain to turn out the last light in the cavern . baby egg lie look straight up . the ceiling of the cavern be dot with lot of small light and slowly turn machine -- it look like the flicker of star . baby egg happily drift off to sleep , snuggling the head he rip from the teddy bear . ext . cheesebridge alley - night the boxtroll clock chime , signal it be night above ground and time to wake up ! egg swing from the light bulb and yell ! egg wake up ! the box pile explode and fall apart as all the boxtroll be startle awake . - egg NOOK : Fish wind up the teddy bear 's music BOX and add it to a music machine , build out of assort junk and drive by the teddy bear 's music box . egg pound a hammer on a typewriter at the bottom of the machine and Fish pull out a see and draw a bow across it . together they play a croaking music-mechanique song . - egg ride on wheel ' shoulder . wheel make gurgle sound like he be revving he engine . they ride around the base of the conveyor belt , watch boxtroll roll down from the chute . wheel swerve to avoid boxtroll as they tumble off of the conveyor belt , hold egg out to Fish as he roll into view . Fish catch egg and run with he hold like a football . - Fish in the cavern nook . he pull out a prize bit of junk - a 78 rpm album by the quattro sabatino . egg ' eye go wide . egg oooh ! hee hee hee . Fish put the record on the player and lower the needle . baby egg hold on to the record player , shaking he bottom to the beat and dance , while Fish play a musical saw with he bow . egg dance and turn to Fish , beat he box approvingly . 17 . - close on : a roiling pile of bug as boxtroll hand , and one baby human 's hand , reach in and grab fist full of bug . boxtroll munch up mouthful of bug and egg chomp away with they , just another monster . - egg and Fish play music in the nook , they music machine be evolve . first egg shake the jar of button , then he strike a beat on a cowbell . - egg be chase oil can . he trip on he box and fall flat on he face , pop out of he box by mistake . oil can see egg empty box and freak ! oil can aaaahhh ! oil can 's wail get all the boxtroll in the cavern to turn , see the empty box and scream ! it 's a collective communal melt down - Fish run up to egg in a panic , cram he box back on and gurgle the rule - fish ( gurgle ) boxtrolls never take off there box ! - baby egg and Fish continue to play they music in the nook . egg hit the cowbell expertly with a spoon and dance , smile and laugh . dissolve to : - 11 year old egg laugh absolutely rock out to the music machine with the quattro sabatino song mix in . egg play the washboard while Fish play he see . the jar of button and the cowbell have be add to the music machine . - Close on several pill bug crawl on the cavern floor . shoe poke they and they curl into a ball . he gather they up and growl happily from behind a pile of junk , eyeing egg . egg hide behind a little barrier of corrugate metal with he own pile of pill bug ball . shoe hurl a bug at egg and miss , hit the metal . egg ha ! miss I ! egg toss a bug at shoe , and shoe smugly laugh as the bug fly into a tube . while he laugh , the bug shoot out from the tube , smack he on he nose . oof ! 18 . - egg and Fish be groove along to they music machine . egg transition from the washboard to smash light bulb with a skillet . outside of the nook , other boxtroll bob they head happily along with the music . - close on : egg as he slide on a " new " helmet make out of junk . it be fitte with light so he can see in the dark . pull out . egg stand beneath the pneumatic tube as the boxtroll gather around he . specs throw the switch and egg be suck up the tube , the boxtroll beat they box in excitement . shoe unceremoniously step into the tube while the other celebrate . - the shadowy shape of Fish , then shoe , then a super excited egg spring out of a manhole and scamper into the night . soon after , shoe find a umbrella , Fish hold up a bust wheel . shoe ahh ! fish oooo ! egg find he first real " treasure " in a alleyway - a break egg beater . egg ( excitedly ) oooh ! - wheel zoom towards we carry a mail BOX . egg push shoe in a wheelbarrow as Fish run along , all cheer with they loot . suddenly blam ! wheel be hit by a bolas ! egg leap into a barrel and the other hide as the redhat climb down from they truck and carry wheel away . mr. gristle ha haaa ! mr. pickle another villain off the street ! egg start to move , to go after wheel . Fish hold he back . egg ( protest , quietly ) wheel ! ( more ) 19 . egg ( cont 'd ) ( as Fish hold he arm ) what ?! fish ( shaking he head ) hide . egg stare after he friend and slowly slip down to hide in a barrel . - like monster from a child 's nightmare the redhat loom out of the darkness , smash box and collect boxtroll . - the boxtroll sleep pile dwindle as more and more boxtroll be kidnap . - another night of scavenge as a garden gate hinge squeak ! egg and Fish continue run but oil can can not help himself - he stop to oil the gate . oil can do not realize gristle be stand right behind he aim a medieval look blunderbuss bolas gun ! blam ! he fire point blank , capture oil can . the little boxtroll 's oil can fly down the street and land in front of egg ' hide spot . egg whimper . - sleeping pile : the significantly smaller community tuck in for the night as the now rusty water wheel squeak in the background . egg look forlorn and hold oil can 's oil can . Fish gurgle reassuringly to he . as Fish slip into he box to sleep , egg sigh and look up at the greatly reduce number of " star " ( light bulb ) in the ceiling . the water wheel squeak constantly in the background . CUT to : ( 0500 wpr ) winifred portley-rind ext . market square - night egg scamper through thick fog across a large market Square encircle by regal building . at the far end stand the impressive cheese guild . Fish and shoe lag behind . egg ( whispered ) this way . 20 . shoe run face first into a STREET lamp - boom ! - send gear and bauble clatter to the cobble . egg ( cont 'd ) ( louder ) shoe ! come on . shoe ( gurgle angrily ) egg and the boxtroll ' silhouettes skitter across the square , over to a small side alley . there be a loud clang ! as egg and the boxtroll run into a trash barrel , send the trash can lid noisily roll across the square . pan up the cheese Guild ... a light come on in a window . ext . market square - winnie' balcony - continuous in the window , peek from behind a ornate curtain , a young girl watch the trash can lid fall over and wobble to a stop . the young girl , winnie ( 12 , red-hair , nightgown ) gasp with fear -- and fascination -- then whip the curtain close . winnie ( excite whisper ) boxtroll ! ( shudder ) they could come eat my face off at any moment . ( excite ) I would better warn father . int . cheese guild - mezzanine winnie run down a staircase towards a set of double door . the SOUND of laughter and waffling voice grow as winnie approach the door . winnie knock gently . no response . she knock harder . still no response . she impetuously push the door open . int . cheese guild - tasting room it 's a victorian man cave . a dark , ornate rotunda with wall line with case of rare cheese . at a table stack with fine cheese , four man be seat , wear gleam white hat . 21 . boulanger , a old man in a steam - powered wheel chair , snooze at one end of the table while the short , rotund langsdale and tall , thin , beak - nose broderick roar with laughter at the other end . stand imperiously in the middle , and wear the most ornate white hat , be lord portley-rind . lord portley-rind settle down , man , settle down . important town business to discuss . first on the docket : more complaint of crumble bridge . langsdale speak of crumble ... be that a new blue cheese I see ? broderick stand and lean into the cheese , breathe deeply . broderick do smell delicious . lord portley-rind I suppose we could do with a nibble first . they taste cheese like snob taste fine wine -- sniff , roll it on they tongue , spitting in bucket , etc . broderick mmm ... pungent ... langsdale complex ... broderick I be taste note of ... plum ! boulanger snore . lord portley-rind ( mouth full , read docket ) all good fun , but we do have this school funding initiative to vote on . be sit here for month . all in favor of -- broderick -- cut open the roquefort next ? all aye !! Lord portley - rind toss the docket behind he , give in . 22 . lord portley-rind well , okay , okay . a quick reminder , tomorrow be trubshaw baby remembrance Day . ( pervy ) and we all know what that mean ... a performance by Madame frou frou . a burst of steam shoot out of boulanger 's wheelchair . boulanger a vision ! broderick now there 's a woman ... langsdale ... with some cheese on she bone ! portley - rind lean in like he have a secret , and slowly caress a piece of brie as he say : lord portley-rind a lady like that be like a fine brie . raw. dangerous . ( deep sniff ) maybe a little stinky , but one taste and you will be begging for ... mmm . . . Lord portley - rind nuzzle the brie and kiss its crust . winnie ( o.s. ) Father ! suddenly , he look up he see : lord portley-rind winifred ! he squeezy the cheese in he hand , which explode all over . a hunk of the brie land on he hat . he jump up and storm over to the door . the White hat murmur and gasp . lord portley-rind ( cont 'd ) winifre go on . off to bed . off to bed ! come on , come on . winnie but Father ! I see boxtroll again ! lord portley-rind shoo. shoo. shoo. 23 . portley - rind 's eye keep slide back toward the room behind he , where the other be taste another fine cheese . winnie they be right outside . they could come rip the flesh off my bone any moment ! behind they : loud grunt of satisfied taste . white hat ( o.s. ) ( in unison ) would be a shame to miss this , portley -rind ! lord portley-rind ( calling back ) yes , yes one moment ! ( to winnie , distract ) winifre , proper girl should not be obsess over grotesque monster . portley - rind 's attention be direct to the shenanigan go on behind he . winnie I be not obsessed ! I just can not stop imagine they gnaw off my toe and string they together as a necklace ! Father ? Father . lord portley-rind ( not listening ) mmm hmm . yes . portley - rind turn back and pat winnie on the head like she be a little dog . winnie ( testing he ) if they kidnap I and slurped up my intestine like noodle , would you give up you white hat to save I ? lord portley-rind ( still not listen ) hmm ? um. yes , winifre . winnie Father ! 24 . lord portley-rind what ? uh ... White hat ? right . ( look at he hat ) what .. oh , seem to have be smudge by a bit of brie . be a dear and have the butler give it a wash , would you ? he hand a stunne winnie he White hat and turn she toward the stair . winnie but -- he close the door on she before she can finish she think . int . cheese guild - mezzanine lord portley-rind ( o.s. ) now gentleman , I apologize ... sorry ! back to important White hat business ... pass the camembert ! winnie be hurt and frustrated . she look down at the White hat in she hand . her eye narrow . winnie I will give you hat a wash all right . ext . market square - winnie' balcony - night High on the front of the Guild , winnie burst through a set of french door and onto a balcony hold the white hat , she face a angry scowl . she toss Lord portley - rind 's hat , frisbee style , out into the night sky . the hat glow in the moonlight as it sail across the market Square . ext . market square the white hat hit the ground in the middle of the square . ext . market square - winnie' balcony - continuous she smile , satisfied , dust she hand . winnie ha ! 25 . then , she smile slowly melt as she realize this be not she brightest move . she hear raucous laughter from the tasting room . winnie ( cont 'd ) uh oh . int . cheese guild - entrance hall close on door as winnie quickly unbolt the lock and crack the door . ( 0550 twh ) the white hat ext . market square - night winnie cautiously peek out of the Guild . the light behind she cast a long strip across the empty market Square . mist swell in the small pool of light from street light . the rest be swathed in dark shadow . the hat be clear across the square . steeling herself , winnie creep out and down the stair , she fancy satin slipper be silent . she get to the bottom of the stair and look around . nobody there . the white hat loom from a distance . she gasp , realize how far she have to go . she creep forward a few more step and hear a noise . she hear something skitter along out in the fog and make a terrify squeak . she cover she mouth . something be watch she . winnie who ... who 's there ? a shape step forward from the darkness of a nearby alley , but be obscure by mist . two little light cut through the vapor . winnie scrunches she face slightly , focus intently on the figure . the shape creep a little closer . a hunch - over silhouette , with glow round eye . it 's a boxtroll monster ! winnie gasp . she stay put and turn she head to the side , screwing up she face with curiosity as the figure stand upright . 26 . the figure take another step towards she . reveal it be egg . he lift he goggle . the light from the street lamp reveal he face . he be guard but curious and mimic winnie 's expression . she gasp in wonder , the hat momentarily forget . winnie ( cont 'd ) ( calling out ) who be you , boy ? egg look confuse . egg Boy ? Fish and shoe suddenly grab he from behind and pull he out of market Square . egg ( cont 'd ) ( to Fish and shoe ) why would she call I that ? suddenly , bright light hit they ! it 's the redhat ' truck ! egg and the boxtroll sprint around the square , chase by the redhat . mr. pickle they be right there , Mr. trout ! with winnie as she watch egg and the boxtroll sprint out of the square just a few step a head of the redhat 's truck . mr. gristle we be right behind you . ha hahaha ! winnie stare , slack - jaw as the truck 's light disappear down the hill , then she turn and reach for she father 's hat , but it 's go , instead she see -- -- a big shadowy figure hold the hat and stare at it lustily -- Archibald snatcher . winnie gasp . snatcher hmm . someone 's out past curfew . very dangerous . winnie be speechless for a moment , then - winnie I ... I see a boy . snatcher still stare at the hat . 27 . snatcher all I see be filthy boxtroll monster . snatcher finally look at winnie with a oily , false smile . snatcher ( cont 'd ) miss portley - rind . allow I to escort you home . snatcher lean down and offer he arm to winnie . she snub he . winnie I can escort myself , thank you . winnie turn she back to snatcher and he give a grunt of frustration and restraint . she turn back to collect the hat . winnie ( cont 'd ) if you will just give I my father 's hat back . winnie grab for the hat . snatcher swishes it out of she reach and head for the stair into the Guild . snatcher yes , how do this hat find itself aaaaall the way out here ? winnie run after he . winnie the ... wind ! blew it , right out the window . very windy tonight ! snatcher look doubtful . he lick he finger and hold it up . snatcher hmmm . must have die down . suddenly ! snatcher head right to the front door . winnie there 's no need to go inside . snatcher oh , but as a gentleman , I insist . snatcher shove open the door , push he way into the foyer - ( 0600 spr ) snatcher and lord portley-rind 28 . int . cheese guild - entrance hall - night -- and approach the foot of the main stair . snatcher ( calling out ) Lord portley -rind ! close on the tasting room door . sfx muffled voice of White hat enjoy themselves suddenly stop . lord portley-rind ( o.s. ) ( muffled ) do you hear something ? winnie wince . she turn to snatcher who be admire the white hat again . winnie ( desperate ) can I have the hat back now ? snatcher put the hat behind he back , grin and pull winnie up the stair by she wrist , toward the tasting room . winnie ( cont 'd ) ( pleading ) please . portley - rind burst out to see snatcher ascend the stair . lord portley-rind what in gouda 's name be go on ? Archibald snatcher ? snatcher deepest apology , you lordship . but I find something out in the street that belong to you . snatcher gesture behind he revealing a sheepish winnie . as he turn he also reveal the white hat . portley - rind rush down the stair to meet snatcher half way and grab the hat . lord portley-rind my White hat ! winnie look stricken . winnie huh ? 29 . as portley - rind pull on the hat , snatcher refuse to let it go , so they tug each other up and down the stair . lord portley-rind I will take that ... now , now , snatcher one do not acquire a white hat by simply -- ( straining ) -- pick it up ... off the street . portley - rind finally win the tussle and grab the hat back . he growl under he breath at the smudge leave on the brim . lord portley-rind ( cont 'd ) ( with emphasis ) a white hat indicate privilege , prestige , position ! ( then ) it must be earn . he remove a handkerchief from he breast pocket and dab at the hat 's brim . from the top of the stair the other Guild member chime in . langsdale with valor ! boulanger chivalry ! broderick or be rich ! that 's how I get it . snatcher look up at they and bow , remove he red hat . snatcher oh , do not I know it , sir . snatcher climb the stair and get face to face with portley - rind . snatcher ( cont 'd ) fortunately , we still have we little ... agreeeeement . portley - rind grimace , remember . lord portley-rind um .. ehhh ... snatcher open he arm , gesture widely , as he recite the particular of the deal . 30 . snatcher when I destroy every last boxtroll in this town , I shall earn my white hat ... and join you in the tasting room . snatcher take a step toward the tasting room door and look longingly into its warm , invite interior . the White hat reach back and slam the door shut . snatcher 's face fall . lord portley-rind good lord . ( twist he mustache ) not sure who should be more terrify - the boxtroll or we . the White hat chuckle . snatcher 's expression drop into a scowl . portley - rind put he hat back on . lord portley-rind ( cont 'd ) now , how the devil do my hat get outside in the first place ? snatcher smirk and gesture toward winnie . snatcher I be tell the wind have something to do with it . lord portley-rind the wind , eh ? portley - rind look at winnie and frown . winnie Father , I be sorry -- snatcher ( interrupting ) sorry ! can not stay . too much work to do . ( doff hat ) miss portley - rind , you lordship , sir . I bid you good night . I be sure we will be see each other again very , very soon . snatcher ooze out the door . portley - rind look at winnie and shake he head . lord portley-rind ( exasperated ) hmmmm .. winnie ... 31 . winnie be about to defend herself when snatcher pop he head back in and point to he head . snatcher do not forget . I be a size six - and - a - half . order ahead . as he finally leave , he hat get catch in the door and he let out a frustrated growl / groan . snatcher ( cont 'd ) ( under breath ) ugh ! winnie plead she case from the foot of the stair case as the White hat return to they cheese . winnie Father , I be sorry ! I do not mean to . well , at first I do , but I think this situation offer a great opportunity for a father and daughter to discuss they feeling -- portley - rind roll he eye and turn back to the tasting room . winnie ( cont 'd ) -- wait ! I see something out there . a boy with boxtroll -- lord portley-rind ( interrupting ) not another word . winnie but Father I really - lord portley-rind bed ! portley - rind shut the door leave winnie alone . she look back towards the front door . winnie I do see a boy ... ( 0700 ) fish capture ext . cheesebridge STREET - night close on : Fish , egg and shoe sprinting down a twist and turn street . the redhat ' vehicle be right behind they . 32 . egg ' helmet be blow off while he run . it fly onto the street behind they and be crush under the redhat ' truck . mr. pickle ( yelling ) hark ! here come the exterminator ! mr. gristle exterminate ! ha ha ha ha ! mr. trout but do not that sound like we be the villain ? mr. pickle huh . on two boxtrolls , sparky and snip , gathering a few block ahead : bam ! they be hit by headlight as Fish , egg and shoe come run between they . egg run ! sparky and snip hide in they box . mr. pickle hark ! here come the exterminator ... of justice ! mr. gristle ( scream insanely ) we exterminate justice ! Mr. pickle and Mr. trout look at each , both terrify of Mr. gristle . mr. gristle ( cont 'd ) faster ! egg grab hold ! egg , Fish and shoe join hand and leap from the street onto rooftop . as they careen from roof to roof , the boxtroll tuck into they box , but egg can not fit in he box . he wrap he arm around Fish 's box and ride on shoe 's box . the redhat ' vehicle skid around the bend and swerve through the street until it get below they . gristle 's head stick out , wind whipping he face like a dog . mr. gristle ha ha ha ! 33. mr. pickle over there Mr. trout ! pickle nervously aim a bolas gun , clearly not comfortable with the weapon . he fire , and a weighted bolas shoot out ... but , miss egg and the boxtroll badly . egg , Fish , and shoe tumble off of the rooftop . they fall through the air before bounce from a store awning and landing on the cobblestone street . egg lead the boxtroll toward a drain pipe . egg this way ! gristle fire he saw off bolas gun as the truck skid ! mr. gristle ( laughing ) my turn ! ha ha ! the bolas whizze toward egg and the flee boxtroll as they leap into a drain pipe ! int . sewer - day on fish as a the weight bolas wrap around he box . his foot be pull out from under he as he reach out toward he friend . fish Egg ! the bolas rope be attach to the redhat truck , just outside of the sewer pipe . the rope tighten as they begin to wind up the slack . egg and shoe turn to see Fish grab the side of the slick sewer , try not to be pull away . egg scramble around shoe , hide in he box , and rush to Fish as he be drag down the pipe towards the redhat . egg grab Fish 's hand , but the redhat be too strong . Fish frantically cry out . fish ( cont 'd ) egg ! egg ! egg no ! 34 . egg can not hold on and Fish 's hand slip free , he 's pull out of the pipe crying ! fish eggggg ! Fish be yank out of sight . egg be leave lie on the ground , gasp ffor breath . his best friend be go . silence . egg startles as shoe touch he shoulder . he look up and shoe shake he head , resign . shoe take egg ' arm and slowly lead he deeper into the pipe bend , toward home . ( 0750 egc ) egg ' choice int . boxtroll cavern - egg ' NOOK close on the spin quattro sabatinos record . egg sit hunch over in despair with one finger rest on the music machine , cause it to play very , very , slowly . behind egg we see shoe 's face appear . he stare at egg . beat shoe throw a bug at egg . it bounce off he head . no reaction , so shoe do it again ... still no reaction . beat shoe enter the nook . egg look at he . shoe hold out two hand full of yummy bug . shoe ( gurgle ) bug for dinner ? nothing . shoe sigh , and put a bug in he mouth . egg ( quietly ) why do we do this , shoe ... shoe stop eat , open he mouth as if to answer then pause , agape . the bug crawl out and up onto the top of he head . shoe think , gurgle . 35 . egg ( cont 'd ) carry on like everything be normal ? they drag we away and we do nothing ... the lucky bug extend it 's wing and fly away . shoe do not react . he do not know what to say . sfx : the clock goe off signaling time to sleep . shoe glance out of the cave as the remain boxtroll start to make what 's leave of the communal sleep pile . shoe look back and forth between egg and the sleep pile . he know he should stay , but the sleep pile be really come together out there . with a whine of frustration for he friend , he shake off some bug for egg to eat and leave . egg sigh and look over to the corner where Fish 's old see and bow lean against the wall . the bug shoe leave crawl up egg ' arm and he angrily shove they away and notice the quattro sabatino 's record cover . close on : the face of the four singer , each one festoon with a elaborate mustache , and then on to they orange and brown stripe coat and finally focuss on they straw boater hat . egg lower it to reveal -- int . boxtroll cavern - dressing area - later -- egg reflection in a old cracked mirror . he be wear a disguise base on the singer from the quattro sabatino 's record cover ( which he hold in he hand ) . he have make a stripe jacket by sewing strip of orange fabric to a old coat and find a filthy old straw boater . he have even draw a twirle Van dyck mustache on he face with a lump of coal . egg ( hopeful ) I look like one of they . ( doubtful ) ( sigh ) sort of . he look at the pile of sleep boxtroll as they snore . he look back at the mirror . egg ( cont 'd ) ( determine ) I will find you , Fish ! 36 . he tiptoe out into the cavern and sneak off into the shadow . int . sewer - day - moment later in a pitch black sewer , a thin ray of sunlight shoot down from a hole in a manhole cover . egg ' filthy hand , wrap in tear strip of fabric , reach into the light . Dust mote drift around he hand and glow . the reflect light illuminate egg ' wide eye face . ( 0800 ) daylight down shot : egg climb up toward the manhole . he have to squint at the bright sunlight . egg Pov : look up at the manhole until the bright light fill the screen . sfx : as we go into the light , the sound of the street of a bustling city get louder and louder . ext . market STREET - day close on : a heavy cast iron manhole as it grind open . blind sunlight pour in . egg ' dirty face peek out . his eye go wide . egg ( amazed ) wow ... klang ! a fat man step on the manhole cover and slam it shut . egg ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ahh ! a beat . the manhole open again ( klang !! ) , and again be slam shut as it be drive over , by a cart that stop . egg shove the manhole open and clamber out . for a second he 's reassure at how calm it be then the cart move off and he be leave crouching in the middle of a busy street . he look up and be blind by the SUN . aaargh ! drum beat and a cymbal crash ! egg jump out of the way as a one man band march through , almost run he over . he 's push and shove by a festive crowd ... 37 . egg ( cont 'd ) ahhhh !!! townsperson 1 outta the way ! until he back into a old timey backdrop paint with lurid image of monstrous boxtroll steal a wail baby . photographer get yer picture take with the trubshaw baby ! a humorous keepsake for this dark and dreadful day ! egg ahhhh !! ( rights himself ) eek. egg stumble backwards into the crowd where he be crush between pedestrian until he be lift off the ground and carry along . egg ( cont 'd ) ehh ! oof. eek ! above egg the bright sun distort the face in the crowd like in a fever dream . egg be carry along , he foot lift off of the ground by the bustling crowd . egg ( cont 'd ) hey . oww ! the crowd part and he be drop to the ground at the foot of a stage with a loud oof ! ( 0900 mff ) madame frou frou ext . market square - day everyone hush as a too enthusiastic carnival barker be voice introduce the act . snatcher ( o.s. ) lady and gent , from the long - lose land of crackerslovakia -- madame frou frou ! madame frou frou burst through the curtain . she 's a big , sexy , voluptuous woman , exotic in a weird Eastern european mae west kind of way . 38 . madame frou frou ( high - pitched lady - voice ) helloooo cheesebridge ! hello darlink ! thank you ! thank you ! my darlink ! lord portley-rind yoo hoo ! I be you biggest fan , frou frou . portley - rind and the White hat call from they exclusive podium in the center of the crowd . winnie and a very bored Lady Cynthia portley - rind stand next to Lord portley -rind . madame frou frou Lord portley - rind , you be too much . ( flirting ) or maybe just enough ! rowrr ! frou frou give he a wink as Lady portley - rind elbow he in the stomach . lord portley-rind oof. very good . frou frou take center stage . madame frou frou ( cont 'd ) today I shall perform ze sad tale of ze trubshaw baby ! but first , I need a helper from ze audience ! winnie jump up and down , wave she hand enthusiastically . winnie ( raise hand , jump ) me! pick I ! me! madame frou frou ( pretend not to see winnie ) anyone ? anyone at all ? nobody ? townsfolk boy Excuse I , I would like to -- winnie roughly elbow the boy out of the way -- winnie move aside ! pick I ... -- and climb up on stage without be ask . egg be transfix - it be the girl from last night ! 39 . madame frou frou ( falsely welcoming ) ah! Little miss portley - rind , you shall play ze sweet little baby trubshaw . frou frou give winnie a bonnet . winnie I see a boy with boxtroll last night ! maybe you audience would like to hear -- oof ! frou frou shove a pacifier in winnie 's mouth and scoot she behind the curtain . madame frou frou stick to ze script , my darlink ! frou frou walk to the barrel organ and turn the brass handle . once it be wound , she take she place at center stage , a fan poise coyly over she face . madame frou frou ( cont 'd ) ten year ago a plot be hatched where evil be with cun match whoever leave they door unlatch would find they infant child snatched by boxtrolls on egg watch the show , shocked . egg what ?! back to the show . madame frou frou oo no boxtroll winnie and Mr. pickle , without he red hat and wear a fake mustache , come dance out on stage as papa trubshaw and baby trubshaw . pickle struggle to pick up winnie and hold she like a baby . madame frou frou ( cont 'd ) trubshaw senior love he kid the same as regular father 's do if you do not want to share he plight make sure that you be lock up tight from boxtrolls 40 . winnie dance in place and pretend to sleep as pickle walk off stage . madame frou frou ( cont 'd ) for this night baby 's dad trubshaw quite forget to lock he door and as soon as he begin to snore the boxtroll come in to withdraw poor baby that vile boxtroll a trap door open in the stage floor and Mr. gristle climb out dress in a crude boxtroll costume make from papier - mch . gristle growls . madame frou frou ( cont 'd ) so lock you window , bolt you door or boxtroll with they creepy claw will take you child in they paw and drag they down to feed they jaw boxtrolls the crowd hiss as gristle grab winnie and push she down the trap ! gristle make chomping and nom nom sound . gristle rawr ! pickle run onto the stage melodramatically pantomime a heart - break father search for he miss child . madame frou frou mister trubshaw go quite wild when he find out he would lose he child he do what any dad would do he run off swiftly to pursue that boxtrolls Mr. gristle return and stalk pickle from behind -- crowd no ! / behind you !/ look out man ! he 's behind you ! -- and , a bit too enthusiastically , shove pickle down through trap door . 41 . madame frou frou " help , help , help I please will not you ? " but the boxtroll do what boxtrolls do they snatch he up and begin to chew until there be no residue of trubshaw . Mr. trout throw a arm full of papier - mo ch bone onto the stage . gristle pick one up , shove it into he papier - m  ch jaw and taunt the audience like a villainous professional wrestler . madame frou frou ( cont 'd ) they pull he down into they nest hardly pause to digest they leave he bone but eat the rest never be a dinner guest of boxtrolls oo that boxtroll crowd booooo ! egg but she 's lie . a man stand next to egg overhear and look down at he . egg pale and pull he disguise tighter . madame frou frou and that 's the story of the trubshaw kid do not do what Father trubshaw do if you see boxtroll do not placate they catch them and exterminate they boxtrolls frou frou wallop gristle with she fan . the crowd cheer she on as she beat the crap out of he in a not-very - ladylike fashion . the crowd be whipped into a frenzy ! madame frou frou ( cont 'd ) kill that boxtroll ! egg be crush by the furious crowd as they chant along with Madame frou frou . 42 . madame frou frou ( cont 'd ) kill that boxtroll ! crowd kill that boxtroll ! lord portley-rind / white hat do not forget about we party tonight , frou frou ! egg look around at the frantic crowd , he see winnie exite out the back of the stage . she dust herself off and head back into the crowded market . egg follow she . ( 1000 efw ) egg follows winnie ext . market square as winnie make she way across the crowded square egg follow she . - when he see the one man Band come closer , he duck down into a box shape as if he could hide like a real boxtroll . when the danger be pass he look up and see winnie disappear into the crowd . - egg run to catch up and have to jump over a vendor push a cart . townsperson 2 hey ? what the ... - egg fall in behind winnie a she nonchalantly circle the tent of a cheese seller . she suddenly look back and stare right at egg ! egg hide behind a swiss cheese . winnie ignore he and head off down the street with egg still follow until she -- ext market square - arcade - day -- lunge around a corner and disappear ! egg run after she , turn the corner and she 's go . suddenly she jump out in front of he . winnie what do you want ! egg , startle , instinctively hide in a barrel . winnie peer in at he . 43. winnie ( cont 'd ) you be the worst pickpocket I have ever see . she toss he a coin . winnie ( cont 'd ) here , buy yourself a book on how to be a better thief . she walk away shaking she head . egg climb up out of the barrel . egg wait ! I see you last night . winnie freeze , eye wide . she slowly turn back to he . he look down , too scared to look she in the eye . egg ( cont 'd ) and they take Fish , and ... I do not know where they take he ... he look up and winnie be right in front of he . egg ( cont 'd ) ah ! winnie you be with the boxtroll last night ? egg wipe the coal dust mustache from he face . egg yes . winnie ( excite ) whoah ! I know it ! I know it ! I know it ! winnie gleefully dance about as egg climb out of the barrel . winnie ( cont 'd ) Father do not believe I but I know it ! how do you escape ?! egg we go underground and they -- 44 . winnie ( interrupting ) do they drag you down to they hideous cave ? egg huh ? egg back up as winnie advance , intensely press he for information . winnie be there mountain of baby bone and river of blood ? egg what ? winnie do they eat you family ? egg my family - winnie do they let you watch ?! ( pause ) I mean , make you watch ?! she grab he by the shoulder . winnie ( cont 'd ) tell I everything ! freak out and frustrated , egg bite her on the arm . she freeze . they stare at each other , egg panting , she in shock . she look down at she arm flabbergasted . winnie ( cont 'd ) you bit I . egg I need to find the Men in Red hat ! winnie look at the bite mark again . winnie you bit I with you mouth . egg the Men in Red hat ! 45 . winnie the boxtroll exterminator ? they live down on curd 's Way . egg how do I get there ? winnie point to the milk Street sign that they be stand under . winnie curd Way ? milk turn into it . the one man band drop a cymbal : BA dum chhhh ! egg turn to go , then hesitates . egg it 's not true , you know . ( angry ) we do not eat baby ! he run off down the street . winnie we ? what do you mean we ? egg round a corner and be go . winnie ( cont 'd ) come back here ! tell I everything ! she take off after he . ( 1100 slr ) snatcher' lair int snatcher' factory - same time close on Fish 's frighten face peek out from under he box lid . reveal he 's in a cage , be stare at by the three redhat -- pickle , trout and gristle . gristle reach up and poke he with a cricket bat . mr. gristle ( sinister whisper ) poke . mr. pickle you ever wonder what they be thinkin ' `bout , Mr. trout ? 46 . mr. trout I imagine they be evaluate they life choice . mr. pickle ah. wonderin ' why they choose to be evil , disgusting monster instead of good guy like we ! snatcher ( o.s. ) wrong , Mr. pickle ! they turn to see snatcher , come down a long walkway behind they , backlit by tall window . he finish drying he face with a towel , then walk towards they , orate theatrically : snatcher ( cont 'd ) a boxtroll cannot choose a new life because a boxtroll do not aspire to be anything more than a weak , lowly pest . ( a beat ) but a man -- a great man ! ( toss towel , arm wide ) and he ... mr. trout colleague ? mr. pickle best chum ? snatcher ... stooge ( then ) ... can choose to change they life . we dream be in we grasp ! snatcher lift Mr. gristle into the air . snatcher ( cont 'd ) let we be dream -grasper , fate - snatcher , destiny - taker ! let we grasp we dream and shove they down everyone 's throat ! be I not right ? mr. gristle throat ! snatcher yes ! 47 . snatcher throw gristle and pickle catch he in he arm , hold he like a small child . gristle smile maniacally . mr. pickle that 's why you name be the boss , boss ! mr. trout I 'mnotastooge , be I ? pickle release gristle as they follow snatcher . snatcher now , gentleman . what better way to dream than to walk in the shoe of that to whom we aspire ? Mr. pickle , fetch the -- mr. pickle shoe ? mr. trout clog ? mr. gristle ( brandish cricket bat ) bat ! snatcher cheese . snatcher walk away as trout and pickle blanche . they face go from rapt attention to apprehension . gristle just keep he derange grin . mr. trout oh no . mr. pickle oh dear . mr. gristle Nice ! heh heh heh heh heh ... ( 1200 ) egg save fish ext . cheesebridge - world view cheesebridge loom quietly overhead . the camera slowly pan down as -- 48 . ext . industrial wasteland egg reach a intersection and stop at the street sign : milk ave and curd way . he look around at the industrial wasteland . in the distance be one lone building with a bloody red top hat paint on the huge wooden door . egg head toward it . int . snatcher' factory close on snatcher 's grimy hand hold up a white hat make out of paper . snatcher Men , don you white hat . snatcher lower the paper hat onto he head . across the table from he the redhat replace they red hat with paper white hat . they all sit at a table set with crack crockery and mismatch plate . mr. pickle be you sure about this , boss ? you know what cheese can do to you ... snatcher ( tucking a napkin into he collar ) unless you be refer to how cheese bring man of respect and power together in brotherhood , no , I do not know what ... ( looming menacingly ) " cheese . does. to. I . " mr. pickle ( gulp ) that 's what I mean then . snatcher marvelous ! then let we begin . trout take a little piece of cheese out of a package label " extra mild cheddar " . he focus and cut off the tiniest little sliver and put it on a plate , inspect it and slice it into a even smaller piece ... then slice it again ... and again ... and again ... and -- snatcher ( cont 'd ) ( yell ) enough ! 49 . snatcher bang he fist on the table . startle , pickle and trout jump . then trout put a tiny slice of cheese on a plate and very slowly rotate the top of the table like a lazy Susan . it take forever for snatcher 's plate to arrive in front of he . snatcher lose patience and spin the table so that a plate land in front of he . as he move to pierce the cheese with he fork , the plate shift to the leave . he glare at Mr. trout and Mr. pickle , who turn the table top . they immediately return the plate . the redhat stare nervously as snatcher stab the curd and raise it to he lip and place it on he tongue . he chew , relishing it , then swallow . snatcher ( cont 'd ) ( smiling ) mmmm ! the redhat relax . they take a tiny piece of cheese each and eat it . snatcher ( cont 'd ) I say , old chap , it 's quite , um ... quite -- mr. trout -- aromatic ? oaky ? with a undertone of a mother 's smile on a warm spring day ? hmm ... snatcher yes ! that thing ! etcetera etcetera , big word , chummy banter ... as the redhat look on in horror , red spot appear across snatcher 's face . he scratch at they absently . mr. pickle ( whisper to trout ) someone 's get the cheese fit again . mr. trout ( shudder ) ohhh ... ( whisper to gristle ) quickly , quietly , get the leech . gristle scurries away , crossing behind snatcher . 50 . mr. gristle quietly ! snatcher ( slurre ) where be he go ? be he get more cheese ? snatcher 's lip instantly puff up into huge , wobbly , distend fish lip . the redhat stare -- mr. gristle quietly ! snatcher what ? mr. pickle ( scare ) I think you have have enough for today , boss . in the background , egg ' silhouette appear in the soot - cover window . he wipe away the grime to look in . ext . snatcher' factory - day egg look away from the window up at a large , rickety AIR duct attach to the side of the building . he climb into the duct , leave he disguise behind . int . snatcher' factory - day back to scene . snatcher 's face be now grotesquely misshapen and one eye have swollen shut like quasimodo . snatcher ( slur by swollen lip ) be not this nice ? chew the cheddar with the big cheesss . holding my own -- ( gulp cheese ) -- with sssophissstication and sssavoir faire ! pickle , and trout sit nervously at the table and stare at he . mr. pickle ( super worried ) yup . nothing terrifying about that . 51 . mr. trout ( rub he neck , nervously ) uh huh huh ... snatcher thisss be where I belong ! he lean back in he " throne " and begin orate again . mr. trout Spot on , as always , sir . egg appear peek out of the air duct high on the factory wall . mr. pickle ( o.s. ) you be not wrong , boss . snatcher ( angry ) well not here ! in this rotten factory ! snatcher quickly lean forward , slam he fist on the table and stand . snatcher ( cont 'd ) I belong up there ! egg shrink back into the duct , afraid that snatcher have notice he . mr. trout ( o.s. ) I be agree so I do not upset you . mr. pickle ( o.s. ) very clever . on snatcher as he lurch up from the table and point toward the city . egg retreat slightly into the duct in response to snatcher 's erratic movement . snatcher in the taste room , supping on the choicest cheese ... everyone in town bow down to I , like a gentleman , a lord with a white hat ! on egg : he spot Fish in a cage suspend above the floor . egg Fish ! he leap onto a hang chain and climb . 52 . mr. pickle ( o.s. ) you have never be wrong , boss . snatcher ( o.s. ) it 's a time - honore tradition . in the background , snatcher stand up quickly , send he chair fly and stalk around . snatcher ( cont 'd ) ( frustration ) aaaarrgh ! egg climb across the rafter , above the redhat as -- mr. trout now , now boss ... do not get yourself all work up . mr. pickle use you breathe . -- pickle and trout follow snatcher nervously , like guard at a insane asylum . on snatcher : as they move in to comfort he but he rail back at they , arm flail . snatcher stand back peasant ! you do not touch you King ! on egg : as he work he way through ceiling girder . he jump from the rafter to a loose chain . snatcher ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) King Archibald snatcher . yes , I shall be king too , why not ? mr. trout ( o.s. ) stay with we , boss . mr. pickle ( o.s. ) tell we more about when you will be king . egg land quietly . he peek out from behind a crate and see snatcher climb onto the table to get away from trout and pickle . snatcher he will not let I ! that pompous portley - rind and he gaggle of giggle sycophant . 53. Fish 's cage hang in between . mr. pickle ( o.s. ) now , now boss , you be careful up there . egg run to Fish 's hang cage and climb on . snatcher ( o.s. ) Father always say if you work hard , you would get a white hat ! and what do he ever get ! nothing ! egg ( whisper ) Fish . fish ( startled ) ahhh ! Fish hide in he box make the cage swing and squeak . on gristle : in the corner where he lean into a filthy fish tank pull out slimy , wriggly leech and drop they into a jar . gristle jerk up and hone in on the sound like a bat . he stare as the cage slowly spin threaten to reveal egg . mr. trout hurry Mr. gristle , be lose he . gristle turn back to harvest leech just as egg swing into view . phew ! egg swing himself back out of sight . snatcher ( o.s. ) I have work my hump off for this town ! mr. pickle ( o.s. ) and it 's grow back . snatcher ( o.s. ) wading through wet garbage in the middle of the night , crawl after monster ! what have portley -rind ever do . eat some cheese , run the government , nothing ! 54 . on fish : as egg watch the redhat argue . snatcher unsteadily climb on top of the table and continue he tirade . snatcher ( cont 'd ) what have portley - rind ever do . eat some cheese , run the government , nothing ! Fish poke he head back out of he box . fish eggggs ! egg shh ! mr. pickle ( o.s. ) come on down from there , boss . egg throw the lock on Fish 's cage and hop down , hold the door open . mr. trout ( o.s. ) just put one giant blob-shape foot in front of the other . egg ( whispering ) let 's go ... come on , come on ! Fish shuffles out of the cage , murmure with fear . snatcher ( o.s. ) ( angry ) I will rip that hat off of portley - rind 's head ... whoa hoah ! thunk ! Fish hide in he box and egg hunker down as if he have a box , but snatcher be not talk to they . mr. pickle boss , boss ! mr. trout boss ! on snatcher : he have lose he balance and crash to the floor . trout and pickle twist they hand , unsure of what to do , as snatcher lay atop the break table . snatcher ( groggy ) I be alright . just give I a hand . 55 . snatcher hold up he cheese - cover hand and the hand suddenly swell up into a grotesque meat glove ! mr. pickle ( disgust ) ugh . mother of sausage ! mr. trout ( o.s. ) Holy meat glove ! egg look horrify at the sight of snatcher 's giant hand . Fish will not come out of the box so egg be force to lug he like a sack of concrete to the wall beneath the heating duct . trout and pickle help snatcher up . mr. trout ( cont 'd ) upsy daisy now , boss . let 's get you a nice cuppa tea - - snatcher smack trout away with he swollen hand - ( yelp ! ) - mr. pickle aaah ! mister snatcher ! -- and stare at pickle . his eye be swollen nearly shut and blink spastically . snatcher' Pov : blurry and distort at first , then , at each blink , pickle morph into Lord portley - rind , white hat and all . mr. pickle / portley-rind huh ? ( uneasy ) ... what be it , Mr. snatcher ? snatcher you . mr. pickle / lpr I ? snatcher give I that hat ! he lunge at pickle ( ahhhh ! ) and choke he with he giant cheese hand ! snatcher ( cont 'd ) I will make that brie stuff pig bow down to I ! I be go to be somebody ! 56 . pickle wrestle snatcher 's swollen face into a headlock . mr. pickle ahh ! I get he ! do it ! mr. trout mr. gristle now ! mr. pickle now ! now ! now !! gristle run up and hurl the jar of leech onto snatcher 's face . mr. gristle leech ! snatcher ahhhhh ! ugh . oof . gahhh ! snatcher grunt and yell then everything go silent , except for the suck sound of the leech . Mr. trout shrink away and Mr. gristle grin , enjoy the spectacle . on egg : egg be horrify by the sight of the leech suck on snatcher 's swollen face . egg eww ! ( to fish ) you have get to help I , Fish ! fish ( gurgle ) okay . Fish stick he right arm out of the box . egg ( groan ) uggggh . egg grab Fish 's arm and swing the whole box over he shoulder so he be wear Fish like a back pack . then egg grab a pipe on the wall and climb toward the duct . they swell up larger and larger as snatcher 's face shrink back down to normal . they drop off one at a time and squish at snatcher 's foot . snatcher flick off the last few leech and flip he hair . his face be marre with red spot from the sucker but have return to its normal size . 57 . snatcher ( groggy ) oh , hello . where be we ? mr. trout we be about to ... uhh ... mr. gristle ( quietly , gesture with the empty jar ) leech . mr. trout ... put that new boxtroll to work . ai not that right , Mr. pickle ? Mr. pickle stumble over , rub he sore neck . mr. pickle that be correct . snatcher ah yes ... right . open the workshop Mr. trout ! trout run to a lever and pull it . ( 1250 ems ) egg meet snatcher int snatcher' factory - day the factory be fill with load - grind sound as a steam wheel turn . huge timber in the wooden floor pull OPEN , revealing a dark pit below in the factory sub - level . egg and Fish be still a few foot short of the air duct . egg heave Fish halfway into the duct and have to stretch out over empty space to push he in . snatcher and the redhat reach Fish 's empty cage . snatcher huh ? where be the beast ? egg push Fish half into the duct while hang from the swinging cage . Fish be look straight down , suddenly he eye go wide ! fish huh ? egg follow he gaze and look down . 58 . egg ( gasp ) but .. you be all alive !? big reveal : in the dark pit be dozen of enslaved boxtrolls in chain ! they surround a massive , unrecognizable machine . they work on different section drilling , welding , wrenching , etc . oil can look up and spot egg and Fish . oil can egg ? boxtroll prisoner egg ! egg ! egg ! then amidst all the weird gurgle a human voice call out . prisoner huh ? egg huh ? egg look and see a strange man hanging up side down amongst the boxtroll . his head be cover with a wild mop of tangle hair and a long beard and mustache dangle from he face . pickle look up and spot egg straddle the cage and the duct . he point up , the redhat follow he gaze . pickle there he be ... snatcher stare at egg ' dirty , panicked face . snatcher it can not be . it 's not possible . ( angry ) it 's not right ! mr. pickle that 's we boxtroll ! give `im back ! snatcher ( shove pickle ) do not stand there gawk . get he ! mr. gristle chase time ! gristle laugh with delight and bolt off , toss he white paper hat to the ground . snatcher look to trout . 59 . snatcher Mr. trout ! Mr. trout pull a lever and the cage egg be stand on jerk up . Fish fall the rest of the way into the duct and disappear . fish ahhhhhh ! the cage drop ! egg leap onto a rafter as the cage crash to the factory floor ! snatcher ten year and now you show up ?! egg look down as the floor close over the boxtroll prisoner face . oil can eggggs ! egg what be you do with they ? snatcher you will find out soon enough ! pickle run past fumble with a bolas gun as gristle leap onto the nearest hang cage and point at trout with he cricket bat . mr. gristle up ! trout pull a lever and gristle ride the cage up into the rafter like a pirate . mr. gristle ( cont 'd ) i'm flying on a cage ! he leap off the cage and grip he cricket bat with he tooth . he swing through the rafter on rope , all the while laugh like a maniac . he land in front of egg and swing the bat aloft . mr. gristle ( cont 'd ) ha ! ( swing ) rah ! egg shriek and run across the skinny girder . gristle follow on he heel . snatcher shoot mr . pickle ! shoot ! 60 . pickle nervously aim he bolas gun at he . mr. pickle it would be easier if he would stop move ! gristle run behind egg , swinging he bat at he head . egg avoid be hit but lose he foot . mr. pickle ( cont 'd ) stop move ! egg fall , hit a beam hard , and grab the bottom edge of a girder . he hang there , a easy shot . mr. pickle ( cont 'd ) thank you . gristle raise he bat to strike . pickle fumble for the trigger . there 's no way they can miss . egg ( defiant , scared ) boxtroll do not hurt anyone ! let they go ! snatcher yes , well , I need they . they be my ticket to a white hat , trubshaw baby ! winnie ( o.s. ) trubshaw baby !? everyone freeze and whirl around . Pickle 's shoot distractedly - pop ! - but the net miss egg and loop around a rafter . mr. pickle oops . winnie stand in the open doorway of the factory . winnie ( to egg ) I know there be something strange about you ! winnie notice gristle wield a cricket bat , pickle a gun , and snatcher look sheepish . snatcher ( nervously ) miss portley - rind ! what a surprise ! ( more ) 61 . snatcher ( cont 'd ) do you .. do you father know you be here ? winnie ( dismissive ) no of course not ! ( up to egg ) but wait till I tell he ! the trubshaw baby ! alive ! winnie see trout tower over she . mr. trout ( regretfully ) sorry , miss . winnie look at snatcher in horror and confusion . trout pick she up in he big hand . winnie what be you do ? unhand I ! snatcher look like the boxtroll have a new victim , miss . and she name be you . gristle remember egg . he swing he bat over he head and bring it down but egg leap , grab the rope from pickle ' miss shot , and swing like tarzan towards the door that winnie open . trout panic as he see egg swinging towards he . he hold winnie up to protect he face . egg barrel into trout 's belly , knock he backward and get he wedge in the door . ( 1300 wch ) wasteland chase ext . snatcher' factory - day egg and winnie tumble outside the factory and roll to a stop in a cloud of dust . snatcher they be get away Mr. gristle ! winnie ( panicked ) what have you drag I into ? Fish call to they from a manhole . 62 . fish egg ! egg ! egg ! egg ! egg run ! egg and winnie run . ext . industrial wasteland still run egg and winnie suddenly hear a loud crash ! behind they gristle come crash through a high window swinging on a chain . mr. gristle I be swinging on a chain ! egg / winnie ahhh ! egg and winnie slide into the manhole that Fish hold open . they make it in and slam it shut just in time for Mr. gristle to face plant on top of it . mr. gristle stuck on a manhole ! trout finally pop out of the factory doorway . he and Mr. pickle come run up to the motionless Mr. gristle , stand over he . mr. trout oww ... mr. pickle do not make no sense . that 's evil prevaile over good . snatcher arrive . snatcher ( to trout ) if Lord portley - rind find out that boy be alive , it will ruin everything I have work for ! mr. trout you mean , we work for ? snatcher glare at Mr. trout , silent . 63. mr. pickle I think we be all say the same thing here . mr. trout I do not think we be . snatcher ( annoyed ) bah ... snatcher walk away , frustrated . mr. pickle but , just in different way . ( 1400 fmr ) family reunion int boxtroll cavern - entrance chute - moment later winnie scream as she fly down the chute , into the cavern , down the conveyor belt , and crash into the boxtroll sleep pile . int boxtroll cavern - night winnie lay amongst the scattered box . she push herself upright , cough . boxtroll poke they head out all around she and stare . winnie ( gasp ) ohh ! winnie get as far away from the boxtroll as she can , bump into knicker as she shuffles backwards . winnie ( cont 'd ) stay away from I ! someone , help !!! wealthy girl in danger ! she push herself against a wall . the boxtroll gather , curious . winnie spot shoe nearby , with worm and bug dangle from he mouth . she hide behind a cabbage , whimper . winnie ( cont 'd ) if you be go to eat I just get it over with . I be sure I be delicious . suddenly there be the sound of happy boxtroll gurgle and drum they box . 64 . winnie peek out . the boxtroll be surround egg and Fish and celebrate they return . no one be pay any attention to she . winnie ( cont 'd ) hmm ? fish ( gurgling excite hellos ) egg it 's not just we . all the other be alive too ! egg ( cont 'd ) we see they ! winnie ( behind the crowd ) what 's go on ?! egg ( ignoring her ) oil can , wheel , all of they ! specs ( gurgle ) egg yes ! clock ( gurgle ) where be they ? egg I do not know , but the redhat have they building something in they factory . winnie ( shout ) I say what 's go on ? why be not they rip out we eyeball and eat we face ? the boxtroll wince at the sound of winnie 's scream voice and some of they drop into they box . egg turn to look at she . winnie ( cont 'd ) and where be the river of blood and mountain of bone ?! I be promised mountain of bone ! 65 . the rest of the boxtroll squeak in fear and drop into they box . egg look pointedly at the boxtroll , then back at winnie . egg I told you , we do not eat people ! winnie why do you keep say " we " ? you be not one of they ! you be a boy ! egg ( incredulous ) no I be not , I be a boxtroll ! egg the boxtroll . he point to he box like it 's the most obvious thing in the world . winnie oh really ? then let 's see you fit in you box . egg I ... I can not right now . winnie mm hmm . egg ( defensively} I be long -bon . the surround boxtroll gurgle in agreement with egg . but as he argument with winnie get louder the boxtroll shrink away from the two human . winnie you do not talk like they ! egg I - I have a speech impediment ! winnie you ear be not pointy ! egg ( tug on he ear ) I sleep on they funny ! winnie be get exasperate . 66 . winnie oh for goodness sake . give I you hand ! winnie lunge forward and grab egg ' hand , but he resist . winnie ( cont 'd ) ( wryly ) I do not bite . egg stop resisting and she quickly unwrap the rag from he hand . egg hey ! winnie take Fish 's hand and hold it up next to egg hand . winnie see ? you be not like they . she drop Fish 's hand and hold up she own . she press she hand to he hand , five finger to five finger . winnie ( cont 'd ) you be one of we . you be a boy , egg . or should I call you the trubshaw baby ? a beat . egg pull he hand away and stare at it , he face confuse . then he look at Fish , who be look at he own hand in bemusement . egg it 's not true be it Fish ? I be a boxtroll like you , be not I ? Fish shake he head , " no " . egg look dumbstruck . winnie see ?! I be right ! ( to fish ) now admit it , admit you steal he ! fish gurglegurglegurgle ! winnie ( to egg ) be he confess ? 67 . egg he say I be ... give to he . winnie ha , right again ! i- ... wait , what ? winnie and egg be both flabbergasted . egg I be give to you ? Fish nod he head . yup . egg ' leg give way beneath he . he stumble back and sit down on the floor . egg ( cont 'd ) who give I to you ? Fish start gurgle and keep gurgle , he face suggest that he 's convey something from long - long ago ... fish [ gurgle gurgle ] winnie stand by egg , watch Fish curiously . winnie what 's he say ? egg oh , sorry . he say a long time ago there be a kind man-- dissolve to : ( 1500 tbb ) trubshaw baby int . trubshaw kitchen ( flashback ) - night Fish and shoe stand beside a rubbish bin , tinkering with a whirligig contraption . egg ( v.o. ) -- the one man in town who see they be not monster ... sfx : a baby giggle . Fish and shoe startle and hide in they box . the whirligig clatter to the ground . 68 . egg ( v.o. ) ... but builder ... like he . Pov fish : Herbert trubshaw stand at a open window to he second - floor workshop , hold a baby in he arm . instead of chase they away he smile at they . Fish and shoe slowly lift they head out of they box , return the smile . dissolve to : another night : Herbert , baby egg , and Fish sit on the back stoop and discuss a invention . as Herbert talk , Fish casually take it from he and tweak it . herbert I have try adjust the dongle and there do not seem to be any possible solut -- oh look , you have solve it ! Fish laugh with Herbert . Herbert hand baby egg to Fish , and he hold the child at arm 's length . herbert ( cont 'd ) who 's up for a jelly break ? Fish stare at baby egg as Herbert eat a spoonful of jelly . they smile at each other . herbert ( cont 'd ) ( voice fade ) I tell you I could eat this stuff for the rest of my life . dissolve to : another night : Fish and shoe enter the back yard and freeze as they step into light . herbert ( cont 'd ) but one night ... in the second story window , menace silhouettes of snatcher and gristle loom over Herbert , who clutches baby egg to he chest . snatcher 's muffle voice can be hear threaten Herbert and the baby . snatcher ( o.s. ) come on ! I be be reasonable . I can be unreasonable . 69 . egg ( v.o. ) snatcher want he to build something ... herbert I -- I be a inventor , not a killer ! egg ( v.o. ) but he refuse ... lightning crash . Fish stare up at the window . at snatcher 's loud threat , shoe run away . egg ( v.o. ) and when the redhat try to take I away from he ... snatcher 's silhouette move menacingly towards Herbert . snatcher maybe if I hold on to you son ... Herbert shove snatcher away . snatcher growl . herbert not my boy ! Herbert kick gristle and open the window . he place the baby into a box pulley system that dangle from the upper floor . he untether the rope , yell to Fish . herbert ( cont 'd ) run ! protect my --ughh ! Herbert be tackle by gristle . Fish watch the cry baby lower to the ground in a egg box . he be freeze with fear . egg ( v.o. ) and then they ... snatcher club Herbert across the head and Herbert go down hard . Dead . the baby cry . snatcher look out the window , panting from exertion , and see Fish stare up in shock . 70 . Thunder boom , lightning flash , and rain pour down as Fish bolt through the gate and out of the yard with baby egg still in the egg box . back to : int boxtroll cavern - night egg hold he box , stare forlornly down at he label . winnie ( o.s. ) they what ? egg ( whispered ) they kill he . Fish be silent . egg bow he head and walk away . winnie and the boxtroll watch he quietly . ( 1550 ) father ext . egg NOOK - moment later egg sit alone on the edge of he nook , look out over the cavern . winnie quietly walk up and sit next to he . winnie I think that kind man be you father . beat egg ( look up , confuse ) what 's a father ? she have to think . winnie um ... well ... a father be the one who raise you ... look after you . love you . egg oh ! like Fish . winnie yes ... 71 . winnie look at Fish , who bend down to lap water from a bucket of water like a dog . winnie ( cont 'd ) ... no . they be suppose to be like that man in the story . someone who will do anything to help you . they always listen and never get angry ... winnie warm to this conversation . she 's half talk to herself . egg hang on every word . winnie ( cont 'd ) they guide you when you do not know what to do . they be there when it 's dark and you be scared or lonely , and they be never , ever too busy to talk to you ... winnie stop , suddenly sad . egg you have a father ! egg stand , bounce excitedly . egg ( cont 'd ) we can tell he I be the trubshaw baby ... and the boxtroll do not eat I . and he will stop snatcher ! winnie ( embarrassed ) well , he do not really listen to child . egg he 's a father , be not he ? winnie you do not know what he 's like . egg but he 's the only father we have . egg grab winnie by the shoulder . he release she when she shy away . egg ( cont 'd ) please help we . winnie sigh . she stand to meet egg , eyeing he . 72 . winnie if I agree to help , you have to do exactly as I say . egg I promise ! winnie all right , first thing 's first ... off with the box . egg gulp . ( 1600 owb ) off with the BOX int boxtroll cavern - dressing area - night a wide - eye Fish stand hold egg ' empty BOX . around he other boxtroll stare horrify at a boxless egg . boxtrolls ( terrified ) aaaaaaaah ! egg scream along with the boxtroll , hold he chest . winnie point , reprimand the howling crowd . winnie ( sternly ) stop that ! the boxtroll instantly shut up - more afraid of winnie than a boxless boxtroll . winnie ( cont 'd ) ( to boxtrolls ) alright , you petty thief . bring I you loot ! the watch boxtroll look excited -- ` that 's easy ' ! they race off in different direction .. quicker cut - winnie tear a large piece of blue fabric in half . - specs offer she a arm-load of pewter cup . winnie ( cont 'd ) oh , thanks . - shoe offer winnie he old alarm clock . 73. winnie ( cont 'd ) no . - winnie thread a needle . - specs offer winnie a pair of lamp , she take the shade . winnie ( cont 'd ) this might work . - shoe offer winnie a saw . winnie ( cont 'd ) no . shoe growl and walk off . - bucket offer winnie a jar of button . winnie ( cont 'd ) oh yes ! - winnie hold up the jar and select a button . - shoe offer winnie a toilet plunger . winnie ( cont 'd ) no ! shoe angrily toss the plunger aside and storm off . - fragile offer winnie a pair of shoe . she excitedly swipe they from he hand . winnie ( cont 'd ) yes ! fragile be frighten and hide , whimper . reveal egg in the break mirror dress in a surprisingly fashionable suit make of trash . he look like the Little Lord fauntleroy of the junk yard . winnie ( cont 'd ) you look like a proper boy . the boxtroll look like proud parent . they nod and grumble in approval . egg look at he warpe reflection in a old , break mirror . he look stunne by he own transformation . 74 . egg ( to himself ) I ... a proper boy . egg smile sweetly , stand tall . winnie how do we get out of this place ? CUT to : int . cavern - pneumatic tube a moment later : specs turn a anchor attach to the wall . winnie stand underneath the crack bell , the mouth of the pneumatic tube , confuse . fwoomp ! a shocked winnie get suck up a pneumatic tube while egg watch , bemuse . winnie ahhhhhhhh ! ( 1700 pty ) party ext . market square - night egg and winnie ( woozy , she hair frazzle from the tube ride ) crawl out of a manhole . winnie come on , egg . they climb the Guild stair together . winnie pat down she hair as egg lope past she like a nervous boxtroll . he wipe he nose with the back of he hand , wipe it on he pants , adjust he disguise as he reach for the door handle . winnie ( cont 'd ) ( shriek ) stop ! egg stop , eye wide . winnie push he away from the door . they stop in front of the tall guild door . sound of party guest can be hear . winnie turn to egg . winnie ( cont 'd ) you do not scratch there in public ! that 's why they be call ... ( whispered ) ... private . 75 . winnie look around to make sure nobody see that . egg ( whispered ) okay . winnie for this be to work , there be a few thing you need to know . when you meet someone , you must look they in the eye and shake hand . egg open he eyeballs stupidly wide and wiggle he hand in the air like a lunatic . winnie ( cont 'd ) what be you do ?! put that down ! she pull he hand down . winnie ( cont 'd ) like this . egg put he leave hand out . she slap it away . winnie ( cont 'd ) the other one . egg oh , right . she shove he hand into hers -- a proper shake . winnie then you say , ( snobbish ) " it 's a pleasure to meet you . " egg ( impersonating winnie be snobbish voice ) " it 's a pleasure to meet you . " winnie and you say that even if you be not pleased to meet they . egg look confuse , but nod yes anyway . a look of doubt come over winnie 's face . winnie ( cont 'd ) ( sigh ) just stick close , okay ? 76 . she open the huge door and the elegant sound of chamber music and civilized conversation pour out . int . cheese guild - entrance hall - night on the guild door : as a butler hold a enormous cheese tray out for party guest . Lady Cynthia pierce cheese with she fork and the tray whirl away . lady cynthia ( o.s. ) be that all that be leave of the new roquefort ? ( trail off ) winnie enter and egg follow she , stand tall and straight like a stiff little wooden soldier . egg stare around , curious . egg which one be you father ? winnie ( sarcastic ) Lord portley - rind . he 's usually make speech about cheese . they search the crowd for Lord portley - rind . lady cynthia ( o.s. ) oh , winifre ! winnie stop , force a smile . egg duck down and cover he head . winnie hello , mommy dear . winnie 's mother , lady cynthia - a high strung , slender stick of a woman - appear . lady cynthia ( notice egg ) oh . who be this ? egg peek out from under he hand and look up , timidly . egg I be egg ? winnie ( interrupting ) -- bert. eggsbert . be a normal name ... that he have . 77 . Lady Cynthia look flustered , but try to keep up appearance . lady cynthia eggsbert . how nice , I ... umm , adore name from the bible . Lady Cynthia reach for winnie 's hand , but egg suddenly grab and shake it vigorously . egg its a pleasure to meet you . winnie wince . Lady Cynthia be flustered as egg continue to wiggle she arm about . winnie whisper to egg . winnie no , no . you kiss a lady 's hand . ( winnie make kiss sound on the back of she hand ) egg release Lady Cynthia . she gasp and straighten , take winnie 's hand . lady cynthia ( flustered ) darling , it 's time to take off that dress and ... burn it . Lady Cynthia drag winnie away . winnie ( calling back ) do not move . I will be right back . egg but which one be the lady ?! egg look around , find himself amongst formally dress aristocrat . he try to slink away but bump into a couple . lady broderick oh ! sir broderick ahem ! the couple turn around to stare incredulously at egg . he stare at they , agape , then remember what winnie teach he . he stand very straight and stick he hand out to Sir broderick . 78 . egg ( snobbish ) it 's a pleasure to meet you . Sir broderick smile and shake he hand . sir broderick very good . egg even if I do not mean it ! sir broderick ( insult ) what ? well , I never ! Sir broderick try to lead he wife away , but egg grab she hand and kiss it ! egg and , it 's a pleasure to meet you . ( kiss sound ) two kiss later with no effect , egg lick Lady broderick 's hand . lady broderick nooo ! she be disgust and shake her hand in the air to get the lick off . she walk off wail . egg I be right ! egg misunderstand she hand shake as " shaking hand " - he bulge out he eye and wave hand in the air exactly like winnie tell he not to . Sir broderick hustle he wife away . egg saunter off , shaking he hand at everyone . egg ( cont 'd ) it 's a pleasure to meet you ... it 's a pleasure to meet you ... it 's a pleasure to meet youuuuu ! oooooh ! egg be distract as a ladybug buzze in . it land on a flower arrangement in the middle of a table full of cheese . egg grab the bug and be about to put it in he mouth , when : sir langsdale ( o.s. ) [ grunt !] 79 . egg turn to see Sir langsdale put a olive on a stack of cheese and cracker . langsdale shove the stack into he mouth , smack with approval . egg place the ladybug on a cracker stacked with cheese , and then eat it . Sir langsdale see he eat the bug and be appal . sir langsdale ( cont 'd ) hmm ? well I could just ... Sir langsdale storm off . egg do not notice . he go down the table , shoveling various cheese into he mouth . egg ( mouth full ) yum. mmmthatsgood . boulanger ( o.s. ) ( clear throat loudly ) egg look up and see two aristocrat lady and boulanger use fork to nibble politely . female aristocrat a ( o.s. ) eww . a lady aristocrat pointedly tap she plate with the fork , signal to egg . egg ( mouth full ) huh ? oh ! blarrg ! he spit the chew cheese back on to a plate , grab a fork , and gingerly nibble at the regurgitate food . the ladybug rest on top then fly away . he shovel a forkful into he mouth . thud . lady faint . egg watch they nonchalantly while smacking he mouthful of cheese . butler ( o.s. ) lady and gentlemen ... Lord portley -rind ! he put down the plate and fork quickly as Lord portley - rind appear . egg join the crowd that have gather around the cheese Guild staircase as portley - rind orate . 80 . lord portley-rind distinguish member of the cheese guild . we be here to celebrate the successful fund - raise for a new child 's hospital ! but my fellow White hat and I decide the money would be better spend on this . I present : the briehemoth ! he whip a sheet off a giant wheel of cheese . everyone gasp and applaud . egg walk toward the stair . suddenly , he be grab from behind . madame frou frou Zere you be ! Madame frou frou 's crazily paint face loom over he . people nearby turn and stare . he / she suddenly pull egg away . madame frou frou ( cont 'd ) come . such a naughty boy ! we have so much to discuss . ( snatcher' voice ) alone . egg ' eye go wide as he realize who it be . egg you 're snatc -- smack ! Madame frou frou cover he mouth , and hug he close , lifting he off the ground . madame frou frou ( snatcher' voice ) come to snitch on old snatcher do you ? as Madame frou frou carry he away , he wave to people in the crowd as if nothing untoward be happen . sir broderick hello , frou frou ! madame frou frou Nice to see you , too ! he / she shove egg through a curtain into -- 81 . int . cheese guild - coat room - night -- the dark corner of a closet . Madame frou frou advance on egg . madame frou frou /snatcher you really think portley - rind will help a nobody like you ? in this town , you want help , you have get to help yourself ! that 's what a man do ! snatcher adjust he dress . egg you be a liar ! when I tell winnie 's father the truth , he will -- oof ! egg ' try to run out of the closet . snatcher shove he to the floor . madame frou frou /snatcher he will thank I ! because all you little boxtroll friend be go to die - tonight . egg what ?! madame frou frou /snatcher that will make I the most respected man in this town . snatcher talk to himself as he rifle through the coat search for something . madame frou frou / snatcher ( cont 'd ) ( while searching ) they will have no choice but to give I a white hat . snatcher find what he 's look for - a long scarf . madame frou frou / snatcher ( cont 'd ) they will parade I into the taste room on they shoulder ! he wind the end around each fist and snap it tight as he stalk toward egg . madame frou frou / snatcher ( cont 'd ) and I be not go to let that be ruin by some little boxtroll sewer rat . 82. snatcher be about to strangle egg when the curtain be suddenly pull aside and light fill the closet . sir langsdale yoo hoo , Madame frou frou ... you promise you snookum a dance ! madame frou frou /snatcher ( deep snatcher voice ) I do ? ( as frou frou ) I do ! ha ! but of course ! ( 1750 dan ) dance int . cheese guild - entrance hall - night Sir langsdale pull Madame frou frou out of the closet and walk she out on to the dance floor . he goose she . madame frou frou /snatcher oooh ! vatch you hand , monsieur ! sir langsdale ( laugh lasciviously ) on egg , as he slowly exit the closet . he awkwardly adjust he collar as he take in he surroundings . couple be join together in a waltz , fill the entrance hall with activity . egg look up at portley - rind at the top of the stair , then at the impenetrable wall of dancer . he try to walk through the crowd and be nearly trample . there be no way to get to portley - rind without cause a scene . winnie run up , now in a new , clean yellow dress . winnie there you be . egg ( urgent ) we have to get to you father ! winnie you can not just cut through . winnie size up the situation : portley - rind across the room , the dance floor between they . suddenly she face brighten . winnie ( cont 'd ) we will dance ! 83. egg we will what ? winnie grab egg by the shoulder and pull he onto the -- int . cheese guild - entrance hall - continuous -- dance floor , join the swirl line of waltzing couple . winnie like this . one two three ... one two three . winnie continue count the step as she guide egg to the center of the dance . winnie ( cont 'd ) just make a box . egg you make I get out of my box ! winnie with you foot , silly ! egg look down , concentrate very hard . he gradually catch on . winnie ( cont 'd ) that 's it , egg . you be dance ! she laugh . egg let down he guard and join in laugh . for a moment they forget why they be at the party . they spin crazily around the room , look back and forth at each other , until egg look past winnie and see snatcher / frou frou glaring at he . egg snatcher be here . winnie who ? where ? winnie see Madame frou frou waltzing with Sir langsdale . frou frou break from langsdale as partner change , lung toward egg . broderick catch she hand and pull she back into the waltz . sir broderick my turn , Madame . 84 . winnie ( confuse , gasp ) frou frou ? - egg and winnie try waltzing across the floor toward portley - rind , but before they can reach the stair , the dance force they apart . New partner whirl they in opposite direction . egg winnie ! - egg end dance with female aristocrat B , the lady he lick . egg ( cont 'd ) I uh ... - Madame frou frou head for egg again as partner swap but Sir langsdale , she biggest fan , leave Lady Cynthia and grab she . sir broderick ( lascivious laughter ) ah ha ha ha ! - frou frou / snatcher grab Sir broderick by the face and shove he away . she grab Lady Cynthia , pull she close with a hand wrap around she face , dance directly toward egg . lady cynthia ( startle , confuse ) ooh ! winnie uh oh ! ( yell to egg ) egg look out ! - egg turn in time to see frou frou / snatcher racing toward he . he duck under lady ' gowns , crawl across the dance floor . as he pass under each lady , they dress shoot up : lady ( scream ! ) - frou frou / snatcher whip up lady ' dress look for egg , until she / he get slap across the face while peek under a skirt . frou frou / snatcher see egg crawl out from under a dress , toward the stair and Lord portley -rind . - portley - rind stand sniff and caress he giant cheese , oblivious to the chase happen right below he .. 85 . - egg race up the stair on all four , he feral side come through . frou frou / snatcher grab he leg . egg ahhh ! madame frou frou /snatcher ( snarl ) portley - rind turn in time to see egg go totally feral -- lord portley-rind what be go on here ? -- and bite Madame frou frou 's hand ! madame frou frou /snatcher owww ! snatcher shove egg and send he fly right into the giant cheese wheel . the wheel rock off its pedestal , and roll down the stair ! lord portley-rind no no no no noooo ! Lord portley - rind chase after the cheese , try to stop it . everyone stop dance and watch as the cheese wheel roll through the foyer . the butler open the door and it roll out the front door ... ext . market square - night ... down the Guild step ... through the market Square ... down the street ... lower and lower , until it 's out of view . we hear a splash as it reach the river . int . cheese guild - entrance hall - night portley - rind stand freeze in shock at the foot of the stair . lord portley-rind what have you do !? egg begin to speak ... haltingly at first ... but then grow in confidence . egg Lord winnie 's Father ... the crowd and portley - rind all turn and stare at egg . 86 . egg ( cont 'd ) people of the upper world -- Archibald snatcher have lie to you all ! frou frou / snatcher look at the crowd and gulp ! egg ( cont 'd ) he tell you that boxtroll be monster -- that they steal child -- but they do not . they would never hurt anyone . I know because ... egg look to winnie . she nod , encourage he . egg ( cont 'd ) because ... I be the trubshaw baby ! a long beat . close on lord portley-rind as he seem to be think intensely ... lord portley-rind do you know how expensive that cheese be ? egg what ?! lord portley-rind ( flippant ) we might as well have build a child 's hospital ! winnie do you hear a word he say ?! lord portley-rind ( dismissive , to winnie ) not now . winnie but father -- lord portley-rind ( point to White hat ) have you any idea how long it will take my man to fish it out of the river ?! the White hat look worried . boulanger roll forward in he wheelchair and adjust he hearing horn . 87 . langsdale ahh . what ? boulanger eww ... the river ? egg move down the stair . egg if you will not listen to I , ask snatcher himself . egg pull off snatcher' wig . a long beat , as snatcher look catch . crowd ( SHOCK ) gasp !/ oh my ! madame frou frou /snatcher ( whimper ) you have I . I be not a true red head . lady cynthia ( sympathy for frou frou ) poor woman . sir langsdale ( sympathy for frou frou ) for shame . now the crowd turn angry . crowd men how rude ! / the lad 's fuddle ! / a outrage ! / the very think ! ( more ) I see he bite a bug on a cracker ! / he must hate cheese ! / he 's a mad man ! / I believe she 's wear a lamp shade as a sleeve ! crowd lady nasty boy ! / oh , he 's awful ! ( more ) that 's the one who crawle under my dress ! / I know he be up to no good the second he goose I . / my husband be angry so I be too ! portley - rind angrily climb the stair to egg . lord portley-rind you insult we guest of honor ? 88. he grab the wig away from egg . lord portley-rind ( cont 'd ) who be you ?! egg ( sheepish ) a proper boy . winnie he be with I father . lord portley-rind you know this ... creature ? winnie he 's my friend . what he say be true -- lord portley-rind enough ! winnie but ... lord portley-rind winifre ! winnie give in and bow she head . egg be stunne and hurt . portley - rind turn on he . lord portley-rind ( cont 'd ) ( to egg ) I do not want to see you again , do you hear I ? egg but he 's not a ... lord portley-rind leave my house . now ! egg walk slowly down the stair . as he pass , frou frou / snatcher smile a evil grin . egg glare at snatcher and walk past winnie without even look at she . she look heartbroken . the crowd shuffles away from egg as he walk out the door . the butler wordlessly shut it behind he . the music begin again and the crowd go back to chat . portley - rind hand the wig back to Madame frou frou and lead she down the stair . 89 . snatcher Zee party be so confusing . no ? lord portley-rind there , there . you poor , poor dear . winnie watch Lord portley - rind pass . CUT to : ( 1800 bke ) broken egg ext . market square - night close on a manhole cover . egg be open the cover in the center of the square . they meet at the very spot they first see each other . winnie egg , wait ! egg ( bitter ) you say father be suppose to help . that they take care of kid . winnie ( sigh ) well , they be suppose to . egg people be just mean and selfish . they be monster . egg climb down into the manhole . winnie not all of we . you be not . egg stop climb . egg well , I do not want to be a boy anymore . egg start down again . without look up at she , he extend a hand . egg ( cont 'd ) it be a pleasure meeting you . winnie egg ... 90 . egg and , winnie , I really do mean it . winnie sadly watch egg climb down into the dark . ( 1900 hmr ) home ruined int . boxtroll cavern - day Fish be wait with the remain boxtroll as egg spit out of the chute , back into the cavern . boxtrolls egg ! they gather around and drum there box , excited . egg look at the crowd , frown . egg we have to leave the cavern . the boxtroll stop drum . egg ( cont 'd ) ( sternly ) we be not safe down here anymore . come on ... egg push through the boxtroll head for the pneumatic tube . shoe egg ? Fish follow he , pull the egg box out of he front flap and hold it out . the other boxtroll do not move . egg turn back toward they . egg ( angry ) I say , we have to leave now ! the boxtroll shake they head and gurgle nervously . some shrink away from he as he shout . egg ( cont 'd ) ( frustrate ) snatcher be plan something ! we have to get out of here . knicker simper , rub he hand together and pull he box up higher . 91 . egg ( cont 'd ) come on let 's go . now ! the boxtroll hide in they box like scared little kid pull sheet over they head during a thunder storm . egg ( cont 'd ) ( angry frustration ) get up ! no! no ! ( shaking knicker out of he BOX ) do not do not just hide ! ( try to shake ink loose ) what be you do ?! egg look around for Fish . egg ( cont 'd ) ( pleading ) Fish , help I . Fish quickly unfold egg ' box and offer it to he , smile . egg smack the box out of Fish 's hand ! egg ( cont 'd ) no ! I be not a boxtroll ! Fish shrink away and hide in he box as egg come closer , shaking and whimper . egg ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I ... I do not mean it . please come out . Fish . suddenly , the whole cavern rumble ... dust and pebble drop from the ceiling and bounce on Fish 's box . egg stare at the ceiling . egg ( cont 'd ) ( scare ) he 's here . the boxtroll look up , confuse . the cavern rumble and shake . light go out one by one ... the giant chandelier flicker , goe out and drop to the cavern floor . smash ! int . boxtroll cavern - day to night a hole open in the cavern roof . spin blade of a digging machine pierce the ceiling . large chunks of rock crash down , as the enormous mecha BOX drill drop into the cavern ! 92 . boulder and dust rain down . through the murk , egg see a huge metal box cover in bit of scrap metal , with gap revealing a interior of huge gear and cable all spin and twist like the gut of a giant watch . the whole machine have a ad hoc , make - from- assort - scrap - and - junk feel that be unique to a boxtroll creation . on egg as he eye go wide . two big spot light blast on like eye , and the mecha box drill rise up on three leg . as it rise , it tear walkway and light from the cavern wall . boxtrolls ahhhhhhhh !!!!! as it turn , it rip the intricate boxtroll clock from its stalagmite and send it crash down . the mecha box look like a monstrous , giant mechanical boxtroll . the mecha box 's spotlight " eye " cut through the dust and darkness , catch each flee boxtroll , make they instinctively stop running and hide in they box ! snatcher 's head appear out of the top . he still have he Madame frou frou white pancake makeup on , with a slash of crimson lipstick , make he look crazier than ever . snatcher how 's that for a entrance ! trout , pickle and gristle emerge from beneath the machine . mr. pickle ( cheering ) dramatical ! mr. trout do not you mean " dramatic " ? Mr. gristle laugh insanely . snatcher hit a lever and a large mechanical arm unfold from the drill . snatcher laugh heartily as he play with he new toy , open and close the claw at the arm 's end . he swing the claw at stalactite , send they crash to the ground . egg ahh ! egg shove boxtroll out of the way as the rock fall to the cavern floor . 93. some jump out of the way and snatcher swing again , send the claw arm into egg ' nook , smash the music machine . egg drag boxtroll towards the pneumatic tube -- but they stay in they box refuse to move . egg ( cont 'd ) get up ! that thing will kill you ! snatcher my , my , what a surprise . do not look like you little friend wanna run , do it ? ( then ) how strange , how peculiar . no , wait , it 's exactly as I expect ! egg stack a group of boxtroll under the tube , all of they still tuck into they box , and plead . egg you have to get up . please ! snatcher never gonna happen , trubshaw ! egg turn the anchor switch and the box start to rise into the tube . the mecha box 's claw arm grab the tube and rip it out of the machine . cocoa fall ! there 's no way out . egg jump out of the way as the mecha claw arm drop the tube overhead . he rights himself and gasp up at snatcher in at the mecha drill control . snatcher ( cont 'd ) time to earn my white hat ! snatcher pull another lever and release the vacuum arm . it slither toward a group of boxtroll . egg whimper as snatcher hit the lever 's button to begin the suction . the boxtroll in front of egg get suck up by the mecha box 's vacuum arm . he try to hold on a boxtroll mid-suction but it be rip away . egg no ! the mecha box 's vacuum arm turn on other boxtroll . sweet and knicker grab hold of boulder . knicker nearly lose he / she bottom box as he / she be hoover up . sweet ' tooth be suck out of he mouth , then he be suck up . 94 . a panicked egg look around , eye wide . egg ( cont 'd ) Fish ! shoe ! egg grab Fish and shoe by they arm , where they try to hold themselves together . he try to run with they in tow . gristle club shoe toward the vacuum arm with he cricket bat , where he be suck up . egg and Fish huddle together as snatcher ride up , headlight blaring . egg have to shield he eye from the blind light . egg pick Fish up , wrapping he arm around the box as best he can . egg ( cont 'd ) no ! please ! snatcher give up , trubshaw ! boxtroll lose looooo time ago . this miserable pest will never be a match for a man with dream ! ( then ) mr. gristle ! egg hold Fish tightly and try to run but gristle fire he bolas gun after he . it wrap around they and they fall to the ground . egg land hard and hit he head , knock he unconscious . Fish peek out of he box , fretting . fish egg ? egg ? snatcher flip lever and switch , grind gear and send flame out of the drill 's furnace grill as the machine stand . he point to egg . snatcher acquire they ! as snatcher stomp away , the redhat step in and pull Fish out of the bolas rope . Fish 's head come out of he box and scream . fish ( snarl ferociously ) he hiss and bare he teeth at the redhat ! pickle and trout jump back ! gristle knock Fish unconscious with the butt of he rifle . trout and pickle recoil . 95 . mr. pickle never see one do that before ! mr. gristle that boxtroll be mad ! gristle walk back toward the mecha box , laugh . pickle look shocked at Fish 's flaccid body . trout pick up the limp egg and sling he over he shoulder . mr. pickle goodness always triumph over evil ... right Mr. trout ? ( trout walk away ) Mr. trout ? pickle pick up Fish and follow trout . mr. pickle ( cont 'd ) ( convincing himself ) I be still sixty to seventy percent certain that 's we . a couple of good guy vanquish evil and all that . on egg in the mecha drill 's cage . he lie pass out atop a pile of boxtroll . as the mecha box climb back up the hole , it push a huge stalagmite over and the rest of the cavern collapse down around it . inside the mecha BOX cage , egg ' semi conscious Pov : he look at the home he once know , now destroy . his eye close . fade to black . ( 2000 ccb ) crushed cardboard int . snatcher' factory basement - night egg wake to find himself back in he box and in a hang cage . a figure swing back and forth in the foreground , whisper . prisoner ( o.s. ) ( whispered ) jelly . jelly ! egg ( groggily ) what the ...? egg start and look up through cage bar - a strange man hang upside down by a pair of iron boot . 96 . his bright , crazy eye peek out from a tangle mass of scraggly beard and long hair . this prisoner stare intently at egg . prisoner when I be good I get jelly . I like jelly . jelly ! egg ( whisper ) who be you ? prisoner who be I ? who be you ? egg ( confuse , defeat ) I do not know . egg turn away . long beat prisoner Boy ? or boxtroll ? egg do not answer . prisoner ( cont 'd ) dress like a boxtroll , but , uh ... look like a boy . ( giggle ) a boy-troll ? yes , or a box - boy ? ( excite ) a new species . never see before . egg look toward the sound of footstep . snatcher ( o.s. ) ( hum ... then in normal voice ) ohhh ... nooo boxtroll ! egg watch as snatcher come down a dark stairway and walk up toward the prisoner . snatcher ( cont 'd ) ( singing ) trubshaw senior love he kid , same as regular faaaather do .... snatcher smack the prisoner and tug on he beard . egg ' eye dart back and forth between snatcher and he long lose father , herbert trubshaw . 97 . egg ( to the prisoner ) he 's my , you be my ... be you my father ? herbert jelly ! Herbert chuckle in a unhinge kind of way . egg ' face fall . snatcher he be once . wo not get much out of he now , though . a decade hang upside down scramble he noodle good . snatcher spin prisoner Herbert around . snatcher ( cont 'd ) ( re : mecha box ) still , do a fine job design this beauty . best inventor in town , you dad . work with the best little builder . snatcher spin egg ' cage so he can see the redhat stack the boxtroll into a pile , underneath a menace - look box crusher . Fish and shoe poke they eye out above they box , then immediately dart back inside , scared . egg no , no no , do not hide . Fish ! shoe ! run ! get up , get up and run ! sparky . sweet , run ! snatcher yell all you want , boy . they be not gonna run . you can not change nature . egg pants and lower he head , defeat . more and more boxtroll be place on top of each other . the whole pile shiver in fear . snatcher ( cont 'd ) ( call down ) I be come down , man ! I want to pull the crush lever myself ! ( wistful , to egg ) it 's the little moment . 98 . snatcher head down . Herbert chuckle again . egg slowly look at he . herbert yes . I see it now ! a mutation of nature . self-impose metamorphosis . ( then ) boxboy ! you do it ! egg I do not understand . herbert you change you nature . tell they . Herbert gesture toward the shiver box pile . he still have crazy eye , but for a moment , he stare right at egg . maybe he 's lucid after all . egg can not tell . egg I try . they will not listen . egg turn away from Herbert and bow he head . snatcher flip a lever , start the machine . egg start , hold on to the bar as he stare intently . herbert you do it . you make you . tell they . tell they . tell they ! egg watch as the gear continue to turn and the crusher to rise . the pile of boxtroll shiver with fear . herbert ( cont 'd ) boxboy ! boxboy ! ( then ) my son . egg look up and turn to Herbert . egg Father ? despite be upside down and cover with hair , Herbert look almost sane . herbert Son ! they can change . they can do it ! tell they . beat . egg look from Herbert 's face to the still shiver boxtroll . 99 . egg Fish , Fish , everyone ! listen ! I be a boxtroll and I stop hide , so you can too ! stand up for yourselves ! we can fight back ! do not be afraid anymore . sparky ! fragile ! get up ! get up and fight ! the box pile stop shiver and settles . be they listen ? egg swing he cage around and he plead . egg ( cont 'd ) just stand up and take a step . please ! do it for I ! a beat . then ... snatcher well , good speech . snatcher pull a lever , and -- smash ! the box crusher flatten the entire pile of boxtroll . egg no ! no! no! noooooo ! ( crying ) Fish , shoe , sparky ... Herbert be smile and mumble the same thing over and over . herbert look what you do . look what you do ! ( laugh ) egg ( tearful ) yeah . yeah look what I do . they be crush . snatcher appear , come up the stair . egg look up at snatcher in horror . mr. trout ( regretfully ) hey , boss , you monster be all load . snatcher ( stare right at egg ) all but one . 100 . egg look up , terrify . CUT to : ( 2100 sas ) snatcher' ascension ext . cheesebridge - world view - just before dawn the wide view of rooftop and chimney in golden morning light be marre by the smoke of a coal furnace . the mecha box drill make its way slowly up the hillside town . ext . cheesebridge street - continuous snatcher 's amplify voice boom out of a scratchy loudspeaker and through the sleepy morning street , rouse the townsfolk . light appear in window . snatcher ( o.s. ) hear ye ! hear ye ! good citizen of cheesebridge , come out of you home ! the curfew have be lift ! quick shot of townspeople , the reverse of the open scene of the movie : - a man open he peep-hole and look around . - another open he door and look up as a shadow pass over he house . - a mother swing she door open and a little boy rush outside to see : snatcher riding atop the giant mecha drill as it lumber up the wind street towards market Square . trout and pickle follow behind , with Mr. gristle riding the back of the mecha drill . townsfolk boy whoah ! what be it ? female townsfolk 1 it 's snatcher ! snatcher fear not , the monster have be vanquish ! you street be safe ! mr. gristle ( very menacing ) saaafe ! trout and pickle walk along behind the machine , amongst the gather crowd , worried . 101 . the townspeople smile in relief and wonder , and step out of they door . male townsfolk ( ? ) the curfew be over ? mr. trout yeah ... female townsfolk 1 that 's incredible . they begin to follow after the mecha drill . snatcher join I ! you purger of pest ! you white knight who have take back the night ! as snatcher continue he ascension , all kind of townspeople , woman , child , rush to join the parade . the mecha drill 's heavy iron leg smash into the cobblestone as it walk up the hill . ext . market square - cheese guild - dawn the crowd arrive at the stair of the guild with the mecha box . snatcher beam with pride as he call out through the whiney loudspeaker . snatcher Lord portley -riiiiind ! the door crack open and Lord portley - rind look out . snatcher ( cont 'd ) I come bear the most delightful news . he blink in amazement at the scene before he - snatcher atop a giant machine , a huge expectant crowd around he . lord portley-rind Mr. snatcher , what the devil be this ? snatcher ( triumphant chuckle ) show he lad . the redhat release the crush box from the cage so they fan out dramatically at the foot of the stair . 102 . snatcher ( cont 'd ) flattened to extinction . every last , slimy one of they . the crowd applaud . up at she balcony , winnie hear the noise and come out to investigate . winnie ( gasp ) snatcher you lordship , I say I would not rest until I catch every last boxtroll and I be a man of my word . he hit a switch and the mechanical arm swing around to present egg , wear the evil- boxtroll costume Mr. gristle wear in the Madame frou frou show . the mask cover egg ' face and he hand be bound behind he box . his foot and hand be cover with grotesque claw . snatcher ( cont 'd ) with this boxtroll , I will end they reign of terror . up on she balcony , winnie stare at the monster . close on the egg logo on its box . winnie egg ! snatcher ( to crowd , arm wide ) I would say that deserve a white hat , do not you ? the crowd cheer . shopkeeper woman a a white hat for Mr. snatcher ! male townsfolk ( o.s. ) we hero ! / be-hatify the man ! Lord portley - rind step nervously forward . lord portley-rind yes , well . I be not sure ... we would have to take a vote ... the crowd begin chant loudly . 103 . crowd ( in unison , chant ) white hat ! white hat ! white hat ! the redhat stand with the crowd , gristle chant along with they . pickle and trout look uncomfortable . lord portley-rind there 's probably some , uh , paperwork ... then have a hat ship in ... snatcher move the machine forward , dangle the " boxtroll " out front , dare portley - rind to deny the mob . snatcher no. methink a deed of this magnitude deserve something a bit more ... significant . portley - rind stare up at he blankly . snatcher ( cont 'd ) I want you hat . lord portley-rind my hat ? snatcher look appealingly back at the crowd , who be good and rile up . crowd ( in unison , chant ) white hat ! white hat ! white hat ! shopkeeper woman a white hat ! white hat ! boy white hat ! white hat ! the crowd move forward , press closer to the cheese Guild stair . they continue call for Lord portley - rind 's hat . mr. gristle chanting ! chanting ! chanting ! male townsfolk white hat ! white hat ! white hat ! Lord portley - rind gesture to the crowd to calm down . 104 . lord portley-rind ( through gritt tooth ) all right . all right . as soon as that boxtroll be dead , you may have ... my ... hat . Lord portley - rind cast down he eye , beat . ( 2150 scr ) snatcher' coronation ext market square - dawn snatcher hit a button and the mecha box be lower to the ground . lord portley-rind yes . and then we can eat cheese together . ( excite ) in the tasting room . snatcher laugh and climb down from the mecha drill . gristle have remove he hat and take a knee , snatcher use he head as a step stool . mr. gristle haha , foot ! he hand a remote control to trout , who be huddle nervously with pickle . gristle stand and return he hat to he head , grin . snatcher do the honors . snatcher stride off towards portley -rind . mr. pickle ( whisper to trout ) I think this be all gonna be a show , like with frou frou . ( pull out fake mustache ) I bring my mustache and everything . mr. trout this really do stretch the limit of the term " hero " , do not it ? gristle glare at they . he growls , threateningly . mr. gristle hat ! ( clear throat loudly ) 105 . pickle quickly put on he mustache and trout press the button to raise the mecha box . egg in he monster disguise swing on the chain . snatcher step in front of portley - rind . he remove he red hat . snatcher ( calling out ) musician , drum-roll ! on the one man Band , who excitedly strike up a drum roll . snatcher toss he red hat away . snatcher ( cont 'd ) Mr. trout ! lower the beast down . trout reluctantly maneuver egg over the furnace 's mouth . egg struggle to free himself . he press a button and the furnace door OPEN wide and white - hot flame pour out of the coal fire . close on egg as he eye widen , flame reflect in they . he struggle . snatcher take a knee , and present he head . portley -rind reluctantly remove he hat , breathe hard . lord portley-rind repeat after I : with this hat , I , state you name ... snatcher with this hat , I , Archibald penelope snatcher ... trout begin to lower egg into the furnace . he and pickle be sweat , intensely reluctant to kill the boy . portley - rind slowly begin to lower the white hat onto snatcher 's head . lord portley-rind with profound esteem for dairy and dairy product ... proudly swear to uphold the dignity of the White hat . the hat creep lower as portley - rind match the last boxtroll 's progress toward the flame . snatcher ( repeat after portley - rind ) ( more ) 106 . snatcher ( cont 'd ) proudly swear to uphold the dignity of the White hat . suddenly , winnie burst out the front door and see egg move closer and closer to death . winnie Father ! Father ! lord portley-rind not now , winifre ! exasperate , winnie run to pickle and trout . winnie stop ! stop ! lord portley-rind ( o.s. ) and henceforth , whereupon and thereupon ... the place of this hat ... we shall conclude by ... ushere we newest member into a world of privilege , pride , and pasteurize dairy ! mr. trout I can not , miss . apology . mr. pickle we be just do we job . winnie you job ? be you pest exterminator or evil henchmen ?! mr. pickle ( long , hurt gasp ) I know that 's how people see we . on egg , mumble against he mouth gag . winnie you do not have to do this ! mr. trout she have a point , Mr. pickle . this could be we chance for redemption . mr. pickle a second chapter ! mr. trout people love a flaw hero ! 107 . the feet of egg ' boxtroll costume be lick by flame as he creep closer to the furnace . winnie ( hurriedly ) sure , yes , whatever ! just let he go ! pickle and trout stare at each other , unsure of what to do . on snatcher and the white hat hover so tantalizingly close to he head . on egg as he shut he lid tightly against the coal fire . on the one man Band , who be look a little tired and sweaty from a really long drum-roll . back to trout and pickle , who smile at each other . mr. trout yeah ? ( at Mr. pickle ' nod ) yeah . trout stop the machine and the mechanical arm reverse it 's direction , move egg away from the fire . egg ( behind the gag ) huh ? snatcher growl as Lord portley - rind swiftly pull he white hat away . on the one man Band as he finally stop he drum-roll , and collapse exhaust . trout and pickle turn to winnie . mr. pickle redeemed ! mr. trout ( to winnie ) thank you , miss . gristle lunge in , seize the controller . mr. gristle ha ha ! 108 . winnie ( protest ) stop it ! winnie try to take the controller from gristle , but he snap he tooth at she menacingly . gristle turn the mecha drill arm back on ! egg resume he descent . Mr. trout pull winnie out of the way . mr. trout watch yourself . the tip of egg ' boxtroll - suite foot be lick by the flame , and he pull they up out of the way . gristle laugh heartily at egg ' precarious situation . mr. gristle ha ha haaaaa ! in the quiet hush of the ceremony , suddenly a faint sound can be hear growing louder . herbert ( o.s. ) jelly ! jelly ! jelly ! gristle turn to the sound . mr. gristle hmm ? through the mouth of the boxtroll costume , egg see -- ( 2200 tnt ) the naked truth -- snatcher 's vehicle come shoot into the square ! it be cover in boxtroll . herbert I like jelly ! Fish be stack on shoe in the driver 's seat . Fish steer , shoe work the pedal . Herbert sit in snatcher 's seat , laugh in delight , he hair and beard whipping in the wind . he giggle into the megaphone while the boxtroll holler and cheer . herbert ( cont 'd ) jelly ! ha ha ha ha ! 109 . egg excitedly murmur through he gag . winnie smile . winnie fish ! the truck skid to a stop , spilling naked boxtrolls everywhere ! crowd ( overlapping ) / mr. trout boxtrolls ! / and they be naked ! / aaaaah ! / naked trolls ! / eww ! no wonder they wear box ! on gristle as he 's overrun by naked , angry boxtroll ! mr. gristle ohh ! eww -- naked ! on snatcher and portley -rind : lord portley-rind what be go on here ?! snatcher I ... I be befuddle as you lordship ! I ... I crush they myself ! portley - rind place the white hat back on he own head . lord portley-rind evidently not ! that be the close you will ever come to a White hat . ( then , twirling he mustache ) I hope you enjoy it . Fish grab the mechanical arm remote control from gristle 's hand . he use it to lift egg away from the furnace 's mouth . the naked gaggle of boxtroll carry gristle away and throw he into a barrel label " leech " . Fish release egg from the mechanical arm , send he fly into a cheese tent . he tumble out on to the market square , cover in gouda and swiss . ecstatic boxtroll and winnie swarm he . off come the glove and mask and a relieved egg pop up . winnie hug he ! fish and boxtrolls ( in unison ) egg ! 110 . egg ( to boxtrolls ) you be alive ! you be all alive ! but how ?! I see you crush ! Fish happily gurgle he answer . egg ' face light up with joy , reacting to each gurgle like it 's a revelation . winnie ( interrupting ) ahem ? egg oh ... sorry . he say they be hide and then they hear I yell at they ... flashback to : int . snatcher' factory - flashback - night egg begging the boxtroll to save themselves , but this time we see it from the reverse angle . egg ( o.s. ) ... we can fight back ! do not be afraid anymore . sparky ! fragile ! get up ! get up and fight . stand up ! fight back . please ! do it for I ! what egg could not see be the boxtroll , lead by a naked Fish , squirm out of the back of the boxtroll pile . they be terrify , but they all do it until knicker freeze at the threshold . snatcher ( o.s. ) wow , good speech . Fish have to grab knicker and pull he out just as smash ! the crusher crash down ! we even hear Herbert 's laugh and call out to egg as the naked boxtroll stack together and hide out of sight . herbert boxboy ! look what you do ! back to : ext market square - dawn - continuous Fish and egg hug tightly . 111 . egg you get out of you box ! you do it ! the townspeople peek out of they hide place , confuse . workman a the boy be friend with a boxtroll ?! shopkeeper lady but boxtroll be monster . winnie turn to the townspeople . winnie boxtroll be not monster . they never eat the trubshaw baby , he 's right there with Fish and -- ( gasp ) winnie stare at Herbert , the hairy lunatic stand next to egg . egg smile up at Herbert . egg my father . winnie you father ? herbert ( smile at egg ) look what you do . egg you be right . thank you . herbert ( bowing ) jelly . the townspeople stare at Herbert . shopkeeper lady Herbert trubshaw ? male workman a the inventor ? shopkeeper lady alive ? the crowd murmur angrily . 112 . crowd ( overlapping ) oh get out of here . / snatcher say he be kill . / how can that be ? / how be this possible ? / he lie to we ? shopkeeper B snatcher lie ! lord portley-rind he lie to we and to poor Madame frou frou ! everyone turn toward portley -rind as he look around for snatcher . lord portley-rind ( cont 'd ) snatcher ! but snatcher be go . suddenly the shrill accent of Madame frou frou rise above the crowd . they look up as the mechanical arm of the mecha box drop snatcher into the cockpit . madame frou frou /snatcher ( taunting in frou frou 's voice ) we could have be someze special , but you have break we agreement . lord portley-rind why be he talk like Madame frou - oh my God ! ( bow head ) I regret so much . snatcher pull lever and grind gear again . the crowd gasp and shrink away from he . he turn the mecha box toward portley - rind and use the mechanical arm to reach for the white hat . snatcher ( in snatcher 's voice ) I will take my white hat now . portley - rind duck and weave to avoid the huge , snap claw . lord portley-rind ahhhh ! snatcher get frustrated and smashes the stair ! portley -rind sprint off the stair and out into the square . 113. ( 2350 btl ) battle redux portley - rind sprint off the stair and out into the square as snatcher smashes tent with the claw ! snatcher drive the mecha box , stomping after he and right toward the crowd . lord portley-rind ( cont 'd ) run ! Lord portley - rind run through the square and the mecha box chase he , smashing the tent out of the way with its giant iron fist ! the frighten townspeople scream and run ! aristocrat male a the curfew 's back on ! it's back onnn ! crowd ahhhh ! CUT to egg and the gang as Fish finish put on he box . egg no more hide , right ? fish ( gurgle " right ! " ) Fish nod . egg turn to knicker . egg ( determine ) right ? knicker flash he best `angry face ' and throw down he box , prefer to fight in he frilly underwear ! knicker ( gurgle a war cry ) egg ( to all the boxtroll ) you build that thing ! you can take it apart ! egg charge forward with all the boxtroll ! egg and boxtrolls roawrrr ! 114 . CUT to portley - rind cower behind snatcher 's vehicle , hold he white hat to he head . snatcher stalk by in the background , the mecha box drill send cobble fly . snatcher loooord poortley-riiiind ! ( smashes tent ) come out , come out , come out ! suddenly , the mecha box lurch . snatcher lose he foot . snatcher ( cont 'd ) whoah whoa . snatcher look down and see boxtroll climb up the leg , tear piece off . shoe hiss at he . CUT to shot of hero boxtroll wreak havoc on the machine : - sweet grab a pulley cable on one of the mecha drill leg . sweet ( gurgling swear ) chmeey ! @# $ % &amp ; ! egg ( to sweet ) tear it down ! sweet bite the cable and it snap in half . - sparky and bucket remove piece of the motor and get shocked ! they look a little char as they pull out electrical element and throw they away . - knicker rage , wail on the side of the machine in he frilly underpant . he smashes he paw through a piece of sheet metal , pull out a hose . it release steam as he hold the hose triumphantly over he head . snatcher get you grimy paw off of my machine ! snatcher pull a lever and the furnace roar to life , spew flame from the front grill . the boxtroll near the grill cringe away . snatcher deploy the spin chassis . the box rotate , pick up speed as the boxtroll try to hang on . they grab on to each other when they lose grip on the mecha box . Fish hold on to egg ' ankle . 115 . egg ( shout to Fish ) we need to put out the fire ! Fish nod at he . he be knock by another fly boxtroll into the square . Fish land near winnie ! she scowl and walk off with determination while Fish rub he aching head . CUT to portley - rind still cower . hand grab the white hat off of he head . lord portley-rind ( gasp ) ahh ! boxtroll fly across the square and hit the ground , skid into tent and store front . CUT to snatcher as he spin around in the mecha drill control seat , laugh like a mad man . winnie ( o.s. ) oh mister snatcher ... he spot winnie wave the hat and dancing a wide pirouette . snatcher hit a lever and the spin slow . he woozily try to find she , off kilter from the momentum . winnie ( cont 'd ) ... how do this hat get alllll the waaayyy out here ? snatcher forget about portley - rind and stomp after winnie . snatcher you vile little brat ! winnie run as the mecha drill clamor towards she . winnie ooh ! suddenly pickle and trout run up beside winnie , both hatless . mr. trout ( running ) perhaps we can be of some assistance , miss . winnie hand the hat to pickle and duck out of the chase . he examine the hat while run . 116 . mr. pickle so this be what all the fuss be about ? pickle place the white hat on he head and turn to trout . mr. pickle ( cont 'd ) what do you think , Mr. trout ? a mecha drill leg smashes the cobble beside pickle . he toss the hat to trout . mr. pickle ( cont 'd ) ` ere you have a go . Mr. pickle toss it to Mr. trout , who put it on momentarily . mr. trout I think white quite suit I . trout toss the hat back to pickle , teasing snatcher as a mecha leg miss he . he toss the hat to winnie . CUT to a wider view of market Square as winnie , pickle , and trout play keep away with the white hat , toss it around like a frisbee . snatcher spin the mecha box around , try to grab the hat . winnie over here ! snatcher you ungrateful stooge ! pickle , now hold the hat , taunt snatcher . mr. pickle be this what you want , boss ? pickle toss the hat high . it soar past snatcher 's head . snatcher fail to grasp it , then Lord portley - rind . snatcher mine ! lord portley-rind mine ! suddenly , Herbert leap up and grab the white hat . herbert jelly ! 117 . Herbert laugh as he run around , weaving between the mecha drill leg . portley - rind chase after he . lord portley-rind it 's not funny ! no , no , no ! Herbert give a extra-jaunty laugh and duck away from a mecha leg quickly . portley - rind run smack into it , fall to the ground . CUT to gristle as he climb woozily out of the leech barrel . mr. gristle ohhhh ... back on Herbert as snatcher keep up the chase , hot on he heel . snatcher ( to herbert ) come back , you loony ! Herbert run past gristle and hand he the hat just as snatcher swing the massive mechanical arm . herbert jelly ! mr. gristle huh ? gristle get whacked , send the white hat sailing into the air and gristle sailing across the square . the hat be catch by winnie . snatcher chase she , corner she and be about to crush she with the arm when the gear grind in protestation . CUT to egg , shoe , and oil can on the mecha arm joint . they sneer at snatcher . shoe giggle as he remove a final gear from the arm . the arm hang in the air for a moment then suddenly fall off and clang to the ground with shoe and oil can ! egg whoops ! sparky / boxtrolls ( gurgle yell ! ) egg watch the arm fall , worried about he friend . he do not notice snatcher loom over he . furious , snatcher swing a large wrench at egg ' head . 118. snatcher stop destroy my indestructible machine ! egg barely duck out of the way and fall , catch a hold of the arm joint and scramble up to the front of the box . snatcher keep swinging the wrench again - klang ! - , tracking egg . he smashes the leave headlight of the mecha drill and reel back to swing again when -- egg grab onto a lever , pull it hard , and the mecha box tilt violently back , send snatcher tumble to the edge . smoke start come out of the furnace . snatcher ( cont 'd ) ahhhhhhh !!!! egg press the red button and the vacuum arm swing down like a giant accordion . egg Fish , grab hold ! on cue , Fish and shoe scream direction . a group of boxtroll run up to the vacuum arm and grab hold . they form a caterpillar conga-line to stretch it toward the CENTER of the square . fish ( gurgle " pull ! " ) shoe pull the manhole cover away from the hole . on egg as he look out over the square . snatcher loom in the furnace smoke . egg that 's right ! pull it over there ! suddenly , snatcher appear behind he . snatcher you filthy monster ! egg ahhhh ! snatcher grab egg by the shoulder and force he down over the edge of the mecha drill control booth . on the boxtrolls as Fish grab the mouth of the vacuum and jump down into the sewer , dangle above the water ! the vacuum can not reach ! 119 . fish ( gurgle ) uh oh . ( gurgle ) it doesn't reach ! winnie it doesn't reach ! pull it harder ! on egg as snatcher grasp he neck , threaten . snatcher ( with effort , strangling egg ) you think you can win and live happily ever after ! they will never accept the like of we ! egg push against snatcher 's chest , try to get free . on winnie , shoe and the other as they strain to pull the vacuum arm closer . trout and pickle have join in . winnie all together ! mr. trout now ! mr. pickle pull ! close on the mecha box 's leg as they be drag toward the manhole , push up cobblestone as they go . with Fish as the tube reach the water . he scramble up the vacuum tube as it crash into the water , hard . meanwhile , snatcher and egg struggle , they hand on each other ' throat . egg I be nothing like you . you be the monster ! snatcher pull he close and growls . snatcher monster ? snatcher growls and rear back with the wrench ! egg reach over and slam down the vacuum on switch ! 120 . snatcher ( cont 'd ) ( surprised ) huh ? fooomp ! Water be suck up in huge gulp that race up the tube ! water hit the red hot furnace ! boom ! a explosion of steam and smoke fill the screen , obscure we view . on the white hat as it sit on the cobblestone . Lord portley - rind pick it up with a chuckle and place it on he head . he twirl he mustache with delight . on the mecha drill as it stand still , steam dissipate around its carcass . the vacuum arm be now just a stump of steel and shred canvas . the boxtroll and townsfolk stare at it through the steam . a long beat of silence be break by shout : white hat ( o.s. ) we've do it !/ huzzah !/ three cheer for US ! Sir langsdale , Sir broderick , and Sir boulanger crest the hill at milk Street , push the giant cheese wheel that roll into the river . sir langsdale we get the cheese . ( they see the devastate square ) Lord ... portley - ... rind ? they stand in the entrance to the destroy square , jaw agape . glass break , a almost blind gristle stumble out , look batter and wear . mr. gristle ugh ! I have lost a lot of blood . gristle look up to see snatcher and egg still cling to the mecha box as it fall toward he ! he spot snatcher and watch as the box get closer ... mr. gristle ( cont 'd ) boss ? timbeeeeer ! the mecha box drill crash on to Mr. gristle and send snatcher and egg fly splat ! into the giant cheese wheel ! smoke , steam , and melted cheese splatter everywhere ! 121. the crowd watch while Fish run to look for egg in the huge mound of cheese . suddenly , egg gasp and break through the cheese . Fish rush to he . fish ( concerned ) egg ? egg ! the townspeople cheer ! crowd yeeeeaaaayyy ! winnie beam and run to join egg and Fish when something suddenly erupt out of the cheese in front of her ! snatcher rawr !!! crowd ( from happy ) yeeeeaaaayyyy ! ( to disgust ) eeeewww ! a giant , swollen hand grab winnie and pull she toward -- snatcher-monster . winnie ( muffled scream ) he 's pull himself out of the cheese and he be not in good shape . think elephant man stung by bee . on trout and pickle . they reel in disgust . mr. pickle ( cowering ) eww ! mr. trout not again . on egg and fish : egg be dumbstruck . Fish gag , cheek full . Lord portley - rind run up to snatcher , plead . lord portley-rind winnifre ! the monster snatch winnie up under he misshapen arm and stagger out of the mound of cheese . 122. snatcher ( to snatcher ) gif . I . my. hat . portley - rind twist he hand . lord portley-rind well ... what about broderick 's hat ? it 's just as white and fluffy . on winnie as she squeal in protestation from behind snatcher 's monstrous , swollen hand . lord portley-rind ( cont 'd ) oh take it . portley - rind remove he hat and hand it to snatcher . lord portley-rind ( cont 'd ) just let go of my daughter . snatcher take the hat with he sausage finger . he pull winnie closer to he . snatcher yeah ! arshball shnasher , yoofine 'ly do it ! close on , snatcher 's beam face . he wave the White hat over he head and do a awful little dance . snatcher ( cont 'd ) now to the tashting room ! ( 2400 ttc ) to the tasting room int . cheese guild - tasting room - day - moment later close on : portley - rind 's hat be hold aloft by one grotesquely swollen hand . snatcher Men , don you White hatsh ... snatcher lower the hat onto the top of he head . reveal snatcher be sit at the tasting room table , still clutching winnie under he swollen arm . she whimper in fear . 123. portley - rind , wear snatcher 's red hat , and egg and Fish , wear pilfere white hat , sit on the other side of the table . Fish 's hat slip down over he eye , too big for he pointy head . a small , ornately cover cheese tray sit in front of Lord portley -rind . egg please , snatcher , let she go . you do not have to do this -- snatcher interrupt egg and slam a meaty fist down on the table ! snatcher ish tashting time ! winnie whimper . portley - rind , egg , and Fish look nervous . awkward silence . Lord portley - rind clear he throat and gesture to the cheese tray . lord portley-rind I present the tastiest cheese know to man . make from the milk of the male , lactating fruit bat in borneo . age for century in secret -- snatcher ( interrupt , angry ) shut up ! enough shtalling . portley - rind lift the lid off the cheese tray , revealing a small greenish portion of powerful look cheese . a waft of stink fill the air and everyone recoil . Fish stab a fork into the cheese . egg push the cheese tray across the table , face draw in disgust . it stop in front of snatcher . he lift the fork in he ham -size swollen fist and remove a curd . he give the cheese a looong sniff . snatcher ( cont 'd ) ( snifffff ) yesh ... rich bouquet , cheesy cheese - like ... ow ! winnie bite he puffy hand , break free of the headlock , and run into the arm of she father . they hug . 124 . lord portley-rind oh , my Winniken ! snatcher stare at she in disbelief . snatcher you bit I ... wif yor ... mouth ?! egg look at winnie . she shrug . snatcher growl , shrug it off , and raise the forkful of cheese to he mouth ... then pause . his stomach gurgle loudly . everyone else recoil , scared . Fish hide in he box . long pause snatcher raise the cheese to he mouth again . egg ( gentle plea ) do not do it . it will not change who you be . his hideous , swollen head turn back to egg and he blink . for a moment he look sad , almost like he want to listen to egg . egg ( cont 'd ) cheese , hat , box - they do not make you . you make you . snatcher look sharply at egg . snatcher I have make I , boy . snatcher look back to the curd , ready . snatcher ( cont 'd ) this be my dessshhtiny . snatcher open he mouth wide . on egg , winnie , fish , lord portley -rind as snatcher slowly place the curd on he tongue . they be terrify . snatcher chew loudly . snatcher swallow . he glance down to he stomach ... egg and Fish flinch , expect something terrible to happen . even portley - rind and winnie cower . a beat . 125 . everything be fine . everyone relax . a feel of relief wash over snatcher . his face brighten . snatcher ( cont 'd ) ( pompous ) mmm , aromatic ?... oaky ?... with a undertone of a mother 's smile on a warm spring -- booooom !!! he explode . ext . wide of cheesebridge - day the top of the Guild explode with a puff . the sound of the explosion be delay slightly because of the distance . a beat as the smoke hang in the air . the graze cow gently moo . ( 2600 pmy ) pleased to meet you ext . market square alley - day we see the clear , blue sky over cheesebridge for a moment before tilting down into market Square . winnie ( o.s. ) there I be , trap in he sweaty armpit ... Madame frou frou 's cabaret cart have be repaint , with a new sign read " winnie " . winnie stand mid-stage orate she horrific tale . winnie ( cont 'd ) ... until he swell like a balloon and .. pop ! -- blam ! a boxtroll burst out of the trapdoor below the stage , release a cloud of confetti that explode everywhere . they perform for a mix crowd of townspeople and boxtroll . winnie ( cont 'd ) ( arm wide ) -- a ocean of gut explode over we like a hurricane of yuck ! 126 . the crowd applaud , townspeople clap they hand and boxtroll drum they box . Lord portley - rind and Lady Cynthia applaud the loudest . lord portley-rind my little angel . my weird little angel . winnie curtsy deeply , head down . egg winnie ! winnie look up and spot egg stand at the edge of the crowd . under he arm he be hold a old record album . winnie huh ? egg ( quietly , to winnie ) where 's Fish ? winnie ( sotto voce , quietly to egg ) uhh. winnie shrug , " I do not know " and start another story . winnie ( cont 'd ) ( to the audience ) and now I will tell the heroic story of the nake boxtroll and the crusher of doooooom ! winnie gesture to the stage curtain , which move to reveal knicker - wear only he knicker - stand beneath a mock cardboard `1 ton ' weight . egg walk away from the stage as boxtroll scramble to get better seat . CUT to : the square be clean up from the battle and there be a few new addition . egg spot oil can , hard at work lubricate the cable for the one man Band 's kick drum . oil can smile and they both move on to reveal : a tent with a sign for sparky scrap shack - a boxtroll appliance repair service - hang from it . 127 . sir langsdale stand next to he toaster as bucket and sparky peer inside it . sir langsdale it have not work right in year ! boulanger speed around the repair tent , make rusty squeak with each wheel rotation . a excited oil can squeal and chase boulanger 's wheelchair . sir langsdale ( cont 'd ) I say I like it burnt , then she say well I do not ! so here I be . suddenly egg appear next to langsdale . egg you guy see Fish ? bucket and sparky grunt " no " and get back to work . they both raise fork and prepare to plunge they into the toaster . egg ( cont 'd ) thanks ! egg walk away as langsdale back up . sir langsdale oh. I ... I do not think that 's a good idea . as egg walk away , a loud bzzzt sound and a bright light go off behind he . CUT to : specs man a control switch at a boxtroll manhole exit . he throw the switch and sweet shoot up out of the manhole , blow by a strong wind . he land just as egg walk up . egg have you see Fish ? specs shrug ` no ' but sweet brighten -- sweet ( toothless mouth ) mushurgle , mushmoogle , mushmushgurgle ... he mumble until he tooth suddenly shoot up out of the manhole . he grab they , jam they in -- 128. sweet ( cont 'd ) nope . sweet walk off . suddenly the sound of a loud honk ! egg look up as . herbert ( o.s. ) ahh , there he be . fish egg ! snatcher 's vehicle appear . Herbert be drive and Fish be riding in snatcher 's old seat . a new logo have be paint over the old silhouette of a rampaging boxtroll . in its place be a kinder silhouette of a boxtroll hold a light bulb , surround by a circle make of three arrow - it 's the prototype of the international sign for recycle . egg hold up the record - a new copy of the quattro sabatino be album from the old music machine . egg look what I find ! Fish gurgle happily as egg hand he the album and climb aboard the vehicle . herbert brilliant , son ! close on : the record be put on the player on top of the vehicle . the record begin to play . Fish sit back in snatcher 's old seat , egg hold on to the side . egg and now we go like this . Fish and egg start rock out , bob they head to the music like they use to . Fish and egg hum to the tune . herbert ahh . I have miss so much . he join they in the head -bob . wide : as the music swell we follow the vehicle as it wind it 's way across the market and away through the arch . 129 . as the music fade away , two familiar silhouettes pause from sweeping up some trash . mr. trout aww , be not that lovely ? trout empty he dust bin into a trash barrel . a loud snuffle can be hear . mr. pickle yeah ... all happy `n tidy . shoe stick he head out of the barrel , cover in dust . shoe ( gurgle angrily ) mr. trout like the end of a story , if we life be a story . shoe climb out of the barrel . he pull Lord portley - rind 's white hat out of the trash . it be filthy and tear . shoe frown at it , tear a frilly ribbon off the top , and toss the rest back in the trash . mr. pickle ( o.s. ) not sure what we would do next , though . shoe look around defensively , grunt quietly , and scamper to the center of market Square . we follow he into the dark as he jump down a open manhole . ( 2700 cred ) end credit ( 2750 unv ) universe ext . market square - day - continuous pickle and trout be still awkwardly stand around , not sure what to do next . mr. pickle hmm . mr. trout just keep the street clean ... mr. pickle free from evil . mr. trout yep . 130 . mr. pickle ya ever think about the universe , Mr. trout ? the camera pull out gradually -- mr. pickle ( cont 'd ) what if we world be just like a tiny speck ... mr. trout a tiny little speck ! mr. pickle and there be giant look down on we ? mr. trout and every time we move ... mr. pickle it 's actually they move we . -- revealing that market Square be a set . pickle and trout stare at each other . a beat . mr. trout seem a bit tedious . pickle blink . mr. pickle like that , just there , I blink . that would have take they a day . the camera keep pull out and light and the stage table can be see . mr. trout I move my arm . five hundred men! mr. pickle I mean , none of they be go home . they be have to do this bit . and now this bit . and this bit . I mean , this should stop . CUT to black . mr. trout ( o.s. ) I think it throw up notion of free will . 131 . mr. pickle ( o.s. ) it 's too much . and then they would have have to have do I talk about the blink . and it never end . I think they make a meal of it , to be honest . I do not know how they get the time . they have get to have other job . it 's more like a hobby . y'know , like stamp collect , something you do in you free time . the end