" the cooler " by Frank Hannah and Wayne Kramer ext . stygian darkness - night stygian darkness the suggestion of travel through space . suddenly a star sparkles to life in the distance . give rise to another ... and another ... until we be look at a whole galaxy of star . no , not star . light . neon light . a throbbing skyline of neon . las vega , nevada . as see from a descend aerial shot . we plunge down into she shimmer embrace ... dissolving to : ext . las vega strip - night cruise the Strip , take in modern day Las Vegas . Sin City go theme park . gigantic behemoth of pulsate neon : the mgm grand ... excalibur ... luxor ... treasure island ... pass revampe faithful like caesar and the desert inn ... ... then head downtown to fremont Street , where " old school " Vegas make its last stand . binion' horseshoe , the four queen , the las vega club arid ... the shangri -la HOTEL and casino one thing 's for sure . this place be not no bastard child of epcott Center . at least , not yet . sure there 's some flash go on , but it 's more class than overkill . this be where the pro 's come to savor a time forget . a joint where every dealer know you name . where part of the allure be the smell of moldy panele and the tactile whisper of wear feel . where " funny business " do not just get you blacklist ... it get you dead . let we enter . int . shangri -la HOTEL and casino - night credit sequence tracking through the casino floor ; highlight slot machine pay - off and pocket of rowdy player win at blackjack , crap and roulette . it 's just one of that night . the table be on fire . a floor manager nod as a hefty bet be pay out to a shooter at a crap table : he check out he watch , anxious for the arrival of ... int . elevator - night from behind a figure in a suit . all we see be a murky reflection in gold elevator door . the floor number descend rapidly ... int . casino floor - night stickmen , croupier , dealer all anticipate the arrival of ... int . elevator - night the elevator door open ... and we pan down to the figure 's foot . he step out onto the casino floor ... and right away we notice he have a pronounce limp . follow behind the figure . we have not see he feature yet ... ( and will not for a while . ) tracking series ? -- the figure ( see in soft focus ) pass a roulette table , the wheel already in mid-spin . his hand casually brushes the side of the table ... and we pan across to the wheel -- just in time to see the ball landing on 00 . the player howl defeat . the croupier rake in all the lose check with a slight nod of respect to the pass wraith ... -- tracking past some blackjack table ... racking from the pass figure ( still in soft focus ) to a dealer call out : dealer insurance ? at the next table , another dealer pull a six card 21 . off the player ' stunne reaction . no way ! one of the player instinctively glance behind he ... but the figure have move on . the dealer stifles a grin , she eye follow the figure as he head toward ... -- a hot crap table . the crowd applaud as the shooter land a hard eight . the dice be fished back to the player . he shake they up with double ought bravado . we rack from he hand large in the f.g. to we murky figure pass in the background . the player throw ... ( we keep tracking with the figure ) as the stickman call it : seven out ! to a thunder chorus of disappointment . -- we figure pass by in the foreground , while in the background , we see a grow line of shame at one of the ATM machine . -- follow behind we figure as he turn into a corridor of slot machine . CUT to reverse angle from the far end of the corridor . as the murky figure approach , a player in the f.g. hit a jackpot . another player in mid-ground be also in the midst of a payout . suddenly -- with the approach of the figure -- both payout trickle to a stop . player in f.g. ( kick the slot machine ) do not you hold back , baby . spit it out , darlin' . c'mon ... hey ! hey , this be not right . s'pose to be eight hundred dollar . where 's the goddamn manager ? who 's in charge of this rip-off slot ? yo , mar 'am ... change lady ... casino bar floor - bar area - night following behind the figure as he turn out of the slot corridor and head over to the bar . he pour himself a cup of coffee . figure / bernie hey doris , you get any cream ? doris the bartender wander over with a small container . she start to pour ... empty . we quickly steadicam around to reveal bernie lootz 's feature for the first time . his sad sack eye register scant surprise at the empty cream container . bernie forget it . he 's just about to leave , when a attractive cocktail waitress cruise up . natalie belisario -- late 20' - mid-30's . everything about she sparkles , except she eye . they be post-mortem . she appear frazzle . sift through some coin tip . natalie ( sotto ) shit. ( to doris ) dewar and a diet Coke . please . a sheepish look come over bernie . he try to catch she eye . she do not even glance at he . bernie hi , Natalie . she look at he . only the faintest hint of recognition . natalie hi. uh ... bernie bernie . natalie yeah , bernie . ( to doris ) hey , you see shelly around ? he promise to position I at the table tonight . I have be on skid row all week . doris ( chilly ) you do not settle I from last night . natalie no ? you sure ? fuck ... and I be way under . it 's be , like , a a.a. convention the whole week . I will make up for it tonight . promise . doris mutter something under she breath -- hear that one before -- and dump Natalie 's drink on she tray . bernie if I see shelly , I will let he know . that you be look for he . Natalie grab up she tray . do not even look at bernie . natalie thanks . she take off . doris bitch . that 's the third time this month ... ( to bernie ) let I get you that cream . bernie ( stare after Natalie ) Nah , it 's okay . doris do not get sweet on that , bernie . not unless you be look to get short - change . she raise the empty cream container for effect , turn it over . a few drop dribble out . int . casino floor - night bernie limp away from the bar . we hear another spike of sound from the game area . as he approach , a floorman stop he . floorman hey , bernie , shelly need you on eleven . bernie ( nod ) uh ... let 's do the chiva regal . have that ... Natalie bring it over . the one work nickel slot next to the paradise . I speak to shelly earlier , he want she at the table . the floorman nod , walk off . bernie make for the rowdy game table . take he time about it . his approach bring a ill-wind to the area . the player appear to sense it . it 's in they reaction . a slight hesitation of the dice . finger tensing over a pile of chip . a hand tug at a tie . the cooler have arrive . as he reach table eleven , Natalie intercept he with a short glass of chiva regal . natalie this be you , right ? bernie ( take it from she ) thanks . natalie Joe say I should stick around . you say something to shelly ? bernie just smile at she . natalie wow . that be fast . hey , thanks . she offer up a smile . it jump -start that dormant eye . her whole face come alive . notches she up from a eight to a ten . bernie immediately glance away . he 's afraid what she might read in he gaze . bernie do not mention it . bernie gesture she over to table eleven . immediately make the high roller in question . a good old boy name bulldog . he 's the one boast loudly as he shake the dice with one hand . bulldog I will make you a fortune on five and nine . c'mon forty - five-sixty - three fifty - four ! bernie grab the drink from Natalie 's tray , intentionally bump bulldog ... bernie hey , buddy , be this you drink ? bulldog back off , pal . I be on a roll here . another man gladly accept the drink . meanwhile , bulldog send the dice high up into the air . they drop perfectly on the table . the stickman call it . stickman Seven out ! bulldog mother-fucker ! stickman thank you for that bet , folk . the croupier hungrily devour the chip from the table . bernie move on quietly before anyone notice . but he 's be notice all right . by Natalie . not quite sure what she 's just witness . who be this guy ? we hear a voice over the intercom . voice ( v.o. ) conway , party of twelve , please check you reservation at the paradise Lounge . bernie react immediately to the code word over the speaker . bernie ( to himself ) yeah , yeah , I be comin ' ... CUT to : int . casino floor crap table - montage - night a -- a player make a hard six at a crap table . the player howl ... B -- from the same angle we pan up from lose dice to the same guy . bernie loom large in the background . int . casino floor - blackjack table - night a -- bernie take a seat at another blackjack table . next to he , a full table of player on a good run of card . B -- the same table with less player as the dealer appear to be gain a edge over the player . the only thing fill up be ashtray . C -- same again , with one player . this time with Natalie watch in the background . intrigue . quick jump cut show the player 's mountain of chip go down until there be only one . D -- the dealer tap the feel for the man to bet he last chip . after a moment of indecision he flip the chip into the air ... bridge CUT to : int . shelly office - overlooking the casino floor - night ... the chip become a alka - seltzer drop into a glass . the glass be in shelly kaplow 's hand . director of casino Operations for the shangri-la . late 40' - early 50' . distinguish , slick , ooze charm . but lose the cartier , armani and paco raban and you be look at pure street . he 's watch bernie through the two - way glass . shake he head in admiration . suddenly the office door swing open . three men stride in . shelly project immediate deference to nicky " finger " bonnatto . mid-50's . former geovassi family underboss from " back east . " the guy 's a relic from the day before mbas become the weapon of choice in the " family " business . he wear he corporate makeover like a bad coat of paint with trace of Mulberry Street primer show through . nicky 's accompany by a pair of corporate type in Hugo boss thread . shelly glance they way with a look that suggest he 's work himself into a full - on sphincter wind - up . bad news x 2 . shelly 's muscle , lou stand off to one side with a apologetic expression . shelly nicky , how the hell be you ? I do not know you be come in ... nicky reach out to shake shelly 's hand . get nothing back , then remember . nicky ( shake he head ) whassimater ? you think I do not wash up after goin ' to the John ? forget about it . nicky grab shelly , embrace he . shelly ( uncomfortably ) you shoulda call ahead . I woulda send a car ... nicky ehh . we think we would surprise you . shelly well , anytime , nicky . anytime . shelly size up the corporate type . nicky shelly , I want you to meet one of we smartest vps , Larry sokolov . and he number guy , marty goldfarb . shelly see where this be go . Larry extend he hand ... larry how do you do , shelly ? ... then catch himself . quickly pull it back . shelly stare he down for a tense beat . shelly what can I get you boy to drink ? off they uncomfortable expression ... int . shelly office - a short while later - night shelly seat across from nicky , Larry and marty . shelly so ... what bring you to town , nicky ? nicky look cautiously across the table . nicky look , shelly , this be you joint , you run it the way you see fit . but we get a smart kid here and he 's get some good idea on how to revitalize the shangri-la . shelly revitalize ? what be you talk about ? we do thirty - five million last year . nicky shoot a look over at Larry and marty . Larry take this as he cue . larry first off , shelly , I want you to know , I have nothing but respect for you . you have do a fantastic job with the shangri-la for the last sixteen year . no one would dispute that . nicky yeah , no one doubt that , shelly . shelly nod carefully . but ... larry but , the business have change out here . you just have to take a look at the Strip to see what I be talk about . shelly you mean , that amusement park mook fest out there ? you know what that be ? that 's a fuck violation of something that use to be beautiful . that use to have class . like a gorgeous high priced hooker with a exclusive clientele . and then that Steve wynn cocksucker knock she up and put she in a family way . nicky and Larry exchange look . marty drop he gaze into he lap . shelly now she 's nothing but a cheap , fat whore hide behind too much makeup . I look at she and see all that ugly stretch mark and I want to cry . ' Cause I remember she as she be . larry yes , well ... there 's no deny the bottom line . that eyesore be rake it in . and we can not compete against that . shelly what ? you think I be try to compete with that ? you think this joint 's about bring in the stroller crowd ? Fresh off some fuck e-ticket ride , look to break the house on red and black . fremont 's never be about that bullshit . this be where old time and real money come to play . larry the number , they do not back you up , shelly . nostalgia 's grand . we all love nostalgia -- but it belong in a museum . I think it 's time to decide whether you be run a museum or a casino . shelly be close to lose it . he catch himself , take a breath . nicky hey , forget about it . we will talk later . over dinner . marty ( rub he hand together ) so , how 's the action ? Larry shoot he a disapprove look . off shelly 's disturb expression . he 's already calculate serious damage control . int . casino floor - night bernie make he way across the casino floor , when he 's intercept by shelly . shelly bernie . Mr. cool . get a moment ? bernie I be just head over to -- shelly it can wait . shelly escort bernie over to a nearby bar area . the bartender zip over with some drink . shelly how 's the knee ? bernie shrug . Natalie step up to the bar a few foot away . put in a drink order . she catch bernie 's eye . nod . bernie smile . shelly I be speak to this orthopedic surgeon over at Vegas Memorial . he tell I they can replace a man 's entire kneecap with titanium . it 's the kinda thing that cost a shitload , but since the man 's into we for five hundred large , I be sure we could -- bernie ( steal glance at Natalie ) I tell you , I be not gonna be around after Sunday . shelly ( sigh ) where you gonna go , bernie ? where the fuck be you gonna go that 's better and here ? I get you cover in this town . people , they know you work for I , that 's currency in you pocket . that 's fuckin ' respect when you walk the floor . where you gonna get that anyplace else ? bernie ( sigh ) Seven day , shelly . Seven day and I be out from under . a beautiful woman in a low cut dress , sashays she way past they , head for a high roller crap table . shelly reach out , napkin in hand , grab she arm . hand she he card . she snatch it , look it over . immediately lose all attitude . oh shit . shelly that 's right . I like to know who 's shopping it in my neighborhood . you wanna keep work the shangri-la , you come see I tomorrow morning in my office . we will go over the rule together . and before you come , you bring I a clean bill of health . ok ? the hooker just nod . shelly all right , get outta here . she take off . at the same time Natalie leave with she drink order . they walk in the same direction . shelly mistake bernie 's wander look for interest in the hooker . shelly you want that , bernie ? she 's yours . anytime . I will keep a tab run for you . ( bernie shake he head ) what 's a matter ? not you type ? bernie just stare after Natalie , shelly finally pick up on it . bernie thing be get hot on fourteen . I gotta go . he limp off . shelly stare after he . a predator seize up he prey . calculate . ext . lucky STAR motel - night bernie 's 1958 buick electra pull into the parking lot of a flea-bag motel . next door to the motel , we see a convenience store with the name , the ez MARK in pink glow neon . it 's actually suppose to read : the ez market , but the last two letter of " market " have burn out . int . lucky STAR motel - courtyard - night one of that center pool style motel . a hard luck oasis , if ever there be one . as bernie limp toward he room , he neighbor , a low rent hooker , approach from the opposite end of the courtyard with a huge - ass JOHN in tow . they converge at they door at the same time . there 's a weariness about the hooker that 's endemic to this town . she wink at bernie . he nod at she . then cast a furtive glance over at the John . the man flip he off . the hooker mouth , " sorry . " bernie hastily enter he apartment . int . bernie' motel room - night bernie flip on the light . a dim overhead bulb hardly make a dent in the gloomy surroundings . typical drab motel furnishings . we notice a couple of dead plant on the radiator next to the window . a single place set on the counter . something odd : a empty cat food bowl on the kitchenette floor . no sign of a cat . go figure . bernie head over to the dresser . a half - fill bottle of gin rest next to a lone glass with a crack down the side . he pour himself a shot . turn on the tv . a religious channel . shitty reception . on screen : a appalachian pentecostal service . the member of the congregation take up snake and writhe around in religious hysteria , while a number at the bottom of the screen solicit viewer donation . bernie do not even try to change the channel . he take a seat on he bed , prop himself up against a pair of pillow , stretch out . from next door , the sound of wild humping . hooker ( o.s. ) ... oh yeah , baby , give it to I . oh yeah , that 's the spot ... do it to I harder , you big stud ... oooooh ... bernie close he eye , try to ignore the x-rate soundtrack come at he through the carpaccio thin wall . the hooker 's moan be start to get to he . he raise he fist to the wall , then stop himself . he 's just not the confrontational type . instead , he head over to the tv , crank the volume up . the hysterical moan from the snake ritual now blend in with the grunt and groan from next door , make for a bizarre remix that could only exist in the world of bernie lootz . bernie emit a deep sigh , close he eye . int . casino floor - crap table - night Big action at the crap table tonight . the player cheer as mr. pinkerton make another pass . he exude used car salesman . Natalie arrive with he drink . natalie Seven and Seven ? pinkerton reach for the drink without take he eye off the table . he throw a hard six . the crowd cheer again . he turn around , stuff a hundred dollar chip down she shirt and slyly cop a feel . pinkerton thanks , dollface . Natalie shudder in disgust . she spin around to leave ... run smack into bernie , spilling she tray of drink on he . natalie oh shit ... sorry ... I be such a klutz . bernie wipe himself off , help she pick up the piece . bernie it 's all right . happens . Natalie try to wipe he down a bit more . natalie sorry , this guy ... fuckin ' hand , you know ... bernie s'okay . you might want to stick around . bernie wiggle he way next to pinkerton . he give the stickman a certain look . stickman Excuse I , Mr. pinkerton . you have no hard eight . pinkerton ( throw in a chip ) gimmie a hundred dollar hard eight . bernie just watch as pinkerton throw the dice . stickman eight the hard way ! the player go nut . the stickman tap the feel in front of the shooter . stickman nine hundred dollar to Mr. pinkerton . pinkerton parlay ! parlay ! the boxman seat at the center look up at he . pinkerton c'mon . you can take that action . the boxman feign concern , then nod in approval . pinkerton that 's what I be talk about . none of this low limit bullshit . just as the stickman feed pinkerton the dice , bernie flip a dollar chip over toward the center of the table . Natalie peer between they to catch a glimpse . bernie dollar hard eight . the chip land on pinkerton 's parlay bet . he release the dice from he stubby little finger . stickman eight easy ! easy eight ! hard eight come down . the player cry out in defeat . pinkerton grumble to himself . he finger he rail of chip . pinkerton five hundred dollar hard eight . and press my nine up two unit . he throw in the chip . the croupier place he bet . the dice be feed back to he . he throw . stickman easy way eight ! eight easy ! pinkerton be fit to be tie . after a pass moment of clarity he empty he entire rail . pinkerton hard eight . the entire table stop down for a second . player ( o.s. ) Way to go , pinkie ! Bet the farm . pinkerton set he dice carefully and let they fly . stickman Seven out ! pinkerton slam he fist down on the table . he turn to leave the table to find Natalie smile at he . pinkerton what the fuck you smile at , bitch ? pinkerton start to lose it . Security move in , right on time . Natalie shoot bernie a satisfied look . he avert he eye shyly and limp away . she stare after he for a moment . int . paradise lounge - night buddy stafford , the paradise Lounge 's star attraction , be perform on stage . he 's a poor man 's tony bennett . mid to late 60' . a staple at the paradise for the last 20 year . the singer sluggishly descend the stage to the lounge floor , almost trip over he microphone cable . buddy work the room , lean in real close to the lady , deliver the requisite eye contact . when they companion react with mock outrage , buddy raise he fist playfully in a boxer 's defensive stance . it 's classic buddy stafford schtick . from somewhere across the lounge , a attractive woman jump up and throw she panty at buddy . buddy catch they and wave they in the air ... just as another pair whizze by ... we pan across to shelly seat at he corner booth , in the company of nicky finger , Larry and marty . tight on shelly as he focus on buddy . a smile threaten he patent stoicism . he 's flash back on the old day . while nicky and marty be clearly enjoy buddy 's performance , Larry fixate on the singer with joyless eye . we take on larry Pov of buddy -- slow motion close -up of buddy singing . the music slowed down with the action , emphasize buddy 's lack of energy . sweat drip off buddy 's forehead , splattering into tiny jewel against he microphone . buddy 's tired eye . shake hand around the mic . smash CUT to real time applause as buddy reach the end of the song . Larry be the only one not clap . rack across to shelly as he pick up on this . int . paradise lounge - back stage - night shelly approach buddy 's dress room . he enter without knock ... int . buddy stafford's dressing room - night ...to find a tremble buddy hunch over on a sofa , hugging himself . buddy immediately sit up ... buddy shelly . I be a goddamn embarrassment tonight . I should n'a let you talk I into go on . ( massage he throat ) it 's definitely strep . shelly you be velvet out there , pop . silk . shelly throw a pair of red silk panty to buddy . we see a room number scribble on the crotch area . shelly they be hang on the door outside . forget you tonsils . when the muff confetti stop come , that 's when you get yourself a problem . buddy ( dangle the panty on he finger ) you get a receipt ? shelly Excuse I ? buddy charmayne 's in the lobby . they get this on sale in the window . Victoria secret 's Valentine 's Collection . and the broad wait in the room , what she set you back ? always grade- a for ol ' buddy . shelly be you kid I ? gimme that . ( snatch the panty away from buddy ) you do not fuck deserve this . all that lady go home with a sweet breeze between they leg because you still do it for they and you be finger I for some kinda buddy stafford ego pimp . hey , fuck you , old man . shelly feign as if he 's leave . buddy ( affectionately ) get back here , you prick . Hand it over . shelly throw the panty back at buddy . buddy just stare at he with pain eye , wait for something else . sweat mirror ball he wrinkle forehead . shelly nod . remove a foil package from he pocket . hand it to buddy . the singer rush over to he dress table . unwrap he work . rubber tube he forearm . tremble hand juggle lighter and hypodermic . shelly take a seat on the sofa . buddy , euphoric as the dope hit the spot . tear in he eye . he pick up on shelly 's somber expression in the mirror . buddy whassimatter , kid ? you get that nostradamus look . shelly shake he head . buddy you ever watch that nature show on tv ? shelly shake he head . buddy I have see this one a dozen time . it 's about lion . cycle of life thing . the leader of the pack ... shelly pride . it 's call a pride . buddy yeah , pride . the leader of the pride ... when he get on in year . it 's just a matter of time before some young male arrive on the scene to challenge he . they go at it and the old cat get the crap beat outta he . it 's humiliate . in front of all the female , this go down . and after he 's defeat , he 's cast out of the pride , to scavenge and die alone in the bush . shelly yeah , nature 's get a real sick sense of humor . buddy no shit . it 's fuck tragic because the old lion can not figure it out on he own . that he 's past it . it would be so much easier for he to just walk away and save himself all that pain and humiliation . shelly that 's like admit to yourself that you be already dead . I prefer nature 's way . buddy ( a beat ) yeah . I , too . shelly hold buddy 's gaze in the mirror . int . paradise lounge - back stage - night shelly exit the dress room , to find Larry wait on he . he 's accompany by a good look young man . larry shelly , get a minute ... shelly 's expression : no . but he head over anyway . larry shelly , this be johnny capella . johnny how ya doin ' , shelly ? johnny extend he hand . shelly ignore the gesture . shelly I know you from somewhere , right ? larry johnny 's be open for Danny ganz at the mirage . Sony 's talk about signing he to a three album deal . they be positioning he as the new ricki Martin . shelly and I should be interested in this , why ? larry johnny 's look to headline . I tell he we might be interested . shelly ( icy ) we ? johnny hey , if this be a bad time ... shelly even if I be interested , buddy 's get ink with we through 2003 . I just renegotiate he contract last year . johnny sound like the two of you need to get on the same page . ( to Larry ) if I do not hear from you by Thursday , I be take the stardust 's offer . johnny nod at shelly , take off . shelly and Larry eyeball each other for a long , cold beat . shelly 's about to say something , when nicky and marty approach . Larry shrug , flash a chill smile . nicky where 's buddy ? I wanna buy the old fart a drink . shelly buddy ask I to send you he regards , nicky . he 's not feel so great . I think he 's get that stomach flu that 's go around . nicky oh yeah ? that 's too bad . ( shelly be not fool he ) well , another time then . marty hey , shelly , nicky say you might be able to hook we up with some showgirl . something with class . shelly eyeball marty for a tense , extend beat . what do I look like , some fuckin ' pimp , college boy ? just as marty 's start to get real uncomfortable , shelly crack a smile . shelly sure , no problem . you get any preference ? nicky ( jump in ) yeah . something with big headlight , nice rim and low mileage . marty you get any asian babe ? shelly look to Larry . larry I think I will just stick with the table . we linger on shelly 's unsettle look . this guy be bad news . ext . shangri -la parking lot - night bernie weave he way through the lot to he car . arrive at he buick , he 's startle to find Natalie lean against it . she hold up the $ 100 chip the drunk tip she . natalie buy you a drink ? off of bernie 's surprised expression ... CUT to : int . the makawao bar and grill - night cheesy polynesian decor . mood lighting = a excuse to keep the electric down . basically , a joint where people come to lose themselves . Natalie and bernie be seat in a booth near the back . she sip on a umbrella drink ; he 's nursing he usual gin . Natalie have a astrological chart in front of she . in between sip , she make annotation to the chart . natalie ( almost to herself ) you progress venus be Gemini , 12.5 degree , and be in direct motion . which tell I that you be a slow starter when it come to romance . ( off bernie 's take aback expression ) you know what ? this be real unprofessional of I . I should not discuss you chart with you until I be all do . I can tell by that look , you think this be all a lot of b.s . bernie no ... I just know what the outcome 's go to be . natalie the outcome ? there 's not , like , one particular outcome . a lot of thing enter into it . the planet , moon phase ... bernie the outcome will not change with I . it will be all bad . natalie God , I have never meet anyone who be so down on themselves . I use to be down on myself , ok ? I do not go there anymore . I have get just three more correspondence class with this stuff , then I will have my certificate and everything . and you know how I get ok ? bernie ( deadpan ) you have you chart do . natalie yes , as a matter of fact that be perfectly correct . bernie do you know what I do at the shangri - la ? natalie I ask around . you be a " cooler . " you turn winner into loser . bernie and do you know how I do that ? natalie I know there 's stuff that go on in casinos all the time -- bernie I do it by be myself . people get next to I and they luck turn . it 's always be that way . natalie that sound to I like a self fulfil prophecy . there 's a whole chapter on that in my course . anyway , I can see a big factor in you life be that you be lack companionship . there 's nobody to deflect off . if you have get , as you put it , bad karma , then you need someone with good karma to neutralize it . well , that 's my take on it anyway . bernie maintain eye contact with Natalie for a extend beat . then drop he head , gaze at he glass . bernie I do not know about you , but I be real tired . Natalie nod . bernie motion to stand . Natalie just remain seat . keeps talk . natalie I have this recur dream where I be on some beautiful island in the Bahamas . I be sit on the beach , take in this amazing sunset with one of this in my hand ( gesture to she drink ) ... and then it start to rain . and I wake up and it 's my roof leak on I . yeah , I be also real tired , bernie . bernie ( not even sure why he 's tell she this ) I only get six more day . well , almost five really . then I will be leave town . natalie only five more day ? ( a beat ) then we should not waste any more time . Natalie cover bernie 's hand with hers . natalie why do not we go back to you place ? bernie ( completely catch off - guard ) I , uh ... if this be ... I do not know ... I do not know if I can afford ... Natalie flinch slightly . then swiftly regains she composure . it 's Vegas . a honest mistake . bernie oh god ... I be so sorry ... I do not mean ... you see -- that 's exactly what I be talk about . I have go and " cool " the damn table . natalie ah , just shut up , bernie . you have not go and cool anything . not by a long shot . int . bernie' motel room - night Natalie 's hand flip on the television . another bizarre religious service . we pull back from the screen as she try to change the channel . just get a whole lot of static . bernie 's stand uncomfortably in the middle of the room . natalie you should complain about this . bernie I be not here that much . drink ? sorry , all I get 's gin . natalie Nah . I have have my fill . go ahead . bernie walk over to the dresser , pour himself a shot . Natalie glance around . she notice bernie 's dead plant ... natalie you know , once they be dead , they do not really grow back . in case , that 's what you be wait for . her eye land on the empty cat bowl . she 's about to say something , when she pick up on bernie 's expression . let 's not even go there . she gesture to a old record player in the corner . natalie so ... get any music ? bernie open one of the kitchenette cupboard . bare shelf ... except for a lone record up on top . he bring it down . it 's a Sinatra album . never be open . Natalie look on as bernie meticulously remove the record from its sleeve . he blow a few particle of dust from its surface . then delicately lay it on the turntable . the way he go about this be incredibly ceremonious . with as much care as give to disarming a nuclear weapon . Natalie can not help but smile . bernie lower the needle to the first cut of the record . everything seem to be go so well , until ... skreeeeee ! the needle skid across the surface of the record with a sound worse than chalk on a blackboard . bernie open he mouth in a silent grimace ... and a delicious laugh come out . it 's Natalie 's laugh . talk about a tension breaker . bernie turn to she , shrug . he try again . this time the needle catch ... and Sinatra take command of the room . he 's sing " this town , " a finger snap upbeat Valentine to Vegas . marre only by a slight click cause by the scratch . Natalie summon bernie over with she wag forefinger . he pick up he glass , shuffles over . natalie sit. relax . I promise you , at least one of we have do this before . bernie this be not my first -- natalie sssh . surprise I . she start massage he shoulder , elicite involuntary moan from he . bernie be almost in tear . nobody 's touch he like this in year . and it show . Natalie take bernie 's glass , gulp down the remain herself , then set it on the floor . she drop down next to bernie . start kissing he . take it slow . natalie you be do real good . they fall back onto the mattress . Natalie take the reign , maneuver she hip , kick off she panty ... bernie get a eyeful of a tattoo on she butt . a pair of dice . both twos . in second , Natalie have separate bernie from he pants and underwear , take he inside of she , ol ' Blue eye keep the rhythm ... Natalie moan uninhibitedly . surprise : she 's a real screamer . moment later , we hear bang from the hooker 's side of the wall . some John tell they to keep it down . bernie , with tear of elation in he eye , thrust away at Natalie ... for all of thirty second , before he explode , convulse in she arm with a stifle gasp . Frank wind down " this town " a few second later . poor bernie , he do not even make it through the song . bernie sorry ... Natalie wrap she arm around he . natalie do not worry , bernie . I have have worse . we will try again later . bernie rest he head on she breast . close he eye . we hold on he . a few second pass ... and he break into a smile . fade to black . int . bernie' motel room - day tight on bernie sleep . he still have that goofy smile on he lip . a beat or two later , he open he eye . we pull back to reveal that he 's alone in the bed . no sign of Natalie . bernie turn to the pillow next to he , bury he face in it . take a deep breath . moan at she scent . ambrosia . he still have he face in the pillow , suck in deep breath , when Natalie step out of the bathroom . Big smile . natalie hey , so , you wanna get some breakfast ? bernie just look up at she ; replay on the goofy smile . Heaven . bernie ( v.o . ) -- I do six month at riker for run number . it be shelly 's thing , but I take the rap for it . int . moonlighter coffee shop - day bernie and Natalie sit eat breakfast . bernie after I get out , I call up shelly and he tell I to come out here . I figure he 's go to set I up good at the shangri-la . but he tell I they get all this rule about casinos employ felon . so he get I this gig do telemarkete for one of they front -- try to scam pensioner out of they retirement money . I last two week . as bernie talk , Natalie spy a very pregnant girl ( 20' ) come out of the restroom . her eye follow the girl back to a table where a young man ( 20' ) wait on she . bernie already , I be get in deep . finally it get so bad , I have to beg shelly to take on my marker around town . that just buy I more time to keep lose . I put shelly in a awkward position . I understand why he do what he do . ( tap he knee ) natalie he do that to you ? what , he shot you ? bernie Baseball bat . ( off she cring expression ) I get off easy . natalie that 's get off easy ? bernie I be out of control . natalie but he maim you ... bernie let I tell you something . I be grateful for what he do . ( off she stunne look ) no kid . every time I get a urge to play off the clock -- to so much as drop a quarter in a slot -- I reach down and squeeze what 's leave of my cartilage . it 's one helluva reminder . natalie Jesus ... I think stuff like that do not happen no more . like that be just in the movie or something . bernie hold she gaze she for a moment . bernie anyway , shelly and I work out a payment plan . two year off the book at the shangri-la , cool table . five more day and I walk . before Natalie can respond , we hear the pregnant girl start to moan out loud . the waitress rush over . pregnant girl ( clutching she belly ) oh shit , I think I be go into labor ! the young man at the table rush she to she foot , escort she toward the exit in a dramatic fashion . all this without pay the bill . as they pass by bernie and Natalie 's table , the girl trip over Natalie 's purse . bernie quickly help she up . that 's when he notice the young man ... bernie ( shocked ) mikey ? mikey bernie ... there 's a quick moment of confusion . bernie feel a bit throw by it all . ext . moonlighter coffee shop - parking lot - day bernie accompany they out to they car at a quick step . once out the door , the girl 's contraction appear to have subside . Natalie walk with the girl to try and help . pregnant girl I be ok now . false alarm . thanks . bernie pull mikey aside . bernie mikey ? be that ...? you be not the ... mikey ( nod ) bull 's eye . one time . obviously run in the family . I guess you be gonna be a grandfather , bernie . they reach the couple 's car . a rusted out 1955 Ford fairlaine . by the look of it , they have be live out of it . bernie this you ? mikey hey , what the fuck , it run . anyway , we gotta be somewhere ... bernie how 's you mom do ? mikey I be gonna pretend like you give a shit and tell you , she 's get by . as long as she 's waste . bernie nod . he gaze past mikey to the girl . mikey name 's charlene , in case you be wonder . look like she 's carry a whole litter in there , do not it ? natalie when be the last time you see a doctor ? charlene sidle up alongside mikey . charlene this clinic in Jersey . maybe six month ago . I be not about to go back after they treat I like cattle . just because I do not have no insurance . and that place , they be crawl with t.b. from all them spy . bernie so , you be in town ...? mikey maybe a week or so . get some business to take care of . bernie if you want , stop by the lucky Star Motel . give we a chance to catch up . I be on three to eleven shift at the shangri-la . I work the floor . mikey no shit . well , how ' bout that ? yeah , maybe I will do that . we can play catch up . for the kid 's sake . gotta split . natalie ( to charlene ) take care . mikey help charlene into the front passenger seat . they drive off . Natalie look to bernie . she 's curious , but do not ask . he appear thankful for that . int . casino - blackjack table - night close on a skyline of black chip neatly position on the feel . we see the owner of the chip strike a match . his last one . it fizzle out quickly . tilt up to the player' face with a unlit cigarette hang from he lip . a hand quickly reach in , light the cigarette with a Zippo . pull back to reveal bernie . player thanks ... bernie do not mention it . bernie sit at the table . dealer ( he know the routine ) hundre dollar minimum here , sir . bernie peel off a hundred from he billfold . lay it on the feel . dealer money play one hundred . player ( to bernie ) no offense , pal , but there 's twenty other table . what do you wanna come sit on my head for ? bernie just wanna play one hand . feeling lucky tonight . I get this voice in my head , say this be the table ... player I know this be the table . I be already do good here . it 's my fuck table -- bernie ( touch he ) hey , hear the one about the fella walk into a bar and say , " hey , who own that big great dane outside ? " a man at the end of the bar raise he hand . " I do . " the fella say , " yeah ? well , my dog just kill it . " the dealer finish shuffle , begin to deal . bernie " whaddya mean you dog just kill my great dane ? what kinda dog you have ? " the fella just shrug and say , " a chihuahua . " " you tellin ' I you chihuahua just kill my great dane ? how ? " ( a beat ) " I dunno , " the fella say , " I think he get stick in he throat . " bernie start laugh . the player be less than tickle . just then the dealer interrupt they . dealer insurance ? we see the dealer 's get a ace show . player God damnit ! the player wave off the insurance , as do bernie . the dealer check . nothing . as the hand play through the dealer bust out . bernie glance over at the dealer . what the hell ? bernie place he chip again . player you say , one hand . bernie ( agitate ; to dealer ) keep go . the dealer play . bernie and the high roller win again . bernie glance around he uncomfortably . we see shelly approach . shelly just have a nose for when thing be not run smoothly . Larry be lurking behind he . the dealer turn up some card . and again , bernie and the high roller win . bernie look absolutely perturb . shelly gesture something with he head . bernie cashes out . player hey , stick around , pal . you and I , we make a great team . bernie stroll over to shelly . shelly guide he away from the table under Larry 's watchful eye . shelly what be that ? bernie shrug , still confuse . shelly well , what fuck give ? be it mcgann ? he 's be with we twelve year . the man 's as standup as my dick . ( think to himself ) maybe he 's get money problem . I be gonna pull he . he be not count them , be he ? the mook with the streak ? bernie shake he head . Larry sidle over . larry be there a problem ? shelly ( zero tolerance ) no , there 's no problem . fella 's on a streak , be all . larry ( be : bernie ) let I guess ? this be one of you " cooler ? " shelly why do not you announce it to the whole fuck joint ? larry ( lower he voice ) man , they tell I you be a stickler for the old way . but cooler ? what be this guy , some kind of degenerate gambler ? reformed card shark ? he do not look too effective to I . shelly he 's the best . take it from I . larry sure . whatever . but there way -- subtle way -- to keep thing in we favor . I be talk more forward think method . shelly that right ? I suppose you get a whole fuck prospectus on the subject . larry as a matter of fact I do . like , right off the bat , I can tell you this wallpaper be not go to cut it . it 's too uplift . I would go with more mute tone . shelly yeah ? wallpaper ? larry and personally , I think the waitress can all pop another button or two . myself , I would not hire anything less than a C cup . shelly look to bernie . you believe this mook ? Larry extract a CD from he jacket ... larry know what this be ? Music to be sure . pleasant , non-intrusive . but blend in at a subsonic level be a mantra . " lose ... lose ... lose . " and that 's just skim the surface . we really need to talk , shelly . shelly be close to lose it . when morrie , the manager of the paradise , come run up ... morrie shelly , you better come quick . int . HOTEL corridor - night shelly , Larry and bernie follow behind morrie as he hastily lead they down a hallway of the shangri-la 's best suite . they arrive at a open door , the sound of a television beckone they inside ... int . buddy stafford's suite - night start on the tv set : " lose Horizon " ( 1937 ) be play . it 's the scene where Robert conway ( Ronald coleman ) , he brother and Maria be leave the lose city in the end . conway look back for one last tearful view of paradise . panning off the screen to a pair of naked foot on the floor next to the bed ... revealing buddy slump against the side of the mattress ... a hypodermic needle protrude from he arm . death glaze fixate on the screen . bernie slump back against the wall . catch he breath . shelly just stare at buddy , a slight tremor of grief threaten he granite feature . he glance over at Larry , who take in buddy 's deathly repose without a hint of emotion . Larry meet shelly 's eye with a subtle smirk of one- upmanship . a incendiary beat pass between they . then ... shelly ( to morrie ) get a hold of he daughter . assist she with the arrangement . the shangri - la will take care of everything . morrie what about the paradise ? shelly she go dark tonight . larry that will not be necessary . shelly and Larry exchange look again . bernie pick up on it . the tension in the room threaten nuclear fission . a loud animal roar reverberate on the soundtrack ... accompany by jungle - like percussion ... as we CUT to : int . the paradise lounge - night a " now perform " poster on a metal stand : johnny cappella live at the paradise Lounge ! panning off the sign and follow a couple through the door into the theater . ... we eye draw to the stage . a troupe of gorgeous female dancers in leopard print g-string , grind they hip to the muscular rhythm . flanking they be a pair of strutting lions in elevate cage . a explosion of light and smoke ... and johnny cappella make he entrance . decked out in a reflective suit that pick up every light in the house and throw it back at the audience . johnny 's get the style of a Harry connick Jr. and the move of ricki Martin . the energy this guy bring to the stage make the last twenty year of buddy stafford 's reign seem like suspend animation . the woman in the audience start fan themselves with delight . it 's a new dawn in paradise . and the panty be come fast and furious . we see shelly watch from the back of the room . he shift he attention to nicky , Larry and marty at a primo table . they be have a grand time . nicky pat Larry on the back of the head . " good work , kid . " Larry turn and raise he drink to shelly . shelly stare right through he . a declaration of war . int . casino midway - night bernie and Natalie wander around the midway . a middle - age worker at the ring toss booth get she attention . ring toss worker over here , young lady ! c'mon , give it a try . eight for a dollar . Natalie drag bernie over . she pay she money and the worker hand she the ring . Natalie throw , and miss all eight . the man pat she on the shoulder . ring toss worker sorry there , sweetheart . better luck next time . wanna try again ? Natalie be about to take he up on it , when she catch bernie 's eye . his look suggest she 's be play for a sucker . she decide against it . they walk off down the midway . bernie chuckle to himself . natalie what ? bernie nothing . natalie what ? bernie nothing . you be just a easy mark , be all . natalie a easy mark ? bernie yeah . easy mark . you never hear that term ? Natalie shake she head . bernie when we be kid , shelly and I , we use to work coney Island during the summer . when a guy would walk up and seem eager to open he wallet , we would always mark he with chalk . we would pat he on the back or arm with the chalk . like , ' hey buddy , good job ! ' ( pat Natalie ) meanwhile , he have no clue the other guy see he come a mile away . easy mark . Natalie look down at she shoulder where the man pat she . she brushes it for effect . bernie smile . they take a seat at the end of the midway . Natalie lock onto a little toe-head boy be drag around by he older brother and the brother 's friend . the kid have a glaze look in he eye . Natalie fixate on the boy with a haunt expression . bernie pick up on it . bernie you ok ? natalie you notice last night , that tattoo on my butt ? bernie ( be you kid ?!) Little Joe . natalie yeah , two twos . Little Joe . Natalie hide she face behind she soda cup . look off in the distance . natalie I have a son . his name be Joe . I be he mother for a year . bernie you know , you do not have to tell I this . natalie I want to , bernie . better you know the worst of I up front . later , when I be already invest in you , it will be too hard to come clean . after I tell you this , you will probably ... I mean , I will understand . she tear she eye away from bernie . bernie can not believe what he 's hearing . that she want to be invest in he . what could be so bad ? natalie I give my son up for adoption . I just want my life back . I be seventeen go on eighteen and I be selfish . my family , they do not want to have nothing to do with I after that . so I hitched a ride out here . figure I could make it as a showgirl . ten year later ... ( shrug ; start to break up ) I like to think that if it happen when I be older -- with some guy I care about -- maybe thing would have be different . I think about my Little Joe . and , I do know he 's better off . I be convinced of that . she lower she soda . turn to bernie . he study she for a lengthy beat , stoic feature . she wipe away she tear . oh well , that 's that . bernie stand up . look around ... focus on the arcade clock . it read 1:40 a.m . he turn to she ... bernie so , you wanna go try you hand at the dime pitch ? it 's early still . off Natalie 's tear - fill feature . she break into a laugh - cry ... CUT to : int . bernie' motel room - night bernie and Natalie make love . slow , tender . Natalie do not make with the " oh yeah , baby , you be do great " encouragement . just some low key moan . bernie do not come too soon either . he outlast Sinatra through several cut . in contrast , we hear the hooker and she John howling away through the wall . a escalate ostinato of " oh baby' . " until Natalie reach behind she and rap she fist against the wall . Big smile from both of they . ext . lucky STAR motel - day bernie and Natalie return from breakfast in bernie 's buick . bernie can not find a parking spot . Natalie climb out , head for the room . Natalie arrive at the room . she 's about to stab the key in the lock , when she realize the door be ajar . she hesitates for a moment , then push it open ... int . bernie' motel room - day ...to find mikey and charlene wait on they . charlene be puffing away on a marlboro when Natalie enter . she immediately stub it out . rise , head for the bathroom . charlene I gotta go pee . I be always pee . she close the door after she . natalie ( to mikey ) how do you get in here ? mikey I tell the desk clerk bernie be my old man . he let we wait inside . that a problem ? natalie bernie 's look for a parking space . mikey ( chuckle ) shit . I musta take the last one . mikey step up to Natalie . she have not move from the doorway . her dislike for mikey be evident . mikey tell I something , Natalie ? be he pay you ? natalie Excuse I ? mikey my old man , be he rent you ass ? ' Cause otherwise I just do not get it . a loser like my pop in the company of some primo T & a . it do not compute . Natalie do not dignify mikey with a answer . she stare he down unflinchingly . mikey reach out to Natalie 's ear , " pull " out a $ 20 dollar chip . mikey this enough to get I a taste ? family discount ? he drop the chip down Natalie 's cleavage . Natalie still do not react . mikey reach up , start caress she face . she flinch . right then , the door swing open . bernie enter . mikey snap he finger and a rise appear in he hand . he extend it to Natalie . she ignore the gesture , step aside . bernie mikey ... mikey hey , bernie . I tell you I be gonna stop by . bernie yeah ... I figure you would call ahead . we be out at breakfast . charlene emerge from the bathroom . Natalie head over . she do not want to be around mikey . she stop in front of charlene , point to a sprinkle of white powder on the side of she nose . natalie you miss some . charlene immediately swat the coke off . Natalie enter the bathroom . close the door . mikey you see , the thing be , bernie , we be kinda strapped . I mean , charly here 's expect like yesterday , and we do not have the dough to make with the right nutrition for she a ' all . so , I be wonder if you would care to invest a little in you grandchild 's future ... he well be . bernie scratch he head , think on it for a moment or two . then head over to the kitchenette cupboard . pull down a coffee can . extract a thick wad of bill . hand they over to mikey . bernie there 's about three grand there . that 's all I get . charlene bless you , bernie . ( pat she belly ) you know , Michael , I -- think we should name she bernadette . after you father . mikey you mean , bernie . trust I , it 's a boy . bernie seem quite move by it all . charlene ( to bernie ) wanna feel she ? bernie I do not think ... I do not want anything to hap ... charlene ooh , I just feel she kick . c'mon , bernie , gimme you hand ... she place bernie 's hand over she stomach . charlene feel that ? bernie ( not sure ) I do not know ... I think so ... mikey take charlene by the arm ... mikey we will catch you later , bernie . I think I be gonna take charly over to the hospital right now . get she check up real good . charlene kiss bernie on the cheek . he blushes . charlene take care , pop . bernie mikey ... mikey turn in the doorway , eyebrow raise . yeah ? bernie you be not go to try anything stupid while you be in town ? mikey play it dumb . huh ? bernie you mess up and they will cut you no slack . that 's all I be say . you get a kid to think about . mikey nod , back out of the room . charlene giggle . they disappear into the parking lot . Natalie emerge from the bathroom . she light up a cigarette , just stare at he as if to say : sucker . bernie shrug . int . shelly office - night shelly enter to find Larry seat behind he desk . Larry immediately leap to he foot , phony apologetic grin . nicky and marty be loung on shelly 's sofa . shelly 's gaze be draw to a table in the middle of the room . there 's something on it , cover in a plastic sheet . he raise a " what give ? " eyebrow . nicky shelly , I hope you do not mind ... shelly what 's go on , nicky ? nicky I be sorry we do not say nothing about this earlier ... but the deal be not close yet . marty do not worry , shelly , you be gonna love it . nicky gesture to Larry . Larry whisk the plastic sheet off the table ... ...to reveal a impressive scale model of a redesign shangri - LA HOTEL and casino . the model boast huge snow - cap himalayan peak a la " lose Horizon , " surround a completely overhaul hotel and casino . a matterhorn - like rollercoaster traverse the mountain top . gold and marble pillar , terrace and floor promise to raise the bar on Las Vegas opulence . we be look at a hundred million dollar investment easy . nicky the new shangri-la Hotel and casino . we break ground on she in six month . off shelly 's startle expression -- nicky I know what you be think ? where 's she gonna go ? you need space to expand , right ? well , that 's be take care of . we be now the proud owner of the Golden Frontier next door . larry ( gesture to the model ) she 's perfect . Three floor of game , imax theater , entertainment center , boutique , restaurant , rollercoaster , you name it . she will pay for herself in three year , and then it 's easy money . nicky be not she great , Shell ? shelly slowly approach the model like a condemn prisoner mount the scaffold . we see he stoic feature reflect in she sparkling swim pool . shelly in " lose Horizon , " this people , they plane crash in the himalayas -- and they get rescue and take to this utopia in the mountain . shangri - la . it 's beautiful . the place be completely isolate . untouch by the outside world . there 's no war , no greed , no bullshit ... time be slowed down . people , they do not age . it 's ... paradise . that 's what shangri - la be . paradise . larry yeah , we have all see the movie . and you point be ? shelly whirl around , yell : shelly you do not fuck with paradise ! all 'a ya ! nicky hey , Jesus , c'mon , shelly . we be not try to fuck with it . we be try to make it better . shelly how ... how , nicky , could it be any better ? right now it 's perfect . it 's the last of its kind . it 's pure ... and this . ( point to the model ; weary ) ... this be just ... it 's a mockery . a insult . try to make something of it that it be not . larry what be you talk about ? it 's right outta the movie ? shelly whose talk about a fuckin ' movie ? this be not a fuckin ' movie . this be my life . this be my house of worship . you people be shittin ' on all that 's sacred to I . a tense silence ensue . nicky , Larry and marty exchange look . shelly ( tired laugh ) I get just one question ? where you gonna be when they decide to change it back ? when the people , they come look for the real Vegas , from before all this epcott Center bullshit . who 's gonna it give it to they ? you guy ? I do not think so . you know who ? the same fuck who start this shit in the first place . it 's all gonna come full circle and bite you in the ass . Mark my word . shelly fall silent . massage he forehead . shit , that be not the way to handle it . nicky get up from the sofa , walk over to shelly , place a hand on he shoulder . shelly flinch , but do not pull away . nicky you make some good point , shelly . maybe it will swing back the other way , who know ? but the smart money suggest we roll the dice . I be not gonna bullshit you ; naturally there 's gonna be a lot of restructure in the month to come , but I want you to know , you will always have a place with we . shelly where 's that ? behind the bar ? marty ( laugh ) behind the bar , that 's a good one . nicky I think you should take some time and think thing through . all this , it 's a lot to digest , y'know . marty speak of thing to digest , I be starve . how 's that buffet they get in the Valley of the Blue Moon ? you recommend they prime rib , Shell ? shelly stare right through marty . choke and die on it , motherfucker . shelly it 's food . nicky hey , my artery can use a workout . lead we to the trough , Shell . shelly nod at nicky , then shift he gaze to Larry . Larry 's all smile . he step forward to join they , he hand drop down and caress the surface of shelly 's desk behind he . a subtle gesture not lose on shelly . shelly mentally unload a full chamber into Larry 's chest . returns the smile . int . casino - crap table - night as shelly and the group pass a hot crap table , nicky be draw to it . nicky wait up a second ... marty I think we be gonna eat ? only now do we see bernie have arrive to cool the table of its hot shooter -- a loud , pudgy , overdress suburbanite . shelly eye bernie . shelly maybe we wanna play over there . less crowded . nicky Nah , let 's play here . this be my lucky table . I always play here . ( to the other ) go on ahead . I know where to find you guy . shelly signal bernie to back off . bernie step back . shelly , Larry and marty head for the restaurant . nicky quickly slap down some green . the stickman slide the dice over to the suburbanite who be shoot . he scuttle the dice . they bounce up over the rail and spike nicky on the forehead before drop back on the feel . the player chuckle . stickman out ! Seven , line away seven ... nicky rub he forehead , glare at the suburbanite . he fire back . suburbanite C " mon , pop ! what the hell ? I coulda pay my mortgage with the money I just lose . nicky say nothing . the table be quickly clear by the dealer . the stickman skip the next shooter and feed the dice to nicky . shooter hey ? I be suppose to be next ... nicky file a grievance , shithead . suburbanite be still fume over he loss . nicky place a couple hundred on the passline . stickman we be come out . crap eleven , any seven . nicky throw in some chip to the center . nicky hundre dollar big red . suburbanite watch as nicky run through a lengthy pre-shot routine . lot of hand jive and cuff shoot . suburbanite hurry it up , gramp . you soup 's get cold . nicky throw . stickman crap , Ace deuce . line down . the croupier take down the pass line . suburbanite hey , busketti , maybe you should try shuffleboard . nicky be feed the dice again . same routine . nicky just fire a incendiary look back at the suburbanite . suburbanite uncle palsy ? shake them this direction . nicky throw . stickman four , hard four . the point be four . the player make they bet . suburbanite good now throw it before you fuck keel over and die , old man . nicky slowly start he routine defiantly . suburbanite happy birthday to I . happy birthday to I ... Jesus , fuck , I be another year older already . nicky throw . stickman out ! Seven ! line away . nicky clap he hand dealer style -- for effect -- and with a gentlemanly smile step back from the table . nicky 's chip be quickly sweep up by the croupier . suburbanite do not take it so hard , pop . everybody crap out . nicky lock eye with the suburbanite . then flash a smile that suggest he 's go to brush it off . he turn away from the table ... suburbanite now go change you fuck depend . nicky make like it 's all in good jest . yeah , that 's real cute . he head around the table to the suburbanite , hold out he hand as if to say : hey , no hard feeling . the suburbanite shrug . what the fuck ? I be just play with you , pop . he reach for nicky 's hand ... when nicky suddenly headbutt he . before anyone can react , nicky start lay into the suburbanite . the man go down and . nicky continue pummel he ... nicky who 's laugh now , huh ? ya fuckin ! prick ! c'mon , crack wise again ... ya fuckin ' smooth as a Ken doll , no - dick , suburbanite scum . how 's that for a game ?! shelly alert to the fraca , rush back to the table . he take immediate control of the situation . snap he finger at security . the suburbanite be whisk away with a pocketful of comp and a bruise ego . shelly take nicky aside , attempt to calm he . nicky keep railing at shelly : nicky that be not right , shelly ! guy fuck up my game like that . who the fuck do he think he be ? shelly you be right . he 's just a piece of shit . forget about he . nicky I think this joint have more class . use to be , we would not even let bum like that in ... nicky catch himself . he look at shelly for a beat . there 's a unspoken understanding between they . " the good old day . " we see bernie in the b.g. , look more than a bit shocked . int . the makawao bar and grill - night bernie seat with Natalie . bernie this town ... you know , Natalie , all I want to do be go some place where I can tell day from night . where they get clock on the wall . I can not breathe around here no more . four day and I be go . I be not even sure I can hold out that long . natalie ( a beat ) so where do that leave we ? bernie a week ago , I do not remember what it be like to have a woman 's hand on I . I be still pinching myself , expect to wake - up from ... ( just blurt it out ) come with I , Natalie . I want you to come with I . natalie God , bernie , that 's ... bernie I be sorry . I do not mean to spring that on you . natalie bernie ... I want to be with you . I do . but I do not know if I can leave with you . bernie 's look : why ? natalie I be work on a compatibility chart for the two of we . and it look good , really , it do . bernie so , what 's the problem ? natalie that 's with we here . in Vegas . bernie 's expression : oh. natalie maybe I be be presumptuous , ' cause I know you be leave ... and I try work it in different way ... it be not good , bernie . I get scared . but that 's just for now , for the immediate future . once the planet realign , maybe a year from now ... bernie Natalie ... I can not ... not another year . not another week . a somber mood fall on the table . bernie reach for Natalie 's hand . instead , he knock the salt over . it spill out in front of they . bernie I think ... we probably should not see each other anymore . natalie why , bernie ? we only get a couple day leave together . why not make the most of they ? bernie ( a long beat ) because if I spend one more night in you arm , I be not go anywhere . natalie and that 's so bad ? bernie just stare at she , shroud in sadness . Natalie stub out she cigarette , rise . natalie take care , bernie . bernie cast he eye to the mound of spill salt in front of he . nod . a few beat later he raise he head ... bernie Natalie , do not ... gone. a waitress appear . waitress ( o.s. ) get you another ? bernie ( nod ) I think you better bring I the bottle . please . int . shangri -la HOTEL and casino / bar - night once again , we see bernie 's foot limp across the casino floor . he walk up to the bar , ask for a cup of coffee . doris bring it over . short on the cream again . he just sip it black . gloom and doom feature . life suck . his master 's voice sound over the intercom : voice ( v.o. ) chang , party of fifteen , you table be ready , chang party of fifteen . bernie look to doris . sigh . only three more day . int . casino floor - crap table - night he head for the crap table , the sound of raucous cheering become audible . a large crowd start to gather . bernie noodle he way to the front of the crowd . as soon as he get a look at the heavy hitter at the table , he tense up . oh shit . it 's mikey . with charlene . charlene be make one hell of a racket . play up she extremely maternal state . just then Natalie sidle up to bernie with the chiva regal . without think about it , he grab the glass off the tray , downs it in a single gulp . charlene ( clutching she tummy ) come on , mikey . this be we future . do not blow it . mikey throw down a bet for the dealer . mikey put this on the line for the boy . the stickman thanks he as they place the bet . mikey throw down more money . we can see mikey have bet all over the table . mikey with shoe ! stickman Dealer 's get shoe . hand high , the dice be out ! the point be nine . charlene come on all you 's . put a good think in for we baby ! as everyone dote over charlene , mikey quickly swap the dice before anyone can see . he throw . stickman six the hard way ! mikey be pay nine thousand by the croupier , as be charlene . bernie stand freeze . he do not bother try to get any closer to the table . he know it will do no good . charlene oh my god , I just feel he kick ! he know . he know you be all pull for he . God bless you all . Natalie look over at charlene . they eye meet for a second . it 's as though Natalie know it 's a scam and charlene 's acknowledge it . mikey throw again . stickman six the hard way ! look out , we get a shooter ! another nine grand . mikey 's rail be nearly full . charlene hop around awkwardly cause more distraction . bernie be really sweat it out now . then shelly arrive . Larry be hot on he tail . shelly how much ? bernie eighteen thousand since I step up . I be sorry , shelly , I guess I have be hit and miss lately . shelly 's expression tell we he be not so sure . something definitely be not kosher . as charlene chatter on , mikey switch the dice back . shelly make he . shelly ( sotto ) Fucking amateur ... mikey throw ... stickman Seven out ! line away . the player and crowd , though disappointed , applaud mikey 's achievement . mikey ( bow ) I thank you . my wife thanks you . my unborn child thanks you . mikey move he rail of chip to the feel . mikey Color I up will ya ? Larry notice shelly slip on a pair of leather glove . larry you have gotta be kid I . ( off shelly 's steely glare ) that 's not how I propose we handle it . we will turn the matter over to the authority . they will be blacklist , they credit ruin ... shelly ( get in Larry 's face ) and then we will give them both a lollipop for the ride home . come watch and learn , Harvard . a little lesson on how to protect you investment -- the old school way . shelly walk over to mikey and charlene , Larry linger behind he . shelly hey , that be some run you have back there . mikey uh , thanks . just lucky I guess . mikey steal a tense glance at charlene . she start to fidget nervously . shelly why do not we go do this in my office ? I do not like to hand out all this amount of cash on the floor . Security ( tony and Lou ) corral the couple . lead they away . bernie watch as they pass by . mikey look into bernie 's eye . they both know he 's be make . Natalie do not say anything , just look at bernie . int . casino receiving area - night slot machine everywhere -- some on the way out , some on the way in . crates of casino supplies . bernie rush in with Natalie behind he . head for a aural beacon of blows landing on flesh ... grunting , pleading ... ... arrive to find tony and Lou kick the shit out of mikey on the floor . charlene lie clutching she belly a few foot away . shelly swing a baseball bat , warming up for some blood sport . Larry watch from the sideline -- at once appal and enthralled . charlene oh my God ... I can feel the contraction come on ... bernie rush over to shelly ... bernie shelly , stop they ! do not do this ! shelly get lose , bernie , this get nothing to do with you . bernie it 's get everything to do with I . he 's my son . everyone stop dead . freeze frame . shelly get a weird look in he eye . a fuse have just be light ... shelly what do you say ? bernie I say , he 's my -- shelly who ? this little prick ? shelly smashes mikey across the shoulder with the bat . aarrrgggghhh !!! shelly raise the bat to cream mikey again ... bernie grab shelly 's arm . shelly shove he back . raise the bat again ... mikey pop , help I ... bernie shelly , do not you fuck do it ! shelly freeze . he lower the bat , throw it aside . grab bernie by he collar ... shelly be you in on this ? Jesus , you better come clean with I . bernie no ! God , no ! I do not know nothing about it . shelly release bernie . there 's a strange look in shelly 's eye . we see the wheel turn ... shelly how much you think they life be worth , bernie ? myself , I do not think they be worth piss . but , hey , it be not my kid ... bernie see where shelly 's go with this . we can almost hear the cell door slamm in he head . shelly let I see : they be up almost a hundred and fifty grand . that 's 150 G 's someone 's gonna have to account for . what do you say , bernie , seventy - five grand a piece ? bernie glance over at Natalie . she have tear in she eye . he look to shelly pleadingly . please do not do this ... shelly hey , I know you do not have that kind of cash . but , since you be a friend of the house , I be willing to front you . bernie shelly , they do not get away with the money ... you do not lose anything ... shelly glance over at Lou , nod . Lou kick mikey in the face . his nose snap like a twig . bernie oh Jesus ... yes ! all right . it 's on I . 150 G 's . charlene clutches she belly , moan ... charlene oh god , oh god ... you gotta get I to the hospital ... contraction ... bernie shelly , please help she . that 's my grandson ... shelly hey , why do not we all break out the champagne ? lootz be about to become a granddaddy . ( walk over to she ) how you doin ' there , sweetheart ? must hurt like crap , huh ? charlene ( nod ) hurt so bad ... shelly yeah ? suddenly shelly kick charlene in the belly ! wham ! she screech out . natalie oh God ... bernie Jesus nooooo !!! even shelly 's goons can not believe what they have just witness . Larry be aghast . bernie rush shelly , start raining blow on he . shelly swat he off . he drop down next to the squirming girl , rip she sweater and blouse up over she stomach ... ...to reveal a mound of fake pad . he tear the pad away from she , throw it at bernie . shelly here ! it 's a fuckin ' boy . anyone get a cigar ? the muscle start laugh it up . relief . Larry emit a nervous giggle . Natalie 's jaw hit the floor . bernie take a step back . he 's about to go into serious shock . charlene curl over , sobbing . shelly ( to bernie ) you sure you still want to be good for it ? because if you want to change you mind , I do not blame you . bernie look over at mikey . he stare up at he father , tremble . mikey I will make it up to you , pop , I swear ... bernie hold he son 's gaze for a beat . he 's almost tempt to ... he just shrug and nod at shelly . bernie it 's on I . shelly ( shake he head ) that 's the worst fuck call you ever make in you life . on natalie at that moment . we can tell she agree with shelly ... but think all the more of bernie for it . that might even be love in she eye . shelly snatch he baseball bat up off the floor . walk over to mikey , and bring it down full force , pulverize mikey 's leave kneecap . oh man , the scream ... bernie what be you do ?! I think we have -- shelly 150 G 's busy they life . this be just a little slap on the wrist to remember I by . Natalie turn she head . she 's about to throw up . Larry watch , unflinchingly . charlene be make with some serious plead now . charlene oh god ... it be not my idea . shelly step up to charlene , tapping the base of the bat in the palm of he hand . he smile reassuringly at she . shelly you know , motherhood be a beautiful thing . this ... you make a mockery out of it . maybe you will get to experience it for real one day . charlene ( nod , sobbing ) I want ... to be a mother ... please do not hurt I ... shelly I be not go to hurt you . shelly turn he back on she . charlene start sobbing relief . they be not go to hurt she . it 's go to be all right . wrong . shelly throw the bat to Lou . the heavy step up to the plate ( as we rack focus to shelly walk away ) -- crunch !!! follow by the girl 's shriek . Natalie bury she head in bernie 's shoulder . shelly ( to tony and Lou ) get them outta here . you ever see they in this joint again , kill them . shelly ( to bernie and Natalie ) you two , you be still on shift . shelly catch Larry 's eye : I hope you be take note . int . bernie' motel room - night bernie 's seat on the edge of he bed , drown he sorrow with a bottle of gin . moonlight paint he in jail bar of shadow . Natalie linger in the b.g. bernie I do this to myself . I plant the seed . when Angela take off with mikey , I do not ... I never make a effort to get back in he life . I figure , the kid do not need a loser for a father . now it 's all come full circle . I give he the money , I open the door to all this ... I musta have it come . payback . Natalie 's hand lower the needle onto the Sinatra record . " Nice and ' easy " start up . she walk over to bernie , take the bottle away . help he to he foot . he give himself over to she reassure embrace . Natalie raise bernie 's face to she 's . natalie bernie , it 's a big world out there . if you just take off -- if we take off . bernie shake he head . it 's too late for that now . dissolve to : int . bernie' motel room - later - night Natalie stare up at the ceiling , bernie nuzzle against she . her feature appear softer than ever . luminous in the moonlight . realization moist in she eye . natalie you awake , bernie ? he grunt something inaudible . natalie I -- think I love you . bernie tense up . huh ? natalie no , I do not think . I be pretty certain of it . bernie raise he head , not quite sure he hear she right . Natalie sit up , hug she knee . bernie find himself stare at she back . natalie you blind - sided I , bernie lootz . I never see this come . you should not do that to a girl . bernie reach out , caress she back . she emit a shiver ... natalie there 's still thing you do not know ... should know ... I do not want to ruin it ... bernie pull Natalie back toward he . bernie it will not make any difference , Natalie . whatever you come clean about , I be not gonna feel any different about you . I would say the word , but with my luck ... natalie say them anyway . to hell with rotten luck . that 's over . bernie ( a beat ) I love you , Natalie . Natalie smother she lip against bernie 's . he enshroud she in he arm . fade out ... int . bernie' motel room - day fade into soft focus . slow take form ... a cat' face see in extreme close -up . wider -- to reveal the cat rest on bernie 's chest . she meow as he stir awake . he 's stunne to see she there . bernie trixie ? the cat jump off he chest and slink over to she empty food bowl . meow again . bernie break into a wide smile . bernie trix . you come back . bernie shield he eye from the bright sunlight stream in through the blind . huh ? this be a first for he . he 's never get direct sunlight in he room before . what 's the deal ? do the world just turn on its axis ? he glance over he shoulder ... no Natalie . just she impression in the sheet . and a note on she pillow . for a moment he heart stop . he conjure up the worst . grab up the note , unfold it . we see a lipstick kiss and the word : have a spectacular day ! bernie let out a joyful whoop ! leap out of bed ... smash CUT to : int . bernie' motel room - continuous - day close - up : trixie eat some tuna out of she bowl . we hear the record player needle drop on " luck be a Lady . " cut to : bernie 's foot glide around the room ... pan up to bernie dance with himself . he 's positively aglow . he snatch up a salt shaker and sing along with Sinatra . it 's true -- love make the world go around . it obviously also give life to dead plant , as evidence by the small bulb that have sprung up overnight above he radiator . but we will not dwell on that . int . shangri -la HOTEL and casino - day bernie strut into the casino a change man ( still to the tune of " luck be a Lady " ) . even he limp seem less pronounce as he greet fellow worker as they pass . he catch a glimpse of himself in a wall mirror . maybe for the first time , he like what he see . in the reflection he notice Natalie smile at he . he meet she eye . she avert they quickly , keep walk . int . shelly office - that moment shelly watch bernie from the video monitor . he appear less than delighted over bernie 's sunny disposition . he pick up the phone , dial . shelly ( into phone ) yeah , it 's I . get bernie over to crap table six . int . casino floor - night per usual , bernie walk up to the bar , ask for a cup of coffee . doris slide it over . bernie ( look around ) get any cre -- before he can answer , doris hand he a container of cream . a full container . taken aback , he start pour it into he cup , when he hear a voice over the intercom : voice ( v.o. ) lovett , party of six , you table be ready , lovett , party of six . bernie look to doris . bernie duty call . int . casino - montage - moment later a -- bernie arrive at a hundred dollar blackjack table just in time for the dealer to bust out . the crowd go crazy ! B -- bernie take a break by lean up against the side of a slot machine . suddenly , the woman play it hit a jackpot . C -- everywhere he seem to go , people continue to win . D -- bernie , despite the spooky irony , can not help but smile as mountain of chip pile up on the table . shelly appear behind he . not a happy camper . he gesture bernie to follow he . int . casino slot area - night they head over to a section of slot . as they pass one of that huge million dollar slot , the floor manager cut in front of they . floor manager hey , shelly , check it out . the new mega-million . I call she marnie , ' cause she 's one frigid broad . sure , once in a while she will flash you a bit of tit , but you chance of hit a home run -- one in twenty million . here , give she a shot ... he hand shelly a cup of quarter , take off . shelly look to bernie . he 's try to keep a lid on he anger . shelly ( feed marnie quarter ) you wanna tell I what 's go on out there ? bernie I do not know ... shelly pull the lever . shelly what do you mean ... marnie immediately spit out a small jackpot . shelly ( react with surprise ) what do you mean , you do not know ? we be down almost a mile out there . do not seem strange to you ? bernie ( shrug ) guess I be have a off day . shelly you do not have off day , lootz . you be shitty luck incarnate . what 's wrong ? you come down with something ? you have get this look about you ... shelly start feed marnie again . bernie nothing 's wrong . fact be , I have never feel better . shelly what 's that suppose to mean ? bernie she love I , shelly . she tell I last night . Natalie . on the mention of Natalie 's name , we hear a shriek siren , follow by a deafen toll of slot bell . shelly 's just land the million dollar jackpot . shelly stare at the slot in surprise -- then look over at bernie . realization hit hard . fuck ! the floor manager stagger over . his expression be priceless . floor manager sweet Jesus ... you pop she cherries . several casino worker have gather to witness the deflower of marnie . they gaze reverently upon she , as if witness the " Close encounter " mothership for the first time . shelly drag bernie out of earshot . shelly Natalie ? she tell you , she love you ? bernie nod , a huge grin wrenching he cheek apart . he 's about to go helium on we . int . casino floor - night Natalie 's serve drink to a table of high roller , when tony and Lou appear behind she ... int . shelly office - night the door to shelly 's office slam behind Natalie . shelly glare at she from behind he desk . we see he thumbing he steel abacus . the bead drift toward the center . Natalie shakily light up a cigarette . shelly put that fuck thing out ! Natalie , startle , drop she cigarettes . she kneel to gather they up . natalie sorry . shelly you should be . you have go and fuck it up big time . I pay you to be he cooze companion , not he fuck true love . but , no , you have to go and get all profound on the poor schmuck . ( mimic female voice ) " I love you , bernie . " you know what you have go and do , sweetheart ? that four little word of endearment have already cost this casino a million and count today . natalie I do not understand ... shelly ( jump to he foot ) Lady luck . you never hear 'a lady luck ?! that 's what 's goin ' on out there . lootz be kryptonite on a stick . he should have them throw ice cube out there , but instead I get a fuckin ' meltdown on my hand . shelly walk around he desk to Natalie . shelly ok , here 's what 's gonna happen . you be outta he life by the time he get home . do not even tell he to he face , just leave a note . I will make some call , situate you at another joint . natalie I can not do that . shelly ( right in she face ) Excuse I ? natalie it be not a act . I mean it . I love he . shelly ( close to lose it ) what 's there to fuckin ' love ? he 's a loser . always have be , always will be . natalie I think you be he friend ... shelly and I think you be a smart cookie when I pick you out . you do not want to fuck I over , darlin' . I will see to it that you next John 's a rattlesnake out in the desert . now get the fuck outta here . Natalie rush from the office in tear . shelly close he eye for a moment -- gotta keep it together . int . shangri -la casino - night bernie approach some cocktail waitress about to go off duty . bernie hi. any of you see Natalie around ? I be suppose to give she a ride home . cocktail waitress # 1 I think she leave already . she be not feelin ' too good . we be cover for she . off bernie 's expression : oh ... ext . lucky STAR motel - night bernie 's buick pull into the lot . he park , head for he room . int . bernie' motel room - night bernie enter . flip on the light . no Natalie . bernie ( call to the bathroom ) Natalie ? you in there ? no answer . he head over . find it empty . concern spread across he feature . he glance around the room . notice the closet wide open . Natalie 's clothes miss . bernie ( sotto ) Natalie . that 's when he catch sight of the note tape to the dresser mirror . he rush over , rip it off . i'm sorry bernie . I guess it just wasn 't in the card for US . take care , natalie . bernie slump to the floor in disbelief . start to tremble . then rock back and forth , wrack by stifle sob . Christ , make it stop hurt ... dissolve to : int . bernie' motel room - later bernie seat at the foot of the bed , drink bourbon from a solitary glass . he 's almost go through a entire bottle . he glance down , notice a pair of Natalie 's stocking stick out from under the bed . he bring they up to he face . breathes she in , only to exhale a sorry breath . int . shangri -la casino - bar - night bernie stop at the bar for a cup of coffee . doris start to pour the cream ... whoops ... empty . bernie shrug . par for the course . time to go to work . int . casino floor - night we see bernie back in top form . forget Mr. cool , he 's turn into Mr. freeze with a vengeance . the high roller be face a nuclear winter on the floor thanks to bernie . series a -- a man with a fresh bankroll sit at a card table full of hubris . bernie pull up a chair next to he . B -- we see a crowd of player hover over a busy crap table . the cheerful congregation turn sour as the dice be flung . player groan as they jettison the table , leave just bernie ... C -- we see a dealer pull a six card twenty one as player sit with twelves and thirteen . they sit stunne as they money be sweep away . the same man with the hefty bankroll unclip the last of he green . he throw it over to the dealer to change in . D -- Larry , roam the floor , be visibly disturb by bernie 's cool ability . it 's something he can not quantify and it unsettle he . he glance up toward shelly 's observation window , know the man be gloat . good call . from behind the glass , shelly light up a stogey . hint of a smile . you go , bernie . int . paradise lounge - night johnny cappella rock the house . pan across to shelly and bernie seat in shelly 's booth . shelly be in a jovial mood , while bernie be a portrait of misery . bernie I want you to tell I the truth , shelly . do you say something to Natalie ? do you muscle she -- shelly Jesus , bernie , be that what you think of I ? that I would fuck with you happiness ? that hurt . bernie shrug a apology , shift he gaze to johnny cappella . bernie this guy 's all flash . no soul . I miss buddy . place be not the same without he . shelly buddy be tired . I give he a easy out . it coulda be a lot worse ... bernie ( confuse ) you give he a easy out ? what be you talkin ' about ? I think he ... shelly look almost ... torture . something he need to get off he chest . shelly he woulda never take the buy - out offer . buddy woulda stick to he gun , no matter what . and they woulda end up hurt he . I could not let that happen . bernie Jesus ... you ... how can you sit here and justify it ? like you be Dr. kevorkian or something ? shelly listen to I , you dumb fuck -- I love that sonofabitch . but he time be up . what I be suppose to do , leave he to that corporate wolf ? what I do , it be the humanitarian thing . that I have no doubt about . afterwards , I hold he in my arm and I cry like a fuck baby . what ? you get this look -- what 's this fuck look ? off bernie 's shocked expression -- int . bernie' motel room - night bernie sit watch tv , a bottle of ten High next to he on the bed . same religious channel . this time it 's a mass baptism take place on some river bank . he 's about to doze off , when he hear a light rapping on the door . he cock he head , not sure if it 's the booze talk . bernie throw open the door -- Natalie stand there . a lonely angel frame in the doorway . suitcase at she foot . 24 carat tear glisten in the dark . they just stare at each other for a extend beat . then Natalie stumble into bernie 's arm . clingwrap herself to he . bernie squeeze he eye close . hold on for dear life . it 's a different kind of pain now ; one that hurt so good . angle on natalie from over bernie 's shoulder . there 's a bittersweet look about she . nothing good can come of this . but that 's tomorrow . a long way off . int . bernie' bedroom - later bernie and Natalie lie in each other 's arm . bernie seem at ease . Natalie eyeball the ceiling , smoke wisping up from a cigarette . natalie bernie ? you awake ? bernie yeah . natalie let 's just take off . bernie look over at she . natalie I mean it . let 's just pack up and go . tonight . bernie ( close he eye ) I can not do that . I have get a obligation to shelly . there 's no -- natalie fuck shelly . he do not give a shit about you . let 's just climb into you car and get the hell out of here . bernie cut she off . bernie I can not do that , Natalie . they would come after I . and because you be with I ... I would not want that on I . Natalie finish she cigarette . well , she 's make she bed . bernie start nuzzling she . she turn away . natalie just hold I . int . casino floor - day shelly look on as a high roller clean up at crap . with bernie stand right there next to the guy . which only seem to make it worse , as bernie 's presence spur the player on to a even bigger win . bernie have that goofy " my heart be full " look about he . which can mean only one thing in shelly 's book . the man look about ready to split a atom . we see Larry hover nearby with a smug grin . off of shelly 's enraged expression ... ext . lucky STAR motel - day Lou 's black oldsmobile pull into the parking lot . shelly and the boy climb out , head for ... ext . the motel courtyard - day Natalie 's sun herself at the pool . the only other people around be a middle - age couple and a young boy . shelly ( slip on he leather glove ) , follow by Lou and tony , stride purposefully up to Natalie -- no hellos , nothing -- just grab she by the hair ... natalie hey ! ouch ! what be you ...? he drag Natalie over to bernie 's room , kick the door open , shove Natalie inside ... int . bernie' motel room - day shelly throw Natalie onto the bed . Lou close the door and draw the blind . natalie you get no fuck right ...! shelly what do I tell you ?! what do I fuckin ' tell you ?! natalie I try ... I could not ... shelly I do not give a fuck ! shelly head over to the closet , rip it open , pull out a suitcase . he start throw Natalie 's clothes into the case . shelly you be go , sweetheart . History . kiss paradise goodbye . natalie ( hysterical ) I can not leave ! I will not ! I love he . do not that mean anything to you , you heartless fuck ? shelly stop pack . he grab Natalie up off the bed , start smack she around . shelly who the fuck do you think you be ? you be not nobody ! I could make you disappear like this ... ( snap he finger ) and nobody would ever notice you be go . nobody ! natalie ( yell ) bernie would ! I get friend ! you do not fuckin ' own I . you get no right -- shelly lift Natalie up , throw she across the room into the dresser mirror . smash ! she crumble to the floor , glass shower she . Natalie grab up a shard , rush shelly with it ... natalie fuck you ! she slashes shelly across the arm . ouch , fuck ! before tony and Lou can make a move , shelly ensnare she wrist -- snap it backwards -- aarrrrgghhh !!! shelly snatch up the shard , shove she back on the bed . we see she terror reflect in the jag glass against she cheek ... shelly you fuckin ' cunt ... he slice she cheek open . tony and Lou look on with mutual expression : shelly 's get a little carry away here . shelly stagger to he foot ... shelly you think that 's bad ? that 's just a taste , bitch . you be still here when bernie get home and I will finish the job . I will cut you into so many fuckin ' piece , the vulture will be trading on you for a month . shelly reach into he jacket , pull out a wad of bill . throw they at Natalie . shelly here ... go get yourself some cosmetic surgery . shelly gesture to tony and Lou . they exit the room , leave Natalie sobbing into one of bernie 's pillow . ext . lucky STAR motel - night bernie park . head for he room . he 's about to reach for he key , when he realize the door be slightly ajar . he push he way into ... int . bernie' motel room - night ... darkness . bernie Natalie . bernie fumble for the light switch ... natalie ( o.s. ) no , do not . I have get a headache . bernie ( close the door ) do you take something ? I get some aspirin in the -- natalie yeah . I already take something . there 's just enough moonlight in the room for bernie to make out Natalie curl over on the bed . as he approach , he trip over Natalie 's suitcase on the floor . bernie ouch ! he cut himself on a splinter of shattered glass as he stagger to he foot . which draw he attention to the mirror . moonlight glow off the edge . that 's all there be -- edge . on the dresser : he bottle of ten High . empty . confused , bernie fumble he way over to Natalie on the bed . bernie Natalie , what happen ? the mirror ... he reach out to touch she face ... instead he hand make contact with a lump . bernie Natalie . he jerk back , flip on the nightstand lamp . natalie bernie , no ! shit ... bernie choke at the sight of she . she clutches a bloody rag to she cheek . blood on the pillow ... blood on the sheet ... and tear . bernie oh Jesus ... Natalie , who do this to you ? we need to call the police ... natalie I love you , bernie . I just want you to know that . I fall in love with you . that be not part of the plan . I think ... easy money ... bernie what be you say ? natalie shelly . he pay I to get next to you . to keep you around . whatever it take ... bernie ( a whisper ) shelly ? natalie you get it right the first night . I be for sale . buy and pay for . you be the easy mark , bernie . bernie slump down on the edge of the bed . sucker-punch . try to make sense of it . natalie at first you be just another John . but then I start to take a closer look . for the first time , here be someone who be not try to hustle I . be not pretend to be somebody he be not . just a decent guy try to get back on track . and it do not hurt any that you put I up on a pedestal . it sure put the gutter into perspective ... bernie ( still in disbelief ) shelly ... natalie shelly want I go . he say I bring you luck . Lady luck . I stay ... to tell you to you face ... and then you would not want I no more ... and I could just go ... bernie stand shakily . bernie we gotta get you to the hospital . we will talk about this later . natalie just tell I one thing , bernie . tell I there 's gonna be a later . bernie do not answer she . int . hospital - emergency room waiting area - night fade in on bernie 's hunch over figure , wait on Natalie . he tug at he car key as he wrestle with he emotion . Natalie 's betrayal have finally sink in . the man 's in pain . his natural instinct be to just take off . run. fuck Natalie . fuck shelly . fuck this whole goddamn town . suddenly he look up . a couple of people pass by in front of he ... and then there she be . stand a few foot away , face patch - up , arm clutching herself , not sure whether to approach he or not . the sight of she just break bernie 's heart . he stand slowly , leg like jelly -- and in that instant it 's all so clear to he . he walk over , forgiveness in he eye , contrition in hers . she try to say something . he shake he head . bernie ssshh . they embrace with a intensity that threaten to merge they atom into a single be . int . bernie' car - moving - night bernie drive down a quiet Vegas street . it 's spooky . almost too quiet . all the light be green as they cruise into the night . natalie tell I again , bernie . tell I it 's all gonna be okay . bernie everything 's gonna be fine . this be we time . this be you and I and we be go for it . Natalie lean over and kiss he . as she do so , she catch sight of she face in the mirror . start to tear up . bernie you look in the mirror , you do not like what you see , do not believe it . you look in my eye . that 's the only mirror you gonna need . look in my eye , Natalie . she look into bernie 's eye . see the most beautiful girl in the world . tear roll down she cheek . bernie I love you . marry I ? off Natalie 's startle reaction ... CUT to : ext . holy roller wedding chapel - night a neon sign read : " holy roller wedding chapel . OPEN 24 hour . " boom down as bernie carry Natalie out of the chapel , they lip fuse together . int . bernie' car - moving - night bernie and Natalie burn down the highway . the light of the big city just a glimmer in the rearview . up ahead , a billboard read : the shangri -la HOTEL and casino . take a gamble on paradise . tight on bernie . his expression turn grim . Natalie pick up on it . she shake she head . silently plead : bernie , no . bernie try to shrug it off . but the spectre of shelly sit firmly on he shoulder . there 's no escape he . we see bernie fight it . lose . shit ! in the next instant , bernie pull a quick u-turn across the middle shoulder , start back toward Vegas . ext . casino parking lot - night bernie pull into the parking lot . kill he light . int . bernie' buick - night bernie reach for the door . Natalie grab he arm . natalie you do not have to do this , bernie . bernie yeah , I do . I have to tell he right to he face . I will not look over my shoulder for the rest of my life -- we life . natalie bernie , you chart ... that first night . I be not be straight with you . it 's the worst chart I have ever see . there 's nothing in the card for you . I be scared ... bernie do not you see , that be before you open you heart to I . everything 's different now . I get lady luck on my side . ai not nothing gonna happen to I . Natalie shakily open she purse , pull out a handful of hundred . pushes the money at bernie ... natalie it 's three thousand dollar . take it . maybe shelly will accept it as a down payment . we can send he the rest in installment ... after we get settle . bernie I do not think -- natalie take it . bernie stuff the cash in he jacket . climb out . bernie whatever happen , I -- natalie ( abrupt ) I know , bernie . she turn away . stare out the window , tear stream down she cheek . natalie ( sotto ; gentle ) I know . int . casino floor - night bernie make for the paradise Lounge . split second flashback as he imagine shelly lay into Natalie . fast cut . reverberating sound echoe . just the fuel bernie need to make he stand . by the time he arrive at int . paradise lounge - night he 's practically foam at the mouth with rage . he barge in to find shelly at a table in agitate conversation with nicky , Larry and marty . they fall silent , realize something be wrong . shelly bernie , what 's the matter ? you look a little fuck spook . bernie throw something in shelly 's face . it 's that bloody rag Natalie be hold to she cheek . it land on the table in front of everyone . shelly swat it away with disgust . jump to he foot . wham ! bernie slug he one . as shelly double over , bernie get in he face . bernie you lay another finger on she , I swear to God I will kill you . you hear I ? I will fuckin ' kill you ! shelly 's goons quickly move in , grab bernie . drag he away . shelly compose himself , turn to he guest . shelly will you excuse I for a moment ? he rush off . nicky shoot Larry a resign look . int . shelly office - night Lou shove bernie inside . bernie kiss floor . shelly stride past , lean against he desk . bernie slowly drag himself to he foot . bernie ( a hoarse whisper ) why ? why , shelly ? shelly because you never give up a good thing , bernie . you be a good thing . the best fuckin ' cooler there ever be . and I need he back . bernie he be not never comin ' back . shelly that 's a dead man talk . bernie I be through with this joint , shelly . Natalie and I , we just get marry . we be outta here . I will get a job out there in the world . send you half my paycheck every month . make good on my obligation . shelly ( get in bernie 's face ) you try to walk on I , bernie , and I will fuckin ' bury you . the both of you . bernie I do not think so . shelly 's expression : oh yeah ? bernie you whack I , then bernie lootz be not the world 's biggest loser no more . that honor 's gonna fall upon you , shelly . and maybe you have it all along . shelly what the fuck ? I ? I be the loser ? bernie what you get ? what do you get in you life besides this joint ? shelly what the fuck more do I need ? bernie you get nothin ' , shelly . this place -- you legacy -- it 's a mirage . you turn you back and it do not even exist . there 's no day , there 's no night , it 's all just one big fuckin ' blur and it do not count for nothin ' ! shelly look to tony and Lou : shelly you believe this fuckin ' guy ? bernie get eye- to - eye with shelly . a first . bernie I feel real sorry for you . yeah , you get this fear of germ thing . but it go deeper than that . you can not get close to no one . on a emotional level . you be the worst kind of gambler there ever be : too scared to put he chip on the table . too scared to open he heart ... to extend any real kinda friendship . always afraid it 's gonna end out in the desert . well , sweet fuckin ' dream , pal , ' cause I be out and if that 's where it end , that 's where it end . bernie turn he back on shelly , stride over to the door . shelly that 's a real heartfelt speech , lootz . all that Jimmy Stewart in ya face intensity . you almost sell I . ( massage he throat ) man , I have get a fuck lump in my throat . ( a beat ) but it still do not change thing . you bail on I without make good on my 150 G 's and I be gonna be force to close the book on you . you and the broad . you leave I no choice . bernie turn , look at shelly . shelly 's dead serious . they hard stare each other for a beat . bernie do not say anything . at least , not out loud . his eye do all the talk : " I guess you leave I no choice either . " hold on bernie 's steely resolve . int . elevator - night this could be the open of the film -- bernie stand with he back to we , face the gold elevator door . murky reflection . the floor light ascend fast ... the door open and the soundtrack go silent . slow push in on he as he take in the action -- a gladiator about to enter the coliseum . something come alive in he eye . a spark of determination . this be not the expression of a loser . close - up as he foot step onto the casino floor -- a explosion of amplify casino walla shatter the previous silence . int . casino floor - night we follow bernie as he wander through the casino like he 's do a thousand time -- but this time with conviction . int . casino floor - crap table - night bernie step up to a empty table , throw down the whole three grand onto the feel . bernie Change only ... the crew work the table stop down as they realize who it be . the table be dead . bernie could not be need . the croupier slowly gather up the green , hand it to the boxman . croupier check change three thousand . the boxman count the cash . boxman this a pleasure cruise , bernie ? bernie you could say that . boxman well , it will be a short one . table 's dead . croupier it be now , anyway . the other chuckle . the boxman count out the chip ; they be give to bernie . he place they all on the passline . the stickman push over the dice . bernie pick a couple . he throw .... stickman yo eleven ! pay the line . bernie pick up he three thousand dollar in winning . he let it ride . the table quickly fill up with hungry player . bernie throw the dice again ... stickman winner seven ! bernie be now pay six thousand dollar on he pass line bet . the other player also collect they winning . they can feel something in the air . bernie , forehead bead with sweat , rub the feel a little before he pick up the dice . he throw ... stickman six easy . easy way six ! bernie take double odd on he bet . the boxman be not sure what to do . do he stop he ? do he dare ? in the b.g. , people gather to watch the action . whatever it be , it 's catch . the table next to they burst into applause . int . casino floor ? montage - night a -- Close on a slot machine as it pay out . the woman grab the payout feverishly . B -- a group at the blackjack table cheer as the dealer bust out . C -- the line at the cashier cage get longer and longer . -- chip . stack and stack of chip , be meticulously count . D -- a quick shot of a roulette ball drop into number twenty - one . the dealer slowly put the marker atop a large stack of chip in the twenty - one square . int . casino floor - crap table - night a shot of the face of frenzied dice player wait for the outcome of the throw . follow by a thunderous release as the point be make . in the center of it all . bernie lootz . his rail be nearly full of chip . the other player pat he on the back and shake he hand as the croupier busily pay the line . he 's a winner . and it 's infectious . he 's go and " contaminate " the entire casino . the slot be ringing out of control . cheering . whooping . moan of delight . this much excitement threaten to take the fuck roof off . bernie just gaze around in amazement . if only Natalie could see he now ... bernie ( sotto ) Natalie ... this be you ... bernie take a thousand dollar in chip , toss it gently to the croupier . bernie for the boy . the entire crew stop for a moment out of respect . bernie notice . they all nod as the boxman lock up the tip money . stickman okay , we be come out . get you yo bet , c&e , any seven ... int . shelly office - that moment - night shelly sit alone in he office , nursing a glass of scotch , listen to some scratchy Chet Baker on the turntable . he look pre-occupy . almost melancholic . bernie 's assessment of he life have hit home . suddenly the door be throw open . it 's tony ... tony shelly , take a look at number 4 . int . casino - crap table - moment later shelly wander up slowly to find bernie at the center of the crowd . he step behind the table into the casino pit to get a closer look . shelly ( to the boxman ) how much be he up ? the boxman look up nervously . boxman around three hundred thousand . shelly mouth the word under he breath . shelly why do not one of you fuck geniuse call I ? boxman we try . you be not pick up . besides , it be bernie . the game resume . stickman alright . we be come out folk , hand high ... bernie stop . bernie wait ! everybody quiet down to listen . bernie Color I up a hundred fifty thousand . ( beat ) and give it to he . bernie point to shelly stand in the pit . the crowd watch the drama play out . bernie that 's what I owe you , shelly . there it be . we be square . ( to the table ) let it be know , bernie lootz life up to he obligation . the boxman color up a hundred fifty thousand in chip , lay they out on the table . he count it and clap he hand together for the camera . boxman one hundred fifty thousand , come in . shelly stand motionless . stare into bernie 's eye . the whole crowd watch . after what seem like a eternity , shelly nod . then the boxman feed the chip in with the other . a moment later , we can nary tell they be ever go . Larry appear next to shelly . nicky and marty watch from the sideline -- dour expression . larry what 's the matter with you ? he 's one of ours and he 's take we to the fuck cleaner . shelly lootz 's off the clock . as long as he 's off the clock , he 's free to play . just like every other schmuck in this joint . larry it smell wrong . I be shutting he down . he 's not leave here with a dime -- shelly suddenly jab Larry in the throat with the tip of he finger . Larry gasp , start to cave . shelly keep he upright , escort he to a nearby men' room . nicky and marty look on in amazement . int . men' room - night the door fly open , Larry catapult into frame . oof ! bounce off the wall . shelly 's right behind he . he drag Larry to he foot . slam he into the wall again -- get right up in he face . shelly now you listen real good , you Harvard turd . lootz be on the up - and -up . he leave here tonight with whatever he come out with . you so much as touch a hair on he head and I will fuck wallpaper this joint with you ass . mute tone , right ? ( slam he hard ) what 's that ? I do not hear nothing . wait a minute -- yeah , now I hear it . blend in at a subsonic level . some kinda mantra : pain , pain , pain . shelly headbutt Larry . it 's like the sound of a walnut crack . Larry slump to the floor . shelly take a deep breath . Control , control , control . he head over to the sink , wash he hand -- over and over . Larry moan in the b.g. shelly adjust he tie in the mirror . Control . int . casino floor - crap table - night shelly exit the men' room , make he way back to the crap table where bernie be . just in time to see bernie lay twenty five grand on the pass line . a waitress hand a drink off to bernie . he take a healthy swig . then pick up the dice . throw . stickman crap ace deuce ! line down ! the crowd gasp in horror as bernie 's twenty five grand be quickly rake in . he replace it with another stack of chip . the dice be push over to he . he rub the feel real gently before throw . then let loose the dice . all eye follow the dice . they hit the feel and bounce around behind a stack of chip . the stickman can not spot they . stickman call it . a croupier make the call as anxious player rubberneck to get a look . croupier twelve crap . the crowd groan again . it appear the streak be over . bernie look out over the feel . this be he moment of truth . he unload he entire rail and put it on the field . he yell out . bernie fifty thousand dollar ! the crowd chime in with every opinion under the sun . man ( o.s. ) on the field ? what be you fuck nut ? woman ( o.s. ) do not do it ! man 2 ( o.s. ) shake it , do not break it , baby ! the dice be slowly push over to bernie . the crowd be feel it . the entire casino be feel it . bernie let out a long soulful sigh . his whole life depend on the next throw and everyone know it . bernie rub the feel as usual and line up the dice to show a six and a six . he pick they up . bernie come on sixty -six ! lock eye with shelly -- then let loose . the dice fly from he hand . slowly , ever so slowly we watch they sail across the table . the entire table hold they breath in anticipation ... CUT to : ext . shangri -la HOTEL and casino - moment later - night bernie throw open the door , stumble out . his limp seem more pronounce . he wear a miserable expression . at the car bernie step up . open the door , slide in behind the wheel . int . bernie' car - night Natalie throw she arm around he ... natalie thank God ... I think for sure ... bernie just look at she . pale , mournful feature . natalie it 's okay , right ? you guy work it out . he take the three grand ? tell I it 's okay , bernie ? he do not answer . just start up the car ... int . shelly office - night on the surveillance monitor : the epidemic continue -- player win at every table . the shangri-la 's be wipe out . there 's no way they can cover this amount of win action . panning across to shelly . defeat . the phone ring incessantly in the b.g. shelly ignore it . Lou poke he head into the office : lou want I to get that , shelly ? shelly do not respond . he reach into he desk drawer for that bottle and a glass . be about to pour himself a shot ... fuck it . pushes the glass aside . take it straight from the bottle . the phone keep ringing ... on the scale model of the newly propose shangri-la . hold on it . wham ! a chair enter frame , shatter " paradise . " wider : shelly trash the model with a vengeance . kick the debris around the office . drenched in sweat , shelly stagger over to he desk . swat the empty gin bottle to the floor . pick up he disinfectant spray , give he desk one last wipedown . immaculate . stands , walk out ... int . bernie' car - moving - night we see the light of the city recede in bernie 's rearview mirror . once outside of the city limit bernie pull the car over . natalie what be you stop for ? bernie throw open he door ... bernie I think I be gonna ... throw up . and he do . it 's as if he 's choke up the entire city . everything that 's bad about it . finally , he pull himself back into the car . slam the door . Natalie touch he cheek , a reassure look in she eye . suddenly , he 's smile . he open he coat and a huge wad of cash tumble out . he throw it up into the air . Natalie almost choke with surprise . bernie Bahamas , here we come , baby . she throw she arm around he ... suddenly a explosion of light ! a flashlight . in the hand of a motorcycle cop . he rap on the window ... cop step out of the car please . bernie ( lower the window ) what 's the problem , officer ? the cop run the flashlight over the bundle of cash littering the car interior . cop just step out of the car , please . both of you . bernie and Natalie exchange unsettle look . the cop lower he hand to he gun . bernie nod at Natalie . they climb out . he direct they off to the side . shine he light in they face . bernie if my drive ... if I be go a little fast -- I be just over excited , officer . see , we just have a big win at the shangri-la -- cop you do not win nothing . the cop pull out he revolver , train it on they . intercut with : int . shangri -la underground parking garage - night shelly open the door to he cadillac . climb behind the wheel . his key be already wait in the ignition . who 's gonna steal shelly kaplow 's car , right ? shelly do not start she up . he just lean back in he seat , emit a deep sigh . he glance up at the rearview mirror . catch sight of a silhouette in the back . intercut with : ext . vega highway - night bernie and Natalie stare into the barrel of the cop 's revolver . Natalie clutches bernie 's arm . bernie nod . so there you have it . natalie oh Jesus , bernie , I know it . it be too good to be true . who be we kid ? cop get down on you knee . both of you . they look at he in shock . he gesture they to the ground behind bernie 's car . we CUT to a shot from the highway : just the cop stand at the tail - end of bernie 's car , Natalie and bernie hide from view . on bernie and natalie down on they knee . bernie place he arm around Natalie , pull she close to he . paralyze with terror , she still manage a bittersweet smile . bernie should be project fear , but there 's nothing but he overwhelming love for Natalie in he eye . it 's a two way current . this be they last moment together ; everything that need to be say be be transmit through a look . a look that say : no regret . intercut with : int . shelly cadillac - night nicky lean forward out of the shadow . shelly hold he gaze in the mirror . nicky just shrug . nicky the kid want you should know , shelly , he 's just protect we investment -- the old school way . see you around . shelly nod . he know the score ... a flash of steel appear against he head . muzzle strobe -- thup ! so long , shelly kaplow . ext . vega highway - night the cop loom over bernie and Natalie . cock he pistol . lower the gun to the back of bernie 's head . they appear oblivious to it . they be already in another place . sunning themselves in the Bahamas . the cop squeeze back the trigger . on bernie and natalie still look at each other . suddenly the pierce shriek of screeching tire ... follow by a reverberate , bone crunching -- wham ! -- and a gunshot . bernie and Natalie still stare into each other 's eye , not quite sure what 's just transpire . only that they be still breathe . they look around , startle to see the tail light of a pick - up truck about ten yard away . the cop , they would - be assassin , render road kill beneath the wheel . all this in the blink of a eye . Natalie clutches bernie 's arm . suppress a hysterical , shock - induce giggle . bernie just look dumbfounded . he stagger to he foot , rush over to the pick - up truck . the driver 's head be protrude through the shattered windshield . death - glaze eye . bernie feel for the man 's pulse just to be sure . shake he head . we see a dozen coor empty on the seat and floor of the truck . Natalie check the cop . likewise . bernie come over . they regard each other breathlessly . bernie he be drunk . it be just freak luck ... ( catch himself ... ) natalie do not give it a name , bernie . it scare I . all I know be , you be still run hot and that 's a good thing . but we be only winner if we keep go . no look back . bernie Lady luck , Natalie . I be call it . Lady luck . and we get it as long as we be together . they can not touch we now . he kiss she furiously . then drag she over to he car . they climb in . drive off . ext . vega highway / int . bernie' buick - dawn bernie 's buick racing into the sunrise . Racing toward the dream . bernie , eye fix on the road ahead , with the content smile of a man who have gamble on love -- and win . his prize , rest she head against he shoulder . the money , well , that be not half bad as well . a smoky , trumpet drive Chet baker-like piece accentuate the triumphant mood on the soundtrack , as we superimpose ... int . paradise lounge - night ...a little flash - forward into the future . Larry sit with a group of corporate type . larry gentlemen ... ( beat ) I thank you for you vote of confidence . as the shangri-la 's new director of casino Operations , I be gonna make a personal guarantee to each and every one of you . you investment in this casino will be well look after . the future look bright , gentleman . very , very bright . they raise they glass to he . congenial smile , one and all . smile that do not transcend to they eye . promise , promise . we will see ... dissolving back into ... int . bernie' car - moving - dawn starting tight on bernie and natalie speed away from Sin City , pulling out and rising above they ( helicopter shot ) as we superimpose stock footage of all the old school casinos be demolish . as we leave Vegas in the past ... a shangri - la lose forever . eulogize by Sinatra 's luck be a lady . fade out . the end