the bounty hunter written by Sarah thorp Sept 28 , 2007 first draft ext jersey CITY - day Dec 21st . clear sky , snow on the ground . cold as fuck . with the sound of laughter and music , we move in on : int newspaper office - day a office Xmas party in progress , not a pretty sight : tipsy receptionist laugh and spill drink on the rug , red-face reporter loosen they belt and burp cocktail weiner ... moving quickly through the party to a OPEN office door . arrive just in time for the door to slam in we face . int office - day a woman stomp back over to she desk and pick up she pen . meet cassidy daley ( dirty blond , strike , manic energy ) . ink - stain finger , notepad in every pocket : Cass do not have time for office party , she 's work . her door crack open and stewart ( almost as good look as he think he be ) appear , hold a kahlua bottle . cass I be work , Stewart . stewart come on , take a break . ( entice ) I have get kahlua ... Cass pick up a stapler and launch it at Stewart 's head . Stewart duck out just in time . the phone ring . answer : cass cassidy daley . talk to I . jimmy ( o.s. ) it 's Jimmy . tell I you love I . cass depend on what you get . jimmy ( o.s. ) I have get a confirm place and time . Cass be on she foot , excited . cass I love you ! so , when ? where ? 2 . jimmy ( o.s. ) you think I be gonna say this shit over the phone ? I could get kill . just meet I at the usual place . oh , and Cass ? this one 's gonna cost a extra hundred . click . he hang up . Cass drop the phone , grab she stuff . int newspaper office - day Cass race for the elevator , Stewart hot on she heel : stewart where ya go ? cass hooter . I go there for the hot wing . stewart please . nobody go there for the hot wing . you get a tip . cass you get a hundred buck on you ? Stewart consider this , then hand she 5 20' . stewart now be you gonna let I in on it ? cass sorry . no can do . I have to protect my source . stewart you know what ? we need to talk about we relationship . cass we do not have a relationship . we make out 3 year ago in the copy room . I be drunk . I be break - heart . I would have make out with the xerox machine . stewart yes , but you make out with I . cass I have to go . 3. she exit . he shout after she : stewart I want in on that story ! ext STREET / jersey CITY - day Cass drive like a maniac , do the one thing she love : tracking a story ... ext dunking donut parking lot - day moving in on - a beat - up honda civic ( jimmy car ) in the back corner of the lot ... int jimmy car - day jimmy ( 20' , goatee , Met baseball hat , nervous ) sit in he car , roll a cigarette while he wait for Cass . Jimmy put the cigarette in he mouth and pull out a lighter . just as he flip the lighter open , he front windshield explode . a man holding a tire iron ( mahler , heavyset , crew - cut , rarely speak , all business ) reach through the break window , and drag jimmy out of the car ... ext dunking donut parking lot - day Cass drive into the lot and pull up next to Jimmy 's car . cass hey , Jimmy , I ... she realize he be not in the car . then she sees the broken glass all over the driver' seat . cass Jimmy ? screeching tire behind she . Cass glance up and see jimmy baseball hat in the back window of a grey chevy . the chevy be racing out into traffic . Cass throw she car into reverse ... int cass ' car - day Cass try to follow the grey chevy , but get stuck at a red light . shit . she look around , decide fuck it , and hit the gas . her car leap into the intersection . siren . 4. Cass look into she rearview mirror : a patrol car be right behind her , signal for she to pull over . up ahead , the chevy be get away . Cass debate : pull over ? or follow the story ? no contest . she slam on the gas and her car surge out of frame ... ext STREET - day Cass ' car speed down the street , a cop car in close pursuit ... int cass ' car - day Cass be lose sight of the chevy . she race around traffic and be suddenly head straight for the side of a moving van . she panic , wrenching the wheel to the right ... ext STREET - day cass ' car jump the curb , cross a lawn , and skid to a halt on the front step of a church . the cop car race up and block her in . ext church - moment later Cass be out of she car now , argue with a cop who have she by the arm : cass let go of I , I be a reporter , I be warning you ... the cop pull she towards he squad car . Cass lean over and sink her teeth into the cop' hand . the cop scream . freeze frame . chiron : " 24 hour later " close on - a newspaper column with cass ' photo : windswept hair , head tilt coyly , smile that say " I be on top of the world . beneath the photo , the byline : " cassidy daley " . someone whistle " we wish you a merry Xmas " as a marker improve on the photo : moustache , buck - teeth , pimple . then a match enter frame , and sets the photo on FIRE . voice milo ! 5 . pull back to reveal : int crystal' bar / jersey CITY - late afternoon holding the flame photo , meet milo : rumple shirt , messy hair , look like he sleep on the floor . the bartender ( crystal , 50' , Eastern european ) scowl at he : crystal what do I say about the fire ? milo you say " please set fire in my bar " . wait , no , that 's not right . " please do not set fire in my bar " . ( off she look ) ok , jeez , you try to get in the holiday spirit ... he drop the flame photo to the floor , pour he drink on it , then grind it to piece with he shoe . crystal should not you be work ? milo that 's the beauty of my job , Crystal . track down idiot be something you can do pretty much anywhere . see , there 's one ... he point to a drunk draped over the jukebox , mournfully singing along to christina aquillera's " I am beautiful " . milo and there 's another one ... point to a woman try to rip a pay phone from the wall . milo and there 's ... glance at the tv , which be show live footage of a XMAS parade . look closer , recognize someone , groan : milo I do not believe it . that idiot . ( to Crystal ) save my seat . toss back he drink and split . 6 . ext crystal be bar - late afternoon milo climb into a cadillac : dent , patch of rust , crack windshield , bumper askew . rack to : half a block away , a dark sedan idle at the curb . int dark sedan - late afternoon the man behind the wheel ( dwight , large , babyface , metallica t-shirt ) eat a hoagie as he watch milo get into he car . dwight there you be , you dipshit . he take a last bite then toss the sandwich and pull away from the curb , tailing the cadillac . ext jersey CITY - late afternoon move in on - the parade we just see on tv . baton twirler in Santa hat . Men dress like reindeer , pull a sleigh . a boy choir sing " Joy to the World " , the kid dress like orphan that escape a Broadway musical . a beautiful scene , if you like that sort of thing . rack to - the cadillac , half a block away , cruise sideways into a spot just beneath a " temporary tow - away " sign . milo climb out of the car . shove he way through the crowd to the curb , crack open a can of pabst . milo do not like this sort of thing . he scan the crowd impatiently . meanwhile , the car that be following he park half a block away . dwight emerge and head for : milo , who have just find what he 's look for . the reindeer be pass he and he make eye contact with rudolph , who do a double - take . milo yeah , you . rudolph . come here , you fuck ding - do . milo take a step towards rudolph and dwight appear in milo' path , blocking he . dwight we have to stop meeting this way . 7. milo not now , dwight . dwight you owe my boss money . milo ( laughing ) hey , I owe everybody money . suddenly , dwight punch milo in the gut . milo double - up , gasp , then bring he head up quick , catch dwight on the chin . dwight go fly sideways and meet a police barrier face -first . ouch . the barrier tip over , knock over the one next to it . the rest go like domino . milo turn to see that rudolph have disappeared . then he catch sight of the antler , work they way through the crowd . milo lunge after he and rudolph drag other reindeer with he as he try to avoid milo . the sleigh flip . Santa tumble from the sled . package rain down on reindeer like shrapnel . all of a sudden , it's the XMAS from hell : bloody reindeer stumbling around , santa unconscious in the gutter , kide scream , parent panicking . meanwhile , milo be gaining on rudolph , who pick up one of the package and throw it . it crack milo in the head . just what milo have be wait for : milo ( beaming ) I be so happy you do that . milo tackle rudolph to the ground . around they , people scream and scatter . one boy burst into tear : boy that man be kill rudolph ! siren . uh-oh . cop swarm the scene , surround milo and rudolph , gun drawn . the lead cop ( gelman , short , over - zealous ) step forward : gelman release the reindeer ! release the reindeer ? milo look around . he 's get 8 or so gun point he way and rudolph gasp at he foot . milo start to laugh . Gelman bristle : gelman hand behind you head , asshole ! 8. milo take it easy , skippy , I be just do my job . milo flash he id . Gelman inspect it , roll he eye . gelman bounty hunter . figure . why do not you get a real job ? milo so I can be like you patrol boy and sit around all day with my thumb up my ass ? Gelman turn bright red . gelman what do you just say ? suddenly , a sergeant ( bobby , late 30' , obnoxious but likeable , milo 's ex-partner ) march onto the scene , take one look at milo and laugh . bobby milo boyd . I shoulda know . gelman sarg , you know this asshole ? bobby yeah . I know this asshole . guy use to be one of we . rack to - dwight , nose bleeding , melting back into shadow ... ext STREET - moment later milo drag rudolph through the crowd towards he car . Bobby follow , shaking he head , bemuse expression on he face . bobby look , milo , I know this be a tough time of year for you ... milo this be not a tough time of year for I . it 's Christmas . who do not love Christmas ? bobby ... and I try to be sensitive to you situation ... 9 . milo what situation ? be a man who work he own hour and have he freedom and life the high life ? bobby ... because I realize you be unhappy . milo unhappy ? be you kid I , Bob ? look at I : I be the happiest man alive . just then , they come to where milo leave he car . it's gone . Bobby squint at the huge " tow - away " sign : bobby that sign be pretty hard to see . and with that , milo lose it : milo aaahhh ! he rip the sign off the pole . stomp on it . kick it . tries to shred it with he tooth . hmm . he do not really seem like the happiest man alive . rudolph , to Bobby : rudolph take I to jail . please ? int bobby's car - early evening Bobby 's car be decorate with photo of he many child , all of whom look exactly like he , even the girl , poor kid . milo 's in front by Bobby , rudolph 's handcuff in the back . bobby ok , I get one for ya : why do not Santa have any child ? Cause he only come once a year and when he do , it 's down a chimney . rudolph snicker . milo do not . Bobby glance at milo . bobby so . have you talk to she lately ? milo talk to who ? 10 . bobby Katie couric , motherfucker , who do you think ? milo I have not talk to she in three year , why would I talk to she now ? bobby well , for one thing , so you can stop take out you rage on innocent bystander . rudolph ( piping up from the back ) talk to she , man . for real . milo reach back , gag rudolph with he own scarf . bobby do what you want . but this kind of shit will eat a hole in you intestine , you do not deal with it . ext police station / jersey CITY - early evening they pull up . milo exit the car , pull rudolph from the back . Bobby lean out . bobby hey , why do not you come by the precinct tomorrow for we Xmas bash ? milo I be not invite . I be not a cop anymore , remember ? bobby fuck that , I be invite you . milo I do not know , Bob . I be sorta busy . bobby that 's what I be worried about . ( sighing ) just ... take it easy , ok ? Bobby really seem worried , but milo wave he off . Bobby drive over , park by other cop car . get out , mingle with some cop . laughter , inside joke . milo watch from afar . 11 . rudolph you should go to that party , man . seriously . you need it . milo do I look like I need advice from a grow man in antler ? milo gag rudolph and drag he into the station . fade to black . over black : voice milo . hey. princess ... int sid be bail bond / jersey CITY - morning hazy piece : a tilting clock on the wall . a batter metal desk . file cabinet , spitting up papers . a man , sid ( wound sorta tight , milo 's best friend ) peer down at we : sid you be drool on my sofa . milo unstick he face from the leather couch , wobble upright . be the wall throbbing , or be it just he ? sid you do have a apartment , do not you ? with a bed of some kind ? milo grunt . sid hand he a coffee . sid Heard you shut down 5th Street yesterday . gave every kid in the county the gift of nightmare . milo hey , I be a give kind of guy . anyway , what do you care ? I bring you guy in , right ? milo hold out he hand , palm up . sid count money into he palm . ext sid be bail bond / jersey CITY - morning swear under he breath , sid be try to stuff a Xmas tree into the back of a station wagon . at least half of the tree be hang out of the back . milo drink a beer and watch . 12 . sid you gonna give I a hand , or just stand there kill you liver ? milo be that a trick question ? sid glare at he . milo sigh , put down he beer , and grab part of the tree . sid so I tell she , fine , I would handle Xmas this year . I mean , what 's to handle ? you buy a tree , some gift , cook a ham , hang some light . a idiot could do it . milo well , we will soon find out . sid check he out . sid you have plan for the holiday ? milo the usual . sid gonna drink some cheap whiskey and put you fist through a wall ? milo jealous ? the tree be definitely not go to fit . they let it go , and sid pull out a small hand see . sid then forget it . milo forget what ? sid I have get a open bond , but you thing sound like more fun . I will give it to Doug instead . sid start hack away at the tree . 13 . milo whoa . hold up , heidi . what the fuck . I want the job , I be in the hole . sid you be always in the hole . milo what 's you point ? sid ( sighing ) the truth be , I be not sure you be the right person for this job . it could be a total disaster . on the other hand , when one friend see another friend stagnating in he own filth , he have to do something , right ? milo hey . I just wake up . I be gonna shower . sid drop the see . with one final shove , the tree be in . phew . sid slam the back shut . sid ok . but remember : you ask for it . he reach into he pocket and extract a fold piece of paper . hand it to milo . milo unfold it , give it a quick look . a second look . a third . time stop . the whole STREET goe silent . milo no . sid yes . milo no . sid yes . milo no . sid be we do yet ? 14 . milo be this a joke ? because if it be , I be gonna have to kill you . sid it 's not a joke . milo she get arrest ? and then she jump bail ? sid apparently the whole thing start with some reckless drive , and end with she assault a police officer . milo give he a question look . sid ( explaining ) she bit he . milo snort . milo yeah . that sound like she . but here 's my question : why the hell do you post she bail ? sid hey , I know she dumped you ... milo whoa . she do not " dump I " . sid ( quickly ) ok , whatever , I ... milo no , not " whatever " . I dumped she . sid the point be , I be aware you guy have issue , but I be run a business here . a person need bail , I do not have time to check with you first . milo well , have you check with I first , you would not be out of a bond right now . 15 . sid I be not out of a bond if you go pick she up . it 's five grand to bring she back by 9 be , Xmas day . milo ( slowly ) you be tell I it 's five grand to go pick up my ex- wife and bring she to jail . ( beat ) on Xmas . sid you be a good listener . milo take a deep , calming breath . then he explode into whoops and holler . he throw himself into a snow bank and thrashes around . he do a Fred astaire around a lamp post . sid I take it you be interested . milo grab sid and pull he into a crush bear hug . milo I love you ! you be the best friend a guy could ever have ! sid ok , take it easy ... teresa ( mid 40' , overly make - up , pop gum ) poke she head out the front door : teresa sid , you get a DUI on line one . ( off they look ) what 's go on ? milo drop sid , grab Teresa , and give her a long , intense kiss . he release she . she stumble back a bit . teresa ok. ( beat ) can I have my gum back ? milo right . sorry . he reach into he mouth , extract she gum and hand it to she . she retreat back inside . milo beam at sid . milo you know what this be , do not you ? karma ! payback ! you know how they say " what go around come around " ? turn out it 's true ! ( more ) 16 . milo ( cont would ) ( check the paper ) that middle initial stand for Rhonda , by the way . she tell people it stand for " Rachel " , but that 's a lie . sid shake he head . sid I can not believe you guy break up over a stupid article . milo we do not break up over a stupid article . we break up because she be a cheating , manipulative liar . sid be you sure you can handle this ? milo why would not I be able to handle this ? sid let 's face it : you be not exactly rational around she . I mean , if I be a cop work a case and some reporter come snooping around , I would say " no comment " . not " no comment , but care for a cocktail " ? and then a month later , run off to some love shack call " caveman 's cabin " and tie the knot ? who do that ? milo that 's not even close to what happen . for one thing , it be call " cupid 's cabin " . and for another , that be before I know how connive she be . now I know . so all I have to do be track she down , cuff she up , and bring she in . ( check he watch ) and I have get , what , two day ? shit , man . easy as pie . famous last word . sid be regret he decision as he watch milo go dance down the street ... chriron : " dec 23rd . 9:00 am . 48 hour to go . " with the sound of multiple ringing phone , cut to : 17 . int warehouse / atlantic CITY - day quick tracking shot of lorraine ( 50' , bleach blond , build like a trucker ) , as she talk on the phone and pace the room , give we glimpsis of a major illegal bookie operation : tv screen everywhere , a huge blackboard posting odd , man on computer , several heavily armed private security guard ... lorraine ( into phone ) you tell he I know where he life . I know where he bimbo wife take she yoga class , I know where he idiot son shoplift after school , so he can pay I my money or ... she come to a sudden stop at : lorraine what the hell happen to you ? reveal dwight , the guy who try to collect from milo , sporting two black eye and a broken nose . dwight milo boyd . fucker head - butte I . lorraine ( not interested ) yeah ? do you get the money ? he do not . lorraine scowl . " luck be a lady " kick in : ext - day milo get he car out of impound . int barbershop - day milo get a cut and a shave . ext barbershop - day milo get he shoe shine . int milo' apt - day a freshly shower and shave milo pack for the job , sing at the top of he lung : 18. milo luck be a lady ... he put a empty duffle on the bed and start fill it : mace , pepper spray , taser gun , handcuff ... milo toooo .... niiiiight ! he stare at he collection and smile : milo ( to he weapon ) I tell you this day would come . milo zip up the bag . ext milo' apt - day milo toss the duffle in the backseat . he pull out the job sheet and inspect it . cass ' cell phone number be listed . pull out he cell phone , then hesitates . he glance around and see a pay phone across the way . pocket he cell phone and cross to the pay phone . ext STREET - day cass , expensive leather jacket , boot , dark glass , try to be incognito . hurrying towards she car when she see some cop exit a diner up ahead . she slip into a doorway , wait for they to pass , when she phone ring . she check it ( " pay phone " ) and answer : cass Jimmy ? split-screen nope , not jimmy . milo do not speak . Cass listen for a moment . she can hear breathe . what the fuck ? a evil grin cross milo 's face . Cass go pale . milo take a step forward . Cass take a step back . milo lunge and cass drop her phone and bolt out of frame . ext pay phone - day milo smirk at the receiver . 19 . milo you better run , you crazy bitch . int sid be bail bond be - day sid shut he door , then speak into he phone , low : sid yeah . he take the job . but if this thing go bad , I be blame you . he hang up . ext STREET - day milo sip from a coffee cup and watch : milo' Pov - the front door of a fancy brownstone . a woman with a toy poodle emerge from the building , struggle with the heavy door .. ext brownstone - day milo appear next to the woman and hold the door for she : milo Nice dog . very compact . the woman exit and milo enter . close on - panning shot past door : 301 , 302 , 303 ... int apt hallway - day milo stop in front of 303 , and knock on the door . milo candygram . no answer . milo glance around , then work the lock ... int apartment / live -room - continuous milo slip inside , pull the door shut behind he . it 's dark and quiet . he glide through the room , scoping it out . the place be huge , white rug and couch , flat screen tv . and lining the bookshelve be framed article , award , photo of cass with various public figure : the home of a successful and dedicated journalist . 20 . milo be halfway across the room when he realize he have leave a set of muddy print across the formerly pristine white rug . milo whoops . ext apartment / back door - day Cass enter frame . nervous look all around as she try the knob . surprise : the door swing OPEN . she hesitates . int apartment / live -room - day now there be footprint criss - crossing the floor , running up over the couch , etc . look like milo have a little field day here . he be take a closer look at the shelf : no photo of a boyfriend , family , pet : it's all work . he pick up one of the frame article with the headline " local reporter win award for breaking up 13th STREET drug ring " . there 's a photo of cass shaking hand with the a important - looking official . milo 's face cloud over . int apartment / kitchen - simultaneous Cass slip inside and the door swing shut behind she with a soft click . int apartment / live -room - day milo 's head whip around . someone's in the kitchen . Big grin as he replace the frame and draw he gun . a couple careful step across the room and a floorboard creak . int apartment / kitchen - simultaneous Cass startles . someone's in the live -room . grab a heavy saucepan off the stove . grip it like a weapon , soft -foot it towards the hallway ... int apartment / live -room - day milo reach the hallway entrance . position himself up against the wall , wait ... 21 . int apartment / hallway - simultaneous Cass tiptoe down the hallway , saucepan at the ready ... int apartment / live -room - day milo hold he breath . a shadowy figure step into the room . milo put he gun to they head : milo ` allo , love . rack to - the person's face . it be not cass , it's stewart . int apartment / hallway - simultaneous Cass take a breath and lunge ... int apartment / live -room - day ... swinging the pan , scream like a banshee : cass hiiiii - yaaaa !!! the pan connect solidly with a cat . cat go fly , bounce off wall , land on the coffee table , fang bare . cass whoops . so , if we do not know already : cass and milo be in different apartment . int cass ' apartment / live -room - day Stewart be try to explain himself to a skeptical milo : stewart ( poor liar ) ... so , I hear a noise in here and become concerned ... milo wrong . try again . stewart ok , the truth be she ask I to pick up she dry-clean ... 22. milo just wait . stewart ( cracking ) ok , ok , look , she 's work a big story that be suppose to be mine , and I want it back . milo consider this . milo you sleep with she , stu ? stewart ( turn red ) you mean , like , at this moment ? milo yeah , that 's what I mean . be you sleep with she at this very moment ? stewart we have a history , yes . milo a " history " , huh ? ( snort ) good luck with that . int jimmy apartment / live -room - day Cass try to coax the terrify cat out from under the sofa : cass here , kitty kitty ... suddenly the landlady ( as wide as she be tall ) pop she head in the door , startling Cass : cass aahh ! landlady you be not Jimmy . cass ( recover quickly ) oh. no. I be look for he . landlady under the sofa ? 23. cass maybe you can help . I be he girlfriend . landlady ( skeptical ) you be lakeesha ? oh. whoops . cass yes . that 's my name . lakeesha . landlady maybe I should call the cop . cass wait ! ok , look : Jimmy 's in trouble . landlady what kind of trouble ? money trouble ? drug trouble ? ( lower ) sex - change trouble ? " sex - change trouble " ? cass something like that . all I know be , he 's miss . landlady I have have a lousy week , too . my cousin Linda fall off a cruise ship . cass oh. I be sorry . landlady hey . a grow woman outta know how to swim . cass I hear ya . anyway . mind if I take a quick look around ? the landlady think this over . landlady Jimmy 's behind on he rent . I bet he girlfriend would want to take care of that . on cass - dammit . 24 . cass I bet she would . int cass ' apartment / live -room - day milo explain , as he poke around : milo the thing be , stu , she will make you think she 's interested in you , when really all she 's interested in be the case you be work on , because she want to launch she big hot - shot career . it be just dawn on Stewart : stewart wait a second : you be milo . she talk about you all the time . milo ( immediately interested ) really ? stewart oh yeah , dude . she hate you . milo turn a angry red . milo oh , she hate I ? stewart yeah . she say you be the most selfish , immature , stubborn ... milo ( interrupting ) I be selfish ? I be immature ? you know what ? forget it . I be not even gonna dignify this with ... whatever . stewart hey , man , I be on you team . milo no you be not , geraldo . I do not allow reporter on my team . milo toss some papers around on she desk furiously . 25 . milo and for the record : I be the one who hate she . just so that 's clear . he pick up the phone and check the last dial number : it come up " caesar' casino " . milo smile . milo ( to himself ) that figure . run home to mommy . milo erase the number , then head for the door . milo well , nice meeting ya , stu. stewart wait , where be you go ? milo I be go to pick up you girlfriend . but do not worry , if she ever get out of jail , I be sure you will be very happy together . milo exit . Stewart hurry to the phone and check it , but milo erase the number . shit. Stewart race to the window . stewart' Pov : milo exiting the build , head for he car . int jimmy apartment - day Cass be about to give up when she spot , peek out from the bookshelf , a plain envelope marked " cassidy daley " . she slip the envelope into she pocket just as the landlady appear : landlady time 's up . find anything ? cass nope . not a thing . landlady oh , well . do not worry , hon . he probably just go away for the holiday . ext atlantic CITY - day the sun sparkles off the casino window . it look fun . excite . a great place for the holiday . 26 . suddenly , the whole scene turn upside - down , and a man start to scream ... ext trump casino HOTEL room - day it's jimmy , be dangle off a 25th floor balcony by mahler , who barely break a sweat . jimmy ( panicking ) ok , ok , I tell one person about the Xmas Eve job , but she do not even have all the detail , I swear ! mahler let go of one of Jimmy 's foot . now Jimmy be hang by one ankle . he start to scream again . mahler gimme a name . int cadillac / jersey CITY - day milo get in , on the phone with sid : milo ... and this loser she 's dating look like he busy he clothes from kmart . split - screen : sid be at home , try to get the hack up Xmas tree to stand up straight . his 5 and 6 year old son beat on each other in the background . sid why do you care ? milo I do not . I just think it 's funny . sid hilarious . listen to I : you guy make a terrible couple . milo I know that . you do not have to tell I that . 27 . sid Relationships be not about competition , they be about compromise . milo you mean like when you wife want to do one thing , and you want to do another , and you compromise by do what she want ? sid exactly . now just get she here . Cause I can not afford to lose this bond . milo no worry . in fact , I already know where she be and I be gonna go pick she up right now . ext cadillac - day the cadillac pull away from the curb . rack to - a sky - blue hyundai , stewart crouched at the wheel . Stewart pull into traffic , following the cadillac . ext highway - afternoon the cadillac on route to Atlantic City , the Hyundai not far behind . voice milo boyd . ex - cop , current bounty hunter ... int warehouse / atlantic CITY - afternoon ray ( small , wiry , slightly dement - look ) read from he laptop while lorraine pace behind he , swinging a golf club . ray ... life in Jersey City , drive a 68 caddy . be in the hole on and off with we the past 3 year . we check he place , he hangout , no luck . 28 . lorraine this be no good . we let this guy slide , suddenly everybody think , hey , it 's the holiday ! all debt be cancel ! get the word out , I want this guy bring here so he can pay what he owe we , dwight can break something of he , and we can all enjoy we Xmas . Ray nod and pick up the phone . push though the window , across the CITY , and down to : ext caesar' casino parking lot - afternoon a half mile away at caesar be , milo be pull into the crowded parking lot . chiron : " 1:00 pm . atlantic CITY . 44 hour to go . " milo exit he car and head inside . stewart , feel super sly , pull up to a space near milo 's car , but another car slip into the spot . stewart that 's my space , you asshole ! ext caesar' casino dressing room - afternoon milo knock on the door . a woman in heavy makeup ( lois , Cass ' mother ) open the door , take one look at milo , slam the door shut . milo wait . after a moment , lois open it again . milo happy to see you , too . lois how dare you ... after what you do to my baby ... lois burst into tear and collapse into milo 's arm . milo ok . what say we do this inside ? int caesar' casino dressing room - moment later Men run around in gowns and feather boas . a completely recover lois sit by a make - up mirror , adjust a wig . stuck to she mirror be a photo of milo and cass , arm around each other , smiling . milo give the photo a dirty look . 29 . milo what happen to the pirate show ? lois I get sick of it . now I be a female impersonator . milo but ... you be female . lois that 's why I be so good at it . help I with this . she stand and wiggle into a evening gown . milo struggle with the zipper . milo where be she , lois ? I need to talk to she . lois oh , milo , where do it all go wrong ? do you have any idea what it mean to waste a woman 's child - bear year ? it 's criminal . every month she egg be jump out of she ovary like sailor abandon a sink ship . I mean , I know you be mad about that article ... milo I be not mad about that article . in fact : what article ? lois listen to I , milo : cassidy may be a strong independent woman on the outside , but on the inside she 's just a girl who want to be protect and love by she man . what happen between the two of you devastate she . milo devastate she right to the top . lois ( beaming ) she have do well , have not she ? ( more ) 30 . lois ( cont would ) I must admit , it make I proud to think that my little girl , whose only friend grow up be a imaginary orphan with a tin leg name Leslie , now get invite to tour the White House ... milo 's jaw hit the floor . milo she get to tour the White House ? now he really want to take Cass to jail . milo tell I where she be , lois . lois oh , who know . she be run around like a chicken with its head cut off , say she be on the biggest story of she career . Said she be go somewhere to think . milo think this over , then a grin break out on he face . ext caesar' casino parking lot - afternoon Stewart have finally find a parking space , and be exite he car when he see milo come out and jump into the cadillac . stewart dammit . Stewart hurry back into he car . ext atlantic CITY racetrack - afternoon stands mobbed with people , horse gallop down the track , dust rise in they wake . moving in on ... ext stand - afternoon surrounded by people cheer , cass be hard at work . notebook open , phone to ear , lap hold the plain envelope , rip open , content expose : a piece of paper that say : " atlantic CITY . XMAS eve . sparrow . " she have underline " sparrow " and make a list : " person 's name ? company ? Hotel ? casino ? " 31 . cass ( into phone ) no one with that name ? what about a casino ? nothing ? thanks . she click over to a income call , " private caller " : cass Jimmy ? split - screen : stewart , at the mobbed track entrance , lose and frustrated : stewart no , who 's Jimmy ? cass look , Stewart , I be busy . stewart ok. ( casually ) where be you , by the way ? I mean , exactly . cass I be in Miami , if you must know . I be on the beach building a sand castle and drink from a coconut ... someone tap she shoulder . she glance up and see : milo , sitting right next to her , grinning . she slowly close she phone , not bother to say goodbye . milo hello , Cass . cass hello , milo . a million different emotion cross cass ' face . surprise , anger , anxiousness . all the mix emotion you have when you suddenly run into the man who broke you heart . milo Fancy meeting you here . cass yeah . Fancy that . strange , charge moment as they look at each other . then they have a casual contest : 32 . milo how be you ? cass Fine . you ? milo swell . Nice day . cass Bright . milo brisk . cass crisp . milo invigorate . cass ( can not hold out anymore ) what be you do here ? milo smirk . milo " Building a sand castle , drink from a coconut " . man , once a liar , always a liar . Cass immediately stand . cass you know what ? I do not have time for this , I be work . she grab she stuff . milo block she with he leg . milo work ? hey , I too . cass congratulation . move you leg . milo do not budge . spell it out for she : milo what I do be , I track down criminal . people who jump bail . idiot who decide to go on the run after bite police officer . I find they , and I take they to jail . 33. Cass stare at he , eye wide : cass now , hold on just a second , milo ... milo tell you what : I will give you more than a second . I will give you 10 . for old time sake . milo move he leg , kick back , start to count . milo 10...9...8... Cass stare at he , she jaw work , try to decide what to do . then , all of a sudden , she bolt . milo smile . the loudspeaker announce : " and they 're off ! " ext racetrack parking lot - afternoon Cass jump into she car and turn the key . nothing . she try again , then hear soft laughter . milo be several yard away , her battery in he hand . milo Strike one . Cass leap from the car and run . int stadium - afternoon Cass run for the elevator . it open and people exit , revealing milo : milo Strike two . Cass turn heel and bolt . ext stadium - afternoon Cass race out , flagging a taxi . milo pull up : milo Strike three . get in . cass I be not go to jail , milo . 34 . milo I beg to differ . she head for the cab . milo exit he car , gun in hand . cass oh please . like you be gonna shoot I . milo nope. ( loudly ) I be gonna shoot a cab driver . head whip around in he direction . then every cab in the place goe off -duty . Cass stomp she foot , furious . cass Chicken shit . Cass march back over to milo . cass ok , look : let 's talk about this . milo ok . with that , milo sweep she up into he arm . and they find themselves face to face . breathing on each other . there lip inches apart . Cass stare at milo . be he gonna kiss she ? again , she feel weird . confused . cass ( uncomfortable ) listen , milo , I be not sure we should ... suddenly , milo dump her in the trunk of he car . cass hey , wait a minute ! he smile at she , wave , then slam down the lid . CUT to black . well , now she know exactly how she feel : furious : cass ( o.s. ) bastard . chiron : " 2:00 pm . route 9 NORTH . 43 hour to go " . 35 . and immediately : a phone ring . cass ( o.s. ) great . perfect timing . a match be strike , illuminate the trunk as Cass scramble for she phone . try to sound professional : cass cassidy daley . split - screen : close on - jimmy , head tilt back , tense smile on he face . pull back a little to reveal the gun mahler be holding under he chin . jimmy it 's I . Jimmy . cass ( exhaling with relief ) shit , Jimmy , I think you be dead . jimmy do not be silly . ( hurry on ) listen : you do not happen to go to my place and find that envelope I leave , do you ? cass I do , but I do not really get it , what 's " sparrow " ? jimmy it do not matter . do you tell anyone else about this story ? cass be you kid ? you think I want to share a story like this ? jimmy ok. good . Cause the truth be , there be no story . I make the whole thing up . so you should just drop it ... cass uh-uh , no way be you back out on I now , Jimmy . this story be way too good ... 36 . mahler nudge Jimmy . jimmy ( quickly ) where be you ? cass I be at the Atlantic City boardwalk . actually , I be in the trunk of my ex - husband 's car . Long story . more importantly , where be you ? jimmy I be ... click . mahler disconnect the phone . on cass - she stare at she phone . uh-oh : cass Jimmy ? hello ? suddenly , music kick in and we hear milo singing at the top of he lung : milo ( o.s. ) deck the hall with bough of holly , fa la la la laaaa ... int cadillac - afternoon now milo really be the happiest man alive . he pull out he cell phone , dial : split - screen : Teresa remove she gum , stick it on she mouse - pad , answer : teresa sid 's bail bond . milo guess who 's in my trunk ? teresa be that some sort of pervert innuendo ? who be this ? milo aw , come on , Teresa , you know it 's I . put sid on . 37 . teresa sid 's busy shopping . ( snort ) he think he can handle Xmas . milo ok , just tell he I get she and I will be back in 2 hour . I want a bonus for bring she in so quick . teresa yeah ? I want a bonus for get through the holiday without stabbing anyone with a fork . milo do not be such a pessimist . you still have time . his phone beep . it's cass calling from the trunk . milo gotta go . I get another call . he click over . milo Tina 's thai massage ! where every end be a happy one ! split - screen : Cass roll she eye . cass you be disgusting . let I out of the trunk . milo hmm. nope . by the way , you boyfriend Stewart 's be follow I . unfortunately , I have to ditch he at the track . cass why be Stewart ..? ( realize ) and wait : who say he 's my boyfriend ? milo aw , do not be embarrassed . this thing happen . you be drunk when you guy hook up , right ? Cass turn bright red . she be drunk when they hook up . change tactic , she try to flatter he : 38 . cass you know what , milo ? I should not have run from you like that . I be ... I do not know . you catch I off-guard . the truth be , I be kind of in some trouble and I could really use you help . milo bad news for you , then . I would not help you if you be the very last baby sea turtle in the world , drag its tiny weak body across the burn hot sand while sea gull circle overhead . I would just pull up a chair , sip a pina colada , and let nature take its course . Long beat . suddenly , cass start to sob . loud , hysterical sob . milo listen for a moment , out of a purely clinical interest , then : milo hey , I use to be a sucker , but no more . you can cry till the cow come home , for all I care . Cass instantly stop cry and slam she phone shut . CUT to black . then , the sound of a trunk open , and we be inside a car trunk , looking up at : mahler . ext trump casino parking lot - afternoon mahler reach into he trunk and remove he handgun . check the cartridge , pocket the gun . slam the trunk shut . he climb into he front seat , and as he pull out of the lot , we see cass ' newspaper photo that have be ripped from the paper , on the passenger seat . int cadillac - afternoon milo drive along happily hum when , suddenly , a SMALL trail of smoke drift over he shoulder . what the hell ...? he glance into the rearview mirror and : smoke be pouring out of the trunk ! milo Holy shit ! ( call out ) hey , um , Cass ? ( no response ) cassidy ? 39 . still nothing . milo jerk the car to the right , and slam on the brake . ext cadillac - afternoon the car screech to a halt on the embankment . milo leap out of the driver 's door and race to back , fumble with he key . smoke continue to pour out of the trunk . milo it 's ok , hang on , I be come ... get the key in , pop the lid and see : cass , handkerchief over her nose , pack of flaming match in hand . Cass toss the match and handkerchief , and punch milo in the ball . milo groan and crumble to the ground . Cass jump out of the trunk and stand over he : cass you know something , milo ? you be one of the most gullible ... bam , milo grab she ankle and jerk and Cass hit the ground . next thing you know , it's wwf time , the two of they rolling in the dirt . milo get she pin , but Cass grab he ear and twist : milo aaaahhh ... he pull she arm behind she back ... cass ow ow ow ... ... and she jerk she head back , smacking he in the nose . milo Son of a ... he get she in a bear hug ... cass aagh ... ... and she bite he . milo ow ... 40 . finally , he have she on she back , trapped . he get he face right over hers and start to let a glob of saliva fall from he mouth toward her face . cass noooo ! uncle , uncle , uncle ! milo collapse onto the ground next to she , laugh . she look at he and she start laugh too . cass dirty fighter . milo I ? I be the dirty fighter ? they both laugh harder . then milo stand and offer she a hand . she take it , and he help she up . awkward pause as they look at each other . cass should we ... I do not know ... hug , or something ? milo sure . what the hell . he open he arm . she move closer . they hug . milo feel she hand move towards the gun in he belt . he smirk . click . he snap some handcuff onto her wrist . cass hey . I have to try , right ? milo get in the car . int cadillac - afternoon they be drive along , both a little dishevel , one of cass ' hand cuffed to the passenger door . they pass casinos as they head out of Atlantic City . cass you windshield 's crack . milo thanks , Captain obvious . Cass turn to inspect he more closely . 41 . cass and you look like shit , milo . what have you be do , sleep on the floor ? milo have be sleep on the floor . milo I enjoy sleep on the floor . matter of fact , I love sleep on the floor . I love everything about my life . great job , good friend , hot girlfriend ... cass you have a girlfriend ? milo ( he do not ) yes I do . Cass be skeptical : cass really ? what 's she name ? milo ( the first name that pop into he head : ) Teresa . rocking hot body . like to cook pasta for I and perform strip - tease . cass wow . be she miss a chromosome ? milo oh , she have all she chromosome , believe you I . Cass think this over , then counter : cass well , my life be great , too . milo I can tell . you and Stewart make a great couple , by the way . you and I make a terrible couple . but you two ? like peas in a pod . about to deny that she and Stewart be a couple , it occur to Cass : milo seem a little jealous . she jump on this : 42 . cass you know what I like about Stewart ? milo I can not imagine . cass he 's not you . milo not even on he best day . cass or he worst . milo I will bet he have a lot of that . cass still betting , huh ? milo you can not win if you do not play . cass or , in you case , even if you do . he shoot she a sharp look . she stare back , wait . milo I win all the time . cass really ? I have not notice . ok . that be definitely a challenge . milo you know what ? see as how I be about to come into five grand ... milo make a sudden turn off the highway and pull into the parking lot of bally casino . milo I think I will do a little betting right now . cass do not you have to take I back ? milo please . I have two day . a monkey could get you back in two day . 43. again : famous last word . milo exit the car . Cass smile to herself . this be obviously what she hope would happen . she glance around , spot the duffle in the back seat . peeking out of the top of the duffle be the taser gun . hmm ... ext cadillac - afternoon milo open she door . cass be not you afraid I will get away ? milo nope . he uncuff she from the door , cuff her to he own wrist . ext highway - afternoon Stewart be head back to the city , cursing he bad luck , when he happen to glance over and see milo and cass heading into bally casino . stewart damn , I be good ! he make a quick turn off the highway and into the bally 's parking lot . int bally casino - afternoon the clerk at the chip cage recognize milo as he and Cass approach : clerk merry Xmas , Mr boyd ! behind the clerk , a female clerk perk up at this name ... clerk what a nice surprise ! let 's hope you luck be better today . milo glance at Cass . milo ( quickly ) sure , if there 's such a thing as better than great , which be how my luck have be lately . great . 44 . clerk ( awkward ) oh. yes sir . of course . my mistake . while the clerk be count out chip , we notice behind he the female clerk picking up the phone ... int warehouse - late afternoon lorraine on the phone , listen intently . then she hang up , grin . lorraine the idiot just show up at bally 's . dwight ( quickly ) I be on it . lorraine uh-uh . not you . ( call out ) ray . ray appear next to she . lorraine go get this asshole . Ray crack he knuckle , smirk at dwight , and exit . int bally blackjack table - late afternoon milo sit at a blackjack table , pull Cass into a seat next to he . milo prepare to observe the master . he bet while Cass sit next to he , scheme : cass ok , how about this : she use she free hand to pull out she wallet : cass if I give you all the cash in my wallet , will you let I go ? milo hmm. lemme see ... 45 . he take the cash from she and think for a moment . milo nope. guess not . milo add she cash to he bet on the table . milo ( to the dealer ) hit I . cass I would really like to . the dealer deal the card . dealer Dealer win . cass Nice go , master . milo quickly lay out some more money . a waitress ( smell like a ashtray ) appear : waitress and for the couple over here ? milo ( quickly ) we be not a couple . cass ( just as quick ) why would you think we be a couple ? milo we use to be together . back when I be young and foolish . cass and I be confuse . milo and I be slumming . cass and I be drunk . the waitress look back and forth between they . 46 . waitress ( bore ) great story . I have to get back to work now . milo wait . Champagne ! I be celebrate . the waitress roll she eye and leave . milo turn to see he have lose more money . milo ( under he breath ) Son of a bitch . ok . Cass have have enough of this . she lean closer : cass look , milo , the truth be ...my Mom be in the hospital . milo perk up . milo oh ? Old lois not feel up to par ? cass she might be really sick . that 's why I have to jump bail . milo ( overly sincere ) take care of she , huh ? put aside you career for a love one ? golly , that 's so you . " golly " ? Cass stare at he , realize : cass you have already be to see she . milo impressive . no wonder you get all that award . so lemme guess : the real reason you jump bail be cause you be on a story . Cass narrow she eye : cass Stewart . Stewart tell you . 47 . milo ( caught ) I would have figure it out on my own , trust I . cass I would not trust you if you be the last man alive . milo you think about that much ? I be the last man alive ? be I naked in this fantasy ? Cass take a deep breath . this be get she nowhere . but she be clearly hesitant to give he the real story . cass ok , you be right . I be on a story . a very important story . it just so happen that I be possibly about to uncover a whole ring of dirty cop . milo snort . cass what ? milo please . be not the whole " dirty cop " thing kind of old ? maybe you should do a story about something people be interested in . like internet porn . or lesbian . cass I be serious , milo . this be gonna be big . and here 's what I be willing to do ( magnanimous ) : I be willing to credit you in the article . milo oh , sure , like you credit I in the 13th Street article ? Cass stare at he . cass why on earth would I have credit you ? I work my ass off for that story . milo that 's one way of put it . 48 . cass what 's that suppose to mean ? milo forget it . I do not want to be in you article . in fact , I would rather eat a bowl of break glass than have my name in any way associate with one of you lousy article ... cass Fine . forget I mention it . milo I already have . cass I mean , you be not a cop anymore , right ? what do you care if people be murder ? milo please . nobody be murder . cass just my source . milo ( suspicious ) oh yeah ? how ? bullet to the back of the head ? cass well ... milo dumped in a reservoir ? cass ( flustered ) I do not know . milo car accident ? cass ok , ok , maybe he be not murder yet . but I would not be surprised if ... milo break out into loud guffaw . Cass be furious . 49 . cass maybe this whole thing sound like no big deal to you ... milo you know what it sound like ? it sound like you be go to jail . Cass can not believe this . cass milo , listen , you have to believe I , come on , you know I ... milo ( get red ) exactly ! I do know you . which mean I know you be a deceptive , cold - heart bitch who be go to jail where she belong . wow . that be pretty harsh . Cass look at he , stunne . they stare at each other in silence . the waitress arrive with the drink : waitress Champagne . so . what be we celebrate ? cass ( grimly ) I have to use the bathroom . waitress alrightee , then . cheer . ext bally casino parking lot - late afternoon Stewart tap he steering wheel restlessly , watch the door of the casino for sign of Cass and milo . wait in this parking lot be boring . finally , he exit he car . sidle over to milo 's car . check the door handle . it's unlocked . Stewart glance around , then climb in . int bally casino bathroom - late afternoon Cass enter and milo follow : cass can I have some privacy , please ? 50 . milo check the room . look like there be no escape from here . he uncuff her , but then : milo I be gonna have to frisk you . cass get it over with , then . milo check she pocket . her ankle . her leg . he go behind she and check she shoulder . her back . he reach around and check she belly . milo you gain a little weight ? cass ( snap back ) you lose a little hair ? milo reach higher and : cass yeah . right . I be hide a weapon in my breast . milo back off , turn red . milo make it quick . he exit . as soon as he be go , cass pull milo' taser gun from her cleavage . int cadillac - late afternoon Stewart be rummage around inside milo 's car when he look up and see : ray , stand there , smile at he . stewart shit , man , you startle I . ( beat ) can I help you ? ray night-night . suddenly , Ray grab stewart' head and smashes it into the steering wheel , knocking he out cold . ext casino bathroom - late afternoon milo check he watch , then rap on the door . 51 . milo you almost do in there ? int casino bathroom - late afternoon Cass squint at the taser gun , try to read the tiny instruction label on the side : cass " put open end in direct contact with skin . Press button ... " milo ( o.s. ) hello ? ok , that 's long enough , I be come in ... he come in and she jam the taser gun into he neck and hit the button . he scream and hit the floor . she scream , drop the taser gun , and flee . ext casino - late afternoon cass run out , bang into someone ... cass sorry ... ... and keep go . she hurry to the curb and try to flag down a ride . rack to - several yard away , the person she bumped into be staring after her . it's mahler . mahler compare she to the newspaper photo he be hold . yup : that's her . Cass glance around , keep a eye out for milo , and spot mahler staring at her . suddenly , he start head towards she . Cass back up slightly , nervous . who be that guy ? voice need a lift ? Cass look around . a trucker have pull up next to she . relieved , she quickly climb on board . rack to - mahler , watching the truck pull away . he do not seem worried . he turn and head for he car . int truck - late afternoon Cass be fix she hair , pull herself together . 52 . cass he say we make a terrible couple . which be true . I know that . I be the one who think that first . I be the one who come up with that . the fact be , I do not want to be with someone who can not admit he be wrong . driver so you be available . Cass look at he . he smile coyly . cass available for what ? driver I have a waterbed in my trailer . cass I hope you do not think you be tell I something that interest I . driver you know what I want for Xmas ? the driver mouth something at she we can not see . Cass lean over and smack he as hard as she can . ext highway - late afternoon the truck screech to a halt by the side of the road . Cass get boot out the passenger door . the door be slam shut behind she . Cass give the guy the finger as he drive off . she turn to see a car head she way . she start flagging it down . but wait ... yup , it's milo . shit . she look around , but where 's she gonna go ? meanwhile , as milo near , he seem to be speed up . Cass stare . he keep come , a evil look on he face . it look like he be go to run her over . she turn and start to run . int cadillac - late afternoon milo be laugh . milo you better run . 53. ext field - late afternoon Cass run into a field . milo drive off the road and follow . he get she cornere by a pen . he look triumphant . she scowl . then she throw open the pen , revealing a huge bull . now she look triumphant . he scowl . CUT to - bull ram into milo' car , slamming milo' face into the steering wheel . cass laugh . the bull turn and notice cass for the first time . CUT to - bull chase cass . milo laugh . cass run for the car . milo lock the door . cass hey , it 's lock ! milo ( grinning ) I know . the bull be speed there way : cass open the door , you son of a bitch ! finally , milo open it . she dive into the car and slam the door just before the bull ram into the side of the car . Cass and milo watch , stunne , as the bull look at they for a moment , then topples over , unconscious . milo and Cass hear a strange sound , and look over to see a SMALL herd of bull , getting ready to charge . cass uh-oh ... milo hit the gas and they flee the scene , the herd of bull in mad pursuit . cass and milo be both now laughing hysterically ... chiron : " 5:00 pm . route 9 adjacent . 40 hour to go . " int warehouse - early evening lorraine wave dwight over . lorraine Ray 's get something to show you . ray merry Xmas . 54 . Ray throws open the bathroom door to reveal : a very disgruntled stewart , handcuffed to the toilet . Stewart blink up at they , disorient . lorraine hand dwight the golf club . lorraine pick something and break it . stewart whoa , wait just a minute ... dwight whack stewart in the shin with the club . stewart scream . lorraine feel better ? dwight you know , I do feel better . ( beat ) who be this guy , anyway ? lorraine and Ray stare at he . lorraine milo boyd . dwight that 's not milo boyd . ray he be in milo boyd 's cadillac . they all look at Stewart , who moan in pain . lorraine both of you go this time , and make sure you get the right guy . I do not have time for this shit . ray and dwight exit . stewart what about I ? lorraine consider he for a moment , then slam the bathroom door in he face . int cadillac - early evening milo and Cass be back on the highway , both look a little worse for wear . milo 's nose be swollen , Cass ' clothes be muddy . 55 . milo move he weapon from the duffle into he own jacket while he drive . he smirk at Cass . cass clever . ( note all the weapon ) wow . you be gonna use all that stuff on I ? milo a guy can dream , can not he ? now he jacket be full of weapon . he turn he attention back to the road . Cass study he profile . cass ok , look , milo , let 's just clear the air , ok ? so maybe it be a mistake , think we could be involved while work on the same case ... milo hey , I know it be a mistake . do not think you be tell I something I do not know , cause you be not . cass ( deep breath ) ok. Fine . but can we just put aside we difference for two second ? because back at the casino , I think I see someone follow I . milo sure that be not I ? cass I do not think so . this guy be lack you trademark smell of booze and kfc . milo ha ha . milo surreptitiously sniff himself . cass anywho . if this dirty cop have my source hostage somewhere ... milo start to laugh . Cass flush : cass what 's so funny ? 56 . milo you think dirty cop be try to kill you ? look , I know you think you be hot shit and everything , but I be pretty sure the only one around here who might want to kill you be I . Cass sees a dark chevy in the rearview mirror , get a look at the driver and go pale . cass oh no . milo what ? cass behind we . it 's he . the guy I see back at the casino . milo glance into the mirror , check the guy out . milo yeah ? he do not look like a cop to I . cass ( freaking out ) speed up ! milo would you just calm down for a second and ... cass no !! Cass kick a leg over and slam her foot onto the gas . the car leap forward ... milo Jesus christ ... milo try to push she foot off the gas while they wrestle for the wheel . the car doe a crazy zig - zag back and forth ... milo listen , you maniac ... cass milo ... 57 . milo ... let go ... cass milo ... milo ... no one be try to kill you ... cass milo !!! she point past he . milo turn to see mahler drive beside they , gun pointed at milo' head . milo shit !!! they both duck as mahler start fire . glass shatter all around they . milo pull out he gun and start firing back ... ext highway - early evening both car veer wildly from lane to lane as milo and mahler FIRE at each other ... close on - the cadillac' rear tire , as it goe flat from a bullet ... int cadillac - early evening milo grip the wheel as the car start to drag and lose ground . Cass be hunch over in the passenger seat , excited and frighten at the same time . mahler pull alongside they again and milo wrench the wheel to the leave , slamming the cadillac into mahler' car . mahler 's car go skid across the road , hit a ditch and flip onto its side . ext highway - early evening the cadillac speed away , leave mahler 's car behind . ext highway - early evening the cadillac be park on the shoulder , milo change the tire , Cass stand by the passenger door , still handcuff , excite : 58 . cass I tell you they be try to kill I ! milo yeah , well , no one 's kill you until I get you to jail . Cass whip she head around to look at he : cass you be still take I to jail ? but it 's the cop who be after I . milo first of all : that guy be not a cop . second of all , we just leave he unconscious in a ditch . you will be fine . cass but ... this be important ! this be my job ! milo and this ... ( point between they ) be my job . cass milo , you do not understand what 's go on ! milo roll he eye and straighten up . milo I will lay it out for you : some loser with a minor sheet call you up and say , hey , I have get a big story for you , you interested ? it will only cost you a couple hundred buck , and I will tip you onto some criminal activity , it 's you chance to expose some bad guy and write the story of you life . then the moron get himself catch , he 's probably in cold storage somewhere , and now you think the bad guy be after you . ( beat ) see ? I get it . I just do not care . milo finish with the tire , throw the jack in the back , and head back around to the driver 's seat . 59 . Cass watch he closely , get a idea . she reach into she pocket and pull out the paper from Jimmy . cass ( casually ) if only I know exactly when and where this deal be go down . course , if I can not figure out that part , then you definitely can not figure out that part , because we both know I be much smarter than you . milo flinch , then force a laugh . milo please . my brain can dance circle around you brain . cass I do not even know what that mean . milo case close . cass ( shrugging ) Fine . guess we will never know . milo hesitates . then decide : fuck it . he stride around the car and snatch the paper from she hand . he read : milo " Atlantic City . Xmas eve. sparrow . " what 's " sparrow " ? cass I know you could not figure it out . milo ( quickly ) it 's a business . cass no. milo casino . cass nope . milo stripper ? 60 . cass I do not think so . what kind of strip bar have you be go to , anyway ? milo stare at the paper , wrack he brain . Cass sigh loudly and snatch the paper back . cass oh , well , forget it , I know you could not do it . milo please . I could crack that story and still get you to jail on time . cass oh yeah ? Cass stare he in the eye and say the magic word : cass wanna bet ? milo stare at she . she stare back . Long beat . milo 's face be red . he clenches he fist . he unclench they . fuck . he thrust out he hand : milo you be on . they shake . milo I have to make a call . he start to walk away . cass hey . be not you go to uncuff I ? milo why ? you go somewhere ? cass um...no . milo then you do not need to be uncuffed . 61 . int cadillac - moment later Cass sit in the passenger seat and watch in the rearview mirror while milo pace behind the car , on the phone . cass ( to herself ) asshole . ext cadillac - early evening milo be talk to sid : milo so there 's just gonna be a little delay ... split - screen : int mall - early evening sid 's at the mall . on Dec 23rd . with all the other desperate , last - minute shopper . in other word , he's in hell . sid I do not get it . why be you help she ? milo but that 's the beauty of it , sid , I be not help she , she only think I be help she . sid yeah ? if you be not help she , what be you do ? milo notice Cass watch he and turn he back slightly . int cadillac - early evening Cass narrow she eye : cass ( to herself ) what be he up to ? ext cadillac - early evening milo be make this up as he go along : 62 . milo I will tell you what I be do : I be gonna crack this case first , and I be gonna take all the credit . who know , maybe I will even get my job back .... sid you be so full of shit . you do not want you job back . you just want to prove you be smarter than she be . milo ( instantly heat ) I be smarter than she be . I would have crack that 13th Street case way before she do if she have not ... sid ... cheat , right , I know , you have tell I a million time . do it ever occur to you that a normal couple would not compete the way you guy do in the first place ? sid spot what he be look for . so do another last- minute shopper . they both reach for the toy . milo this from the man currently try to prove to he wife he can handle Xmas . sid ( instantly heat ) I can handle Xmas ! sid wrench the toy from the other shopper . milo just .. trust I , ok ? sid do I have a choice ? milo nope . milo hang up and get in the car . 63. ext cadillac - early evening the cadillac pull a u-turn and head back toward atlantic CITY . chiron : " 6:00 pm . route 9 south . 39 hour to go . " milo ( o.s. ) so. Atlantic City . Xmas Eve ... ext hotdog stand - evening milo busy a chili dog while talk to Cass who stand next to he , handcuff . milo ... so what exactly be this dirty cop suppose to be do ? cass stealing evidence from property room . then destroy it , for the right price . milo stare . cass what ? milo nothing . it 's just ... it 's a good idea . if it be not , you know . wrong. ( continue ) so. you plan be to catch they red-hand before they can destroy the evidence , then write a expose for the paper and win yourself another big award . cass something like that . milo only , you do not know what sparrow be . ( think ) could be a nickname . or the place where the evidence be stashed . or a code word of some kind . but the guy who know have go miss , and you think the dirty cop get a hold of he . 64 . cass ( nodding ) when Jimmy call earlier , someone else be there . and they disconnect the call . milo be stare at she . milo so we find you source , we find the dirty cop . gimme you phone . she hand it to he . milo check the record of income call and smile . cass what ? bobby ( o.s. ) milo ! merry Xmas ! split - screen : ext paddy wagon - evening Bobby talk into he cell phone while supervise a parade of hooker be load into a van : bobby here 's one : why do the snowman pull down he pants ? Cause he hear the snowblower be come ! milo funny . listen , Bob , I need a favor . bobby anything . milo I need a address to go with a phone number . but I need it asap . kinda get a guy on my tail ... ext garage - evening a tow truck be pull up , towing mahler 's car . the tow truck driver turn to mahler , who be in the passenger seat : tow truck driver the garage be close for the night . guess you will have to wait till tomorrow . 65 . mahler think this over , then smack the driver across the face with the butt of he gun . the driver crumple in he seat . mahler guess not . mahler lean across he , open the driver 's side door , and boot he out of the cab . ext highway - evening the tow truck be drive away from the garage . int cadillac - evening milo climb back into the car , hold a piece of paper with the word " trump casino , room 2504 " on it . he grin at Cass . cass pretty proud of yourself , ey ? milo hey . you be a reporter . great . but I use to be a cop . let 's face it : I be naturally gonna be one step ahead of you . cass ( under she breath ) you be not last time . milo whip he head around : milo what do you say ? cass I say you be do a great job . ext highway - evening the trump casino on the strip , come into view ... ext trump casino - evening milo pull into the crowded parking lot and check the cartridge of he gun . beside he , Cass be bubbling over with excited energy : 66 . cass ok , here 's what I think we should do : I will go up first , Jimmy know I , so if anything 's wrong I be sure he will give I a sign ... milo excellent plan . oh , except you be stay in the car . milo exit the car . cass ( shouting after he ) but ... it 's my story ! but he be already head for the casino entrance . he wave at she and disappear inside . cass asshole . int trump casino - evening milo glide through the casino , past the blink light of the slot machine , head for the elevator . a drunk guy in a Hawaiian shirt be come towards he and he and milo collide ... milo ( steadying the guy ) you ok ? my bad . drunk guy watch where you be go . ( under he breath ) prick . the drunk guy continue past . milo hold up the room card key he have just swipe from the guy : milo ( call after he ) merry Xmas to you , too ! int trump casino 25 th floor - evening the elevator ding and milo exit . he turn a corner and head down the hall . another elevator ding behind he . milo continue down the hall . suddenly , he stop and look behind he . no one be there . 67 . he turn another corner and find 2504 . there be a " do not disturb " sign on the door . he goe past it and tap lightly on 2505 . milo room service . no answer . he glance down the hall and see a slight movement . someone be watching he . he move away from the door , continue down the hall , then slip into the ice machine room ... int ice machine room - continuous milo hit the light switch off and wait just inside the door . someone step in , and milo grab they and throws they against the wall . the person scream . milo slap a hand across the person 's mouth and switch on the light . and find himself face to face with : cass . milo what the ...? he look at the handcuff dangle from she wrist , still attached to the car door arm rest . milo ( loud whisper ) what the hell be you do ? cass ( same ) it 's my story , I do not break storey by stay in the car ! milo yeah , well , ( be : the armrest ) you be pay for that . cass oh , ok . here 's a nickle . suddenly , milo go still . there be a creaking SOUND as someone creep down the hall . milo put a finger to Cass ' lip . then he peek out the door . milo' Pov - the cleaning cart be slowly wheeled down the hall by the maid . the may stop by a room and enter . 68 . milo perfect . ( to Cass ) play along . int hallway - evening milo pass the may 's cart , glance at she room record sheet , then continue on to room 2505 . he use the card he swipe on the door . of course , it doesn't work . milo ( loud ) godammit . Son of a bitch . the may peek out into the hall . milo ( to Cass ) this be like the third card they have give I ... cass ( play along ) take it easy , honey ... milo do not tell I to take it easy , now we have to go all the way downstairs again ... Cass look pleadingly at the may . maid what 's the name ? milo davenport . room 2505 . the may check she chart , then cross the hall and use her pass key to OPEN the door . milo you be a angel . milo and Cass go inside . int room 2505 - evening milo close the door carefully behind they , then tiptoe across the room to the connect door , Cass close on he heel . all be silent . 69 . cass ( whispering ) wait a second : where 's my gun ? milo ( same ) I do not know . where be you gun ? cass I do not have one . milo then you have answer you own question . milo tiptoe closer to the door . Cass pull on he sleeve . cass come on , give I something . you have get , like , a million weapon in the jacket . she reach for he jacket , and milo pull away . milo hey . this be not toy . you can not just give they to someone and have they know how to use they . cass I seem to remember do just fine with you taser gun . they be at the door . milo put a finger to he lip and try the doorknob : locked . he be about to work the lock when they hear scream coming from the locked room . no time to do this quietly . milo take a step back , then kick the door in ... int hallway - evening halfway down the hallway , the maid hear the door be kicked in . nervous , she back away , head for the elevator ... int room 2504 - continuous milo quickly enter the room , gun raised . the scream be coming from the tv . milo click it off and check the room . the place appear to be desert . he cross to the bathroom and peer in : empty . 70 . meanwhile , Cass have cautiously enter the room and see spot on the rug : cass oh , god , be that blood ? milo hey. columbo . wait by the door . cass I be just try to ... milo this could be a crime scene . there be clue all over this room that only a train eye can find . and as I seem to recall , you be the one who be unable to figure this out by herself . oooh . Cass grit she tooth . cass ( under she breath ) he be unbelievable . milo who be you talk to , you imaginary friend Leslie ? cass ( blushing ) hey . lot of kid have imaginary friend , despite what my mother believe . milo whatever . you wait by the door . and I will handle this . cass ( pissed ) Fine . she move back to the door . as she do , she notice a matchbook on the floor : it be a GREEN matchbook with a black silhouette of a horse . cass so you be say you do not want my help . milo I be say I do not need you help . 71 . cass ( shrugging ) ok . as he turn away , she slip the matchbook into her purse . milo catch this movement out of the corner of he eye and glance back : milo what be that ? cass ( innocently ) what be what ? milo do you find something ? cass how could I find anything ? I be not the detective . milo lemme see you purse ... milo take a step closer to she , but : voice freeze ! Cass and milo turn to see a HOTEL security guard in the doorway , excitedly pointing he gun at they . milo roll he eye . guard Hotel security ! stay where you be ! milo ok , ok , no problem . you be probably gonna want this . milo hold up he gun . guard ( panicked ) drop the weapon , now ! milo take it easy . I be just gonna unload it . milo drop the cartridge , then toss the gun right at the guard face . 72 . the guard instinctively raise he hand and milo charge he , tackle he to the ground , then handcuff he to the table . milo grab Cass hand and race from the room . int hallway - evening Cass and milo run up to the elevator . all car be rising : back - up be on the way . milo hit the fire alarm and pull Cass into the stairwell ... int stairwell - evening milo and Cass be almost to the bottom , when security appear in the stairwell beneath they . milo look up . security be coming from above , as well . shit. milo crack the stairwell window and peer out : they be 4 stories up . milo you be gonna have to jump . cass I can not . milo consider this , then pick she up and toss her out the window . ext trump casino - evening Cass scream as she fall . milo fall next to she . they fall and fall and boosh : they land in a snow bank and tumble to the ground . second later , they be on they foot , running for the car . bobby ( o.s. ) ok , so some guy you be look for have disappear . you want I to put out a all - point on he ? int cadillac - evening milo and Cass be speed away from the trump casino . milo ( into phone ) the thing be , Bob : Cass think dirty cop might be involved . 73. split - screen : int police station - evening Bobby be in he office . his door open onto the squad room , busy with police activity . Bobby sit up straighter in he chair . bobby whoa , whoa , whoa . you be with cassidy ? shit , milo , you know when you be around she you brain turn to mush . milo yeah , well , that do not change the fact that someone take a couple shot at we . beat . bobby you get a plate number ? milo happen too quick . but it be a dark 4 - door chevy , blue or grey , New Jersey plate , and the car be wreck , I know that . Bobby think this over . bobby ok. lemme look into it . see what I can find . just hold tight , ok ? milo check he watch . milo ok . but we be kinda on a clock here . bobby milo , do not fuck around with this . if there be dirty cop in the house , we all have a problem . so do I a favor : get off the strip , find somewhere to lie low and wait for my call . 74 . ext back of trump casino - evening the scene have calm down a little . a dark sedan appear and ray and dwight exit the car , look like a a ugly , dangerous odd couple . a employee slip out the back door and hand Ray a photo from security of milo and cass in the casino parking lot . dwight snatch the photo from Ray . dwight yeah , that 's he . ray who 's the chick ? dwight who give a fuck ? anyway , they can not be far . it 's true . they be not too far . they be : ext off route 9 - evening a luxurious , romantic b&amp ; B. Xmas light winking on the tree , " come all ye faithful " gently wafting out the oak front door . chiron : " 9:00 pm . route 9 south . 36 hour to go . " the whole scene look beautiful , peaceful , romantic ... cass ( o.s. ) ok . kill I now . pull back to reveal milo and cass , park in front . reveal the sign next to they : " welcome to cupid be cabin " . yup . the place milo and Cass run off to and get marry 3 year ago . milo I be sorry , it 's the only place I know off the strip . cass I be not go in . what if they remember we ? milo they will not remember we . why would they remember we ? just ... try to act normal . 75 . int luxury b&amp ; B - evening a small , family - run , luxury bed and breakfast . the kind of place that pride itself on its service . dawn ( long , gray hair , glass , moccasin ) greet they with a smile : dawn can I help you ? ( realize ) wait , it can not be ... she look behind she at a bulletin board . at photo of all the happy couple who have pass through she . and find : a photo of milo and cass , arm around each other , drinking champagne , cass showing off a engagement ring . dawn ( to the back room ) Edmund , come quick ! a bald man in flannel come out , take one look , and clasp both hand to he chest . edmund be still my beat heart . milo ( low ) look like they remember we . cass ( same ) ya think ? edmund what a lovely surprise . it 's be , what , 3 year ? milo and Cass both try to downplay : milo have it ? cass I do not really remember ... dawn ( realizing ) and you come back ! to celebrate you anniversary ! cass oh , no . no , no ... 76 . edmund what a honor for we ! cass actually , we be not ... dawn you know what ? in light of this special special occasion : it 's on the house ! before Cass can protest more , milo grab her arm . milo honey ? can I talk to you ? he pull she slightly aside . milo ( low ) you have any money ? cass ( same ) no , as you recall , I give you all my money at the blackjack table ... ( realize ) you blow all the money ! milo hey ! I would have win it back if someone have not taser I in the bathroom ! cass so . use a credit card . milo mine 's max would . lemme have yours . cass mine 's max would too . ( off he look ) what , I like to shop . they give each other a horrify look as they both realize what this mean . then they turn back to the couple , put they arm around each other , and smile : milo / cass it 's we third anniversary ! dawn / edmund congratulation ! 77 . milo / cass thanks ! milo and Cass snuggle closer . he surreptitiously squeeze she ass . she surreptitiously stomp on he foot . int luxury b&amp ; B dine -room - evening full of couple in love . Young couple , old couple , gay couple , straight couple . even a dog couple snuggle up by the fire . and then there 's milo and Cass , bruise and dishevel , be serve a elaborate romantic meal . they smile uncomfortably as Edmund arrive with a tray of oyster : edmund to begin : a little aphrodisiac ! he give they both a broad wink . milo ( grimly ) wow . cass ( same ) great . edmund so tell I : how have you manage to keep the romance alive all this time ? milo well , I will tell you , Edmund . the secret to we success be that the little woman here know she place . she clean for I , cook for I , and every night when I come home she get down on she knee and massage my foot . he beam at Cass . Cass grin through she tooth . cass yes , Edmund , it 's true . I massage he foot to help he feel like a man . it 's important , especially when you husband have such a teeny tiny ... just then , Dawn hustle over , interrupt : 78 . dawn how be everything ? be it like that magical night 3 year ago ? cass uh-huh . milo yup . you betcha . dawn this call for a toast ! she raise a glass , tapping it with a spoon . milo and Cass both groan under they breath . dawn ( to the room ) May I have you attention please ? Edmund and I would like to share with you the most romantic moment we have ever see . it be three year ago today , in this very restaurant , when this lovely young man here , right in the middle of the meal , throw down he napkin , get down on one knee , and say marry I , right now , right this second , I want to go to sleep tonight know you be my wife ! edmund ( jump in ) and she say yes , with tear in she eye and a tremble in she hand , let 's get marry , and they run out to the all night chapel and come back a hour later , man and wife ! the whole restaurant start clap . milo turn to Edmund : milo can I get a whiskey ? cass make that two . int luxury b&amp ; B hallway - night milo and Cass stumble down the hall , laugh hysterically , fall down drunk . 79 . milo after we break up , I be so mad at you , I tell everyone I know you have herpes . cass I tell everyone you flunk out of 3rd grade . milo I tell everyone you have a moustache . cass I tell everyone you like to wear my panty . milo hey ! this one be obviously true . both laugh harder . int luxury b&amp ; B honeymoon suite - night milo and Cass stagger in , blink hazily at they new surroundings . a heart - shape bed . Champagne . a bubble bath . a fireplace . the work . like cupid throw up in here . the laughter slowly fade . Long beat . then : cass wow . this would be really awkward if we still have feeling for each other . which we do not ... milo that 's right . luckily , we be different people now . we do not feel the way we use to . cass right . we have move on . milo we have no feeling about each other whatsoever . milo just two people who use to know each other . cass two casual acquaintance . 80 . milo feel good , do not it ? cass feel fantastic . milo a platonic relationship . work together . cass helping each other . milo trusting each other . which remind they : they don't trust each other . awkward pause . then : cass well . mind if I shower ? milo lady first . Cass disappear into the bathroom , close the door behind she . beat . then milo hurrie over to the door and listen . int luxury b&amp ; B bathroom - night cass be pressed on her side of the door , also listening . she reach over and turn on the shower . int luxury b&amp ; B honeymoon suite - night as soon as milo hear the water , he hurrie over to the bed where cass left her purse . he start digging through it . meanwhile : int luxury b&amp ; B bathroom - night Cass be seat on the toilet lid , hunched over her phone : cass ( low ) hey . it 's I . mom ( o.s. ) sheryl ? 81 . split-screen Mom be at a gay bar , have a cocktail . cass no , not sheryl. cass. ( beat ) you daughter . mom Jesus Christ , where the hell be ya , Niagara Falls ? cass no . you be not gonna believe this , but : I be at cupid 's cabin with milo . mom ( gasping ) oh my god ... cass Mom ... mom I always know you two would ... cass Mom . we be not back together . Long beat . mom why the hell not ? int luxury b&amp ; B honeymoon suite - night milo be look through Cass ' purse . he know she be hiding something from he at the casino . while search through she wallet , he suddenly stumble across a wedding photo of himself and cass . huh . he glance at the bathroom door . she carry they wedding photo around ? int luxury b&amp ; B bathroom - night Cass listen while Mom rant : 82. mom I mean , I just do not get it , you be in this romantic place , you have a perfect opportunity to win he back ... cass why should I have to win he back ? he should have to win I back ! and who say I want he back , anyway ? mom I have never understand this competitive streak of yours ... cass ( lose she patience ) look , the reason I call : I remember you work at this one place where they have this bright green match with , like , this silhouette of a horse on they ? mom ( immediately defensive ) that be a long time ago ! and all I do be serve drink ... cass I just need to know the name of the place . mom charley 's . and ok , I admit , maybe I do a little dance , but how often do you make 200 a hour in tip ? cass I gotta go . mom I want grandkid ! Cass hang up . she sit for a moment , stare at she phone . be she mother right ? be she make a mistake right now ? she look around the bathroom . candle , flower , thick robe . a bottle of champagne chill by the heart - shape tub . she slowly stand and check herself out in the mirror , brush back she hair with she hand . suddenly , on impulse , she grab the bottle of champagne and two glass . what the hell , why not ? 83. they be here , maybe they should seize the moment . she peek out the bathroom door and see ... int luxury b&amp ; B suite - night milo , digging through her purse , finding the match ... milo ( to himself ) sneaky bitch . int bathroom - night Cass be disappointed and vindicate all at once . she put the champagne back . cass ( to herself ) sneaky bastard . int luxury b&amp ; B suite - night milo hear the water go off . he pocket the match , toss the purse away and lie on the bed , strike a casual pose . Cass emerge . milo good shower ? cass the best . milo great . cass you know what 's great ? trusting each other . milo I agree . he hold up the handcuffs : milo time for bed ! music kick in : " Silent night " . 84 . int luxury b&amp ; B suite - night snow be falling outside . pan from the window , across the room to the bed , across a snoring milo to cass , eye close , hand cuffed to the headboard . suddenly , cass ' eye SNAP OPEN . she sit up a little and glance over at milo' night table where he left the keys and gun in plain view . she smile ... int luxury b&amp ; B suite - ten minute later Cass be do a slow , careful , acrobatic climb across milo' body in a attempt to reach the gun without waking milo up . she put a hand on the headboard . she be lift she knee over he , when he stir . she freeze , wait for he to settle . it 's like play twister , only if the person you be play with find out , he's go to kill you . she manage to get herself straddling he , arm stretch , the gun almost within reach , when : milo Excuse I . Cass freeze . milo what be you do ? she look down . milo be watch she , wide awake . hmm . this be go to be a tough one to explain . cass um ... milo be you try to seduce I ? cass ( swallowing ) yes . yes I be . she try to reach for the gun while they talk . milo ( innocently ) I do not know you be still so attract to I . I mean , I remember how you use to like to greet I at the door in nothing but a ... 85 . cass ( interrupting ) yes , it 's true , I be still attract to you . her hand be grop around blindly , where the fuck be it ? she stretch more , bring she face even closer to milo 's . milo really ? wow . that 's great news . you know what would be really sexy right now ? uh-oh . cass if we both just go to sleep ? milo no . if you talk dirty to I . the gun seem to be get father away . there lip be almost touching now ... cass ok. ( in a sexy voice ) sewage . mold. rotting carcass ... milo no , I mean , tell I about you attraction to I . cass um ... I can not stop think about you . milo really ? what part of I ? cass just ... all of you . milo be specific . Cass blushes fiercely . if she do not want that gun so bad ... milo ( helpfully ) my great hair ? my chest ? or ... something lower like ... he reach down and whip out : 86 . milo my gun ? the gun be in he hand . that 's why she could not reach it . he know what she be up to this whole time . she flip off he and back onto she side . milo sit up , flipping on the light . milo I know I could not trust you ! cass I know I could not trust you ! milo when be you gonna tell I about the match you find back there in the hotel room ? cass when be you gonna tell I you have no intention of help I with my story ? milo ( shrugging ) you be right . I be not help you . this be my story now . this time I get to come out on top ! karma , babe . k-a-r-m-a. karma .... cass oh my god , would you get over it already ! so I crack the case before you do , it be 3 year ago , it happen , stop be such a baby and move on ! milo oh I be move on . you know how I be move on ? by crack this case before you , then take you in so you can spend this Xmas in jail , all alone . he roll over , turn he back to she . Cass stare at the ceiling , fume . ext charley be - dawn a strip club on the boardwalk . moving in on the back door ... 87 . int charley' storage room - night Jimmy , tie to a chair , watch nervously as mahler take evidence box that be stacked along the wall and move they onto a mover' dolly . jimmy so this be you place , huh ? Nice . cozy . probably more fun to sit where you can actually see the dancer , but ... mahler have all the box load up . he grab a rag and approach Jimmy . jimmy oh. hey , listen , no need for that , I swear I will be as quiet as a mouse . mahler gag he , then punch he in the face . jimmy slump over . mahler I know you will . mahler grab the dolly , flick off the light , and exit out the back door . int luxury b&amp ; B dine room - day chiron : " 2:00 pm . route 9 NORTH . 19 hour to go . " Cass be in a booth , handcuff , she mouth set , she face grim . no more Mr Nice guy . she be scheme she way out . rack to milo , several pace away , on the phone with teresa , keep one eye on Cass : milo I be just curious . split - screen : Teresa at she desk , sip eggnog . teresa no , I do not keep my ex 's photo in my wallet . sid pass through , kid in tow , and carry a huge , tangled ball of XMAS light . sid look like he want to put a bullet through he brain . 88. Teresa mouth " milo " . sid pick up the other extension . sid what 's the problem now ? milo no problem ... teresa she keep they wedding photo in she wallet . he want to know what that mean . sid it mean she 's madly in love with you . milo really ? sid no , you idiot , it mean she have not clean out she wallet in 3 year . I be pretty sure I be still carry around a condom from 1987 . ( to one of the kid ) Son of a bitch , Jeremy , do not eat thing you find on the floor . teresa I think it mean she love he . milo really ? Cause it do make I wonder ... sid why do you care ? listen to I : you hate this girl , remember ? you drank yourself out of a job over this girl . milo I quit my job . sid you be fire . milo I quit by get myself fire . teresa be you sleep with she ? 89 . sid Teresa , get off the line . I know I should have send doug. milo , do I a favor . do not call I again until you get she to jail . click . sid hang up . milo turn to see Cass conferring with dawn . milo ( to himself ) shit . int booth - late morning milo join Cass . re : Dawn : milo what be that about ? cass nothing . I have she add mayo to you burger . I remember you like that . milo glance at Dawn and she nod in confirmation . milo oh. ( surprised ) thanks . milo take a bite from he burger and consider Cass . milo ok , look : I know you be probably upset that you be not gonna get the story . but a person can not win every time , right ? cass depend on the person . milo whadya mean ? cass well , if the person you be refer to be you , I agree : you can not win every time . suddenly , milo get a funny look on he face . cass ( innocently ) what 's wrong ? 90 . milo ( choke a little ) this burger ... cass one day stuff like that be gonna kill ya. ( pause ) who know ? maybe even today . milo my tug ... be thwell ... ( gasp ) I tink dere might be sesame ... cass yeah , I have she add that with the mayo . be that bad ? oh wait , you be violently allergic to sesame . whoops . my bad . milo' face be turning bright red . he gasp for AIR . he slowly slide off he chair onto the floor . Cass calmly reach across the table , take he key and unhandcuff herself . car key in hand , she bend down to whisper in he ear : cass you know what that be ? " karma " . oh , and , I will get the story . watch I . ... and head for the door . cass ( into she phone ) 911 ? yeah , there 's a guy here about to go into anaphylactic shock . better hurry . int cadillac - day Cass drive along , on the phone with 411 : cass yeah , " charley 's " . ( listen ) on the boardwalk ? great . thanks . int luxury b&amp ; B parking lot - day next to a ambulance , milo be unconscious on a stretcher . a emt prepare a huge syringe , pick a spot on milo 's chest , then plunge the needle into it . 91 . milo jerk up on a gurney , gasp for air . emt relax . that be a adrenaline shot . milo I do not believe it . she try to kill I . the emt exchange a look with the ambulance driver , then help milo off the stretcher . emt no one try to kill you , buddy . you just need to be more careful about what you eat . milo thanks . great tip . he check he watch , then pull out the GREEN matchbook : milo know where this place be ? emt sure . charley 's , on the boardwalk . and just fyi : when they say " do not touch " the dancer , they mean with with any part of you body , not just you hand . the emt fold the stretcher , load it into the ambulance , and they drive away , leave milo in the parking lot . milo ( call after they , sarcastic ) thanks for the ride , by the way . milo start try handle of park car until he find one that 's open and slip inside . ext atlantic CITY boardwalk - afternoon Cass pull up , park in a lot , and instantly spot charley' GREEN sign with the black horse silhouette , squeeze between a burger place and a souvenir shop . she slip out of the car , take a careful look around , then work she way towards the club . 92 . int charley be - afternoon Pov of the front door , open a crack , cass peeking in . cass ' Pov - women dancing , men drinking . seedy and cheesy at the same time . Cass think this over , then slowly let the door swing close . ext back of charley be - afternoon Cass find the back entrance . the door be bolt . she be look for a window to climb into , when she spot jimmy met ' hat on the ground . shit . Cass stare at the hat : jimmy be here somewhere . she press she ear up against the back door : cass ( softly ) Jimmy ? suddenly , she hear groaning coming from inside . or grunt . like someone try to call out through a gag . she look around . there be a window higher up on the wall . Cass drag a trash can beneath the window , stack another one on top of it , and cautiously climb up . the window be lock and she can not see through it . hmm. fuck it . she take she purse and smashes a pane of glass . she wobble on trash can and grab the windowsill just as the can fall away , leaving her dangling . int charley' storage room - afternoon Jimmy be stare nervously up at the break window . he can see hand and can hear someone cursing under they breath . the top of a head appear , then a face : it's cass . relieved , Jimmy start gesture excitedly for she to come in . Cass climb in , drop to the floor , hurry over to Jimmy and ungag he . jimmy untie I , quick , that psychopath be gonna be back here any second ... ext back of charley be - moment later Cass peek out the door , then gesture for Jimmy to follow . 93. ext atlantic CITY boardwalk - afternoon Cass and Jimmy be hurry to the cadillac ... int cadillac - afternoon Cass and Jimmy climb in ... cass so what the hell be " sparrow " ? ... but before Jimmy can answer : dwight ( o.s. ) I have a better question ... Cass look in the rearview mirror . shit : dwight and ray be in the backseat , pointing gun at the back of there head . dwight where the fuck be milo ? Jimmy almost burst into tear . jimmy you know what ? I think I will get a real job . work at kinko 's . or Burger King . that do not sound so bad anymore ... ray ( interrupting ) hey . who the fuck be you ? jimmy nobody . ray right . so what the fuck be you do in this car ? Jimmy glance back at they . do they mean he can just ...? dwight ( spelling it out ) run , you jackass . Jimmy give Cass a quick look ( " sorry " ) , then exit the car and take off running down the boardwalk . cass can't believe it . she drop she forehead into the steering wheel in despair . 94 . ext highway - afternoon milo be drive along in a steal volvo , cable hang under the steering wheel from where he hot-wire it . he be just come up on the boardwalk when he phone ring . milo ( answering ) what do you want , you crazy bitch ? int charley be - afternoon Cass be seat in a booth with dwight and Ray . into phone : cass what kind of asshole run up a gambling debt with a bunch of neanderthals ... ray that 's not what I tell you to say . Ray grab the phone away from she . into phone : ray as you can see : we have you girlfriend . cass ( loudly ) and I be not he girlfriend . milo oh , she 's my girlfriend alright . but fair be fair : you guy can keep she . click . Ray stare at the phone . in disbelief : ray I think he hang up . cass he what ? dwight ( grab the phone ) gimme that . 95 . ext atlantic CITY boardwalk - afternoon milo be pull up . see charley 's . then sees he own car . he glance around : cass must be around here somewhere . his phone ring again . milo hello , lucky 's libation ! split - screen : dwight try to explain : dwight look , milo , I do not think you understand : we be gonna hurt she . milo hear music coming from dwight' end . dance music . sleazy music . unmistakably strip -club music . he head for charley be . into phone : milo oh , I understand , alright , and I do not blame ya . I want to hurt she all the time . Cass grab the phone from dwight . into phone : cass milo , listen , they be not kid , ok ? int charley' - continuous milo slip inside and scan the room . he sees cass in a booth across the room with dwight and ray . into phone : milo ok. Fine . say you be wrong . Cass hesitates . into phone : cass for what ? milo for what ? for poisoning I with sesame and almost kill I ! beat . 96 . cass ok . maybe that be not the best ... milo say you be wrong . cass I could have find a more mature ... milo say you be wrong . cass I be possibly out of line ... milo say you be wrong . cass ( blurt out ) ok , ok , I be wrong ! milo ok. now . admit that the only reason you be able to crack that case three year ago be because you look through my file . Long pause . cass what ? milo I think I will hang up now ... cass ( quickly ) ok , ok . I look through you file . be you happy ? milo thrill . now tell they I will be there in 20 minute . meanwhile , stop shifting in you seat like that and just tell they you have to use the bathroom . Cass sit up straighter . wait a second , he 's here ? milo do not look around . just do it . click . he hang up . 97 . close on - the booth . cass you boy mind if I use the lady room ? int bathroom - moment later Cass enter . milo be behind the door . he slam the door close after she be in , and block she escape . milo you know what my mistake be ? I never should have let you out of the trunk . I be fine , by the way . the doctor say I may have be technically dead for a few second , but I be fine now . Cass be not impressed . she stare at he coldly . cass so that 's what you really think ? that I steal information from you ? milo it 's not what I think , it 's what I know . how else do you beat I ? cass ( as though to a 5 year old ) do it ever occur to you that I just might be good at my job ? milo stare at she . huh . it actually do not occur to he ... cass that 's what I think . you know what , milo ? you be a even bigger asshole than I previously suspect , and you deserve everything that 's happen to you . ( beat ) and everything that 's about to happen to you . " about to happen " ? milo be just start to realize ... milo you would not ... cass ( scream ) milo boyd be in here ! 98 . Son of a bitch . the bathroom door shoot open and dwight and ray enter . they back milo into a corner . Cass smile at milo , wave , and exit . ext charley be - afternoon Cass come fly out of the club and run right into : mahler . he take one look at her and push her back inside . int bathroom - afternoon dwight and Ray be frisk milo , take away he array of weapon . dwight wow . you always carry this much gear ? milo only during the holiday . int charley' - continuous milo be push out of the bathroom , and come face to face with cass . mahler appear from behind her , take one look at milo and point he gun at milo' head . mahler remember I ? dwight what the fuck ? dwight step forward from behind milo , and point he gun at mahler . mahler react , shifting the gun to dwight . ray step up , gun pointed at mahler . momentary stand -off . stuck between the bad guy , milo and cass give each other evil look . a half - naked dancer appear : dancer lapdance ? everyone look at she . she be just realize ... dancer maybe I should come back later ... 99 . ... when milo and cass simultaneously make there move , cass stomping on mahler' foot , causing he to loosen he hold on her , milo slamming he elbow back onto ray' abdomen . ray' gun goe off as cass and milo both hit the floor . mahler react , firing at ray . dwight fire at mahler ... total pandemonium . Girls scream , patron run for the exit . mahler and dwight both get hit . milo crawl over to a moan dwight and recover he gun . he look up in time to see cass disappearing out the front door . ext boardwalk - afternoon milo come out . the boardwalk be packed , cass be lost in the crowd . milo raise he gun in the air and fire . people duck and scatter revealing cass , climb into the cadillac . siren ... int cadillac - afternoon Cass jump into the car and hit the gas . she be pull away , victorious , when there be a SOUND on the roof . milo' face appear , upside - down , in the windshield , grinning . cass get off the car , milo . he give she the finger . cass get off the car , you psychopath . milo oh , I be a psychopath , and you know why ? Cause you make I that way . and if I be go crazy , I be take you with I . he reach a hand through the driver 's window , grab at she . Cass scream , squeeze she eye shut and hit the gas . more siren , rapidly approaching ... 100 . ext highway - afternoon the car be weaving crazily , milo sliding back and forth across the roof ... int cadillac - afternoon Cass open she eye . milo be halfway in the passenger window . cass aahhh !! milo aahhh !! milo fall into the car , grab at the wheel . they fight for control of the car as it go spin off the road ... ext tree - afternoon the cadillac skid wildly , completely out of control ... int cadillac - afternoon they wrestle for control ... milo let go ... cass no , you let go ... int cadillac - afternoon tree ... rock ... snowbanks ... ditch ... finally , milo manage to slam on the brake and the car skid to a halt just inches from a cliff . silence . ext boardwalk - early evening cop everywhere , dwight and Ray lean over the hood of a squad car , be handcuff , mahler unconscious on a stretcher . a bystander be talking to a cop , describe : 101 . bystander it be a old cadillac , this crazy girl drive , and the guy be like , on the roof ... int cadillac - early evening chiron : " 6:00 pm . above the atlantic ocean . 13 hour to go " . Cass and milo both just sit there breathe for a moment . then milo turn and glare at Cass , and the look on her face say she know exactly what' coming next : ext trunk - early evening cass be back in the trunk . milo wave goodbye and slam shut the lid . immediately , he cell phone ring . milo glance at it , then reluctantly answer : milo yeah ? split - screen : Bobby , ocean in the background , furious : bobby what the fuck be you do ? I think I tell you to lie low . milo I be lie low ... bobby yeah ? then how be it that a statewide all - point be just put out on the two of you ? milo ( sighing ) it 's a long story . bobby ok , look , you guy better come to I , I will protect you till we figure this out . can you get to pier 19 ? milo look around . he can just make out pier 19 in the distance , a mile or two away . 102 . milo yeah . ext pier 19 - evening milo and Cass drive up in the cadillac and park out of sight . they exit the car and look around . the pier seem to be desert . then they hear a soft motor , and bobby appear in a motorboat . bobby get in . ext ocean - early evening the sound of a motorboat chugge along . int motorboat - evening Bobby be at the back of the boat , steering . Cass and milo be up front , explain : cass so , this guy have a bunch of steal evidence stashed somewhere in Atlantic City ... milo and we think they be ditching it tonight . a SMALL yacht appear on the horizon . Bobby steer the motorboat towards it . milo and cass turn to look as the yacht come into view . and at the same moment , cass and milo make out the name on the side of the boat : " sparrow " . bobby ( casually ) you know , if I be they , I would store the evidence on a boat , drive the boat about 30 mile out , and blow the whole thing up . Cass and milo both slowly turn to find bobby pointing a gun at the two of they . off milo 's disappointed look : bobby hey , man . I get mouth to feed . 103 . milo aw . that 's what all the dirty cop say . Bobby quickly frisk Cass , and frisk and disarm milo . he steer the boat one - hand up next to the yacht and cut the motorboat engine . milo make a sudden lunge for Bobby and bobby crack he over the back of the head with the butt of the gun , sending milo sprawling to the back of the boat , right on top of the motor . milo struggle back up to a seat position . bobby you have always be such a stubborn asshole , milo . you just do not listen . all you have to do be stay where I tell you and none of this would have happen . now the two of you be gonna have to go down with the boat . int hull of yacht - evening chiron : " 11:00 pm . atlantic ocean . 10 hour to go " . pan past pile of evidence box full of everything imaginable : gun , videotape , drug , etc ... pan past a pile of explosive wrapped with cable and attached to a timer , counting down : " 1:59 , 1:58 , 1:57 ... " pan to milo and cass seated on the floor , tied together , back to back , arm strapped to there side . pan to the doorway , where Bobby stand , inspect the room . bobby ok . guess that 's it . gotta go. ( check they out ) you know what ? you guy make a great couple . Bobby exit and Cass and milo be alone . suddenly , cass start giggling . milo what 's so funny ? cass my mom be worried I would not have plan for Xmas Eve . 104 . Cass be laugh harder and harder until milo realize : milo hey , be you cry ? cass ( sobbing ) no. I be not ... milo do not know what to do . his hand be trap in front of he , he can not even pat she on the shoulder . milo ok , just do not ... cass I be not cry . milo I know you be not . cass I just ... ( miserable ) I can not believe I go to die by be blow up and sink to the bottom of the ocean with someone who think I be a total liar . milo we be not gonna die . cass oh yeah ? what 's the plan ? milo ( thinking ) well ... milo look around . there be a SMALL porthole in one wall . milo assume a take - charge manner : milo ok . here 's what we do . we be go to synchronize we effort in order to cross the room and manipulate the bomb out of the room and into the water in order to diffuse the explosive impact . beat . cass you mean we be go to throw the bomb out the window ? 105 . milo uh , yeah . or we can just wait to get blow up . close on - the timer : " 1:19 , 1:18 , 1:17 ... " cass ( quickly ) I be with you . go , team , go . milo that 's the spirit . ok , first we be go sideways : to the leave ... milo lean one way , Cass lean the other : they don't move . milo ok . my leave this time ... they both lean to the leave and topple over . milo be face the direction of the bomb . milo now we be gonna work we way over to the bomb . they start move like a sideways inchworm , creep along . milo and I do not think you be a total liar , but in my own defense , I be one of the top detective in my division , I have be work that case for month , and then you just waltze in and solve it . cass I do not just " waltz in " . you know I have be work it for month , too . be not it possible that we be both good at we job , and I just happen to come out ahead ? beat . milo ( fumbling ) oh. well , I ... ( blurt out ) look , I be confuse , I have never be in love before ! cass well , neither have I ! 106 . milo seem surprised to hear this . but before he can respond , the boat rock on a wave and they be sent rolling in cass ' direction . as they roll : cass ow ... milo shit .. cass dammit ... they be stop when milo' face be slammed into the side of the boat . milo let out a grunt . beat . cass milo ? milo ( muffled ) I be ok . ok , we need to turn to the right , and wait for the next wave . they both start turn separate way : milo my right . they turn to the right and wait . after a moment : milo so . you be in love with I ? cass of course I be in love with you , why do you think I marry you ? no response . behind she back , milo look sheepish . Cass realize : cass oh. my. God . you think I marry you so I could get info on the case ? who be I , mata hari ? milo look confuse . he be try to figure out ... cass she 's a spy , milo . aaah . 107 . milo ( quickly ) I know that . everybody know that . mata hari the spy . beat . milo clear he throat . milo well . it might be a little late for this . but ... nice job on the article . cass you know , if I have something sharp right now , I would stab you . milo no , really , I mean , it be well - write and ... cass can you just get we out of here , please ? suddenly , a wave hit the boat , and they go rolling toward the bomb . as they roll : cass umph ... milo ughh ... cass Son of a ... milo ow ... and they come to a stop , milo' face pressed right up to the bomb . he watch the timer : " 00:44 , 00:43 , 00:42 ... " cass can you see the bomb ? milo uh , yeah . I can see the bomb . now we get up . milo grab the bomb and hold it against he belly . Cass and milo push against each other , and struggle up to a stand position . great . so far , so good . 108 . only , milo can't raise he arm . and the porthole be six feet above the ground . now what ? cass do you throw it ? milo not exactly . cass well , what be you wait for ? milo I be wait for a pig to fly in here and grab it . cass ( start to panic again ) milo ... milo ok , ok . um , on 3 , I need you to jump . beat . cass what ? milo you know : " jump , jump , jump around , jump . " cass be you serious ? milo no. I be fuck with you . for fun . just for my own personal enjoyment ... cass ok , ok . milo ok : 1 , 2 , 3 ... ext porthole - evening we see milo' head pop into view , then disappear . close on - the timer " 00:11 , 00:10 , 00:09 ... " 109 . milo' head pop up higher ... close on - the timer " 00:06 , 00:05 , 00:04 ... " this time , milo pop up high enough that we see he hand ... close on - the timer " 00:03 , 00:02 , 00:01 ... " and finally , milo be high enough that he can thrust the bomb out the window ... close on the bomb as it crash into the water ... int hull of boat - evening milo and Cass , both a little out of breath , stand still , listen . silence . cass think the water defuse it ? milo lemme ask you this ? have anything go we way yet ? suddenly , a low roar from beneath grow and rise up beneath the boat , rocking it wildly as water explode on all side . Cass and milo get drench , but be safe . cass Nice job . milo hey . you , too . cass thanks . milo now let find something to cut this rope off ... cass think we can catch that cop ? milo trust I : we can definitely catch that cop . because at this very moment ... 110 . int motorboat - night ... Bobby be paddle frantically , pause every once in a while to curse the motor , which for some reason refuse to start . he see the light of another boat come up behind he , and he paddle faster . ext deck of yacht - night milo steer the yacht right up behind Bobby , dwarf the motorboat . Calling out : milo hey , Bobby . I get one for ya ... Bobby look up to see milo pointing a assault rifle he grabbed from the evidence box : milo what 's the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman ? ( hold something up ) the spark plug . Bobby check the motor : so that be why it won 't run . milo grabbed the spark plug . milo and Cass grin down at Bobby while he kick the motor and swear . ext pier 19 - dawn chiron : " 6:00 am . pier 19 . 3 hour to go . " cop be everywhere . Cass and milo be seat on a bench , exhaust , watch as the cop unload box of stolen evidence from the yacht . Bobby be cuffed in the back of a squad car . after a moment : milo merry Xmas . I get you this . milo hand Cass some seaweed . cass you should not have . milo check he watch . milo hey . I have still get three hour to get you to jail . look like I be gonna win that bet after all . 111 . Cass ' eye go wide . suddenly , she jump up and bolt . milo ( to himself ) you have get to be kid I . ext beach - dawn like a action sequence in slo- mo , Cass stumble across the sand , exhaust , milo at she heel . finally , he make one last effort , lunge for she , bring she down and snap on the cuff . cass ( muffle , face in the sand ) I be not go without a fight . milo yeah . I be get that . he pull she to she foot . int jersey CITY police station - morning milo lead Cass up to the clerk , both of they look like a mess . he check he watch : milo 9am . see ? easy as pie . ( nudging Cass ) go on , say it . cass ( to the clerk ) I would like to turn myself in . ( can not resist ) though I do not do anything wrong ... milo stop talk . cass ... and I be unjustly arrest ... to shut she up , milo grab her and kiss her . then she be kissing he back . time stop for a moment . then milo hand she over to the clerk . milo ( to Cass ) see ya . 112 . cass ( a little disorient ) oh. ok . the clerk lead she into the jail . ext police station - morning milo exit . he pass some cop on they way in . one gelman , the cop he insult in the beginning . gelman hey . it 's that jerk - off bounty hunter . milo stop in he track . mentally weigh the pro and con . decide : milo ah , what the hell . he turn around , walk back to Gelman , and smashes he in the face with he fist . int holding cell - morning Cass be try to find a clean place to sit down , when milo get thrown into the holding cell next to hers . cass oh my god , what happen ? milo hey . I could not let you spend Xmas alone . besides , I do not really have any plan other than drink some cheap whiskey and put my fist through a wall . cass I be touch that you would give that up for I . milo hey . it 's the kind of guy I be . Cass grin . wedding music kick in : sid ( o.s. ) well , you be right . 113 . int wedding chapel - day sid and lois be watch as milo and cass get remarried . lois of course I be right . I know they would get back together if they be just stick together long enough . and thank god . better she drive he crazy than I . sid I hear ya . close on - milo and cass , whispering to each other under the priest blessing : cass ( low ) I love you . milo I love you more . Cass smile . beat . then : cass well , I doubt you love I more . milo I be just say I love you a lot . cass right . I know . I love you a lot , too . let 's just say you love I and leave it at that . milo Fine . I love you . cass fine. ( beat ) Cause I love you more . milo oh yeah ? ( glance at she ) wanna bet ? blackout