for you consideration the founder best original screenplay Robert Siegel twc the founder by Robert Siegel int . ed 's drive - in - kitchen —- day the kitchen of a drive - in restaurant outside St. Louis . it 's 1954 . travel salesman ray kroc ( 52 ) stand before a sample mixing machine , make he pitch to the owner . ray kroc now , I know what you be think : '' what the heck do I need a five - spindle for ? I barely sell enough shake to justify my single spindle . '' right ? wrong . ( beat ) Mr. paulsen , be you familiar with the notion of the chicken and the egg ? I mention it because I believe it 's applicable here : do you not need a multimixer because you be not sell enough milk shake ? or be you not sell enough milk shake because you do not have a multimixer ? I firmly believe it 's the latter . you see , you customer , they know that if they order a shake from you establishment , it 's go to be a terrific wait . they have order one before , and by golly they be not gonna make that mistake again . but if you have , say , a Prince Castle - brand five - spindle multimixer with patent direct -drive electric motor , you could greatly increase you ability to produce delicious , frosty milk shake fast . and before long , mark my word , dollar to donut , you would be sell more of that sucker than you can shake a stick at . increase supply , demand will follow . Chicken and the egg . you follow my logic ? of course you do . you be a bright , forward - think fella who know a good idea when he hear it . ( beat ) so whaddaya say ? on the owner -- ponder thoughtfully . owner Nah . ( beat ) thanks anyway . ext . ed 's drive - in - parking lot - short time later kroc lug the heavy mulitmixer back to he car . he lift it into the trunk , wince from he bad back . int . kroc 's car —- moment later kroc sit in he car check he appointment book . his next sale call : dee dee 's drive - in - 1 p.m. he check he watch . it 's 12:05 . he turn on the car , pull into a customer spot in front of Ed 's drive - in . he look at the menu board , take in the vast , seemingly random assortment of item : bbq beef sandwich , hot tamale , peanut butter and jelly sandwich , chili dog , etc . int . kroc 's car - short time later kroc sit in he car , wait for he food . he look at he watch . it 's 12:50 . he let out a heaving , exasperate sigh . kroc 's Pov , the view out he windshield : a rowdy teen -hangout scene . rock-and-roll blast from car ; female carhop on rollerskate dodging grabby male patron ; leather - jackete , cigarette -smoke hoodlum smack each other around . kroc be the oldest customer by a mile -- and seemingly the only one with anywhere to be . he honk he horn , summoning he carhop . she come skate over hold a tray of coke . ray kroc miss , how much longer ? carhop girl should be any minute . ray kroc you say that 20 minute ago . carhop girl I be sorry , we be real -- she jump - squeal , startle . the tray of coke go fly into the car , spilling all over kroc 's lap . several glass and plate fall on the ground , shatter . carhop girl spin around , see a guy behind she crack up . he just pinch she butt . carhop Dennis ! ( be : kroc , soak ) look what you make I do ! dennis sorry , gramp . Dennis scamper off toward he pack of laugh friend . the carhop go chase after he , mad but not actually mad . on kroc -- look down at the pool of bubbly brown liquid in he lap . he honk , lean out the window . ray kroc could I get some napkin ? no one hear he . int . motel room - night angle on the pants drying on the shower 's curtain rod . ray kroc ( 0.s. ) it 's go great . CUT to : the next room . kroc sit on the bed , on the phone . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) lot of good lead today . Real strong lead . through the phone , a tiny passive - aggressive sigh . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) ( prickly ) what ? ethel kroc ( 0.s. ) nothing . that 's wonderful . ray kroc there 's tremendous interest . ethel kroc ( 0.s. ) I be sure there be . ray kroc you do not believe I ? ethel kroc ( 0.s. ) of course , Ray . why would not I ? short time later -- kroc sit on the edge of the bed , roiling from the call . he take off he shirt , undress for bed . his bare torso bear numerous surgery scar : heart , gall bladder , etc . he reach over to the night stand , grab a fifth of canadian Club . unscrew the cap . short time later -- kroc , in pajamas , stand before a portable phonograph . he drop the needle on a record . short time later -- kroc lie in bed in the darken room , eye close . a soothing baritone fill the air -- record ( 0.s . ) nothing in the world can take the place of persistence . talent will not ; nothing be more common than unsuccessful man with talent . genius will not ; unrewarded genius be almost a proverb . angle on record sleeve next to the phonograph : '' the power of the positive '' by dr . clarence floyd nelson record ( cont 'd ) Education will not ; the world be full of educate derelict . persistence and determination alone be omnipotent . quick cut to other snippet of the record : record ( cont 'd ) so I grab that brush , and I shine up that boot so bright , pastor Walker could see he reflection in they ! later -- record ( cont 'd ) the lesson there be , it 's not what you do but how you do it . any job worth do be worth do well . later -- later -- later -- later -- later -- record ( cont 'd ) as I like to say , it 's not the size of the dog in the fight , it 's the size of the fight in the dog . record ( cont 'd ) misfortune be just a step stone to fortune . record ( cont 'd ) and I say to myself , '' clarence , you have get to muddle through this ! '' record ( cont 'd ) how a man handle adversity be the true measure of a man . record ( cont 'd ) heck , anyone can paddle in a sunshower ! int . joe' drive - in - kitchen - next day the kitchen of another drive - in , kroc pitching to the owner . the scene be virtually identical to the previous day 's . ray kroc increase supply , demand will follow . Chicken and the egg . you follow my logic ? of course you do . you be a bright , forward - think fella who know a good idea when he hear it . ( beat ) so whaddaya say ? ext . parking lot - short time later kroc lug the sample multimixer back to he car . int . kroc 's car - short time later kroc be pull up to a customer spot in front of Joe 's drive - in . the scene before he be very much like the one at Ed 's drive - in , a riot of teenage rowdiness . he look at he watch . it 's 12:45 . he honk , shouting out to no one in particular : ray kroc could someone tell I when my ... he trail off as a female carhop approach with a tray . she hook the tray onto he car door . carhop enjoy . she head off . he lift the cover off he plate , prime to dig in . his face fall at the sight of the hamburger beneath . he lean out the window , honk . ray kroc I order the barbecue beef ! he 's howling into the void . ext . merriman 's drive - in - later another drive - in . kroc with the owner . ray kroc Mr. merriman , be you familiar with the notion of the chicken and the -- owner no , thank you . the owner disappear into the restaurant . kroc , shut down , lug the multimixer over to he nearby car , heave it into the trunk . he take a swig from he flask . ext . merriman 's drive - in - moment later kroc at a pay phone , dial a long -distance number . JUNE martino ( 0.s. ) Prince Castle , how may I help you ? ray kroc hi , June . int . prince castle sale —- continuous a modest office in a Chicago high -rise . at the reception desk be secretary JUNE martino . ( intercut as necessary . ) JUNE martino Ray . how 's it go down there ? ray kroc Fine , swell , lot of interest . JUNE martino that 's terrific . hold on , I '1l fetch you message . she grab a pile of message off the desk . JUNE martino ( cont ’d ) let 's see : gene rafferty from United aluminum , say he need to reschedule Friday ... Ed nance call again about the refund ... a lady from March of dime about a donation ... oh , and we get a order . six . ray kroc six ? JUNE martino some drive - in out in California . ray kroc one place ? that 's impossible . JUNE martino I have get the slip right here . ray kroc you must have misunderstand . give I the number , I will straighten it out . ext . merriman 's drive - in - short time later - — kroc pour a few nickel into the pay phone , dial a number off he wrist . young employee ( 0.s. ) hello ? ray kroc good afternoon . May I please speak to the owner ? young employee ( 0.s. ) which one ? ray kroc I be sorry ? young employee ( 0.s. ) Dick or Mac ? ray kroc um , whomever 's available . the guy put the phone down , head off . through the receiver , kroc hear the sound of a insanely busy -- and efficient -- kitchen . '' order up ! '' ... '' I need six fries ! " '' ... '' patty up ! '' dick mcdonald ( 0.s. ) this be Dick . ray kroc hello Dick , this be Ray kroc from Prince Castle sale . I be phone because someone there place a order with we for some multimixer . dick mcdonald yes , yes , that be I . how soon can you get ‘em out here ? ray kroc well , that 's actually why I be call . I believe there may have be a miscommunication between -- in the background , someone shout something to Dick . dick mcdonald freezer ! top shelf , leave side ! ( back to kroc ) sorry . ray kroc my secretary 's under the impression you want six . dick mcdonald you know what ? I think that 's a mistake . ray kroc that 's what I figure . what kind of drive - in would be make 30 shake at a -- dick mcdonald better make it eight . on kroc -- flabbergasted . another background shout . dick mcdonald ( cont ’d ) what 's that , Al ? there 's a brand - new box in the storeroom ! ( to kroc ) look , now be not the best time . ray kroc I be sorry , I be still a bit -- dick mcdonald you know where to send ‘em , right ? San bernardino , California . corner of 14th and E . ray kroc to anyone in particular ? dick mcdonald just the store be fine . McDonald 's . another background shout distract Dick . dick mcdonald ( cont ’d ) I gotta go . just get that mixer out here asap , okay ? thanks ! click . kroc stare at the receiver . what the hell be that ? ext . merriman 's drive - in - moment later kroc stand over a U.S. road map on the hood of he car . he unfold it , open the map westward . ( note : this part of the map be not well - wear like the Midwest ; it 's virgin territory for kroc . ) kroc 's eye drift westward to California . they land on a small town 60 mile east of Los Angeles : San bernardino . kroc look at the whole country . he notice something . a road directly connect St. Louis to San bernardino . Route 66 . on kroc -- stare at Route 66 . a single , unbroken line run from where he be now to that mysterious city out in Southern California . 10 . ext . route 66 - day kroc drive west on Route 66 . Cars , the open road , a limitless horizon . the sky , the country , the whole world seem to open up . his heart swell with possibility . the vastness excite he brain . this must be how Lewis & Clark feel . and then ... ext . san bernardino CITY limit - route 66 - day kroc arrive in San bernardino . a drab , dusty little town on the edge of the desert . hardly the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow he be expect . he continue along Route 66 , head toward the center of town . short time later -- kroc drive . he see the line before he see the restaurant . a long line , hundred of people , snake toward a hamburger stand in the distance . on kroc -- take in the strange sight of people out of they car , queue up in a line lead toward a self - service window . it 's a distinctly family crowd , lot of parent with they child . not a teenage delinquent in sight . he park , get out . unsure what to do , he get in the line . he look off at the restaurant , check he watch . it 's 1:15 . woman ( 0.s. ) do not worry . it move fast . angle on the woman in front of he . no sooner do she say this than the line move . kroc shuffles forward 10 foot . short time later -- kroc in line , significantly further along . he look at he watch . it 's 1:19 . ext . mcdonald be - short time later kroc at the front of the line . he check he watch . 1:23 . cashier ( 0.s . ) welcome to McDonald 's , may I take you order ? 11 . kroc look up , see a cashier look at he with a friendly smile . like all the other cashier , he 's male and wholesome as apple pie . ray kroc um , yes ... he look at the menu board . it have just four item : burger , fries , shake , and coca-cola . a radical departure from the typical sprawling drive - in menu . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) hamburger , fries , and a coca-cola . cashier 45 cent , please . kroc hand he two quarter . cashier ( cont 'd ) and five cent be you change . kroc barely have time to put the nickel away when -- cashier ( cont 'd ) here you be . the cashier hand he a paper sack . kroc look at it with confusion . ray kroc what 's this ? cashier you food . ray kroc I just order . cashier ( shrug , smile ) and now it 's here . kroc peer into the bag . lo and behold , inside be a burger , fries , and a coca -cola . he see it 's all wrap in paper . ray kroc ( " where be the '' --) silverware ? plates ? cashier you just eat it straight out of the wrapper . then throw it all out . 12 . on kroc -- bewilder . he take the bag , unsure what to do . ray kroc so now I bring it back to my car ? cashier most folk do . or you could eat it in the park , at home ... anywhere you like . kroc nod . this be all so strange to he . he turn , head toward he car . on the way , he spot a empty bench . he impulsively take a seat . kroc reach into the bag in he lap . he take out the hamburger , note the paper package . he unwrap the burger , look at it , sniff it . it look and smell wonderful . as he 's about to take a bite , out the corner of he eye he notice in a nearby car ... a gorgeous blonde . kroc 's Pov : the blonde , bite into a hamburger . as she chew , a look of ecstasy come over she face . she close she eye , she head tipping back a bit , borderline orgasmic . on kroc -- stare at the blonde . mother ( 0.s. ) May we ? kroc be shake out of he reverie by a family of four look to sit on the bench . he slide over , make room . mother ( cont 'd ) thank you . kroc 's attention shift from the blonde to the family . he discretely watch as the mother pass out burger to she two young kid . the kid bite into they , '' mmm '' - ing audibly . on kroc -- observe this family of four , wholesome as can be , devour they delicious McDonald 's hamburger . kroc look at the burger in he own hand , take a bite . as he chew , he eye roll back in he head . man ( 0.s. ) how be everything ? kroc look up , see a man stand before he . his necktie and demeanor suggest manager . ray kroc this be the best burger I ever have . 13 . man we aim to please . the man smile , extend a friendly hand . man ( cont 'd ) Mac McDonald . ray kroc Ray kroc . they shake . kroc pull a business card from a pocket , hand it to he . McDonald look at it , unsure what to make of it : ray kroc - prince castle sale corp . - 2310 wacker drive , chicago , ill . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) the multimixer fella . mac mcdonald ( it click in --) you speak to my brother . Mac look again at the card , note the Chicago address . mac mcdonald ( cont 'd ) what bring you way out here ? ray kroc oh , I be just in Los Angeles . meeting . Business . figure as long as I be in the neighborhood , I would swing by , say hello . mac mcdonald well , I be glad you do . welcome ! kroc 's eye drift to the busy , hum restaurant . ray kroc quite a operation you get here . mac mcdonald Care for a little tour ? there 's nothing kroc would like more . int . kitchen - short time later a bustling kitchen , organize as a series of station . 14 . mac mcdonald ( 0.s. ) speed ... on mac -- lead kroc through the kitchen . mac mcdonald ( cont 'd ) that 's the name of the game . they come to a massive grill manned by three cook . mac mcdonald ( cont 'd ) first stop for every McDonald 's hamburger be the grill , manned by three cook whose sole job be to grill that all - beef beauty to perfection . kroc watch the mouth - water beef sizzling on the grill . mac mcdonald ( cont 'd ) meanwhile ... he lead kroc to a adjacent station , where two dresser stand before a rotate lazy Susan with 24 bun top on it . mac mcdonald ( cont 'd ) as the patty cook , we '' dresser '' get the bun ready . dresser # 1 put pickle slice and onion on each bun -- mac mcdonald ( cont 'd ) every McDonald 's hamburger get two pickle , a pinch of onion ... -- while dresser # 2 apply a squirt of ketchup and mustard with a pair of trigger - operate condiment gun . mac mcdonald ( cont 'd ) ..- and a precise shot of ketchup and mustard . ray kroc ( be : condiment gun ) where would you get that thing ? mac mcdonald we make ‘em . ray kroc make they ? mac mcdonald custom build . Whole kitchen be . 15 . on kroc -- utterly amaze . mac mcdonald ( cont 'd ) ( resume tour ) next it 's off to the finish station ... angle on the lazy Susan , carry 24 fully dress bun top , travel along a belt toward a finishing station . mac mcdonald ( cont 'd ) where it all come together . a pair of finisher put cook patty onto the fully dress bun top , then put on bun bottom and neatly wrap it up . mac mcdonald ( cont 'd ) voila ! the finish product be feed into a angle metal sleeve that slide they to the front counter , where cashier can grab and bag they with ease . mac mcdonald ( cont 'd ) a fresh and delicious hamburger , grill to counter in 30 second . on kroc -- dumbfounded by what he 's see . he look at Mac . ray kroc how ? mac mcdonald do I come up with all of this ? ( sly smile ) I do not . kroc be confuse . mac mcdonald ( cont 'd ) we do . kroc follow Mac 's eye to a man come toward they . mac mcdonald ( cont 'd ) Dick McDonald . my brother . kroc grab Dick 's hand , enthusiastically shake . ray kroc I just have to say , what you have do here be nothing short of -- 16 . dick mcdonald ( to Mac , ignore Ray ) the fries . mac mcdonald what about ‘em ? Dick lead Mac toward the french fry station . kroc follow along . Dick pluck a fry off the drying rack , hand it to Mac , who pop it in he mouth . mac mcdonald ( cont 'd ) perfect . dick mcdonald they be five percent too crisp . Dick take a fry , taste it . frown . dick mcdonald ( cont ’d ) I think we should drop to two minute , 50 second . mac mcdonald that 's what you have it at before . dick mcdonald 400 , not 375 . Higher temp , short cook . Mac take another taste . mac mcdonald I really think they be spot-on . ray kroc ( to Dick ) if it make any difference , they be the best fries I have ever taste . crispy golden brown on the outside , fluffy on the inside . not too oily , perfectly salty and crunchy . Dick look at Ray , take note of he for the first time . dick mcdonald who be you ? mac mcdonald this be that multimixer fella you speak to . ray kroc Ray kroc , Prince Castle sale . 17. kroc hand Dick he card . Dick give it a cursory glance . dick mcdonald how soon you figure we can expect ‘em ? ray kroc I be send they Blue label Air . you should have it early next week . dick mcdonald good . with this , Dick abruptly walk off . Ray give chase . ray kroc wait ! he catch up , grab Dick 's arm . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) let I take you out to dinner . dick mcdonald ( jokey ) you be really not my type . ray kroc you and you brother . Mac , a few foot away , come over , curious . mac mcdonald what for ? ray kroc I be gonna shoot straight with you fella . this restaurant be the most remarkable thing I have see in all my year in the food-service industry . and believe you I , I have see it all . I want to know everything about it . where it come from , how you think of it . ( beat ) please . tell I you story . int . steakhouse - evening kroc sit across from the brother in a corner booth , rib eye steak in front of all three . 18 . mac mcdonald there be not a job in all of Manchester . all of New Hampshire . so we pack we bag and head west . to Hollywood . I want to be in the movie business . and Dick , well , he want to be ... dick mcdonald employ . mac mcdonald we land job drive truck for Columbia picture . after a few year , we have enough save up to buy we own little piece of show business . a little movie theater out in glendora . which would have be swell , except for the small matter of timing . it be September of ' 29 . one minute we be screen '' gold digger of Broadway '' , the next it 's '' brother , can you spare a dime ? '' literally . dick mcdonald I could not . mac mcdonald nobody in town be make any money . except this one fella , wylie reid . ran a hot dog and root beer stand . people still gotta eat , right ? so we decide to set up we own stand , hot dog and orange juice , out in arcadia . ext . arcadia - day ( flashback ) a young dick and mac man they dusty , roadside hot dog stand during the great Depression . a smatter of customer . mac mcdonald ( v.o . ) it do okay , enough to keep we off the bread line , but we be hardly do gangbuster . there just be not enough people in arcadia . 19 . back to present -- mac mcdonald meanwhile , one town over be San bernardino , the place be grow at a terrific clip . we want to relocate , but we have get no money for a new stand . that 's when my brother here get one of he brilliant idea . tell he , Dick . Dick throw Mac a '' that 's okay , you tell he '' nod . mac mcdonald ( cont 'd ) '' why do not we move the stand we have get ? put it on a truck ! '' ( beat ) genius , right ? except one small problem . on the road between the town , there 's a overpass . the building do not clear . I figure that 's it , we be do for . but then Dick say ... another nod of deferral from Dick . mac mcdonald ( cont 'd ) '' why do not we see the restaurant in half ? '' ext . road - day ( flashback ) Dick and Mac drive a old flatbe Ford . on the back be the stand , split in two . the truck go under a overpass , narrowly clear . mac mcdonald ( v.o. ) we truck the darn thing over in two piece , put it back together ! back to present -— kroc guffaw with amazement . mac mcdonald we move the building , set up shop . but before we open , we decide to give the place a little tweak . it 's 1940 . drive - in be all the rage , the hot thing go . I say Dick , we gotta get in on this . Dick say sure . ( more ) 20 . mac mcdonald ( cont 'd ) two month later , we open for business ... ( show - biz hand ) '' McDonald 's famous barbecue ! '' ext . mcdonald's famous barbecue - day ( flashback ) the brother 's proto- McDonald 's , up and run . pretty carhop in tassele short skirt and western boot hustle about serve customer . mac mcdonald ( v.o . ) we have get a 27 - item menu , barbecue slow - cook in a real pit out back . uniform waitress bring the food straight out to you car . it do gangbuster . go great gun . but then , sale start to level off . back to present -- dick mcdonald the drive - in model , as we learn , have a few build - in problem . kroc lean in , eager to hear they take on this . dick mcdonald ( cont ’d ) for starter , there 's the customer issue . drive - in tend to attract , shall we say , a less - than desirable clientele . mac mcdonald teenager . dick mcdonald hot rodder and hooligan . juvenile delinquent in blue jeans . kroc nod , all too familiar . dick mcdonald ( cont ’d ) then there 's the service . it take forever and a day for you food to arrive . and when it finally do -- ray kroc it 's completely wrong . kroc nod . 21 . dick mcdonald the carhop be too busy dodging grope to remember you want a strawberry phosphate , not cherry . ray kroc if they remember at all . mac mcdonald then there 's the expense . payroll be high due to the large staff require . dish be constantly get steal or break . dick mcdonald tremendous overhead . mac mcdonald but one day Dick have a realization . go over the book , he notice something . the bulk of we sale come from just three item : burger , fries , soft drink . dick mcdonald 87 percent . mac mcdonald we say to ourselves , what the heck be we do monkey around with all this other stuff ? focus on what sell . yes . mac mcdonald ( cont 'd ) and that 's just what we do . brisket , go . tamale , go . and we do not stop at the menu . we look at everything . what else do not we need ? dick mcdonald turn out , quite a lot . mac mcdonald carhop . dick mcdonald walk up to a window . get you food yourself . mac mcdonald dish . 22 . dick mcdonald all paper package . Disposable . mac mcdonald jukebox , cigarette machine . dick mcdonald drive out the riff-raff . ray kroc ( totally in sync ) create a family - friendly environment ! mac mcdonald and finally , the biggest , most important cut of all ... the wait . dick mcdonald order ready in 30 second , not 30 minute . mac mcdonald we decide to tear down the kitchen . rebuild . reconfigure . rethink the whole dang thing . and you be gonna love how we do it . tell he , Dick . dick mcdonald the tennis court ? mac mcdonald he bring I out to this tennis court , draw a outline in the dirt . exact dimension of we kitchen . ext . tennis court - day ( flashback ) a tennis court , somewhere in San bernardino . Mac watch as Dick carefully draw a kitchen outline on it with a stick . mac mcdonald ( v.o . ) we bring in a bunch of employee , have ‘em go through the motion , make pretend burger and fries . -- a invisible kitchen , young employees mimick the move , try to get it right . 23 . mac mcdonald ( v.o. ) Dick 's chase after they with the stick , mark up where all the equipment should go . they do it over and over , hash out the move , choreograph like it 's some sort of crazy burger ballet . -- over and over . it 's start to get dark . dick mcdonald ( v.o. ) finally , after about six hour of this , we get it just right . -- worker make pretend burger and fries in perfect sync . dick mcdonald ( v.o. ) a symphony of efficiency . not a waste motion . back to present -- dick mcdonald we take the layout to a builder , custom build to exact specs . mac mcdonald ta-da . the speedee system be bear . the world 's first - ever system design to deliver food fast . it 's totally revolutionary . dick mcdonald and a complete disaster . ext . mcdonald be - day ( flashback ) the grand open . the hungry and the curious pull up . mac mcdonald ( v.o. ) open day , people pull into the lot , immediately start honk when no carhop come over . we try to explain the walk - up window . they be bewilder . furious . '' whaddaya mean I gotta get out of my car ? '' 24 . back to present -- mac mcdonald most of they just cuss we out and drive off . the few that stick around be mad as heck about have to eat off paper and discard they own trash . dick mcdonald we may have underestimate the learn curve . mac mcdonald by five o'clock , Dick 's calculate the cost of convert back to drive - in . but I , I be not quite ready to throw in the towel . go back to my Hollywood root , I say to myself , '' we gotta go big with this . we gotta put on a show . '' I tell Dick I want to throw a grand re-opening . a gala premiere to put Louis B. mayer to shame . ext . grand re-opening - evening ( flashback ) the fast - food equivalent of a Hollywood - style premiere . mac mcdonald ( v.o . ) we rent a bunch of spotlight , the same one we use to truck around to premiere in the Columbia day . I get sparkler , a juggler for the kiddie -- it 's a event . people show up in drove . and then ... dick mcdonald ( v.o. ) the fly . -- a ominous cloud gather over the restaurant . a swarm of insect . they swoop down in unison , as if in attack mode . dick mcdonald ( v.o. ) they must have be draw by all the light . mac mcdonald ( v.o. ) million of ‘em . look like something out of exodus . -- customer run , scream . swat . 25 . dick mcdonald ( v.o. ) the pharaoh would have release the israelite . back to present -- mac mcdonald it 's a total disaster . towel time . ( beat ) the next morning , Dick and I meet up to discuss go back to the old format . as we be talk , there 's a knock at the service window . Dick go over , see a little boy stand there . he want a bag of burger . int . mcdonald be - day ( flashback ) Dick at the service window , look at a young kid . his nose barely clear the counter . dick mcdonald ( v.o. ) I tell he we be close . mac mcdonald ( v.o. ) but he 's cute , I feel bad for he , so I fire up the grill , make hima batch . and as he 's head off ... -- a car pull into the lot . mac mcdonald ( v.0 . ) a car pull up . -- a second car . mac mcdonald ( v.o. ) then another . -- a third car . mac mcdonald ( v.o. ) and another . before you know it , there 's a line around the block . --a line of customer stretch into the distance . mac mcdonald ( v.o. ) Word have spread . 26 . back to present -- dick mcdonald and it 's off to the race . mac mcdonald we be a overnight sensation . thirty year in the make . on kroc -- absorb all of this , blow away . Mac give kroc a modest little shrug . mac mcdonald ( cont 'd ) so that 's we story . int . motel room - night kroc lie awake in bed , buzzing , unable to sleep . ext . mcdonald be - next morning Dick and Mac pull into the McDonald 's lot in Dick 's car . they be startle to see -- kroc , sit out front . he approach they car . before Dick can fully roll down he window : ray kroc franchise . dick mcdonald beg pardon ? ray kroc franchise , franchise the thing . it 's too good to just be one location . there ought to be McDonald 's everywhere . Coast to coast , sea to shine sea . and I be just the man to help you do it . I have spend the better part of my life criss -crossing this country . I know every highway and byway , every city and every town . dick mcdonald Mr. kroc ... ray kroc let I just say one thing . one more thing . ( more ) 27 . ray kroc ( cont 'd ) I want to confess something to you boy . I be not out here in California on any business meeting . I be out here for you . you be what bring I out . a few day ago , I be stand outside a fill station in St. Louis , Missouri stare at a U.S. road map , stare at a long , white , unbroken line call Route 66 . I take my finger -- dick mcdonald Mr. kroc - — ray kroc I take my finger , and I trace that line from where I be stand all the way out to California , where it run smack - dab into this place we be now . as I stare at that line , something tell I to follow it . something tell I to get in my car and see what 's out there at the other end . and when I laid eye on you hamburger stand yesterday , all that people line up to purchase you remarkable product , I know it be - — - dick mcdonald we already try ! int . mcdonald be - back office - short time later kroc and the brother stand before a U.S. map . dick mcdonald five . angle on map . five push pin be stick in it , cluster around California and the Southwest . dick mcdonald ( cont ’d ) Three in Southern California , one in Sacramento and one in Phoenix . ( beat ) and that 's all there 's 1ll ever be . ray kroc why ? 28 . dick mcdonald two word : quality control . it 's almost impossible to enforce standard from afar . mac mcdonald that place be a mess . filthy kitchen , inconsistent menus ... dick mcdonald Sacramento be sell burrito . mac mcdonald to watch you precious creation get mismanaged like that . you name . dick mcdonald put Mac in the hospital . kroc look at Mac , surprised . a beat as mac mcdonald diabete and extreme stress do not mix . kroc absorb this . ray kroc but if you have somebody in charge of supervise . mac mcdonald we do . ray kroc what happen ? dick mcdonald he obviously do not do a great job . ray kroc so replace he . with someone better . dick mcdonald we energy be better spend make this place the best it can possibly be . mac mcdonald better one great restaurant than 50 mediocre one . 29 . ray kroc sure , but I still think if you have the right -- dick mcdonald thank you , we be not interested . ray kroc someone as commit to quality as -- dick mcdonald thank you . kroc back off . a beat of awkward silence . kroc 's eye go to something else on the wall ... a blueprint . the building have tower arch on each side . ray kroc what 's that ? dick mcdonald a blueprint . ray kroc that : Mac follow kroc 's eye to the arch . mac mcdonald it 's a way to make the place stand out when you be drive past . dick mcdonald '' the Golden arch '' I call ‘em . kroc stare at they , fascinate . it 's a crazy , radical ( and kind of brilliant ) thing to stick on the side of a building . ray kroc who think of that ? mac mcdonald that 's pure Dick magic right there . Dick 's gaze be still on the arch , clearly proud . ray kroc ever do one like that ? dick mcdonald just one ... 30 . Dick look at the U.S. map . a lonely push pin in the middle of Arizona . dick mcdonald ( cont ’d ) Phoenix . ext . route 66 - southern california / arizona -— day kroc drive back along Route 66 , take in the scenery . series of shot : kroc pass through various small town , each with a Main Street run through it . on every Main Street , we see the same two thing : a church and courthouse . glimpsis of various church and courthouse . church top with cross . courthouse with american flag . on kroc -- processing , wheel turn . ext . route 66 - flagstaff , az - night kroc drive through flagstaff . he pass a road sign : i- 17 south - phoenix - next right he take a impulsive detour . ext . central avenue ( phoenix ) - short time later kroc drive down Phoenix 's Central Avenue . he see the arch before he see the restaurant . kroc pull into the empty lot ( the restaurant be close ) . he get out , look up at the arch . they be light up and glow . glorious , magical . he do a slow lap around the building , take in the arch from all angle . halfway around , the shifting perspective cause the arch to meet . they form a giant '' m '' ( the McDonald 's logo as we know it today ) , 30 foot high . on kroc -- stand before the '' m '' , bath in its golden , glow light . like mose before the Burning Bush . ext . kroc 's house ( des plaine , IL ) - day a modest home in the Chicago suburb . kroc pull up in he car . 31 . int . kitchen - continuous ethel ( 53 ) be at the table , eat dinner by herself . ray kroc ( 0.s. ) ethel ! kroc come burst in , burn with excitement . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) I have see the future ! ethel 's face fall . ethel kroc again ? ray kroc I see a restaurant , ethel . it 's like nothing you have ever see . they have get this system , the speedee system ... ethel kroc Ray ... ray kroc just hear I out . ethel kroc I be too old for this . ray kroc this place , it 's like something sprung from the mind of Henry -- ethel kroc I can not do it . not again . ray kroc do not you want to be a part of greatness ? ethel kroc I want to be part of a cruise . ( beat ) all we friend be take trip , enjoy they golden year . and we , we be still scrapping and scraping like a couple of 25 - year - old . when do we get to start live , Ray ? when do we finally get to start enjoy we life ? this set 32 . ray kroc ethel , this place -- ethel kroc it 's revolutionary . ray kroc ( bristle at she sarcasm ) as a matter of fact ... ethel kroc it 's never go to get any better , Ray . we be never go to have anything more than we have right now . and that 's okay . ( beat ) what 's not okay be we waste we life reach for some brass ring we be never go to grab . ray kroc ( flash of anger ) maybe if I have a wife who have a ounce of vision . who give I a ounce of support . ethel kroc support ? support ? she off -- ethel kroc ( cont ’d ) all I have do be support you ! I have have you back through thick and thin , through one cockamamie idea after another . the wax cup , the fold-a -nook , the multi-mixer , on and on , every last one . and you have the nerve to say I do not support you ? ray kroc ( back off , chasten ) I be sorry . ethel kroc I have believe in you , Ray . we whole marriage . Long past the point any rational , think person would have . ray kroc you be right . 33. ethel kroc I have sacrifice , I have save . make do , go without . my belt 's so tight , I be out of notches . ray kroc you be right . ethel kroc '' support '' ? ( beat ) how dare you ? kroc just stand there in shame little - boy silence . ext . movie theater - short time later kroc step to the ticket window . ray kroc one ticket , please . the marquee read magnificent obsession . int . movie theater - short time later kroc sit in the theater , the light of the screen flicker off he face . in he hand be he flask . he take a discrete swig . int . prince castle sale - kroc 's office - continuous June martino watch kroc pace , ringing phone to he ear . employee ( 0.s. ) McDonald 's hamburger . ray kroc Dick McDonald , please . employee ( 0.s. ) he 's not available at the moment . ray kroc Mac , then . the employee put the phone down , go off to check . through it , kroc hear what sound like a big crowd . 34 . employee ( 0.s. ) I be sorry , he will have to call you back . we be real busy right now . kroc glance at he watch , puzzle by the commotion . ray kroc what time be it there ? employee ( 0.s. ) 10 o'clock . ray kroc ( throw ) what time do you open ? employee ( 0.s. ) will . on kroc -- amaze . they do not even open for another hour . int . johnson 's drive - in - kitchen - short time later kroc out on a drive - in sale call , give he standard spiel . ray kroc ( flat , distract ) Mr. Johnson , be you familiar with the notion of the chicken and the egg ? I mention it because I think it 's applicable here . ext . johnson 's drive - in - parking lot - short time later kroc haul the sample multimixer back to he car , shove it in the trunk . he take a swig from he flask , stare off . int . midway airport - short time later kroc step to the twa ticket counter . ray kroc one ticket to Los Angeles . int . mcdonald be - kitchen - evening the dinner rush . Mac and Dick hustle about make sure thing run as smoothly as possible . on dick -- reloading the lazy Susan with bun top . 35 . ray kroc ( 0.s. ) do it for you country . dick mcdonald ( turn , surprised ) Ray . mac mcdonald ( 0.s. ) what be you do here ? Mac be there , too . ray kroc if you boy do not want to franchise for yourselves , fine . but do it for you country . for America . ( beat ) this place you have create , it 's not a restaurant . it 's not even a place . it 's a idea . on dick -- absorb . dick mcdonald ( to nearby employee ) Tommy , finish the bun . int . back office - moment later kroc stand before the brother . ray kroc that drive back home on 66 , I pass through a lot of town . a lot of small town . in the middle of each one of they be a Main Street . and on each of that Main street be always the same two thing : a courthouse and a church . a courthouse top with a flag . a church top with a cross . flag and cross , cross and flag . the brother look at each other , unsure where this be go . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) as I drive along , I ponder that cross and flag . I ask myself why they be so ubiquitous . what they mean . and as I do , I could not help but think about you restaurant . about this -- 36 . he go over to the blueprint , plant a finger on the arch . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) now , forgive I if this flirt with blasphemy , but to my mind , this arch share a great deal in common with the Christian cross and the american flag . a building top with a cross be a gather place . a place where decent , wholesome folk can come together and be with other who share they value . the same can be say of a building flanke by a pair of you arch . that arch mean more than simply '' delicious hamburger inside '' . they signify family . Community . the tie that bind . they represent goodness , togetherness , a place for Americans to gather and break bread . McDonald 's can be that , too . the new american church , feed body and feed soul . and not just on Sunday . Seven day a week . ( beat ) cross . flag . arch . on mac -- blow away . he look over at Dick , expect a similar reaction . he 's surprised to see a conflict look on he face . mac mcdonald ( to kroc ) would you please give we a minute ? int . back office - moment later the brother , alone in the office . dick mcdonald ( tempt , tear ) I do not know ... mac mcdonald it 's you dream , Dick . ( eye contact ) bigger than you dream . arch -- you arch -- coast to coast . Dick 's eye go to the U.S. map . a whole country , just wait to be fill in with push pin . 37 . dick mcdonald I can not put you through that again . on mac -- look at Dick gaze longingly at the map . mac mcdonald I know how bad you want this . you should have it . dick mcdonald last time , you very nearly wound up — mac mcdonald we will do it different this time . learn from we mistake . dick mcdonald how so ? mac mcdonald we keep a much tighter leash . total oversight , every change have to go through we . dick mcdonald who say he 's gonna listen ? mac mcdonald we draw up a contract . Lay it out , clear as day in black and white . on dick -- ponder . seemingly warming to the idea . mac mcdonald ( cont 'd ) whaddaya say ? int . law firm - conference room - day Ray kroc sit across a table from the brother and they lawyer . kroc be skim through a big fat contract . full of clause and section and paragraph . angle on contract . amidst a wall of legalese : ...- any and all modification to the speedee system or any mcdonald franchise , either physical or conceptual , must be formally submitted in writing for approval by both richard mcdonald and maurice mcdonald ... ray kroc ( 0.s. ) fine. 38. kroc have a rush air about he , eager to get to the dot line . he continue skim . a glimpse of another page : ... kroc shall receive one and nine - tenths percent ( 1.9 % ) of net profit generate by franchisee ( S ) , with one -half of one percent ( 0.5 % ) of say net profit pay to richard mcdonald and maurice mcdonald ... ray kroc ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Fine . short time later -- Three copy of the contract be laid out before kroc , open to the last page . the brother 's lawyer slide he a fountain pen . he readily sign in triplicate . ray kroc ( pre - lap ) we be a dynamic , fast - grow company . int . midway saving & loan - day ( one month later ) kroc , dress in he best suit and tie , sit across from a loan officer . ray kroc and now , we be poise to make major inroad nationally . the loan officer look at a set of blueprint on he desk title mcdonald be # 6 - des plaine , ill . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) in addition to give we a foothold in the Midwest , the Des plain location will serve as a lure for prospective franchise . the loan officer look over the blueprint . something catch he eye . loan officer what be that ? kroc follow he gaze to the arch . he smile proudly . ray kroc oh , that 's just my little way of separate we from the pack . '' the Golden arch '' , I call ‘em . 39 . the loan officer pick up a bound prospectus prepare by kroc . artist renderings , project earning , etc . on kroc -- anxiously watch as he leaf through it . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) ( fill the air ) there 's nothing like it in the entire food - service sector . the loan officer look up from the material . loan officer you look familiar . have we meet ? ray kroc ( a drop uneasy ) I do not believe so . on loan officer , stare , determine to place the face . he snap he finger -- loan officer the fold-a-nook ! ( hint of smirk ) '' it 's like a Murphy bed ... for you Kitchen ! '' ext . midway saving & loan - moment later kroc exit the bank in defeat . int . illinois first federal - later kroc sit across from another loan officer , watch as he look over the prospectus . ray kroc there 's nothing like it in the entire food - service sector . the officer look up at kroc . loan officer # 2 have we meet ? the man search he face . kroc squirm . loan officer # 2 ( cont ’d ) the paper - cup guy . on kroc -- silent a long beat . 40 . ray kroc ( embarrassed , break ) among many other thing . the loan officer stare at kroc , take in he vulnerable , willy loman -esque visage . a wave of compassion / pity come over he . loan officer # 2 I tell you what . let I refer you to one of my colleague . somebody who may be better suite to meet you need . a few desk down - moment later kroc sit before a different loan officer . the man be fill out a application form for kroc . loan officer address ? ray kroc 143 juniper Road , Arlington Heights , Illinois . angle on the form as the man fill in kroc 's address . it 's a home -mortgage loan application . a desk plaque tell we this be harvey pelt - home mortgage representative . harvey pelt Home telephone number ? ray kroc let I give you my office number . kroc glance at he wedding ring . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) that 's the best place to reach I . int . kroc 's office - day angle on blueprint for the Des plain McDonald 's cover kroc 's wall . ray kroc ( 0.s. ) do you schedule the stakeout with the engineer ? JUNE martino ( 0.s. ) all set . 41 . on kroc -- at he desk , plow through a lengthy to - do list as June take note . ray kroc where be we at on fire department approval for driveway design ? JUNE martino Left a message yesterday . ray kroc call again . excavation permit ? JUNE martino meeting with they today . ray kroc insurer ? JUNE martino I leave a message yesterday . ray kroc call again . what about the zone office ? JUNE martino all set . on file with the city . ray kroc San bernardino ? JUNE martino I just speak to Dick . he say they be work on it . ray kroc work on it ? he let out a heaving , irritate sigh . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) it 's be a week . int . mcdonald be ( san bernardino ) - office - short time later Dick be at he desk . a employee stick he head in . employee Ray kroc , line one . dick mcdonald hiya , ray. 42. ray kroc ( 0.s. ) you boy be kill I . int . kroc 's office - continuous ( intercut as necessary . ) ray kroc what 's the hold up ? I break ground in two week . dick mcdonald this thing take time . you be propose substantial alteration . ray kroc I be add a basement and furnace . dick mcdonald we need we architect to thoroughly review it to make sure everything 's safe and up to code . ray kroc have he look at it yet ? dick mcdonald I be not sure , to be honest . ray kroc I can not afford to let this drag . dick mcdonald Ray , you need to take a breath . it have not even be a week . ray kroc I have get bulldozer roll up on the 23rd . dick mcdonald I be not the one who schedule that . ray kroc do you have any idea what it have cost I to push ? dick mcdonald hopefully , it will not come to that . on kroc -- 43 . ray kroc every restaurant in the Midwest have a basement and a furnace . this be standard stuff . dick mcdonald I understand . but you have to understand , it 's we name on that building . God forbid the floor cave in and people get hurt or worse because of some design flaw we miss , we be the one on the hook . so let 's just slow down a minute and make sure it 's do the right way . alright ? ponder Dick 's word of reason . ray kroc so much for the speedee system ! he hang up . short time later -- Mac be in the office with Dick . mac mcdonald then what do he say ? dick mcdonald he slam down the phone . mac mcdonald he hang up on you ? dick mcdonald unless we get violently disconnect . Dick look off , feel the first pang of buyer 's remorse . mac mcdonald it will be fine . ext . construction site - another day angle on a sign : coming soon - mcdonald 's famous hamburgers ! a hard - hatted kroc stand in a dirt lot , watch surveyor outline a building foundation . he head over to one of the surveyor , point to some detail -- 44 , ray kroc can we bring that out another foot ? JUNE martino ( 0.s. ) Sir ? June come over to kroc with a letter . he look at it , see the San bernardino return address . ray kroc read it . she open the letter , read aloud -- JUNE martino '' dear Ray , thank you for you letter share you idea to strike a deal with coca - cola to sponsor menu board at the new Des plain location . a intrigue notion , indeed . as you rightly point out , such a arrangement would provide a steady source of revenue to the store at no additional labor cost . on kroc -- pleased with the letter so far . JUNE martino ( cont ’d ) '' however ... int . pay phone - short time later kroc be on a pay phone across the street from the construction site . ray kroc small , along the bottom . very discrete . int . mcdonald be - san bernardino - continuous on the other end be Mac in the kitchen , he brother nearby . ( intercut as necessary . ) dick mcdonald I be sorry , Ray , but we be just not comfortable with the notion of turn we menu into a advertisement . ray kroc not a ad . sponsorship . 45 . dick mcdonald it 's distasteful . ray kroc it 's free money . dick mcdonald there be plenty of thing we could do to make a quick buck , but that do not mean we should . ray kroc load of restaurant do it . dick mcdonald well , we do not . ray kroc why not ? dick mcdonald because I have no interest in indulge in that sort of crass commercialism . it 's not McDonald 's . ray kroc I do not realize I be partner up with a beatnik . dick mcdonald I happen to be a card -carry Republican . ray kroc you coulda fool I ! he slam down the phone . again . short time later -- Mac and Dick , post -call . mac mcdonald he 's just a little ... excitable . dick mcdonald a hothead like that , you do not know what he 's capable of . mac mcdonald it 's all bluster , Dick . his bark be worse than he bite . 46 . dick mcdonald ( dark chuckle ) that 's what neville Chamberlain say . int . mcdonald be ( des plaine ) - day ( month later ) the brand - new Des plain McDonald 's , up and run . tracking shot , high -energy , as kroc move through the kitchen bark out order to he charge . it 's a bit militaristic in vibe , echoing Dick 's Hitler reference : '' watch that fries ! '' ... '' straighten that hat ! '' ... '' bun to the leave , pickle to the right ! '' ... '' let 's go , boy ! '' he pass a employee , catch he in a moment of repose -- ray kroc grab a mop ! if there 's time to lean , there 's time to clean ! track shot end at the grill , manned by a trio of griller oversee dozen of patty . kroc move down the line : griller # 1 , flipping a patty -- ray kroc ( cont ’d ) more wrist ! kroc grab the spatula , demonstrate proper form . he move onto griller # 2 , who 's lift a patty off the grill -- ray kroc ( cont ’d ) it 's still pink ! kroc put the patty back onto the grill . he move on to griller # 3 -- ray kroc ( cont ’d ) what the heck be you -- kroc trail off , realize griller # 3 be do nothing wrong . his patty be perfect , arrange in row so precise they could have be line up with a ruler . on kroc -- take in the eager young buck , who look maybe 21 . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) what 's you name ? 47 . griller # 3 Fred Turner , sir . ray kroc Fred Turner ... ( small , approve nod ) keep it up . fred turner yes , sir . kroc walk off . Turner be thrilled by the approval . ext . mcdonald be - night ( after hour ) under the glow of the arch , kroc scour the parking lot , fanatically clean . pick up discard cup , scraping gum off the underside of bench . int . kroc 's house - later ethel be asleep in bed . kroc enter , home from another long day of work . he start get undress . as he unbutton he shirt , he hear a sound . a tiny sniffle . ethel be awake , cry softly . he go over , sit on the bed next to she . ray kroc I be sorry . on kroc -- take in she sad , lonely face . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) I know I have neglect you . he look she in the eye . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) tomorrow night . let 's have supper at the club . ethel kroc ( surprised , hearten ) really ? ray kroc it 's be far too long . he hand she a tissue . she blow she nose . 48 . int . rolling GREEN country club - dine room - next night the dining room of a not especially upscale country club . kroc lead ethel to a big round table . at it be fellow club member , who warmly greet they . jerry cullen by George , I think I have see a ghost ! short time later -- the middle of the meal . Ray kibitze with the man , ethel engage in a cross -conversation with the wife . on ethel and the women -— club wife # 1 I hear acapulco be divine . club wife # 2 mild ballard be just there . she adore it . ethel nod along , not want to stick out . club wife # 2 ( cont ’d ) where do you like , ethel ? ethel kroc I ? ( beat , scramble ) Spain . club wife # 3 wonderful ! how be it ? ethel kroc ( backtrack ) I mean , we be think about it . Planning to , in the fall . nod and smile from the other woman . the conversation move on , bullet dodge . back to kroc and the men -- jerry cullen that 's the last time I try a sand wedge in that bunker ! hearty laugh from the other , loving the golf humor . 49 , jack horford how 's you game , Ray ? ray kroc lately ? non-existent . the man laugh , miss the literalness of the statement . jack horford I be no Ben hogan myself . on kroc -- see a open in the conversation . ray kroc ( cryptic smile ) but I do recently hit a hole - in - one of a different sort . the man glance at each other , intrigue . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) anyone interested in hearing about a exciting investment opportunity ? kroc sneak a glance at ethel . she 's stare at he , crestfallen . so this be why we be at the club . jack horford ( 0.s. ) ( chuckle ) here we go again ... on horford -- smile at kroc , a bit condescendingly . jack horford ( cont ’d ) what be it this time , Ray ? on ethel -- take in the way horford look at she husband . it irk she . ethel kroc hear he out . ethel look at Ray , look back at horford . ethel kroc ( cont ’d ) this be different . on kroc -- surprised and touch she have he back . he grab she hand under the table , look she reassuringly in the eye . yes , it be . it be different this time . 50 . series of shot : -- Jerry Cullen signing franchise papers as kroc look on . -- kroc and Jack horford , in hardhat , preside as ground be break at a construction site . behind they be a sign with McDonald 's mascot speedee , who say , '' howdy , schaumburg ! mcdonald 's be on the way ! '' -- kroc and ethel have dinner again at Rolling Green CC , kroc work the menfolk , trolling for franchise . -- kroc play a round of golf at the club , give he golf mate the sale spiel . -- kroc look on as one of the golf guy sign a contract . ext . mcdonald be ( schaumburg ) - day kroc pull into the parking lot of Jack horford 's brand - new schaumburg McDonald 's . there 's a line out front , not spectacular but solid . he park , head toward the restaurant . he slow , notice something . kroc 's Pov : a patron in he car , bite into a hamburger . stick out the side of the burger be a piece of lettuce . on kroc -- stare at the lettuce , disturb by the sight . ext . rolling GREEN C.C. - golf course - short time later Jack horford , part of a foursome , be about to tee off . golf buddy give it a whack , Jack . horford rear back to swing when , out the corner of he eye , he see -- kroc , storming onto the course , march toward he . as kroc get closer , horford see he 's hold something ... a hamburger . kroc get right up in he face with it . ray kroc what be this ? horford stare at the burger . 51 . jack horford it appear to be a hamburger . ray kroc it 's not a McDonald 's hamburger . he lift off the bun , point out its myriad deficiency -- ray kroc ( cont ’d ) too much ketchup . Three pickle not two . lettuce . lettuce , Jack ? jack horford do you think we could discuss this later ? we be in the middle of -- ray kroc and the patty . ( break it open ) tragically overcooked . jerry cullen ( 0.s. ) I do not know , Ray ... fellow franchise owner Jerry Cullen ( part of the foursome ) lean in , check out the burger . jerry cullen ( cont ’d ) look good to I . ray kroc ( glare at Cullen ) what the heck would you know about quality ? on cullen -- throw . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) I drop in on you store today . I must say , I be quite disturb . jerry cullen what by ? ray kroc for starter , the menu ... corn on the cob ? jerry cullen what 's wrong with corn on the cob ? ray kroc fry chicken ? 52 . jerry cullen people love fry chicken . ray kroc then they can go to a restaurant that serve it ! Cullen and horford trade glance , bewilder . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) and the filth . the kitchen look like some sort of manchurian slum . jerry cullen ( smirk ) with great chicken . everybody laugh . kroc be not amused . ray kroc ( to both of they ) be you aware of what go on at you restaurant ? do you even care ? jerry cullen look , Ray , I do not know about you , but I be retire . jack horford you say this have be a good place to park we money . it 's a investment , nothing more . jerry cullen if I want a job , I 'da apply for a cook position . on kroc -- silently stewing . int . kroc 's house - bedroom - night ethel be get dress , put on jewelry and makeup . Ray enter , home from work . ethel kroc hurry up and get change . dinner 's call for seven . ray kroc we be not go to the club tonight . 53 . ethel kroc you cancel we dinner plan ? ray kroc I cancel we membership . ethel kroc what ? ray kroc that Rolling Green people be not we kind . ethel kroc what be you talk about ? ray kroc I have lose interest in hobnob with the idle rich . ethel kroc idle rich ? ray kroc with they golf and they Rob roy . ethel kroc please tell I this be a joke . ray kroc contented . complacent . ethel kroc that be my friend , Ray . my entire social life ! ray kroc we will find new friend . ethel throw herself onto the bed , burst into tear . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) Far more suitable . ext . mcdonald be ( schaumburg ) - day kroc sit in he car across the street from Jack horford 's McDonald 's , anonymously watch -- kroc 's Pov : a crowd of annoyed customer wait for they food . a customer check he watch . 54 . customer ( to cashier ) how much longer ? kroc watch the shabbily run operation , sicken . he take a swig from he flask . the pre-lap sound of vomiting carry over to -- int . prince castle sale - men 's room - day kroc bent over the toilet , puke he gut out . int . office —- moment later kroc exit the bathroom , walk toward the front desk carry the man 's room key . salesman ( 0.s. ) just take a gander at this handsome gold inlay . kroc come to the desk , where he see a bible salesman ( 23 ) talk to June , briefcase full of sample pop open . salesman ( cont 'd ) you be tell I such spectacular craftsmanship be not worth $ 8.95 ? JUNE martino thank you , I be not interested . salesman not interested in a Bible sure to be the pride of you home library ? on kroc -- observe the young salesman . salesman ( cont 'd ) as you no doubt know , June , envy be one of the seven deadly sin . and that 's just what you friend and neighbor will be guilty of when they see this leather - bound beauty on you bookshelf . JUNE martino Sir , this be a private place of business . I be afraid I be go to have to ask you to leave . 55 . beat . the salesman gather up he thing , head out of the office . June 's telephone ring . JUNE martino ( cont ’d ) Prince Castle sale . ( beat , listen ) oh , hello , Mac . kroc hear the name . a knot instantly form in he stomach . JUNE martino ( cont ’d ) one moment , I 'il see if he 's in . she cover the phone , turn to kroc . JUNE martino ( cont ’d ) it 's Mac ... just want to know how it 's go . on kroc -- freeze , stare at the phone . int . hallway - continuous the salesman head down the hall toward the elevator . ray kroc ( 0.s. ) wait ! the salesman slow , turn . stand there be kroc , look he over , size he up . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) what 's you name ? salesman Leonard . Leonard rosenblatt . ray kroc rosenblatt . on kroc -- digest the name , intrigue . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) what 's a Jew do sell Catholic bible ? leonard rosenblatt ( unapologetic ) make a live . on kroc -- take in the hungry young go -getter . it 's not hard to read he mind . this be just the sort of fella I need . 56 . int . kroc 's office - day rosenblatt and he wife myra ( 22 ) sit across from kroc . kroc slide a pen and contract to they . on leonard and myra rosenblatt -- look at each other . excite , hopeful . a young couple , stake everything on a share dream . myra give he hand a squeeze . myra rosenblatt I believe in you . leonard rosenblatt we , myra . on kroc -- watch the interaction with admiration -- and a touch of jealousy . ext . mcdonald be ( the rosenblatt 's ) - day ( a few month later ) the rosenblatt 's new McDonald 's in waukegan , IL . festive bunt line the front , a banner proclaim grand open today ! a line of the curious and hungry form outside . int . kitchen - continuous the hustle and bustle of a smooth -run kitchen . it 's a model of cleanliness and professionalism , everything the country clubber 's location be not . on kroc -- in the middle of it all , observe , highly pleased . leonard rosenblatt ( 0.s. ) let 's go , chop-chop ! on rosenblatt -- move around the kitchen , bark out order , make sure everything 's just so . myra rosenblatt ( 0.s. ) here y’go , champ ! kroc look toward the front of the store , where he see ... myra , hand out lollipop to child . she 's wear a red apron that say mcdonald 's -- and a big smile on she face . kroc go over . she hand he a lollipop . myra rosenblatt ( cont ’d ) it 's normally ten and under , but for you I 'il make a exception . 57 . kroc look at the lollipop . tied to it be a ribbon with the store 's address on it . he could not be more impressed . ray kroc ( pre - lap ) you shoulda see ‘em . int . kroc 's house - bedroom - that night kroc be get undress for bed , buzzing . ray kroc you have never see a pair of dynamo like this two . on ethel -- in bed , half - listen , about to fall asleep . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) he 's in back , run the kitchen , she 's up front , pass out sucker to the kiddie . like a real team . ( beat ) it 's wonderful . do not you think ? no reply from the sleepy ethel . he give she a poke . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) do not you ? ethel kroc do not I what ? ray kroc think it 's wonderful . ( angle ) two people , side by side , work together ... ethel kroc be you try to hire I , Ray ? ray kroc you say you never see I anymore . this be a perfect way . ethel kroc I do not want to work for you . ray kroc with I . husband and wife , united in labor and in life . you know ? ethel kroc I mean ... 58 . on ethel -- ponder , really struggle with the notion . ethel kroc ( cont ’d ) not really . a stretch of tense , edgy silence . ray kroc I make we supper plan for Friday . ethel kroc I do not suppose you rejoin Rolling Green . ray kroc no. ( gaze off ) someplace far better . int . vfw hall - evening angle on a big banner across a wood - panele wall : vfw post 482 - friday night potluck dinner & bingo pan down to a long table line with couple . Blue -collar type , several rung down the social ladder from Rolling Green . and young , average age closer to 30 than 60 . in the midst of they , we find Ray and ethel . they be dress deliberately '' blue collar '' , match the people around they . on ethel -- edgily push she meatloaf and mashed potato around she plate . ray kroc ( 0.s. ) so , Art , what do you do for a live ? kroc be chat up the couple ( mid - 20 ) next to they . art wolodarsky well , I have a little plumbing business go for a while after get out of the service . now I sell vacuum cleaner . and give piano lesson on the side . ray kroc golly . plumb , pianos , you be a regular jack of all trade . art wolodarsky whatever put food on the table . 59 . Art 's wife smile proudly at she hard - work man . on kroc -- size they up . they fit the profile to a T . ray kroc how would you like to do more than merely '' put food on the table '' ? CUT to : int . kroc 's office - short time later Art wolodarsky signing up for a franchise , he faithful wife by he side . this lead to -- recruitment montage : kroc hunt for new recruit for the McDonald 's Army . Quick cut of kroc make the same speech in various place . shriner hall , synagogue , amway meeting : ray kroc I be look for a few good man ! hustler ! scrapper ! grinder ! Men willing to roll up they sleeve , man with fire in they belly ! ( beat ) I stand before you today offer something more precious than gold : opportunity . opportunity to advance . to succeed . to get you shot at the brass ring , the american dream . for McDonald 's , like this great nation itself , be a true meritocracy . if you be willing to put in the work , if you have get the gumption and the gut and the desire , the sky 's the limit at McDonald 's . put in the necessary elbow grease and , by gum , I promise you there 's a pot of gold wait for you at the end of that Golden arch . so who 's with I ? who 's ready to strap it on and step onto that first rung of the ladder of success ? who 's ready to make that glorious upward climb , ascend into the hard - win heaven of success and prosperity ? Shots of kroc gain traction , get on a roll : 60 . --young couple cash out bank account . -- kroc cut the ribbon at store opening . line down the block . Cash register ringing . -- kroc bite into a burger serve by the owner- operator of a new franchise . Art wolodarsky . -- kroc drive back to he own store in Des plain , sweeping the lot after dark . relentless . inexhaustible . obsess . end of montage . int . eastern airline - day a flight in mid-air . kroc , in a window seat , gaze out at the flat , snow - dust expanse below . next to he be Fred Turner , head bury in a McDonald 's operation manual . flight attendant ( 0.s. ) lady and gentleman , we be about to begin we initial descent into minneapolis - St. Paul . ext . mcdonald be - short time later kroc and Turner pull up to a brand - new McDonald 's in a taxi . stretched across the front be a banner : minnesota be mcdonald 's country ! they step out of the cab . jim zien ( 0.s. ) welcome ! jim zien , the store 's burly , gregarious owner , come out to greet they . with a showman 's flourish , he gesture to a pair of high - school cheerleader in McDonald 's red and white . jim zien ( cont 'd ) gimme a m! cheerleader m! jim zien gimme a C ! cheerleader cc! on kroc -- beam , eat up the red-carpet reception . 61 . jim zien ( 0.s. ) gimme a d! cheerleader ( 0.s. ) d! int . rollie 's steakhouse - later / evening kroc , Turner and Zien at a minneapolis steakhouse . the waiter be take they order . ray kroc ribeye . bloody . ( hand waiter menu , smile ) I want the cow still moo . everybody chuckle . kroc be really feel he oat . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) and a couple side of cream spinach for the table . short time later -- kroc be tucking into he enormous , bloody steak . jim zien how be it ? ray kroc you could not top this in Chicago . jim zien we do not mess around up here . ray kroc my compliment to the chef . jim zien I 'il do you one better . how about the owner ? with this , Zien wave at someone across the room . a man come over , give Zien a chummy back -pat . man Jimmy ! good to see ya ! we get the distinct sense this be pre-arranged . 62. man ( cont 'd ) everything alright tonight ? jim zien wonderful as always , rollie . Zien gesture toward he VIP guest -- jim zien ( cont 'd ) rollie Smith , Ray kroc . this be rollie smith , the owner . he enthusiastically shake kroc 's hand . rollie smith a pleasure . ray kroc you have get one helluva restaurant here . rollie smith come from you , that 's quite a compliment . ray kroc ( pleased ) I see my reputation precede I . rollie smith I be a great admirer . kroc gesture to a empty chair , eager for more flattery . rollie smith ( cont ’d ) ( fake -demurr ) I do not want to interrupt . ray kroc please . rollie smith maybe just a minute . one hour later -- a busboy be clear plate . Smith be still at the table . rollie smith ( cont ’d ) well , you have certainly find a warm and loving home here in minneapolis . 63 . ray kroc so it seem . rollie smith this town just can not get enough of McDonald 's . Smith raise kroc 's empty glass to a pass waiter . rollie smith ( cont ’d ) another canadian Club for my friend . the waiter nod , head off with the glass . rollie smith ( cont ’d ) ( resume -- ) in fact , I would say there 's sufficient enthusiasm to support another . ray kroc a second location ? rollie smith and come to think of it , I can think of the perfect person to own and operate . ray kroc ( gamely play along ) you do not say . rollie smith somebody who know what it take to build a great restaurant . someone with more than 25 year experience in the food-service industry . ray kroc who ? rollie smith me! ray kroc oh ! on kroc -- deeply enjoy this . for a man who 's spend he life grovel , suck up to people , try to curry favor , to be on the receive end be a thrill new experience . rollie smith I have get the know-how . I have get the backer . and I have get the location . 64 . a piano be hear in the background . Light , lovely tinkling . rollie smith ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) be you familiar with hennepin Avenue ? on kroc -- distract , look toward the piano . rollie smith ( cont ’d ) it 's one of the busy commercial artery in the whole twin city . there 's a prime site that recently become available , a full acre on the corner of hennepin and ... ( see kroc not listen ) Mr. kroc ? kroc be stare off , transfix . Smith follow he gaze to -- a attractive blonde , early 30 , play a baby grand piano in the corner . Smith watch kroc watch she , clearly smitten . rollie smith ( cont ’d ) would you like to meet she ? this get kroc 's attention . moment later -— Smith be at the piano , lean in to the woman 's ear , say something . she get up , go over to the table with he . rollie smith Ray kroc , meet Joan Smith . ( beat ) my wife . short time later -- Joan be sit next to kroc , hang on he every word . ray kroc ..- milwaukee , kenosha , Grand rapid and the three Chicago area . joan smith goodness . ray kroc oh , and dayton , ohio. 65 . joan smith all in the last 12 month ? ray kroc nine . joan smith nine ? you must be positively dizzy , Mr. kroc! ray kroc please . call I Ray . joan smith ( eye contact , purr ) Ray ... kroc blushes , defenseless against the ego-strok of a pretty blonde . rollie smith that 's some growth . joan smith when do you start it ? ray kroc ( catch off guard ) hm ? joan smith what year , do you start McDonald 's ? beat . kroc look at Joan look at he . so beautiful . so impressed . ray kroc 1954 . a beat as the lie settles . she smile . joan smith remarkable . kroc smile back . she 's get he wrap around she finger . joan smith ( cont ’d ) I should probably get back . ray kroc to where ? 66 . joan smith the piano . ray kroc of course . he nod , privately disappointed . joan smith what 's you favorite song ? ( beat ) all - time favorite . he think for a beat . ray kroc '' penny from Heaven '' . Joan get up , head over to the piano . she start to play . Ray immediately recognize the melody . joan smith every time it rain , it rain / penny from heaven ... on kroc -- charme , immensely turn on . joan smith ( cont ’d ) do not you know each cloud contain / penny from heaven ? kroc get up , head to the piano . take a seat on the bench next to she . removing she hand from the key , he start to play the song . and sing . ray kroc you will find you fortune fallin’ all over town / be sure that you umbrella be upside down ... on joan -- surprised and amaze . he lean in , sotto voce : ray kroc ( cont ’d ) worked as a organ salesman for a few year . she smile , charme . possibly genuine . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) Trade they for a package of sunshine and flower ... ( to Joan ) join in . 67 . she do -- ray kroc and joan smith if you want the thing you love , you must have shower ... on the room -- eat up the surprise duet . include rollie . ray kroc and joan smith ( cont ’d ) so when you hear it thunder , do not run under a tree / there will be penny from heaven for you and I big applause . kroc stand up and take a bow , bask in it . Joan stand up , clap too . joan smith bravo , Ray ! int . airplane - day ( the flight home ) kroc gaze out the window in a state of dreamy reverie . it 's not hard to tell what ( or who ) he 's think about . int . kroc 's house - day kroc enter the house . ethel be in a live - room chair read a Barbara cartland romance novel . ethel kroc how be the trip ? ray kroc you want to know ? ethel kroc I be ask . ray kroc it be ... triumphant . ( beat ) they roll out the red carpet for I . I be welcome like a king . wherever I go , I be shower with adulation . admiration . respect . people be kneel before I , kissing my ring , practically begging for a McDonald 's . a beat as ethel absorb . 68. ethel kroc that 's nice . ray kroc it be . ethel kroc I be sure . she nod to herself , hard to read . ethel kroc ( cont ’d ) Pope Raymond the first . int . kroc 's office - day kroc stand before a U.S. map on the wall . there be a dozen or so push pin stick in it , mostly cluster around Chicago and the upper Midwest . on kroc -- surveying the map with the bear of a general , hand clasped behind he back . JUNE martino ( 0.s. ) Sir ? June be stand by the door . JUNE martino ( cont ’d ) we have a small problem . int . kroc 's office - day kroc at he desk with June . spread out before they be the company 's financial ledger , open to a page . ray kroc how could we be almost out of capital ? JUNE martino well ... she run she finger down a column of figure . ray kroc what 's that ? JUNE martino you revenue . the monthly cut of the store . 69 . ray kroc that 's it ? JUNE martino 1.4 percent of net . ray kroc 1.4 ? JUNE martino 1.9 , minus Dick and Mac 's half percent . she seem way more familiar with the term than he do . short time later -- kroc be look at he contract . a passage we glimpse earlier , at the signing : ...- shall receive one and nine - tenths percent ( 1.9 % ) of net profit generate by franchisee ( S ) , with one -half of one percent ( 0.5 % ) of say net profit pay to richard mcdonald and maurice mcdonald ... kroc shake he head , not happy . ext . mcdonald be ( san bernardino ) - short time later Dick be accept a large shipment of cup and plastic ware . he sign , hand the clipboard back to the delivery man . employee ( 0.s. ) Mr. McDonald ? Dick turn , see a young employee . employee ( cont ’d ) Ray kroc on the line . int . back office - short time later Mac stand behind Dick , who pick up the phone , both of they brace for it . dick mcdonald hiya , Ray . ray kroc ( 0.s. ) I want to renegotiate . dick mcdonald renegotiate what ? int . kroc 's office - continuous kroc pace , contract in hand . ( intercut as necessary . ) ray kroc my deal . my lousy deal . Dick look totally take aback . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) 1.4 be barely enough to cover my monthly nut , much less drive expansion . dick mcdonald Ray , that be the term . ray kroc it 's not enough . dick mcdonald it 's more than triple we cut . ray kroc then you oughta be get more , too . dick mcdonald I be not a greedy man . ray kroc it 's not about greed , it 's about take care of ourselves so we can take care of this company . if I have more money to work with , we could be grow at twice the pace . dick mcdonald I have no beef with the current rate of expansion . ray kroc we have not get a single location in New York . Pennsylvania . dick mcdonald all in good time . ray kroc Texas ! 70 . 71 . dick mcdonald I have no doubt it 'il come . ray kroc I have be busting my hump for you boy . dick mcdonald and you be do a bang - up job . ray kroc then I ought to be do better than just break even . dick mcdonald I do not know what to say . ray kroc say you will renegotiate . dick mcdonald I can not . ray kroc can not or will not ? dick mcdonald upping you cut , it would not be fair to the franchise . ray kroc the franchise be do just fine . I be the one drown . between you molass approval process and the meager cut ... dick mcdonald you freely and willingly agree to the term of you deal , Ray . nobody put a gun to you head . ray kroc four percent . dick mcdonald no. ray kroc Three and a half . dick mcdonald Ray ... ray kroc what ? dick mcdonald no. ray kroc goddammit ! he hang up . kitchen - short time later post-call . Dick be gaze off stormily . mac mcdonald be he a pain in the rear ? yes . have he get a few screw loose ? maybe . but that do not mean he 's go to do we any harm . dick mcdonald how long be you go to keep this up , Mac ? mac mcdonald keep what up ? dick mcdonald the whole '' everything be fine '' act . ( eye contact ) there 's a wolf in the henhouse ! and we let he in ! on mac -- look nauseous . guilty . dick mcdonald ( cont ’d ) I never should have listen . mac mcdonald we have a contract , Dick . for just this sort of thing . dick mcdonald I should have trust my gut . mac mcdonald he 's powerless . beat . Dick shake he head grimly . mac mcdonald ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , Dick . 73. Dick be silent , furious at he brother . at himself . mac mcdonald ( cont 'd ) I just want you to have you ... he trail off , seemingly lose he train of think . mac mcdonald ( cont 'd ) I just want ... his face grow flushed . Dick see something be off . dick mcdonald mac. mac mcdonald I be sorry , dickie ... on dick -- recognize what this be . mac mcdonald ( cont 'd ) I do not mean to leave the gate open ... dick mcdonald take a seat . mac mcdonald I do not mean to let boomer get out ... dick mcdonald ( move toward brother ) Mac , you be have one of you -- crash . Mac flop over , crash to the floor . san bernardino - kitchen - short time later Mac be sit on the floor nursing a milkshake . next to he be a tin box mark glucagon emergency kit . dick mcdonald a few more sip . Mac take a sip of the shake . his sleeve be roll up , revealing a medic alert bracelet . engrave on it be diabete type 1 . mac mcdonald I be okay . on dick -- look at he brother with love and worry . 74 . on mac -- gaze off at something ... the multimixer on the counter . kroc 's machine , use to make the shake in he hand . int . kroc 's office - day kroc sit at he desk . next to a bottle of canadian Club be a pile of bill and invoice . he pick one up . it 's from illinois first federal , stamp past due . he pick up another one . from chicago gas & electric . he stare at the amount owed . ray kroc ( pre - lap ) ninety - four dollar ? int . mcdonald be ( des plaine ) - cooler - short time later kroc in the walk - in cooler with Fred Turner . in kroc 's hand be the Chicago Gas & electric bill . fred turner it 's unbelievable what this sucker cost to run . kroc shake he head , a knot in he stomach . fred turner ( cont 'd ) my pop use to own a ice-cream parlor . he go belly - up from the refrigeration cost . kroc 's eye drift to the leave side of the cooler . the entire side be fill with drum of ice cream ( for the milkshake ) . on kroc -- stare at the drum . int . kroc 's house - entrance / live room - day kroc enter the house . he hang up he coat and make a beeline for the liquor cabinet , pour himself a stiff drink . ethel kroc ( 0.s. ) a man call today . kroc turn , startle to see ethel in a recliner in a corner of the darken room . ray kroc ethel. 75 . ethel kroc from a bank . ray kroc alright ... ethel kroc Illinois first Federal . ray kroc what do they want ? ethel kroc you do not know ? ray kroc why would I ? she give he a unnerve stare . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) what ? ethel kroc Ray ... ( eye contact ) do you mortgage we home ? on kroc -- a deer in the headlight . int . illinois first federal - day kroc march through the bank to harvey peltz 's desk . ray kroc I specifically say the office be the best place to reach I ! on pelt -- take aback by the intrusion . harvey pelt I try you there , Mr. kroc. numerous time . ray kroc you have no right to call I at my home . it be a blatant invasion of privacy . 76 . harvey pelt with all due respect , sir , when you be three month behind on you payment , you do not get to pick and choose where you be contact . int . kroc 's car - day kroc drive along a highway . a sign appear ahead : minneapolis - 377 mile ext . mcdonald be ( rollie smith ) - night kroc approach a gleam new McDonald 's in downtown minneapolis . he look through a window , into the store . on kroc -- gaze . kroc 's Pov : Joan Smith in a McDonald 's apron , look just adorable . pretty much he fantasy image of a woman . out the corner of she eye , she see kroc through the glass . she head out to he . joan smith Ray ? ray kroc ( jokey ) . surprise inspection ! joan smith what be you do here ? ray kroc just think I have fly up , see how thing be go . she smile , impressed . it make he feel great . int . rollie 's steakhouse - later kroc have dinner with rollie and Joan . rollie smith $ 12,400 . ray kroc that 's some haul for month one . 77 . rollie smith and once we clear start - up cost ... ray kroc you will be look at a tidy little profit . rollie and Joan nod , buzzing over the prospect . rollie smith speak of which : I hate to mix business with pleasure ... ray kroc ( wry ) I do not . everyone chuckle . rollie proceed . rollie smith my expense ... ray kroc what about ‘em ? rollie smith well , they be a bit higher than anticipate . one in particular ... that dang walk - in . on kroc -- interested to hear more . rollie smith ( cont ’d ) the bill 's a real whopper . ray kroc all that ice cream . rollie smith exactly . ray kroc it 's a real problem . a busboy come by , clear they finish plate . rollie smith now , I do not want to overstep my bound here , but I think I may have find a solution . ( look at Joan , proud ) Joan do , actually . 78 . ray kroc you do not say . kroc turn to Joan , all ear . joan smith ( salesman - like ) what if I tell you there be a way to save you , we , and all you owner - operator literally hundred of dollar a year in electrical cost ? kroc cock a intrigue eyebrow . joan smith ( cont ’d ) and free up valuable storage space . and reduce the amount of time it take to make a milkshake by half . ray kroc I will bite . she reach under the table , pull out she purse . she take out a copy of restaurant business monthly , slide it to kroc . joan smith page 22 . kroc open the trade publication to page 22 . a full - page ad for something call inst -a-mix . the ad copy trumpet : attention restaurant operator ! introducing inst -a-mix , the miraculous instant ice - cream substitute that will save you ' scoopful 's of time and money ! greater volume ! higher profit ! make refrigeration a thing of the past ! joan smith ( cont ’d ) a powder milkshake . cost a fraction of ice cream , no refrigeration necessary . rollie smith thicken agent and emulsifier simulate the texture of milk fat . tastes just like the real thing . joan kroc and it 's easy as pie to prepare . just pour the convenient single - serve packet into water and stir . 79 . on kroc -- stare at the ad poker - face . rollie and Joan can not get a read on he reaction . rollie smith I realize it may seem a tad blasphemous , what with you dairy - sector background and all . joan smith but personally ... Joan look at kroc , touch he hand . joan smith ( cont ’d ) I think it 's a marvelous idea . on kroc -- privately quivering at the touch . waiter ( 0.s. ) could I interest anyone in dessert ? the waiter hold out a dessert menu to the table . rollie smith no thanks , vic. ( to kroc , cryptic smile ) we bring we own . moment later -- angle on a pair of silver - foil packet in front of Joan . joan smith chocolate or vanilla ? ray kroc vanilla . Joan take one of the packet , mark '' V '' , dump the powdery content into a glass . she pour in some water , stir . on kroc -- watch with fascination as it thicken . within second , it transform into what look like a vanilla shake . Joan slide it to kroc . all eye on he as he take a sip . a long , anxious beat from the table . joan smith what do you think ? ray kroc I think ... I be drink a delicious vanilla shake ! 80 . the table erupt in happy , relieved laughter . joan smith May I ? kroc follow she eye to the shake . he give she a '' be my guest '' nod . she raise the glass to she lip , take a long , languorous sip . kroc watch , highly turn on . she put the glass down , smile at kroc . joan smith ( cont ’d ) I could not resist . kroc 's gaze drift to the glass . on the rim be a bright - red lipstick MARK . he stare at it . rollie smith ( 0.s. ) so whaddaya say ? kroc look at rollie , shake out of he moment . rollie smith ( cont ’d ) we try it out at we place . then , if it go well ... joan smith you roll it out nationally . on kroc -- suddenly a tad queasy , think of the brother . he nod vaguely . ray kroc I could . a strange , shaky beat . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) let I think about it . rollie and Joan nod , surprised . they be expect a big , unreserve yes . rollie smith of course . you be the boss . kroc nod , privately churn . if they only know . int . motel room - night kroc be sit on the bed look at the inst -a- mix ad in '' Restaurant Business monthly '' . on the nightstand be a pint of four rose bourbon , empty . he dial the phone . 81 . ray kroc just hear I out . int . mcdonald be ( san bernardino ) - night the restaurant be close . Dick be on the front- counter phone . dick mcdonald ( instantly wary ) hello , Ray . on mac -- clean up in the background . his ear prick up . ray kroc what if I tell you there be a way to save you , I , and all we owner - operator literally hundred of dollar a year in electrical cost ? dick mcdonald and what would that be ? ray kroc two word : powder milkshake . ( before Dick can reply - -) there 's a remarkable new product I recently come across call inst -a - mix . it 's a powder milkshake , cost a fraction of ice cream , no refrigeration necessary . dick mcdonald Ray -- ray kroc I try it , and let I tell you , it be delicious . tastes just like the real thing . dick mcdonald be this some sort of joke ? ray kroc come in vanilla or chocolate . dick mcdonald Ray . ray kroc I , I be a vanilla man . 82 . dick mcdonald I have no interest in a milkshake that contain no milk . ray kroc you will not be able to tell the difference . guarantee . dick mcdonald why do not we put sawdust in the hamburger while we be at it ? ray kroc I be be serious . dick mcdonald frozen french fries ! ray kroc you do not want to save a bundle ? dick mcdonald not like that . ray kroc we be talk the same great taste while boost you bottom line . dick mcdonald it 's call a milk shake , Ray . ray kroc not to mention freeing up all that cooler space . I do not know about you , but I would sure like to -- dick mcdonald milk . now and forever . on kroc -- shut down . yet again . ray kroc well , thanks for give it you full and sincere consideration . ( feed up ) as always . motel room —- short time later kroc silently gaze off . he fling the magazine across the room , knock over a lamp . 83 . int . kroc 's office - day kroc stare at the ever-grow mountain of bill on he desk . his gaze drift to a letter from illinois first federal mark final notice . int . illinois first federal - day kroc be sit with harvey peltz , he home - mortgage officer . ray kroc you have get to extend my line . harvey pelt until you build more equity in you home or pay down the loan ... ray kroc my business be booming . harvey pelt unfortunately , that 's immaterial . ray kroc thirteen location in nine state ! harvey pelt it 's a home -equity loan . ray kroc then give I a business loan . reveal , on the other side of a partition : a patrician , silver - haire businessman sit across from a empty chair , listen in as he wait for he banker to return . harvey pelt this 13 location . they be yours ? ray kroc meaning ? harvey pelt you own they ? ray kroc I mean , not in the strict sense . harvey pelt so then what be you asset ? ray kroc mine personally ? 84 . harvey pelt it be you business , correct ? you own it ? ray kroc not technically , per se . the businessman cringe for the poor , floundering schlub on the other side of the partition . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) I be the head of franchise . I be the one behind all the growth . harvey pelt that 's all well and good , but -- ray kroc have you ever be to a McDonald 's ? the name catch the businessman 's ear . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) we have get three store right here in the chicagoland area . perhaps if you swing by , take a look . harvey pelt that 's quite alright . ray kroc I would be happy to give you a tour , give you a better sense of -- harvey pelt thank you . I have get the gist . ext . illinois first federal - moment later kroc exit the bank in defeat . he slump off toward he car . businessman Mr. kroc. kroc turn , see the man approach . kroc look he over . dress in a impeccably tailore suit , he have the finish , cosmopolitan air of a New Yorker . ray kroc can I help you ? businessman no . but perhaps I can help you . 85 . he hand kroc a business card . kroc look at it : harry J. sonneborn - vice - president of finance - the tastee - freez corporation ray kroc thanks . we be perfectly happy with we current supplier . kroc hand back the card , start to walk off . harry sonneborn I be not look to sell you ice cream . ray kroc then what do you want ? harry sonneborn I catch a bit of you conversation back there . sound like you be have some financial trouble . ray kroc why do not you mind you own business ? harry sonneborn I be a great admirer of you establishment . ray kroc that 's very nice . harry sonneborn I lunch at you waukegan location at least thrice a week . and not once have I ever fail to witness a large , avid crowd . ray kroc you point be ... harry sonneborn if you be not make money hand over fist , something be gravely amiss . this get kroc 's attention . int . prince castle sale - short time later 86 . kroc enter the office with sonneborn . as they pass the front desk : ray kroc June , fetch the ledger . int . kroc 's office - short time later kroc and sonneborn sit in front of the ledger . harry sonneborn so to summarize , you have a miniscule revenue stream , no cash reserve , and a albatross of a contract that require you to go through a glacially slow approval process to enact change -- if they be approve at all . which they never be . ( beat ) be I miss anything ? ray kroc I believe that cover it . on sonneborn -- think . harry sonneborn tell I about the land . ray kroc land ? harry sonneborn the land , the building , how that whole aspect of it work . ray kroc well , it 's pretty simple really . the franchisee find a piece of land he like , take out a lease . usually 20 - year . he get himself a construction loan , put up the building , and off he go . harry sonneborn so the operator select the site . ray kroc yes . harry sonneborn he pick the property . not you . kroc nod , unsure why he 's so curious about all of this . harry sonneborn ( cont ’d ) you supply the training , the system , the operational know -how , and he 's responsible for the rest . ray kroc correct . on sonneborn -- processing . he seem troubled . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) be there a problem ? harry sonneborn a big one . ray kroc which be ? harry sonneborn that you do not seem to realize what business you be in . ( beat ) you be not in the burger business . you be in the real -estate business . kroc look totally confuse . harry sonneborn ( cont ’d ) you do not build a empire off a 1.4 percent cut of a 15 - cent hamburger . you build it by own the land upon which that burger be cook . on kroc -- wrestle with this strange notion . harry sonneborn ( cont ’d ) what you ought to be do be buy up plot of land , then turn around and lease say plot to franchise , who as a condition of they deal should be permit to lease from you and you alone . this will provide you with two thing : one , a steady , upfront revenue stream . money flow in before the first stake be in the ground . two , great capital for expansion . ( more ) 87 . 88. harry sonneborn ( cont ’d ) which in turn fuel further land acquisition , which in turn fuel further expansion . and so on and so on . ( beat ) land ... that 's where the money be . ( beat ) and control . Control over the franchisee : fail to uphold quality standard , you cancel they lease . Control over Dick and Mac : they power stop at the building 's foundation . your go to the soil . on kroc -- absorb , register the full significance . ray kroc if I be to do this ... the brother ... this would effectively ... harry sonneborn yes . a long beat . kroc search he soul . we can almost see the angel and the Devil on he shoulder . montage : harry sonneborn ( cont ’d ) so whaddaya say , Ray ? the Harry & Ray show . sonneborn and kroc jump into action : -- sonneborn take meeting with banker and investor in New York City . confidently present he sweeping vision to conference room of heavy hitter . he stand in sharp contrast to kroc ... kroc be Main Street , sonneborn be Wall Street . kroc be a salesman , sonneborn be a businessman . -- hand be shake , deal be strike . -- kroc criss -crossing the country by plane shopping for land . scout suburban neighborhood , plot of land near school and church . fertile ground for the plant of arch . -- kroc 's U.S. map fill in with push pin . 15 , 20 , 30 ... -- kroc and sonneborn preside over lease signing . moline , nashville , orlando , kalamazoo . -- New franchise comb through thick , 100 - page agreement . glimpsis of legalese : 89 . ... any and all change or modification must be ... ..- should lessee fail to uphold standard of conduct and quality as deemed by lessor , lessor have the right to ... Control . for kroc. end of montage . ext . mcdonald be ( san bernardino ) - morning the restaurant , not yet open for the day . a mailman go over to Dick with a stack of mail . Dick open a letter , troubled by what he see . int . kitchen - continuous Mac be wiping down the front counter . dick mcdonald ( 0.s. ) have you hear of the franchise Realty Corporation ? Mac turn , see Dick hold the letter . mac mcdonald what be it ? dick mcdonald I have no clue . but apparently Ray kroc be president and ceo . Mac take the letter , instantly nauseous . angle on letter , write on franchise realty corporation letterhead . the letter itself be some innocuous bit of McDonald 's business from kroc to the brother . it 's really just a excuse to flash the letterhead . and the signature at the bottom : raymond A. kroc - president / ceo int . prince castle sale - short time later June be at the front desk . she pick up a ringing phone . JUNE martino franchise Realty Corporation , how may I direct you call ? behind she , workmen be take down the Prince Castle sale sign and put up a new one in its place : franchise realty corporation 90 . int . kroc 's office - moment later kroc pick up he phone . ( intercut as necessary . ) ray kroc hello , Dick . how be you ? dick mcdonald well , if you really want to know , I be tad miff . ray kroc what seem to be the trouble ? dick mcdonald franchise Realty Corporation . ray kroc what about it ? dick mcdonald for starter , would you mind tell I what it be ? ray kroc oh , nothing really . just a little something I create to help provide lease service and support to we new franchise . Dick can practically hear kroc 's smirk through the phone . dick mcdonald you know full well you can not do something like that without first clear it . ray kroc why would I need to do that ? dick mcdonald why ? because as you deal plainly state , any and all change must — ray kroc it 's not a change . dick mcdonald Excuse I ? ray kroc it 's not a change . it 's a company . its own separate company . which put it outside of you purview . 91 . dick mcdonald anything relate to McDonald 's be within we -- ray kroc you boy have full say over what go on inside the restaurant . but outside ? above ? below ?... you authority stop at the door . and the floor . on mac -- stand in the doorway , sick to he stomach . he can not hear what kroc be say , but he know it 's not good . int . kroc 's office - another day kroc be lean against he desk , arm fold confidently , big grin on he face . it 's a slightly weird sight until we hear the click of a camera and realize it 's a photo shoot . photographer let 's try a few by the map . the photographer lead kroc to the expansion map , which be significantly more crowded with pin now . kroc strike the same pose , arm winningly cross . photographer ( cont ’d ) good , good . kroc impulsively grab a prop hamburger off the desk , hold it up for the camera . photographer ( cont ’d ) Love it . kroc playfully pretend to take a big bite . photographer ( cont ’d ) ( snap away ) that 's a riot ! int . mcdonald be ( rollie smith ) - day rollie be hustling about the kitchen , supervise the lunch rush . man' voice ( 0.s. ) ( gruff ) Delivery . 92. he turn , expect to see a delivery man . instead , Ray kroc be stand there , lean against three box on a dolly . ray kroc ( like a delivery guy ) where ya want this ? int . back office - moment later kroc look on as rollie open one of the box , unsure what 's inside . angle on box 's content : hundred of silver - foil packet . rollie smith ( excited , surprised ) yeah ? ray kroc I have think it over . on joan -- also there , anxiously await kroc 's next word . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) approve . joan smith really ? oh , thank you ! ray kroc thank you . it 's a whiz -bang idea . and you think of it . kroc revel in the feel of play kingmaker . rollie smith well , we be deeply honore to serve as you test market . ray kroc to heck with that . I be roll it out nationally . Joan gasp , honore , thrilled . her idea , implement across the country . on rollie -- look at Joan look at Ray . we finally detect the first stirring of jealousy . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) speak of inst -a - mix , have you see the new issue of '' rbm '' ? 93 . kroc reach inside he coat , pull out a copy of '' Restaurant Business monthly '' . hand it to rollie . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) hot off the press . on rollie -- take in the cover ... angle on magazine . kroc be the cover boy . a big photo of he in he office , smile , hold the hamburger . the headline : mcdonald 's take a bite out of the competition - upstart hamburger emporium be ' on the grow 's on joan -- look at Ray on the cover . look at Ray in the flesh . int . kroc 's house - bedroom - night ethel be asleep in bed , alone . live room - continuous kroc be on the phone , speak quietly . ray kroc ( intrigue ) bloomington ... int . rollie and joan smith 's house - continuous Joan be on the kitchen phone , also speak softly . she 's wear a nightie . joan smith it 's about 10 mile south of downtown . they be building a brand - new sport stadium there . ray kroc I read about that . joan smith we be get a professional baseball and football team . they 's 11l both be play there . ray kroc I think I see where you be go with this ... 94 , joan smith a 40000 - seat stadium , just a stone 's throw away . imagine the foot traffic . ray kroc hungry family look for a bite after the ballgame . joan smith or before . whenever . ray kroc I like the way you think , Joan . you think big . joan smith be there any other way to ? ray kroc you would be surprised . his gaze drift downward . to he wedding ring . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) a lot of people , they be scared . of take a chance . reaching for greatness . joan smith that 's so sad . ray kroc I agree . ambition , that 's the stuff of life . joan smith what 's that say ? '' fortune favor the bold . '' ray kroc absolutely . joan smith just look at you . ray kroc be you call I bold , Joan ? joan smith you do not build a restaurant empire act like a timid little mouse . 95 . bedroom - short time later kroc lie in bed next to ethel . his hand drift downward under the cover , toward he nether region . int . kroc 's office - day kroc , Harry sonneborn and Fred Turner stand huddle over a map of Texas . harry sonneborn ( be : some city on map ) that 's a fast - grow area . the phone ring outside the room . harry sonneborn ( cont ’d ) and cheaper . you be talk a good 15 percent less per acre . ray kroc I still say Houston 's the move . JUNE martino ( 0.s. ) Sir ? June martino be stand in the doorway . JUNE martino ( cont ’d ) Dick on line one . int . mcdonald be - san bernardino - continuous Dick on the phone in he office , Mac in the background . dick mcdonald I just get a very disconcert call . kroc on the other end -- Harry , Fred and June listen in . kroc have a smug , cocky air , '' play to the crowd '' a bit . ray kroc oh ? dick mcdonald from buddy jepsen . we operator in Sacramento . ray kroc I be well aware who buddy jepsen be . 96 . dick mcdonald he tell I he receive a shipment this morning . ray kroc it arrive ? dick mcdonald you be way out of line , Ray . ray kroc I figure it would not get there until Friday the earliest . dick mcdonald would you mind tell I what you be do shipping four case of inst - a - mix to one of we operator ? ray kroc if you be not interested in turn a profit , that 's fine . but please do not stop the rest of we . dick mcdonald we ? ray kroc we . as in everyone but you . dick mcdonald who do you send they to ? ray kroc everyone but you . dick mcdonald you have no right , Ray . you be to stop this instant . be that clear ? ray kroc Nah . dick mcdonald Excuse I ? ray kroc you hear I . Nah . dick mcdonald what the hell 's that mean ? 97 . ray kroc it mean from now on I 'il be do thing my way . dick mcdonald you will abide by the term of you deal . ray kroc I be through take march order from you . bow to you dictate . you and you endless parade of nos . dick mcdonald you have a contract . ray kroc do not grow , do not change ... cower in the face of progress ... dick mcdonald if phony powder milkshake be you idea of progress , you have a profound misunderstanding of what McDonald 's be about . ray kroc I have a far better understanding of McDonald 's than you two yokel . dick mcdonald what do you say ? ray kroc you hear I . dick mcdonald you will do as we say . ray kroc nope . dick mcdonald you have a contract . ray kroc contract be like heart . they be make to be break . int . kroc 's house - dine room - night kroc and ethel eat dinner together in edgy silence . all we hear be the sound of knife scraping plate as meat be cut . 98 . ethel kroc please pass the salt . ( he pass it ) thank you . ray kroc you be welcome . another stretch of silence . cut and chew . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) I want a divorce . int . lawyer' office - day the big , oak - panele office of a top Chicago law firm . kroc sit across from a lawyer . lawyer it 's not so simple . he look down at a document in he hand , kroc 's contract with the brother . lawyer ( cont 'd ) this contract , it 's ironclad . ray kroc I do not care what it take . match CUT to : int . another lawyer 's office - day virtually the identical scene , except a different office and different lawyer . ray kroc just get I out . lawyer # 2 she 's gonna put up one hell of a fight . ray kroc she can have it all . the house , the car , the insurance policy ... lawyer # 2 ( tread lightly ) what about the ... 99 . ray kroc never . I would sooner die than give that woman one share of McDonald 's . int . mcdonald be ( san bernardino ) - office - day Dick enter the office . he notice a package on he desk , address to he and Mac . he open it , pull out a silver - foil inst - a - mix packet . it 's stamp '' 8s '' . Dick reach in , pull out a handwritten note from kroc : new flavor ... strawberry . maybe you all like this one ! -- best , ray his dismay be soon eclipse by something else : the note from kroc ; it 's not on franchise Realty Corporation letterhead . the letterhead say the mcdonald's corporation . it 's sign at the bottom raymond A. kroc - president . int . franchise realty corporation - short time later Workmen be take down the franchise Realty Corporation sign at the front desk , a new one go up in its place : the mcdonald 's corporation . ray kroc ( 0.s. ) it be confusing . int . kroc 's office - continuous kroc on the phone . ray kroc no one know it have anything to do with McDonald 's . int . san bernardino - continuous Dick on the other end . Mac there , too . dick mcdonald what 's confusing be you call yourself the McDonald 's Corporation . on mac -- listen , strangely calm . 100 . dick mcdonald ( cont ’d ) people will think it 's the whole company , not just the real -estate arm . which I strongly suspect be what you hope . without warning , Mac snatch the phone out of Dick 's hand -- mac mcdonald it 's not you company , ray ! ray kroc Mac . mac mcdonald do you understand that ? ray kroc do not get all bent out of shape . mac mcdonald we come up with the speedee system , not you . us. what do you ever come up with , Ray ? name one thing . you can not . because you never have and you never will . you be a leech ! you be a professional leech ! on dick -- stunne by he brother 's outburst . ray kroc would you like to know what I come up with ? i’1l tell you , Mac . I come up with a concept . a highly novel concept call win . you boy be content to sit back and be a couple of also-ran . to let the future run roughshod over you . I , I want to take the future . I want to win . and you do not get there by be some aw - shuck , nice - guy sap . there 's no place in business for people like that . Business be war . it 's rat eat rat , dog eat dog . if my competitor be drown , I would reach out and stick a goddamn hose in he mouth . can you say the same ? mac mcdonald I can not , nor would I want to . ray kroc hence you single location . 101 . mac mcdonald I want you out of this company . ray kroc and how do you propose to do that ? mac mcdonald whatever it take . we will sue you if necessary . ray kroc you could not afford to sue I . I could bury you in court cost alone . I be the president and ceo of a major corporation with landholdings in 17 state . you run a burger stand in the desert . ( blister , nuclear ) I be national . you be fuck local . kroc hear a loud thud through the phone . Mac have collapsed to the floor . the wail of a ambulance siren carry we to -- int . hospital room - day Mac lie in a hospital bed look pale and weak . Dick stand by as dr . reeve talk to mac. dr . reeve you have be follow you eat plan ? ( Mac nod ) check you glucose level ? ( Mac nod ) take you medication on a consistent basis ? ( Mac nod ) regular walk , 20 minute a day ? ( Mac nod ) no smoking ? ( Mac nod ) any stress ? mac mcdonald ( beat , understatement of century ) some. 102 . dr . reeve you need to watch that . it 's a big contribute factor . the doctor flip to a page in Mac 's chart . dr . reeve ( cont 'd ) as I say , you kidney function 's currently at 50 percent . 18 month ago , it be 65 . any lower , you be at serious risk for kidney failure . int . hospital room - day Mac be do a crossword puzzle , Dick in a chair nearby . Mac Mac mac mcdonald '' William who rode with Paul revere . '' dick mcdonald how many letter ? mac mcdonald five , fourth letter E. dick mcdonald daw . pencil it in . a knock at the door . mac mcdonald come in . and Dick look toward the door , stunne to see ... Ray kroc , hold a bouquet of flower . the ray kroc how ya feelin’ ? brother glare at they unexpected , unwelcome guest . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) that be some spill . felt it all the way through the phone . kroc extend the flower to mac. ray kroc ( cont ’d ) for you . 103 . Mac take the flower like they be potentially lace with anthrax . he glance at the card attach . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) open it . mac mcdonald that 's alright . ray kroc please . I think you 'il like it . Mac reach in the envelope , pull out a get - well card . he open the card . a check fall out . blank . mac mcdonald what 's this ? ray kroc what 's it look like ? mac mcdonald it look like a blank check . ray kroc then that 's probably what it be . Mac and Dick look at each other . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) how much should I make it out for ? mac mcdonald what be you buy ? kroc flash they a '' you do not know ? '' smirk . int . hospital room - day Mac and Dick both gaze off gloomily . after a long stretch of silence -- mac mcdonald we will never beat he . ( beat ) we will never be rid of he . on dick -- absorb . he know Mac be right . 104 . int . kroc 's office - day kroc be stand before the franchise map . there be nearly 50 pin in it now . the intercom buzze . JUNE martino ( 0.s. ) Dick McDonald . kroc pick up , friendly and casual . ray kroc hiya , Dick . on the other end be Dick , in the kitchen in San bernardino . dick mcdonald $ 2.7 million . ( beat ) a million for each of we after tax . on kroc -- take aback by the staggering sum . dick mcdonald ( cont ’d ) and one percent of the company 's profit in perpetuity . int . kroc 's office - day kroc be pace furiously before Harry sonneborn . ray kroc it 's outrageous ! borderline extortion ! sonneborn be hold a document . a purchase proposal from the brother . harry sonneborn and they want one other thing . ray kroc what ? harry sonneborn San bernardino . kroc be take aback . harry sonneborn ( cont ’d ) to give to they longtime employee . as a gift . 105 . ray kroc I need San bernardino . I be count on its profit to cover the debt on the purchase loan . harry sonneborn I have speak at length about it with they lawyer . it 's unfortunately non-negotiable . on kroc -- calmly absorb . int . law office - conference room - day kroc and the brother in a conference room , flanke by they respective team of lawyer . kroc lawyer we client agree fully to you condition of sale . with one exception . you one percent cut of future corporate earning will have to be carry out on a handshake basis . ray kroc on the insistence of my investor group . they financing be contingent on leave it out of the contract . it 's unfortunately a dealbreaker for they . Dick and Mac look at each other , extremely wary . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) you have my word you 's 1ll get you full due royalty . he extend he hand , hold it out to they . conference room - short time later Mac and Dick sit alone in the conference room as they lawyer pack up . ( kroc and he team be go . ) on mac -- stare somberly at a check in he hand for $ 1,350,000 . on dick -- stare somberly at a check in he hand for $ 1,350,000 . 106 . int . men' room —- moment later kroc be at the urinal in the law office 's man 's room . he flush , head to the sink to wash he hand . the rest room door open . in walk Dick . he freeze at the sight of kroc . kroc smile amiably at he in the mirror . ray kroc hello , Dick . on dick -- gaze searchingly at kroc . dick mcdonald I just have to ask you one thing . something I have never understand . ray kroc alright . dick mcdonald that day we meet , when we give you the tour . ray kroc what about it ? dick mcdonald we show you everything . the whole system , all we secret . we be a open book . ( kroc nod ) so why do not you just -- ray kroc rip you off ? run off and start my own place use you idea ? ( Dick nod ) because it would have fail . dick mcdonald how do you know ? ray kroc be I the only one who ever get the kitchen tour ? I bet you invite load of people back there . countless would - be burger baron look to replicate you success . dick mcdonald and ? 107 . ray kroc how many succeed ? dick mcdonald lot of people start restaurant . ray kroc bigger than McDonald 's ? ( Dick be silent ) of course not . no one have and no one ever will . because they all lack that one thing that make McDonald 's special . dick mcdonald which be ... ray kroc even you do not know ! dick mcdonald enlighten I . ray kroc it 's not just the system . it 's the name . Dick do not follow . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) that name . that glorious name . McDonald . it 's wide open . limitless . it could be anything , whatever you want it to be . it sound like ... America . ( beat ) compare that to , oh , say , kroc . now there 's a real lemon . kroc . what a erock . load of crock . crock of shit . would you eat at a place call kroc 's ? it 's enough to make you lose you appetite , a blunt , slavic thing like that . but McDonald 's , now that 's a name . a fine , handsome , all - american name . that 's a winner 's name , the name of somebody who 's get the world by the tail . a man name McDonald be never go to get push around in life . dick mcdonald that 's clearly not the case . ray kroc so you do not have a check for $ 1.35 million in you pocket ? Dick be silence . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) that 's the mistake you competitor make . all that would - be imitator . they assume they could simply take you system , slap on some name like hamburger hamlet or roscoe 's , and presto ! instant success ! not I , I be not so arrogant . I know there 's no beat a name like McDonald 's . dick mcdonald and if you can not beat ‘em ... ray kroc buy ‘em . Dick chuckle in disgust . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) I will never forget the first time I see that name stretch across the front of you stand . it be love at first sight . from that moment , I know I just have to have it . and now I do . dick mcdonald you do not '' have '' it . ray kroc you sure about that ? kroc throw he a unnerve smile . ext . mcdonald be ( san bernardino ) - day 108 . angle on the McDonald 's sign in front of the restaurant . pan down to ... Dick and Mac with kroc 's lawyer , listen like they be be read they miranda rights . 109 . kroc lawyer as per the term of you agreement , while you be entitle to maintain ownership of this location , you no longer have the right to call it McDonald 's , McDonald or any other such variation so as to create confusion or infringe upon the McDonald 's trademark which be now the exclusive intellectual property of Mr. Raymond A. kroc . dissolve to : worker dismantle the McDonald 's sign . the brother watch helplessly as they name be remove from they own store . dissolve to : a new sign go up in its place . with a new name -- the big m below this , it say , with a whiff of desperation : '' we have be here 23 year ! '' the sign be as close to a McDonald 's marquee as be legally possible , but it 's just not McDonald 's . it 's heartbreaking . pan across the STREET , where we see ... a new mcdonald be under construction . a hard - hatted kroc be on site , watch as the signature Golden arch go up . young man ( 0.s. ) Mr. kroc ? a young man come over , slightly nervous to approach . young man ( cont ’d ) my name be will Davis . I 'ma reporter for the Los Angeles Times . I be interested in do a profile of you peg to the open of you hundredth location here . a beat as kroc think it over . ray kroc call my office . they 'il set it up . he reach into the breast pocket of he sport coat . 110 . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) here 's my card . he hand a business card to the reporter . he look at it . angle on card . beneath a McDonald 's logo , it say , simply : ray kroc - founder we hold on this for a long beat . ray kroc ( pre - lap ) now , I know what you be think ... ext . beverly hill mansion - day a lavish , gated mansion . a black limousine pull into the driveway . int . mansion - master bedroom —- continuous a tuxedo- clad Ray kroc stand before a mirror , stack of index card in hand . he 's 68 now ; it 's nine year later , 1970 . ray kroc how the heck do a over - the-hill 52 - year - old milkshake - machine salesman build a fast - food empire with 1,600 restaurant in 50 state and five foreign country , with annual revenue in the neighborhood of $ 700 million ? it 's quite simple : persistence . he turn to the next card . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) nothing in the world can take the place of good old persistence . talent will not . nothing 's more common than unsuccessful man with talent . genius will not . unrecognize genius be practically a cliché . his word have a familiar ring ... they be lift straight from '' the power of the positive '' by Dr. clarence floyd Nelson ( the record from the beginning of the movie ) , with just a bit of rephrasing to make it '' he own '' . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) Education will not . the world be full of educate fool . ( more ) 111 . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) persistence and determination alone be all - powerful . he pause a beat to let he word of wisdom sink in . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) there 's no obstacle under the sun that can not be overcome with honest hard work and determination . it 's this core principle that enable I to rise to the top of the heap at a point in life when most man would be think about retirement . ( glance to side , sly grin ) we appear to have that in common , Mr. Governor . he pause for laughter . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) you be , what , 55 when you start in politics ? why , you make I look like a spring chicken ! another pause for laughter . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) look at we , a couple of small - town Illinois boy make good . only in America ... he continue talk to Mr. Governor off to the side -- ray kroc ( cont ’d ) by the way , thank you for that splendid introduction . to be name California chamber of commerce man of the Year be thrill enough , but to be present the award by my dear friend and golf buddy Ronald Reagan , well , that 's just the cherry on the sundae . he turn to the next index card . ray kroc ( cont ’d ) now where be I ? ah , yes , the beginning . the year be 1954 . the place , Des plain , Illinois . that 's where it all start . right there on Lee Street - - 112 . joan kroc ( 0.s. ) the car 's out front . Joan Smith , now Joan kroc , come up behind he . ray kroc ( to she reflection ) be right down . she nod , exit the room . kroc look down at the card in he hand , find he place : it all start . right there on lee STREET ... mcdonald be # 1 ray kroc ( cont ’d ) -- McDonald 's # 1. kroc 's eye linger on that word on the card : mcdonald 's # 1 . he look up , stare at himself in the mirror for a long beat . as he take in he reflection , we detect a flicker of something on he face . regret ? guilt ?... it may have just be we imagination . he tuck the index card in he pocket , stand up . int . limousine - moment later kroc and Joan Smith ( now joan kroc ) ride in the back of a stretch limo . she 's in a powder - blue gown , drape in diamond and pearl . limo driver comfortable , Mr. kroc ? a air conditioning vent blow cool air on kroc. ray kroc oh , yes. ( placid ) very . camera slowly push in on kroc 's face as he ride in silence . he look at Joan , smile . he indeed seem comfortable . very . fade to black . 113. postscript : Ray kroc 's San bernardino McDonald 's be a instant hit , draw customer away from the Big m across the street , force it to close . the McDonald brother be drive out of business by a McDonald 's . kroc later renege on the handshake deal for the one percent cut of royalty . the brother never receive a cent . today , that one percent would be worth $ 200 million annually . each . from the moment kroc take ownership , he business card list he title as '' founder '' . until he death decade later , call to McDonald 's headquarters ask the origin of the name be tell it be make up . kroc marry Joan Smith in 1969 . they remain together until he death in 1984 . in 1971 , Mac die of diabete - related illness . his brother Dick pass away in 1998 . Harry sonneborn and Ray kroc have a fall out in 1967 . sonneborn sell all he share in McDonald 's and never speak to kroc again . thanks to sonneborn 's idea , McDonald 's be today the large owner of real estate in the world . for you consideration best original screenplay Robert Siegel ww twc www.twcawards.com