something borrow written by dana Fox first revision April 22 , 2003 fade in : close on a woman 's face , beautiful and strong . sheas crying . int . kat 's bedroom - new york CITY - day the woman be kat ellis , 30 . tear stream down she face as she sit cross -legge amid the detritus of a pack frenzy . there be a unfortunate green bridesmay 's dress hang on the back of the door . kat 's pain be palpable . she bury she head in she lap . suddenly , the doorbell ring . kat sit bolt upright , wide eye . she look around in disbelief . how do this happen ? what be she do on the floor ? kat ( sweetly ) hold on ! int . hallway a bike messenger stand outside kat 's door . he bust a covert ipod dance while he wait . kat ( 0.s. ) come ! int . kat 's foyer kat wipe she face and inhale , summoning deep calm . int . hallway the bike Messenger look up as the door swing open . kat_is a_ change woman . nothing like the girl we see on the floor . you have never know she have be cry . or that she even know how . kat I be so sorry . I be not quite ready for you . kat prop the door open with she foot as she slide a plane ticket into a envelope . she scribbles a name on the envelope , seal it , and hand it to he . bike messenger Lady , you say this be a rush . I can not rush anything anywhere if you do not give it to I . kat look down at the envelope , she 's still hold on to it . kat it 's a plane ticket . bike messenger so it be . kat for a date . ( beat ) for my date . to my sister 's wedding . in London . ( beat ) he 's never meet my family . bike messenger I hear that noise . kat will herself to surrender the envelope . bike messenger ( cont ’d ) you need to let go . kat yeah . ( beat ) you be go to have to help I . the bike Messenger gently tug the envelope out of she hand . kat smile . kat ( cont 'd ) thank you . the bike Messenger look at she with genuine concern . int . kat 's apartment Racing against time , kat throw open a linen closet to reveal three neat row of plastic bin , all perfectly label . kat reach into the bin mark " TRAVEL " and pull out a pre - pack toiletry kit . kat pull a box mark '' london '' out from underneath she bed . she open it . push aside a old private school uniform and some letter she pull out a wear London a-z , a Ziploc mark '' adapter , '' and she passport . she 's about to close the box when she see a old photo . in it , a gorgeous guy kiss kat on the cheek . he 's hold the camera himself -- it 's blurred and goofy , but full of love . kat jam it back in the box and shove it under the bed . ext . new york STREET the bike Messenger dart in and out of traffic , avoid the throng of new yorker enjoy this crisp fall day . int . kat 's apartment kat race through she apartment , pack , clean , get ready . her place be small yet put together . it 's crate and barrel meet martha . but in a good way . int . kat 's bathroom kat , finally still , stare into the mirror as she brushes she tooth . there 's a strange intensity to it , like she 's scrubbing away the last of she distress . ext . brownstone apartment the bike Messenger pass a wait town car as he pull up to a stoop . he heft he bike , run up the stair , and slip the envelope into the door of ... int . brownstone apartment a tasteful flat . stylish yet masculine . a man stoops to pick up the envelope . we do not see he face , just he order , minimalist apartment as he zip he carry - on and walk out the door . ext . new york STREET his face obscure , the man step into the purring town car . ext . kat 's apartment build a taxi driver slam he trunk as kat get in . kat 's apprehensive face peer out the window as they pull away . int . JFK airport a ridiculously long line snake towards the X - Ray machine . latte in hand , kat cut right through the middle . irate passengers scowl at she . kat do this every day . she should be use to the look by now . she 's not . she pointedly flash the crowd she airport employee badge as she sail through security . int . customer service - JFK airport kat enter the virgin Atlantic customer service hub . it 's as cramped as it be busy . a female employee approach with a question . kat put up she hand . kat I be off duty . I do not exist . do not even look at I . the lady back off . as kat hurry away , a harried employee match she step and launch in . harried employee I have get a tour group from Taipei trap in custom , a dead poodle in cargo park at t9 , and a lose grandmother staggering around International ask for she mommy . oh , and there 's a guy on two who be stick with he in - law for a week because we could not get he out of dulle . the in - law be not speak to he anymore and , for some reason , he 's piss . kat 's try not to get suck in . kat I would love to help you . sincerely . but my sister 's get marry this weekend , I have not see my family in two year , and my flight leave in fifteen minute . the harried employee look like he 's go to lose it . kat struggle , then cave . kat ( cont 'd ) you take Taipei . tammy 's schnauzer just have puppy . ( more ) kat ( cont would ) put she on the dead dog . Park rep with wheelchair at every john in t8 . if grandma just get off a tran - con she 's gotta go sometime . kat start to walk away . harried employee what about line two ? kat spin around and glare at he . int . office - moment later on the phone , kat be in the middle of say way too much . kat ( into phone ) I completely understand , sir . you just want you in - law to see you the way you see yourself . or at least the way you would see yourself if you do not feel so victimize by they . at that moment , a clipboard manager walk by . he overhear kat 's diatribe and be incredulous . clipboard hello ? call may be monitor for quality control ? kat huh ? clipboard over - share ! kat wave he off . then , by rote : kat ( into phone ) Mr. rajagopal , we regret that you be snow in at dulle but snowstorm fall under a category call force majeure . along with earthquake , hurricane , and flood . in short , we be not liable . kat check to make sure the clipboard have move on . she continue , softly but very quickly . then , kat ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) but just this once , I be go to refund the full price of you ticket and credit you 10,000 frequent flyer mile . thank you for call virgin Atlantic ! int . cabin - plane kat sit in first class , absently scan the safety card . a pretty woman across the aisle notice and smile . pretty woman you first trip ? kat realize she 's be read the safety card . she laugh and put it back in the seat pocket . as she often do , kat feel compel to explain . kat hardly . my family move to England when I be fourteen . my stepdad 's a professor at University College , London . ( beat ) I be go back for my sister 's wedding ... and the best man 's my ex . in case I chicken out , I want to know where all the exit be . kat eye the front door , nervously . pretty woman I do not believe in marriage . I believe in hot sex . of course , that draw man to I like fly to shit . kat do not know what to say , but then a hot guy walk up the aisle . kat look at the empty seat next to she and smile at he . he return the smile but sit next to the pretty woman . hot guy hello , my sweet darling . he give the pretty woman a '' madly in love '' kiss . the pretty woman roll she eye to kat -- what do I tell you ? int . galley - plane kat be hide out . she try to calm she nerve as a male flight attendant pour she a cup of water kat I be not a knuckler . I fly all the time . in fact , I transfer from heathrow two year ago and now I run bag and nag here at Kennedy , so thing be go really well for I . the reason I can not feel my leg be that any minute , my date be go to walk in that door . and I need he to look really , really good today . male flight attendant ( not listen ) I wish I could not feel my leg . kat peek around the corner and spot the back of the mysterious man from the open as he load the overhead bin above kat 's seat . kat gasp , ducking back . kat oh , no . he 's here . the male Flight attendant look out at the man , who lean against kat 's seat as he chat with a female flight attendant . kat 's in a panic . kat ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? do he look hot , and be it the kinda hot that 'il translate overseas ? male flight attendant I resent you stereotyping of a man in my profession but ... he check out the guy again . male flight attendant ( cont ’d ) ... darling , he have be hot on Mars . I have like to unwrap he like a harrod 's gift basket . kat smile , relieved . int . cabin - plane the mystery man be nick mercer , 32 , commanding and classy , yet somehow totally genuine . he carry he ' 40s - crooner good look like he have no idea that man just be not make that way anymore . Nick take two glass of champagne from the blush female Flight attendant . nick thank you , Lisa . he turn around to take he seat and find kat stand there , awkwardly . kat hi. hey . nick kat . Nick kiss kat warmly on the cheek and hand she a glass of champagne . Nick 's totally at ease . this may as well be a candle - light bar . nick ( cont 'd ) let 's sit . kat awkwardly negotiate she drink as they take they seat . kat I be glad you find it okay . the airport . the plane , I mean . Nick notice kat 's anxiety , try to settle she . nick I really be sorry I could not leave earlier . I know you would have love a few hour to settle in before the party . kat melt a little . that 's just what she be think . kat work must be crazy right now . Nick give kat a quizzical look . there 's something go on here . though it 's not clear what . kat fill the space . kat ( cont 'd ) I have gotta warn you , you know that family where everyone 's out of they mind but at the end of the day , they be family , so you love they ? ( off he nod ) mine 's not like that . the Flight attendant appear with a small tray . kat notice the woman 's cheek flush as she fumble Nick 's drink . Nick smile warmly , but deftly end the moment . he 's like a famous person who have learn to manage he ador fan with casual grace . kat ( cont 'd ) I love my dad . but since he 's my stepdad , he 's technically not family . he 's more like a hostage . kat try to find she seat belt . it 's under Nick . she reach beneath he , tentatively , then pull back embarrassed . kat ( cont 'd ) my seat belt , it 's .... Nick pull out the seat belt and hand it to she . kat buckle up , check that it 's snug , then check again . they sit in silence as the plane start barrel down the runway . as they pick up speed , Nick take kat 's hand . she find comfort in he touch , she need to talk abate momentarily . she be safe . kat close she eye as the plane level off , then peek over at Nick , who 's calmly stare out the window . she close she eye again , this time for good . ext . london - establishing - day int . baggage claim - heathrow Nick and kat wait at the baggage claim . she look at he tie , then down at she dress . they be the exact same color . 10 . kat ( concerned ) please tell I you be not wear that tonight . her dress be indeed the exact same color as Nick 's tie . kat it 's no big deal . really . it just look like a tailor cut off a yard of my dress and make you tie out of it . Nick do not get it . he heave one of kat 's suitcase onto a trolley full of match suitcase . kat ( cont 'd ) do not get I wrong , match 's fine . it 's '' matchy matchy '' you have get to watch out for . ( be : outfit ) this be matchy - matchy . Nick , amused , tug the last of the bag off the carousel and add it to a pile of what appear to be a entire floor model of match luggage . nick you think we look like we be try too hard . kat exactly . I want we to look like we fit , but not like we be try too hard to look like we fit . ( beat ) it 's welcome cocktail , not prom . with this level of matchy - matchy , we should be drink peach schnapp under a bleacher somewhere . Nick laugh at kat . then fix she with a intense stare . nick I 'il teach you a trick . if you look people in the eye , they 'il never even notice what you have on . kat , overwhelm by he charisma , be mesmerize . nick ( cont 'd ) what color be my shoe ? 11 . kat ( dreamily ) you have foot ? Nick smile sweetly and touch she cheek . ext . countryside - outside london - day the heathrow Express thunder towards London . int . heathrow express - [ moving ] - day Nick stand by the w.c. , flipping through cosmo . he can do that without look gay . he talk to kat through the door nick I understand how important this be to you , but you be a beautiful woman and you have get everything in the world go for you . I could not care less what you have on . kat come out modeling a black strapless . kat do not patronize I . they have clearly be at this a while . nick you be funny . kat yeah , but I feel like crap . and if you feel like crap , it 's way better to look hot while you be do it he check she out . nick Mission accomplish . kat really ? ( beat ) do not get too attach . she bolt back to the bathroom , nearly knock over a zitty teenager who 's wait he turn . 12 . zitty teenager I like the red one better . nick I 'il let she know . int . w.c. - heathrow express kat , alone in the w.c. , meticulously rearrange a layer of paper towel on the floor so she can step out of she shoe . she expertly slide off the first dress while simultaneously pull another one on -- not a inch of skin show . she struggle as the train rock back and forth . nick ( 0.s. ) ( through the door ) I bet you be do that girl thing , where you get undress without show any skin . kat look around suspiciously . kat no , I be not . how have he know ? int . heathrow express - continuous kat emerge from the bathroom wear the new dress . Nick check it out . nick mmm . kat mmm , nice dress ? or mmm -- ( british accent ) gorgeous , I be insane to let you go ! nick both . kat look to the Zitty teenager for he opinion . zitty teenager I have do you . ( to Nick ) ( more ) 13 . zitty teenager ( cont would ) I mean , if it be all right with you . kat give the passenger a appreciative smile , then fly back into the bathroom . Nick , amused by she antic , step closer to the door . nick you know , they say you can tell everything you need to know about a person from the way they act when they be naked . kat ( pop she head out ) I do not do naked . my sister ? she do naked . kat duck back into the bathroom . music up . naked montage : int . w.c. - heathrow express kat pull she dress over she head . match CUT to : another woman , pulling off her dress . int . amy 's bathroom the woman be kat 's sister , amy ellis , 28 . she grace a bath mat in all she infinite nakedness . totally nude , she gently place she veil on she head and begin the ablution of a Greek goddess . a dot of bath oil , a pure white towel , one squirt self - tanner , one squirt lotion . finally , she pull out a bottle of olive oil , pour two drop into she hand and rub they together . then she stare in the mirror , regard herself with a look so blank it could be anything from admiration to revulsion . just then , a knock . the groom , edward fletcher - wooten , 31 , enter , wear a robe . he flash Amy as he do a silly dance then smother she inside he robe . Amy giggle and try to break free . 14 . at first she 's laugh , but then she turn on a dime and shove he off more forcefully than she mean to . she kiss he on the lip , try to cover , and shoos he out the door . int . bunny 's dressing room he mother of the bride , bunny ellis , 60 , drop she robe on he floor . she be about to put on a bra when she catch she eflection in a full - length mirror on the door . std she be momentarily surprised by what she see . she turn and face she image . this be not the woman she be in she head . this be a old woman with uncooperative skin . with one swift movement , she slam the door . int . ellis house - ST . JOHN 's wood the father of the bride , victor ellis , 65 , wear only a pair of sock , walk downstairs . he 's completely comfortable in he nakedness and trot around as if he 's fully clothed . he sing to himself . the word of the song be incomprehensible but he sing with a unrestrained Sinatra sass . Victor enter the kitchen , open the fridge and start scroung . Inside the fridge door , Victor bend over and he bare butt stick out . as he close the fridge door , we cut to ... a shower door sliding OPEN . int . jeffrey 's flat Inside , the best man , jeffrey johnson , 31 , the guy from the snapshot under kat 's bed , glisten with a post - shower flush . Jeffrey towel off with a miniscule washcloth . stepping out of the bathroom , Jeffrey notice a 18 - year - old nymphette watch he through she kitchen window . he cross to the window but instead of close the blind , he open they wider and jump up onto a pull - up bar . the nymphette blushes and look away . as he start pump and he manhood rise dangerously close to frame , we ... CUT to : 15 . ext . lanesborough HOTEL - establishing - day upscale car deliver upscale people to this stately hotel in Central London . int . lobby - lanesborough HOTEL Nick pay the bellhop , who trolley away they bag . he turn to find kat . she 's wear the red dress . the Zitty teenager be right . it 's really hot . kat start do a yoga breath of fire , try to relax . Nick take kat 's hand and pull she close . nick you okay , hon ? kat nod , clearly not okay . Nick smooth a piece of hair behind she ear . there be a practice intimacy to the way he touch she and kat be almost settle by it . kat I be not sure I can do this . Nick move towards kat as if he 's go to kiss she , but then he whisper in she ear . nick you be never go to be sure of anything , but we still have to go inside . just then , kat 's mother appear . bunny ( sing ) '' baby love , my baby love . '' a few brit dart look at this very american display . kat please , Mom . this be not the time to be yourself . Bunny fold kat and Nick into a drunken embrace . Bunny give Nick the once-over . bunny ( to Nick ) and who might this be ? 16 . kat 's mortify but Nick quickly save she . nick I be the new guy . ( kissing Bunny ) it 's great to meet you . Bunny throw kat a unsubtle , '' I be impressed '' look and lead they into the party . int . lanesborough HOTEL Bunny , kat and Nick emerge into a sea of burberry , floppy hair , and unspoken judgment . Bunny turn to Nick and kat all business . bunny this be a marathon , not a sprint . after welcome cocktail , you have get the hen party . tomorrow , there 's a picnic and the rehearsal dinner and since you have conveniently leave no margin for jet lag - - ( squeezing kat 's cheek ) I need you to hydrate , baby . Nick and kat be stunne . Bunny hop away as Victor approach . kat throw she arm around she stepfather . kat dad ! victor hi , kiddo . kat meet Nick . nick sir. they shake hand . just then , kat 's sister , Amy , dress to the nine , strike a pose in the doorway . amy I be get married ! as kat and Amy squeal loudly and hug , Victor lean into Nick . victor I find a good , strong drink help . 17 . Nick smile , look at Victor 's glass . nick can I get you a refill , sir ? Victor hand Nick the glass . nick ( cont 'd ) ( sniff the glass ) I be guess maccallum , 18 year . ( beat ) neat , with a water - back . victor be there any other way to take it ? Nick head toward the bar and Victor turn to kat . victor ( cont ’d ) where have you find this guy ? kat smile , appreciatively . kat the yellow page . Victor laugh . across the room , Bunny have find a microphone . she tap a knife on the side of a glass to get everyone 's attention . bunny welcome , friend and family ! then she tap the mic , which squeal . on kat , panic stricken . kat sweet Jesus , who give that woman a amp ? on bunny , drunk with happiness . bunny Victor and I would especially like to thank we out - of- town guest for come to celebrate with we as we welcome Edward and the fletcher - wooten into we family . the camera id 's lydia and GEORGE fletcher - wooten , 60' . George shift uncomfortably . lydia wave as though address a room full of she subject . 18 . on jeffrey , search the crowd for someone . his eye land on kat . she do not see he . he stare at she meaningfully . bunny ( cont ’d ) it 's funny . we always think we have marry off kat first . we come close once , but that crash and burn . nervous laughter from the crowd . kat smile through the pain . Jeffrey wince sympathetically . his mind work , he spot a piano nearby . bunny ( cont ’d ) still , we have reason to hope . she be always one of the more '' active '' girl at the american school , and that 's say a lot . suddenly , a loud , lovely arpeggio from the piano . Bunny look over , surprised . then she smile . angle on jeffrey , sit at the piano , play . bunny ( cont ’d ) okay , okay . I get the hint ! anyway , imagine we surprise when Ed move in next door and fall in love with ... the girl next door . we Amy . lucky for we , he have no idea it be a unforgiveable cliché . ( raise she glass ) a toast to the bride and groom to be . congratulation , baby ! everyone clap as Jeffrey play a final flourish . int . near w.c. - lanesborough HOTEL - later kat be sneaking towards the lady room when Jeffrey come out of the man 's room . they eye meet . both stop dead . neither can find word or even a smile . kat pretend that see he be not a gut - punch , force a silly grin . kat thanks for , you know , with the piano .... it be really .... hm . ( beat ) I have to pee . kat slither past Jeffrey into the w.c. 19 . int . w.c. - lanesborough HOTEL kat will she breath back . she turn on the water as if she be wash she hand . then she confront herself in the mirror and apply a coat of lipstick like she 's put ona suit of armor . int . near w.c. - lanesborough HOTEL Jeffrey , a dash Brit , be not a man who like to wait , but wait he have . kat emerge from the w.c. as if she have not see he before . kat why , Jeffrey . hello . jeffrey hello , katmandu . as Jeffrey kiss she on the cheek , kat 's eye close and she take in he smell . it 's like come home . she do not want it to , but something inside she stir . jeffrey ( cont ’d ) you look well , gorgeous . all he have to do be look she in the eye and she big plan fly out the window . kat blushes . jeffrey ( cont ’d ) see you again .... kat yeah ? just then , tj , 30 , kat 's cousin , appear , wrapping kat in a hug . tj 's deb-of - the-year perkiness be undercut by she longshoreman 's tongue . tj kat Ellis ! we live two hundred mile away from each other but I have to fly all the way to London to see you . you have not visit I once in d.c . where the hell have you be ? I have gynecologist that call more often . kat you have more than one gynecologist ? 20 . tj sure . you have get to play they against each other . otherwise they think you be easy . tj turn on Jeffrey like she just realize he be there . tj ( cont ’d ) hey , asshole , since you dumped my cousin brutally and without cause , you will not mind if I steal she away ? I have all kind of interesting thing to tell she . tj dart Jeffrey a dirty look and drag kat away . int . lanesborough HOTEL - continuous arm lock , kat and tj rejoin the party . kat you do not have to do that tj I be not save you from he . I be save you from yourself . you be too fuck nice . kat do not worry . I be so over he . ( beat ) by the way , do you know if he 's see anyone ? they spot Nick talk to Bunny , surround by octogenarian . he do not look the least bit lose . in fact , he 's charming the docker off they . tj why waste ten more second on the slimy limey when Mr. tie - me- up- tie - me- down be wait for you at the bar ? angle on nick , listen patiently as Bunny pour she heart out . bunny after kat 's father die and I marry Victor , I be so desperate for my little girl to love he . it never occur to I that she might love he more . 21 . angle on kat and tj , still stare at Nick . tj what 's he do anyway ? kat therapist . just then , Nick look up and give kat a intimate , '' get over here '' look . tj sigh audibly . tj I think I just come . int . lanesborough HOTEL - later Nick stand with kat at the bar . the bartender hand kat a drink . amy ( 0.s. ) can I have that ? kat look over and see Amy . she put she drink on the bar but Amy can not quite reach it from she stool . Amy make a exaggerated reach gesture and whimper . Nick take note as kat slide the drink closer . Amy sip it through the straw without pick it up . amy you know what I love about all this ? kat there 's finally a reason for the whole world to revolve around you ? amy exactly ! today 's my day . tomorrow will be my day . and the day after that ? my day . as Amy gloat , Ed dance over . he 's a refreshingly unaffected upper-class Brit . ed how 's the future Mrs .? Amy kiss he on the lip . amy perfect . all ginny . 22 . kat except it 's scotch . amy ( ignore kat ) but I be not take you name , buster . I be a feminist ! ( shaking she drink ) I need icey ! Mr. husband - man , get I more icey ! ed all right , then kiss I . ( she kiss he ) God , I be a lucky sod . Ed lift Amy off the stool and spin she around . he do a awkward dance move and step on she toe . amy see what happen when you put off dance lesson till two day before the wedding ? Ed look to Nick for support . ed who 's ever hear of dance lesson for a wedding , honestly ? nick um , just about everyone . ed you be take the piss ? Ed look to kat , who shake she head . nick we ’1ll go with you guy tomorrow . I suck too . it ’1ll be fun . Amy kiss Nick 's cheek . amy I do not even know you , hunky - dunky , and I love you already . kat throw Amy a dark look . ed ( to no one ) dance lesson . right. 23. ext . balcony - lanesborough HOTEL escape , Nick step outside and bump into Jeffrey , who teeter on the railing . nick hey . jeffrey oh , hello . Jeffrey look upset . Nick try to break the ice . nick a wedding be a sacrament ... a joyous celebration of love and commitment . in utopia . in the real world ... it 's a excuse to drink excessively and say thing you should not say . jeffrey ah , a philosopher . nick shrink , actually . jeffrey crikey . nick what ? jeffrey nothing , nothing . nick no , tell I . jeffrey you yank and you therapy . it 's great . ( beat ) it 's all a bit too touchy - feely for I . a beat as Jeffrey watch the party . he see kat and Amy at the bar and slowly turn to Nick . with difficulty , he begin to unburden himself to he new therapist 24 . jeffrey it 's just , there 's this girl I care for -- God , I suppose I could even say I love she -- and the bugger be , of course , she 's here with someone else . bollock ! Nick hide he surprise as Jeffrey raise he glass ina silent toast to he misery . Nick be just clinking glass with he when kat appear and slip she arm in he . kat here you be . Jeffrey be horrify . stare at Nick , aghast jeffrey hey , kat. kat hey , yourself . ( to Nick ) I see you have meet my ex . they all stand there , awkwardly . kat ( cont 'd ) do I interrupt something ? Jeffrey look desperately at Nick . Nick hesitates , then cover . nick I be just tell Jeffrey how we meet . kat give Nick a confuse look . Nick smile warmly -- nick ( cont 'd ) the knick game ? we both want the last hot dog ? kat oh , yeah . ( pointedly , to Jeffrey ) so we split it . you know , as in '' share . '' people do that . jeffrey you hate sport . kat squeeze Nick 's arm , adoringly . 25 . kat not when Nick explain they . Jeffrey 's desperate to get out of there . jeffrey ( to Nick ) right . I should be go . good to meet you . perhaps I 'il see you at the stag party . my place . ( to kat ) you know the address . kat watch he rejoin the party . kat well , he look miserable . what be you talk about ? nick Love . kat and Nick walk back into the party . int . lanesborough HOTEL - continuous they walk arm and arm . after the confrontation with Jeffrey , kat 's excitement be almost manic . kat Jeffrey know love like he know macrameé . nick he be pretty drunk , but I think he 's still crazy about you . kat of course he be . I be here with my new man . ( beat ) I love it ! you magic 's already work . let the suffer begin . Nick stop kat and face she . he be quiet but intense . nick the only one suffer here be you . you need to stop worry about everyone else . you think you can do that ? 26 . kat take a deep , calming breath . kat no . she turn and survey the room , try to calm down . but then slowly she face begin to tense . kat what do he say exactly ? I mean you do not think he want I back ? nick I do not know . kat what do you gut say ? nick you be too good for he . ext . ST . JOHN 's wood - later Nick drive slowly down St. John 's Wood 's tree-line main street . Nick look out the window as they pass a corner market , a flower shop , pub , restaurant . ext . ellis house - ST . JOHN 's wood a charming period house in a row of identical house . you have never know where the Americans live but for a conspicuous boat trailer park in the driveway . Victor and Bunny try to help Nick unload kat 's many bag from the taxi . he will not let they . as Nick lug the bag up the driveway , he read the name , '' jack ship , '' off the back of the dilapidate cabin cruiser int . hallway - ellis house Nick struggle with kat 's many bag as kat 's parent escort they upstairs . kat stop by she bedroom door , do not go in . kat well , here we be . they stand there , awkwardly sandwich into the small space . 27 . nick ( to Bunny and Victor ) thanks again for have I . bunny do not be silly . it 's wonderful to finally meet you . although , technically , I have no idea you exist because when my daughter turn twelve , she stop talk to I , except when she need money . so let I rephrase that . it be nice to discover you exist and then finally meet you all at once . I love surprise . victor okay , bun . that 's enough . kat give they a look , but do not open she bedroom door . kat where 's Nick sleep ? bunny why , with you . kat ( not listen ) my mother have a rule about man and woman sleep in the same room without a ring in the picture . she think it 's -- kat put she finger up to do air quote , then suddenly realize what she mother just say . kat ( cont 'd ) huh ? bunny ( twinkle at Nick ) I be not as square as my daughter think . as kat 's parent walk away , Bunny flirtatiously sidle up to Victor and pull he into they bedroom . kat she must have drown she rule in the chardonnay . with that , kat close the door . 28 . int . kat 's room the door click shut and the happy couple separate instantly . kat to one side of the room , Nick to the other . kat 's childhood bedroom have a aggressively floral decor . kat sorry about the creepy room . I go through a painfully earnest Laura - Ashley phase . kat take a brown envelope out of she purse , open it , and remove a stack of hundred . she hand the pile of money to Nick . kat Count it . six thousand even . Nick do not look at the money , just tuck it into he bag . nick I trust you . kat almost let it go , but then ... kat no , count it , anyway . nick why ? kat I be compulsive and weird ? Nick humor she . pull out the stack of bill and count it . kat ( cont 'd ) six thousand , right ? nick on the nose . ( beat ) I tell you what , because you be so cute , I ’1ll take care of we incidentals . kat how do it feel to get that much money just for be you ? 29 . nick ( wryly ) ; great , with the occasional stab of shame . now , listen , this cover the weekend , but as we discuss , if you want to be intimate , we talk money before anything happen . kat that will not be a issue , believe I . I find the idea of sex for money morally repugnant . ( realize ) no offense . nick it 's okay . Hell , I have never pay for it . but please do not feel like you have to explain yourself to I . kat walk over to a old dollhouse . its room have be gut , they mini furnishings replace with a teenager 's cassette- tape collection . kat pull out gun and rose 's '' appetite for destruction '' and open it . there 's no tape inside , just some nicotine patch . Nick watch as she open one up and slap it on . nick you quit ? kat I be desperate to start but I do not have a addictive personality . except for approval . that , I can not get enough of . Nick notice a ' 80s poster of two guy with guitar , all big hair and laser light show . nick who be they ? kat Graham Russell and Russell hitchcock . Nick think about that name for a second , then he face twist . nick Air supply ? 30 . embarrass , kat hastily rip down the poster and stuff it in the closet . kat my parent have a german exchange student a few year back .... he must have leave it here . Nick hide a smile as kat duck into the bathroom . int . kat 's bathroom kat have leave the door open a crack as she get ready for a shower . unbeknownst to she , Nick watch from the bed , enjoy the ritual . kat ( quietly ) everyone know they great hit but some of they lesser - know ballad be surprisingly poignant inexplicably , kat stand on she tiptoe as she look into the mirror . it 's a little thing , maybe the tile be cold , but it give she a innocence that make Nick smile . kat what ? nick it 's cute . kat what be ? nick you stand on you tiptoe . kat I do ? kat look down , she never notice before . nick be it a old habit from ballet class or a childhood spend walk on eggshell ? she throw he a glance , impressed with the sharpness of he mind . 31 . kat I never take ballet . she smile and kick the door close with she foot . int . kat 's room - later Nick hang up he tux . it 's definitely not a rental . kat come out of the bathroom , drying she hair with a towel . kat have you ever do anything like this before ? nick a weekend ? kat a wedding . Nick think about that . kat wonder what 's take he so long . nick no . though strangely , I have do quite a few funeral . kat make a face . nick ( cont 'd ) not the way you be think . the woman want I there for support you can understand that . kat I think that 's disgusting . kat immediately backpedal . kat ( cont 'd ) not you . you be not disgusting . you be lovely . just the idea that they have bring a escort . I mean , a stranger who , um , do not ... who never .... I mean , someone 's dead . nick that 's right . imagine face it alone . kat blanch . 32 . kat sorry . I be a little nervous . I never think something like this would happen to I . nick this happen to you ? kat well , happen , in the sense that I pick up the phone , track you down , fly you here and give you six grand out of my 401k . Nick laugh at she . kat pull something out of she purse . kat ( cont 'd ) can I ask you something ? Nick see what she 's unfold . it 's a crinkle New Yorker article . the artsy photo show the face of a man , blurred against a neon cityscape . the title : '' discretion assure : Diary of a male escort . '' nick how do you know that be I ? kat I have a friend at the magazine . nick ( sharply ) you '' friend '' guarantee my anonymity . kat if it make you feel any better , to get you number , I have to cough up two round - trip ticket to Amsterdam and a case of mini- Bailey . Nick shake he head at she and pull off he shirt . kat instinctively look away . nick you can look . it 's part of the package . kat can not tell if he 's joke . she sneak a look as Nick disappear into the shower . wow . kat look down at the papers in she hand . she move towards the bathroom but at the last minute , shy away . 33 . nick ( 0.s. ) would you grab my shampoo ? kat shampoo , get it ! kat grab the shampoo and rush into the bathroom . int . kat 's bathroom without look in the shower , kat hand he the shampoo and hurry out , way too quickly . Nick peek out of the shower curtain . she 's go . he shake he head and close the curtain . suddenly , kat reappear . she stand by the door . kat the part where you be a sexual surrogate and then start to , um , freelance . be that really how it happen ? kat pretend to straighten thing up as she move closer to the shower . nick the real story be that my mother be a hippie . and a stripper . she be insanely inappropriate with I . she use to wash she lingerie in my bathwater . while I be still in the bath . kat oh , no . nick yeah . as a adult , I need to find some way to experience intimacy and sex , but with rule that could not be violate . kat 's totally engross now . she close the toilet lid and sit down . kat wow . Nick poke he head out . nick yeah . 34 . Nick see that kat 's heartbroken for he , feel bad . nick ( cont 'd ) I be just screwing with you . kat throw a towel at he . kat you shit ! nick I have a different story for every woman who ask . I look at she and figure out what she need to hear to feel okay about be with I . kat and you think I have respond to the hippie stripper with no boundary ? nick admit it . you be disturb , but ultimately move . kat give he a dirty look , then examine the article again . kat this part here . you say , and I quote . '' each woman have the exact love life she want . '' ( beat ) that seem like a pretty broad generalization . Nick step out of the shower . kat , she eye at the level of he manhood , cover she subtle jaw -drop . Nick wrap a towel around he waist as kat try to pull it together . she look down at the article , tapping it indignantly -- kat ( cont 'd ) so ... what be I ...oh , yeah . do you honestly think that I want to be single and miserable ? that I want to be obsessed with some asshole who lead I on for year then -- out of the blue -- shattered my heart . nick first of all , it 's never out of the blue . and second of all -- Nick level he gaze at she . 35 . nick ( cont 'd ) yes . kat what ?! nick when you be ready to let go , to be unsingle and unmiserable , you will . until then .... Nick shrug and walk out of the room . int . stairwell - ellis house - later Nick and kat walk downstairs , ready for a night out . kat 's wear a over - the- top sexy golf outfit -- pleate mini skirt , tight white oxford , plaid vest . on the bottom step kat stop short . kat ( quietly ) be it always woman ? Nick look at she like she 's crazy . nick be you ask I if I be gay for pay ? kat I guess so . nick what do you think ? Nick confront she . she take he in . kat get it . int . sitting room - ellis house Victor read a book as Bunny scratch hieroglyphics ona white board feature a elaborate chart of information . kat and Nick enter , see the chart . kat ( to Nick ) Mom 's refining she strategy for D - Day . 36 . bunny I be sure General eisenhower never have to master the finer point of the seating chart and centerpiece . ( point proudly ) oh , and tomorrow afternoon you be carpool to the country with the fletcher - wooten . kat Sir , yes , sir ! she turn on she heel like a soldier , walk to Victor , and hold out she hand , bunny make sure you show Nick regent Park . ( winking ) it 's romantic at night . Victor do not look up , just pull the car key out of he pocket and toss they past kat to Nick . victor better he on the wrong side of the road than you behind the wheel . kat huff grumpily and they head out . ext . ellis house - night kat and Nick walk toward the car . kat so , um . what about testing ? Nick open kat 's door for she . nick there 's a guy on 81st and madison . you get you result in 24 hour . ( beat ) do you make you lover get test before you sleep with they ? kat my sixth - grade science project be entitle , '' Love hurt : the heartbreak of human papillomavirus . '' trust I , I be careful . 49 37 . kat get in the car and Nick shut she door int . / ext . car - later Nick drive while kat navigate . they crawl down a small street , which bustles with activity . patron of London 's many pub spill out onto the pavement . nick I love that you be ask question , but do you really want to get into all of this ? kat this be awkward for I . ( beat ) talk about it make I feel better . Nick look over at kat , who get quiet . she pick at nothing on she skirt . the tick tick tick of the indicator fill the silence as Nick change lane . nick hey . kat look at he . nick ( cont 'd ) do not stop ask question , okay ? kat okay . kat smile , but stay quiet . then -- kat ( cont 'd ) do you pay tax ? 49 ext . quiet side - STREET - continuous Nick hold the door open for kat as she get out . nick ( with a laugh ) I swear . I do not have a signature move . kat oh , come on . you be like the yoda of escort . ( more ) 38 . kat ( cont would ) get you on the phone be harder than get into college . Nick turn off the car , get out , walk around , and open the door for kat . she get out and stand by the door nick I do not have gimmick or play game . it 's way more ... Nick rub two finger together , he can not think of the word . kat subtle ? nick I disappear . it 's not about I . it 's about you . Nick be stand very , very close to kat now . she do not even see he move but there he be . nick ( cont 'd ) it 's hard to explain . kat show I . Nick shake he head . kat ( cont ’d ) come on . nick I have get this bad taste in my mouth . what be it ? I think it 's the word : '' morally repugnant . '' kat tug urgently on he waist . kat show I . Nick do not say anything for a moment . then he push she up against the car . it 's a gentle movement , but firm . kat breathes in sharply from the power of it . nick Close you eye . kat 's hesitant . she look around the empty parking lot but Nick take she cheek and guide she eye to he . 39 . nick ( cont 'd ) Close you eye . she do . Nick lean in close and begin whisper into she ear with a hypnotic intensity . nick ( cont 'd ) I be not go to kiss you . you can relax . you be safe . Nick take kat 's head in he hand and move he lip across the contour of she face . it 's incredibly intimate . his mouth hover over hers but they lip do not touch . they breathe each other in . nick ( cont 'd ) I be not go to kiss you . trust I . all you have to do be listen to my voice . kat 's body start to relax . slowly , she slump back against the car . nick ( cont 'd ) he 's go to be so sorry he let you go . he move he lip across she eyelid . nick ( cont 'd ) he x11 look at you with you sexy dress and you perfect date but it will not matter because it 's not about he . it 's about you . as Nick slowly talk , he move he lip across kat 's forehead , then she cheek , then she nose : nick ( cont 'd ) I want you to let go of the hurt . ... the insecurity ... the past . when you do , he ’1ll see you the way I see you , and , in that moment , he 'il finally understand what he lose . Nick tip kat 's chin towards he . she open she eye . Nick be suddenly serious . nick ( cont 'd ) but by then , the amazing thing be ... you will not care . 40 . kat shudder , and gradually come to . her eye be lazy , she feel off balance . kat Holy crap . you be worth every penny . Nick give she a half smile . nick you better get go . kat be turn on and can not seem to move . kat okay , yoda . silence . nick go. Nick turn kat around and point she toward the bar next door . wearing a almost dopey look of pleasure , she adjust she underwear , and stumble towards the bar . a sly smile creep across she lip as we ... CUT to : a line of twenty shot be set aflame . widen to reveal -- int . the cock & bottle kat pass out the shot to a pack of women all wear hybrid golf - slut outfit : ass - tight polo shirt and plaid capri pants abound . it 's '' Society Girls go Wild . '' kat yo , lady ! listen up ! the bride have make the foolhardy and perhaps fatal request , that we play pub golf tonight . ( hold up a shot ) behold hole one . there 's a two - stroke penalty for failure to finish a hole and a three - stroke penalty for barfing . yell '' fore ! '' before you barf and it 's only two stroke . the girl be scared shitless . 41 . kat ( cont 'd ) we have get eight more hole wait at eight more bar , so in the name of all thing sacred , pace yourselves ! ( raise she shot ) to Amy ! Amy love the attention . amy to I ! cheer , the girl blow out they shot and do they best to down they in one go . just then , Nick walk in . all eye be draw to he . the world slow as he beeline for kat . he hand kat she purse . nick I think you might need this . kat give Nick a shy smile . kat silly I , where be my head ? kat can not help notice that the group of girl have subtly cluster around Nick . tj stay . have a fiery drink with we . nick I do not know .... a smitten girl put a drink in Nick 's hand . smitten girl stay . Nick look to kat , she smile . Amy furrow she brow theatrically . unfortunately , no one see she . int . the cock & bottle - later Nick be surround by woman and completely at ease . Amy 's drunk and pouty . tj stand between kat and Amy . oblivious to the brewing tension , she 's eat beer nut and stare at Nick . 42 . tj it 's like the director 's cut of '' 9 1 / 2 week . '' she pop a nut in she mouth . tj ( cont ’d ) the thing about Nick be , you be either look at he , or you be pretend not to . ( beat ) me? I be look . ( to Amy ) can you believe kat get to sleep with this guy ? Amy sneer . tj turn back to kat tj ( cont ’d ) honestly , you should send God a bottle of wine or a muffin basket tj clink glass with kat . kat appreciate the attention . Amy appreciate it less . she suddenly wail . amy why be he still here ?! this snap kat out of she reverie . she scurries into problem - solving mode . kat oh , sorry . you be right . Girls only . kat turn and throw Nick a look . Nick , ever sensitive to nuance , easily catch the hint and put on he coat to go . nick lady , thank you for granting I this rare glimpse into a timeless female ritual . ( raise he glass ) to the husband who win you , the loser who lose you , and to the lucky bastard who have yet to meet you . they all clink glass . kat beam , until ... amy ( sour ) and to the cock in the hen house . 43. Nick kiss kat on the cheek and smoothly depart . they all watch he walk out . tj be still watch the door , as if Nick 's essence have lingered . tj I can not believe you meet he first it 's so depress . somebody buy my wooha a drink . kat raise she drink to tj 's nether region . kat to tj 's lady business . and to Amy ! guy ( 0.s. ) to Ed ! int . jeffrey 's flat - same a dozen men down they shot . Jeffrey immediately refill they glass with tequila . alcohol and alpha abound . Nick walk in the front door . he take off he suit coat and try not to feel like the chaperone at a frat party . over by the bar , Jeffrey stand with Ed , eyeing Nick . jeffrey what 's he problem ? ed what ? jeffrey there 's something about he that 's just a bit odd . ed other than , he 's shagging you ex - girlfriend ? jeffrey no , that 's not it . Jeffrey pour Ed another drink . jeffrey ( cont ’d ) you be a tosser . Jeffrey 's suddenly emotional . 44 . jeffrey ( cont 'd ) remember when we go hike in the lake district and Amy be wear that little bikini thing . ed no . jeffrey it be before you start go out . we have lunch at that inn on the lake . ed oh , yes . right . the Rat and parrot . jeffrey and kat be fully clothed . ed but , somehow , it be kat 's arse that be stung by nettle . and you rubbed it with a dandelion leaf . jeffrey that 's when I realize I want to be a doctor . ed oh , shut up . you be a optician . jeffrey lasik surgeon , actually . Jeffrey take a thoughtful sip of beer . jeffrey ( cont 'd ) I do not deserve she back then . ed and you do now ? Jeffrey look genuinely pain , then something dawns on he . jeffrey maybe I hate woman . Nick appear . 45 . nick all woman or just the two -legge one who steal you money , screw you friend , and vacuum during the World Cup ? Jeffrey laugh . he have no idea Nick be make fun of he . ed Jeff be just reminisc about you girlfriend 's backside . Ed cross away and Jeffrey glance nervously at Nick . jeffrey look , the thing be . about that love -of- my-life nonsense . I would appreciate it if you do not say anything to kat . it be silly . it 's all rather complicated . Nick be about to respond when the music crescendo and a stripper stride in from the back room . spot Ed , Jeffrey clothes - line he and drag he off into a chorus of guy - howl and cheer . int . woody 's watering hole - later the bachelorette- party girl cheer as they down drink number seven at bar number seven , a Australian outback - theme pub . thing have go way downhill -- or uphill -- depend on how you look at it . kat sit at the bar . in the background , Amy dance drunkenly with tj . woody , the dorky , sexy Australian bartender , appear behind the bar with a drink for kat . woody this one 's on the house . kat grab he sleeve . kat I be worried . Amy 's not good at drink . she get sooo drunk sooo fast . do free alcohol get you less drunk or more drunker ? ( to herself ) be it ' drunker 's or ' drunker - er 's ? woody just drunk enough . 46 . Woody dump out the free drink and exchange it with a bottle of water . woody ( cont ’d ) if you switch now , you might be able to stand up for the ceremony . kat look at he for the first time and realize she know he . kat Woody ? Woody just smile . woody '' not yet ... '' kat '' , . , but it 's get there . '' kat clumsily lunge across the bar to hug he , knock over a bottle of beer , which Woody deftly catch . kat ( cont 'd ) I think you be live in San Francisco . or be it Nepal ? woody Close . Sydney . turn out , I miss the rain . they take each other in . her smile be bleary . kat ( cont 'd ) you look so much better . Woody 's try not to feel shy around kat . kat ( cont 'd ) be this what you be do ? bartend ? ( beat ) not that it 's not great . it 's just , you use to have dream and plan . Woody proudly point to kat 's cocktail napkin . it say woody 's watering hole . kat ( cont 'd ) whoa ! good for you ! 47 . Woody 's weigh something . he decide to say it . woody I always wonder what happen with we . kat ( take aback ) I have not think about that in year . just then , Amy come up behind kat . amy do kat tell you she dumped you because of you funky breath ? kat do Amy tell you she keep she homecome tiara by the bed ? to kat 's annoyance , Amy laugh . kat ( cont 'd ) she 's drunk . - er than I . but I do not really dump you , do I ? woody hard . Woody smile , sweetly . woody ( cont ’d ) which be understandable -- you be one of the hot girl at the american School , but I sort of think you no be nicer ... at least tell I why ... 's cause we be friend first . kat 's on the spot . embarrass . Amy 's drunk - dance and mumble to herself . amy and we know kat be the hot ex - pat in school because she be vote best eye , brightest smile , and most likely to Age well . no , wait . that be I . never mind . kat can not take it . 48 . kat Christ , Amy . amy oh , shut up and be happy . it 's always this or that . you be never happy , you frowny - face grumplestilskin . kat drunk be not the same thing as happy , Amy . they both know they be serious but Amy pout and throw she arm around kat . amy you be my half sister , but I whole love you . kat 's furious but she force a smile . kat why do not you get my half sister she seventh hole ? amy bacardi 151 . Woody disappear just as Amy teeter and catch herself on the bar . kat be you okay ? Amy 's drunkenness turn . tear well up in she eye . amy I do not think I can go through with this . kat pub golf ? amy the wedding . ( loud whisper ) I be so , so bad ! I do not think I should be allow to get marry . kat be blindside . kat what be you talk about ? 49 . then , as quickly as she go into the darkness , Amy pop out . she yell over to tj . amy ( cont 'd ) tj! Virginia slim ! tj come dance up , hand Amy a cigarette and a lighter . the crowd watch as Amy put the cigarette in she lip , pour the shot into tj 's open mouth and light it on fire with she lighter . then she lean over and light her cigarette on the flame coming out of tjas mouth . the bar erupt in cheer but kat be leave worried , troubled by Amy 's confession . a beat , then she downs she shot . ext . ed 's house - later the cheer echo in the night as Nick help Ed walk towards he house . Ed navigate the pavement like it 's make of water . they reach the front door nick ( prop Ed up ) you be okay . you get it . Ed wobble , then stand up by himself . Nick unlock the door . ed just because some slag 's be pay for , do not mean you have get to ... you know . nick it 's be my experience that the people who hire a prostitute , need a prostitute . ( beat ) you do the right thing . Ed blink at Nick . ed I think I love you , mate . ( beat ) how do you know so much about so much ? nick I be a hooker . 50 . Ed burst out laugh , pat he on the back , and walk into he house . ext . / int . london STREET [ drive ] - later the bachelorette girl ride home in '' the pub prowler . '' it 's a senior citizen med-van that 's be pimp out with a full bar and a all - shag - all - the-time interior . the girl be drunk and rowdy . kat climb up behind the driver and tap she on the shoulder . kat can you pull over at the next seven atm ? the Driver give kat a dubious look , then pull up to a bank . ATM montage : ext . STREET [ various ] -- kat jump out of the pub prowler and clumsily slot she ATM card into the machine . -- kat check she lipstick in the mirrore security camera of a different ATM machine then flip through a stack of credit card . she pull out a different card and slip it in . --ecu on screen : maximum withdrawal £ 200 . kat 's at another ATM . in the prowler , a couple of girl heckle passer - by as kat rifle through she card , desperate for some un - max plastic . -- the prowler drop off a couple more girl . kat walk back from a ATM and get in . ext . tjas HOTEL - night kat and Amy wave at tj as she trip out of the prowler and stumble towards she hotel . tj wave back with a bright happy smile -- tj that be awesome ! how much do we rock ? ( beat ) fore ! 51 . she whip around and throw up in a topiary . in the prowler , Amy and kat wince . tj whip back up . tj ( cont 'd ) I win ! she wave at kat and Amy and trot past the stoic doorman , who hold the door open for she . ext . ellis house kat and Amy stand in the driveway . they watch as the prowler pull away . Amy be about to head next door , when she turn to kat . amy it be a great party . thank you . Amy reach out to hug kat . kat be not expect the hug and it 's awkward . Amy sense it and pull away . kat do you want to come in for a minute ? we could talk about -- amy when I freak out at the pub ? ( she hiccup ) that be nothing , just nerve . do not worry about it . kat but ido . iwill . you be my sister . with a post - bacardi 151 suddenness , Amy 's face contort with shame . she recoil , a angry tear run down she face . amy God , kat ! please . do not be nice to I . I can take anything right now but you be nice to I . kat ( wildly confuse ) what ? why ? what do you mean ? Amy be suddenly in terrible distress . amy I should get go . 52 . kat be you sure you be okay ? amy I be fine . I promise . kat want to say more but Amy be already walk away . kat turn towards the house and just catch the light shutting off in she upstairs room . int . hall - ellis house kat shut the front door . she lean against it for a moment to get she balance , clear she head . int . kitchen - ellis house kat sit at the kitchen table , a glass of water in front of she . she downs three aspirin and stare into the darkness . int . hall - ellis house - later kat start up the stair . the first step creak loudly . remember countless school - age sneak -in , kat flatten she foot against the back of each step and soundlessly walk up the stair . int . kat 's room - ellis house Nick be asleep in kat 's bed , bare - chest under a single sheet . the camera find kat stand with she back to the door stare at Nick . Nick stir , open he eye , and rise onto one arm . nick you okay ? kat walk to he , take he hand . kat ( whisper ) shhhh . ext . driveway - ellis house kat lead Nick down the driveway towards the boat trailer . 53 . on it , the twenty - six - foot cabin cruiser with peel paint kat unbutton the weathered cover and peel it back . she climb up a ladder and hoist herself into the boat . Nick smile at the strangeness of this , then climb in after she . int . boat in the cabin , kat flick a couple of switch and a row of light flicker on . she flick another switch and a pierce sea-horn blare the '' William tell overture . '' she scramble to turn it off and check the house for activity . a dog bark in the distance . relieved , kat push a tape into a old radio . music limp through hollow speaker . kat lead Nick into the cabin and onto the bed . without take she eye off he , kat start to slowly undress . her shirt drop to the floor . then , a moment later , she skirt . kat breathes deeply then reach behind she back and flick open she bra . we watch kat 's face as she let it fall to the floor . kat be indeed a woman who do not do naked -- this be kill she . on the bed , Nick do not say anything , just watch . kat want to read something into he stare . long , desire , anything . but he 's utterly inscrutable . it 's both unnerve and extremely sexy . kat steel herself and remove she underwear . she lose she nerve momentarily and pull they up again . finally , she slip they off and try not to laugh as she scurries onto the bed . hover lazily in the waking dream of interrupt sleep Nick gaze at kat . ina trick of light , the cabin window glow liquid , as though the moon be reflect off water Nick run he hand across kat 's waist . she 's try to hold back . he know it and like it . he take she face in he hand and kiss she . it 's amazing . a different kind of kiss . they pull back and look at each other . in one swift movement , he flip kat underneath he . suddenly , the space between they collapse and they attack each other . 54 . ext . driveway - ellis house - dawn kat 's house beam in the scarlet light of dawn . two bin - men walk down the driveway toward the bin . they grab three bin and drag they noisily past the boat park in the driveway . int . boat close on kat and Nick , asleep , they face press up against each other . we pull back to reveal kat and Nick entwine , naked . we pull back further to reveal that they be cover with a fleece blanket and a pile of life vest . Nick open he eye and look at kat , who be as calm and content as we have see she . then , he realize where he be . it 's like waking up in a strange hotel room , only weirder because it 's a boat ... in a driveway ... in London . Nick carefully extricate himself and begin to dress . we have see this scene a thousand time before , but Nick 's escape be breathtakingly precise and practice . ext . driveway - ellis house Nick climb down the ladder of the boat just as the bin- Men be return the empty bin beside the garage . Nick give they a nod . nick Morning . the guy nod back and finish they job as Nick sneak toward the house . int . kitchen - ellis house Victor and Bunny sit at the kitchen table . Victor 's bury in the International Herald tribune crossword puzzle . Bunny look out the window and see Nick creep towards the house , shoe in hand . bunny she still think we do not know about the boat thing . Victor look up from he paper . he see Nick , snort , and go back to he crossword . 55 . int . boat - later kat 's eye flutter open . her hair be plaster into a impromptu quasi-beehive . she look down at she '' pillow . '' it 's a buoy . kat suddenly sit bolt upright . she grab a life vest to cover she naked chest and look around in horror . then she eye widen as she remember the rest of the night . ext . driveway - ellis house kat slink towards the house , retread Nick 's walk of shame . int . kitchen - ellis house Victor look up from he paper and see kat . ext . driveway - ellis house kat 's almost to the house when she hear a loud , pounding . she look up to see her father tapping on the window and laugh at she . kat 's mortify , but can not help smile . she wave and keep walk . CUT to : int . kat 's room kat look around frantically for something . she find she purse and check to see if the ATM money be still there . it be . she breathes a sigh of relief , then , hearing footstep , hastily stuff the wad back in . Nick open the door , carry a breakfast - in - bed tray . kat spin around , guiltily . nick I be not sure what work for you so I have get a pack of saltine , a bottle of pedialyte -- prefer by infant and rock star -- a egg - and - cheese sandwich , a black coffee , and a bloody Mary . kat slump onto the bed . she have not get she land leg back yet . 56 . kat this be really sweet of you , but I need to ask you something . ( desperately ) what happen last night ? Nick be take aback . he set down the tray . he 's not sure what to say , then make a decision . nick nothing . kat look surprised , then skeptical . kat be you sure ? nick we kiss . make out a little . then you pass out . she stare at he long and hard . kat whether it 's true or not , thank you . kat disappear and Nick bite into a saltine as the shower hiss on . then something catch he eye . it 's kat 's purse lie next to the bed . stuff on top , a wad of money . his brow furrow , Nick pick it up and leaf through the stack of pound and euros . int . kat 's bathroom in the shower , kat let the scorching water punish and purify she . nick ( 0.s. ) what 's this ? startle , kat peek she head out of the shower curtain and see Nick hold the pile of money . kat oh. shoot . I -- she retreat into the shower , yanking the curtain close . 57 . kat ( cont 'd ) ( mouth word ) shit ! shit ! shit ! Nick pull open the curtain and kat instantly stop she pantomime self - flagellation . nick be this for last night ? kat of course not . how ...how could it be ? nothing happen . nick if I be go to charge you , I would have tell you beforehand . I think I explain that . nake in front of Nick , kat be try not to flinch . kat I do not want you to think I be expect anything to be free or that I be expect something at all . well , clearly I be expect something or I would not have stop at all that atm on the way home . ( beat ) by the way , would it have be enough ? I mean , if something have happen . which it do not ? kat want to slip down the drainpipe . Nick look at she consider he word carefully . nick do not they have a limit at that machine ? kat ( quietly ) not if you take a advance on you credit card . now Nick have to really try to stifle a laugh . Nick put the money on the sink . he go to leave , then turn back . nick you be three hundred short . 58 . with that , he walk out . in the shower , kat gently bang she head against the tile . she look down and notice something . kat and my brazilian wax look like ... Brazil . ( rest against the tile ) awesome . int . kitchen - ellis house Nick and Victor be eat breakfast , the newspaper spread out between they . Victor 's still work on the crossword puzzle . victor what 's a four letter word for daughter defiler ? ( beat , write it in ) oh. n-i-c - k . before Nick can react -- victor ( cont ’d ) you a boat man , son ? Victor 's expression be inscrutable . Nick weigh he option and then -- nick I be now , sir . victor ( laugh ) at least somebody 's use the damn thing . ( beat ) I be gonna fix she up but we take one trip and the kid fight so much , we never launch she again . just then , kat walk in with a air of feign nonchalance . kat that 's not true . we check for leak a few year back ( kiss she father ) good morning . victor ahoy ! 59 . kat throw he a look . he chuckle . as Nick get up to get himself some orange juice , kat corner he behind the refrigerator door . kat ( hushed ) so you be tell I . if something have happen last night ... it would have cost I fourteen hundred dollar ? that 's a down payment on a Ford focus ! nick not dollar . pound . Nick pour a glass of juice and offer it to kat . kat shake she head . nick my rate be not arbitrary . it be determine by prevaile market condition . by the way , it include oral . that 's the extra three hundred .... pound . he smile and sip he juice . she be outrage by he presumption - - kat and what if I do not want you to ... to do that to I ? nick no , no . the three hundred be for you do it to I . kat what ? nick believe I , if anything have happen , that would have be one of the highlight . for you . kat but nothing do . nick yup . that 's why you get to keep you money . Nick walk away . sit down next to Victor . kat glare dagger at he . Nick smile and toast she with he juice . 60 . just then , Amy enter in a flurry of cheerfulness , as if last night never happen . Bunny follow , carry a clipboard . amy hey , Ginger ! hey , gilligan ! how much do I love all this ? I be go to get divorced and remarry over and over again so it will last forever . kat , be a sweetie , and go help with the ring . no way Jeffrey 's go to get it right . Amy breeze out . kat ( to no one ) I have be happy to . you be welcome . bunny oh , do not be that way . victor ( stick up for kat ) come on , bun . leave she alone . bunny ( to kat ) it 's not always about you , sweetie . kat 's stung . Nick watch out of the corner of he eye . kat how could you say that ? of course it 's not about I . it 's never about I when she 's in the room because you two be on a special team . you might as well have T - shirt make up . kat lower she voice . kat ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I do not know why I be be so sensitive . I just get tired of be odd man out . Bunny look over at Victor . bunny tell I about it . Bunny squeeze kat 's cheek and kiss she . 61 . bunny ( cont ’d ) oh honey , it 's not that I love Amy more . it 's that she let I love she . this flip comment hit kat hard . bunny ( cont ’d ) ( obliviously ) I be off . ta-ta ! as Bunny walk out , Victor raise a eyebrow , then go back to he crossword . kat stand a moment , feel awkward . kat ( to Nick ) okay , then . i’11 catch up with you at the dance thing .... sweetie . Nick give kat a casual nod . she exit . behind the business section , Nick 's face be a mask . then he smile . this girl be nut . a door buzy . int . jewelry store - ST . JOHN 's wood kat enter and approach sal , 60 , a tough - talk , cockney teddy bear . kat hey , sal . sal I hear you be back in town kitty cat . you be here for the highland fling , I bet . kat I get all the glamour job . he smile and head into the back . kat casually look into the counter . her face be blank as she scan row after row of engagement ring . sal reemerges with two ring box . kat take the ring and smile . kat ( cont 'd ) thanks , Sally . she turn to go . 62 . sal the one I make for you be the cherries . you hang onto it or give it back ? kat give it back ? be you nut ? sal you pawn it . kat not exactly . I wear it . ( defiantly ) on my right hand . and only rarely . just then , the door buzy . kat turn . it 's Jeffrey , tug on the handle . sal scowl . sal you want I nut he in the boat ? kat yes ? no. what ? ( beat ) save the patter for the tourist . sal you want I to let he in ? kat of course , do not be silly . sal buzy Jeffrey in and give he the dirty eye before he disappear into the back . kat ( cont ’d ) hey , you ! jeffrey let I guess . Amy presume I have forget the ring . ( off she look ) I think I be she least favorite person . ( beat ) you know , I be sorry . kat ( warming ) maybe not she least ... there 's always - - 63 . kat / jeffrey Ed 's mother . they share a moment . kat so , tell I , how 's unmarried life ? jeffrey I have regret . kat jump down he throat , instantly abandon she false largesse . kat whoa , Jeffrey . slow down . you and I , we be the past . I be not sure if you notice , but I be here with someone else . jeffrey kat , we must talk . this guy , there 's something not quite right kat it 's call character . God , you be predictable . jeffrey be that why you bring he ? because of I . kat laugh way too hard . kat do not be absurd . kat be about to walk out the door , but she can not help herself . she stop . kat ( cont 'd ) I bring he here because he 's my boyfriend . because I adore he . because late at night he take I in he arm and .... kat lean in and whisper something into Jeffrey 's ear . 64 . kat ( cont 'd ) I have stick around and explain what that mean , but even if I give you the instruction manual , it do not mean you have get the tool to get the job do . kat try not to do a little '' fuck - you '' jig as she walk out the door . ext . STREET - ST . JOHN 's wood kat stride away but Jeffrey catch up to she . she secretly smile at the power she be exerting over he . jeffrey kat , wait . I do not want you hat I . we have never have this talk . you know how crap I be at this . kat um , news flash : I do not give a shit . jeffrey kat , stop it . you do . you can not even look I in the eye . you go back to the States when we split up . Jeffrey see kat flinch . he know he 's hit something . she look away . kat that be a long time ago . jeffrey it be . and it take you sister get marry to get you back here . kat ( waver ) so , what 's you point ? jeffrey I should have tell you why I break up with you . I be a coward . you deserve to know . just then Nick walk up . he put a protective hand on kat 's back and shake Jeffrey 's hand . 65 . nick hey , man . jeffrey sorry , can you give we a moment ? nick no , I can not . we be late for a dance lesson . I guess you 's 1ll have to finish up later . kat give Nick a angry look as he pull she away . int . dance club staircase kat , furious , charge up the stair -- nick hello , goodbye , I want you , I hate you . it 's all just word . none of it mean anything . what matter be what you do . you either stay put or you walk away . if you look back , you be not walk away ! kat oh , cut the crap ! nick I just hate see you so stick . kat he be about to un-stick I ! ( hiss ) I pay you to help I get closure . nick you pay I for a lot of reason . closure be not one of they . kat be infuriate . she huff and push open the door . int . step -ball-change dance club Nick and kat burst in , late . glisten hardwood floor mirrore wall . eye close and hand clasped , Amy and Ed stand in a circle with sonja , late 50 's , the melodramatic dance teacher . kat and Nick join the circle . 66 . kat ( mumble ) sorry . sonja barely tolerate the interruption , close she eye and breathes in deeply . sonja the wedding dance be , san doubte the most important dance - moment in a person 's life . Ed crack open he eye to see if anyone else think this be a crock of shit . Nick catch Ed 's eye . Amy dart Ed a '' pay attention '' look . sonja ( cont 'd ) a room full of friend , family , enemy ... watch , smile , betting on how long the marriage will last . all you 'il have be each other and whatever skill you acquire today . kat 's grip on Nick 's hand tighten . Ed crack open he eye again . this time , he look unnerve . sonja ( cont 'd ) there be people who will tell you that the wedding dance be symbolic of a couple 's compatibility . ofa rapport that can not be fake . that a unskill man on the dance floor be a man who lack grace in bed . ( beat ) this people be right . sonja clap three time . sonja ( cont 'd ) eye open and pair off ! they all open they eye wide . int . step -ball-change dance club - moment later Ed and Amy dance awkwardly to a standard as sonja give they instruction . angle on kat and nick , dance sedately , if awkwardly . there be still tension between they . kat , contrite , dare a glance into he eye . 67 . kat I be sorry I be such a bitch . I really appreciate you do this . nick ( simply ) it 's my job . kat gaze deep into he eye . a long look . the longest she 's be able to sustain since the boat . she can not read he . sonja ( 0.s. ) ( to Amy and Ed ) she know you better than anyone . you know she better than she know herself . where do that feel live ? I do not care if it 's you heart , you head , or you crotch . find that place and dance from it kat you know what piss I off ? I have be spilling my gut all weekend but I do not know anything about you . not one thing . Nick look down at she , consider . nick I be allergic to fabric softener , I majore in comparative literature at Brown , and I think I have miss you even if we have never meet . kat blink , the power of he word hit she hard . they dance a moment in silence . now will you tell I how you become a escort ? Nick smile enigmatically . then without warning -- nick spin kat around , then reel her in tight . in a hyper-romantic cinematic flourish , the floor swell and the wall disappear . the music sharpen as if it 's no longer come from a old record player but from a classic mgm soundtrack . 68 . Nick and kat be weightless as they glide across the floor . they eye stay lock on each other as though it be this connection , and not gravity , that keep they on earth . kat and Nick seem to slow down but the world stay at normal speed . on sonja , astonished . she stop and watch . on amy and ed , as they notice what 's go on . they stop dance and stare , too , slack - jaw , as Nick and kat float past , completely wrap up in each other . Nick and kat be incredible together . the music crescendo as Nick gracefully spin kat to a perfect stop . ed so you can not dance , eh? bloody liar . Nick and kat crash back to earth . they stop dance . the wall close in and the music suck back into the speaker . ed ( cont ’d ) I think you say you be crap . nick I have to say something to get you here . ed Fair enough , but I be step on toe here and you be waltzing around like ... amy Fred astaire and what 's she face ! nick it 's not I . I swear . it 's she she 's magic . kat blushes . sonja clap she hand , happily . sonja and , switch partner ! 69 . ext . step -ball-change dance club - later Nick , kat , Amy , and Ed walk out of the studio . Ed skip down the step and onto the street . then he realize what he 's do and abruptly stop . ed you have better get go . my parent will be ' round to cart you off to the country . amy whatever you do , do not mention Italy . or politics . or baby buggy . ( beat ) or edith piaf . ed you probably best off pretend you be asleep . Ed grab Amy by the neck and pull she away . Amy laugh but kat catch a look on she sister 's face . it 's not quite nervousness . it 's something closer to panic . Amy wave over she shoulder as they walk away . CUT to : a boat sailing across frame , wider to reveal - - ext . kat 's house - ST . JOHN 's wood Victor tow the boat with a annoyed Bunny in the passenger seat . as they pull out of the driveway , they wave to Nick who sit on a stone wall in front of the house . Nick talk on he cell phone , kat 's bag pile high next to he , as pigeon walk and flap around he . kat appear carry two bottle of water . when Nick see kat , he hang up too quickly . kat pretend not to notice . she eye the pigeon suspiciously . kat pigeon creep I out . they be like dirty dove ... plotting something . 70 . Nick playfully pull kat down next to he . spook by the increase number of pigeon , kat inch away from they and closer to Nick . kat frown , suddenly pensive . kat ( cont 'd ) how do you have real relationship ? you know , one you do not get pay for ? Nick be not sure he want to get into this . kat ( cont 'd ) you have have girlfriend ? nick sure , but it 's never easy . they say they be okay with it , and they be ... for a while . then one day , they be not . they sit in silence . it 's not awkward , it 's nice . London beam under a rare cloudless sky . nick ( cont 'd ) when I say I have never do a wedding before , I do not say that no one ever ask . I just never say yes . kat so , why have you say yes to I ? nick there be something in you voice on the phone that day . kat desperation ? Nick do not acknowledge she joke . kat sneak a look at he . nick I think it be hope . kat hide a smile as she leg touch he . they be both keenly aware of the contact . kat what would you do if you be not a escort ? nick make out with you for free . 85 71 . Nick put he arm around she . kat laugh . nick ( cont 'd ) what would you do if you stop worry about what other people think ? kat spontaneously combust ? they sit in silence a moment . just then , Ed 's parent drive up in a beautiful old bentley . Ed 's mother reach over she embarrassed husband and hoot the horn . int / ext . bentley [ drive ] - later George drive through the lush countryside while lydia 85 carry on . in the back seat , kat drop she head on Nick 's shoulder ; they have clearly be endure this awhile . kat , nick , and ed 's parent -- scene forthcoming . CUT to : ext . fletcher -wooten estate Nick , kat , and Ed 's parent unload the bentley and carry they bag up the step of a stately stone mansion . ext . boathouse - fletcher - wooten estate - later a small boathouse sit at the edge of a charming lake that border the main property . nearby , '' Jack ship '' struggle to say afloat as pasty kide sun themselves on the moor junker . Ed man a elaborate grill as guest in summer hat mill about . at a picnic table , Victor play poker with Nick , kat , and tj . from the pile of money in front of he , it 's clear Victor 's kick ass . Victor throw in ten pound . tj ( shrewd poker voice ) you know , I might just call you ... but if I do ... I would lose ... because my hand blow . she throw down she card . kat study she hand and toss ina bill . 72 . kat call . all eye be on Nick . victor let 's see what kind of a man my daughter 's find for herself . Nick look down at he money . ten pound . he reach into he pocket and pull out a huge wad of cash . everyone be in shock but he do not notice . he strip off a hundred , toss it in the pot , and take back sixty . nick raise you thirty . Victor raise a eyebrow . on tj , look at Nick . she lean over to kat and whisper -- tj ( be : Nick 's penis ) can I see it ? just for a sec ? kat laugh and hit tj. tj ( cont ’d ) come on , it 's so not fair . at least describe it to I . just then , Nick 's cell phone ring . Victor pluck the phone out of Nick 's hand . kat dart a worried look at Nick and reach for the phone . kat daddy ! Victor will not give it up . he answer . victor ( into phone ) I be sorry , Nick 's about to win a pile of my money . he 's gonna have to call you back . kat and Nick be freeze as Victor listen . victor ( cont ’d ) thank you for you understanding , mar ’am . and good luck put out that fire . 73 . he hang up the cell phone and look quizzically at Nick . victor ( cont ’d ) what be it you do again ? nick what would you say if I tell you I be a member of a elite task force employ to safeguard we nation 's most precious resource : you daughter . Victor snort . victor oh , yeah , shrink . call . kat hide she relief . Victor throw in the cash . victor ( cont ’d ) let I save you some trouble . my old man hit the bottle like it be he job and he have a mean streak as wide as the English Channel . so , I ? I drink in moderation and have never raise my voice around a kid . kat throw in thirty pound . Victor lay down a pair of ace and two . victor ( cont ’d ) what do you say to that ? nick I say that feel compel to do the opposite of you parent be as enslave as emulate they . Nick lay down he hand . three king . Victor shake he head . Nick glance at kat . she twinkle at he , then lay down a low straight . victor that 's my girl ! she do a little dance as she swipe the pile of money toward she . Nick can not believe it . victor ( cont ’d ) best thing about be a dad be when you kid start kick you ass -- 74 . nick -- and the ass of the man who adore she . Nick rise from the table , but he comment linger . kat search he face , wonder if he be serious . he hold she gaze a moment , then begin pick up the card . Ed appear hold a plate pile high with banger . ed anybody see my future - wife ? ( be : sausage ) she x11 kill I if I do not serve she first . kat have you guy ever have a real honest - to - God fight ? Ed think about that . ed ( lie ) of course . kat yeah , right . ed I hear that make - up sex be the best kind . unfortunately , I 'il never know . Victor call out to Nick -- victor hey , sigmund , you think you could rustle up the bride and tell she to join the party ? nick will do . Nick smile at kat and head toward the boathouse . kat watch with a hint of apprehension . follow nick , walk across a carpet of pine needle . he pass through a latticework of shadow and step into the boathouse - - 75 . int . boathouse - fletcher - wooten estate - same nick 's Pov : Amy and Jeffrey , they back turn , be in the middle of a argument . amy ( pull she arm away ) I say no ! I be get marry tomorrow ! what do you want from I ? Amy turn and see Nick . her face fall . Jeffrey see he , too , and blanch , then badly cover -- jeffrey right , then . i’1l get youa tofurky Burger instead . Jeffrey walk out stiffly and Amy , mortify , turn and stare blankly out the window . nick sorry to interrupt . you dad send I . amy what for ? nick to make sure you be okay . Amy turn around and look at the tiny boathouse . although it have look perfect to we before , under she gaze , we see all the crack and dirt . amy you know all that '' if this wall could talk '' stuff ? do you believe it ? that a place have a memory ? nick actually , I do . Amy 's expression cloud as she eye fall on the bedroom door . through the open door , Nick can see a small bed surround by bookshelve . amy this place have be in Ed 's family forever . we use to spend weekend out here every summer . ( with a sigh ) ( more ) 76 . amy ( cont would ) God , I hope it do not remember everything . laughter float in from outside , a ironic soundtrack to Amy 's desperation . Nick push out the chair across from he . Amy look at he a moment , then sit down . ext . lake kat be stand with she mother , absentmindedly look for Nick , when Jeffrey approach . jeffrey May I have a word ? it will be just a minute . bunny let I think . you steal seven year of she life with you charm and you bullshit and now you want a couple more minute ? sure . go right ahead . as Jeffrey walk away , kat whisper to she mother . kat thanks for the solidarity , but next time ? a little less information . kat follow Jeffrey toward the lake . int . boathouse - fletcher -wooten estate Amy be now sit across from Nick at the kitchen table . Nick be shell - shocked . nick do kat know ? Amy do not even bother shaking she head . amy it be such a long time ago . nick still -- amy if Ed ever find out .... 77 . nick or kat .... amy and she wonder why I swim to the bottom of a lemondrop every time I see she . Nick push back from the table . he 's at a loss for word . ext . lake Jeffrey speak to kat with disarming sincerity . kat try to keep she guard up , but despite herself , she 's listen . jeffrey you be so good to I . I swear I never mean to hurt you . we be together what , five year ? kat Seven if you count the on-and - off year . which I do . jeffrey right . seven. ( realize ) Christ , that 's a long time , be not it ? kat not for a dog . jeffrey well , we have a lot of good year but then ... Jeffrey fumble . kat be this suppose to be a apology ? jeffrey it 's not suppose to be anything , kat . it 's just my rather feeble attempt to .... oh , I do not know . ( beat ) you see , I think I could deny my feeling -- something catch kat 's eye : Nick exite the boathouse . even from this distance , she know that something be wrong . 78 . jeffrey ( cont ’d ) you be not even listen . kat when we be together I be '' too here , '' now I be not here enough . follow kat , as she walk away from Jeffrey through a stand of tree and meet Nick . in the background , Jeffrey watch , confuse , then walk away . kat reach out and touch Nick 's arm , tentatively . kat ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? kat 's tenderness find its way into Nick . it take hima moment to recover . nick yeah . you ? kat yeah . they look at each other a moment . kat ( cont 'd ) let 's go . ext . countryside - day Nick and kat walk back to the main house . side by side , they cut through a picturesque glen . Nick shoot kat a anxious glance , decide whether to reveal what he know . kat catch he and smile back , sweetly . Nick take she hand and kiss it , surprising she . his eye turn back toward the house but he do not let go of she hand . int . bathroom - fletcher - wooten estate - night kat be get ready . she 's up on she tiptoe , do she make - up in the mirror . the radio be blaring Air supply . kat sing along , passionately , embarrassingly . kat be clearly lie about not like the cheesy great hit . she know every word . somehow , she seem different freer . she 's sing like she mean it . 79 . ext . balcony - fletcher -wooten estate Nick and Victor , sip cocktail , stand on a back balcony overlook the party preparation . in the backyard below , Bunny zip around , hiss order at the staff . bunny you , with the hair and all the bright idea . Paper lantern plus open flame equal no - no . victor that woman be insane . God damn if I do not love she . Nick want to come clean but can not find the courage . he choose he word carefully . nick kat do this thing . she stand on she tiptoe when she 's look in the mirror . you ever notice that ? Victor smile , he know what Nick 's talk about . victor I remember the day I meet kat . it be in New York . I have be dating Bunny for a few month , and she finally trust I enough to introduce I to she kid . so I be over at she place and in walk this little monster that will not stop talk . ( remember ) she hand I a walkie-talkie make out of a orange juice can and drag I over to she fort . the fort be this lop-side mess of blanket and the walkie-talkie almost take my ear off , but she be have the time of she life . ( shaking he head ) that be it . I be a goner . a wave of nostalgia pass over he . victor ( cont ’d ) that be the day I become a dad . and from that moment on , I just know . ( more ) 80 . victor ( cont would ) I have give that little girl everything she ever need , I have love she unconditionally , and I would not let she out of the house until she be thirty . Nick laugh . victor ( cont ’d ) you think it 's go to get easier when they get older . that you be go to worry about they less . or trust the world more . but that 's just not how it go . they stand in silence a moment . nick I be not sure if this be go to make sense to you , Sir , but I have like to ask permission to date you daughter . Victor give Nick a intense but unreadable look victor ( cont ’d ) the lady be fond of you , Nick . I can see that . I also see that whatever else you be , you be a helluva good guy . ( beat ) she pay a real price dating Jeffrey . this will be different will not it ? Nick 's not sure what Victor know . he want to assure he , to make promise . instead , he say nothing . Victor and Nick look at each other , a silent understanding between they . ext . garden - fletcher - wooten estate - later the rehearsal dinner be underway . strung with paper lantern , the yard look enchant . the usual suspect be pack around a candle - light table , absorb in lively conversation . Jeffrey , brood , do not engage , just drink heavily . at the center of it all , Nick be quietly relishing be a part of this family dinner . kat and Nick make eye contact . they have finally catch up with the couple they be pretend to be at the beginning of the weekend . Bunny 's voice cut through the din like a knife -- 81 . bunny I blame tony pee -pant ! kat oh , no. ( to Nick ) she tell this story at every major holiday . bunny why should this be any different ? ( take Nick 's arm ) besides , I have to initiate Nick into the family . ( to Nick ) I blame tony for why my two girl can not seem to get along . kat and Amy moan , here we go . bunny ( cont ’d ) oh , do not deny it . you barely tolerate each other . tj it 's true . all you have in common be that you both secretly want to be I . ( raise she glass ) cheer . kat ( to Nick ) she blame tony pee - pant pinterello for everything . the fall of the british Empire , the cold war , the internet . bunny it be just after we move here . my little girl get in a fight over tony pee - pant and they have not make up since . Amy roll she eye , save they all from Bunny by tell the story herself . amy apparently , kat and I be inseparable . 82. bunny if kat eat a banana , Amy throw it up . tj if Amy throw it up , kat eat it . lydia be vaguely disgust . she pull a face . Bunny wave hand in front of she eye . this story always kill she . kat we be eat and puke together in harmony until one day , tony walk I home from school . he be my first boyfriend . ( pointedly ) I be fourteen . amy so tony pee - pant start ignore kat . he want to play with I . kat you practically bribe he with you erector set . nick ( aside , to kat ) fourteen and he 's hoodwink by a a erector set ? kat I do not say he be worth it . they share a private smile . amy whatever . the point be , tony end up with a chair in he face . bunny ( in she defense ) it be plastic . and child -size . but there be some stitches involved . tj like fifteen . kat dad make I go over and apologize the next day . 83 . bunny I be a american and in America , people sue . so to prevent a lawsuit , I baked a tart . and I do not bake . kat so dad ring the bell and when tony pee - pant open the door , I throw the tart at he and pop he stitches . Victor laugh , remember . Bunny hit he on the arm . victor sorry . he chuckle again . victor ( cont ’d ) you should have see he face -- ( he make a surprised face ) then , boom . right in the kisser . bunny ( shaking she head ) what happen to my little angel ? Amy and kat both ignore they mother , who 's mist up . nick and that 's when he peed in he pants ? after the tart ? kat he ble a bunch , but no , there be no pee . nick so what 's with the nickname ? they all think about that . bunny I have absolutely no idea . everyone laugh . 84 . ext . garden - fletcher - wooten estate - later many of the guest have go . empty bottle of wine litter the table . only the immediate family , tj , Nick and Jeffrey remain . Jeffrey 's still drink heavily and kat 's not at the table . int . wine cellar - fletcher -wooten estate kat pull a bottle of wine off the top shelf just as someone come up behind she . kat feel a hand on she back , spin around and drop the bottle . Jeffrey reach out and grab it before it drop . she look at he somber face , take the bottle , and set it back on the shelf . kat okay , let 's do this . what 's the big confession ? ext . garden - fletcher - wooten estate - same Nick look for kat . concern cross he face as he notice that Jeffrey 's go , too . Nick pick up a couple of empty wine bottle off the table . int . kitchen - fletcher - wooten estate - moment later Nick drop the bottle into a recycle bin then look over at the basement door . int . wine cellar - fletcher - wooten estate - same Nick stand at the top of the cellar stair . he 's eavesdropp , partially conceal by the half - open door . jeffrey ( 0.s. ) well , in a way , you be right . the prob be , you be in love . I want to be . but I be not . intercut with jeffrey and kat : jeffrey ( cont 'd ) if I have have confess , you would have forgiven I . but the truth be , I do not want to be forgiven . I sort of just need it to end . 85 . kat process Jeffrey 's word , try to be open . jeffrey ( cont ’d ) bollock , I be sorry . I have no idea this would be so difficult kat relax . take a breath and just say it . it 's no big deal . I promise . jeffrey brilliant . kat well , it be a big deal . as late as ... yesterday . or this morning . ( beat ) but not anymore . Nick smile . kat ( cont 'd ) and you be right -- it be why I bring Nick with I ... because I want to drive you insane . to torture you slowly , for the entire weekend . but then something happen . I start to fall for he . and now , and I hope this do not hurt you feeling , now I be sick of you and I , of we story . Nick , almost giddy with happiness , move away from the door then back towards it again . finally , he close it quietly and leave . downstair , kat take Jeffrey 's hand . kat ( cont 'd ) it 's the past . it 's nothing but ghost . so just get it off you chest , then let 's go back upstairs and eat some tiramisu . jeffrey I sleep with you sister . silence . kat I be sorry ? 86 . jeffrey I shag Amy . two year ago . that 's why I end it . and then after you leave , sod it , we keep at it like rabbit until we both realize it be absolutely mad . and , you know , morally wrong . then there be that one other time . and that be it . kat stare at he , blood pound in she ear . jeffrey ( cont 'd ) last Christmas when Ed propose , I realize ... I be in love with she . I can not lose she . she feel like she 's trap in a horror movie . she 's get to get out of here . in a daze , she turn around and head toward the stair . jeffrey ( cont ’d ) what ? good lord , say something . you say I should tell you the truth . kat stop dead , she jaw stiffen . when she turn and look at he , she face be fill with loathing . kat I waste two year grieve this ? kat laugh . it be so close to tear , that the sound catch in she throat . she shake she head , wearily , and mechanically walk up the stair . ext . garden - fletcher -wooten estate kat emerge like a sleepwalker . she look for Nick , do not find he anywhere . she drift toward the table . Jeffrey appear in the doorway behind she . tj be the first to look up . she see kat 's face , see Jeffrey , and know what happen . tj go to kat . tj oh , no . he tell you . kat you know ? 87 . tj I be so sorry . kat shake she head and look past tj to Amy . Amy meet she sister 's gaze and instantly get it . desperate to keep this from Ed , she head kat off . amy please do not say anything . kat look at Amy like they have never meet . Amy 's eye be wild , silently plead . amy ( cont 'd ) please . kat have never feel more alone . she look everywhere for Nick . he finally emerge from the house and come to kat 's rescue , fold she in he arm . kat hold onto he for dear life . then - - amy ( to Nick ) I can not believe you tell she ! kat pull away from Nick , confuse . as she stumble backwards , all she see be Nick 's face . all she hear be Amy 's voice , mile away . amy ( 0.s. ) you say you job be discretion . you could not wait until you get back to New York ? Bunny and Victor watch , confuse , as kat run out . Nick run after she as Ed approach Jeffrey . ed what 's go on ? Jeffrey look straight at he best friend . jeffrey nothing . ed ( skeptical ) do not look like nothing . Jeffrey put he arm around ed. 88. jeffrey now be not the time to catch on . ( be : Ed 's empty glass ) it be , however , time for another round . ext . fletcher -wooten estate kat stagger down the moonlit lane . she 's barely stave off a breakdown . Nick run up behind she . nick kat ! kat charge forward , blindly , as Nick follow . nick ( cont 'd ) come on ! do not be -- kat 's anger swell , she spin around . kat what ?! I can not believe I trust you ! how could you not tell I !? Nick see the pain in kat 's face . it 's pain for Jeffrey , for the past . nick ( angrily ) Jesus , kat . what do you want I to say ? that you sister sleep with you fiancé ? that everybody know and no one respected you enough to tell you ? Nick be not use to be angry . he grow uneasy , hedge -- nick ( cont 'd ) besides , you hire I for my discretion . kat you have always get that to hide behind , do not you ? it 's just business ! nick yeah ! for all I know , come Monday morning , we will go back to the real world and ... and you 'il be hire I for you best friend ! 89 . kat 's face fill with hurt nick ( cont 'd ) I mean , come on . do you actually think we have be boyfriend and girlfriend ? this stop kat a moment , then -- silence . kat you let I make a fool of myself ! you lie to I ! I do not know why that surprise I because lie be what you do . it 's you job . it 's who you be . how would you even know if something be real ? nick you be judge I ?! oh , that 's a good one . you be lie to I you be lie to you family , and you be lie to yourself . but you be go to stand there and point a finger at I ? the man you hire to pretend to be you boyfriend ? each want the other to fight for it . but neither do . kat give up . kat you be right . I be so desperate to make everyone believe I be happy that I spend six grand ona lie . and after all that ? the only one who end up fall for it be I . nick go ahead , kat . hate I . you be run out of steam on the whole Jeffrey thing . maybe now you 's 1ll be able to hold onto this just long enough to ruin you next relationship . Nick 's have enough . he turn and walk away , leave kat stunne . 90 . ext . fletcher - wooten estate - later the party be over , the house light low . moonlight wash over Nick as he carry he pack suitcase to he car . Ed come out of the house , jog up to Nick . nick I 'il just check into a hotel . ed do not be ridiculous . it 's late and the place be empty . just take my car . Ed hand he a set of key . ed ( cont ’d ) I do not know what 's go on with you two , but I be sure it 'il work out . you could not be more perfect for she if she pick you out of a catalogue . Nick smile , wearily . nick thanks , man . Nick toss he bag in back and get in the car . int . sitting room - fletcher - wooten estate - same kat stand at the window , she eye puffy . she watch as Nick drive away , then she turn around . her mom and dad wait in the darken live room . kat try to be strong , but then she go to she father , bury herself in he arm . Bunny hide a pang of disappointment as she gently touch kat 's head . int . kat 's room - fletcher - wooten estate - later kat straighten up she room . a knock on the door and Amy walk in . amy hey . kat hey. 91 . kat keep clean up . amy I just want to say thank you . for not outing I in front of Ed . I want to tell he . just not on the night before we wedding . with this kind of thing , timing be everything . kat turn on she sister , she 's smile . kat you be right . you should really time it right so when he hear that you repeatedly screw he best friend , he do not feel like the world be collapse around he and there 's no escape because you trick he into marrying you . Amy be not ready for kat 's intensity , she back towards the door . amy you know what ? I be not have this conversation right now . kat sure , disappear . we have be walk away we whole life . Amy turn around and face kat , willing to hear anything . kat ( cont 'd ) I be not even go to discuss the fact that you screw my fiancé because you have always be a spoiled , amoral , little princess . Amy look horrify but kat 's not back down . kat ( cont 'd ) but I put up with all of it because I really believe that deep down , you love I and you be a good person . I really think you deserve someone like ed. God I envied you guy . somehow , he make you selfish bullshit seem okay . almost endear . Amy look at kat with tear in she eye . 92 . kat ( cont 'd ) and now I know . you do not deserve any of it . you be just lucky . kat look at she sister , sadly . kat ( cont 'd ) do not worry , Amy . you wedding will be perfect . tomorrow , I x11 smile and say all the right thing and you 'il deal with Ed when you be ready . but right now , tonight , I can not pretend it 's okay . Amy , stricken , exit . as she leave , she shoulder start to shake . she be cry . kat 's reflex be to go to she , but she stop herself . it 's too soon to forgive . she walk over and close the door . int . boathouse - fletcher - wooten estate - same Nick stand , alone in the darken boathouse , speak on he cell phone . nick and that 's the first flight out ? he write something down on a piece of paper . nick ( cont 'd ) all right , thank you . he hang up and sit down on the edge of the bed . he look at the floor . at nothing . int . kat 's room - fletcher -wooten estate kat lie in bed . she stare at the ceiling . at nothing . CUT to : int . kat 's room - fletcher - wooten estate - morning kat 's eye flutter open . she 's not refresh and she do not feel better . the only thing that 's change be that it 's morning . kat look up at the ceiling . kat ( 0.s. ) I be okay . 93 . cu on kat 's face , staring into camera . she sees nothing . int . hair dresser - day kat 's make - up be flawless and she hair be perfect but she eye be cloud with pain and sleeplessness . bunny ( 0.s. ) I do not believe you . Bunny sit next to kat in a barber 's chair . kat no , I be fine , really . nothing a bottle of Jack and a straight razor can not fix . kat 's try to be light , but she eye be a dead giveaway . kat draw in a long breath , try to summon some semblance of joy . kat ( cont 'd ) anyway , it do not matter . today 's Amy 's day . she brave a glance at she mother 's face . Bunny 's not buy . ext . car park - hair dresser kat stand in the car park behind the salon , furtively suck on a cigarette as she pull off a old nicotine patch . choke , she throw down the cigarette as the salon door open and Bunny step out . bunny what 's go on with you two ? kat I be pretty hard on she last night . ( welling up ) and now she 's get marry . bunny there 's a reason I always tell that tony pee - pant story , you know . 94 . kat trust I . this be bigger than tony pee-pant . bunny ( press on ) before tony , you and you sister be best friend . I could not split you up . if you sister eat the spinach , you eat the spinach . if you throw up --. kat Mom , please . bunny ( cont ’d ) anyway , when that boy come over , it be the first time you ever do anything without she . ( beat ) and Amy be not just jealous ... she be sad and lonely . she miss you . kat she do ? bunny so she flirt with tony , and you get mad and send he away . who do that leave ? ( beat ) you and Amy . reunited . kat stand , stunne , as Bunny brushes she hand against kat 's cheek . bunny ( cont ’d ) I wish I have know it would go by so fast . kat watch , full of emotion , as Bunny leave with tear in she eye . int . church a series of image as wedding preparation transform the austere church . a carpet be unroll down the aisle . a bouquet be affix to a pew . program be laid out . CUT to : 112 95 . a hand zipping up a suitcase . int . boathouse - fletcher -wooten estate 112 bag in hand , Nick lock up the boathouse and set the key on top of the door frame . ext . fletcher -wooten estate limo wait outside both kat 's house and the house next door . Bunny fuss with Amy 's dress as they walk toward the car . Victor and kat follow , arm in arm . angle on victor and kat . Victor look at kat , who be try to be brave . it 's almost work . int . annex - church Amy nervously fuss with she dress when kat walk in . kat stop when she see she sister , glow in a beam of dusty light . it take kat 's breath away . kat wow . you look beautiful . amy yeah . most important day of my life . whatever . listen , I choose you to be my maid of honor for a lot of reason : I love you , you be my favorite , and only , half - sister blah blah blah . but the main reason I pick you be because you have be so miserable for the past few year , I know you would not outshine I . ( beat ) but here it be , my big day . my big day . and something do not feel right . maybe it be that pep talk you give I last night , I do not know , but you misery just be not work for I anymore . Amy try to keep up she tough attitude but when she level she gaze at kat , she eye cloud with a regret deeper than we think she capable of . 96 . amy ( cont 'd ) it be a horrible thing I do to you . I be really sorry . Amy take she sister 's hand . then let it drop . amy ( cont 'd ) I know you hate when I get what I want . but right now , all I want be for you to be happy . on kat as this sink in . ext . church kat push open the heavy church door . organ music flood out as kat surreptitiously look up and down the street . Victor appear behind she . kat look at she dad and force a smile . Victor know she 's upset . victor so why have you let he go ? kat it 's complicated , dad . victor ( ironically ) oh , well , then . it probably will not work out . Victor stop and face she , he voice full of meaning . victor ( cont ’d ) I read a fascinating article in the New Yorker once and this guy say : '' every woman have the exact love life she want . '' you know what ? I agree . and I refuse to believe that this be what you want . kat be overwhelm but Victor continue . victor ( cont ’d ) ever since you be a little kid , you have be try to please other people . and in return for you service , all they have do be disappoint you . ( beat ) ( more ) 97 . victor ( cont would ) so tell I , be this the guy for you ? kat think about this . kat yeah . victor then for once in you life , do something for yourself . kat look at he gratefully and make a silent decision . int . car [ drive ] kat speed down the road in she parent 's car . the empty boat trailer clatter behind she int . church Amy watch through a crack in the door as the guest take they seat . int . annex - church Amy pace nervously . Ed knock and enter , cover he eye so he do not see she dress . ed you mother say you have like a quick word . Amy take Ed 's hand away from he eye . from the look on she face , Ed know something be wrong . int . wood kat race through the wood , try to keep she dress from catch on the branch that whip at she on all side . int . church the guest be all seat now , and the organ have begin its mood music . in the atrium just outside the church , the entire wedding party , minus Amy and Ed , be gather , wait . 98 . ext . boathouse - fletcher -wooten estate kat burst into the clear , she hair tousle , she dress nightmarish . she try to catch she breath as she look up to the porch of the boathouse . this be suppose to be the part where she see Nick and they live happily ever after int . boathouse - fletcher -wooten estate kat desperately search the room of the boathouse . by the time she get to the kitchen , she know it 's go to be empty . she open the door , anyway . Nick 's go . on the kitchen table , a_brown envelope . kat pick it up . written on the front : kat . she turn it over to open it . on the back it read : '' it 's all there , trust I . '' kat laugh at how well Nick know she . her eye fill with love . int . / ext . car [ drive ] Inside the car , Nick 's face be stoic as he drive , he carry - on on the seat next to he . int . annex - church Amy face Ed , she eye red and puffy . amy I be too scared to tell you . I think you have never speak to I again . I be so sorry . Ed be reeling , he just stare at Amy , say nothing . Amy 's finally do she penance . the silence be kill she . amy ( cont 'd ) say something . please . ed I know you be still see someone else when we finally get together . I never in a million year would have dreamt it be Jeffrey . Ed shake he head , try to understand . 99 . ed ( cont ’d ) do kat know ? amy Jeffrey tell she last night . ed last night ? Ed wince , remember , then let out a growl . ed ( cont ’d ) that worthless bastard ! Ed stagger towards the door . int . church Ed slam the door on he way out of the annex . he charge up the aisle , past the pews full of guest . guest murmur in surprise . Ed pick up speed . he 's like a heat - seek missile that 's find its mark : jeffrey , stand at the back , chat up a dumpy bridesmaid . he turn just in time to see Ed run up the aisle . tj spot Ed , too . Jeffrey 's see this movie before -- he know he 's about to get he ass kick . Jeffrey drop everything and start run . at that moment tj grab a flower girl and use the little girl to trip Jeffrey . he fall , scramble back up and keep run . ext . STREET kat trudge up the church step , she head down . just then the door burst open and Jeffrey fly out of the church and race down the street . moment later , Ed explode from the church and take off after Jeffrey . kat watch they run down the street , confuse , then go inside . int . / ext . car [ drive ] Nick 's stare straight ahead when something streak past he window . 100 . Nick think he 's see thing , look in the rear-view mirror to investigate . just then , another form streak past . Nick look out the back window and see Ed chase Jeffrey down the street . Nick shake he head , but keep drive . this family be not he problem anymore . Nick will he eye to stay on the road , but then he can not help it . he look into the rear-view mirror again . almost despite himself , Nick throw the car into a u-turn . he catch up and pull alongside Ed , who 's still chase Jeffrey . nick hey . Ed look over at Nick , but keep run , he tuxedo flail . Nick keep pace . ed ( wind ) I look like a total wanker , do not I ? nick yeah , kind of . Ed keep run . nick ( cont 'd ) only way to beat that guy be to take yourself out of the game . Ed finally stop run . wheezing , he bend over to catch he breath . Nick pull over . int . annex - church back inside , Amy nervously await she fate . kat enter . she want to hug Amy , but offer she a tissue instead . Amy take it gratefully . int. / ext . car - later Nick and Ed pull up to the church . Nick turn off the car . neither one of they get out . ed you head to the train station ? 101 . nick I figure you could pick up you car tomorrow . ed yeah . they sit in silence , the church loom in front of they . ed ( cont ’d ) I feel sorry for you last night . I be sit there like some smug arse think how lucky I be . Ed 's clearly struggle . Nick let he talk . ed ( cont ’d ) I forgive she when I think it be just some bloke . bugger it . why Jeffrey ? ( beat ) I have have she up on a pedestal ever since ... since the day I put she up there . it 's go to take a long time for I to get over this . Nick try to find the right word of encouragement . finally , he take he best shot nick think about it this way : you get to spend the rest of you life have make - up sex . Ed think on this a moment . then he turn to Nick . ed listen , mate , be you come to this wedding or not ? ext . church kat push open the heavy door to take one last look . she step outside and the door close , revealing -- nick , now dress in he tux . he smile at she . nick hi. kat hi. 102 . they take each other in . nick when we be fight last night , it hit I . no one have ever care about I as much as you care about Jeffrey . that 's why I be so angry . I be sorry I take it out on you -- I do not mean to hurt you . ( beat ) and then , I be go to get out of here and leave you alone , but halfway to the station , I realize -- from inside , the wedding MARCH begin to play . Nick take she face in he hand . nick ( cont 'd ) I have rather fight with you than make love to anyone else . kat be speechless . Nick lean down and kiss she like he 's go to keep on kissing she forever . but then , he break away . nick ( cont 'd ) I should go . kat what ?! no , no . you can not -- nick I have to . ( he smile ) I be the best man . int . hallway - church Nick and kat stand in a dark doorway , face the close door . they share a secret smile in the dark . just then , the usher open the door and Nick lead kat down the aisle . as they walk , they exchange sidelong glance . both be as nervous and excited as school kid . behind they , Victor and Amy beam as they await they turn . Nick lean over and whisper in she ear . 103 . int . church - later in the background , Amy and Ed stand at the altar . they hold hand tightly , grateful to have lose and find each other Nick and kat peek across at each other . they both smile . kat ( 0.s. ) '' today be a day for love and for beauty . but most of all , it 's a day for truth . '' int . tent - fletcher - wooten estate - afternoon kat speak into a microphone , try to deliver she speech . all around she , she see face : Mom , dad , Amy , Ed , tj . kat look down at a crumpled scrap of paper . kat I have be work on this speech since this two get engage . it be suppose to be touch and funny . kat look at Nick . he do not have to do anything . he just be support . kat ( cont 'd ) I think I have come back to England and have a epiphany . I have see Amy and the perfect thing would pop into my head and it would encapsulate how and why I love my sister . but I come home and everything be a mess and the truth and beauty line be all I could come up with . ( beat ) and I think I steal that from the back of a in - flight magazine . the guest laugh . kat look at she mom . kat ( cont 'd ) a wonderful woman once say about Amy : '' it 's not that I love she more , it 's that she let I love she . '' kat raise she glass in a toast 104 . kat ( cont 'd ) ( to Ed and Amy ) it can be the scariest thing in the world to let someone love you and to know how to love they back . take good care of each other . I love you both . everyone clink glass . a few people sniffle or kiss they date . kat and Amy hold each other 's gaze . nearby , Bunny watch she little girl with tear in she eye . int . tent - fletcher - wooten estate - dusk the staff have already start pack up . Ed 's Father whisper something to the bandleader and pull he wife out on the dance floor . he spin she around as '' ma vie en Rose '' begin to play . she smile , happily , as they dance . Ed try to keep a very drunk Amy away from the present table . slouch on the piano , tj make out with she date , Woody , the bartender . the camera find kat and Nick on the dance floor . nick Nice speech . I think it be '' touch '' ... and '' funny . '' kat thank you . Nick gracefully spin kat around ; they really do dance beautifully together . kat ( cont 'd ) since I have generously agree to go out with you , I think it 's only fair that you tell I how you get into the business ? kat smile mischievously . Nick pull she close . he 's finally go to tell she . nick you know why I never tell the real story of how I get into this ? kat shake she head , " no . " Nick swing she around in a elaborate dip and kiss she on the neck . 105 . nick ( cont 'd ) because it 's boring . ( kat laugh ) now if you want to hear a good story , let I tell you the one about how I get out of it . kat and Nick smile at each other as they dance grow more effortless . in the background , Ed tug a half - open present out of Amy 's hand and put it back on the table . she jump up on he back and he happily cart she off to the loo . CUT to : a hand counting money in the brown envelope . ext . boathouse - fletcher - wooten estate - same a worker finish count the money , close the envelope , and tuck it in he pocket . the camera pull back as he walk over to two other worker , who be scraping paint off a hoist - up '' jack ship . '' as the first star appear in the night sky , the music swell and we slowly make out the sound of the great make - up sex of all time , echoing in the distance . fade to black .