the lobster written by yorgo lanthimos & efthimis filippou 30 April 2013 element picture limp scarlet film ext . country road - day a woman drive . she be on a country road , with field on either side . she reach a desert spot where three donkey stand on the right side of the road . the woman pull over , put on a pair of glove , get out of the car , check to see if there be anyone nearby or if she be be watch , run towards the donkey , shoot one of they many time over , run back to the car and drive away . open credit . i. the town int . town house sitting room - morning a man around 45 year old , david , sit on a sofa . his wife , around 40 year old , stand and lean against a bookcase . David be shortsight and wear glass . his wife also wear glass . next to David lie a dog , a alsatian . David be cry . the woman be not . david 's wife I be really sorry . ( pause ) david do he wear glass or contact lense ? david 's wife glass . ( pause ) David do not look at she . he stare at the floor . he swivel a glass of grapefruit juice on the table with he hand . David 's wife seem sad . she look at she watch a couple of time . she hesitates , but finally talk . david' wife ( cont 'd ) you 'il have to hurry up . they will be here quite soon . David leave the room . as he go up the stair to the bedroom , he wife keep talk to he . david' wife ( cont ’d ) do not worry . I be sure you will find the right woman really soon . a woman of average shortsightedness , just like you . int . town house bedroom - morning David pick out clothes from the wardrobe and get dress . his movement be slow and unhurry , as if he do not want this final preparation to end . he stare at he slipper next to the bed . he decide not to take they with he . female v.o . he decide that he brown leather shoe be the best pair to wear . he go down the stair into the sit room . there he see the other man for the first and last time . he be very handsome . int . town house sitting room - morning David go down the stair that lead to the sit room . in the sit room sit a man who be not handsome . he too be shortsight and wear glass . he eat a tuna- mayonnaise sandwich . female v.o . he be eat a tuna- mayonnaise sandwich and wear a pair of black lace - up shoe . she be in the kitchen . David sit in the armchair and look at he watch . his wife enter the room and leave a glass of coca - cola Light for the man eat the sandwich and then go to the window . int . town house sitting room - morning David sit in the armchair . the two man do not look at or talk to each other . the woman enter hold a glass of coca - cola with ice and a slice of lemon . she leave the glass in front of the man eat the sandwich and then go over to David . she look at she watch and then out the window . everyone wait in silence . they all avoid make eye contact . David grab a coffee table book from the coffee table next to he . he flick through the page quickly , look at the picture without any real interest . he just go through the motion . the dog sit next to he . female v.o. David pick up a book call '' the most famous lighthouse in the World '' and pretend to read . he be think he wife do not love he at all anymore . he do not burst into tear and he do not stop to think that the first thing most people do when they realise someone do not love they anymore be cry . the doorbell ring . the woman get up and answer the door . two man dress as waiter enter . 50 - year-old waiter good afternoon . david 's wife good afternoon . 50 - year-old waiter which of this two gentleman be the one not the David get up . and leave it you you no , he button up be you be break up with ? david 's wife the man eat the sandwich . man with the brown shoe . his wife go over to he . he close the book on the table . david' wife ( cont 'd ) can take the book with you , if like . david that 's okay . he jacket and fix he hair with he hand . david 's wife you ready ? do you pack that pain relief cream for you back ? david yes . you david 's wife nre healthy , you have many interest , you have good taste . everything will be fine . David look at the waiter . david I be ready . ext . town road - morning the waiter lead David to a coach . the dog follow they and get into the vehicle with David . ext . HOTEL coach - morning there be another four people sit on the coach . two women , a bald man and a blond man . they all sit in different part of the coach . David take a window seat . the waiter sit together behind the waiter -driver . one of the two woman get up from she seat and go sit . she look at the dog and smile at stroke he . she look a little afraid of dog above he hind leg , as far from the possible . biscuit woman over to where David he but do not he . she stroke the animal 's mouth as you dog be so beautiful . what 's he name ? david Bob . biscuit woman hello , bob. I be Anna . I love dog so much . I be sure Bob sense this and know that we be go to get along famously . I have hear the journey take over a hour . I have get butter biscuit and hazelnut in my bag . I can give you some if you be hungry . I mean , we can share they . I can give the dog some hazelnut too , or a biscuit . one of the waiter get up from he seat woman . 30 - year-old waiter and go over to the I be afraid you will have to return to you seat until we reach we destination . biscuit woman I see . how long will that be , roughly ? 50 - year-old waiter the journey last a little over a hour . the woman go back to she seat . she open she bag and eat a butter biscuit . she take a quick look around at the other people in the vehicle . int . HOTEL coach - morning David look out the window . they have leave the town and there be some wood beside the road . suddenly a rock hit the window . David be a little shocked . he notice that the waiter do not react . David see some people wear ponchos run alongside the coach . they be shouting but we can not hear what they be say . more rock strike the vehicle . the driver speed up and get away . he be completely unfaze by the incident . 10 ext . HOTEL carpark - morning the coach go through the hotel gate and come to a stop . the gate be open by two waiter - guard , who wave to the driver . the waiter have automatic rifle sling across they back . the hotel be a large building surround by a tall fence . it look quite well - maintain and clean . the plant be in excellent condition and it be immediately clear that this be one of that large hotel complex that can accommodate a large number of guest . at the entrance , the flag of various country fly on tall pole . a number of people stand and watch from the room balcony . one of they wave . biscuit woman , fill with optimism , wave back . the passenger get off the coach . the two waiter lead they to the entrance in a line . blond man be slow and fall behind because of he limp . we will call he limping man from now on . ii . the HOTEL near the town int . HOTEL lobby - day the hotel lobby be empty . there be nobody around apart from the receptionist . on the wall be various classic-look painting , all of which show couple in a characteristic pose : the man seat in a armchair with the woman stand by he side . there be also some painting , again in a classic style , of animal , such as a horse , a duck or some other bird . the receptionist be a young woman with a friendly face and a calm voice . biscuit woman and the other woman , David , limp man and the bald man stand in front of the reception desk . receptionist welcome . have any of you stay in the hotel before ? biscuit woman I have . receptionist excellent . then you know the rule . if you like , you can wait in the lobby . you 'il find today 's papers , and we can bring you tea or coffee or a soft drink . biscuit woman I would like to hear the rule again , if you do not mind . I mean , it 's be ten year since I be last here and I have forget a number of thing . like the bit with the day where you hunt the people in the wood with a bow and arrow , the night of the slaughter and so on . 11 receptionist some thing have change . we use tranquilliser gun now instead of bow and arrow and the night of the slaughter have be do away with . i’1l go over everything again with you . I do not mind at all . biscuit woman do Toby still work here ? receptionist who 's Toby ? biscuit woman Toby . the outdoor bar waiter . receptionist I do not know . you 'il have to ask one of the outdoor bar staff . I would like you all to form a line . I suggest the gentleman allow the lady to go first , although this be not compulsory . you can sort this out amongst yourselves . the gentleman allow the lady to go first . int . HOTEL lobby - morning David be the last to be serve . he keep hold with one hand and rest he other hand on the the dog seem anxious , and bark . David try but do not succeed . the dog bark throughout that follow . receptionist well , sir , you say you have never be on you own before , correct ? david no , never . the receptionist fill in a form . receptionist be you allergic to any food ? david no. receptionist you last relationship last how many year ? david around twelve . of the alsatian reception desk . to calm it down the exchange receptionist do you remember how long exactly ? David try to calm and quieten the dog but fail . david eleven year and one month . receptionist any child ? david no. receptionist and the dog ? david my brother . he be here a couple of year ago but he do not make it . you might remember he . medium build , 48 year old , bald patch , blond . receptionist I be afraid not , sir . okay , now I would like you to write you name clearly on this form . she hand he the form to fill in . receptionist ( cont ’d ) in capital letter . we see the golf course and squash court , empty . on a basketball court we see a man and a woman play one on one . receptionist ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you be not allow to use the basketball or volleyball court , this be only for the couple . you can use the facility for individual sport , such as squash and golf . at the hotel bar , the barman mix a cocktail . someone be drink alone . receptionist ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you can stay in the hotel for up to 45 day . you will be stay in a single room . if everything go well and you make it , you will be move to a double room . every Saturday there 's a dance in the main hall . you be in luck , because tomorrow 's Saturday . here 's a leaflet with the hotel rule . ( more ) 12 receptionist ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I would like you to read it carefully and if you have any question , do not hesitate to ask I for help . in the hotel kitchen , waiter wash the dish . they then lay out a buffet . one of the waiter have dirtied he shirt . another spray he shirt with stain - removal fluid , wait for it to dry and then wipe at the stain with a cloth . david thank you . receptionist you be in room 101 . you should always keep the dog there . you be excuse from today 's programme , so you can spend the rest of the day however you like . int . HOTEL reception room - day a large room , most of which be empty . in one corner of the room be four desk arrange in a row with some chair . David get undress . he leave he clothes with a waiter and a maid , who store they in a box . sitting on chair in just they underwear be the rest of the people who arrive with David on the coach . maid shoe size ? david 44 and a half . maid 44 or 45 . there be no half size . david 45 . they give he a pair of black shoe , a pair of brown shoe and a pair of flip flop . maid please pick a CD for the sound system in you room . there be four CD to choose from , they title handwritten on they case : best ever love song vol . I , best ever love song vol . ii , best ever love song vol . III , and best ever love song vol . iv . David pause to think . david volume three , please . 13 maid if you need a haircut , call reception one day ahead . smoke be not allow . that way you will be able to run for longer during the hunt without get tired and you breath will not smell when you kiss . enjoy you stay . david thank you . biscuit woman Excuse I , if we need a haircut we must call reception for a appointment the day before ? maid that 's right . biscuit woman great . int . room 101 - morning the room be typical of a nice hotel . it have a single bed , a single chair beside a small table and a teacup upturn on its saucer on the table . the floor be carpete . female v.o. his room number be 101 . a tranquilliser gun be hang on the wall above he bed . on the bedside table be 20 tranquilliser dart . we watch David enter the room in just he underwear . he hold the dog by its leash . David look around the room : a single bed and a wardrobe beside it . hanging on the wall above the bed be a tranquilliser gun . there be tranquilliser dart on the bedside table . David take the leash off the dog and look around . female v.o. ( cont 'd ) Inside the wardrobe be four identical khaki chino trousers , four identical claret polo shirt , a belt , sock , underwear , a blazer , four sky - blue shirt , a stripe tie , a black plastic watch , a pair of sunglass , a white bathrobe and acqua di parma cologne for man . he think they most probably give the woman the same cologne but for woman . maybe the man with the bad leg could become he friend . ( more ) 14 10 . female v.o. ( cont 'd ) but not if he be court the same woman he be . then they have surely fight , he think . he have never reach the point where he have kill he but they would fight , that 's for sure . David open the wardrobe . Inside the wardrobe be four identical khaki chino trousers , four identical polo shirt , a belt , sock , underwear , a blazer , four sky - blue shirt , a stripe tie , a black plastic watch , a pair of sunglass , a white bathrobe and acqua di parma cologne for man . David sit down on the edge of the bed . he read the leaflet . the dog look out the window . int . room 101 - morning David look out the window . the coach pull up outside the hotel entrance . Men and woman , resident of the hotel , climb out of the coach carry unconscious people . they dump the limp body next to a waiter , who count they , and the maid take note in a folder . the phone ring . David answer it . david yes ? biscuit woman ( 0.s. ) good afternoon . david good afternoon . biscuit woman ( 0.s. ) I be call from room 180 . I be 45 year old but I look 40 because I follow a healthy diet and I have work out ever since I be young . how about you ? David answer , but have not yet figure out who he 's talk to . david I be 45 year old too . biscuit woman ( 0.s. ) how be you day ? david Fine . the dog bark . biscuit woman ( 0.s. ) you have a dog ? david yes . 15 11 . biscuit woman ( 0.s. ) I love dog very much and they take to I right away . I think we be go to get along famously . do you like butter biscuit ? now he get it . david yes . biscuit woman ( 0.s. ) I do not just like they , I like they a lot . let 's have tea or coffee sometime with biscuit . you sound like a very interesting person . feel free to call I whenever you like , morning or night , until 10 o'clock . if I do not answer , try again . I take this pill for my thyroid gland , they tell I they might make I drowsy . my room number be 180 , so my phone number be 180 . I have to go now because I be feel sleepy . we will talk later . Goodbye . david Goodbye . he hang up and stand there stare at the phone for a minute . int . room 101 - evening David sleep in he clothes on the bed . the dog sleep on the floor . there be a knock at the door . David wake up , fix he hair a little and answer the door . the HOTEL manager and she husband enter . the waiter and the maid who be hand out shoe to the new guest follow they in . the Hotel manager be a woman of around 55 . she be dress formally and she hair be carefully style . almost like a sculpture . HOTEL manager welcome . I be the Hotel manager and this gentleman be my partner . you be one of the lucky one because you room be one of we superior room . that mean it have a view . the Hotel manager sit on the only chair and she partner stand beside she . they resemble the painting on the lobby wall , only in reverse . HOTEL manager ( cont ’d ) do you read the leaflet ? 12 . david I do , yes . HOTEL manager very good . the fact that you will turn into a animal if you do not manage to fall in love with another person during you stay here be not something that should upset you , or get you down . just think , as a animal you will have a second chance to find a companion . but even then you must be very careful . you will need to find a companion who be the same type of animal as you be . a wolf and a penguin could never live together , nor could a camel with a hippopotamus . that would be absurd . think about it . but there be certain combination in particular that be worst of all - for example a bear with a fish , or a lion with a antelope , or a fox with a chicken . I realise that this discussion be a little unpleasant for you but I have a duty to prepare you psychologically for every possible outcome . have you decide what animal you would like to be if you end up alone ? david a lobster . HOTEL manager why a lobster ? David seem to have think this through rather well . david because a lobster life to be over 100 year old , have blue blood just like a aristocrat and stay fertile all its life . and I like the sea very much . I water-ski and swim quite well , ever since I be a teenager . HOTEL manager I must congratulate you . usually the first thing people think of be a dog and that 's why the world be full of dog . very few choose to become unusual animal , which be why they be endangered . ( more ) 16 17 18 13 . HOTEL manager ( cont 'd ) rarely do someone choose to be a tuna fish , due to the danger it face , or a polar bear , due to its adverse live condition . a lobster be a excellent choice . one more thing , before we leave . the Hotel manager signal to the waiter and the maid . they take David 's arm , twist it behind he back and bring out a special leather accessory consist of a belt and a bracelet link together . they fasten the belt around he waist and the bracelet around he wrist , so that he hand be hold tight behind he back and he cannot move he arm . the belt buckle in front be then lock with a small key , so that he cannot take it off . HOTEL manager ( cont ’d ) this be so you see how easy life be when there be two of something instead of just one . we forget this from time to time . the handcuff will be remove at the same time tomorrow . but that 's enough for today . I imagine it be a try day . good evening and enjoy you stay . they leave and close the door behind they . David look down at the belt and bracelet . int . room 101 - night David have place he toothbrush on the bathroom sink and try to squeeze toothpaste onto it . he then try to screw the plastic cap back onto the toothpaste tube , and fail over and over again . he finally brushes he tooth . int . room 101 - night David stand beside he bed . he try to pull off he trousers with the belt still on in order to free he hand . he struggle . he lie down , suck in he belly and push he trousers down . after much effort , he manage to free one leg . int . room 101 - morning David sleep in he underwear . he have manage to take he trousers off , which be still attach to he wrist by the bracelet . he be wake up by the music of a very well - know love song , '' a groovy kind of Love '' by phil Collins . he look at he watch . David get up and sit on the side of the bed . he fix he hair with both hand , lift up the trousers on he wrist as he do so . he put some water in a plate for the dog . 19 14 . int . breakfast room - morning David enter the breakfast room wear he trousers as normal . the breakfast room be very tidy and clean . David walk quickly , try to find a empty table to sit at . everybody look at he as he walk by . he look straight ahead the whole time . all the man wear the same clothes . all the woman do too . they all sit alone . there be only one chair at each table in the room . he see limp man , who be with he on the coach . he too have he arm tie behind he back . all the new arrival wear this same accessory . female v.o. his first day be one he would never forget so long as he live . beside the window opposite he table at breakfast sit a young woman with she head tilt back . later he would learn that she often get nosebleed . next to she sit she best friend . near the door , the woman who be with he on the coach offer a biscuit to a man drink a campari and soda for breakfast . he then look behind he and see a man and a woman he would meet in due course , and some other he would never meet during he stay at the hotel . we see nosebleed woman , she best friend who stare at she , biscuit woman ( with one hand tie behind she back ) , campari man , lisping man and heartless woman , character we will get to know later . lisp man be around 50 year old and heartless woman be around 35 and very beautiful . David spread butter and marmalade on a slice of bread with one hand and eat . limp man and lisp man come up to he table . limping man I have decide to go for a walk outside with my new friend . let I introduce you . this be Robert , he stay in the room next to mine and have a lisp . David put down he cup of coffee and offer he hand to lisp man . they shake hand . david please to meet you . I be stay in room 101 . limping man would you like to join we ? david why not . 20 21 15 . ext . beach - morning limp man , David and lisp man sit on the beach . Three yacht be moor at the pier in front of they . the pier be guard by two armed waiter . lisping man she 's much older than he be , you know that right ? david yes . limping man yes . lisping man when Melanie be with Don , I could understand what bring they together clearly . he be more she age and they hair colour really match as they be both strawberry blond . but now with Antonio it 's really strange , it do not really make sense . I mean , he 's much darker than she be and , as you know , much young . limping man maybe there 's something we do not know . I have hear he have he own business , he sell this aftershave , you know , name after himself . david maybe she have a aftershave or a cologne name after she too . lisping man maybe . I do not know . what I do know be that this two be a shine example to we all . whenever I feel down , I think of this two and tell myself that I be go to make it , that everything 's go to be alright . I keep hold of this think and I know that my day at this place be numbered . one of this day it 's go to be I on one of that three yacht . int . lecture hall - midday the new arrival at the hotel sit on four chair on stage . David sit last in line . there be a wireless microphone which they each take to speak . behind the podium stand the Hotel manager . her husband stand beside , and a little behind she . 22 16 . all the resident attend the event be sit very quietly . the hall be half empty . waiter and Maids stand randomly around the room , in pair . HOTEL manager room 206 , Day 2 . limping man hello , everyone . limping man ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) my mother be leave on she own when my father fall in love with a woman who be better at math than she be . she have a postgraduate degree I think , whereas my mother be only a graduate . ext . zoo - day we see limp man walk normally , without a limp , in a zoo and hold a carrier bag . he pass various cage animal and reach the wolf enclosure . he take piece of raw meat out of the bag and throw they into the enclosure at various place . the wolf draw close . limping man ( v.o. ) I be sixteen at the time . my mother enter the hotel but do not make it and be turn into a wolf . I really miss she . I find out she would be move to a zoo . I often go there to see she . I would give she raw meat , I know wolf like raw meat but I could not figure out which of the wolf be my mother , so I use to give a little bit to each of they . limp man climb up the enclosure fence . the wolf come over to where the man be . only two wolf stand motionless and watch from a corner of the enclosure . limping man ( v.o. ) one day I decide to enter the enclosure . I really miss she and I want a hug . I climb the fence and jump in . all the wolf charge at once and attack I . all but two , who stand motionless . my guess be that one of that two must have be my mother . the zoo guard get to I quite quickly and take I to the hospital . thankfully I do not lose my leg , I just have this limp , which be also my define characteristic . ( more ) 23 24 17 . limping man ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) my wife die six day ago . she be very beautiful and I love she very much . she have a limp too . we see a zoo guard hose down the blood in the wolf enclosure . a tiger sleep in the next cage . int . lecture hall —- midday the audience applaud . some stand . the waiter also clap . the Hotel manager wait for the applause to peter out . the guest HOTEL manager reference letter . 1 - '' he be very sensitive and a very good friend . I leat he money in 1989 and he pay I back before the repayment date . '' 2 - '' John be wonderful . he love kid and be a first - class conversationalist . '' let 's move on to we next guest . room 104 , Day 2. guest from room 104 hello , everyone . this be only my second day here but already I feel like a member of a wonderful group . my define characteristic be that I have a very beautiful face . from room 104 do not have a very beautiful face . int . ballroom - evening a big room , cheerfully decorate . instrumental music play . some strobe light hang from the ceiling and there be two table laden with sandwich and refreshment . couple dance . two woman friend . a heartless go over sit at a table : nosebleed woman and she best woman sit on she own at the next table . she be the woman we see at breakfast . biscuit woman enter and to she table . biscuit woman May I join you ? heartless woman no , you may not . and do not you dare come near my table again . biscuit woman I be sorry . biscuit woman go to the table where nosebleed woman and she best friend sit . biscuit woman ( cont ’d ) can I sit with you ? 18 . nosebleed woman of course . you be third in line . I be first , then it 's my best friend , then you . biscuit woman thank you very much . nosebleed woman she have no feeling whatsoever . feel nothing at all . just be careful around she , keep you distance . understood ? biscuit woman okay . nosebleed woman 's best friend she 's the best hunter in the hotel . Silent and very fast . she 's the woman 's record holder . 192 captive . biscuit woman who 's the man 's record holder ? nosebleed woman a assistant university professor . he 's not at the hotel any more . he leave in 2009 after a year here . 282 captive . David approach they table . david who 's first ? nosebleed woman I be . they go to dance . romantic instrumental music play . there be around ten couple on the dance floor . limp man dance with a woman next to they and lisp man dance towards the back . next to they , the Hotel manager dance with she partner . she smile at he . he smile back at she , try to be polite . nosebleed woman 's nose start to bleed , stain David 's shirt . nosebleed woman ( cont ’d ) I be sorry , I have get blood on you . but do not worry . there be many way to remove blood stain from clothes quite easily . one be to wash the item in cold water and then rub it with sea salt . another be to scrub the stain with cotton wool dip in ammonia . ( more ) 25 26 27 28 19 . nosebleed woman ( cont ’d ) the third way be to use water and flour mix into a paste , like toothpaste , especially if the clothes be delicate or brightly coloured . but never use hot water on blood . ever . David do not seem to mind much . a alarm go off . they all run from the ballroom . int . room 101 - evening David quickly enter he room . he take the tranquilliser gun off the wall and load it . he leave the room . the dog look at he but do not react . int . HOTEL coach - evening David get into the coach with the other and sit next to limp man , who seem very nervous . limping man I wish I do not have this limp . I use to be very good at run but not anymore . I be sure I ' 1l be slower than they . david if I be you , I have think of some trick that use the element of surprise instead of speed . limping man you be right . that 's what I 'il do . a glimmer of hope light he face . ext . the wood - evening we see male and female resident of the hotel get off the coach armed with they tranquilliser gun . they run off , hold powerful torch , in different direction to hunt loner who live in the wood . some seem really excited . other look bored . the waiter get off the coach and stand in front of the vehicle . the driver switch off the coach headlight . ext . the wood - evening limp man struggle to run . he try to climb some rock but do not manage it . 29 30 31 32 20 . ext . the wood - evening heartless woman spot a young loner woman pick and eat nut off a tree . the Young loner woman notice she and start to run . heartless woman chase after she . after a hard chase she catch she and beat she into unconsciousness , then get up and shoot she with the tranquilliser gun as well . ext . the wood - evening two HOTEL guest stand over the unconscious body of a loner . they both start to drag the body away in different direction . they then stop and hit each other . ext . the wood - evening David spot a loner man in the distance try to hide . he take aim with he gun , shoot and miss . the loner man notice he and start to run . David start shoot over and over again . he miss and run after he . after a while David stop , out of breath . he realise he 's also out of tranquilliser dart . he sit on a rock . he look at he watch . ext . HOTEL entrance - evening the hotel guest be line up in front of the coach . some of they have unconscious body of loner beside they . the maid hold a folder go to each hotel guest in turn and announce to they how many extra day 's stay at the hotel they have earn base on the number of loner they have capture . she first shine a light in they face and then on the body beside each guest . she come first to lisp man . maid room 186 , one loner , one extra day . 38 day 's stay leave , plus one , 39 . she then go to heartless woman . maid ( cont 'd ) room 290 , four loner , four extra day . 154 day 's stay leave , plus four , 158 . next be limp man. maid ( cont 'd ) room 206 . the day of you stay remain unchange . she then go to David . he have take no prisoner . 33 21 . maid ( cont 'd ) room 101 . the day of you stay remain unchange . the maid move on . maid ( cont 'd ) room 302 ? one of the waiter who escort the hotel guest to the hunt answer she . warden waiter he never return . either he be lose in the wood , be capture or ... he escape . maid if he do not show up by noon tomorrow , arrange for room 302 to be clean and prepare . warden waiter alright . ext . breakfast room - morning David sit alone at a table . he drink milk . behind he the Hotel manager , a waiter and the maid be speak with lisp man . we can not see he . we can only hear he . HOTEL manager be you the man in room 186 ? lisping man I be , yes . HOTEL manager I imagine you know that masturbation be not permit in the room or in any other area of the hotel . lisping man yes . HOTEL manager and yet it have be bring to my attention that you continue to do it . [ to the maid ] have he ejaculate when you find he ? maid we do not know . there be water everywhere in the bathroom because he have just have a shower , so we could not tell . 34 22 . HOTEL manager be you look at a photograph while you be masturbate ? lisping man yes . HOTEL manager what do the photograph show ? lisping man a naked woman on a horse in the country . HOTEL manager do you have it with you ? lisping man no . it 's in my room . HOTEL manager if I be in you shoe I would not be ogling the naked woman but the horse . I be sure that horse use to be a weak and cowardly man , just like you . lisp man do not reply . we then hear scream . lisping man I be sorry . I be sorry . David pour some more milk from the bottle into he glass . his eye do not move . he do not glance back . he look down at he hand . he stare at it , try to see if it 's tremble . he look up and then back down at he hand again . int . lecture hall - evening the maid and the 50 - Year - Old waiter stand in the middle of the stage . the hotel guest sit and watch . the Hotel manager talk to the audience with a microphone . besides she stand she partner , as usual . HOTEL manager good evening , everyone . with the help of this reenactment , we have like to show you what it 's like when someone life on they own and what it 's like when they live with someone else . one . man eat alone . the 50 - Year - Old waiter open a fold table on stage and place a plate on it . he pretend to eat and then suddenly choke , fall off he chair and pretend to die . 35 23 . he then get up and sit back down on he chair . this time the maid sit opposite he . HOTEL manager ( cont ’d ) two. man eat with woman . the 50 - Year - Old waiter again pretend to eat and choke but this time the maid get up , perform the heimlich manoeuver on he and he recover . they then hug . HOTEL manager ( cont ’d ) Three . woman walk alone . the maid walk across the stage . a waiter -extra stand in the middle of the stage , block she path , pull down he trousers and pretend to rape she . HOTEL manager ( cont ’d ) four. woman walk with man . the 50 - Year - Old waiter and the maid walk together across the stage and pass in front of the rapist waiter . nothing happen . the audience applaud . int . room 101 - midday David throw a ball for he dog to fetch . the dog look very happy . David do not praise the dog when it bring the ball back . the phone ring . david hello ? yes , send they up . thank you . David go to the bathroom and look at himself in the mirror . he wash he face and brushes he tooth in a rush . someone knock on the door . David open the door . a elderly couple stand outside . they be he parent . he be hugge first by he father , then by he mother . his mother then hug the dog . david 's mother easy now , darling . look at how he wag he tail when he look at he father . where 's you father ? go to you father . the dog do not move . his father go to he and stroke he . david 's mother ( cont 'd ) look at he . he 's wag he tail . that 's what dog do when they be happy . they sit on the edge of the bed . 24 . david 's father this be a very nice room . david it 's one of they superior room . it have a very nice view . go to the window and take a look . david 's father it 's really a very nice view . david mother , go and take a look too . david 's mother really very nice . david would you like something to drink ? I can call room service and order anything you like . david 's mother I would like a glass of sparkling water . david 's father the same for I . that 's a lovely idea . they sit back down . David call room service and order the water . david 's father ( cont 'd ) it 's tragic what 's happen to you but I think everything will be alright in the end . we be both very optimistic . you have another 26 day . that 's three week . what be I talk about , that 's more than three week . you should get a haircut as soon as you can . you be much more handsome with you hair short . you sister send she regards . she say she would visit you the first chance she get . she 's in Switzerland with Mark . they be have a wonderful time . skiing all day . Mark do not know how to ski but he 's do very well . he manage to ski down the whole piste all by himself on Monday . you mother tell they that they have to be careful though . skiing 's no laugh matter . you can easily get hurt . 36 37 25 . his parent drink the sparkling water they order , down in one go . they then get up and put on they coat . they say they goodby at the door . david 's father ( cont 'd ) we will come again soon . david 's mother we will come again soon . give this to you brother . it 's sirloin steak . david okay . David close the door and continue to play with the dog and the small ball . int . breakfast room - morning limp man and David sit alone but at adjacent table and eat they breakfast . limp man look a little sad . David try to cheer he up . david New guest arrive yesterday . limping man yes , I see that . david I think I see a woman with a limp . limping man it 's only a sprain ankle . she ’1ll be walk normally again in a few day . I ask she . david that 's a shame . limp man look back down at he plate and play with some butter and he knife . David try to find something to say but can not . they sit silently . the alarm bell go off . they all get up and leave the room . int . HOTEL coach - morning David sit in a seat and look out the window . female v.o . one day he sit next to the woman with the biscuit on the coach . he gaze out the window , not look at anything in particular , just try to avoid talk to she . 26 . biscuit woman sit beside he . biscuit woman how 's Bob ? david he 's fine . David try to be polite but the pretence be obvious . although she bore he , he feel sorry for she for some reason . biscuit woman I would give anything to go for a walk with you and Bob one afternoon . david the dog 's not allow out of the room , I be afraid . female v.o . there be some excuse that no - one can argue with , he think . some excuse be without doubt better than other . and that be a really good one . biscuit woman this biscuit be for Bob . I want you to give they to he whenever you want to reward he for something and tell he they be from I . david thank you . he look out the window again . she do not give up though . biscuit woman can I come to you room sometime for a chat ? I could give you a blow job or you could fuck I . I always swallow after fellatio and I have absolutely no problem with anal sex , if that 's you thing . my ex - husband always use to say I have the most beautiful thigh he have ever see in he life but let 's not talk about he . I be in room 180 . my telephone extension number be 180 . I hope I catch some loner today because I do not catch any the last few time . I hope you catch lot too . david thank you very much . 38 39 27 . biscuit woman if I do not find a suitable partner soon I be go to kill myself by jump from one of the room balcony . I want you to know that . my room be on the first floor . room number that start with a '' 1 '' be on the first floor , that start with a '' 2 '' be on the second floor and so on . so 140 be on the first floor and 308 be on the third floor and 190 be also on the first floor . so I will have to jump from some room that 's high up . 380 , for example , or 420 , that would be even better . female v.o . when she stop talk , he stare at she blankly , not know what to say . he then open the window , look out at the wood and think once more about how good he excuse have be . ext . the wood - midday lisp man walk carefully through the wood . in the background we see a few hotel resident fire they tranquilliser gun and some loner run away . the animal in the wood do not react , as if they be use to the procedure , as if it be something that happen often and be not terribly interesting . on the other hand , something really exciting happen to lisp man . he notice a young loner woman hide behind a tree . he stealthily approach she and the woman , realise there 's no escape , start plead with he to let she go . the young woman have a lisp . lisp man notice it as soon as she start speak . his eye sparkle . lisping young woman please do not shoot I . i’1l give you this rabbit . it will make a great supper . lisp man shoot she . he smile and lean over she unconscious body , push she hair away from she face so that he can take a better look at she . int . coach - midday David and lisp man sit together . we hear the cry of a hotel guest injure during the hunt throughout they conversation . david if you two be so well suite , I be sure they 's 1l make a exception . 40 28 . lisping man I hope so . it 's not just that she can not pronounce she sos , she 's also blonde . her hair be the exact same colour as mine . we have make a perfect couple . david if you be so well suite , I be sure they 's 11l make a exception . int . indoor shoot range - morning Hotel guest be shoot at target , so the room be really noisy . David , limp man and lisp man sit on a bench wait they turn to shoot at a training target with a gun . lisp man look excited . limp man do not look at lisp man , but be listen to what he say . David seem more involved in the conversation . lisping man I speak with the Hotel manager and she say that no one should get involved with a loner . she say it 's dangerous and suggest that if I really love she that much , the right thing to do be to keep she in my room as a pet . she suggest I turn she into a parrot and I agree . the only problem be I can not open the window in my room anymore , or when I open they I can only open they a little . yesterday she fly around the room and around the ceiling light and hit against the wall and window , and when I turn the light off she keep on fly for a little bit and then stop . I guess she fall asleep . have you think what animal you want to be if you do not make it ? david a lobster . lisp man take a plastic bag out of he jacket pocket . Inside be various coloured feather he have pluck from the bird . his eye be full of joy as he open the bag and show the feather to David and limp man . lisping man it 's such a beautiful parrot . it have green , blue , yellow and red feather . take a look . 4l 29 . limp man stand up and do not even bother to look at the content of the bag . he put he hand into he trouser pocket and he face turn very serious . lisping man ( cont 'd ) if I do not make it , I be go to become a parrot . we 'il live together . that 's for sure . why do not you become parrot too ? then we will all be together . limping man you be a complete idiot , pick one of the few animal that can talk when you have a speech impediment . you will lisp , even as a animal . [ to David ] as for you , they 's 11l catch you and throw you into a pot of boil water until you die and then they 's 1ll crack open you claw with a tool like plier and they will suck out what little flesh you have with they mouth . you be pathetic , both of you . I be not go to be turn into some animal . i’11 come visit you though with my partner when we be walk together in some park or when we be swim in the sea or when we be on one of we trip . lisp man punch he in the stomach . limp man have he hand into he pocket , and so do not have time to react . David separate they . the waiter do not interfere , they just watch the fight . as soon as David manage to calm they down , it 's he turn to take a shot at the range . trainer waiter room 101 , please . David go and stand beside the waiter . the waiter hand he the gun . trainer waiter ( cont 'd ) it 's no coincidence that the target be always shape like a single person and not a couple . kill the loner . shoot he through the heart . int . room 101 - morning there 's a knock on the door and the maid enter . she make the bed . David watch she every move . he seem on edge . he keep out of she way while she do what she have to do . 30 . maid how many dart do you use yesterday ? david twelve . the maid leave twelve tranquilliser dart on the bedside table . she note something down in a folder . maid please take off you trousers and sit on the bed . david can we not do this today ? it 's awful . maid I know . but I be afraid we have to do it . and you have no idea how much it help you psychologically in you search for a partner . David take off he trousers and sit on the edge of the bed . the maid sit in he lap and jiggle about . she reach down to grab he cock every so often . David look like he be enjoy it against he will . he close he eye and lay back . suddenly she get up . maid ( cont 'd ) today you become erect quick than on other day . that 's good . have a nice day . david please , just a little bit longer . the maid take she trolley and leave . David get up and run after the may . he 's pathetic and desperate . david ( cont 'd ) that 's awful . just awful . 42 int . HOTEL pool - morning nosebleed woman be swim . limp man limp up to the pool 's edge and dive into the water . he swim up to she . David lie on a lounger by the pool and watch they chat . limping man hello . nosebleed woman hello . 43 31 . limping man do you like to swim breast stroke , front crawl , butterfly or back stroke ? nosebleed woman I like all the stroke equally . I perhaps like back stroke a little less because I can not see where I be go . I be always afraid I be go to hit a rock or bump into someone . limping man you be absolutely right . you know , I love breast stroke . no , really , my friend often tease I and say , '' stop swim breast stroke all the time ! '' and then they laugh . nosebleed woman breast stroke be great . excellent exercise for the back . nosebleed woman turn she head away to the leave . when limp man be certain she can not see he , he purposely knock he head on the side of the pool and he nose start to bleed . he act as if nothing have happen . limping man when swim breast stroke , man should not wear swim short as it really limit movement in the buttock . but you know that , do not you ? he show she he breast stroke kick . nosebleed woman I think you nose be bleed . limping man really ? oh no , not again . this happen to I all the time . it 's very , very annoying . nosebleed woman I know . I have a nosebleed problem too . int . room 101 - evening David be sleep . the dog be sleep too . there 's a knock at the door . David get up and answer it . limp man stand outside . david what 's the matter ? 44 32 . limping man I want to talk to you . david have a seat . limping man I come to say goodbye . david I see what you do . it must have hurt . the man bang he nose against the wall and it bleed . limping man I be go to ask you a question and I want you to answer I honestly . what 's worse , to die of cold and hunger in the wood , to become a animal that will be kill and eat by some bigger animal , or to have a nosebleed from time to time ? david to become a animal that will be kill and eat by some bigger animal . limping man exactly . david she do not suspect that you be lie ? limping man no . limp man hug David . he stain he shirt with blood . limping man ( cont ’d ) do not worry about you shirt . rub it with salt or scrub it with ammonia and it 'il come out right away but whatever you do , do not use hot water . goodnight . int . HOTEL reception - night all the resident be dress up - black tie and gowns . this be obviously a special occasion . the Hotel manager be present the new couple : limp man and nosebleed woman . they be now formally together , a confirm couple . 33 . they life together will begin with everyone 's bless . it 's like a instant wedding , a non-ritual ceremony . HOTEL manager I be very happy because we have a new couple . they meet just two day ago but they be very much in love and perfectly suite . they both have the same problem with they nose . they bleed quite suddenly . the rest of the hotel guest clap . nosebleed woman 's best friend cry . she realise she be lose she best friend forever and feel abandon . David hesitates at first , but after a while he clap too . but he do not smile , and seem worried . a waiter hold a velvet cushion with tassel , with a room key on it . the Hotel manager hand the couple the room key . HOTEL manager ( cont ’d ) tomorrow they will be transfer to a double room with a larger wardrobe and a larger bathroom . they will be allow to use the group sport facility and to eat together in the restaurant . they will stay in a double room for two week and then they final test await . the pier . the rest of the guest clap once more . limp man take the microphone . he speak loudly , with excitement and joy . limping man I be very happy . nosebleed woman I too . HOTEL manager what be you thought on paedophilia ? limping man I be against it . nosebleed woman I be against it . HOTEL manager good . do either of you have a serious illness that could prove fatal within the next five year ? limping man no. 45 34 . nosebleed woman no . HOTEL manager very good . the course of you relationship will be monitor closely by we staff and by I personally . if we notice any problem , any fight or tension between you which you can not resolve yourselves for whatever reason , you will be assign child . that usually help . a lot . the couple leave the room , wave the audience goodbye . ext . HOTEL entrance - afternoon David , nosebleed woman , she best friend and limp man be look at some child lock behind some railing in a large enclosure . they all wear identical clothes , tracksuit . most of they be play . one of the child come up to they . child hello . my parent split up two year ago . they be both animal now . I be ten year old . I be very good at algebra and even better at geometry . if you choose I , I be 100 % sure you will not be disappointed . I be seriously think of go to study at the university . come closer . limp man go closer . the child stroke limp man 's cheek and hair . child ( cont 'd ) I love you so much , daddy . do not be sad , daddy , everything will be fine , you will see . I love you so much . you be so strong , stronger than any of my classmate 's dad . here you be , daddy , here 's that cold beer you ask for . David , nosebleed woman , she best friend and limp man leave . the child can be hear from afar . child ( cont 'd ) look , daddy , I can ride my bike with no hand . if you do not pick I I hope you die alone and that they find you body day after you die . 46 47 35 . david I be sure you will not need a child . you will get on just fine . int . HOTEL corridor - afternoon nosebleed woman 's best friend and David be walk back to they room , side by side . David look at she , notice she figure , the way she walk , she hand , she necklace , she hair . David 's voice grow softer . his tone change . david you have really nice hair . nosebleed woman 's best friend I know . look . nosebleed woman 's best friend flick she head to show David how smoothly she hair move . david how do you like mine ? nosebleed woman 's best friend well , I think you have quite dry hair . it 's also quite obvious you will be bald in a few year . david there be way that you can get you hair back . you can get hair transplant nowadays . nosebleed woman 's best friend they be rarely successful . you can always tell when someone have have a hair transplant . Nice hair be not something you can get , it 's something you be bear with . and something that need lifelong care . her strictness on the hair issue end they conversation and David can not muster the courage to have another try . disappointed , he now walk behind she and not next to she . int . HOTEL bar - morning the Hotel manager , nosebleed woman and she best friend sit at a table . the best friend be cry . nosebleed woman be not . HOTEL manager today be you last day . as be customary , you can choose how you would like to spend you last night . ( more ) 36 . HOTEL manager ( cont 'd ) what I always say in this situation be that it would be wise to choose something you cannot do as a animal , like read a work of classic literature or sing a song you really like . it would be silly if you choose , for example , a walk in the grounds or to have sexual intercourse with someone because this be thing you can also do as a animal . but first , you best friend would like to read something she write for you that be really very touch . nosebleed woman unfold a sheet of paper . nosebleed woman we always sit together at school and whenever I have a problem I talk to you about it because you always give the best advice . when we do not manage to find dance partner at the school prom , the fact that we be together at that difficult moment give I strength . I be sorry thing have come to this . I be sure that if you have a few more day you would find someone , just like I do , because you be a admirable person and you have very beautiful hair and very nice breast . I be always jealous of you hair , you know that . you be , be , and always will be my best friend and I nil think of you often and I nil always wear that silver earring you give I for my birthday . i’1l miss you and however many new girlfriend I make in a few day when I move back into town , I do not think I will find another as true or as beautiful as you . nosebleed woman 's best friend get up and slap she . the Hotel manager separate they . nosebleed woman 's nose be bleed from the blow . nosebleed woman 's best friend I would like to watch the film '' stand by I '' with River Phoenix , kiefer sutherland and Richard dreyfuss . alone . 48 49 50 37 . int . room 101 - day David look out of he room window . the maid hold a pony by its rein . she open the gate to the hotel grounds and set the pony free . nosebleed woman and limp man hug in the hotel entrance and wave goodbye to the pony . the pony do not run off . it just stand there , swish its beautiful tail . the room phone ring . the display read 180 . he do not pick up . answering machine room 101 . please leave a message after the tone . ext . basketball court - day David hold a bag of golf club and watch a couple play basketball one on one in the court from behind the wire fence . they be have fun , they yell and kiss . David be fixate by they . female v.o . when I be at the hotel , I never much leave my room . hardly ever . I go there around four year ago . from the very first day I know there be no one there who interested I . I use to listen to a lot of french music back then , and no one else listen to french music there . I stay for 19 day . I let a waiter fuck I in order to help I escape . after he have fuck I he say that he would not let I go and that I have better just go back to my room and quick . I kill he and leave . I also kill a resident who try to stop I leave because he say he like I . ext . HOTEL ground - day David head back towards he room carry golf equipment . he see a crowd of people . biscuit woman lie on the ground , cover in blood . she be not dead and be scream in pain . David run towards the crowd . he see the injure woman lie on the ground and shut he eye . he turn away as he can not stand to see she suffer . he spot heartless woman and instantly change he facial expression . he try hard to look calm and indifferent . david what happen ? 51 52 38 . heartless woman she jump from the balcony of room 180 . david I hope she die right away . on second think , I hope she suffer quite a bit before she die . I just hope she pathetic scream can not be hear from my room because I be think about have a lie down and I need peace and quiet . I be play golf and I be quite tired and the last thing I need be a woman die slowly and loudly . heartless woman I can not hear you with all this scream . we will talk some other time when it 's quieter . bye . heartless woman leave . David turn and watch she leave . two waiter arrive with a stretcher . int . room 101 - afternoon David play the message biscuit woman leave on he answer machine before she commit suicide . the incident have obviously upset he . there 's a hint of regret in he face . the dog stand beside he , as if listen to the message too . biscuit woman ( message on answering machine ) hello . you be probably in the bathroom , that 's why you can not hear the phone ring . there 's nothing better than a cold shower in the morning . ( pause ) I nil call again a little later when you have finish you shower so we can chat . he push play to hear it again . the dog wander off . int . ballroom - evening heartless woman sit alone at a table . David go up to she . he now seem confident . david May I join you ? heartless woman look at he and do not answer right away . 53 39 . heartless woman I do not care . sit if you like . heartless woman look at he . they do not talk , they just watch the other couple dance on the dance floor . he take he jacket off and stir the ice cube in he glass with he index finger . she take a cherry from a bowl and pop it in she mouth . she choke . her face turn red . she slump over the table and she body jolt about in the chair . David do not react . after a while she stop she charade . heartless woman ( cont ’d ) I think we be a match . david yes , I think so too . would you like for we to live as a couple from now on ? heartless woman yes . we 'il inform the reception desk in the morning . david great . int . double room 202 - evening David , heartless woman and the dog enter the room . this room be not much bigger than the old one but there be a double bed and two bathrobe in the closet . heartless woman give the dog a plate with water . the dog lap up the water . David look happy . he check the bed and the sheet , he take he clothes off and sit on the chair . david do you normally sleep on the leave or the right side of the bed ? heartless woman the leave . you ? david the right . perfect . they sit down on they respective side of the bed . David take off he trousers . heartless woman sit on he lap and jiggle about , just like the maid use to do . she reach down to grab he cock every so often . eventually they fuck . David be behind she . during intercourse he whisper '' mmm '' and heartless woman stop and turn to look at he . heartless woman what be that sound ? do you say something ? 54 40 . david no. heartless woman do you mind if we fuck in a position where I can see you face ? david sure . heartless woman turn the light on please , so I can see you better . David turn the light on and they carry on have sex , during which he try desperately not to grimace or show sign of overexcitement . she look he straight in the eye to see if he make any facial expression . during he orgasm , David try hard to remain cold . this be the most difficult part of the process . his face be sweaty , he eye wide open . heartless woman , on the other hand , be naturally expressionless . as soon as they be do , they get dress . david should I turn off the light or would you like to read ? heartless woman I would like to read . do the light bother you ? david no . I be not bother by light or noise . I be a deep sleeper . heartless woman read . David get under the cover and turn he back to she . he then turn again and he put he arm around she waist . he close he eye and sleep . heartless woman eye he suspiciously . ext . HOTEL garden - morning David , heartless woman and the dog be out for a walk . the couple walk hand in hand . they meet limp man , who be out walk with nosebleed woman and a little girl . limping man good morning . david good morning . limping man congratulation . david thank you . 41 . limping man this be we daughter . her name be Elizabeth . Elizabeth , give the nice man a kiss . he 's a friend of mine . the girl go up to David . he do not bend down to be kiss . david the last thing I want right now be a kiss from a silly little girl . they stand there a little , motionless and then David kick the child on she shin . she burst into tear and nosebleed woman take she into she arm . david ( cont 'd ) do not cry , Elizabeth . you should thank I , now you will have a limp and be more like you father . David and heartless woman leave with the dog . heartless woman you should have punch she in the face too and bloody she nose and then say , '' do not cry , Elizabeth . you should thank I , now you nose be bloody and you will be even more like you father . '' david you be right . why do not I think of that . 55 int . double room 202 - day David wake up . heartless woman stand over he in a quite a threaten way . heartless woman good morning . david good morning . heartless woman I kill you brother . I leave he to die very slowly . he may not be dead yet , even as we speak . I be kick he for age . she show he she leg . her shoe be cover in blood . David try very hard not to show he true feeling - he 's devastate but pretend that he 's indifferent to what 's happen . 42 . david it do not matter . heartless woman he whine a little . a strange kind of bark . something like this . woof ow - woof . it must have be from the pain . you do not hear anything ? david no. heartless woman you really be a deep sleeper . would you like some coffee ? david I have love some . David go to the bathroom . heartless woman right . I can not wait to hear the story you promise to tell I last night , about that student of yours at the university and he awful final project . david it 's really a very funny story . his name be ryess . r-y-e-s -s. ryess . David splashes water on he face and then finally burst into tear . heartless woman enter the bathroom and slap he . david ( cont 'd ) this be not tear . it 's just water . heartless woman I know you be lie . I can not understand why you do it when you know as well as anyone that a relationship can not be build on a lie . we be go to the Hotel manager right now and you will get the punishment you deserve . david what 's the punishment for this ? heartless woman they turn you into the animal no one want to be . you know which one . david yes . I know . 56 57 58 59 43 . int . HOTEL corridor - evening David and heartless woman be walk around to find the Hotel manager . she hold he by the hair . the pain be visible on he face . David suddenly kick she in the stomach and get away . he take the lift . she run up the stair . int . HOTEL first -floor corridor - evening heartless woman reach the first - floor corridor and try each door one by one . she see a door slightly ajar . she push it open and enter . she see a woman give a waiter a blow job . a second waiter , the 30 - year- old waiter , be fuck she while a third , the 50 - year- old waiter , sit watch in a chair and wank off . int . HOTEL stair - evening heartless woman exit the room , walk down the corridor and go up to the second floor . she be absolutely cool , she do not look angry or nervous , just determine . int . HOTEL second -floor corridor - evening heartless woman see the maid in the middle of the corridor hold a tray with a glass of campari and soda . maid I see a man run back that way . he look frantic . as soon as heartless woman turn back , David emerge from one of the room with a tranquilliser gun and shoot she . the maid leave the glass of campari next to campari man , who be also unconscious inside the room , and then help David lift heartless woman . female v.o . at first he want to kill she in some horrible and painful way , like the death she have inflicted on he brother . he think about kick she in the stomach over and over again and then stabbing she in the same spot , in the stomach . but then he think that there would not be much point because she be already unconscious and so she would not feel any pain from the kick or the knife . David carefully carry heartless woman through the hotel with the help of the maid . they meet no one in the corridor . he take she to the room where they transform people into animal . the maid unlock the door . 60 61 62 63 44 , int . animal transformation room - evening the maid ask David to shoot she with the tranquilliser gun too , so that no one will suspect she of help he . he shoot she and she fall down unconscious . David shut the door behind he . female v.o . and so he decide to turn she into a animal . a hotel may help he and he never understand why she do it . I ask he many time what sort of animal he turn she into , but he always give the same answer . '' that 's none of you concern '' . that night he leave the hotel , once and for all . int . room 101 - evening the Hotel manager run to the couple 's room with two waiter . she see the dead dog . she signal to the waiter to set off the alarm . '' you give Love a bad name '' by bon jovi play loudly throughout the building . female v.o . he begin to run without know where he be head but he be head towards we . this be the start of he new life and back then , he do not know how much it hurt to be alone , how much it hurt when you cannot reach to rub tiger balm on you upper back and you be constantly in pain . int . HOTEL corridor - evening David cautiously disappear down the end of the corridor . III . the wood near the HOTEL ext . the wood - morning David walk very quickly , almost at a jog , as if he be too tired to run but too scared to walk . he stop beside a river . he wash he face and drink some water . he steam up he glass with he breath and rub they clean with he t-shirt . he continue to walk quickly . he get tired . the wood be quiet and the only thing you can hear be the bird and the sound of water . everything be still and there be no animal around that he can actually see . he lie down on the ground but do not close he eye . 64 65 45 . he just rest but it 's obvious that he be not relaxed at all . he use to visit this wood as a hunter but now he be the prey . ext . the wood - morning David wash he hair in the river with little bottle of shampoo he steal from the hotel . suddenly , he hear a noise . a loner man be swim . David go towards he . david hello . loner swimmer do not shoot . I can tell you where the other be hide . what would you prefer , one extra day or a whole extra week , maybe even two week ? david I be alone . I just escape from the hotel . loner swimmer do you time run out or do you lie and get catch ? david my time run out . loner swimmer okay . I get away about a year ago . do not worry . there 's nothing to be afraid of now . so long as they do not catch you . ext . the wood - evening loner swimmer take David to the loner leader , a woman of around 30 . she and the rest of the loner wear the same waterproof cape and carry backpack with they personal belonging . David seem a little bit lose as he try to adapt to the current situation which he be not prepare for . he look around amaze at all this loner who form this autonomous community in the forest . loner swimmer I find he out in the wood . he escape from the hotel . he do not lie , he time run out . loner leader be you a doctor , by any chance ? 46 . david no. loner leader that 's a pity , we need a doctor . we have one but they catch he a couple of month ago . david I be a architect . loner leader that 's okay . be you on any medication this day we should know of ? david well , not really . I have pain in my upper back and I often put some heat rub cream on it , but that 's all . nothing important , really . loner leader alright . so , welcome . you can stay with we for as long as you like . you can be a loner until the day you die , there 's no time limit . david thank you very much . David smile . loner leader give he a awkward hug . loner leader by the way , any romantic or sexual relation between loner be not permit and any such act be punish . be that clear ? david can I have a conversation with someone ? loner leader of course you can , so long as there be no touch or flirt or anything like that . that apply at dance night too . we all dance by ourselves , that 's why we only play electronic music . we have dance night every now and then . david that 's nice . 66 67 68 47 . ext . the wood - morning loner swimmer , aid by a bandaged loner with bloody bandage over he mouth , give David a waterproof cape , a portable CD player , a pocket - size game of solitaire , the book '' of mice and Men '' by John steinbeck and a knife . David realize that he 's go to be a proper member of this group . as this change be take place David act in a mechanical way , without really think where all this will lead he . he look at bandage loner . there 's fresh blood on he bandage . david what 's wrong with you mouth ? loner swimmer he can not talk . he be give the Red kiss . david what 's the Red kiss ? loner swimmer we slashed he lip with a razor and the lip of another loner and we force they to kiss each other . that be a few day ago now but the cut be deep and they be still in pain . they be flirt , you know . check if the portable CD player work properly otherwise I 'il have to find you some new battery . Davis press play on the CD player . Music play . he push the stop button . david it work just fine . ext . the wood - morning David take off he t-shirt and rub Tiger balm cream onto he upper back , as far as he can reach . he can not reach most of he upper back properly . ext . the wood - morning loner leader watch a pig eat some weed . she creep up without make a sound and slip a lead around its neck . they start walk in the wood . wherever the animal stop , the leader dig into the ground with she hand as if look for something . she then get up , wipe the soil off she hand and continue walk the pig . 69 48. ext . the wood - morning the loner stand in row and exercise . loner leader check they technique , correct they whenever necessary , and yell at the lazy one . female v.o . that be the first time I see he . he be exercise three row behind I but because I be shortsight , I could not see he clearly . in any case , he seem quite presentable . we see a woman , whom we will soon get to know as shortsighted woman , exercise and look at David . David do what the other do , a little confuse but determine at the same time . female v.o. ( cont 'd ) the next day , in town , I find out that he be shortsight too , just like I and I know for sure that he like I . that night , in my sleep , I dreamt that we live in a big house together in the town with a large , well - light kitchen and I be wear dark blue trousers and a tight cream blouse and he take my clothes off and fuck I up the arse and as he be fuck I a thug come into the kitchen and take the steak knife from the second drawer and attack we , stabbing the knife into we belly one by one . I wake up terrify . the loner then form a line and start jogging through the wood . a loner get catch in a foothold trap . he scream . the other stop but do not help he . they talk amongst themselves and give he advice on how to free himself . David watch . shortsight woman stand behind he . loner leader try harder . pull the trap open with you hand . positive think be everything at time like this . do not give up . you know , you should have be more careful . try harder . or they will find you and you will be turn into a animal . a weak one . the other loner laugh . loner leader ( cont ’d ) we must get a move on now . it 's really too dangerous to stay here . the hotel guest could be here any minute . ( more ) 70 49 . loner leader ( cont ’d ) if you manage to free yourself , run as fast as you can and come find we . if you manage to free yourself but think that you 'il die from the bleed , go straight to you grave . have you dig you own grave ? trapped loner yes . loner leader very good . that 's enough for now . let 's split up and spread out . we will rendezvous tonight at meeting point four . ext . the wood - morning David hide and hear the sound of people run and gun fire . he try to cover himself with leave , move slowly and quietly , and smear mud on he face . silly little thing out of inexperience and despair . despite he effort , he be quickly discover by lisp man , who take aim at David with he tranquilliser gun . David put he hand up . lisping man what you do to that woman be dreadful . I can not understand why you would turn she into a dog and then kick she to death . david she kill my brother . I would have do the same thing if she have kill you . you be like a brother to I . you be my best friend in the whole world . lisping man I do not believe I be you best friend in the whole world . you use to spend a lot more time with the man with the limp . david that do not matter . we do not speak much but we both know that in a pinch we would be at each other 's side . do the man with the limp make it ? David be not very convincing . but lisp man mellow . lisping man they be get ready for the pier . it all begin next week . ( more ) 50 . lisping man ( cont 'd ) everyone say they be go to make it as they be very well suite and the child will help they get past the fight . what time do you get up in the morning ? david whenever we like . and we eat whatever we like . lisping man you be not think of come back ? you know , if you tell the Hotel manager about you brother she have probably forgive you . david no . it 's really nice be on you own . there 's no one tie you down . you listen to music whenever you like , go for walk whenever you like , have a chat whenever you like . I do not miss companionship at all . I only miss you because you be my one true friend . be you go to shoot I ? lisping man I be afraid I have to . I only have two day leave . David become aggressive all of a sudden . david what do you say ? I can not understand you , the way you speak . lisping man I be go to shoot you . I only have two day leave and I need more time . david you really believe another day will make a difference ? have you see how ugly you be ? you have not get a chance . if I be a woman , I would ... lisp man prepare to shoot he . shortsight woman jump out from behind a bush and stab a knife into lisp man 's leg , then David grab lisp man 's tranquilliser gun and shoot he . david ( cont 'd ) thank you . 71 72 51 . shortsighted woman do not tell anyone I help you . if you want to repay I , there be a way . if you kill a rabbit , bring it to I to eat . do you promise ? david yes . shortsighted woman bye . shortsight woman leave . David stand still and watch she walk off through the tree until she disappear . as soon as he realize what have just happen he search through the still - unconscious lisp man 's pocket . he find some bird feather , which he throw away . he strip off lisp man 's clothes and take they with he , along with he gun and shoe . ext . a clearing in the wood - morning the waiter - driver and the maid , who join he for the journey , sit outside the coach . the maid be the one who help David escape . she pick up a bag and sling it over she back . maid I be go to go hunt for truffle . they be delicious and quite rare . a kilo can fetch up to 2,000 pound . driver waiter you be go to need a pig . they be impossible to find , otherwise . maid I know . driver waiter do not be long . we have to take they back in 50 minute . maid okay . ext . the wood - morning the maid walk and stop under a tree . she look leave and right , as if she 's wait for someone . she then look at she watch . loner leader appear . she kiss the maid 's hand . maid good morning . 73 52 . loner leader Morning . do you bring the stuff I ask for ? maid the gun be in the bag , as be the key to the small door . the number of the double room be in this blue folder . try not to lose the key , I have to put it back where I find it . I suggest Saturday because after the dance everyone be quite tired and many of the staff be off work on weekend . loner leader what about the shampoo ? maid I forget it . i’1l bring you two bottle next time . loner leader you be terrific , you know that ? maid I do not know how much longer I can take live in that horrible house with that fat dentist . he 's always ask whether I have flossed and force I to brush my tooth after every meal , however small . the other day he kiss I on the cheek . when all this be over I be go to kill he in he dentist 's chair . I be go to shove the drill into he belly . the maid sit on a rock and cover she face with she hand . it look like she 's cry , but she 's not . loner leader it will all be over soon . be patient and do not forget to take you birth - control pill . I will say it again , it 's terrific what you be do . loner leader hug the maid . ext . the wood - evening loner sit around the wood and rest after the hunt . loner swimmer eat fruit , shortsight woman listen to music on she headphone , bandage loner read a book . beside he sit a female loner who also have bandage on she mouth - she 's probably the other loner punish with the Red kiss torture . David sit next to loner leader . 74 75 53. she rub a hydrate cream onto she hand and face . she offer some to David but he decline with a shake of he head . loner leader tomorrow we be go into town . we be go to buy some new book as some people have be complain that they have read the same book two or three time over . also , someone lose the second volume of '' crime and punishment '' during a chase and lot of people have read the first part and be wait to see what happen next . you can come , if you like . david I 'il come . loner leader excellent . then you should clean up . we must look like very decent , presentable couple tomorrow . make sure you cut you nail and comb you hair . david should I put some aftershave on ? loner leader no , that will not be necessary . ext . the wood , tree hollow - evening loner leader pull a plastic bag out of a tree take some '' civilian '' clothes from inside . she suit . loner leader hope it fit . david thank you . the suit actually fit . ext . the town - morning hollow and hand David a a typical urban environment . couple , car , bus , kid , shop . David have he arm around shortsight woman and loner leader have she arm around loner swimmer . they be dress like office worker . they walk through the town and enter a shopping centre . they seem happy . they stare at the shop window , then browse random thing like nail polish , paint brushes , cotton sheet and wooden frame . 76 77 54 . int . shop - morning they buy knife , a pair of trainer , bandage , a wrist watch and small individual carton of orange juice . ext . shop - morning David wait for the other . next to he be three police officer and a woman on she knee . the head officer talk into a mobile cb Radio . the other be check the woman 's nail and ask she to show he the sole of she shoe . police officer woman . blonde . approximately 30 - 35 year old . certificate expire two month ago . woman arrested my husband be a lawyer . you be all go to be sue . the police officer with the cb look to the officer who be be check the woman and give he a nod . police officer no dirt under she nail or mud on she shoe . 9 belsize Road . one of the police officer approach David . police officer 2 good morning , sir . david good morning , officer . David try to remain calm . shortsight woman come out of the store and hug David . shortsighted woman I be sorry , darling . they have such a huge variety of knife . I buy this one , it 's ideal for meat . david that 's wonderful , dear . Excuse I a moment . how can I help you , officer ? shortsight woman kiss he on the cheek . police officer 2 do you know this woman , by any chance ? 78 79 55 . david actually I have never see she before . police officer 2 thank you , sir . you have a nice day . david you be welcome , officer . the officer leave . shortsight woman hug David again with the knife in she hand . ext . the town - morning out on the street again . David hold shortsight woman 's hand . they do not look at each other , but if anyone take a look at they they have swear they be a real couple . david if I be walk too slowly just say and I ’1ll up my pace . shortsighted woman this pace be fine . maybe do not squeeze my hand so tight , my palm 's get a little sweaty . david better ? shortsighted woman yes , much better . david be you plan on buy anything for yourself in town ? shortsighted woman yes , contact lens solution and a parker rollerball . david I do not know you be shortsight . I be shortsight too . they stop talk knowingly , as if there 's nothing more to be say . ext . house - day the four loner stand outside the front door of a house . loner leader ring the doorbell . a elderly gentleman open the door . 80 56 . loner leader dad ? the gentleman hug she . ext . house garden - day loner leader talk to a dog near a kennel , but we can not hear what 's be say . the rest sit around a large table and drink orange squash . the couple be very tender with each other . David check on loner leader from time to time . we do not know what connect she to the animal ; if it be she brother , sister , uncle or just some normal dog . she come back to the table and sit down . loner leader' father will you stay a few day ? loner leader I be afraid not , dad . we be head back again today . tomorrow I be go away on a business trip . you know how demand my job be , do not ask if I can stay a few day every time I come . loner leader' father do you all work for the same company ? david yes . loner leader' father my daughter tell I it 's a very fine company . do you agree ? David struggle to keep thing vague but consistent . david it 's a rather good company , yes . one of the best , I have say . the only problem with the job be that I do not have enough time for my wife and kid . we have four beautiful , healthy child . loner leader' father congratulation . david but even if we have never have child , I have never dream of leave my wife . ( more ) 81 82 57 . david ( cont 'd ) even if it be just the two of we , on we own , we have go on trip , we would go to portofino in Italy or toa Greek island for the summer and so we relationship would be as intense as it be at the start . I love she so much I could die for she . that 's how much I love she . he take shortsight woman 's hand and kiss she on the lip in front of everyone for quite some time . ext . town STREET - day the two suppose couple walk down the street . David and shortsight woman walk in perfect sync . loner leader well do . for you first day in town , you do great . that bit about holiday destination in the Mediterranean be brilliant . david thank you very much . they feel proud . shortsight woman tighten she grip on David 's hand . ext . the wood - morning David prepare to hunt rabbit . he set up rabbit trap use three wooden stick and a big stone . he join the stick together to form the shape of a 4 and then place the stone on the biggest stick . when the rabbit try to take the bait under the rock , the trigger stick move and the stone fall on the animal . female v.o . you carefully flay the rabbit with a sharp knife and cut off its head . you then slice open its belly and stuff it with well - wash red and green pepper , not too spicy , and a little garlic and mint . we see that David have catch three rabbit . his hand be cover in blood from the slaughter animal . he put the dead rabbit in a large sack , drip with blood . 83 84 58. female v.o. ( cont 'd ) you then soak it in lemon juice and leave it a while to marinate the flesh , skewer it on a stick and roast it over the fire for about a hour . that 's my favourite food , rabbit . he leave two of the rabbit beside the sleep shortsight woman . ext . the wood - morning David sleep . his digital wristwatch alarm beep and wake he up . he turn off the alarm , get up and go to the river 's edge to wash he face . as he pull up he shirt sleeve , he see a phrase write on he hand in biro : '' River bank , beside the tree , 11 a.m . '' he rub the note off with water , look round to see if anyone be watch . ext . the wood - morning David and shortsight woman sit side by side . in front of they sprawl a seal . it 's the first time they be alone together , so they be both a bit tense . at first they avoid make eye contact and talk with long pause . he be more shy than she be . david when do you become shortsight ? shortsighted woman when I be 16 . you ? david when I be 12 . shortsighted woman what make be you first pair of glass ? david I do not remember . shortsighted woman do you have astigmatism too ? david yes . shortsighted woman would you like I to rub some balm on you back , on the bit you can not reach on you own ? 85 86 87 59 . david I would like that . shortsight woman take the jar of Tiger balm from he bag and rub it onto he back . ext . the wood - evening loner leader give the other loner clothes like the one wear by the hotel guest and a few pistol . she open the blue folder the maid give she . the loner pay close attention . they be silent and highly discipline . loner leader good evening everyone and good luck . I hope you can read my handwrite without any trouble . the room number be as follow . room 206 , couple with nice voice . room 240 , couple who both love to ski . room 282 , couple who both study , I be sorry , I can not quite make it out , couple who both study .. I think it 's social science . pier , couple prone to nosebleed . David wait in line . he also take a set of clothes . ext . the wood - evening the loner walk through the wood with flashlight . they do not talk , or if they do they whisper . first in line be loner leader . shortsight woman follow . David be last in line . he look slightly worried . ext . HOTEL - evening the loner open a small gate use the key the may give they and enter the hotel garden . they check to see if there be any waiter guard around and hide behind some bush . David go up to loner leader . loner leader you and you take 206 , you and you take 240 , you , you and you take 282 , you take the pier . David jump in . david can I go to the pier ? 88 60 . loner leader okay then , you go to the pier and you go to 282 . we have half a hour . the loner split up and head off in different direction . int . room 206 - evening loner leader , loner swimmer and shortsight woman stand over a couple naked in bed . loner leader speak to the couple , aim she gun at they . she take a look at the note the maid give she . loner leader so , you both have nice voice , be that right ? man with a nice voice yes . loner leader do you prefer sing duet or when one of you sing the lead and the other do back vocal ? man with a nice voice duet , mostly . as the dialogue play out , shortsight woman pick up a pen , a notebook and two CD mark best love song ever : vol . III and slip they into she bag without anyone notice . loner leader address the man with a Nice Voice . loner leader you , if we kill this woman , do you think you will manage on you own or will you get involved with someone else ? man with a nice voice I do not know . loner leader do you think this woman can survive on she own , or not ? what 's you opinion ? man with a nice voice if you be go to kill someone , kill I . I love she more than anything in the world . if you be go to kill someone , kill I . I love she more than anything . loner leader now aim she gun at the woman with a Nice Voice . 89 90 61 . loner leader if we kill this man , do you think you will manage on you own or will you get involved with someone else ? woman with a nice voice no , I would not get involved with anyone else , I would live alone . without a shadow of a doubt . loner leader do you believe this man can make it on he own ? woman with a nice voice no . I can live alone , but he can not . I be on my own for hour while he 's at the pool or at the bar . I like sit in the room , it relax I , calm I , I like it a lot . I think you should kill he . I will not disappoint you . loner leader hand the woman with a Nice Voice the pistol . she 's startle at first . then she look at the man with a Nice Voice in the eye and mercilessly pull the trigger . the gun do not fire . it be not load . the three loner leave they alone together . ext . HOTEL ground - evening David walk quickly . he hold a tranquilliser gun . he spot hotel signage point towards various location . he stop in front of a sign . it read '' beach / pier / mini golf '' . ext . pier - evening two waiter guard the yacht moor at the pier . Automatic rifle be sling across they back . but they seem relaxed and not very alert . the light be on in one of the three yacht . 30 - year-old waiter the only thing that trouble I be when someone order something and then they insist they order something else . for example , someone say they want a espresso and then say they do not order a espresso but a cappuccino and get all rude about it and annoyed . I find that quite troubling . 91 62. 50 - year-old waiter in situation like that you need to be polite and make they realise they mistake . if this get you nowhere then take back they espresso and bring they a cappuccino , that way you avoid any hassle . if the problem do not go away , if they use physical violence or if they continue to change what they ask you for , you just have to speak with the manager . understood ? 30 - year-old waiter yes . David walk towards they . he hide the tranquilliser gun behind he back . 50 - year-old waiter room number and reason for be out , please . David swiftly shoot they both with the tranquilliser gun . they fall down unconscious . int . yacht - evening David climb aboard the yacht . he carefully look through the cabin window . limp man and nosebleed woman wear identical nautical stripe outfit . his be stain with blood . they child , Elizabeth , also sit with they . limping man a basketball weigh between 550 and 650 gram . do you know that ? nosebleed woman no , I do not know that . limping man yes . it 's weight be different for man 's and woman 's game , but that 's roughly how much they weigh . do you know how much a volleyball weigh ? elizabeth no , but I have love to find out . David startles they , appear behind the little girl . he sit down beside they at the table and place the gun next to he . david good evening . 92 63. he take a glass from in front of limp man and the knife from next to the little girl 's plate and tap the glass with the knife . david ( cont 'd ) I have a announcement to make . his nose do not really bleed on its own . he bang it against a wall or a piece of wood or some other hard surface , or else he cut it with a pen knife while you be not look . so the answer to the question '' be you suite ? '' be 100 % '' no , you be not '' . elizabeth shut up . dad , tell he to leave . I be sleepy . david I be sure that the stain on he t- shirt be not blood but cherry juice or tomato ketchup or red watercolour paint or something like that . limp man and nosebleed woman get up and start to hit he . one hold he down while the other kick he . David drop the knife . david ( cont 'd ) or beetroot juice . Elizabeth grab the knife from the floor . elizabeth kill he . mum , here 's the knife . kill he . limp man push David out of the cabin . limping man get out of here while you still can . David look at they with a weird mix of shame and contempt and then leave . the hotel alarm sound from the yacht 's speaker . he jump to the pier and start to run towards the fence where the other be wait for he . shortsight woman smile slightly the moment she see he return safe . ext . the wood - evening the loner dance , everyone on they own . Electronic music play . David do not dance . he try to find shortsight woman amongst the other . he see she but before he have time to approach she , loner leader go up to David . 93 64 . loner leader why be not you dance ? david my leg hurt a little . loner leader do you dig you own grave ? david not yet . loner leader I do not mean to pressure you , or to ruin the mood now that we be celebrate , but at some point you will have to do it . do not expect anyone else to dig you grave for you , or to carry you corpse . we ’1ll throw some dirt over you but that 's about it . tomorrow find a spot you like where the ground be not too rocky and make a start . enjoy the rest of you evening . ext . the wood - day David spy another loner take rabbit to shortsight woman . she smile and say something to rabbit loner , who then say something back . it must have be something very funny because he laugh loudly then wave she goodbye and leave . as soon as rabbit loner be go , David go up to she . he 's obviously upset but try to hide it . david do you catch rabbit ? shortsighted woman no , someone bring I they . david who ? shortsighted woman a friend of mine . you want one ? david no. shortsighted woman you be jealous ? david no , I be not jealous . it 's just you do not need to accept rabbit from other people . ( more ) 65 . david ( cont 'd ) if you need more rabbit , just tell I and I will bring you more . catch a rabbit be difficult , but I will try harder . there 's no need for you to be indebted to the other . shortsighted woman thank you very much . david that man who bring you the rabbit , be he shortsight ? shortsighted woman I do not know . I do not think so . 94 ext . the wood - day David go up to rabbit loner who 's shave he face in the river . he stare at he for a while then speak loudly . david afternoon . be that a sparrow up in that tree ? rabbit loner I can not really see that far , but I do not think so . david be you shortsight ? rabbit loner no . david you be lie . rabbit loner it 's the truth . david what do it say here ? David show he the zip on he jacket . rabbit loner ykk . david you know that already . all zip say the same thing . 95 96 66 . rabbit loner I be not shortsight . I do not understand why you will not believe I . I can see very clearly . I use to be a pilot . david you be wear contact lense . rabbit loner I be not wear contact lense . I be not shortsight , I swear . david you be . you think I be a idiot and can not tell . David hit he , kick he and pin he down . he pull open he eyelid . david ( cont 'd ) look up . I say , look up . rabbit loner obey . David finger he eyeball to check whether he 's wear contact lense or not . david ( cont 'd ) now down . Left and right . David get up . rabbit loner stay down on the ground . david ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I think you be try to fool I . I be sorry . ext . the wood - day David and shortsight woman put CD into they portable player . beside they stand a pony , it might be that girl from the hotel . david we need to concentrate , we both have to press play at the same time . i’1l1 count down from five and we will push the button on zero . five , four , three , two , one , zero . the both push they button and dance in each other 's arm . we hear the same song play twice , overlaid , the two stream a little out of sync . ext . the wood - morning during the voice over , we see various scene from the life of the loner . 97 67 . loner watch a dog attack a seal in the middle of the wood , a loner fight with another loner , a loner lie dead , loner wash themselves in the river , loner leader feed the pig . female v.o . we have develop a code so that we can communicate with each other , even in front of the other , without they know what we be say . a handstand mean '' I miss you so much '' . when we turn we head to the leave it mean '' I love you more than anything in the world '' and when we turn we head to the right it mean '' watch out , we be in danger . '' we have to be very careful in the beginning not to mix up '' I love you more than anything in the world '' with '' watch out , we be in danger . '' when we raise we leave arm it mean '' I want to dance in you arm '' . when we make a fist and put it behind we back it mean '' let 's fuck , I be horny '' . the code grow more and more as time go by and within a few week we could talk about almost anything without even open we mouth . about history , music , we childhood , everything . int . loner leader' parent 's house - morning loner leader , loner swimmer ( she suppose husband ) , she father and she mother , sit on the sofa . they all seem relaxed , they have be drink and they be enjoy the storey tell by the elderly couple . David and shortsight woman sit in a corner . loner leader' father I meet you mother when we be at school . we be both top of the class in music . I be a little better than she on the guitar because my finger be longer and stronger , which be very important when play chord . she be better at sing . we begin meeting to study together . we become a couple just a month before leave school . if we have wait one more month , we have have be send to the hotel . can you imagine ? 98 99 68. loner swimmer let 's not talk about unpleasant thing . I can not wait for you both to play we some music . loner leader 's father begin to play the guitar . her mother , sit beside he , begin to sing . David kiss shortsight woman on the hand . she begin to stroke he hair and then french kiss he for a long time . loner leader , annoyed , slap they . loner leader that 's enough . show my parent some respect , they be play you music . loner leader' mother that 's okay . loner leader no mother , it be not okay . please , continue . loner leader' mother do you want we to perform the same song , or something else ? loner leader something else . ext . town STREET - morning loner leader and loner swimmer go on ahead . David and shortsight woman follow behind . they regret be so intimate at the gather . David try to read loner leader , to figure out if she suspect they or not . david we be great today , be not we ? maybe even better than last time . loner leader say nothing . they walk quickly . david ( cont 'd ) do not she parent sing and play beautifully ? shortsighted woman it be wonderful . David and shortsight woman smile but seem worried . ext . the wood - morning the loner eat fruit together . loner leader hand out bananas . they sit around a tree trunk . David cover he leave eye with he hand . shortsight woman do a handstand . 100 69 . all part of they secret code that nobody else understand . a pink flamingo stand in the distance . ext . the wood - evening a loner woman read from a notebook . her voice be that of the female v.o. we have hear throughout the story . loner leader listen beside she . loner narrator '' we love each other and we suit each other . that 's the reason why we have decide to leave and stay together forever in the town . tomorrow , during the hunt , we be go to disappear and everyone will think we have be capture and that we be go to be turn into dog or canary or something . I think the first thing I be go to do when I get into town be buy a bathrobe and then we will go to a pool with a high diving board perfect for diving . and we will do lot of different thing together , serious thing not silly one , like go for walk in the park or play the guitar together '' . that 's where it end . there be some note at the back but I do not think they be important . loner leader stand perfectly still . she seem shocked and enraged even though she kind of suspect it . loner leader read I the note . loner narrator '' portofino : italian fishing village and upmarket resort famous for its picturesque harbour . population : 439 . beach nearby : paraggi Beach , camogli , chiavari and lavagna . serifos : Greek island locate in the western cyclade . population : 1,414 . the miner 's Strike of 1916 . in the 20th century , the mine of serifos be exploit by the mining company '' société miniére sérifos -spiliazeza '' under the direction of the german mineralogist A. grohmann , who die in 1905 '' . 101 70 . loner leader that 's enough . where do you find it ? loner narrator in the wood . someone probably drop it during the hunt . do you think it belong to one of we ? loner leader no . one of the hotel guest must have drop it . none of we would have write such drivel . she take the notebook and leave . ext . the wood - evening loner leader go up to shortsight woman . she 's read a book by torchlight . loner leader sit next to she and talk to she in a really friendly tone of voice . loner leader you be read ? shortsighted woman yes . loner leader would not it be amazing if you could read without the help of glass or contact ? shortsighted woman yes . loner leader I would like to ask you a favour . shortsighted woman what sort of favour ? loner leader do you have a sheet of white paper , by any chance ? I want to make a list of the stuff we need from town and there 's no paper leave in my notebook . shortsight woman look in she backpack for she notebook . she start rummage , distress . loner leader ( cont ’d ) it 's fine if you do not have any . i’1l ask someone else . 71 . shortsighted woman but I do . I be sure I have a notebook with white page , it 's in here somewhere , I be sure of it . loner leader do not worry . it do not matter . tomorrow when we go into town I 'il make a note to buy you a new one . loner leader tenderly touch shortsight woman on she shoulder and leave . 102 int . doctor 's surgery waiting room - morning loner leader , loner narrator and shortsight woman be in a wait room . the three woman be seat on a sofa . there be a coffee table with past issue of various magazine in front of they . loner narrator read one of this magazine . shortsighted woman it 's very dangerous for three woman to be alone in town together . it 's highly likely the doctor will suspect we . I suggest we leave the first chance we get . right now , in fact . loner leader do not be afraid . no - one will suspect a thing . I bet you be not expect this surprise . be not it wonderful ? shortsighted woman yes , it be . still , I have like to think it over for a few day , and maybe I ' 1ll have the surgery do when we be next in town . loner leader what 's there to think about ? if it 's better to see clearly or to be shortsight , be that it ? that 's absurd , you know that . anyway , this doctor be the best there be , it 's really very difficult to get a appointment . I call he month ago to get he to see you today . a secretary go up to they and show they the door to the doctor 's office . 103 104 105 106 72 . int . doctor 's office - morning the doctor sit behind he desk . loner leader and shortsight woman sit in two chair opposite he . this be a typical doctor 's office : big wooden bookcase , a mix of old - fashioned and modern furniture , some frame print of famous painting . the doctor 's hand be shiny and clean , like the hand of most doctor . doctor this operation be what we call '' routine surgery '' . it have a 90 % success rate , so there 's no need to worry . there be no scalpel involved , the entire procedure be do by laser . there 's no reason why you should not see clearly when you be swim in the sea or when you first wake up in the morning . contact lens solution , contact lens case , eyeglass , all that will be a thing of the past . loner leader thank you very much , doctor . shortsight woman do not speak . she make quite a effort to appear happy but do not make a very good job of it . int . operating theatre - morning shortsight woman lie frighten on a operate table . she look around , sweat . the Doctor anaesthetise she by intravenous injection . he then lay out various scalpel on a metal tray . int . doctor' surgery waiting room - day loner leader sit and wait . the Doctor bring out shortsight woman , whose eye be bandage up . loner narrator approach shortsight woman and give she a hug . she then put she jacket over shortsight woman 's shoulder and fix she hair with she hand . loner leader pay the Doctor . he have a quiet word with loner leader but we cannot hear what he say very clearly . doctor ( whisper ) she be blind , as you wish . ext . the wood - day shortsight woman , kneel on the ground , hold a knife . it look like there 's just be a fight . she 's flushed red . 73 . unable to see , she eye still bandage up , shortsight woman threaten anyone who might be close to she with she knife . loner leader and loner narrator keep they distance . loner leader throw down you knife and stand up . shortsighted woman no . loner leader you be be completely irrational . I understand you be upset by the unexpected result but to accuse I be very insulting to say the least . the doctor say there be some unforeseen complication after you surgery . that be all . who would have guess such a simple procedure could have such catastrophic result ? no one . anyway , what reason could I possibly have have to do such a hideous thing on purpose ? shortsighted woman why do you have to blind I ? you could have blind he . loner leader I have no idea what you be talk about . the drug be mess with you head . if I be you , I have try and be a little brave about the whole thing . now get up and give I the knife , or I 'il hit you and take it by force . shortsight woman say nothing . she 's still hold the knife in a threaten manner . loner leader ( cont ’d ) here I come . loner leader signal to loner narrator , who go over to shortsight woman . she grab the hand hold the knife and they begin to fight . loner leader speak close to loner narrator 's head , so that the shortsight woman , who be now blind , think she 's wrestle with loner leader . shortsighted woman I swear I be go to kill you . loner leader no , do not , please . let go of my hair , you be hurt I . 74 . shortsight woman have grab loner narrator by the hair and now stab she in the stomach . loner leader stay close so that it seem it 's really she fight shortsight woman and groan in pain with each stab . loner leader ( cont ’d ) have mercy , please , [ groan ] do not kill I . just think [ groan ] that when someone [ groan ] go blind , one of they other sense [ groan ] be heighten . touch , hearing , smell [ groan ] . you ’1ll smell better , hear better . you ’1ll feel thing with you finger and know what it be you be touch [ groan ] . silence . loner narrator have be dead some time now . shortsight woman raise herself up a little . she feel out the dead woman 's body with she hand and take she pulse . she put down the bloody knife , wipe she hand and get up . that be when loner leader begin she monologue again . shortsight woman jump in fear . loner leader ( cont ’d ) you could also catch a dog in the wood and train it to guide you . dog can do that , you know . i’1l help you catch a dog myself . now that I think of it , you sense of touch may already be heighten . let 's find out right now . i’1l put something in you hand and you tell I what it be . okay ? loner leader give she something and close she hand around it tight . loner leader ( cont ’d ) make a fist . feel what it be , feel its shape . it 's not difficult . shortsight woman fall down and scream . loner leader continue to squeeze she fist . loner leader ( cont ’d ) what be it ? what be it ? i’1ll give you a little more time to guess but I can not wait much longer . what be it ? shortsight woman scream . loner leader let go of she hand . she open she fist and she palm be cover blood . loner leader ( cont ’d ) time 's up . it 's a small razor blade . ( more ) 75 . loner leader ( cont ’d ) it seem you sense of touch have not improve yet but it 's 1ll happen , you will see . now get up . if you carry on act like this I be go to leave you here and I do not think you will manage to find meeting point two on you own . 107 ext . the wood - day David meet with shortsight woman . she sit on a rock . she have take the bandage off and wear sunglass . she try to act calm . david do you have a nice time in town ? shortsighted woman sure . david what happen to you hand ? shortsighted woman I be cut a tree branch with a knife , and cut myself by accident . you look handsome today . do you get you hair cut ? david thank you . no , I do not get a haircut , I be go to have my hair cut today . look what I bring you . shortsighted woman thank you very much . I be so hungry , I will eat it right away . David be momentarily puzzle . david it 's a bigger flashlight . shortsighted woman I be sorry , it 's so big I think it be a rabbit . it 's the biggest flashlight I have ever see . david be you ready for tonight ? shortsight woman decide to drop she act . shortsighted woman of course I be . I want to tell you something but please do not get angry . 76 . david what happen ? shortsighted woman I can not see a thing . I be blind . david what do you mean ? shortsighted woman there 's no point lie to you , you will find out sooner or later . I have lose my sight . loner leader blind I this morning , in town . she must have realise that I love you and you love I and that we be go to leave for the town . david how do she find out ? shortsighted woman I do not know . I think she find my notebook . david what notebook ? shortsighted woman my notebook . I have a notebook , where I would write my thought about we , about how suite we be . I be sorry . david you can not see at all ? shortsighted woman no , not at all . david and when you ask if I have have a haircut ? shortsighted woman I say it so you would not realise I can not see . I be sorry . David kick some dirt . he seem frustrated and disappointed . he turn towards shortsight woman . david do not cry . crying will make you eye hurt even more . we will find a way . 108 109 77 . ext . the wood - night some loner sleep , other listen to music around a battery - operate lantern . David lie on the ground and seem very sad . loner leader go up to David , hold a pig on a leash . loner leader I be go to hunt for truffle . do you want to come and keep I company ? david I be a little sleepy . loner leader we will not be long . I have find a spot where there be lot of they . we will not be long , I promise . come on . David get up . ext . the wood - night David and loner leader walk through the wood hold flashlight . David look scared . he do not know if he 's about to be punish as well . loner leader thanks for come with I . something terrible happen today and I need some company . david what happen ? loner leader do not you hear what happen in town ? david no. loner leader shortsight woman have a operation and go blind . it 's so very sad . and then my deputy leader be kill on we way back . she be attack by a jaguar . I be really very upset because I be think of make shortsight woman deputy leader as she 's very capable and loyal . but then I give it some think and realise that now it will be difficult for she to command so many people . the next person I think could take on such a responsibility be you . 78 . david thank you very much . loner leader do not thank I . I trust you completely and I consider you one of the best loner I have see in year . I know you will not disappoint I in any way . if something happen to I , you will take over . take a few day to think about it and let I know when you be ready . here 's the place with the truffle . you can not imagine how many there be . I want you to come with I and see it for yourself . if you become deputy leader , you will need to know where in the wood you can find lot of truffle . ext . the wood - morning shortsight woman lie under a tree . David stand beside she hold four carrot and a fish . apparently he 's decide not to give up yet . david what blood type be you ? shortsighted woman B. David think some more . david do you like berry ? blueberry ? blackberry ? shortsighted woman no , no . david can you play the piano ? shortsighted woman no . david do you speak german ? shortsighted woman no. 79 . david I could teach you german but it would take at least a year for you to be able to speak the basic , not fluently . so there 's no point . you know , german be one of the most difficult language in the world to learn because its grammar be very complicated . David wake up , terrify . ext . the wood , midday shortsight woman lie under a tree . David go up to she hold four carrot and a fish . he look at she , a little lose in think . david what blood type be you ? shortsighted woman B. David think some more . david do you like berry ? blueberry ? blackberry ? shortsighted woman no , no . david can you play the piano ? shortsighted woman no . david do you speak german ? shortsighted woman no . david I could teach you german but it would take at least a year for you to be able to speak the basic , not fluently . so there 's no point . you know , german be one of the most difficult language in the world to learn because its grammar be very complicated . 112 113 ext . the wood - morning David hand shortsight woman a plastic cup . she with she finger . shortsighted woman a plastic cup . david that 's right . very good . he then hand she a tennis ball . shortsighted woman a kiwi . david that 's right . ten out of ten , again . she smile . david ( cont 'd ) I be make a fist behind my back . shortsight woman now become serious . shortsighted woman that can not happen . I can not thank you enough for keep I company , for the game and activity but you know we can not do that any more . do you want to play another round of '' touch - think - guess - win " ? david no , that 's enough for today . in any case , I have run out of thing to test you with . maybe tomorrow , or one of this day . shortsighted woman tomorrow morning ? david we will see . ext . the wood - day 80 . feel it David sing a duet write for a man and a woman all on he own . he only sing the male part and leave out the female part . a rabbit come up close to he . David look at it but do not kill it . he have no reason to hunt rabbit anymore . the rabbit hop off . 81. 114 ext . the wood - day David walk through the wood with loner leader . he stop at some point and look around . loner leader how do you like this place here ? david it 's nice . loner leader it be nice , and more importantly very quiet because of the rock you have to climb to get here . can you imagine why I bring you to such a quiet place today ? david no. loner leader because I think it 's the perfect spot for you grave . it be my second choice for my own grave , but in the end I decide on a place a little to the north of here because there be fewer dog around there , digging all the time for bone . she take a small pickaxe from she pocket and give it to he . David start to dig . after a while he get tired and stop . he 's only manage to dig a small hole . he climb into it but he whole body will not fit . he try to fit as best he can . loner leader ( cont ’d ) you have to make it bigger so you will fit better . as I say , there be a lot of dog around here . now cover yourself with soil . use you hand . he scoops some soil onto he body and sit there a little , motionless . loner leader ( cont ’d ) over you face too . you would not want you face to get eat , would you ? David put more soil over he face and body . he seem terrify . loner leader ( cont ’d ) can you see how great this spot be ? 82. david yes . thank you very much . loner leader cut a flower and put it on David 's grave . loner leader if you die before I , I 'il visit you as often I can . I promise . David stay motionless . ext . wood - morning David walk in the forest and come across a pony . the animal be probably the woman with the nice hair at the hotel , nosebleed woman 's best friend . David stare at the pony with a mixture of confusion and anger . his face be still full of dirt . david hi , how be you ? it 's very nice meeting you again . he cut the pony 's mane with a pair of scissors . the animal stand still . he then look the pony in the eye and hit it across the face . david ( cont 'd ) how do you like my hair now ? ext . the wood , morning shortsight woman and two other loner be down on they knee try to set a rabbit trap . David approach they . david good afternoon . shortsighted woman how be you ? david Fine . shortsighted woman I be hungry . you have not bring I a rabbit in day . or thing for I to touch and guess . david I have get good news . I have have a great idea . have you get a minute ? shortsighted woman what sort of idea ? 83. David take shortsight woman aside and describe he idea to she use the physical code they have develop between they , but now describe the movement to she orally . david I raise my leave foot . I bring my elbow to my knee and tap it twice . I bring my foot to my knee and tap it three time . I lie face down . I kneel down . I touch my leave cheek and then lie face up . shortsight woman think for a minute . shortsighted woman be you sure you be prepare to do that ? david it 's the only way . she do not speak . david ( cont 'd ) yes , of course I be . I would not propose it if I be not . shortsighted woman when ? david tomorrow morning ? shortsighted woman tomorrow morning . David leave . shortsight woman smile but seem unsure at the same time . ext . the wood - night David attack a woman in the dark . he hit she . she fall unconscious and we see the face of loner leader . he take a roll of gaffer tape from he pocket , tie she up and gag she mouth . he then drag she away . ext . the wood - night loner leader , tie up , lie in David 's freshly dig grave . dog circle the shallow pit . loner leader try in vain to cut herself loose . 120 84 . ext . the wood - morning David and shortsight woman walk quickly , as if run with very small step . David walk a little ahead , and shortsight woman hold he hand and follow behind . they be wear they civilian clothes but David 's suit do not fit he very well . it 's a little tight . they talk as they walk . david be you thirsty ? shortsighted woman no . david it 's not much farther . I can already see the building . there be no building in sight yet . shortsighted woman that 's perfect . shortsight woman continue to walk , a little faster now . shortsighted woman ( cont ’d ) we should speed up a little bit . david this trousers be too tight . I be sorry . it be dark and I could not see clearly and I do not have the time to try they on . I be sorry . shortsighted woman never mind . ext . MAIN road - midday David and shortsight woman come out of the wood and onto the road . they walk more slowly now . David hear a noise . he turn and see a vehicle come in the distance . he pull shortsight woman off the road and they hide in some bush . the vehicle pass they . it be the hotel coach head into town . david it 's go . they do not see we . shortsighted woman I be a little hungry . if you see a rabbit , kill it and we will eat . 121 122 85 . david we do not have time to hunt . we ’1ll eat when we get into town . everything have to happen as we say , without delay , without waste time for no reason . we have to reach the restaurant before rush hour . it will be much easier if there be not lot of people come and go in the toilet . shortsighted woman have you decide how you be go to do it ? david no. shortsighted woman alright . let 's not waste any more time talk . let 's go . they get up and head off again down the road . iv. the town int . town restaurant - day David and shortsight woman sit at a table . there be not many people in the restaurant , just another couple sit a few table further back . in front of they be two glass of water . they be silent . david profile . shortsight woman turn she head to the leave , hold it there , then turn it to the right and hold it there . david ( cont 'd ) finger . shortsight woman show he she finger . David look at they carefully . david ( cont 'd ) elbow . shortsight woman pull up she sleeve and show he she elbow . shortsighted woman would you like I to show you my belly ? 86 . david no , I remember you belly very well . smile . shortsight woman smile . she hold the smile for a long time . David signal to a restaurant waiter . the waiter come to they table . david ( cont 'd ) can I have a knife and fork , please ? not a butter knife . a steak knife . restaurant waiter certainly . the waiter bring he a knife and fork wrap in a napkin . David examine both piece of cutlery . he take the knife and wrap the fork back up in the napkin . david I be go to do it with a knife . shortsighted woman do you want I to come with you ? david I would rather you do not . shortsighted woman do not worry . it 's strange at first but you get use to it . and you other sense be heighten . touch , for example . you hearing . david I know . David get up from he chair . he head towards the toilet . 123 int . town restaurant toilet - day David pull lot of paper towel out of the dispenser . he tuck they into he shirt collar and lay they over he shoulder to keep the blood off . he look at himself in the mirror , check to see if he hand be tremble and then raise the knife , bring it close to he eye . closer and closer . he can not do it , and lower the knife again . he then take a few deep breath and try again . 124 int . town restaurant - day shortsight woman sit on she own at the table and wait . the waiter fill she glass with water and leave . we hear many different voice and a door open and close . a couple sit down at the table next to she . 87 . shortsight woman take a small sip of water and put she glass back down on the table . beside she be the restaurant front window , which look onto a main road . Cars go by . various couple walk past , some of they have kid , other a dog . the scene last some time . the end .