game of throne " the Iron throne " written by David Benioff & d.b. Weiss base on a song of Ice and Fire by George R.R. Martin game of throne '' the Iron throne " 1 . ext . king be landing MAIN gate - day snow have begin to fall and will continue to fall throughout this day . King 's landing be a smolder wreck of a city . tyrion lannister steel himself and head inside the ruin capital . we follow he Son of saul style , tight on he face as he pass through the gate . where the main gate once stand there be only melt steel and crumble stone . there be no score to soften the horror . aside from a few distant shout and scream , the break city be eerily quiet . much of the victorious army be behind he , but we will only see they incidentally as he pass through the gate with a small honor guard . smoke , shallow focus . jon snow and davos seaworth follow he with a small group of northmen at they back , but we stay with tyrion 's perspective for the whole of this open sequence : on he back , on he face . on the periphery of the frame , scorched body lie on the side of the main street where they fall . tyrion see they ( and jon and davos behind he ) , but they keep walk . people baked in they brick home as if in a oven . and a child sit out front , cry , alone . another dead child , face down on the ground . a northern soldier sit on a pile of rubble in front of a stairwell , weep amongst the wreckage . human silhouettes on the dragon-scorch ground where the ash have blow away , the negative image of the Hiroshima silhouettes . a walking wounded man pass without acknowledge tyrion and he party . as if he do not even see they . a small , char hand poke out from underneath the rubble , hold a tin horse . the same little girl Arya try to help in 805 . they all stop to look at what remain of the dead little girl . tyrion glance at jon . tyrion I will find you later . jon let I send some of my man with you . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 2 . continued : jon gesture to he man to go with tyrion , but : tyrion I be go alone . tyrion stare at jon for a beat . he outrank everyone here . jon finally nod and step aside . jon watch he walk through a archway frame the devastation beyond . we tilt up to reveal the distant Red keep . ext . king be landing alley - day jon , davos and the northmen come across grey worm and a platoon of unsully stand over a group of lannister officer on they knee . grey worm in the name of the one true queen , daenery targaryen , I sentence you to die . jon grey Worm ! grey Worm turn and watch jon approach . he seem neither surprised nor pleased to see he queen 's lover . jon it 's over . this man be prisoner . grey worm it be not over until the queen 's enemy be defeat . davos ( incredulous ) how much more defeat do you want they to be ? they be on they knee ! grey worm they be breathe . davos look around you , friend . we win . grey worm I follow my queen 's command . not yours . jon and what be the queen 's command ? grey worm '' kill all that who follow cersei lannister . '' ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 3 . continued : grey Worm draw he knife . grey worm this be free man . they choose to fight for she . as grey Worm step behind the first officer in the line , jon grab he arm . a dozen unsully level they spear at jon . the northmen behind jon draw they sword , prepare to defend they commander . davos easy , man ! easy ! grey Worm pull he arm free and stare at jon . he be quite ready to fight the northerner if further provoke . jon stare back , but unlike grey Worm he be plague with doubt . this man be he ally . how do it come to this ? davos ( to jon ) we should speak to the Queen . jon hate to walk away from what he consider a injustice , but the only other choice be even great bloodsh . he walk away , turn once to see grey Worm cut the first officer 's throat . int . map room - day tyrion walk past the ruin map room , snow start to cover the ash and rubble . int . SMALL council room - day he walk past the table where he and cersei often fight , past the little office where he and he father often fight . he grab a unlit torch from a sconce . he 's head into the darkness . int . tunnel - day alone and carry a light torch , tyrion make he way down a staircase into the secret underbelly of the Red keep . at the end of the dark tunnel he come upon a great mound of rubble , block he passage . he raise he torch and see a small gap at the very top of the rubble . it be lighter on the other side than it be here . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 4 . continued : he put down the torch and start climb up the rubble . int . dragon skull room - day tyrion walk through what 's leave of the dragon skull room , toward the light provide by the hole that drogon blast in the ceiling . many of the skull have be crush by fall rock ; even balerion the dread 's skull have be cave in . all of the skull have be blacken and scorched by the extreme heat of the fire that rage for hour . and then he see it , in the pile of rubble and ash make by drogon 's blast : a hint of a golden hand . tyrion get down on he knee and clear the rubble and ash away . it 's hard , filthy work . tyrion start to cry midway through but do not stop until he 's clear away the remain of Jaime and cersei . they be still in each other 's arm : he golden hand rest beside she head ; she lion pendant still encircle she neck . tyrion sit beside the remain of he brother and sister and cry for they both . ext . red keep front gate ( aegon be hill ) - day High atop aegon 's Hill , we follow arya stark as she head toward the plaza . she pass a group of unsully as they toss dead lannister body in a pile , stack they like cordwood . reaching the edge of the plaza , she stay on the edge of the proceedings , observe from a distance . targaryen imagery be on display here : the big red and black dragon banner have be drape over the wall . unsully line both side of the step , with grey Worm wait up top . all the remain unsully be in formation in front of the step . behind they , the dothraki congregate , some with they horse , some on foot . and behind the dothraki , at the main entrance to the plaza , opposite the step , jon enter into the space . Arya see he . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 5 . continued : we go to jon as he look across the crowd to the staircase and the wreck facade that frame the top of it . the wreck Red keep visible in the distance . we follow jon as he make he way through the dothraki , then to the aisle in the unsully rank that lead to the staircase . jon see grey Worm stand at the top of the step , stare down at he . they both look up when they hear the heavy beat of dragon wing . drogon fly overhead , over dothraki wave they arakh and unsully stand motionless , spear in hand . drogon land out of sight beyond the top of the stair . jon climb the stairway . when he near the top he see dany , already dismounted , walk towards he . for a moment , drogon 's unfold wing spread behind she back , a unsettle image . her satanic majesty 's request . she walk to the edge of the step and look out over she gather army , over the demolish city . first she address she dothraki in they native tongue . dany qoy goyi ! shafka vernish ei asqoy shafki anhaan . shafka addrivish dozge anni mar khogaroon shigethi mori ! ( blood of my blood ! you keep all you promise to I . you kill my enemy in they iron suit ! ) the dothraki scream and raise they arakh into the air . we have some badass - look dothraki in the mix . dany shafka ohharish okrenegwin mori ! ( you tore down they stone house ! ) her khalasar roar . dany shafka ray azhish anhaan rhaeshis andahli ! ( you have give I the Seven kingdom ! ) her dothraki scream and wave they arakh . jon watch all this , disturb . next dany address she unsully in valyrian , first turn to grey Worm . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 6 . continued : ( 2 ) dany torgo nudho , hin rangam ez hozno ynoma dekurupta . nedyro mentyro hedry pasabarje karaje iksa . avy tolvio azantyro flurho jentosy brozan . dario vilibazmaro aeksyso . ( torgo nudho , you have walk beside I since the Plaza of pride . you be the bravest of man , the most loyal of soldier . I name you commander of all my force , the Queen 's master of War . ) grey Worm bow he head , acknowledge this high honor . tyrion approach from the Red keep side , look shake and despondent . jon glance at he . tyrion do not look at jon , or at dany 's gather force . he be trap inside he own head , think about what he just see . dany turn to the unsully foot soldier stand down in the plaza . dany dovaogedy ! jeme hen mufioti fioghoti nadintak se hae buzdaryti ubredak . Sir daeremirossa iksat ! daro vililio gierion hen qrinio hilmiot daeredat ! ( unsully ! all of you be tear from you mother 's arm and raise as slave . now you be liberator ! you have freed the people of King 's landing from the grip of a tyrant ! ) the unsully slam they spear butt onto the ground , three time in perfect synch , affirm they pride in they achievement and they queen . dany yn vilibazma tetos daor . ilvra egralbri qubemiluty daor yn vapar tolvio vyho gieryndi daeredoty ! hen vinterveli va dornot , hen laniso viliniot va qarthot , hen jaedria va Zeo embrot , abrar , valar , rifiar toli grevo go bottis . grevi ynoma pryjelat ? ( but the war be not over . we will not lay down we spear until we have liberated all the people of the world ! ( more ) ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 7 . continued : ( 3 ) dany ( cont 'd ) from winterfell to dorne , from lannisport to qarth , from the summer isle to the jade Sea , woman , man , and child have suffer too long beneath the wheel . will you break the wheel with I ? ) the unsully slam they spear butt onto the ground , again and again , eager for the fight . tyrion , who understand enough valyrian to get the gist of what she 's say , look around the ruin city . if this be liberation , he do not believe in liberation theology . the unsully continue to drum the butt of they spear on the ground in unison , praise they queen . amidst the ash of she conquest and the corpse of she enemy , dany accept the worship of she follower . the devastate city stretch out below she , but she show no sign of ambivalence or doubt . she have burn the village to save it . Arya watch from afar , cool and hood , appraise dany and she force . Arya hate cersei as much as anyone . that do not mean she like the new boss . to she it look like the Seven kingdom just trade one tyrant for another . dany turn to tyrion . we begin to fade down on the drum spear . dany you freed you brother . you commit treason . tyrion see no point in argue he case . he look around the ruin city . he begge she not to do this , and she do it anyway . hundred of thousand have die . he want a bloodless revolution . he would have gladly die to put she on the throne without the horror they just witness . but he fail . tyrion I freed my brother . and you slaughter a city . he step forward to the edge of the landing , remove he Hand pin and toss it down the step . the spear but stop abruptly . thousands of dany 's loyal warrior stare up at this man who dare to disrespect they queen . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 8 . continued : ( 4 ) at one point , this betrayal would have hurt dany deeply . that point be long go . she stare at she former Hand with anger , disgust that she trust he so deeply for so long . dany Ziry najikatas . ( take he . ) grey Worm and a posse of unsully follow out the order as jon watch in disbelief . dany walk toward the Red keep , flanke by a large contingent of she dothraki bodyguard . jon be so distract by what he 's just see that he do not notice Arya now stand beside he . jon look at she in disbelief . jon what be you do here ? arya I come to kill cersei . you queen get there first . jon she 's everyone 's queen , now . Arya 's expression be noncommittal . arya try tell sansa . jon need to go deal with matter , now . jon wait for I outside the city . I will find you . before he can take a step , Arya grab he arm and look up at he . arya jon . no one else be close enough to hear they word . arya she know who you be . who you really be . you will always be a threat to she . Arya look to dany , walk away with she dothraki bodyguard . arya and I know a killer when I see one . game of throne '' the Iron throne " 9 . int . makeshift cell - day the unsully have find a makeshift cell for tyrion somewhere on the Red keep grounds . perhaps it 's one of the few intact chamber . tyrion sit with he back against the wall , stare up at the weak light . we hear the bolt slide and the door open : jon snow stand there . he nod to the unsully sentries and step inside . one of the sentries close the door after he and we hear the bolt slide . tyrion do you bring any wine ? jon no. tyrion ( disappointed ) ah. well , thank you for come to see I . ( beat ) we queen do not keep prisoner for long . jon no. tyrion I suppose there 's a crude kind of justice . I betrayed my close friend and watch he burn . now vary 's ash can tell my ash , '' see ! I tell you . '' jon be unable to see the humor in the situation . tyrion it just occur to I : I be talk to the only man alive who know where I be go . so ? be there life after death ? jon not that I have see . tyrion take this with he usual fatalism . tyrion I should be thankful . oblivion be the best I can hope for . I strangle my lover . I shot my own father with a crossbow . I betrayed my queen . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 10 . continued : jon you do not -- tyrion I do . and I would do it again , now that I have see what I have see . ( shrug ) I choose my fate . the people of King 's landing do not . jon can not argue with this . he 's see too much horror in the last day . he glance towards the window . jon I can not justify what happen . I will not try . but the war be over now . tyrion be it ? when you hear she talk to she soldier , do she sound like someone who 's do fight ? jon do not answer , but he expression make it clear he harbor the same worry . tyrion she 's a conqueror . she liberated the people of slaver 's Bay . she liberated the people of King 's landing . she will go on liberate until all the people of the world be free ... and she rule they all . jon and you have be by she side , counseling she . until today . tyrion until today . ( beat ) vary be right . I be wrong . it be vanity to think I could guide she . we queen 's nature be fire and blood . jon ( angry ) you think we house word be stamp on we body when we be bear and that 's who we be ? then I would be fire and blood , too . ( quieter ) she 's not she father . no more than you be tywin lannister . tyrion consider this point . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 11 . continued : ( 2 ) tyrion my father be a evil man . my sister be a evil woman . pile up all the body of all the people they ever kill . throw in ramsay bolton 's victim for good measure . add they all up , and they still will not be half as many as we beautiful queen slaughter in a single day . a million people live in this filthy city before we attack . how many be live now ? the argument get more heat , both man impassion . jon cersei leave she no choice -- tyrion the moment the gate fall the battle be over . she burn family alive in they home . jon she see she best friend behead . she see she dragon shot out of the sky . you sister betrayed she . tyrion and she burnt down a city for it ! jon it 's easy to judge when you be stand far from the battlefield -- tyrion would you have do it ? jon what ? tyrion you have be up there , on a dragon 's back . you have have that power . would you have burnt the city down ? jon I do not know . tyrion yes , you do . you will not say it because you do not want to betray she . but you know . jon what do it matter , what I would do ? ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 12 . continued : ( 3 ) tyrion it matter more than anything . tyrion look up at jon . it 's important that jon listen and tyrion make sure he be before beginning he argument . tyrion when she murder the slaver of astapor , I be sure no one but the slaver complain . after all , they be evil man . when she crucify hundred of meereenese noble , who could argue ? they be evil man . the dothraki khal she burnt alive ? they would have do worse to she . everywhere she go , evil man die and we cheer she for it . and she grow more powerful , and more sure that she be good and right . ( beat ) she believe she destiny be to build a better world , for everyone . to fix what be break for every man , woman and child . if you believe that , if you truly believe it ... would not you kill whoever stand between you and paradise ? the two man be silent for a moment . tyrion I know you love she . I love she , too . not as successfully as you . but I believe in she with all my heart . ( beat ) Love be more powerful than reason . we all know that . look at my brother . jon remember what aemon tell he so many year ago . jon '' Love be the death of duty . '' the word surprise tyrion . tyrion you just come up with that ? jon maester aemon say it . tyrion nod , think about it . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 13 . continued : ( 4 ) tyrion sometimes duty be the death of love . '' you be the shield that guard the realm of man . '' you have always try to do the right thing . always , no matter the cost , you have try to protect people . who be the great threat to the people now ? he let jon think about that for a moment . tyrion look old and weary as he admit the great failure of he life . tyrion you will not be able to hold she in check . you will not be able to guide she . I think I could . I think she would listen to I . I be wrong . ( beat ) you be the last hope . jon realize that tyrion be overtly ask he to turn on dany . jon I love she . tyrion I know . ( beat ) it 's a terrible thing I be ask . it 's also the right thing . ( beat ) you think I be the last man she 'il execute ? if you do not stop she , everyone who stand against she will share my fate . and who be more dangerous than the rightful heir to the Iron throne ? jon shake he head . he 's long past caring about himself or he personal safety . jon if that 's she decision ... she 's the queen . he look around the cell . jon I be sorry it come to this . he knock on the door of the cell and wait for the unsully to come get he . tyrion and you sister ? ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 14 . continued : ( 5 ) jon turn to look at tyrion . he do not care about he own skin but he sister -- that 's a very different matter . tyrion they be both as stubborn as they mother ever be . do you see they bend the knee ? sansa swear eternal loyalty to a queen she neither like nor trust ? jon 's response be neither convinced nor convincing : jon my sister will be loyal to the throne . we hear the footstep of the unsully approach the cell . tyrion why do you think sansa tell I the truth about you ? because she do not want dany to be queen -- jon she do not get to choose ! tyrion no . but you do . ( beat ) and you have to choose now . we hear the bolt slide and the door open . jon stare at tyrion for a beat and walk out . the door shut . the bolt slide . and tyrion wait . ext . red keep - ruins - day jon walk through the ruin of the Red keep . the approach to the throne room be line with unsully , dozen of they . none of they stop jon . they all know who he be , and what he mean to they queen . the red-and -black targaryen banner hang at regular interval . ext . red keep - outside the throne room - day turn a corner , jon arrive at the building that house the throne room . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 15 . continued : jon look up at the wreckage , then down to the entryway ; it look a bit like the frontage of a cathedral wreck in the blitz , surround by monumental chunks of fire - blacken masonry . but the door be intact . jon step forward , but stop . amidst the mountain of black rubble , drogon lie next to the entrance , clean he claw with he long tongue . he 's be hide in plain sight for much of this time , he dusty black scale almost a part of the rubble . jon take a deep breath and head for the door . drogon see he . he lift he head , block the way . the massive dragon stare at the diminutive man , study he with eye that seem just as intelligent as jon 's own . for a long , tense beat , drogon consider this suitor for he mother 's attention . his head come in close . he take a big sniff . jon be a friend , not a threat . drogon 's head snake away , back to he claw to resume he clean . jon walk past the dragon and into the keep . int . throne room - day dany stand in the throne room . it look just like it do in she vision , only the area behind the Iron throne have be destroy altogether . i.e. , no window behind throne , lannister or otherwise . the snow fall lightly through the collapse roof as she step past the pillar , down the central aisle . rubble from the fall roof be visible on the floor , cover in a layer of snow . for a few second , the conquer queen disappear and she look like a young girl again , entrance by the beauty of the moment , and the object of she great desire . it be right there . the reason for she long journey across two continent , the endless conflict , the death of she love one : the Iron throne . she slowly climb the snow - cover stair . she reach out to touch it , and hesitates . perhaps she remember the vision in which the throne be a temptation to avoid . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 16 . continued : but this be not a vision . this be real . she touch the arm of the throne , rest she hand on the cold metal where so many of she ancestor 's hand rest for so many century . she be stand directly in front of it . all she have to do be sit and the journey be complete . she turn to sit . in do so , she see jon enter the throne room . the throne can wait . she step down to meet he on the floor in front of the throne platform . dany be at ease for the first time in as long as we can remember . maybe the first time ever . she have win . she look back at the throne . dany when I be a girl , my brother tell I it be make with a thousand sword from aegon 's fall enemy . she smile at the memory as she turn back to jon . dany what do a thousand sword look like in the mind of a little girl who can not count to twenty ? I imagine a mountain of sword too high to climb . so many fall enemy you could only see the sole of aegon 's foot . ( beat ) but many year later , I see it . the real thing . jon how ? dany in a vision . the roof , the snow , the throne ... ( beat ) it all look exactly like this . in this room , at this very moment , the sense of dany 's destiny be pervasive . shatter its spell be difficult . but jon do , because he have to . jon I see they execute lannister prisoner in the street . they say they be act on you order . she can see that jon be deeply troubled . she do not condescend . on the contrary , she love he for it . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 17 . continued : ( 2 ) dany it be necessary . but dany have not see the thing jon have see , on the ground . jon have you be down there ? have you see ? dany have not . think about it , jon be shake . jon Children . Little child , burn . dany I try to make peace with cersei . and she use they innocence as a weapon against I . she think it would cripple I , leave I unable to do what need to be do . ( beat ) she leave I no choice . jon take this in . jon and tyrion ? dany he conspire behind my back with my enemy . how have you treat people who have do the same to you ? even when it break you heart ? jon forgive he . dany I can not . jon you can . you can forgive all of they . make they see that they make a mistake . make they understand . look at she , he need to believe be almost overwhelming . jon please , dany . she consider he plea for clemency for a long moment . but she can not grant it . dany we can not hide behind small mercy . the world we need will not be build by man loyal to the world we have . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 18 . continued : ( 3 ) jon the world we need be a world of mercy . it have to be . she start to close the gap between they . dany it will be . she take he hand . dany it 's not easy to see something that 's never be before . a good world . jon how do you know ? ( off she question look ) that it will be good ? dany because I know what be good . I know what be right . ( beat ) and so do you . jon shake he head . he 's near tear now , struggle to keep it together . jon I do not . dany you do . you have always know . he look into the eye of the woman he love . jon what about everyone else ? all the other people who think they know what 's good and right ? the fire of the conqueror flare in dany 's eye . dany they do not get to choose . jon understand what this mean for the people he love the most . she put she hand on he face . dany be with I , build the new world with I . this be we reason , it have be from the beginning . ( more ) ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 19 . continued : ( 4 ) dany ( cont 'd ) since you be a little boy with a bastard 's name , and I be a little girl who could not count to twenty . we do it together . we break the wheel together . jon nod . jon you be my Queen , now and always . stand before the Iron throne , dany step forward and kiss the man she love . a perfect kiss , a expression of pure love and passion . we push in on they until we be tight on they face -- they eye close , he hand behind she head , she hand on he cheek . dany 's eye open suddenly as she draw a sharp breath . jon 's eye open as well , already fill with tear . for a moment , neither move , as if move will make this real . in a wider angle , we see jon with he hand still on the hilt of the dagger he just lodge in dany 's heart . her strength leave she and she collapse to the marble ; he keep she in he arm as she fall , kneel down to the floor beside she . he look down at what he 's do . terrible . and necessary . he hope for one last moment with she . but she eye be already glaze over . Winter have come to the throne room . dany lie dead in he arm , pieta-style , as the snow drift down . jon bury he head next to hers and cry . his mourn be bring to a end by the sound of beat wing , come closer , and a great roar . jon look to the place the ceiling use to be , and see drogon wheeling in the sky , head for the throne room . drogon land before he , shaking the throne room 's foundation . his wing fall to he side , displace enough air that jon have to steel himself against the gust . jon do not flee . he have no interest in avoid death ; he have nothing leave to live for . he stand and step away from dany 's body . drogon move he head close to dany 's body . he sniff at she . he nudge she gently . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 20 . continued : ( 5 ) drogon 's huge brow lower and he pupil dilate as the worst be confirm . his lip raise over tooth as long as short sword . the dragon rise up on he hind leg , tower over jon . in a beautiful , terrifying tableaux , he roar to the sky , the embodiment of rage . he look down at jon . we see the fire build up in he throat . jon see it as well . he prepare to die . but the blast be not for he . drogon want to burn the world but he will not kill jon . he breathes fire on the back wall , blast down what remain of the great red block of stone . we look over jon 's shoulder as the fire sweep toward the throne -- not the target of drogon 's wrath , just a dumb bystander catch up in the conflagration . we look through the blade of the throne as the flame engulf it , and blast the wall behind it . we see the throne in the flame , turn red , then white , then beginning to lose its form . we get tight shot of the detail melting in silhouette : the armrest , the iconic fan of sword on the backrest . the fire stop . the smoke clear revealing a puddle of smoulder slag where the throne once stand . who will sit on the Iron throne ? no one . drogon turn back to dany 's lifeless body and delicately gather she up with a claw . with heavy thrust of he wing , drogon take to the air , and fly away through the miss roof . jon watch he recede , with he mother 's corpse in he grasp . ext . sky over king be landing - day we follow drogon over the ruin city with dany 's lifeless body clutch in he claw . he head out toward the eastern sky , fly over blackwater Bay . it 's not a dusky beauty shot ; it 's gray and lifeless , as befit a funeral . we fade to black . game of throne '' the Iron throne " 21 . int . tyrion 's cell - day tyrion be in a proper cell now , as befit a condemn man . the intervene week have be hard one ; he have not sleep , bath or eat well in a long time . his beard be longer , he hair matte down and filthy . he sit on the ground in the half light and think about the enormity of all that have happen , and he role in it . he have no plan , no want , no desire to effect change or avoid suffer . he fail . he be finish . the bolt slide and the door open . grey Worm have come for he , with four unsully . he do not tell tyrion where he be go , and tyrion do not ask . int . red keep corridor - day grey Worm lead a manacle tyrion down Red keep corridor with the unsully behind they . be tyrion head to he own death ? he ’1ll find out soon enough . tyrion walk toward we . ext . dragon pit entry tunnel - day in the entryway to the dragonpit , tyrion walk between two line of unsully with grey Worm still at he side . [ the number of unsully have grow , to about 20 . ] tyrion look at the crumble wall rise up on either side of he , still patch with snow on the top . the landscape be show sign of a thaw . week have pass since the day of dany 's assassination . tyrion look to grey Worm , who stare straight ahead . tyrion face forward as they emerge into the dragonpit . ext . dragon pit - continuous the most powerful lord and lady of westeros be here , represent all Seven kingdom , sit in similar circumstance to the summit meeting in 707 , though array in a semicircle . when they see tyrion and the unsully , they all stand . the tension be palpable . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 22 . continued : present be : the Lady of winterfell and wardenness of the North , sansa stark , who sit in the middle of the semicircle . Arya and bran stark sit to she right . to she leave : the onion knight , davos . the Lord of the vale and warden of the East , robin arryn , with lord royce beside he . the Lady of the Iron Islands , yara greyjoy . the Lord of the stormland and warden of the South , gendry baratheon . the lord of the riverlands , edmure tully . the new prince of dorne . brienne of tarth . samwell tarly . a smatter of nd lord . and behind they all , and on either side , lining the wall of the dragonpit : sixty unsully . a show of force that leave no doubt as to who control King 's landing . grey Worm lead tyrion up onto the platform . for a moment there be silence . tyrion and sansa look at each other for a beat before sansa sit . the other lord follow suit . she turn to grey Worm . sansa where be jon ? grey worm we have he . he be we prisoner . sansa so be Lord tyrion . they be both to be bring to this gather . grey worm we will decide what we do with we prisoner . this be we city now . sansa if you look outside the wall of you city , you will find thousand of northmen who will explain to you why harm jon snow be not in you interest . grey worm and you will find thousand of unsully who believe that it be . some murmur of support . and some dissent . yara stand : yara some of you may be quick to forgive . the ironborn be not . I swore to follow daenery targaryen . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 23 . continued : ( 2 ) sansa you swore to follow a tyrant . yara she freed we from a tyrant . cersei be go because of she . and jon snow put a knife in she heart . let the unsully give he what he deserve . arya say another word about kill my brother and I ’1l1 cut you throat . yara open she mouth to respond but see the look on Arya 's face . yara be as tough as they come , but Arya -- Arya 's different . she sit as davos stand . davos Friends . please . we have be cut each other 's throat long enough . ( to grey Worm ) torgo nudho ... be I say that properly ? grey Worm just stare back at he , give he nothing . davos if it be not for you and you man , we would have lose the war with the dead . this country owe you a debt we can never repay . ( beat ) but let we try . he look to the man and woman around he , then proceed with the proposition they have discuss . davos there 's land in the reach , good land . the people who use to live there be go . make it you own . start you own House , with the unsully as you bannerman . ( beat ) we have have enough war . thousands of you , thousand of they ... you know how it end . we need to find a better way . grey worm we do not need payment . we need justice . all of we who owe we life and freedom to daenery stormborn need justice . ( more ) ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 24 . continued : ( 3 ) grey worm ( cont 'd ) jon snow kill we Queen . he can not go free . tyrion it 's not for you to decide . this be the first word tyrion have speak . everyone turn to look at he . grey worm you be not here to speak . everyone have hear enough word from you . tyrion you be right . and no one 's any the better for it . ( beat ) but it 's not for you to decide . sansa be pleased , until he turn to she : tyrion and it 's not for you to decide , either . sansa who , then ? tyrion the rightful ruler of westeros . jon snow commit he crime here . his fate be for we king to decide . or we queen . royce we do not have a king or queen . tyrion 's gaze pass over the assemble lord and lady . tyrion you be the most powerful people in westeros . choose one . tyrion look up at he keeper , grey Worm . grey Worm do not trust anything tyrion say or do . but he look to the lord and lady . grey worm make you choice , then . everyone look at everyone else . this be not what they come here to do . but they do not appear to have any better option . edmure stand proudly . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 25 . continued : ( 4 ) edmure my lord and lady . I suppose this be the most important moment of we life . what we decide today will reverberate through the annal of history . I stand before you as one of the senior lord in the country , a veteran of two war . I would like to think my experience have lead to some small skill in statecraft and - sansa uncle . edmure be a little annoyed to be cut off in mid-flow , especially by he niece . sansa please sit . edmure can not quite believe what he 's see , but the chuckle and suppress grin of the other lord make he realize that he newborn hope of be king be just squash by a girl . he sit . a tense silence as various lord and lady glance around the circle , wonder who will vie for power next . royce we have to choose someone . samwell why just we ? everyone look at samwell . he stand uncomfortably , steel himself and soldier on . samwell we represent all the great house . but whomever we choose , they will not just rule over lord and lady . maybe the decision about what 's best for everyone should be leave to ... well , everyone . the attend lord and lady stare at he for a incredulous moment before break out into laughter . edmure maybe we should give the dog a vote as well . royce I will ask my horse ! they laugh at Sam until he sit back down . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 26 . continued : ( 5 ) edmure ( to tyrion ) I suppose you want the crown ? tyrion I ? the imp ? half the people hate I for serve daenery . the other half hate I for betray she . I can not think of a worse choice . davos who , then ? tyrion have no immediate answer . no one else do , either . grey Worm grow impatient . tyrion I have have nothing to do but think this past few week . about we bloody history . about the mistake we have make . he look from face to face . tyrion what unite people ? army ? gold ? flag ? ( shaking he head ) story . there be nothing in the world more powerful than a good story . nothing can stop it , no enemy can defeat it . ( beat ) and who have a better story than bran the Broken ? with astonishment , all the gather lord turn to look at bran , sit in he wheelchair . sansa and Arya look more shocked than anyone . bran do not look shocked . simply uninterested . but that do not bother tyrion . tyrion the boy who fall from a high tower and live . he know he have never walk again . so he learn to fly . all of the gather lord and lady study bran as tyrion speak . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 27 . continued : ( 6 ) tyrion he cross beyond the Wall -- a crippled boy -- and become the Three eyed raven . he be we memory , the keeper of all we storey -- all the tragedy , all the comedy , the war , the wedding and birth and massacre and famine . we triumph . we defeat . we past . ( beat ) who better to lead we into the future ? as tyrion speak , bran look down at the armrest of he wheelchair . a tiny pill bug crawl along the wood . sansa bran have no interest in ruling . and he can not father child . bran put he hand down and let the bug crawl into he palm . tyrion good . he ’1ll never thrust he awful spawn upon we to rule after he die . tyrion look up at grey Worm , still stand next to he . tyrion that be the wheel we queen want to break . as much as grey Worm hate it , he know tyrion be at least partly right . tyrion from now on , when a monarch die , the lord of westeros can gather on this spot and pick the next one , just as we be do now . nod all around display general consensus on this notion . tyrion look at bran . tyrion I know you do not want it . I know you do not care about power . but I ask you now : if we choose you , will you wear the crown ? will you lead the Seven kingdom , to the best of you ability , from this day until you last day ? bran set he hand back on the arm rest and let the pill bug crawl off and resume he journey . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 28 . continued : ( 7 ) finally bran look around , at all the important people wait to hear he decision . he look at tyrion . bran do not really smile anymore but there be the smallest hint of amusement on he face as he answer . bran why do you think I come all this way ? a strange response but tyrion have come to expect strange answer from bran . tyrion to brandon of House Stark , first of he name , I say : aye . tyrion look around the circle . edmure be still be miff he be not give serious consideration , but he expect he will have influence at court if he crippled nephew be ruling . edmure aye . gendry be happy to go along . gendry aye . yara have hear that she brother die defend bran . she know this choice would make theon happy . yara aye . brienne be a Stark loyalist and represent House tarth . brienne aye . davos I be not sure I get a vote . but aye . one by one , the lord of westeros express they support for bran . tyrion be very pleased . finally , it come to sansa . she do not address tyrion . she turn and speak directly to bran . sansa I love you , little brother . I always will . you 'il be a good king . ( beat ) but ten of thousand of northmen fall in the great War , defend all of westeros . ( more ) ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 29 . continued : ( 8 ) sansa ( cont 'd ) and that who survive have see too much and fight too hard ever to kneel again . ( beat ) the North will remain a independent kingdom , as it be for thousand of year . Arya smile . tyrion be stunne but also a little impressed . he look to bran . everyone in attendance , the most powerful man and woman in westeros , they all look to they new king , eager to see how he handle the first crisis of he reign . bran watch sansa for a beat . he nod . tyrion look around for objection or further secession . yara ? gendry ? edmure ? none of they speak . tyrion all hail bran the Broken , first of he name , King of the andal and the first Men , Lord of the six kingdom , and protector of the realm . all stand and shout bran 's name : all all hail bran the Broken ! for the first time in a long time , tyrion dare to feel a tiny bit good about something . until : bran Lord tyrion . you will be my Hand . tyrion truly hate this suggestion . tyrion no , you grace . I do not want it . bran and I do not want to be king . tyrion I do not deserve it . I think I be wise , but I be not . I think I know what be right , but I do not . choose ser davos , choose anyone else ... ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 30 . continued : ( 9 ) bran I choose you . grey Worm protest : grey worm you cannot . bran yes I can . I be King . grey Worm pull a still - manacle tyrion closer . grey worm this man be a criminal . he deserve justice . bran he just get it . he 's make many terrible mistake . he 's go to spend the rest of he life fix they . grey Worm be not sell . he look right at bran . grey worm it be not enough . tyrion look to bran as well . his life depend on the new king 's response to this impasse . int . cell - dusk jon look rag . he have not sleep , have not eat , have not bath . he look like a man who do not care whether he life or die . tyrion have be explain the outcome of the kingsmoot to jon , who barely seem to listen . tyrion give you to the unsully for execution would start a war . letting you walk free would start a war . tyrion wait but jon do not look at he . tyrion so we new king have choose to send you to the night 's watch . jon there 's still a night 's watch ? ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " continued : tyrion just because winter 's over do not mean it will not come again . you shall take no wife , hold no land , father no child . ( beat ) the unsully want you head , of course . but grey Worm have accept the justice of a life sentence . ( beat ) sansa and Arya want you freed , but they understand we king have to make peace . ( beat ) no one 's very happy . which mean it 's a good compromise , I suppose . tyrion step closer to jon . tyrion the world will always need a home for bastard and break man . jon nod . jon be it right ? tyrion stare at jon , not quite sure he understand . jon what I do . tyrion what we do . jon it do not feel right . tyrion think about it . tyrion ask I in ten year . he hold out he hand . jon shake he hand . jon I do not expect we will ever see each other again . tyrion smile as he head for the door . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 32 . continued : ( 2 ) tyrion I would not be so sure . a few year as Hand of the King will make anyone want to piss off the edge of the world . ext . red keep battlement - day jon exit the tower that once be he prison . two night 's watchmen wait for he . his escort to he life sentence at the Wall . together , they walk along the battlement . jon stop to look down on blackwater Bay , far beneath he , and see the remain ship of dany 's fleet . most be anchore , a few be still sailing in . from this vantage point , we can see the remain unsully wait to board with characteristic orderliness . the remain dothraki do the same ; they have dismounted they horse , and walk they up gangplanks . ext . king be landing - dock - day at sea level now , jon pass a couple of dothraki lead they horse . he look up to a ship deck and see grey Worm . [ jon continue walk , follow by he night 's watch guard . ] they make eye contact . jon do not say or do anything ; he know grey Worm hate he more than any man alive , and he understand why . grey Worm turn away without acknowledge jon . ext . ship 's deck - day grey Worm walk to the helm . in the background , he man ( not wear helmet ) , raise the sail , pull in the gangplank , etc . a unsullied captain ( no helmet ) speak to he in valyrian . unsullied captain uni vali lis va loghor . ( all the man have board . ) grey worm syz. ( good . ) grey Worm stare out towards the horizon . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 33 . continued : grey worm suli va vo ajo naath . ( we sail for the Isle of naath . ) the Captain nod and go off to carry out he order , leave grey Worm alone with he thought . ext . private beach - day jon walk across the small beach , follow by the night 's watch guard . from behind , we can see the Stark sibling stand on the distant dock . ext . private dock - day jon stand in front of sansa . he have not entirely forgiven she for betray the oath he make she swear in the godswood . sansa I wish there have be another way . ( beat ) I be sorry it have to be you . jon nod . he know she love he . he know she only want what 's best for the North . but still ... sansa can you forgive I ? he hesitates . jon the North be free , thanks to you . she accept the compliment . sansa but they have lose they true king . jon ned Stark 's daughter will speak for they . she 's the best they could ask for . jon and sansa embrace . over sansa 's shoulder , jon see Arya cry . she have not cry in year but she do now , for the brother she always love most . he let go of sansa to embrace Arya , and she hug he fiercely . he wipe she tear away . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " continued : jon you can come and see I , you know , at Castle Black . arya I can not . 34 . misunderstand what she mean , jon manage a slight smile for he little sister . jon you think anyone will dare tell you woman be not allow ? but he misunderstand she : arya I be not go back north . News to jon and sansa both . sansa where be you go ? arya what 's west of westeros ? jon and sansa look at each other . they both fail geography . jon I do not know . arya no one know . it 's where the map stop . that 's where I be go . jon be not prepare for this . this be the last time he will ever see he favorite sibling . jon you have you needle ? it 's right there on she hip . she show he . jon wherever you go , I be right there beside you . jon kiss Arya on she forehead . lastly , he step over to bran , kneel before the king 's wheelchair and bow he head . jon you grace . ( beat ) I be sorry I be not there when you need I . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 35 . continued : ( 2 ) bran you be exactly where you be suppose to be . hard to argue with omniscience . jon stand and walk to the skiff that 's wait for he at the end of the pier . two sailor be there to row it , accompany by the two night 's watchmen . jon climb in . together , sansa , Arya and bran watch they brother recede , as he head toward the ship that will carry he to eastwatch by the Sea . int . red keep - kingsguard chamber - day the cover of the White Book smack the table , as brienne flip it open . wearing she new kingsguard uniform , brienne page through the book . we see the name on the page : ser Duncan the tall . ser Arthur dayne . ser barristan selmy . finally , she find it : ser Jaime lannister . Jaime 's page be brief and unfinish , as it be the last time we see it . brienne dip a quill in ink and begin to write , to finish the rest of Jaime 's story . we watch she face as she do , and catch snippet of she write : ... take riverrun without loss of life ... outwitted the targaryen force to seize highgarden ... fight the Army of the Dead at winterfell ... die protect he Queen . brienne take a moment to think about a man she both hate and love , often at the same time . then she collect herself , she duty do . she have somewhere important to be . she close the White Book . int . SMALL council chamber - day tyrion enter along the colonnade . the council chamber be empty , as be the map room . he look out at the map , he sister 's plan for world domination , smashed to piece where the fall masonry hit . then he turn and step into the council chamber . he look at the Hand emblem on the chair at the far side of the table . then down at the same emblem pin to he chest . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 36 . continued : he sit in the Hand 's chair . how the fuck do this happen ? how the fuck do he end up here , alive , with power he no longer want or believe he deserve ? he glance around at the other chair surround the table . hmm . he stand up and do some rearranging . he 's not be theatrical about it like the time he drag the chair to annoy cersei . he just want everything to be right this time . hear approach footstep , he sit do again in the Hand chair . the rest of the council arrive : samwell tarly , bronn , davos . he nod at they , and they nod back as they head to they seat . davos sit to tyrion 's leave , next to two empty chair . across from davos , bronn sit next to another two empty chair . samwell carry a book . he wear the grandmaester robe and a chain with a single heal link . tyrion what 's this ? Sam drop the book down in front of tyrion , its title emboss on its leather cover : a song of Ice and Fire . samwell a song of Ice and Fire . tyrion take the book in hand . samwell archmaester ebrose 's history of the war follow the death of King Robert . ( beat ) I help he with the title . tyrion flip the book open and grin ruefully . tyrion I suppose I come in for some heavy criticism . samwell I would not say that . tyrion be surprised and gratify . tyrion he 's kind to I ? well . I never would have guess . he clock Sam 's nervous expression , and be confuse . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 37 . continued : ( 2 ) tyrion he be not kind . samwell he ... Sam be not sure how to put it . tyrion he what ? what do he say about I ? samwell I do not believe you be mention . tyrion page through the book to verify he absence therein . God dammit ! hear approach footstep and the squeaking of wheel , tyrion close the book . brienne and King bran enter . a kingsguard push bran , and two more follow behind they . brienne wear no helmet , but the other three do . everyone stand as they wheel bran to the head of the table . everyone you grace . everyone sit . brienne sit down next to bran . he survey the table . bran we appear to be miss a master of Whisperer . and a master of law . and a master of War . tyrion yes , you grace . Suitable prospect will be bring to you for a audience in the come week . bran and drogon ? any word ? samwell he be last spot fly east . bronn the farther away the better . bran perhaps I can find he . do carry on with the rest . that 's weird . but so be the new king . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 38 . continued : ( 3 ) tyrion as you wish , you grace . brienne ser podrick ? one of the kingsguard step forward : podrick payne , in a kingsguard uniform . he pull bran away from the head of the table , and they all rise . tyrion we serve at you pleasure , King bran the Broken , ruler of the six kingdom and protector of the realm . with a sloppy lack of unison the group say : all Long may he reign . tyrion smile apologetically at the young king . tyrion that will improve . bran smile slightly and nod . bran I be sure it will . pod swing he around and push he from the room . exit bran . everyone sit back down . look around the table , tyrion get down to business . tyrion ser bronn of the blackwater , Lord of highgarden , Lord paramount of the reach and master of coin -- would you say the crown 's debt to you have be pay ? bronn in full , my Lord Hand . tyrion good . time to start incur a new one . we have hungry people to feed . can we expect some assistance in this regard ? bronn indeed we can . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 39 . continued : ( 4 ) tyrion Lord davos , we have a armada to rebuild and port to repair . davos we have . ( look at bronn ) this project will begin at once , as soon as the master of coin and Lord of lofty titles provide funding . bronn the master of coin look forward to help the master of ship . but first he have to insure we be not waste coin , or soon there will not be no more coin . davos any more . bronn you master of Grammar now , too ? move on : tyrion grandmaester , it be my theory , base on my year of work on the casterly rock sewer , that clean water lead to a healthier population . Sam agree and begin to expound . samwell I have do some research on this subject [ and it turn out ] -- bronn interrupt . bronn the strong live and the weak do not . tyrion ( ignore bronn ) let 's find the best builder and set they to the task . we begin to drift away from the table as this smart , experience people plan a better future . bronn speak of builder ... all the best brothel burn down . the master of coin be willing to fund reconstruction . ( continued ) game of throne '' the Iron throne " 40 . continued : ( 5 ) brienne give he a disapprove look . we pull back through the column , and across the rubble - cover map room . samwell archmaester ebrose be less than enthusiastic about the salutary effect of brothel . bronn I imagine he be not use they properly . brienne I think we can all agree that ship take precedence over brothel . bronn I think that be a very presumptuous statement . tyrion you know , I once bring a jackass and a honeycomb into a brothel ... ext . the wall / castle black - day spring be come , and it be slowly start to warm up . the Wall weep , as the temperature rise above freezing for the first time in many month . look down the Wall to Castle Black , three rider approach the castle gate . ext . castle black gate - day a NW brother open the gate of Castle Black to find a mount jon snow and he companion . from atop he horse , jon see who be wait for he on the balcony where Lord Commander mormont use to stand : tormund . jon and he companion enter the courtyard , and the gate close behind they . int . castle black chamber - day longclaw in its scabbard . jon 's hand reach into frame and take it from the table . game of throne '' the Iron throne " 4l . int . ship cabin - day hand fasten a sword belt around a waist -- but the sword in the belt be needle , not longclaw , and the hand belong to Arya ( we do not see she face ) . Match cut on she hand to int . winterfell chamber - day a leather glove slide onto sansa 's hand with the aid of a attendant . from here we move to shot of other costume piece be put on sansa by the attendant , include leather armor piece . we do not see sansa 's face . int . castle black chamber - day jon put the last item in he pack and fasten it shut . we see a bit more of he , but at a oblique angle and / or shroud in shadow . int . ship cabin - day we see where Arya be for the first time : below deck on a ship . we see she obliquely as well , as she turn to the stair and the light above . int . winterfell chamber - day we tilt down on sansa as the final piece of she costume be put on . when the dresser step away , we see sansa unobstructed for the first time . sansa stand , lift she head from frame , and we match cut to int . castle black chamber - day as jon put on he cloak , we tilt up from he torso to he face . once again , he wear all black . it always be he color . he step forward , and we pan with he as he wipe camera into int . winterfell corridor - day we follow sansa down a winterfell corridor . ext . castle black walkway - day we follow jon down a Castle Black walkway . game of throne '' the Iron throne " 42 . int . ship corridor - day we follow Arya down a ship 's corridor , up the stair toward the light . ext . ship 's deck - continuous Arya emerge into the sunlight into a close up . she take in the scene for a beat , then step forward . int . winterfell great hall - day we be behind sansa as she turn the corner into a room full of Northern lord . she regards she new subject as she approach they . ext . castle black MAIN courtyard - day jon walk down the last few stair to the ground level , where the last of the free folk await he : a few hundred man , woman and child . jon step forward into the sea of wait face . there be no suspicion in that face , and no awe . only trust . the night 's watch use to hunt they , but they will follow this night 's watchman . we follow jon in profile as he pass through the wildling to he leave and he right ( closer to camera ) . we match cut on they pass vertical shape to ext . ship 's deck - day Arya proceeding in profile down the deck , past dechhand , ship 's mast and rigging . a similar match cut to int . great hall - day sansa , as she move down the center of the great Hall , with northern lord on either side of she . as she pass they , they drop to one knee and bow they head . ext . castle black courtyard - day overhead shot tracking jon 's progress through the wildling . ext . ship 's deck - day match overhead shot of Arya , as she approach the bow . game of throne '' the Iron throne " 43 . int . great hall - day match overhead shot of sansa , as she approach the throne at the end of the room . ext . castle black courtyard - day jon meet up with tormund who be already on horseback . someone else be wait for he as well here : ghost . the wolf nuzzle 's jon 's face , and he pet the scruff of ghost 's neck . then jon take he horse from the night 's watchman hold it , and mount up . int . castle black tunnel - day in a shot mirrore the first image of the pilot , we see jon and tormund through the grate of the tunnel as the gate rise , from a Pov inside the tunnel . [ we do not see the wildling behind they . ] ext . ship 's deck - day on the bow of the ship , Arya step into frame and look west . the Arya who leave for braavos be still a girl . this be a different person altogether . she have be no one . she have be Arya Stark of winterfell . who will she be next ? we wrap around Arya and pull back down the deck as she ship sail west . int . great hall - day in contrary motion to the above pull - back , we push down the aisle as someone put a crown on sansa 's head . on either side of the camera , the lord rise to they foot and raise they sword to the ceiling . northern lord the Queen in the North ! the Queen in the North ! the Queen in the North ! we clear the lord and continue to move into a close up of sansa 's face . the Queen in the North . game of throne '' the Iron throne " 44 , ext . tunnel - day in a two shot that mirror another shot from the pilot , jon and tormund wait for the gate to finish open . we see they emerge from the tunnel . thing still look very similar to the pilot shot , except ghost be with they . then some free folk step into the fg , follow they . overhead , from the top of the wall , we see more emerge , follow jon and tormund . and in a much wider side angle : jon and tormund with hundred of free folk follow behind they , walk away from the Wall . many child be amongst they . they all cross the no man 's land between the Wall and the northern forest . patch of grass show through what use to be freeze tundra . ghost lope out ahead of jon , as jon ride toward camera . tormund ride beside he , and the last of the free folk be behind they . jon and company ride away from camera . as ghost , jon and the rest cross the treeline , we slowly pull back , and watch they disappear into the forest . end of season 8 end of game of throne