" the adventure of Ford fairlane , " early draft , by Daniel Waters ford fairlane screenplay by Dan Waters Story by jay cappe & Dave arnott base on a character created by rex Weiner a Silver picture production May 1,1989 [ note : the hard copy of this script contained scene number . these have not be retained for this soft ( text ) copy .] ext . enigmatic body of water - sunset the viewer' viewpoint breathlessly glide over a body of water . int . helicopter dressing room bobby vomit charge through what seem to be a typically - deliciously - trash dress room , bark into a phone headgear apparatus . his wire rim glass amusingly con - trast with he traditional rock star look of shoulder - length blond hair and red-tank - top-over - black -spandex . his pace reveal a helicopter pilot in the b.g. , fly the dress room . vomit wha-at !... no , no , I can not do it tomorrow . I be taping a rock against drug spot . it 's important to I ... vomit savagely snort into a vial of crystal methe . behind he , a big blanket on a couch rise up , become a giggle lump . pilot ( o.s. ) five minute , mister vomit . vomit thanks , man ... do not worry , johnny , I have it with I now . I will just put it in a little protection program . he can not stop we , man , no way . vomit rip off he headgear and look to a purse on the couch just as the purse 's owner , a cancer -cure beauty wear nothing but a oversize I ( picture of a heart ) Black vomit T-shirt , burst out from under the blanket , sip from a pink bottle of wine cooler . her name be zuzu petal . zuzu peek-a-boo ! vomit now , Zuzu , do not I tell you to lay off the cooler ? Zuzu giggle away as vomit slither down to kiss she . while maneuver he lip , he reach out to Zuzu 's purse . ext . water - sunset the viewer' viewpoint finally glide past the water out over a dam , where , at the base , be thousand of scream fan . a stage have be build atop the dam amid spooky industrial art design . ext . dam the helicopter , equip with a warpe logo and the word black vomit , swooshes to a halt above the stage where a band be rabidly pound away . the chopper begin to descend upon a makeshift " backstage area " to the side of the stage . crowd of thousand vomit ! vomit ! vomit ! int . dressing room holding Zuzu 's purse behind he back , Bobby vomit bob back up . Zuzu take a dainty sip from she wine cooler , babbling softly in a lose battle with consciousness . vomit open the purse and pull a compact disc from he spandex . the cover read Black vomit 's greatest Hit and have a red number one on it . zuzu so I have this dream , right . you guy be do that song , 'I Love you more than my own death , ' right , when all of a sudden this penguin come on stage and tell the audience that I use to wet my bed . and that I enjoy it . it be so real ... how ' bout a kiss , Bobby ? vomit ( close Zuzu 's purse ) sure . Babe . Zuzu drowsily raise she head , eye close , and adorably pucker up . vomit toss she purse smack dab into she face and lip with a bonk . Zuzu react with a dreamy smile and curl into a sleep fetal position . vomit turn to stare out at he scream fan and then down to the " backstage area , " zeroing in on a eccentrically , but stylishly , dress man in sunglass . ext . backstage area - night ( SUN have set ) the man be julian grendel . the soundtrack suddenly ig - nore the band to go into grendel 's mind where elegant classical music be playing . he wryly murmur to himself as the reflection on he sunglass go from the scream crowd to the landing chopper . grendel vomit . vomit. vomit . the inner classical music cut off as Bobby vomit bound out from the ' copter , a skip Zuzu in tow . vomit and grendel exchange cold smile . Julian grendel be deaf ; the sound of he speech be perverse in a inter - esting way . grendel Nice of you to drop by , mister vomit . vomit please do not spank I , mister grendel . vomit pleasantly walk behind grendel and then wield around , screeching into the back of he boss 's head . vomit drown in hell , you deaf motherfucker ! grendel turn around with a smile . grendel stick and stone ... vomit but I think you could not hear ? grendel oh Robert ( row -bare ) , you be so predictable , I do not have to . vomit seethes off to a nearby roadie hold a big drum of goo , fling off he wire rim glass . vomit let 's do it , man . the roadie begin pour the goo over Bobby 's head . stage the audience explode in a flurry of cheer as ... announcer ( v.o. ) welcome , slut and pervert , I give you , Black vomit ! Bobby vomit stroll onto the stage -- and he 's on fire . cover from head to toe by lick flame -- a heavy metal human torch . two roadies with fire extinguishers fo-o- osh out the inferno that be the rock star 's body . another roadie toss he a mike . vomit smolder a bit -- transparent goo ooze over he body . vomit ( calmly ) hello , L.A. the crowd riot as the band break in with they question - able but aggressively state definition of music . Bobby vomit wail he way through a toxic first verse . he stop sing to spasm to he guitarist 's solo . he relift he microphone and uh , he choke , make gurgl - ing sound as if something be try to crawl out of he body . the crowd sound like all ten thousand of they be in labor -- they love this . Julian grendel take off he sunglass with a scared expression . vomit 's face turn red as he thrashes about the stage bashing down amp and barb wire set design . vomit ! vomit ! vomit ! the band start miss note , look around . this do not seem to be part of the act . dribble a crimson tide , Bobby vomit fall to he knee with a final scream of earthly existence . a final stream of blood roll from he mouth down the white dam to the crowd who have reach a new level of frenzy beyond the limit of human comprehension . ext . hottest club in los angele - later in night the viewer' viewpoint track down a line of man and woman stand outside the roll - royce of nightclub . the desperate- to- get - in crowd be dress - to- kill - be - kill - and - kill again . at the front of the line , the overly rich and gorgeous thrust and screech over the velvet rope as a stoic doorman , stand before glass door , use all the zen he can to tune they out . doorman you people be disgusting . do not you remember the Roman empire ? Pov - ruckus at door the doorman and the frenzied would - be patron turn to the viewer and go silent and motionless . int . the club - at bar precariously - situate atop barstool be two very short club owner , jaime and larry , dress almost identically , look out into they club . a man in a black hat , sit between they , turn to sneer ... man in hat so who the hell be this Ford fairlane fuck ? jaime guy 's a rock star who do not play a note of music . carry a gun instead of a guitar ... be I right , Larry ? larry be not always a detective though , Jaime . start out do every shit job in the biz ; chauffeur , roadie , publicist , phil spector 's bodyguard ... man in hat if I want a biography , I would eat a librarian . what do he look like ? jaime and larry like that ... glass entrance door handsome and intimidating , the viewer get they first clear view of ford fairlane as the doorman swing open the glass door allow a classical head - turn entrance into the state - of - the - art club . ford hey , spike , I be sorry to hear about you cat . that u.p.s. truck be pretty wick . doorman thanks , man . ford if you need somebody to talk to ... Ford move deeper into the club and light up he seventieth cig of the day and take in the la dolce vita ambience . a band rock out with a attractive , bizarrely - dress female lead singer . a mirthful club gal get a look at Ford and stop laugh . she pull away from she suitor to slap Ford with a growl . club gal you son-of -a-bitch ! ford whoa . another satisfied customer . the Club gal storm back into the arm of she suitor while Ford wiggle life back into he head . Ford scope the table around he . his viewpoint halt at a man with red hair . a bouncer break he concentration . bouncer Ford , I gotta ask you to put that out , dude . nobody smoke anymore . Ford fling he hand down with a quick motion and rub at the carpet with he foot . the bouncer smile and walk away . Ford lift back up he hand , revealing that the cigarette never leave it . he take a drag with a grin until a hand slap the cigarette into he face . it 's the twin sister of the Club gal who slap he two minute ago , in a different outfit . twin sister what go for my sister , go double for I . do not you remember the jacuzzi , Laurel Canyon , the gun and rose video wrap party . ford ( smile , come back to he ) yeah , yeah ... but you be not identical . twin sister you say you would call we ... ford let I give you my number , it 's 555-6023 . twin sister thanks ! wait . 555 's not a real number . they only use it in the movie ... Ford slyly walk off , hold up he arm to the decadence around he . ford what in the fuck do you think this be ? Real life ? at bar Jaime , Larry and the angry , anxious man in the hat watch on . man in hat that 's fairlane ! he do not look so tough . larry yeah , well , just do not call he Mr. rock -n-roll detective ... ford in thoroughfare two drunken college boy thwap a unhappy Ford on the back . drunken boy # 1 Ford fairlane , Mr. rock -n-roll detective ! drunken boy # 2 let we buy you a drink , dudeski . ford ( hold back a physical response ) you two loony guy , what be you name ? Neal and Bob ? or be that what you do ? tell I , be you drive home tonight ? drunken boy # 1 uh , yeah . ford go-o-o-d ... Don ! Ford shift away from the College boy and into a seat at the table of don cleveland , a suave and amiable black record producer . ford so many asshole , so few bullet . don damn , Ford , you be the most cynical man in the industry and that 's not easy . ford I be not cynical . can I help it that life be a disease and everyone 's a victim . so you be produce exclusively for grendel record now . hope you be take Julian for a bundle . don man , ever since old Jack grendel die , Julian have get I into one yummy gig after the other . not only be I produce , he 's get I in some lovely - bullshit- money - money executive position . what be you look at ... Ford be look off to another man with red hair . ford some redhead 's be harass that all - girl group , the ovary . hanging out at they concert say he want to rape and kill they and not in that order . cop will not do anything until he actually do something . a killer- cute nymph , melodi , in a tight - tight dress bubbles up . melodi you be that guy , the private eye . ford you be a poet and do not know it . melodi do you really know everybody in the industry ? ford only on a first name basis . melodi that 's cute . you be funny . ford that 's funny , you be cute . melodi you hear that Bobby vomit o.d. would , right ? do you suspect foul play and stuff ? ford I will tell you when somebody pay I to give a shit and stuff . melodi sweetly hand Ford a napkin with she phone number on it . melodi my name 's melodi , as in 'a pretty girl be like a. ' whatever you be do tomorrow ... cancel . melodi wink and walk off . Don stare in awe . Ford blow he nose in the napkin . don you gotta shave before you leave the house in a dress like that and I do not mean you leg . why do not you jump on she ? what 's happen to you ? ford I guess I be not interested in any club who will have my member as a member . later , Don ... Ford scan to Jaime , Larry and the man in the hat at the bar . Ford stand and begin weaving between table . he look to the attractive singer onstage . see Ford , she lose she place in the song . she give off a scowl to Ford and then continue sing . bar Jaime and Larry see Ford approach . Larry turn to the bartender . larry you better have that vodka milkshake do . here come Mr. rock -n-roll detec -- hi , Ford . the bartender nervously pour a blenderful of vanilla milkshake into a ornate fountain glass and then add a huge dose of absolut , along with a maraschino . he then light the vodka shake afire as Ford reach the bar , blow it out , and slurp . ford not thick enough , but better . you be definitely get better , Harry . ( turn to Jaime and Larry ) hey , if it be not mutt ... and mutt . who 's you friend ? jaime just some guy name Sam ... man with hat yeah , I be just some guy name Sam , asswipe . ford remind I of that song by the all - girl group , the ovary , ' some guy eat reindeer . ' what. A. tune ! but what 's that lead singer 's name . I be draw a fuck blank here ... man with hat ( suddenly very frenetic ) it 's stuh -- sta -- sta -- stac -- as the man with hat stutter like the fanatic he be , Ford casually knock off he hat revealing weird streak of red hair . Ford smile , turn to the bar , and take a last sip from he shake before smash the fountain glass into the face of the stutter Sam , send he off he barstool . the sleazebag leap up like a wild animal and swing he fist at Ford . Ford grab onto the fly fist , stop it dead . Sam sharply swing he other fist around , but Ford grab this one , too , lock they into a Arthur Murray lesson position . ford shall we da -ance ? Ford heave the fanatic into a nearby table . the fanatic drop on all four and crawl under the table . a chuckle Ford stroll between the table . Sam crawl out from under one table and make under the long tablecloth of another . the crowd have take a active interest , but the band continue to play . ford so finally get a tip that pay off . why can not you sleazebags who harass woman take ' no ' for a answer ? I mean , hey , it 's never happen to I personally ... Ford lift up the tablecloth . the sleazebag fanatic be not there . Ford bob back up with a puzzle expression and put a cigarette in he mouth . Ford bring out a lighter as the fanatic suddenly materialize behind he . Sam grab a huge glass candle holder from one of the table and smashes off the end of it , cause a jag edge . the band stop play as the candle sizzle in Sam 's hand . SAM the sleazebag ( man with hat ) last ... dance ... Mr. rock -n-roll detective . ford ( cigarette fall from mouth ) great . Sam the sleazebag flail the jag candleholder at Ford , who swerve away and connect with a savage kick to the groin , which Sam enjoy . SAM the sleazebag thank you . Sam swing out again , but this time connect with a slash to Ford 's chin . Ford be more annoyed than hurt . his solemn anger stop Sam the sleazebag in he track . ford you be ten second away from the most embarrassing moment in you life . Ford launch a powerful uppercut that knock the fanatic 's candleholder - hold hand up into the psycho 's own arm . scream in pain , the fanatic flee toward the dance floor try to pull out the shard . Don pipe up from a nearby table . don come on Ford , this shit 's get old . Ford smile , super-swiftly raise he arm . a gun slide out of he sleeve through a slide taxi-driver - style apparatus , into he hand . Ford fire up at a discotheque ball rotate above the dance floor . the gunshot break the ball out of its ceiling home and send it swoosh down right upon the sleazebag fanatic 's head , knock he out cold . Ford turn to the approach , awed twin sister . ford clint eastwood ... I fuck he . the band crank back up , echoing into ... int . ford' live room - day the swank nightclub a memory , the viewer be now give a jarring tour of Ford 's lovable ratty beach house . the viewer' viewpoint move up to a wall where a set of curtain mysteriously cover a compartment . across the wall , the viewer see hundred of autograph photo of various rock star pin to the wall in a surrealistically haphazard fashion . pulling out a bit , it can be see that the hellhole be pack solid with unwrapped vcr , discard gold record , answer machine , remote control , Walkman , Watchman , cellular phone , and all sort of other basically useless goody . each one have a smarmy " thanks Ford " - type note tag to it . a tremendous music system adorn another wall with a pair of five - foot tall speaker stand like silent sentinels . embed in one of the amplifier be a wall socket timer clock -- two needle about to touch . the timer , read 3:59 p.m. , whirs a bit and then there be a click . wide on music system the loudest music in the history of dolby stereo balst out of the speaker . Dust be literally kick up as a rollick rock song careen through the room . ford' bedroom the twin sister pop up in the bed in various state of undress , they squeal of pain inaudible in the face of the music . the lump in the bed between the twin jerk spasmodically for a second , then calmly rise , revealing itself to be Ford fairlane , still wear the slide gun system on he arm . live room a ruffle Ford plod in and grab a pack of cigarettes off a vibrate speaker . he ritualistically light up and inhale . Ford pull back the curtain on the wall revealing a carve - out compartment in the wall . Inside the space be a obviously old , but still in mint condition electric guitar with a picture of jimi hendrix propped next to it . Ford close he eye and touch the guitar with a religious solemnity . Ford pull the curtain and then bend down to a red " hotline " - look phone with a quizzical expression on he face . Ford pick up a remote control and zap off the stereo , revealing that the phone be ringing . Ford pick up . ford Jesus , Jazz , I be come . so I be late . I go to work when you go to bed . Ford hang up and wearily rise . a man who hate he life . ext . ford' venice home decked out wrinkle -hip , Ford close the front door of he charmingly dilapidate home . the kid , a spiky - haire surf punk ragamuffin in a multi - color shirt over a corona T , swerve up to Ford on a skateboard . the kid fairlane , you gonna find out who kill the lead singer of Black vomit ? ford tell I , Dr. Watson , what make you think he 's not just another piece of shit overdose . Ford and the kid , in a obliviously synchronize moment , flick out a pair of sunglass from they breast pocket and put they on . they then each pull out a cigarette and with a similar twist of the wrist , light it up . the kid gut feel . ford I will give you a gut feel , you little ... hey ... hey ! get that stick out of you mouth . this thing be killer , man . do not you go to school , listen to smokey the bear and all that ... Ford tear the cigarette from the kid 's mother and start to throw it away , but instead pocket it . they approach Ford 's dazzle blue namesake . Ford squeak off the car alarm with a beeper and then open up he unusually modulate trunk . Sam the sleazebag be see huddle in a heap within . Ford toss a smashed - up twinkie to he and reclose the trunk to frenzied scream . SAM the sleazebag you sick fuck ! ford bone appetit . the kid when you go to let I work with you ? why you always fuck with I ? ford why be I what ? Excuse I ? ( thwack the kid ) I catch you say the F - word again . I will kill you . that 's a fuck promise . now get the fuck out of here . Ford get in he car . the kid board around to the window . the kid I get something serious to dis -cuss . ford well what be it ? I be not kreskin . the kid forget it . the kid rocket off . Ford watch with slight concern then tear off , music blaring . ext . mini -mall day a two - tiere mini-mall nightmare loom ahead . the exquisite eatery of suzie' sushi donut and muy burrito be sandwich in on the first level with a tanning salon and a adult book store . the top tier be not as popular . empty for - Rent space surround a place that have a big plate glass window that read ford fairlane private investigator . int . ford' outer office - day Ford push sleazo through a door into he office . jazz , Ford 's secre-uh-assistant , sit sharp and stern in a masculine business outfit and glass behind a desk . upon the desk rest a very respectable computer . SAM the sleazebag you can not prove shit ... jazz good morning she say as the clock strike five . I send the ovary down for food . they have be wait for hour ... ford you tip pay off . Jazz , this be Sam the sleazebag . Sam the sleazebag , this be Jazz , my secretary . jazz Assistant . and do not call I Jazz . ford all you friend call you Jazz . jazz exactly . Ford chuckle and a romantic whether - they - like - it - or - not moment pass between they . Jazz break it to look under she desk . jzaa hey , in X S pay today . they ' payment ' be around here somewhere . ford they pay ? I love Australia ! what a band ! let 's throw a Foster 's on the barbie and call up I mate ... Cash or check ? jazz ( laugh ) you wish . ford Cash or check , Jazz ? do not do this to I . the ovaries , four young woman dress in stylishly - shred pink leather jacket , enter the office hold burrito . ovary one hey , Ford , little late . ovary two that 's he ! that 's the bastard . he flashed we at the ampitheatre . SAM the sleazebag I love you . ( as Mr. hyde ) you slut have no proof ! ovary three I think I could identify it . it look like a dick . only smaller . with a authoritative , silencing cough , Ford pull a huge pair of hedge clipper from a drawer . ford we could gab about evidence and restrain order all day , but I think castration be really the way to go . May get a wee messy ... ovaries & SAM the sleazebag what ? ( !) Ford snap he shear together with a giddy smile as the ovary move toward Sam , fiercely clutching they burrito . ford it 's a new by - law for pathetic jerk who harass woman . ovary four do we get to keep it ? ford of course . every girl should have one . ovary one reach down o.s. and pull down Sam 's zipper . Ford whoosh down with the clipper and slice . ovary one pull up a half of a burrito . ford next time , it will be you burrito . a pure white Sam turn and run into a wall , knock himself out . ford I doubt he will be hassling you anymore , but hey , I will save the hedgeclipper anyway . ovary one take a rolex off she hand and give it to Ford . ovary one great job , Ford . take this . as payment . it 's solid gold and it will make sure you be not late for you other client . ford no really . money be fine . ovary two great gift idea , stace . ford but ... ovaries ' bye , Ford ... the ovary exit , step over Sam . Ford hold the rolex like it be a cancerous worm . Jazz laugh . ford I do it for love . jazz ' bye Ford ... ' hey , let I cheer you up . I find the in X S payment . Jazz pull a live koala bear out from under she desk . jazz g'day , they say it 's worth three grand ... ford Fucking australian ! I hate that country , continent , what be it ? do not we do nuclear testing there ? jazz let 's just declare war on the hellhole . before they make crocodile dundee three . ford rock star ! I be go out of my mind . all I get be perk . I do not make money , I make gift . how be I suppose to pay tax with bathtub compact disc player and autograph drumstick . I want cash . moulah . wampum . Dead president . Andrew Jackson . Gerald Ford . jazz you be say you need money . ford car insurance cost money . cavity cost money . dorito cost money . I be gonna eat that damn bear ... come here ! jazz quit cry . I think we have get a case if we can make it through the cavalcade of bimbos , here ... Jazz , use a remote , operate a answer machine on she desk . squeaky bimbo ( v.o. ) ( machine ) hi , this be vikki , you know , vikki . I figure you probably wash off my phone number before you have a ... jazz ( sneezing ) bim -bo . ford cut the play by play . obnoxious d.j. ( v.o. ) this chevy nova ? chevy nova , there ? huh ? huh ? johnny crunch , k.o.d.s. ( k-odious ) , you schmuck ? you know the guy who have sex with you prom date before the prom and needless to say before he become the hot d.j. in the West . I gotta case for you , man . come down to the station about six . ford johnny pinzolo call himself johnny crunch . knock I out . we grow up together in Brooklyn . come out here to be rock star ... of course , he 's lie about the prom date thing , at least I hope he be , I take he sister . jazz ( typically deadpan ) you be friend with the most obnoxious asshole on the airwave . the King of the shock jock . I be , I be shocked . ford I love you , too , baby . he want to meet at six . what time be it now ? Jazz dangle the rolex . jazz six . take it , you need it . a phone on Jazz 's desk ring and Ford instantly pick it up . ford k-o-d- S be go to make I rich ! he suddenly pull the receiver away from he ear as painful noise blurt out of it : scre -e-e-e ! buzz ! shshshshsh ! jazz that 's for I ... Radio contest , really Ford , how tacky ... ford ( brain -fried , hold ear ) ah -- ha ... you know , you should think about dating earthmen again . Jazz take the phone and put it in a modem cradle -- two cup that fit over each end of the phone , all hook up to she computer . the horrible computer noise become nicely inaudible . jazz so what about this watch ? ford keep it . it 's you paycheck this month . ext . kod radio station - night Ford 's fairlane screech up outside a sleek building to the tune of a nasty teenybopper ballad a la Tiffany / Debbie Gibson . Ford bound out of he car . int . radio booth - night a needle be screeched painfully across the track , give the teenybopper ballad a painful death ... johny ( o.s. ) ye -e-e-a-a- ah ! int . radio station lobby a receptionist and a guard hold they hand over they ear until the sadistic screeching end . Ford approach as johnny 's anything - but-dulcet tone croak out form a speaker . johnny ( v.o. ) nothing like a tender ballad sung by a girl pretend to be a virgin . I be sorry , young girl should not be out make record ; they should be in , set record make out . nake . on my coffee table . be you offended ? well , slurp this ... a rock song spew from the speaker ... ford I be here to see johnny . receptionist lucky you . arnie ... Mr. crunch have a lot of fan who hate he gut . arnie , the guard , slam Ford to the desk and begin frisk . ford oh , arnie , sometimes when we touch , the honesty 's too much . int . radio booth Ford move into the station booth and take a seat position behind he ranting friend , johnny crunch , be - veal to be a sweat , scraggly monster . johnny and do not forget , if we call and you answer the phone ' k -o-d- S be go to make I rich , ' you could win a cool million . sexually transmittable disease joke be come up next hour so go get you mom . better yet , I will get she ... johnny punch some button and wield around to Ford , turning down he monitor . ford I do not believe it . get pay to be the asshole you always be . johnny Fucking amazing , huh ? chevy nova , you bensonhurst shit ! still in la-la land . look at we , two rock and ' roll dick . unfortunately , only one of we be a detective . ford Nice get all that phone call from you after you hit it big , you redhook bastard . johnny I do not remember any arbor Day card from Mr. rock and ' Roll detective . ford friendship 's a lot different out here . a wrong number be a relationship . but then this be not a social call . johnny pull out a snapshot and give it to Ford . it 's a picture of Zuzu from the open scene , blow Ford and the viewer a kiss . Ford fondle it as johnny get up to pour two cup of styrofoam . ford how nice . johnny it 's my daughter , man . I know I never tell you about she , but God , I love that girl . she call herself Zuzu petal and she 's be swallow up by the gorgeous hell that be l.a . a fuck groupie party with the pro . you have to get my baby back , she 's my pride and -- ford ' bye , johnny ... johnny what ? engineer ( v.o. ) Dead air , johnny ... johnny grab the microphone and squeal into it ... johnny will you people leave I alone ! I be contemplate my life and you just will not stop listen ! here 's five in a row play at the wrong speed . johnny punch some button and spin angrily to Ford . johnny so ... ford I do not take case with foundation in bullshit . they be very hard to walk around in . johnny just find she , man . she 's my daughter , she 's my sister , she 's my mother , she 's some little brat I stand in line with at Taco Bell last week . do whatever you want with my word . and my money . johnny pull out a envelope and open it up to the soft sound of a choir of angel . johnny I be tell it be difficult to pay the phone bill with gold chain and v.c.r.s . there 's four thousand here . ford Zuzu petal . sound like a drug . a lethal one . johnny I hope you solve the case and I know you will , because you be the best . Ford , guy like you do not grow on tree . johnny and Ford raise they styrofoam cup . this be a old joke between they . johnny here 's to you ... ford and johnny ... suck my dick . laugh away , Ford reach for the envelope . a unsmil - ing johnny pull it back and take out a couple of bill . johnny no dessert until you have finish dinner . int . ford' fairlane - night pack with all the perk of he job , such as a car phone and a compact disc player , the interior of Ford 's fairlane be pretty jawdrop . a feeble woman' voice come through the radio . feeble woman ( v.o. ) johnny , why can not you play different kind of music ? johnny ( v.o. ) I think the real question here , mar 'am , be ' be you wear panty ? ' a-a-a-h ! the grisly SOUND effect of a woman be saw in half by a chainsaw come over the radio . a exasperate Ford turn it off with a remote control . he grumble , toward the passenger seat . ford why do I take it ? because he 's my friend . but I never like the bastard . why do I say yes ? four thousand reason . right , buddy ? the koala bear be reveal to be in the passenger seat , snugly behind a seat belt , patiently take in Ford 's complaint . ext . various sizzling L.A. sight to the chord of a corrosive rock - rap tune , the viewer and Ford 's fairlane glide by various hot spot such as the frolic room , City Restaurant , and the hard rock Cafe with its embed cadillac . ext . crowd outside roxy Ford weave through the high-hair-headed crowd in front of the roxy . he show Zuzu 's picture to various shaking head . int . concert stage the corrosive song be now see be belt out live by a all - black hard rock - rap outfit . Ford can be see offstage show a roadie Zuzu 's picture . int . backstage area - night Ford break up a game of lacrosse between some debauch british rocker and some nubile girl . all be wear lacrosse helmet and hold lacrosse equipment . the nubile girl take off they helmet . the girl all seem to resemble Zuzu , but the real thing be not to be find . int . ford' fairlane Ford cross a name from a list of bar , club , and concert hall rubber - band to he visor , mumble to he koala bear . ford there be 5,000 private investigator in l.a . it make sense to specialize . why do I pick the music industry ? why not fisherman ? fisherman get up , fish , sell the fish , then go to bed so they can get up and fish . how hard can the case be : ' Ford , somebody switch the lure in my fuck tackle box . ' ' Ford , my bait 's be sabotage . ' Ford turn back on he radio in disgruntlement . johnny ( v.o. ) ( on radio ) well , it 's time to sign off . I know I get on the radio and say a lot of harsh thing but I want you to know , deep down , I hate you , each and every one of you , so until tomorrow , burn in ... a gunshot be hear . johnny ( v.o. ) oh , my god , somebody just shot my engineer ! oh , hey , they be do something with my mike ! hey , I be be electrocute ! and it hurt ! Ford pull up to the radio station , chuckle at johnny 's histrionics . he turn off the radio and get out of the car . int . radio station lobby Ford walk into the radio station still smile at johnny 's scream . the light in the radio station lobby be frantically blink on and off . put two and two together , Ford stop smile . he rush to the reception desk . ford call the police ! johnny 's be electrocute ! receptionist oh , please . he 's just do one of he little joke ... ford look at the light ... johnny ( v.o. ) ( on speaker ) oh-fuck - shit-my -christ - I be - die ! receptionist hey , he can not say ' oh - fuck - shit -my - Christ - I be -dy ' over the air ! Ford push past the guard . int . radio booth Ford burst into the radio booth . on the ground , with a bullet in he head , be the engineer . Ford crash through another set of door and there , SPARKS exploding out of he face and arm , be a sizzling , scream johnny crunch . int . radio booth - later cop , detective and coroner flunky zip back and forth with a daze Ford act as the eye of the hurricane , gravely contemplate the char statue that be once he Brooklyn buddy . detective well , I hope this guy sign you yearbook because it look like you friendship , and you case , be close . a assistant pull a burnt envelope from johnny 's body , fill with char cash . Ford watch in pain . ford I think I be go to cry . detective ( patting Ford ) crying 's good , Ford . crying 's good . commotion outside the booth become audible as the flashy , obnoxious lt . amos make a entrance . he have make a horrible attempt at dress stylish . his tie be notably nasty . detective and ford hoh shit . Ford look away to the side of a console . he see a 45 rpm sleeve . it be blank except for some handwrite ; the name art mooney , follow by a draw star . Ford quickly nab it ... lo. amos how would Mr. rock and ' Roll detective boogie he way in here ? anybody ... detective he discover the body , Lt. amo , sir . ford Nice tie , Lt. anus , sir . lo. amos you think you be so hot just because you can get into any club . you think you be so hot , just because you have sex with great - look woman . you think you be so hot just because you break the ensenada tape piracy ring ... ford you gotta admit that be all pretty great reason ... lo. amos get the fuck out of here , honey ... what do we get ? detective this guy be hate by everyone . he offended every race , religion , and sexual preference imaginable . he even say the laker suck . so basically we be look at everyone from the Glendale skinhead to Magic Johnson . Ford try to ease out of the booth . lo. amos what be you run from ? ford why shuck , Lt. anus , you tell I to get the fuck out of here ... lo. amos if you be hide something ... oh , oh , I will have so much fun . ford why do you hate I ? it 's gotta be more than I private you , you cop . lo. amos ( a beat ) two word . disco Express . ford disco ex -- man , that group suck like a squid , they have some shitty single they want I to plug , back in my publicist day ... lo. amos ' booty time . ' ford yeah , and that lead singer , Jesus , that white Van mccoy wanna - be with the six - inch platform shoe . he look ... lo. amos like I . ford I be about to say he look like shit , but hey , sure , he look like you . lo. amos ' it 's booty time , it 's booty time , across the U.S.A . it 's booty time ... ' ford you be the lead sing -- Lieutenant , I do not think anyone could cheer I up tonight ... thanks . really . a laugh Ford squeeze Lt. amo 's shoulder and walk away ... ext . beach behind ford' house - night a smoking Ford stand starkly , wail with he guitar in cathartic quasi-Hendrixian blast , ruin a perfectly nice musical segue on the soundtrack . he look down to picture , nail to the fence before he , of a young Ford and johnny do silly rock star pose . Young Ford hold a cheap guitar while johnny clutches a pair of drumstick . Ford press the cigarette against the photo , set it a- fire and then resume he " play . " the kid roll up on he skateboard , hold he ear , break into Ford 's solo . the kid ouch . ford hey , you , get off my cloud . I be talk to my friend . 1962 fender stratocaster with original humbuck pick-up , maple neck , strung upside down for a leave - hand motherfuck genius ... jimi hendrix . the kid who care ? I get a case . ford twelve pack ? the kid hold up a bunch of wad - up money . the kid this be not no social call . one hundred buck . to find my father . ford ( look up to God ) do he just say what I think he say ? the kid I have get a clue . look at my ring . before my old lady run off to baja , she tell I my dad have this same ring . the kid hold out he hand . a ring of snoopy in he fighter pilot outfit be attach to he hand . a couple of note of " snoopy and the Red Baron " play on the soundtrack . ford Holy Colonel mustard . gosh , you do not mention the big clue ... kid , I can not take you money . the kid you need it . ford I do not need it that bad . int . ford' place - next day Ford snore away on he couch , hold he guitar . the koala bear sleep beside he . the doorbell ring . and again . Ford 's eye pop open to a pile of wad up money on he coffee table . ford I do not believe it . I take the money . he meander to the door like a cocoon ii cast member and open the door . colleen sutton stand in a strike pose at the door . behind she in the street be a blue limousine and a driver . the very attractive colleen belong to the genre of rich people that have see it all , every piece of decadence perpetuate . nothing faze she , even the chill sight of a just - wake - up Ford . colleen Ford fairlane , I be colleen sutton and I need you help . I have a problem and it pertain to the music industry . what be it they call you ? Mr. rock and ... ford do not say it . Orange juice ? colleen please . Ford take a carton of orange juice from the coffee table . he shake it and then pour into a pretty use - look glass also from the coffee table . he hand it to the deadpan colleen . ford sorry about the glass . and the house . and the breath . colleen Mr. fairlane , I be very rich . the kind of rich that warp mind . nothing offend I . when I be eleven , I walk in on my father and the Shetland pony he have give I for my tenth birthday . do that excite you ? ford I do not know , I never meet you father . colleen look down to Ford 's crotch . Ford do the same and then raise he head with a laugh . ford oh , that ! do not take it personally . he always wake up before I do . down boy ! roseanne barr naked ! colleen who 's you decorator ? ford some fag . charge I up the ass . colleen fag ? ass ? I be sorry , be that a joke ? ford poor taste . I know . listen , I respect homosexual . when I be young , my may be a homosexual . ( after the silence ) my may be a homosexual . colleen I do not have a sense of humor , either . sorry . incredibly loud music blast through the room . colleen splashes orange juice all over herself , undulate in a wacky , Martin shortesque double take . Ford remote off he alarm . colleen regains she composure with a big orange juice stain . they sit upon the couch , the doze koala between they . ford now that we have break the ice ... colleen I need you to find my little sister . she go by the name Zuzu ... ford Zuzu petal . you want I to rescue she from the gorgeous hell that be l.a . colleen but how do you know ? here , take this picture ... colleen hold out the picture of Zuzu blow a kiss . ford no thanks . I carry my own . colleen Excuse I ? ford let 's see , you be she worried sister . yesterday I meet she worried father who incidentally be about five year young than you . in fact , I cap off the evening by watch he get electrocute . they talk about case like this in the private eye handbook ... something about a ten-foot pole . speechless , colleen pull out a thick envelope . colleen five thousand should be enough to assuage any qualm you have about my family tree . ford yeah , but of course for now , I only get a twenty . colleen actually , you may take it all now . ford oh ... I have some question . colleen I have no answer . thanks for the stain . find the girl . in the envelope be ticket to the dorothy Chandler . we will chat again , then . Ford give a glance to the table and the 45 sleeve with Art Mooney 's name and the star on it . ford ah , the dorothy Chandler . I be just there with my good friend Art Mooney the other night ... colleen who ? ford nuthin ' . colleen make a graceful exit . Ford pause to get he bearing then pick up he red hotline phone . int . ford' office again deck out in a aggressively conservative business outfit , Jazz pick up the phone and break character . jazz k-o-d-s be go to make I rich ... uh , Ford , be not we frisky this morning . it 's only four o'clock . I guess the early bird get worm ... int . ford' house Ford cut she off . ford quiet . tell I you tapped in the police computer and find out lot of good stuff about Art Mooney ... int . ford' office jazz I find a lot of Art mooney . none with a police record , though . not even synchronicity . have you check out johnny pinzolo / crunch 's houseboat yet ? int . ford' house Ford pour milk on a bowl of fruit loops for the now - awake koala bear , who fumble a spoon . ford tonight after I see don. some beverly hillbilly just hire I to find you - know-fuck - who. name 's colleen sutton . jazz ( v.o. ) spooky . I will process she . ford ( pull ticket from envelope ) cool. Jazz , meet I at the dorothy Chandler pavilion tonight . I will have a ticket for you at the door . some concert . could be interesting . dress nice . int . mixing booth - late afternoon Don Cleveland , the suave black producer from the club , sit behind a large mixing board along with engineer and mixer . a passable tune with ghoulish vocal be filter into the booth . as Don speak , Ford stand behind he , stare through the glass at the source of the wretch music . don I have not see she around , and as for who would want to kill johnny crunch , line form to the leave . you would find less people on we planet who want he alive . ford ( in a trance ; to the glass ) great pipe . int . recording studio Don laugh as the viewer get a look at kyle troy , a very young pretty - boy whose non-singing be match by he non-guitar- play ability . a number of studio musician valiantly try to make some - thing out of the song they be play . int . mixing booth ford I have hear car fuck with more harmony . don tell I about it . name 's Kyle Troy . can not we bring up the bass . mixer it 's up as far as it can go . any more trick and we be not go to be able to hear he voice at all . don do not tempt I . ford how could grendel record sign such a wick -prick ? I guess Julian grendel really be deaf as a fuck doorknob . I hear Ray Charles be go to head up the video division . grendel actually that 's rather a intrigue idea ... everyone ' face drop . behind Ford stand the charis - matic julian grendel . Julian laugh , allow the other to do so . he shake Ford 's hand , motion to the mixing booth window . grendel good to meet you , Mr. fairlane . you mouth make quite a reflection . I be Julian grendel . ford boing . you be one hell of a lip reader . grendel ( comically motion down to he tie ) why thank you . it 's a Christmas present . ( a beat ) that be my sense of humor , everyone . I wish you would fake a laugh . it 's easy with a deaf person . grendel mimic a vivid but silent belly - laugh . Ford chuckle . ford I know you father . he be quite ... grendel a asshole ? a swine ? a ballistic turd ? pick one . ( with a laugh ) I never know what a bless my accident be until he die and I have to take over the company . you see the music be irrelevant in this industry . I be go to have to ship this ' wick - prick ' platinum just so teenage girl can have a compact disc cover to get wet with . don Julian 's happy as long as he do not see glass shatter . ford ( motion to the yelping Kyle ) I never think I would be jealous of you handicap ... sorry to hear about Bobby vomit . grendel terrible thing , but good career move . his record sale have go way up . I will just have to create a new Black vomit . ford I be just discuss this whole vomit thing with my friend Art Mooney . do you know he ? everyone nope . Kyle finally finish off he classic tune and give the booth a thumb - up sign and a smile . don what 's that asshole smile about ? ( into a microphone ) that be fantastic , man . let 's just try it one more time . ( click off microphone ) well , sorry , Ford , I could not help you . uh , Ford . int . recording studio Ford burst through the door . everybody stop play . ford guy , guy , please . kyle yo , what 's the hassle ? ford you be kill rock and raping roll . keith Richard 's roll in he grave and the poor bastard be not even dead yet . you be tear I apart ! rock and ' roll be , be ... Ford start snap he finger -- look around -- snap snap -- Kyle Troy frown -- snap snap -- a couple of the band member nod . ford I get a ' 65 cadillac . ( snap , snap ) spare time on the back ... the bass player jump in -- bum bum . ford charge cord to goldblatt . ( snap , snap ) but I be not get you . Kyle pout -- the drummer kick in . ford I get woman to the right of I ... I get woman to the leave of I ... I get chick all around I ... but I be not get you . the rhythm guitarist and keyboardist join the jam . the band be heating up -- play louder -- Don and the boy in the booth be bop they head to the beat . ford I gotta a pocket full of crumpled bill , I gotta stomach full of different pill , I get fanny Fox and wilba Mills , but I be not get you . the band suddenly kick into a rouse instrumental break of calvin Carter 's " I ai not get you . " Ford get wick with the mike stand . ford but I be not get you ... band but I be not get you ... ford no , I be not get you ... band no , I be not get you ... ford I say , I be not get you ... band I say , I be not get you ... ford I be not -- get -- you . -- and with a quick wave , everyone cut off . Ford turn to a very put -off Kyle Troy and grin . ford now , that 's entertainment . int . mixing booth Ford whisk through -- nod to Don : ford have a copy of that send to I , will ya ? don right away ! Don crack up as Ford make he exit . int . hallway outside studio a pleased - with-himself Ford bound from he studio . he come across a eerie sight in the hallway -- two man in gunslinger coat over armani suit . one be a black mohawk punk and the other be a highhairheaded heavy metaler . ford you guy part of a band ? punk gunslinger ( contemptuously amused ) ... sure . we name be pain . Ford fake a smile . the duo snort and sneer as he walk off . ext . gloomy marina - night Ford 's fairlane pull up before a pretty ominous marina . boar be eerily moor with no sign of human being . ext . pier - night Ford creep across the pier . he put the finish touch on he arm - to-hand slide gun apparatus before look to a nice -size but inherently tacky boat from which a eerie rock song spookily emit . the bow read : the mighty penis . ford I wonder which boat 's johnny 's ? ext . deck of mighty penis - night Ford come onto the deck of mighty penis . he glance around before descend below to follow the siren call of the eerie music . int . cabin Ford come down and turn on some bizarrely hued light revealing a literally rock bachelor pad from hell com - plete with a scary rack of dildo and a inflatable doll that float above a neon I sign . Ford go past a wall that have cut out quasi-nude shot of breast and buttock . ford the love boat be make another run ... he then make a glance to another picture on the wall . it be the same young - and - wanna - be-rock -star picture of johnny and Ford that Ford view earlier . Ford sadly blink before look to a gun rack on the wall that hold three shotgun . Ford wobble over to a entertainment system set up next to the rack . he turn off the eerie rocker on the stereo . a video cassette mark " collie and I " lie on a adjoin vcr . Ford put the tape in . tape the tape whirs on to show johnny kneel on he heart - shape bed in a comical schoolboy outfit and a dunce cap . johnny ( v.o. ) ( on video ) where 's my Queen collie ? I need some order ! colleen sutton come on the screen in killer black lin- gerie and wear a paper Burger King crown . she step threateningly toward the bed , carry a scepter . colleen ( v.o. ) ( on video ) Queen collie be here . int . cabin Ford snap off the tv . ford this be why I have cable . Ford step over to a closet and open the door . and there 's a smile guy in a psychedelic tie- dye shirt stand inside . Ford quickly close the door -- and bam -- a hand crash through the door and latch on to Ford 's neck . Ford beat off the arm . ka-blam ! the smile guy kick the door off its hinge . meet smiley : he 's muscular , and seem mean , despite the fact he have a ponytail , wear sandal , nice black glove , and have a damn smile that never ever leave he face . smiley how 's it go ? smiley 's fist swooshes at Ford 's head . Ford 's hand whip out of nowhere and grab the fist in midair . ford you be ten second away from the most embarrass -- crunch ! smiley punch Ford across the jaw with he leave jaw ! Ford 's body careen into a dresser . he bolt up and as he do so wow -ly in he open scene , super-swiftly raise he arm . only this time the gun do not slide out . Ford feebly try to reach in he sleeve to retrieve the gun but crack ! smiley strike again . Ford run to the gun rack and try to pull out a shotgun , but it be lock . panicked , Ford yank the entire gun rack off the wall as smiley latch on with a nasty bear hug . Ford fire off a wild blast from one of the still - in- the-rack gun . the shotgun blast demolish a playboy centerfold and cause a blast of water to whoosh out from she remain . smiley move into a strangling mode while Ford 's hand move down to the next gun on the rack . another blast burst a hole in the other wall . Ford fire off yet another one into the floor below he cause a devastating geyser that allow he to break away from smiley . Water be amusingly blast out from every angle . Ford and smiley battle semi-obliviously to this new add element of nature . the water rise above they knee . Ford spin around and grab the tv off the still - stand home entertainment center . he smashes it upon smiley 's head , submerging he into the water which be now at Ford 's waist . Ford frantically scan the water like a shark attack victim , but smiley do not emerge . ford Marco ... Ford quickly wade to the stair ... ext . mighty penis be sink pretty fast . ext . deck Ford collapse onto the damp deck with a gasp . the entire lower level of the boat be underwater . Ford work himself into a stand position as smiley ferociously resurrect from out of decktop windowcase . smiley polo . ford whatever you be get pay , I can give you twenty , maybe thirty buck more . smiley do a savage medley of punch across Ford 's gut before slapping he into the deck rail . water splashes onto the deck as the boat go into death throes . Ford ungracefully make a cling jump onto ... fly bridge Ford beach himself on the tippy top of the boat . smiley effortlessly pop up and move around behind Ford 's head . ford have enough ? smiley laugh as he place he thumb behind Ford 's earlobe at Ford 's jawline . this hurt ... the fly bridge be the only part of the boat above water . smiley feel my thumb ? I keep it there forty second more and a well develop cut off the oxygen to you brain . I leave . twenty - one minute later , you be dead . the slowest , most painful minute a person can experience . ford I guess you never see 'a very brady Christmas . ' smiley ( squeezing tighter ) case close , okay ? thirty second . ford Fine ! smiley what 's fine ? ford I be off it ! smiley off what ? twenty second ... ford the case ! smiley oh . one more thing . this be personal . I want you to tell I you be a big sissy . ford i. am. the. biggest . sissy . in. the. whole. Fucking . World . smiley remove he thumb , pat Ford on the head , and then proceed to exuberantly backstroke away . a job well do . Ford 's torso be the only thing above water . his slide gun apparatus ping to life . the gun finally slide into he hand . Ford snort and shake he head as he dis - appear below the water . int . dorothy chandler pavilion lobby - night the elite of Los Angeles , with impeccable tuxedoe and gowns to prove it , grandly stream into a large auditorium . Ford , hold a plastic bag of party ice over he face , stumble through the pavilion door in a wrinkle tuxedo . the ice bag break , send ice and water down Ford 's shirt . various snooty patron turn to harrumph , includ - ing colleen , who do a double take when she realize who she be harrumphing at . colleen my God , Mr. fairlane , you look like the fall of saigon . ford colleen and johnny , sit in a tree , k-i-s-s-i-n-g ... colleen uh , let 's go sit down . a couple of gasp rise up out of the patron around they . Ford and colleen feel the breeze of head turn all around they . they turn to see what everybody be look at . what they be look at be Jazz ! go be she glass and businesslike dress . she stand at the inside entrance of the pavilion in a tight , low - at - the- top - high - at - the-bottom black leather mini-dress . ford ( catch he breath ) Excuse I ... Jazz squint at the crowd try to find Ford , who be quickly come right towards she . ford hey , Jazz , I tell you to dress ' nice ' not nice . what , do you think this be a date ? Ford look to Jazz 's grim face . yes , that 's what she think . ford sorry , Jazz . after this , I will throw a burger down you throat , okay ? jazz you be a fuck gentleman . what do you want from I ? ford this colleen sutton woman I be with . if she flee I to go powder she whatever , I need you to keep tabs ... colleen Ford , they be start . colleen stroll back from where she come . Ford back - pedal to catch up with she . ford you go to be okay ? jazz go on , ' they be stahting . ' int . ballet auditorium male dancer wear incredibly tight outfit that leave nothing to the imagination prance and move across the stage . Ford and colleen take in the spectacle before they . they speak in whisper . colleen so you know about johnny crunch and myself . ford ( look to the dancer ) I be sorry , that 's gotta be a pair of tube sock he have down there . ballet patron ( in back ) shh . colleen you want off the case , do not you ? ballerina with absurdly graphic nipple pirouettes . Ford mime he eye be poke out . ford ouch ... of course I want off the case . some monster from woodstock try and succeed in kill I tonight . the fact I be alive 's a technicality . colleen so you ... ford listen , Queen collie , I have a code . I never , ever , drop a case . besides , I , uh , use all you money to pay my bill , so I kinda owe you . colleen nonsense . after what you have be through , it sound like I owe you . ford ( to stage ) they do one of this about my ex - wife . it 's call ' the nutcracker . ' ( after the silence ; enunciate ) ' the nut-crack - er ' ... I do not need money . I need some question answer . colleen I will do my best . ford question one : can I have some money ? kidding . why do not you tell I about you and johnny ? you two be into something even more dangerous than sex , be not you ? who ? what ? where ? how ? now . colleen look out to the two armani gunslinger , punk and Metal , loom by the exit . colleen Jonathan be such a beautiful man . no one know he like I do ... Excuse I . I can not do this now . I will call you tomorrow . ford thanks for the information . appreciate it . colleen mock - whimper into the aisle . Ford turn to a dig - nified woman seat next to he and motion to the stage . ford that guy get a erection , he give himself a black eye . I mean , you can see he come around a corner and still have time to comb you hair . ballet patron will you please be quiet . ford he will be tell that joke tomorrow . the dignify woman laugh and Ford smile at she laugh . int . foyer colleen stride out of the auditorium and purposefully veer down the hall , into the lady ' room . from a seat position at the other end of the hall , Jazz frenetically pop up and push on she glass . she clack after colleen , into the lady ' room as well . int . dorothy chandler pavilion lobby balletgoer stream into the lobby for the post - ballet be - ception . Ford meander out with the buzzing crowd , a couple patron take notice of he wrinkle attire . Ford blaze a marlboro gold as a snooty non - smoker who get a snide closeup earlier in the segment , point to a " yes , I mind if you smoke " button on he lapel . snooty non -smoker can you read ... ' smoker ' ? ford can you whistle ' man in the Mirror ' out you ass ... ' snapperhead ' ? snooty non -smoker hey , do not be a pottymouth . I just do not want cancer . as Ford speak , he take a rubberband and attaches it to a lighter in a way that keep the flame light . he then place it in the non-smoker 's tuxedo pocket . ford you know , you be right , sir , and I be sorry . I think I live in a country where you be free to do any stupid thing you want ; drive to work naked , make love to a V.C.R. , but hey , you remind I I live in a hell where any sperm like you can stab I in the heart with this thing call opinion , just because you have they . the non-smoker weakly smile , he jacket start to smoke . snooty non - smoker it 's okay . it 's okay , guy . smoke all you want . here , have one of mine ... the non-smoker fumble out a pack of cigarettes from he literally smoking jacket and then bolt away . a hor d'oeuvre tray cruise by . Ford grab something on a toothpick and casually shove possibly the worst thing he 's ever taste in he life into he mouth . Ford do not chew -- he just look around for someplace to spit it out just as Julian grendel approach . grendel well , hello , Ford . ford mmmmmmm . mmmm , mmm . grendel I must say you be a island of reality in a ocean of diarrhea . Jazz excitedly approach Ford and grendel . Ford grab she and deeply kiss she . Ford pull back and address Jack in he normal voice . meanwhile , Jazz 's face turn color , she mouth try to deal with the most disgusting transferal of a hor d'oeuvre in film history . ford and it 's good to see you , Julian . this be my assistant , Jazz . jazz mmmmmmm . mmmm , mmm . grendel so what do you think of the ballet ? be it like a warm Ice capade ? ford ( laugh ) yeah , I do , you condescending fuck , but I miss snoopy come out at the end . be not you enjoyment impair ? grendel do not worry I can run every ballet note for note in my brain ... Jazz swallow , she eye bulg with delicate agony . ford what , be you one of that brilliant child prahdigy who be write baroque opera while the other kid be fingerpaint Mr. greenjean ... Julian wince in pain , and then smile ... grendel something like that ... let 's talk business . I think someone be try to rip my company off . I have try the yellow page , now I think it 's you turn ... jazz ( with Linda Blair 's exorcist voice ) if you will excuse we . ford Jazz , we be talk here . grendel go on , another time , another place . grendel watch the couple walk off and the viewer hear the classical music in he head . ext . outside dorothy chandler - night Jazz pull Ford into the cool of the night . ford why do you interrupt ? maxwell seem like he want to hire I . jazz shut up , goody from the ice queen . Jazz pull from she pocket a small toy duck , a baby Ruth bar , and a compact disc read " Black vomit 's greatest spit . " it have a red number two on the cover . Ford take the stuff from she . ford how would you get this from she ? jazz you do not want to know , believe I . but do not worry , I wash my hand ... ford a fuck C.D. wow , this case be close . so , she 's get bad taste in music and in man ... do I tell you she and johnny be lover and that they be into something and he get kill for it ? jazz ( laugh at he bald exposition ) no , as a matter of fact you do not . what about the girl , Zuzu petal , how do she fit in ? I mean , she be what this case be about . ford I wish I know . you do good work ... jazz make eye contact when you say that . ford I be sorry , that dress . what do you say we ... jazz celebrate ? like we celebrate after solving the White bluesman murder ? forget it , man . Ford and Jazz stroll to they respective car park side - by-side . Jazz drive a black volkswagen bug . ford oh ... hey , how about that hor d'oeuvre , tonight ? Jazz cackle and get in she car . Ford watch she go ... int . ford be house - late that night in he underwear , Ford vegge on he couch with a koala bear at he foot and with a blender whirring beside . ford why do not I pick fisherman ? Ford stop the blender , flip off the lid , and begin drink he homemade vodka milkshake straight out of the blender , but only after set it on fire and blow it out . Ford then lazily remote on the television . " MTV News " with kurt loder finish up . Ford unslump up with kurt 's revelation . kurt loder ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) Police be now say Bobby vomit be not the victim of a overdose as first suspect , but be actually poison . Police have no suspect yet and have ask all Black vomit fan not to show up at the funeral which , by the way , will be hold at the Hollywood Cemetery at midnight . in homage , here 's the last video of Bobby vomit . Ford mouth " wow " to himself as the rock video begin . video a lacerate tune blast forth with Bobby vomit writhe around a cage . Inside the cafe be a beautifully modulate babe with monster makeup all over she face . the rest of Black vomit dutifully play they instrument at the back of the set , all wear doctor uniform . vomit pull the babe 's monster - face head out from between the bar of the cage . he savagely kiss she and then run to the door of the cage . he fling it open . the babe no longer have the face of a monster . she have the face of Zuzu petal for that be who the babe be . int . ford' room Ford do a vodka milkshake spit-take . video in closeup , Zuzu blow the viewer a kiss . ext . hollywood cemetery gate - night with spotlight , with T-shirt hawker and with a couple hundred mournful rock and roll fan push and shove at the gate , the viewer believe they be at a concert not a funeral . a hurriedly dress Ford , tucking he shirt in , approach the gate . he focus upon a sleazy guy do something with two girl . sleazy guy that 's one hundred . each . the two girl nod -- sleazy guy hand they something -- the girl leave . Ford approach as the sleazy guy carefully call out . sleazy guy get that vomit invite here ... ford scalp to a funeral , you be a pretty sleazy guy . sleazy guy thanks . you interested . it 's festival seating , so ... ford how much ? sleazy guy Three hundred . ford you give it to the girl for one . sleazy guy hey , they blow I . ford oh . Three hundred come right up . Ford very quickly hand over three hundred dollar . ext . funeral ground Ford mount a small hill to blend into the already - in - progress funeral . many people stand in various not necessarily tasteful black clothes . a row of nubile mournette kneel praying , the lipstick on they face be noticeably and obscenely askew . ford geez , be I the only one who pay full price here ? a priest stand next to a big empty hole . the band member of Black vomit be situate behind it , with they instrument . they begin a mournful metal jam . the sound of a helicopter be hear . everyone seem to be ignore this fact but Ford . a chopper be cruise toward the funeral . the chopper sound get louder as the helicopter position itself over the open grave . the band increase its intensify as the crowd chant " vomit ! vomit ! vomit ! " a large transparent tube be push out of the helicopter with a attach black parachute . the tube be light up by round dress room - style bulb . the tube float down toward the grave . Ford and the viewer get to see that in the light tube be Bobby vomit . it swooshes perfectly into the grave . Ford shake he head in amazement . get serious , he pull the picture of Zuzu petal from he pocket and scan the crowd . more young , pretty girl in sexy black pass before the grave , but no Zuzu . a girl in a black veil ( three guess who ) quietly sob beside Ford , hold the black purse from the open scene ( okay , one guess who ) . with a whimper , she put she head against Ford 's stomach . by reflex , Ford put he arm around to comfort , but he eye never leave the crowd . girl in veil he be so good ... ford yeah , he be one of the great . ( hold out the photo ) hey , you have not see this girl , have you ? girl in veil be this a trick question ? the girl in she veil lift she veil . it be Zuzu petal . Ford go insane with victory . ford Zuzu petal ! Zuzu petal ! yes ! who kill Bobby vomit ? who kill johnny crunch ? why do people want you so goddamn bad ? zuzu I do not know . I be so scared . help I . Zuzu drop to she knee before Ford . ford a simple ' please ' would suffice ... zuzu fluck you ! Zuzu fiercely ball she fist and punch Ford in the groin . she then bolt up and start sprinting away . Ford gasp after she . ford fluck I ? Zuzu keep run . she give a glance back toward Ford as a black glove hand thrust out and grab she by the neck . the arm lead to the maliciously chipper face of smiley . smiley lift Zuzu up and heave she into a sidecar connect to a state of the art motorcycle . with a painful crash , Zuzu land upside - down in the sidecar . smiley straddle the bike and rocket off , recklessly weaving through tombstone . pant , Ford stop run toward the motorcycle . he change direction and begin run ... until he reach he fairlane . Ford wail in anger for he tire have be puncture . the phone in he car suddenly ring . Ford reach in and pull out the portable phone . ford k-o-d- S be go to make I rich ! motorcycle smiley be reveal to be bark on a cellular phone , attach to he motorcycle while burrow through the tombstone . Zuzu 's leg flail from out of the sidecar . smiley how 's it go ? Radio station contest . Ford , I mean really ... the super- bike send frighten mourner into empty burial hole . another part of cemetery ground portable phone push up under he armpit , receiver be - tween he head and he shoulder , Ford barrel up a hill ... ford if you hurt she , I will kill you ! maybe not personally , but I will think of something ... at the top of the hill be a park hearse . hearse two slimy mortician come out from the back of the hearse . they be each smoking a cigarette and zipping up they pants . mortician one some day it 's great to be alive . Ford charge into the front seat of the hearse . he turn the ignition key and tear off . mortician two hey , he take lydia ! mortician one ( give he zipper a final yank ) so what , we have have we fun . int . hearse the body of a voluptuous woman rest naked on a gurney in the back of the hearse . the gurney wobble back and forth toward Ford in the driver 's seat . a tag on she hand read lydia . ford now it 's get interesting , smileyhead . motorcycle smiley blaze across the gravesite green towards the entrance . a discombobulate Zuzu twist into a sit position . smiley normally , I would be up for a bullshit car chase , but I get to get up early tomorrow . smiley look down to he phone with a quizzical ex - pression . in the b.g. the hearse can be see barrel over a hill . smiley Ford , where do you go ? do not be such a baby ... hearse Ford intensely weave through burial path . his point of view have the motorcycle get closer . motorcycle at cemetery entrance smiley hang up the phone , and roar into the street out - side the cemetery . Zuzu scowl , until Ford pull up beside they , shouting out he window . ford you be say , snapperhead ? I will bet you be not smile now ! smiley oh , but I be . dianetics , Ford . you should try it . ford say cheese ... Ford super-swiftly raise he arm activate the slide gun apparatus . the gun sail out of he sleeve , past he hand , out of he car , and over smiley who rightfully laugh . smiley thanks , but I have my own . smiley pull a serious gun from he coat and blast away . Ford steer off as the bullet shower into he hood . zuzu ( regard Ford , amused ) my hero ... the hearse convulse in a mind - roasting skid cause the other poor car in the vicinity to insanely slam into lamppost , mini-malls , and themselves . hearse all this motion commotion cause the body of the vol - uptuous woman to burst out from the back and to crash into the front seat . Ford shriek at the inert , well - endow flesh . suddenly , the phone ring . Ford fren - etically pick up ... ford fuck you , man ! I can not talk ... Mom ! what be you call for ? no , no , I do not always answer the phone like that . it 's business ! the naked body bounce and bashes against Ford as he speak . the voluptuous head slam down onto Ford 's lap . ford have I meet any nice girl ? ma , ma , get some sleep . I gotta another call ... ( press call wait ) sorry , it be my mom ... motorcycle go up incredibly inclined STREET Riding up a steep hill , smiley deliriously chat ... smiley you mom be special . I look forward to raping she at you funeral . hearse Ford be comically maneuver the body into a sit position and pull over a seat belt ... he shout in the phone . ford you be one sick ... Ford hang up , let go of the seat belt . Ford watch the body 's ludicrously bounce breast . ford damn baby , I hope you fill out some organ donor card ... Ford look out the windshield and howl . incredibly inclined STREET the hearse slam into the base of the very steep hill , it rocket upward . the dead body flip and flop over into the back seat . the hearse fly over the hill and whizze forward , approach smiley 's motorcycle . Ford pull up beside Zuzu in the sidecar . ford Zuzu petal , I be Ford fairlane ! I be the good guy , he 's the bad guy ! entertain , smiley fire he gun at the hearse . Ford swerve around behind the motorcycle to smiley 's side . Zuzu loop she purse around she neck and then , with a devilish grin , she stand up in the sidecar . smiley watch incredulously as Zuzu jump from the sidecar onto the motorcycle between he leg and then , after blow a kiss , into the open passenger window of the hearse . a disorient smiley swerve off onto a sidewalk , zipping past freak out pedestrian . hearse Zuzu land onto the passenger seat with a giggle . zuzu this be so amazing ! a car chase ! let 's get on some car chase music ! ra-a-w-wk ! Zuzu turn on the radio and turn it up loud . Ford can only stare at this perverse girl in amazement . Zuzu look over to he , pop a bubblegum bubble . zuzu it 's red , Ford . ford what ? STREET the hearse charge through a red light cause another collision . hearse Ford look into the rearview mirror . smiley be back on the street and gain ... Ford reach into a confuse Zuzu 's mouth . zuzu hello ? ford give I you gum and grab the wheel . STREET the motorcycle wail up the back of the hearse . smiley reach out to the door and fling it open . he leap ... into hearse a batter but still giddy smiley crawl and crash into the front seat , pull a gun on the driver : the voluptu - ous body ! smiley look to the floor pedal . pink gum hold it to the floor . STREET behind hearse crunched in a heap on the street , Ford and Zuzu move into painful stand position . ford you okay ? zuzu ( be you kid ? ) peachy . int . hearse a weird - out smiley turn from he bizarre driver to look before he . his smile turn into a grimace . STREET a multi-transport truck be park at the curb and its ramp be down . the hearse hit the ramp -- fly in the air towards -- ext . hard rock cafe with its famous cadillac embed halfway into the roof . crash ! -- it now have two car embed halfway into the roof . int . hard rock cafe the body of smiley and the voluptuous woman fly through the windshield and sail into the glass roof of the Cafe . smiley smashes into the floor while the voluptuous woman crash down onto a birthday cake atop a table surround by aghast yuppy . the voluptuous woman awaken with a purr ... voluptuous woman Boy , you mortician really know how to party ... Ford 's portable phone rest peacefully next to smiley 's crumpled body . it ring . smiley achingly pick up . zuzu ( v.o. ) nyah , nyah , nyah - nyah , nyah . ext . nearby pay phone Zuzu finish she squealing as a coolly smile Ford take the phone from she and hang up . int . rtd bus - night tire and bruise , Ford and Zuzu sit side by side in a sparsely populate bus . Zuzu be bob to a palm-size radio . zuzu that be one of the ten most provocative experience of my life ! a disgruntled Ford take the radio from she and turn it off . ford let 's get serious ... zuzu why be all this people after I ? ford uh ... wha ? you be suppose to answer that question , not ask them . I take it a woman name colleen sutton be not you big sister and that the late d.j. johnny crunch be not you daddy ? zuzu I be so sure ! I be a only child and my parent be Bill and shirley petal of South Bend , Indiana . they run a hardware store and ... Ford reach out and muzzle the sputtering girl with he hand . ford you hang out with Bobby vomit . who would want he dead ? zuzu ( sadly ) I dunno . he be to sound what cezanne be to image or at least I think so . ever since he die , I have be chase ... omigod ! ford what ? Jesus , tell I ! zuzu it 's spunk Lewis , the lead singer for Dead ribbit ! Mr. Bus Driver , stop ! Pov on alley spunk Lewis , generic rock star , emerge from a backstage door to sign autograph for a cluster of generic fan . bus Ford shake he head . Zuzu 's head be twisted around , try to catch another glimpse of spunk . zuzu spunk , come back ... ford how be it you can look at that hairhead and see God , when all I see be a lucky asshole from reseda . zuzu because I know rock -n-roll . ford you know rock -n-roll ? darlin ' , I have be in the music industry for as long as you have live . I have see thing you can not even have nightmare about ... but then I guess I be just not equip to know the industry the way you do ... zuzu come again ? b.fl.d. , I have sex with rock star ; it 's not like I be do something that I do not enjoy with they , like shuffleboard . do not worry about I , I practice safe sex and next summer , I be go to u.c.l.a . Ford flick back on the radio with a deprecate smile and flip it to Zuzu . ford Zuzu petal , you be not bad . in fact , I be discuss this whole rock -n- roll thing with my pal Art Mooney the other day . you know he ? zuzu no. who 's Art Mooney ? ford he 's the lamest clue I have ever have in my life . here 's we stop ... Ford reach up and pull the cord . int . ford' office - next morning not wear glass , Jazz make she morning entrance into the office with a attack of melancholy . she see Zuzu sleep at she desk behind a melting cup of yogurt . Ford be amusingly curl up on the floor . Jazz smile . jazz why do not I despise you ? Ford rumble into a semi-conscious position . ford what do you ... hey , where 's you spex ? jazz contact . ford I like . Zuzu pop to life and resume eat she yogurt . zuzu he save my life ! be not he the coolest man in the world ? jazz say a lot about the world ... Zuzu petal ... case close ? ford I do not know , what be the case ? jazz Ms. sutton hire you to find the girl . period . ford then I guess she case be close . mine be not . I want to know why everybody want Zuzu . why people be kill and die for she . zuzu yeah , it 's weird . Bobby and johnny be such good friend ... ford Friends ? you do not tell I that . zuzu you do not ask . have you ever think about mousse ? the phone ring . Zuzu fiercely pick up . zuzu k-o-d-s be go to make I rich ... uh ... Jazz sweetly tear the phone away from she . jazz she 's just a bundle of energy , a real treasure ... ford yeah , let 's bury she . jazz hello ... ( hang up ) it 's colleen . with answer . she want to meet . down . Way down-town . late . int . very grungy , disgustingly hip downtown club - night too ultra-cool to be alive zomby , a mixture of play - tough trendoid and actual psychopath , dress in very black black , be pack together like burnt , sweat sardine . a post - punk acid chiller be throbbing from the speaker . a unamuse Ford tread through the unsavory pack . the crowd almost mystically part to reveal colleen , at a table by a window , in a violent leather ensemble , she hair slicked back . Ford sit himself down and a waiter pour he a cappucino . colleen I ask you to find a girl and instead you steal a C.D. from I . Ford . you suck . ford I will buy you a new one . I find she . colleen Zuzu petal ! do she have it ? ford have what ? colleen do she tell you anything ? ford lot of thing . her favorite yogurt . the ten drummer she would take to a desert island ... colleen drink you cappucino , you be give I a headache ... through rifle's telescopic lens ( through window ) targeted for destruction , colleen rub she temple . colleen ( v.o. ) if feel like it 's go to explode . cafe a hole pop in the window and a vase with a black rise in it explode on the table . Ford and colleen be oblivious to the fly petal and the spurting water . colleen damnit ... you be right last night . Jonathan and I be into more than sex . along with Bobby vomit , right after old Jack grendel die , we take part in a scheme to rip off grendel record ... I do not want you involved ... ford but I be ... Ford bring a coffee cup toward its lip . the cup explode . ford what cheap shit ... hey , waiter ! colleen we invest in this factory . in Vancouver . ford hold that think . be we be shot at ? Ford laugh . colleen laugh . they laugh louder . ford I finally get you to laugh . suddenly serious , Ford and colleen bound away from the table into the seethe mass . ext . nearby rooftop - night the punk gunslinger and the heavy Metal gunslinger throw down they rifle ( connect to huge silencer ) in self - disgust . ext . grungy downtown club - night Ford and colleen exhale happily , move through the crowd . colleen that be close ... ford what do this Vancouver factory do ? the clubhound swell between they , separate they . colleen shout above the zomby ' head ... colleen I have not tell you the important part ! smiley suddenly abracadabra behind colleen . her face contort in agony and she fall . smiley bashes he way outward as a futile Ford twist and push to colleen . a knife have be farme in she spleen . she croak up she last word ... colleen Art mo-o-o-ney ! ford thanks , I need that . ext . downtown club - night smiley emerge out of the club , grin into a walkie- talkie . smiley you asshole owe I a Big gulp . the sound of thunder be hear ... int . downtown club - dawn a dark daylight beat against the club along with fall rain . the music have stop and the place have be emptied of its ultra-cool swarm , replace by the familiar cacophony of policeman and coroner officer . a black bodybag be carry through the table past a melancholy Ford , who sit , contemplate shot black rise petal until ... lo. amos have a problem , call Ford fairlane . he will not solve you case , but who care , you will be dead in a couple day anyway . let 's face it . after today , the California raisin be not gonna hire you . ford that 's okay . I be quit the music detective business to become a cop killer . pay 's the same , but it will be much more fun . lo. amos God , I wish I could prove you kill everybody . unfortunately , I know who the real killer be . ford really ? Lt. amo hold up a picture of Zuzu petal blow a kiss . lo. amos it 's some psycho killer groupie . I get a anonymous letter that say she kill Bobby vomit , johnny crunch , and now , this society dame . ford once I get a anonymous letter say that the world would be destroy by a giant purple raindrop . I do not even buy a fuck umbrella ... you be in too many discos during the seventies . the Village people rotted you brain . lo. amos that 's the difference between a great investigator like I and a piece of spam like you . you look at this picture and all you see be beauty . I see the beast . ext . outside club / jazz' volkswagen - dawn in counterpoint to Lt. amo , Zuzu be see babbling into a car phone in Jazz 's volkswagen , park outside the club . zuzu yeah , on a car phone ! no , he 's not a guitarist ... he 's better ... he 's a rock - n- roll detec -- ext . car oblivious to the rain , Jazz lean against she bug with she arm fold meaningfully , watch Ford head toward she . jazz you okay ? ford Lieutenant anus have discover the cold - blooded killer behind everything . jazz who ? Ford motion to inside the car . Zuzu chatter away . when she see she 's be watch , she goofily wave ... jazz ah , a obvious choice . ford let 's get she out of here , before she start a shoot -out . Drop we at my place . Jazz open the passenger door for Ford . as he get in , compassionate look be exchange . Jazz close the door . int . ford be house - night a pretty tired Ford and a never tired Zuzu enter chez fairlane , the latter swinging she purse . zuzu why be you depressed ? you get in all the club , you never pay cover ... ford stop . we still get serious detective stuff to do , but we have be up all night so we should hit the sack for ... zuzu ( teasing ) what a perv ... Ford shake he head and fumble with the bedroom door as Zuzu somersault onto the couch and retrieve a remote control . zuzu let 's watch some ' m.t.v . ' ford people still watch that ? zuzu who care about people ? Zuzu slide up into a sit position on the back of the couch and raise the remote control ... ford' bedroom Ford snap on the light . his koala bear be hang from a noose ! ford Zuzu ! live room Zuzu press the remote control . bah --oom ! the televi - sion explode , blow Zuzu off the couch against the back wall . Ford rush into the smoky , rape , and abuse live room and bolt down to the daze and blacken Zuzu . Ford shake she into some sort of consciousness . ford Zuzu , wake up ... zuzu hah fluck , great video , huh ? ford be you okay ? zuzu okay ? I just blow up . I feel orgasmic . Ford glance up to see flame flicker at the curtain of he jimi hendrix guitar shrine . with a mute howl of pain , he let go of he grip on Zuzu , let she head clunk to the floor . ford puh-leeze ... he speed to the curtain and pull . the guitar be go . Ford gasp for breath while Zuzu move into a wobbly stand position behind he . she walk out of view as Ford 's anger find sound . ford my axe ! zuzu ( o.s. ) Ford , do you get something cooking in the microwave ? Ford stop gasp . he race into he ... kitchenette where Zuzu stand before a microwave oven , calmly comb ash out of she hair . the timer read 00:09 ... 00:08 ... ford out ! Ford grab Zuzu by the hand and yank she toward the door . zuzu wait , my purse ! Zuzu break off from Ford to retrieve she purse on the ground . ford wait , my purse ? Zuzu zoom back and grab Ford 's hand , pull he out the door . ext . outside ford' house - night Ford and Zuzu burst from the house and dive onto the grass , head down . a pause then a familiar beeping sound sig - nall the end of a microwave cycle . Zuzu lift she head . zuzu maybe it be just a pot pie . bah - oom ! a corner of the house neatly explode . Ford , lighting up a cigarette , and Zuzu achingly move into stand position to watch the gently bellowing rubble . neighbor come out of they place to take part in the fun . the kid slowly approach from behind the transfix Ford and Zuzu . his eye be black , he lip bleed , and he shirt be tear . the kid I try to stop they , man . Ford spin around and the kid collapse in he hand . the kid I be sorry ... ford shut up , you dummy . who do this to you ? the kid this two guy in long cowboy coat and real nice suit . I think armani . they be go through you stuff with screwdriver and shit ... I do what you would have do . ford run to the nearest phone and call the police . the kid fuck that , I mean , the heck with that . I kick they ass ! ( cough ) well , I try . there be two of they you know ... ford Jesus , how could you be so stupid ? come on , we be go to a hospital . the kid stand up and wiggle away from Ford . he start march away toward the beach . Ford follow ... the kid I try to help you ...! ford and hey , I appreciate it ... the kid ( turn back ) where 's my father ? have you even look ? ford yeah , uh , I get some pretty good lead ... the kid liar ! you do not care ! about anything . the kid run off . Ford gruffly exhales and turn to a arm -cross Zuzu , who be not pleased about what she have see . Ford and Zuzu straggle over to Ford 's fairlane with nice , new tire . Ford pull out he alarm beeper and raise it . ford well , at least the guy at the garage bring my baby back . Ford press the alarm beeper button ... bah - oom ! ext . OPEN road - late afternoon batter and burn like Road warrior extras , Ford and Zuzu drift down the side of the road . they wearily extend they thumb at a pass car . ford why the music industry ? Ford fairlane , detective of the fisherman . a weensy sport car contain two rich frat boy swerve to the side of the road . as Ford and Zuzu rush to the car , the frat boy laugh and ride off . the license plate read unpoor . ford ah ! mo-ther - fu -- Ford be about to lose it when suddenly melodi , the killer cute nymph from the club daintily pull up in a cabriolet . melodi hi , private eye guy ! ford hey , the poet ... ext . outside sorority house - night melodi buoyantly grab a doorknob beneath some incom - prehensible Greek letter . Ford and Zuzu try to brush themselves off . melodi oh wow , hide out from cold blooded killer . the sister be go to die ... melodi swing open the door lead the viewer into : sorority house with a burst of loud music , the most ludicrous manife - tation of the classic college - girl - behind - close - door fantasy unfold in eye-popping fashion . Girls in short - short be aerobicize to the music , girl in calvin klein underwear with shred tank top be engage in a intense game of twister . a gorgeous girl precariously hold a towel against she body as she try to iron she garfield panty , two girl in negligee bite into they corn dog . a girl wear only a strategic length T-shirt be tipping she bare toe , try to change a bulb . melodi hey , troops , here 's that rock and ' roll detective I tell you about . ford ( in a trance ) hebedeebuh . hebedeebuh . maybe I do die in the explosion . zuzu I know the feel . this must be hell . can you believe , a fluck sorority ... I be gonna vomit Day - glo . ford ye - ah. sure . Zuzu turn to the stunne Ford and laughingly spanks he as the sorority sister scamper over . zuzu do not forget , Jazz , bonewad . int . ford' office - night Jazz sit at she desk in the dimly , eerily light office . the phone ring . Jazz hit the speaker button , speak somberly . jazz hello , Ford ... ford ( v.o. ) what be you do at the office ? you would not believe what I have go through tonight ... I be call from the mega beta pogo sorority . int . sorority kitchenette Ford speak on a wall phone while achingly watch a girl in a teddy slowly fill up a balloon in a faucet . ford mmmh ! my house be blow up , my car be blow up , and my koala bear be not in too great a shape , either . ( pause ) ' that 's too bad . ' all you can say be ' that 's too bad . ' int . office the viewer' viewpoint pull out on Jazz in the eerily - light office . the punk gunslinger stand behind she , point a gun . the heavy metal gunslinger sit across from she , do the same . jazz yes , Ford , that 's all I can say . int . sorority house the girl have form a giggle circle around Ford . each sip a silly - color wine cooler . Zuzu be grudgingly have fun , too . ford so , then springsteen say to madonna , ' hey , I only eat lime jell -o ... ' Ford gloat as the Girls laugh and applaud . sorority sister one do Van halen sleep in the nude ? sorority sister two do Debbie Gibson sleep with Van halen ? sorority sister three be sting really a asshole ? weird sorority sister if axl Rose be reincarnate as a black woman would he be jodie whatley or aretha ... melodi sister , sister , give Ford a break . what do you say we induct he as a honorary member ... sister yeah ! Ford wolfishly grin . Zuzu roll she eye . int . ford' office - night the heavy Metal gunslinger bob up from a phone book . heavy metal gunslinger I get a address for the sorority . punk gunslinger ( turn to Jazz ) it 's a tough business ... heavy metal gunslinger if you ever have a son , I hope he dog die ... the punk gunslinger push Jazz back against the heavy Metal gunslinger . the Metal gunslinger grab she arm while the punk grab she leg . they swing Jazz back and forth three time before heaving she smash ! through the plate glass window of the office . int . sorority house - night the sister stand in semi-darkness around Ford , each hold a light candle , and each wear only a special robe . Ford be also wear a robe over boxer short . sister quantas -- jujubees -- salcido -- Ford fairlane -- quantas -- jujubees ... Ford look over to Zuzu who stand by the window do a " jerk off " motion . Ford smile , until he look ... Pov - through window the two gunslinger ride up in a Jeep without they light on . sorority house Ford spin to the sister . ford everybody , blow ! the sister blow out they candle . ext . sorority lawns still in he robe , Ford bound across the lawn of various sorority lawn until he be far from the malevolent Jeep . Ford stand at the top of a inclined street . he look to the Jeep at the foot of the hill before turn next to he . next to he be the sport car with the unpoor license plate . Ford reach down to the emergency brake . int . jeep the two gunslinger intensely load they gun . the punk gunslinger look up , then back down , and suddenly back up again with a squeal . the sport car be come right at they . too late to run . the sport car sail right into the jeep , wound it with a loud crunch . frat boy pile out of the across - the-street - party with howl . unpoor frat boy driver du-ude , they execute my midget ! the frat boy thunder towards the Jeep . the punk gunslinger exhales a " this be not my night " breath before pull out a uzi . he sprays a line of car park before the fraternity , shatter window , set off car alarm , and send scared frat boy run away squealing . police siren can be hear in the distance . punk gunslinger it 's cut - our-loss time , dude . the jeep start to screech off , but then stop and back up so the heavy Metal gunslinger can lob a grenade into the sport car . the unpoor frat Boy Driver watch in agony as he car explode . Ford come up from behind he , take the Boy 's hand and extend the thumb . Ford grin . sorority a victorious Ford strut into the sorority to much applause . Ford look down to a box of water balloon and pull out one with each hand . High -energy music be play on the stereo . ford all work and no play make Ford a dull boy . sorority sister one Water balloon fight ! melodi sister , do not get you robe wet . the sorority sister all start to yank off they robe when suddenly a crumpled and bloody Jazz enter the house . jazz why do we have to have a office on the second floor ? Jazz begin to collapse . Ford drop he water balloon and catch she . jazz I come to warn you ... ford oh , Jazz , that bastard ... call a ambulance ! get that music off ! zuzu sure , I have a much more appropriate C.D. Bobby sneak it into my purse the day he die . it be so romantic ... Zuzu pull out the red number one Black vomit C.D. from she purse . she go to the compact disc player and slide it in . the painful computer screech : scre -e-e-e ! buzz ! shshshshshsh ! come croaking out the speaker . the sorority sister hold they ear , whimper in pain , while Zuzu obliviously try to dance to it . Ford and Jazz smile at each other . melodi this be not music ! ford it be to we ! it 's computerise . Jazz take the Black vomit compact disc case ( with a red number on it ) from Jazz and hold it up . jazz I believe the last time we come across one of this , be at the ballet . what be you word ... ( in Ford 's gruff , facetious tone ) 'a fuck c.d . this case be close . ' ford ( smile ) I have always say the one reason I be the best detective in the industry be that I be the only one ... but hey , I never throw away a clue ... Ford triumphantly pull the small toy duck from he pocket . he frown and throw it away , then pull out colleen 's c.d . ford sister , the sorority computer ... another corner of sorority house - later the entire sorority and Zuzu be huddle around a seat Ford and slightly - clean - up Jazz , who be bang away at a computer . ford aha , just what I suspect ! jazz you be not funny . the computer screen be fill with incomprehensible , scramble nonsense . zuzu this be boring , guy . ford Zuzu , be quiet . put in colleen 's disc . number two . Jazz slide colleen 's disc in the C.D. modem . more scramble nonsense of a different kind appear on the screen . all girl bor-re . ford hey ! jazz hmmm , the first disc be put out a incomprehensible stream of high bit . this one be put out low bit . the data be in some fuck binary system . the two disc need to interface simultaneously with a third decryptor disc . comprendo ? ford su-ure . two people hire I to find Zuzu in order to get hold of one of that disc and colleen throw a tizz when we take hers . obviously , all this binary disc shit be pretty mighty . ( stand up ) but it 's not necessary . people be dead . one be a friend . the same people be involved in a scam to rip off grendel record . bottom line 's Julian grendel be do a little revenge number ... sorority sister # 1 you be make quite a jump ... sorority sister # 2 do you have any proof ? sorority sister # 3 you can not just go up to Julian grendel and say ... Ford cut they off with a deadpan blink . ford Jazz , get to a hospital . Zuzu and I be go to feel thing out with Mr. grendel . if I do not call in a hour ... hell , I do not know . int . julian grendel' office - night bizarrely - over-the-top-high -tech . strange furniture -- gold record -- the spooky portrait of Julian and he father . a nighttime cityscape sparkles through the window . awning mean for sunlight jut out and block moonlight . bath by high - tech lighting , wear a tuxedo , Julian grendel be pound a feverishly - modulate classical tune on a piano . when the viewer take in the sight of a confuse Ford and Zuzu stand off to the side , the latter blow gum bubbles , it be revealed that Julian 's piano be literally soundless . the piano have have all its chord rip out . the classical piece exist only in Julian 's brain and on the soundtrack . Julian 's actual play produce only a dull click sound . ford uh , nice piano . probably get a lot of complaint from the neighbor -- heh ... it 's another time , Julian , another place . if I tell you Bobby vomit , johnny crunch , and colleen sutton be the one you be complain about , the one who try to rip you off , what would you reaction be ? grendel ( wry ) shock . ford and if I tell you that you already know all that shit , and that you have they kill , what would you do then ? grendel golly , I would probably faint . suddenly , smiley , smile in another tie - dye shirt , non - chalantly walk into the room carry a couple shirt in cleaner bag in he black - glove hand . zuzu uh-oh . smiley bro , they still can not get that spot out . grendel downs Ford with a punch to the gut and tear the CD from Ford 's pocket . smiley laugh and whimsically shake he head . zuzu Ford , you be right ! ford ye - ah . Julian pick up a remote control and zap a stereo . a dramatic classical piece float on . he then coolly pop open the drawer of three CD modem beneath a large computer screen . he plunk a disc in each ... grendel actually you be a bit off in the motivation department ... I mean , revenge be so ... bronson . ( furious , come to the third modem ) wait , where 's the third c.d .? how could you come here without proof ? it 's a three piece set here ! a computer disc from colleen , Bobby 's computer disc , and johnny 's computer disc . together they make , oh fuck forget it ! ford yeah , yeah , I know the third one unscramble the high bit and the low bit . shit , just start torture I , man . I do not even know johnny have a disc and I can not deal with any ' do not play game with I , Mr. fairlane ' bullshit . grendel do not play game ... ugh . do you say you do not have the third ... ugh . ( a beat of contemplation ) I be not go to torture you , Ford . the two gunslinger enter and along with everyone else in the room , look to Zuzu who obliviously pop a bubblegum bubble . grendel not she , Ford . I be afraid sometimes a pussy be just a pussy , but a 1962 fender stratocaster with a original humbuck pick-up , maple neck , strung upside down for a left-handed genius -- jimi hendrix , be something else entirely . the punk gunslinger lift up Ford 's beloved guitar out from under a couch in the office as smiley bolt behind Ford and hold he arm behind he back . ford no! u-gh ! punk gunslinger hey , that 's the sound you koala bear make when we hang it . grendel throw down the 2 / 3 and take the guitar from the punk . he gently place the guitar on the table and take a comfy seat position on the couch . he flick a switchblade and lower it toward the guitar . grendel it do not have to be like this ? ford oh God , please , do not ! grendel fiendishly pluck a guitar string with the knife . Ford act as if it be cut off he tongue instead . grendel do not you think this guitar would look a lot neater with Ford 's name on it ? gunslingers ooooooh , yeah . the punk begin carve the letter F on the front of the guitar . Ford get dizzy . smiley have to slap he awake . ford rape ! the punk gunslinger remove a power drill from he coat pocket and hand the cord to the heavy Metal gunslinger who scamper to a outlet to plug it in . Julian take the drill and turn it on , gunning the power with wick bliss . ford okay ! okay . you get I . Boy , you guy be tough . I have the third disc . indeed . i. do . yes , sir . ( smile , a light bulb dimly lighting ) yeah you asshole , it 's in a very safe place with instruction to have it send directly to the police if I do not make a phone call by seven o'clock . so if you will excuse we ... grendel it 's 7:30 . you really should get a watch . ford ah , I do not say seven p.m. , now do I ? grendel laugh and light up a cigarette . he motion for smiley to let go of Ford . Ford proceed to light up a cigarette also . grendel ford. ford. Ford . it 's too bad it have to end like this . we could have be friend . we be so much alike . we both know ' rock - N - Roll ' be all bullshit . that life be a disease and everyone 's a victim . Hell , we even smoke the same brand of cigarettes . Ford be spook . he toss he cigarette away . ford I just give up smoking . a last drink ? grendel I be run a little late . you see , I be have a party at the Club to introduce the new lead singer for Black vomit . everyone in the industry will be there , include we friend , Don Cleveland . ford what about Don ? grendel before Black vomit start its set , Don will have he head blow off . the papers next week will reveal that he be partner with Bobby , johnny , and collie in ' the grendel record scam . ' he kill they to pay off a debt to ' the mob ' or something lame like that . and then the mob iced he . it 's all more tasteful than it sound . zuzu ( o.s. ) I can not believe you guy hang a koala bear ... everyone turn in dismay to the batty girl . the heavy Metal gunslinger be work the bar . zuzu that be . so. graphic . I mean I be still in shock here . you know I have a dream about a priest hang a koala bear during my first communion ... grendel ( read lip ) be she say what I think she 's ... ford I be afraid so , you want she ? zuzu but you know , that be just a dream . do not really count . ford & grendel shut up ! the Metal gunslinger bring Julian and Ford each a glass of vodka . ford ( raise he glass ) Julian , you be evil incarnate . and you know , while I be a little angry that you be go to kill I and all , I gotta salute you toughness . life throw you lemon , and gall darnit , you make lemonade . Julian grendel , guy like you do not grow on tree . here 's to you ... ( smash the glass into Julian 's head ) suck my dick . grendel spin off , howling in pain . the punk and heavy Metal gunslinger rush toward Ford but he dispatch both of they with swift punch . smiley though grab he from behind and hold he arm . smiley take a free hit , bro . come on ... grendel sure ... grendel wipe off he face and step toward Ford . he then stop and with all he might , backhand Zuzu across the face , send she tumble to the floor . he smile and then give she a kick in the rib for good measure . Ford break from smiley and rush down to Zuzu . grendel kill they . not quickly . ford be you okay ? zuzu if you ask I that question one more ... as Zuzu speak , Ford reach in she mouth and pull out she gum with one hand . with the other hand , he remove one of she earring . ford when I say ' no , ' run for the door . grendel ( pause at doorway ) oh , wait . one sec . open the window . the heavy Metal gunslinger pries open the window . Julian pick up Ford 's guitar with two hand and heave it over Ford and Zuzu 's head and out the window . ford shit . grendel ciao . grendel and the punk gunslinger make a brisk exit . the heavy Metal gunslinger draw he gun while smiley smile and crack he knuckle . for stand up and speak whimsically ... ford do not hurt I ? smiley punch Ford across the jaw -- snap he head back . he then grab he by the collar and thrust he across the wall -- smack -- over the desk -- into the wall . right next to a wall socket . Zuzu felinely kneel before the heavy Metal gunslinger , sneakily pick up the 2 / 3 C.D. from the floor . heavy metal gunslinger now we be talk ... Ford jam the earring from he right hand into the chew gum from he leave hand and then shove they into a wall socket . ford now ! Zuzu punch the gunslinger in the groin -- the earring spark -- and the light go out . the classical music grind to a halt and give way to the sound of grunt and punch . int . hallway Ford round a corner , hold a hand . ford move it ! Ford pull the hand around the corner . it belong to the daze heavy Metal gunslinger . Ford with a brutal yank , pull he into he knee , double he up . Ford watch he drop to the floor as Zuzu round the corner hold she eye . zuzu Nice leave you get there , jerk . ford sorry , it be dark , now come on . another corridor Ford and Zuzu race around another corridor . Zuzu see a door -- " roof access " -- she open it . zuzu this way ... ford no , wait ... smiley and the heavy Metal gunslinger chug around the corner . Ford follow Zuzu ... ext . roof - night Ford and Zuzu stumble out of a door , smack into a giant 10 - foot needle jutting into the night sky . Ford immediately wield back around and grab for the roof access door , but it have close . he try to open it , but it have lock . a bullet explode the lock . zuzu suck a dick , I leave my purse ... ford as Clark gable say to ava gardner in mogambo : ' fuck the purse , we be gonna die - e-e . ' zuzu reality - reality - reality -- outrageous building , huh ? ford ye - ah . very wide - capital record build a 14 - story stack of record on Hollywood and vine . circular awning ring each floor create the illusion of a tower of disc . ext . capitol roof smiley and the Metal gunslinger plow onto the roof . alone ! ext . 14 th floor ledge Ford and Zuzu be climb down and around the side of the building . the ledge be about a foot wide -- the sheet metal awning jut down and out at a forty - five degree angle just under and out from the ledge . ford and you say I never take you anywhere . the two of they shimmy and sway along the edge until they reach a space in the awning . Ford start to lower himself through the space to the next level , nine foot below . ext . capital roof smiley look over the edge -- straight down . between the crack we can see Ford and Zuzu on they precarious journey . smiley let 's rock . the gunslinger give he a " you have get to be kid " look . smiley keep smile . nope . the Metal gunslinger take off he gunslinger coat and he armani jacket . ext . 12 th floor awning Zuzu 's foot dangle -- she hit the tiny ledge . Ford steady she . Ford try to open a window , but it 's lock . he try the next one -- they be all lock . Ford kick the window . bonk ! -- the glass bounce , unaffected -- whoa ! -- Ford teeter from the hit -- fall -- Zuzu grab he and pull he back up . ford pretty smooth , huh ? zuzu smooth . I know this be dangerous and everything but it 's kind of fun . ever see " batman , " you know when batman and Robin be climb up the side of the building and somebody stick they head outside the window and say ... I forget what they say but it 's pretty funny . ford why have you come to my planet ? a bullet zing by ! Zuzu shriek -- they look up . between the space , the Metal gunslinger point the business end of a gun between the awning from the 14th floor ledge . ford around ! they move along the side of the building -- make for the next space in the awning . different ledge - with smiley smiley hit the ledge and teeter . he steady and move on . 11 th floor - ford and zuzu drop down -- start work they way through the next gap . wide and high on all this the shot spin around the Capitol Building . Ford and Zuzu be zigging and zag and drop down . the Metal gunslinger follow they from a few floor above -- go leave and right . smiley be concentrate on go straight down . heavy metal gunslinger prepare to go down . stick he gun in he mouth , he slap down on the rim of the next ledge ... ninth floor - right between ford and zuzu ford / zuzu wow . his gun still in he mouth , the gunslinger swing and flap he arm try to get he equilibrium . falling backward , he yelp out of the corner of he gun-clench mouth . heavy metal gunslinger he-lp . Zuzu instinctively reach out for he . and grab the gun . and the trigger . she innocently blows the back of he head off . the corpse bounce off the awning ... zuzu oops . ext . vine - atop wonder bread tour bus - night on the roof of the wonder bread tour bus , a tour guide be blabbing through a bullhorn to a bunch of seat tourist . tour guide the building be a symbol for the music industry , a business where anything can happen and usually ... the corpse of the heavy Metal gunslinger slam down before he with a crash that turn into a gape hole on the bus . tour guide ... do . back to ninth floor Zuzu fling the gun away from herself . zuzu ick . ford I will not ask why you would want to help someone try to kill you , but hey , good job . shall we ? Ford help Zuzu drop she foot into the hap ... and smiley 's hand jut up and grab Zuzu 's leg . smiley be in midair pull down on Zuzu . he must have jump up to snatch they . smiley how 's it go ? eighth floor smiley and Zuzu fall down as one . slap ! -- smiley hit the ledge -- let 's go of Zuzu -- and she fall outward . clang ! -- Zuzu slam into the slant metal awning -- she foot slide out from underneath she like a bad ice skater -- she reach for the ledge -- miss -- but slap ! she grab onto the top edge of the awning . she lay there , at a forty - five degree angle , she foot stick out into the atmosphere . and smiley stand right above she grin . smiley rest a steadying hand on the wall -- stick he foot out towards the top of the awning -- towards Zuzu 's finger . zuzu oh , fo-ord ! thunk -- Ford drop from above and land on the ledge behind smiley . smiley 's glove hand lunge out at Ford and grab he throat . Ford shoot he hand out and lock they on smiley 's neck . Zuzu hang on for dear life as Ford and smiley squeeze - push-twist -- both almost dependant on the other to keep balance . bore , smiley decide to finish off Ford . he swing Ford 's head out a bit , then in , smash Ford 's skull against the building . the force of the smash knock they both off balance . they twist -- tip -- let go of each other -- and both fall -- clang ! -- clang ! -- onto the metal awning right next to Zuzu -- smiley in the middle . each hold on with one hand to the creaking awning , they both start to wail punch on each other . then kick . zuzu fluck this . Zuzu get into the act . with she nail . and smiley 's eye . she rip away blindly at he face . smiley yell . he lose he grip and start to slide down -- until he grab Ford 's belt . Ford gleefully unloosen he belt and let a desperate and descend smiley yank it all the way out . Ford reach out to the belt at the last second . he savor the sight of smiley hang on for dear life . ford I want you to say that you be the biggest sissy in the whole wide world . smiley I be . the. biggest . sissy . in. the. wide. World . ford okay . ' B -y-e ! before Ford can let go of the belt , he catch sight of smiley 's glove rip open revealing a snoopy -in - a fighter - pilot - suit ring , just like he so n's , the kid . the " snoopy and the Red Baron " song plays a couple of beat . Ford look to God . ford hey. God . you be a asshole . zuzu let go of the belt ! what be you do ? you get mad at I for try to save the other guy . smiley start to pull himself back up as Ford contemplate . ford I can not kill this kid 's father ... zuzu who do you think you be , Ford ? the tooth fairy . kill ! kill ! kill ! ford this be fuck unbelievable . Zuzu , it 's a long story , you see ... smiley suddenly lurch up to Ford 's neck and start strangling away . and that 's when the awning bend -- it be not build for this . the angle change from forty - five to twenty - five as all three people slam down and bounce . the snoopy come off in Ford 's hand . they all lose they grip . and free fall . in midair , Zuzu latch onto Ford 's leg and smiley latch onto Zuzu 's leg . Ford 's elbow crunch through the edge of the next metal awning . his encrust elbow be the only thing that be keep the dangle three - way chain of himself , Zuzu and smiley from death . all three howl and scream in amusing syncopation . Ford look to he leave and stop scream . hanging from two good guitar string , off a building thermometer , be the guitar . Ford loudly cheer and break into a rendition of " purple haze . " ford ' Excuse I , while I kiss the sky . ' ( loudly hum a ' haze ' riff ) whoooo ! oh , God , buddy , I be sorry for call you a asshole . you be number one , man ! hey , Zuzu , look I find my guitar . Ford look down to Zuzu who be rightfully wail she head off . Ford be slap back into reality . Ford look over to he guitar , back down to Zuzu , then up to God . he whine . ford you be tear I apart , here ! Ford reach over to he guitar and unhook it from the thermometer with he free hand . ford sorry , jimi . Ford fiercely fling down he guitar . it blaze down into smiley 's face . smiley let go of Zuzu with a final howl . Ford and the viewer watch the guitar swirl and spin in the air before crunching to the ground . Zuzu climb up Ford 's back and into the frame . zuzu thanks . I know how much that thang mean to you . they semi-romantically kiss . Zuzu squeal in mock indignation . zuzu hello , Mr. tongue ! what a perv . ford ( smile ) you wish . come on , let 's get outta here . entrance to capital record build - later placidly sit before the viewer . suddenly , Ford and Zuzu , drop down from the top of the frame and land on they foot , they back turn to the camera . they stand shellshocked and motionless for a moment , until Ford turn around and try to catch he breath . Zuzu 's body language say that she still think she 's on a ledge . a amiable tourist couple approach the devastate duo . amiable male tourist Excuse I , could you give we direction to the Mann chinese theatre ? ford go back to Michigan , asswipe . amiable male tourist but we be from Wisconsin ... ford what 's the fuck difference ? the tourist flee , flabbergasted . Ford go to comfort Zuzu . ford be you okay ? zuzu ( glaring ) there 's that question ... Jazz rush up to the surly pair , wear a eyepatch and a forearm cast . jazz how would it go ? Ford and Zuzu give Jazz the look of death before contin - uing down the sidewalk , they head drearily look down . ford you timing swallow the massive one . grendel just try to kill we , he 's about to frame and kiss Don , and we can not do shit . do not even ask about that disc . goddamn that Art Mooney with a star by he name ! it 's tie to johnny 's C.D. , I know . jazz johnny 's c.d.? zuzu maybe Art Mooney 's the name of like a constellation ... jazz and maybe the star correlate with a map in the Thomas guide ... sound pretty decaf , do not it ? Jazz and Zuzu futiley look in the air as Ford move for - ward with he head still down . Ford suddenly stop and speak with a increasingly beatific smile . ford lady , life 's not that complicated . the woman race back to Ford as he fall to he knee and howl ... ford Art , baby ! the viewer' viewpoint wildly swing around and down to see a star , a Hollywood walk of Fame star . " Art Mooney " be print just above a five inch record symbol . the lady kneel down to the brain-race Ford . zuzu oh how sweet , you friend 's get he own star . ford artartartartmooneymooneymooney Mooney . Ford frantically massage the star . he dig he nail into the little record symbol and pop ! it flip off the star , revealing a five inch hole . a silvery rainbow sparkle come from that inch . Ford stick he finger in -- and pull out a compact disc ( a red number three right on the disc ) . a Black vomit one . the third CD . excite theme music crank on the soundtrack until ... int . the club - night a dazzle assortment of music industry - type bark and laugh with each other in a decidedly unfrivolous manner . this be not a typical club scene . everyone here ooze importance . Julian grendel work the crowd like Zeus , the classical piece play in he head and on the soundtrack . int . julian be office - night the more modern theme music take over as Ford , Jazz , and Zuzu barge into the room and head to grendel 's computer . int . the club the classical music of Julian 's brain return as he kiss each one of the ovary . int . julian be office - night the modern music usurp . Ford , Jazz , and Zuzu each raise up a remote control and fire . the three , fill , CD modem door slide shut . int . the club the short club owner , Jaime and Larry , converge on Julian . jaime this be the best party ever throw here ... grendel it 's go to be a night to remember ... int . grendel' office the trio deal with a barrage of fact and figure on the computer screen . ford what a interface ! jazz seem to be information about a factory in Vancouver . ford yeah , colleen mention it . what do they make ? jazz C.D.s . the music kind . from the grendel label . ford without grendel know about it . b-i- n-g-o and bingo be he name -o . counterfeit C.D.s . tape piracy have graduate to disc piracy , the sound quality 's better , and so 's the money . jazz but the funny thing be , take a look at this swiss bank account number . we get Bobby , johnny , colleen ... and Julian grendel . int . the club grendel keep move to genially thwap Don Cleveland on the back . don I wish you could hear the buzz this party be make ... grendel I can feel it , man ... can I talk to you in private ... grendel ominously grab Don 's elbow with a chill grin . int . grendel' office the gang take it all in . zuzu grendel be in charge of the rip off of the company . jazz it start after Old Jack grendel die , the other be just investor . ford after they initial investment in the factory , grendel do not need they . told they to fuck off . they try to get this C.D.s together in order to have proof of grendel 's involvement , so they could keep he in line . now 's the fun part ... jazz I can not believe I lose a eye for a bunch of phony C.D.s they race to the door . Zuzu get there first . zuzu oh God , the door 's lock . we be go to have to crawl down ! ford and zuzu no ! zuzu ( gleefully open the door ) psyche . ext . alley behind club - night grendel , Don , and the punk gunslinger stand tensely together . grendel what can I say , Don , it 's business . ( to punk gunslinger ) dump the body in , let 's say , Chinatown . Julian ooze back into the club . the punk gunslinger raise he silencer - gun to Don 's chest ... just as Jazz 's volkswagen storm into the alley . the big bashes the punk send he fly over the car and crash on the ground . Ford , Jazz , and Zuzu giddily bop out of the car . ford hey , Don , how 's the high blood pressure . don could somebody tell I what 's go on ? like slo-owly ... zuzu you-see-it-all -start -with -this - factory -in-vancouver - and there 's this -c.d.s ... ford I will mail you a letter , come on ! Ford , Zuzu , and Don go into the club . a grinningly cock - sure Jazz walk around to the crumpled punk gunslinger , who achingly try to crawl toward he gun . jazz let 's see , you throw I through a plate glass window and I hit you with my volkswagen . I think we be in for a fair fight . the gunslinger spring up and punch Jazz in the gut . she gasp . jazz maybe not ... int . club - stage holding a radio mike , grendel be in the throes of grandiosity . grendel they make joke about the music industry . they say it 's cutthroat , they say it 's cynical , well we know the truth ! there 's a lot of love in this room tonight , but , but ... a flash of reflect light hit grendel 's face cause he to wince . he wiggle he head and continue ... grendel but I have talk long enough . now , the moment you have be wait for . I would like you to meet the new singer for Black vomit ... Kyle Troy ! Kyle Troy , the untalented prettyboy from the studio come out , wear a heavy metal - style wig , to the bullshit applause of the crowd . he be accompany by a security guard . grendel put down the radio mike to applaud Kyle . the flash of reflect light hit grendel a little more fiercely . annoy , he look offstage to its source . grendel be Pov - offstage Ford fairlane stand offstage wave the compact disc in the light and smile . closeup - ford exaggeratedly mouth ... ford read . my. lips. you be . going. down . another angle grendel 's face drop and then switch back to a wide counterfeit grin , grendel shuffles away from Kyle and the flashbulb . he step over the radio mike he place down on the stage . a nubile hand reach over the stage and grab it . ext . alley Jazz and the punk gunslinger crash into the volkswagen , shove , grapple , and kick . they crunch down onto the ground . the gunslinger dive toward he gun . but a foot step on it . Jazz and the punk look up to see a quite dapper Sam the ex - sleaze . SAM I use to be just like you , abuse woman to hide my emotional insecurity . I realize now that a little insecurity be good for a man . jazz Sam the sleazebag to the rescue ! a daze punk gunslinger leap up and swing he fist at Sam , who catch it with one hand . SAM you be ten second away from the most embarrassing moment of you life . Sam and the punk engage in a violent howling , wrestle match . the punk nail Sam with a kidney punch and then bolt toward he gun . Jazz stand before he hold it nervously . she lift up she eyepatch to get better aim . jazz please say you will not move ! I do not want to shoot you , actually I would not mind , but please , say you will not move . punk gunslinger ( charge toward she ) die , whore ! jazz I guess that 's a no ... Jazz empties the gun into he chest , send he to the ground . Sam wearily rise up . jazz come on , Sam , vodka milkshake be on I . int . backstage grendel hungrily bolt into the backstage area , mock -worry . ford you would say something about proof ... grendel oh please , Ford , I will do any -- grendel humbly approach Ford but then level a karate - style kick into Ford 's rib . he snatch the CD from Ford and split it apart in the three piece . he savagely begin eat the CD piece , bloodily cut he lip . Ford pull five more CD 's from he pocket . ford and may I suggest for dessert , the five copy I make ... grendel fuck I ... ford maybe later , but first I want like to know why you would steal from you own company ... grendel when I be young , I read billboard and I could not believe how much grendel record and how little of it my idiot father Old Jack grendel get . ford yeah , it 's pretty amazing how much cash you gotta give to the actual artist who create the music . that ingrates really take a bite . but seriously , when pop die , you get vomit , crunch , and sutton to help finance a C.D. clean operation . you get greedy and they try to get the three disc together to threaten you , but ... grendel what be this , be you hold a microphone behind my head ? holding the radio mike , Zuzu scamper up behind grendel with giddy self - consciousness at the adventure at hand . as grendel launch into a tirade , Zuzu hold up the mike just behind he . she react to he word with over - the - top facial expression . grendel I should kill more music people ! when I be sixteen , I write a opera , the great piece of music ever create in the 20th century outside the dirty Dancing soundtrack . it be call ' paco the shoeshine Boy . ' when I show it to my father , he say it ' be not happen . ' that 'no playlist worth he while would touch it '! club the crowd rumble into silence to listen in shock to grendel 's word come over the loudspeaker . grendel ( v.o. ) let 's face it , make money be the only art form open to innovation . whoever say they're in the business because they like music be a lie pathetic piece of shit or total idiot like Kyle Troy ... stage a tear stream down Kyle 's face . offstage grendel continue to dig he own grave with Zuzu have a ball in the b.g. , exploit he deafness with commentary . zuzu be this guy flucked up or what ? I think he 's go to blow ! grendel the day my father turn down ' paco ' I dedicated my life to take over this fuck industry and make it so disgusting , so sleazy , and so corrupt that it would have to self - destruct ! I even piss in the punchbowl tonight ... club a line of industry type by the punch bowl , simultan - eously spit outward . a amused eyepatchless Jazz , Sam in tow , pass they on they way to the bar . see Jazz , the bartender pull out a fountain glass in order to make a vodka milkshake . backstage Ford be actually concerned about the froth grendel . ford man , Julian , that accident take away more than you hearing . grendel Accident ? Accident ! you naive pussball , when I realize my life of music could only be a life of music industry . I cut my fuck ear off so I would only hear my music . here , look . grendel pull off he plastic ear and hold they out to Ford . zuzu hoh graphic ! I be go to dream of ear for a year ! ugh ! ford just be thankful he be not dissatisfied with he sex life . the Zuzu-directed comment cause grendel to wield around . grendel you little bitch ... zuzu ( guilelessly into the mike ) ' feeling , whoa oh , feeling ... ' grendel lose it . the inner classical music in he head come on the soundtrack play ten time faster than normal . Zuzu , with a squeal , run off to the stage . grendel pursue ... stage Zuzu and grendel run out in view of everyone . grendel look out at the dead silent tableau of people who be cheer he only moment before . the crowd start to boo ... Ford walk out onstage , have a hard time keep down a grin . grendel suddenly yank a gun from the security guard and point it at Ford , who stop smile . Kyle Troy faint . bar the bartender put a last blast of vodka atop the shake and be right about to light it on fire , but Sam grab and throw ... SAM Jazz ! Jazz catch it and she throw the shake up to the stage . jazz Ford ! Ford grab the shake and fling the content into grendel , who get off a shot with he gun . Ford dive behind a amp as Julian let another shot fly . Ford pull from he pocket matchbook from a multitude of L.A. club . he light a handful of they on fire as grendel move in for the kill . grendel I be still the king ! ford ( pop up ) Julian , you be fire . Ford fling he homemade fireball into grendel 's vodka douse tux . he explode in flame , staggering around the stage . crowd Jaime and Larry watch in bemuse detachment . jaime be this for real , Larry ? larry no way , Jaime . he 's wear this gooey stuff on he body that the flame can not affect . Bobby vomit open he act this way . stage the flame grendel stumble to a electronic keyboard set and begin play a warpe piano solo . the key - board spark and churn amid the flame before grandly exploding along with Julian grendel . the sprinkler system blast on . crowd a deadpan Larry turn to a jaw -drop Jaime . larry now that ... I have no idea ... Ford bound off the stage . he be oblivious to the sprinkler system - induce rain . Don greet he ... don thanks for the promotion , man . ford no prob ... Jazz romantically move through the makeshift rain . Ford stride to she when Zuzu sprout up hold hand with a beefy rock . zuzu look who I find . it 's damion flemm ! he 's take I on tour to Japan ! Ford laugh , almost fatherly , then ask the question . ford so , Zuzu . be you okay ? zuzu yeah , Ford . I be okay . Zuzu tenderly kiss he . see this , Jazz glumly droops she head and turn around head back out the club entrance . she pass a enter - ing Lt. amo and detective . Lt. amo be wear the infamous white John travolta Saturday night fever ensemble , with gold chain . the sprinkler system have go off . lo. amos you do realize that tonight be disco appreciation night at the coconut teazer ... detective I be sorry , sir , but we get a report that fairlane and the psycho - killer - groupie be here . lo. amos there they be ! hey ! Ford and Zuzu turn to amo with " oh brother " expression . they walk toward he with smile face . lo. amos I should have know you two be in this together ... Zuzu drop to she knee . lo. amos sorry , sexual favor will not help ... Zuzu slam amo in the groin , send he to he knee . Ford shove the CD in he pocket . ford happy listen ... Ford look for Jazz all around he with a confuse expre - sion . the ovary approach , two of they have they arm wrap around Sam the ex-sleazebag . SAM I have learn my lesson , Ford . thanks . ovary two be not he the best ? why do not you come out with we ? ford can not . have you see my assistant , Jazz ? ovary one she take off . Said something about you be a real asshole . Ford glumly droops he head and shuffles away ... ext . corner of ford' STREET - later in night a rtd bus rumble to the corner of Ford 's street . the sad detective shuffles off the bus to the tune of the saddest song in film history . as Ford walk toward he house , he pass he debris , still splay out on the street from the night before ; mangle gold record , smolder speaker , he red hotline now burntline phone , and then there 's that funky slide - arm -and - gun apparatus with a gun attach . Ford pick it up , slide the gun back and forth with a rueful smile . Ford 's house be look gloomy , dark , and miss a lot of piece . Ford walk through the intact , but dis - embody , front door . int . ford' house head still droop , Ford close the door behind he . a click cause he to look up . sitting atop a batter piece of couch , blood stain neatly blend into he tie - dye shirt , be smiley hold a gun . cheerful as always . smiley how 's it go ? ford you gotta be kid ! this be unfuckingbelievable ! I have to start the evening crawl down Capital record , I shoulda choose suicide then , but oh no , the night be young ! next up , my guitar ! the second most important thing I own and now it 's toothpick for the homeless on Hollywood boulevard ! then , then , after I burn up you brother , Jazz ... I should say as a fuck footnote I have usually treat woman like shit -- use corsage , the wet spot , you know give out domino 's pizza 's phone number and say it 's mine ... tonight be different . I feel respect . I feel love . then Jazz leave I ... and now I get to die ! smiley the point ? ford let I go out like a man . smiley ( toss away he gun ) anyway you want it , asshole . Ford super-swiftly raise he arm and ta-daah ! the gun slide smoothly down he arm into he hand . smiley , for the first time in we story , stop smile . Ford fire a cute hole in he forehead , send he crash into a wall that be barely stand to begin with . it crumble down ... ford ( to he arm ) thanks for work . ( to smiley ) thanks for be a hu-uge bonehead . ' let I go out like a man ' -- ha ! ext . ford' house Ford emerge from the more disembody than ever front door . the kid stand before he , on the front lawn . the kid so , do you find my dad ? ford well , I get some good news and some bad news . the kid yeah , go on ... ford good news be that yeah , I find he . the bad news be ... Ford raise he hand . he be wear the snoopy the fighter Pilot ring . ford it 's I . the kid what kind of sentimental bullshit be this ? ford hey , I love you , too , you little jerk . Jesus , guy try to make a commitment and he 's gotta eat shit . the kid who 's my real father , man ? ford he , he , life in South America ... he 's do that anthropologist - archeologist - dentist kind of thing ... he 's real busy . the kid start to sob . Ford reach out and grab he hand . they snoopy ring touch . the two tough guy walk down the street together , hold hand . the viewer 's viewpoint hang back , allow they some privacy . ford ( v.o. ) I need someone to help I with my case load , you interested ? this whole father / son thing , if you be not into it , I mean , it 's okay . you know what I be say ? the kid ( v.o. ) shut the heck up ... pop. suddenly Jazz 's volkswagen screech before the pair . the viewer 's viewpoint quickly goe to the action as Jazz jettison from she car , hold out some key ... jazz I just can not deal with all this crap between we , I be sorry . I be quit . ford let 's get hitched . I guess I , you know , love you . it 's a beautiful thing . jazz wha -- the moment be break by a ringing phone . Ford shush Jazz with he finger and then backtrack to he burnt - ridiculously - still - work , hotline phone . he pick up . ford k-o-d- S be go to make I rich . ext . island - perfect day the viewer 's viewpoint be lull to a friendly hut by a beautiful tropical cove . a humble hand - draw sign read : ford fairlane , private investigator - fishermen only . swinging around the hut , the viewer discern Ford , Jazz , and the kid kick back on chaise lounge in silly tropical shirt with identical sunglass . ford I love the music industry , especially the tacky radio giveaway part ... the viewer 's viewpoint pan over a bit to reveal , sit next to the kid on a very small chaise lounge and in a very small leather jacket be the koala bear with a sweet little neck brace . close on ford ford wha - at . you do not really think we would kill the fluck koala bear , do you ?