) the last castle the castle by David scarpa rewrite by Graham yost this material be the property of dreamwork picture and be intended and restricted solely for dreamwork picture personnel . distribution or disclosure of this material to unauthorized person be prohibited . the sale , display , copying or reproduction of this material for any reason in any form , including but not limite to digital or new media , be also prohibited 8/21/2000 Robert lawrence Polish Karen Goldberg fade in : ext . usdb - dawn 1 a lone jeep drive the approach road to a massive military facility , a hulk dark presence , set back behind a series of fence . light be still on : glow halo of carbon - arc yellow . man ( v.o. ) the first castle be the wall city of mesopotamia build over 8,000 year ago . castle have not change much down the century . there have always be wall ... the camera glide over the face of the outer wall of the facility -- build a hundred year ago , it look like it could last ten thousand more . man ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) ... and gate ... the jeep slow at a fence gate , by a sign read : cac usdb , authorize personnel only . man ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) ... and man to guard they . a soldier step out of the gate hut , see the driver of the jeep and salute . the jeep roll through . man ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) Castle wall have always hold high ground position to fire from ... a gunman stand in a guntower , high - power rifle in he arm . man ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) ..- and place to run a flag . the first orange light of the day reach the roof of the administration Building . soldier in crisp , practice move , unfold a flag , hook it to a line and pull it up a flagpole . man ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) the only difference between this castle and the countless other build over the last 8,000 year be that they be build to keep people out . Karen Goldberg int . the tier - dawn 2 six floor of cell , inmate at the door . man ( v.0 . ) this castle be build to keep people in . a_horn sound , the cell door all slide open and the man step out , clutching towel and toothbrush . they all stop , in unison . a voice bark out a command , the man turn on they heel and walk . ext . officer 's parking lot - dawn 3 the jeep drive up . the door cpen and out get colonel winter , 48 , the commandant of the usdb . you could cut wood with the crease on he pants . he look up at the flag and the soldier on the roof . the soldier salute the flag , turn on they heel . Winter head toward the gate , briefcase in hand . int . administration build - sally port - dawn 4 Winter be buzze through a sally port , soldier salute he as he go . he 's meet on the other side by lt . peretz , 40 . peretz salute . lt , peretz good morning , sir . colonel winter Lieutenant . Winter return salute . peretz hand he a cup of coffee and they walk . colonel winter ( cont would ) how be we this morning ? lo. peretz ( off he clipboard ) 813 in general population , 3 in the hospital and 2 in pc. they turn and head up the stair . Karen Goldberg int . winter's office - dawn 5 Winter and peretz enter . prominent in the room be a glass cabinet across one wall fill with artifact of war . the blind be draw and the office be dark . lt . peretz ...on leave and C company be at full strength . Winter nod . he toss he briefcase onto he desk . peretz open the curtain , revealing a view of ... the yard the central exercise area of the Castle ( dirt run track , basketball hoop , weight pile ) . the yard be flanke by the administration Building , the tier and the outer wall . inmate be spilling out of the tier . lt . peretz one other thing , sir . the Hispanic inmate be complain they be receive smaller portion than the black inmate in the mess . they feel it 's due to the predominance of black inmate on food service detail . Winter shake he head as he look out at the inmate in the yard . colonel winter another matter of life and death . ( beat ) get I they duty roster . int . mess hall - day 6 lunch . Ali the inmate serve up the food be latinos and they be have a great time , give they pal huge serving , while doling out the minimum allowable amount to the black and white . one huge black inmate -- thumper -- be most displease by the small portion on he plate . he yell at the man behind the counter -- miguel . thumper you can not feed a squirrel on that ! latino food server that 's regulation , man . ( more ) ( continued ) Karen Goldberg continued : 6 latino food server ( cont would ) you get a problem , you take it up with the Colonel . ( to next guy ) hey , ese ! you look hungry . here you go . miguel slop down a extra help on the guy 's plate . thumper steam , keep move . ext . the yard - day 7 inmate spill out onto the yard after lunch . two guard -- sgt . mclaren and pvt . niebolt -- be stand near a ancient stone wall in the middle of the yard . they be hand out pick and sledgehammer to four white prisoner : beaupre , darnell , wittbrodt and tucker , all ex - Green beret ; all mean son -of -bitches . beaupre grab a sledgehammer and climb a ladder to the top of the wall . he start pound on the top layer of stone , try to break they loose . aguilar ( 0.8 . ) the m-m-mortar be weak . beaupre look down at aguilar , 22 , a sweet - face latino . aguilar ( cont would ) m-m-maybe if you -- beaupre the fuck you do , taco ? aguilar m-m-my d-d - dad be a m-m-mason -- beaupre I d-d - do not c-c-care if you d-d - dad build the fuck pyramid , beano . whites work the wall , spic move the rock , nigger stack the rock , that 's . the way it be . which mean , cheech , get the fuck away from my wall . aguilar just stare at beaupre . another latino inmate -- enriquez , 5as -- step up , grab aguilar by the shoulder and pull he away . they all hear a commotion across the yard . {continued ) Karen Goldberg continued : 7 fifty yard away , thumper and miguel be circle each other , cheer on by a circle of man . miguel you fuck serve we up portion the size of pigeon shit , and now you get a problem ? int . winter's office - day 8 Winter and peretz be by the window , look down into the yard , watch thumper and miguel cireling each other . colonel winter if you think about it , this be really a interesting example of stimulus and response . ( off peretz 's look ) no matter what stimulus we create , the response be always the same . it always end up in the yard . different actor in different part , of course , but the basic play do not vary much . someone should write a paper on it . peretz nod . down below , thumper move toward miguel . peretz raise he radio . Winter motion he to hold up . colonel winter ( cont would ) wait for it ... thumper push miguel . Winter motion peretz to go ahead . colonel winter ( cont would ) no one in or out ; hospital squad in reserve . peretz speak into he radio . lo. peretz lock down all sally port . §& company ist platoon 2nd squad into reserve . ext . the yard - day 9 yate , 28 , be stand apart from the crowd , lean against the prison wall . with he be jinx , 25 , a bony little punk . yate see thumper and miguel push each other . he glance up at Winter 's office . yate go . he 's gonna pull the squad . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg continued : 9 jinx you sure ? yate yes . go. jinx hurry off . thumper and miguel circle each other . miguel pull a shiv . someone toss thumper a five- pound weight tie to a length of rope . thumper start swinging it over he head . a couple other black versus . latino fight break out . onlooker back away in a ever-widen circle . the guard back away as well . no one look very concerned . over by the old stone wall , mclare and niebolt gather up the pick and sledgehammer , toss they into a wheelbarrow . yate start toward the circle of on -looker . yate ( cont would ) who will give I odd ? dellwo and Cyrus turn . dellwo it 's a gang bang , you fool ! how the fuck you gonna take action on a gang bang ? yate it 's a fight like any other , dell . ( pull out little black book ) the winner be whoever 's get the most man stand when the bell ring . duffy will take the count . duffy , a 22 year - old white kid , nod . yate ( cont would ) base on number , I would say it 's ... 3 - to - 2 in favor of we Latin friend . who 's iri ? inmate around he start call in bet . dellwo you be bettin ' against the brother ?! ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 9 10 il continued : ( 2 ) 9 yate I be not betting against anybody , dell . I be the house . I be merely a exchange for people who want to bet -- dellwo fuck you and you house . Three on the brother . yate Three for Mr. dellwo . yate catch the eye of mclaren , wheeling off the pick and sledgehammer . mclare surreptitiously point at the latino and hold up one finger . yate nod , write in he book . in the fight , a latino use a weight bat to smack open a horrible gash in the head of a black inmate . int . winter ‘s office - day 10 Winter wince at the sight of the black inmate crumpling to the ground . ext . the yard - day 11 yate take down some more bet . Cyrus step up to he . cyrus as much as I disapprove of the entire business ... do you have to bet the side ? yate nope . pick you dog . cyrus Main event . thumper and miguel . the large fellow for two . straight up . yate look over at thumper and miguel , still circle . yate you be on . Cyrus nod . not a second later , miguel dart in , slashes thumper across the chest . thumper howl . Cyrus frown . yate shrug . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg a 1 12 13 continued : il yate ( cont would ) ( scribbles in book , mutter ) Cyrus ... owe I two . cyrus it 's not over yet , Richard . yate you hang onto that optimism , Cyrus . it work for you . anyone else ? thumper charge forward , swing the weight low , into the side of miguel 's knee with a horrible crunch . miguel go down scream . Cyrus look at yate . yate frown . yate ( cont would ) like you say , it 's not over yet . thumper get the weight swinging again , high over he head . just then , the rope snap . the weight go fly through the air . thumper watch it . everyone watch it . everyone except ... mclare , wheeling off the pick and sledgehammer . niebolt sarge ! look out ! mclare start to turn . the weight slam into he back , knock he off he foot . int . winter 's office - day 12 Winter 's face go very dark . colonel winter end it . peretz raise he radio . ext . the yard - day 13 mclare sit up , wind . thumper hurry toward mclare , hand up , panic in he eye . thumper it be a accident ! I do not -- ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 13 14 15 16 17 continued : 13 dellwo and other get down ! all around thumper , inmate be drop to the ground , hand and arm cover they head . thumper keep go . thumper it just break , sarge ! you know I would not do nothing -- dellwo thumper , get down ! thumper see everyone else lie down . too late . bangbangbang ! thumper take three round in the back . he yell , stagger . ext . gun tower - day 14 a gunman empty a clip into thumper . ext . the yard - day 15 thumper gasp as e bullet i i . his eye roll and he fall onto he face . two more shot snap into he . his body jump . the gunman stop fire . gunman ( into headset ) target down . int . winter 's office - day 16 Winter look down at thumper , on the ground , motionless , surround by a hundred man , arm and hand cover they head . colonel winter and , for a moment , the jungle be quiet . dissolve to : int . administration build - conference room - day 17 a bookshelf - line conference room . Winter be have lunch alone , read a translation of pliny the elder as he eat . there 's a tap at the door . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 17 continued : colonel winter yes ? peretz come in , clutching a piece of paper . lt . peretz 10 . 17 Sir , they just announce the verdict . Winter arch a eyebrow . lo. peretz ( cont would ) guilty . Winter sigh , shake he head . colonel winter I can not believe they actually go through with it . ( beat ) when do he arrive ? peretz hand Winter the fax . Winter be stunne . colonel winter ( cont would ) tonight ? lt . peretz they say they be expedite he transfer -- as a courtesy . colonel winter as a courtesy ? for godsake , they should ... they should be name a army base after he , not send he here . nexhales , beat ) I will want to meet with he -- in my office . he may be hungry , so have the kitchen prepare something . and get someone in to help . 18 over black yate ( v.0 . ) here he come . fade in : fade to black . 18 Karen Goldberg 19 20 21 il . int . library - dusk ig the library window afford a view of the front gate and the approach road . inmate be crowded around all available window . yate be at one window with dellwo , Cyrus and duffy . dellwo Big fuck deal . cyrus it be . there Pov of the bus drive through the gate . cyrus ( 0.s8 . ) ( cont would ) this be the first time someone with a rank above colonel have ever be send to the Castle . int , bus - dusk 20 a prisoner be sit , in shadow , face unseen , halfway back in a dark , otherwise empty prisoner transport bus . he 's in leg and wrist chain , look out the window . he Pov : soldier on the roof take down the flag and fold it . : int . library - dusk 21 the guy jostle for position at the window to get a look . dupfy what would he do ? dellwo what you think ? he fuck up -- big time . why else do you think a five - star general 's gonna come to this place ? pirate cable ? . duffy I know he fuck up , dell -- dellwo : he be in uganda , on one of they UN deal , shot up a bunch of tutus . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 21 continued : 12 . 21 yate that 's it , dell . you get it exactly . except he 's a three - star general , not five ; it be burundi , not uganda , and the tribe be the hutus and the tutsis , not the tutus -- they be not ballerinas . cyrus and he do not shoot anybody . he go to rescue some hutu moderate after he be order to leave the country . duffy they send he here for try to rescue some people ? cyrus they send he here because he disobey order . yate they send he here because eight american soldier get kill . _ duffy shit . he get the tutus out ? cyrus hutus . duffy hutus . fuck . cyrus no . they be dead before he get there . at least he try . duffy you do not think he should have be convict ? cyrus no one do . not even the man who convict he . they want to keep it in house . but once the story hit the New York Times , they have no choice . they could not let it slide . dellwo strain to get a look out the window . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg al 22 23 24 13 . continued : ( 2 ) 21 dellwo let 's see what a live fuck pinky legend look like . ext . prisoner reception gate - dusk 22 the bus pull up , stop . the door open and the prisoner step out , shackle . we still do not see he face . guard nod and the prisoner start toward the gate , shuffle . int . library - dusk 23 they watch the prisoner walk inside . dellwo and the other ease back from the window , nothing more to see . duffy there must be some other stockade they could put he . cyrus there be not . right , dell ? you know why . you love officer . dellwo I hate officer . yate I be a officer . dellwo I hate you . cyrus ( to duffy ) if a officer be convict of a crime there 's only one place he can go , and that be right here . int . receiving room - night 24 the prisoner stand , naked , he back to we . in front of he be mclaren and niebolt , both uncomfortable . mclare hold green prison uniform coverall , go through a routine . mclaren ...- unless special allowance be make by a senior watch officer due to weather concern . if a prisoner be find to be wear outer clothing ether than a uniform , the clothing will be confiscate and the prisoner ( more ) ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 24 14 . continued : 24 mclaren ( cont would ) will receive discipline . though it will bear the prisoner 's name for laundry identification purpose , the uniform be the property of the Department of Defense and any attempt to alter it , color it or in any way modify or damage it will also result in discipline . {beat ; very uncomfortable ) before you can , uh , put on you uniform , you must be check for contraband . ( to niebolt ) private niebolt . niebolt do not move . mclaren ( cont would ) private niebolt , check the prisoner for contraband . niebolt still do not move . mclare shoot he a look -- he have no choice . niebolt step forward . : pvt . niebolt the , uh , prisoner will , uh , turn and , uh , grab the bar and place he foot on the floor marking . the prisoner turn and grab the bar . we get we first good look at ... general leland irwin , short - cropped hair and pierce eye . irwin position he foot on the floor . niebolt start put on a rubber glove , shaking he head . mclare give he a look -- just do it . wniebolt step forward . general irwin May I ask a favor ? . pvt . niebolt ( stop ) a favor ...? sgt . mclaren what ? ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 24 25 15 . continued : ( 2 ) 24 general irwin when you speak about this -- and you will -- be kind . niebolt and mclare be startle for a moment , then laugh . the door swing open , peretz enter . lo. peretz skip the search . sergeant , give he he uniform . between niebolt and irwin , it 's hard to tell who 's more relieved . int . winter 's office - night 25 the flag lay fold on Winter ' 's desk . irwin , now in green usdb coverall , look over Winter 's collection of war memorabilia . atap at the door . peretz swing the door open , announce ... lt . peretz Colonel Winter . Winter enter , look at Winter . colonel winter I know what you be wonder : do you salute I ; do I salute you ? no to both . my man salute I , of course , and each other , accord to rank , but there 's no salute by the population . irwin nod . colonel winter ( cont would ) hungry ? general irwin no . colonel winter you sure ? thursdays be salisbury steak night . general irwin always a reason for celebration . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 25 16 . continued : 25 colonel winter indeed . could I at least interest you in some lemonade ? general irwin thank you . Winter nod to peretz . peretz leave . colonel winter if you step over here I can give you the basic layout of the facility . irwin join Winter at the window . they look into the yard . colonel winter ( cont would ) we be in the administration Building . that building across the yard be the tier , where the inmate live . that long , low building over there be where the workshop and the laundry be . Winter notice irwin look at the old , half break - down stone wall in the middle of the yard . colonel winter ( cont would ) that 's the old blockhouse wall . it 's all that remain of the original building where the first prisoner stay , back in the 1870' . we notice the wall be lean earlier this year , so I ask the man to take it down , rebuild the foundation , put it back up . they enjoy work on it ; give they something to do . it 's become a matter of some pride . the door open . aguilar enter with two glass of lemonade , give they to Winter and irwin . colonel winter ( cont would ) thank you , Mr. aguilar . aguilar nod , leave . silence for a moment as irwin and Winter sip they lemonade . colonel winter ( cont would ) back in ' 74 I wait in line for a hour to hear you speak at West Point . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 25 17 . continued : ( 2 ) '' 25 general irwin oh , God . what do I say ? colonel winter I do not know . I do not get in . general irwin ' 74 ... I be still give my bug and thug talk . {off Winter 's look ) my pow experience . the NVA interrogator be thug and we eat bug to survive . bug and thug . colonel winter ( grin , then ... ) I remember my friend who hear you that day be quite impressed . they all want to follow in you footstep . who do not ? we all want the combat career . of course , you make some choice , take some assignment , and the next thing you know ... Winter stop , afraid he 's reveal too much . switch gear . colonel winter ( cont would ) we do not have much time tonight , I be afraid -- it 's light out in a few minute . I , uh ... I can not comment on why you be here , of course . whatever my personal feeling may be on the matter be irrelevant . you be here and we will just have to make the best of it . irwin nod . colonel winter ( cont would ) I meet personally with every new inmate , usually downstairs , soon after they arrive . I always ask they a.question -- the same question I be go to ask you . what do you expect here at the Castle ? general irwin ( think ) nothing . Winter look at he , unclear . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 25 26 27 18 . continued : ( 3 ) 25 general irwin ( cont would ) I just want to do my time and go home . colonel winter perfect . that be the perfect answer . Lieutenant peretz ! a beat , then peretz enter . colonel winter ( cont would ) Gather up Mr. aguilar . peretz nod , leave . Winter turn to irwin , awkward . colonel winter ( cont would ) I have what , give the circumstance , might seem a bizarre request . { irwin arch a eyebrow ) I have a collection of most of the seminal book on warfare , include you book on the evolution of battle strategy . I be wonder if you would sign it . . general irwin certainly . of course . Winter nod . peretz reenter with aguilar . colonel winter just a moment , Lieutenant . Winter exit . peretz , aguilar and irwin be alone in the room . irwin hold up the lemonade glass to aguilar , nod he thanks . . aguilar , flustered , nod . irwin set the glass down , go to look at Winter 's collection of war memorabilia . int . administration build - conference room - night 26 Winter enter , walk to a bookshelf . int . winter 's office - night 27 irwin look over the war memorabilia . general irwin impressive . peretz nod . Karen Goldberg 28 29 30 31 32 be . int . administration build - conference room - night 28 Winter find the book -- '' arrowhead to warhead : a evolution of Battle Planning '' by General L. irwin . he pluck it from the shelf . int . winter 's office - night 29 lt . peretz do you collect anything ? general irwin a few coin from country I have be to . nothing military . ( beat ) my father do not care for military collection and it stick with I . int . winter's office - outer office - night 30 Winter hold irwin 's book as he head back toward he office . int . winter 's office - night 31 general irwin ( gruff voice , as he father ) the only kind of man who have a collection like this be a man who 's never set foot on a battlefield . int . winter 's office - outer office - night 32 Winter be freeze , have hear what irwin just say . he do not know what to do . he reach for the doorknob , stop . general irwin ( 0.s.} ( gruff ) to he , a minie - ball from shiloh be just a interesting artifact . toa combat vet , it 's a hunk of metal that probably cause some poor bastard a world of pain . Winter turn on he heel and head back down the hall toward the bookshelve . Karen Goldberg 20 . 33 int . winter's office - night 33 general irwin ( to peretz ) of course my old man be a complete fraud . after he die I find he collection in the attic -- kraut helmet , luger , Nazi flag . ( be : item in case ) look at that . from appomatox . irwin look at peretz -- may i? peretz nod -- go ahead . irwin slide back the glass and pick up a old bayonet . he 's turn it over in he hand when the door open and Winter come back in . colonel winter could not find it -- you book . must have be misshelve . irwin shrug . Winter notice the bayonet in irwin 's hand . irwin see something in Winter 's eye , move to put the bayonet back . colonel winter ( cont would ) I ' 1l do that . general irwin it 's no -- colonel winter ( firmly ) I will do it . irwin freeze . Winter soften , take the bayonet from he . colonel winter ( cont would ) I be go to be box it all up anyway . I have grow tired of it . {to peretz ) you would better be go . peretz nod , gesture for irwin to leave . irwin start for the door . : aguilar salute . Winter 's face go very dark . colonel winter ( cont would ) - Mr. aguilar , what be you do ? ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 21 . 33 continued : 33 aguilar immediately drop he hand . aguilar I -I -- colonel winter prisoner aguilar , whatever we personal feeling on the matter may be , prisoner irwin be no longer a general . in fact , he hold no rank whatsoever . salute he be not only no longer require , it be in fact prohibit . be we clear on that ? aguilar yes , sir , but -- colonel winter but what , prisoner ? aguilar i- I be salute you . Winter be freeze for a moment , then shake he head . colonel winter not necessary . ( to peretz ) you have better hurry . peretz nod . general irwin thank you for you hospitality , Colonel . colonel winter do not mention it . peretz , irwin and aguilar head out . Winter watch they go . 34 int . winter's office - outer office - night 34 irwin , peretz and aguilar walk down the hall . lo. peretz ( to aguilar ) go on ahead . tell they to hold the lock . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 34 35 36 22 . continued : . 34 aguilar jog down the hall . int . winter's office - night 35 Winter stand at he window , lock down into the yard . he see aguilar run across the yard . a few moment later , peretz and irwin appear . as Winter watch irwin and peretz , he absentmindedly play with something in he hand . he notice what he 's hold , look down -- it 's the bayonet . Winter drop it on he desk in disgust . int . the tier - night 36 six floor of cell , one man to a cell . it 's free time , before light out , inmate mill about . mcclintock carry some fold laundry into a cell on the 3rd tier occupy by ... yate , sit on he bed , write number in he black book . tape to the wall behind he be photograph of a pretty young woman . mcclintock hey , Pilot . yate give a slight nod , keep at he calculation . mcclintock start put away the fold laundry . mcclintock ( cont would ) my aunt cherie be come to visit I Saturday . I have not see anyone in my family since Easter . I be afraid they be gonna forget about I . yate mcclintock , you family forget about you the moment you come in here . they cut you face out of all they photo album and rent you room out to a acne-scarred vacuum cleaner salesman you Mom have start call " Son . " mcclintock that 's not funny , Pilot . yate the truth never be . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 36 23 . continued : 36 mcclintock finish put away yate 's laundry . he stand there . yate toss he two pack of marlboro red . mcclintock start out , stop , point at the photo on the wall . mcclintock you get a wife , right ? ( yate look up ) maybe she 's gonna forget you . yate maybe she will . I would not be the first person to go to prison and lose a wife . ( nod at laundry ) next time , sock fold , not ball , ox I take my business elsewhere . mcclintock scowl , head out , pass jinx on he way in . yate look at jinx , arch a eyebrow . jinx grin , raise one leg , shake it and a pillowcase fall to the floor . he kick it over to yate . yate nod at the door . jinx turn he back to yate , block anyone 's view into the cell . yate dump the content of the pillowcase out onto he bed -- surgical needle , bandage , suture , antiseptic , medication . jinx it be just like you say , Pilot . he pull the squad from the hospital . yate he always do . yate go through the stuff , toss it back into the pillowcase . yate ( cont would ) good job , jinx . jinx so I can have my radio ? yate yeah , you will get you radio . jinx I like to take ‘em apart . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 36 37 38 24 . continued : ( 2 ) 36 yate I be sure you do . give I a couple of day . yate head out of he cell with the pillowcase . ext . the yard - night , 37 irwin and peretz walk across the empty yard , the dark mass of the tier loom up before they . int . 3rd tier - night 38 yate be outside dellwo 's cell , pillowcase under he arm . dellwo and two black inmate be in the cell , look at yate . dellwo fuck duffy , fuck he count and fuck you . I be not payin ' . now , what you gonna do about it ? yate well , I be not gonna fight you , dell , if that 's what you be think . dellwo smirk , get nod , smirk from he friend . yate ( cont would ) but I be also not go to take any action from you . ever again . dellwo 's face drop . he scowl , take out three carton of kool , toss they to yate . dellwo duffy 's count be fuck . yate yeah , yeah , I know -- you wuz rob , wait will next riot . yate leave dellwo , walk on , pass the next cell , where ... cyrus be sit on he bed , read a book . yate toss Cyrus two of the carton . Cyrus catch they without look up . yate walk on , get to a cell , look in , see ... a huge black man stand , shirt off . a second man -- doc , 35 , long-hair , glass -- be look at the big man 's back , cover in horrible welt and bruise . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 38 25 . continued : 38 boc sleep on you stomach tonight , and keep you shirt off tomorrow as much as you can . I will try to get you some advil . the big man turn to look at Doc -- it 's thumper . thumper do not hurt too bad now , Doc . but when they hit ? man , I get shot by a real bullet once and I swear it do not hurt half as much as this rubber thing do . boc yes , well , that 's the upside to real bullet . they cut through the skin , hit fewer nerve-endings . ' course the downside be , they kill you . yate good evening , Doctor quest . Doc turn , see yate , see the pillowcase , know what it mean . boc {to thumper ) I ' 1l check on you in the morning . Doc head out . he and yate go along the walkway . yate hand Doc the pillowcase . yate just what the doctor order . Doc feel the heft of the bag . boc this will do a lot of man a lot of good , yate . yate I be glad . five carton . this time tomorrow . a.horn sound . yate turn and walk back the other way . Doc shake he head , head for he cell . as yate walk he flip a carton of kool in he hand . on one flip , yate miss the carton and it fall to the walkway . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 38 39 40 41 42 26 . continued : ( 2 ) 38 yate leave it there , walk on . a second later , mclare , the guard , walk by . he pick up the carton , keep go . int . hallway to the tier - night 39 peretz lead irwin out of a sally port . as they walk , the door shut behind they , the deep clunk echoing down the hall . int . the tier - night 40 irwin and peretz step out onto the ground floor of the tier . as they walk toward the stair , irwin look up , see ... inmate , at they cell door , look down at he , silent . irwin and peretz go to the stair , start up . int . irwin be cell - night 41 irwin enter he cell . peretz remain on the walkway . lo. peretz just do you own time , do not get involved in anybody else 's game , you will be fine . irwin nod . another horn and all the cell door slide shut . peretz walk off . irwin look at the wall of he cell , he new home . he reach one hand out , touch a wall . stick out he other hand ; touch the other wall . he sigh , lower he head . pull back , out of the cell , to reveal it 's in the middle of the top ( 6th ) tier. below and around he , the other inmate step back from they cell door . dellwo ( v.o. ) I give he one week . int . mess hall - day : 42 irwin eat alone .. yate , dellwo , Cyrus and duffy be at another table , watch irwin . Hell , everyone in the mess hall be watch he . duffy one week till what ? ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 27 . 42 continued : 42 dellwo till he scrag himself . like boorda . ( off they look ) if the disgrace of the court - martial be not bad enough , a couple day in this shithouse will definitely put he over the edge . yate one week ? dellwo that 's right . yate I will take that . ( whip out book , write ) Mr. dellwo . one week . duffy , you want in ? duffy on what ? yate we will make a little pool of it . just like the final four . a carton a square . duffy I do not know , Pilot . betting on whether or not a guy 's gonna kill himself ? that 's some creepy shit . ' side -- one week ? he 's harder than that . yate how much harder ? five week ? eight ? duffy ( think ) eight . yate owrite in book ) eight for Mr. duffy . cutbush , a enormous white guy , chirp in from another table . cutbush you be one ice cold motherfucker , yate . { continued ) Karen Goldberg 42 43 44 28 . continued : ( 2 ) 42 yate hey , I be not the one who think he 's gonna grease himself . cyrus think again , Richard . no great warrior can endure a loss of face like this . the samurai use to carry around a little knife , make for just one purpose -- seppuku - - ritual suicide -- in the event -- yate ( cut Cyrus off ) -- and next week on the History Channel , Hitler fuck a cat . he 's not a samurai , Cyrus . he 's a american general . he command the 101lst airborne . suicide 's not he style . dellwo oh , yeah ? I hear he call in a airstrike on he own position when he be pin down in khe sanh . yate and yet he survive , dell . he still walk the Earth . irwin get up and take he tray to the conveyor belt . yate ( cont would ) and it be the ia drang valley , not khe sanh . irwin walk out of the mess hall . they watch he go . dissolve to : int . laundry - day 43 irwin 's job be to grab a large laundry bag , hang from chain connect .to a overhead track , and pull it over toa vat . he pull a cord on the bag , the laundry fall into the vat and irwin go back for another bag . ext . the yard - by laundry - dusk 44 irwin come out of the laundry , join the rest of the man head back across the yard at the end of the day . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg a4 pro ' continued : ae irwin stop to look at the inmate work on the blockhouse wall . it 's a regular clusterfuck , with guy yell at each other ; no real work get do . aguilar ( 0.5 . ) they be g-g-going about it all wr-wr - wrong . irwin turn to see aguilar stand beside he . aguilar ( cont would ) my d-d - dad w-w - be a m-m-magon . the m-m-mortar be w-w-weak . irwin nod -- whatever you say -- and walk off . Doc , cyrus and enrique % be stand together , watch irwin . Cyrus nudge Doc , Doc nod , walk after irwin . boc you would not remember I , but I serve under you in the Gulf . general irwin Dr. Thomas barnard . you be attach to the 33rd Medical Group . boc ( surprised , grin ) that 's right . general irwin you be arrest for possession of narcotic . boc ( grin fade ) right again . general irwin it be a small amount . you do not end up here for that . boc no , you end up here for attack a mp in the Saudi jail . ( beat ) I be wonder if I could talk to you -> {continued ) Karen total p.@2 goldt a 4 30 . continued : ( 2 ) 44 beaupre ( 0.s. ) hey , you fuck chump ! get you hand off that ! that 's mine ! aguilar be hold a pick ; beaupre walk toward he . beaupre ( cont would ) what the fuck you doin 's ? get back to you wheelbarrow , chico . aguilar start off , still hold the pick . beaupre ( cont would ) without the fuck pick , punk ! do not make I hurt you ! you know I can ! aguilar drop the pick . beaupre go after he . general irwin ( 0.s. ) have you find the weakness ? beaupre ( stop ) what ? irwin walk toward he , smile , calm . beaupre be confuse . general irwin in the wall . have you find the weakness in the wall ? my guess would be the mortar . May 1 ? irwin pick up beaupre 's pick , tap the tip of the pick against the mortar on the bottom row of stone . it crumble . he hack at it and the mortar come away in great chunks . general irwin ( cont would ) Mr. aguilar , would you mind ? irwin offer aguilar the pick . aguilar hesitates , look at beaupre . general irwin ( cont would ) ( to beaupre ) let 's look at the other side . irwin hand the pick to aguilar , walk off . beaupre can only follow . Cyrus , Doc , dellwo and other share a look , go after they . Karen Goldberg 45 46 a7 48 31 . ext . the yard - by the blockhouse wall - day 45 angle on the wall , no one in sight . the bottom line of mortar have be chip away . we hear ... general irwin ( 0.8 . ) one ... two ... three ! the wall shudder , some dust shake off of it . general irwin ( 0.8 . ) ( cont would ) one ... two ... three ! the wall rock a bit , more dust fall . general irwin ( 0.s8 . ) ( cont would ) one ... two ... three ! the wall shudder ... then slowly topple forward ... and slam into the ground , send up a cloud of dust . the dust clear ; we see ... irwin , aguilar , cyrus , doc , dellwo and ten other , surprised , grin . irwin clap aguilar on the shoulder . aguilar beam . yate stand apart , look on . int . winter's office - day 46 Winter look down from he window , surprised , curious . ext . the yard - by the blockhouse wall - day 47 irwin look over the fall wall , shattered into a hundred piece along its mortar line . general irwin " my name be ozymandius , king of king ... " cyrus " look on my work , ye mighty , and despair . " irwin look at Cyrus , arch a eyebrow . int . cyrus 's cell - night 48 close on a chess set . the piece be sculpt from cigarette foil , the board be a elegant draw on cardboard . irwin and Cyrus be in the midst of a game . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 438 Doc and enriquez appear in the doorway . what be this ? 32 . continued : Cyrus hold a Ziploc bag contain some foul - look liquid he drink through a straw . cyrus would you like some ? general irwin what be it ? cyrus raisin Jack . general irwin liquor make from raisin . cyrus that 's right . general irwin maybe some other time . Cyrus shrug . irwin make he move . general irwin ( cont would ) check . and mate , I be afraid . Cyrus survey the board . cyrus general irwin thanks for the game . cyrus thank you . you be the first person who 's beat I in four year . I can not say I like it . general irwin ( grin , rise ) I 'o see you tomorrow . cyrus uh ... just a moment . cyrus ( cont would ) we just want to talk to you for a moment . I hope you do not mind . ( continued ) 48 irwin look at Cyrus -- Karen Goldberg 33 . 48 continued : ( 2 ) 48 irwin say nothing . Cyrus gesture to the bed . irwin sit back down again . silence for a moment . enriquez let 's just get to it . you still get friend high up in the Pentagon , right ? general irwin not many . why ? boc we be hope you could talk to someone . general irwin about what ? boc about what it 's like here . the truth . enriquez it 's a real fuck jungle in here , vato , and it be not a accident . Winter set we against each other -- black versus . brown , brown vs. white -- keep thing stir up . as soon as it start die down , he start fan and blow and boom , it 's run hot again . general irwin let I get this straight . there be violence in a place fill with convict criminal ? enriquez I tell you this be pointless . cyrus ( to irwin ) it 's not just that the Colonel instigate violence , he also provide substandard service . if anyone get injure -- in a fight he 's provoke -- they be on they own . Doc spend half he time stitching people up . general irwin '' he provide substandard service '' ? ( more ) ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 48 continued : 34 . ( 3 ) '' 48 general irwin ( cont would ) you want to talk about '' substandard service " ? my first year in hanoi , I have a friend who have to treat himself for a compound fracture . boc you can not compare -- general irwin that 's right you can not compare . this be summer camp . and you be ... you be whining . irwin shake he head , rise , start out . cyrus {gotto ) there have be murder . irwin slow a half -step . cyrus ( cont would ) by Colonel Winter and he man . irwin look . back . boc sometimes , when there 's a fight in the yard , a inmate will make a mistake and touch a guard . you do that , you get shot . cyrus usually it 's just rubber bullet . boc but sometimes it 's not . Three time in the past two year , there 's be a '' mix - up '' and real bullet have be use . enriquez and would not you know it , the three guy who die be all guy Winter have be have trouble with . boc you may say the rest of it 's whining , but someone need to look into. this death . - { continued ) Karen Goldberg 48 43 continued : they look 35 . ( 4 ) 48 cyrus we have try , but no one listen to we . after all , we be just a bunch of convict criminal . at irwin , implore . irwin look back at they . general irwin Three year ago , in Bosnia , I be drive through a ifor town , and I see a old man sit on the step of he house with a child I presume be he grandson , play domince , and I have a revelation . all my life in the Army , through good war and bad , I would be do my best to make dangerous part of the world safe enough so old man could sit on they step and play game with they grandchild . it be not entirely selfless , of course . I love the work with all my heart . I give a great deal for it . I lose a wife due to neglect . J be a stranger to my daughter . I have a grandson I have never meet . ( beat ) when I see that old man in Bosnia , I do not begrudge he he game with he grandson . I simply think , '' my turn . '' now , I do not retire after Bosnia . I should have , but I do not . I take one last assignment . to burundi . and here I be . ( beat ) I be do , gentleman . I be not fight anyone or anything ever again . I be go to do my time , then I be go to go home , and , God willing , sit on my front step and play a game of domino with my grandson . and with that , irwin walk out . enriquez be piss , Doc be dishearten . Cyrus just watch irwin go . int . the tier - day 49 mclare be stand on the floor , read from a list of name . mclaren Copeland , illingworth ... ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 49 50 51 52 36 . continued : 49 inmate be in they cell , comb they hair , get spiff up . as they hear they name , they leave . on the 3rd tier 50 yate sit on he bed , stare at the floor . mclaren ( 0.s. ) tucker , voke , yate ... yate get up . on the 6th tier 51 irwin sit in he cell , hold a letter in he lap . mclaren ( 0.s. ) ... Young , Zamorro , Zeitlin . that be the end of the list . if I do not call you name that be because it be not on the list . I do not make mistake . have a good day . irwin listen to mclare and other walk away . he remain sit on he bunk . close on the letter irwin be hold . it 's address to ie , in a town in Oregon . someone have scrawle return to sender across the envelope . int . visitor 's CENTER - phone room - day 52 prisoner sit on one side of the glass partition , they visitors on the other , talk via phone . across from yate sit jill , 28 , he wife . they be silent . gill be distraught , tear track on she face . she be look at yate . yate be look at anything but Jill , shaking he head , smirk . jill what ? you think it 's funny ? you think I be kid ? yate shake he head -- nothing . more silence . jill ( cont would ) you be not go to say anything ? I tell you I want a divorce and you do not say anything ? ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 52 53 37 . continued : 52 yate what do you want I to say ? jill I do not want you to say anything . I think maybe you might want to ... oh , forget it . yate what be I suppose to say ? that I be surprised ? the only surprise be that it take so long . Jill sigh , shake she head . yate ( cont would ) dust so I know -- what ' 's he name ? Jill look up , incredulous . jill what ? yate the guy you be fuck . or , if you prefer , the guy who 's fuck you . whichever you -- jill you bastard . you goddamn bastard . yate you gonna try and tell I there be not -- jill do not you dare make this about I ! do not you dare ! Jill slam down the phone , glare at yate , turn , go to the door . it 's lock . she can not leave . she pound on it , frustrated , shoulder shaking . yate do nothing , say nothing . finally the door buzze open and Jill go through . yate watch the door close . then he hang up the phone . ext . the yard - dusk 53 grey , with low , threaten cloud . irwin come out of the laundry , look over at the fall blockhouse wall , a few inmate break up the stone . aguilar ( 0.s. ) afternoon , sir . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 38 . 53 continued : 53 irwin turn , see aguilar give he a salute . general irwin do not do that . irwin keep walk . aguilar keep salute . general irwin ( cont would ) go -- just -- at ease . aguilar drop he arm , slump . irwin keep go , then stop , look back . he see the sadness in aguilar 's eye . general irwin ( cont would ) what branch be you in , aguilar ? aguilar the c-c-Corp . general irwin miss it ? aguilar yes , sir . v-v-v-ery much . general irwin why be you here ? what do you do ? aguilar that 's just it . I do not d-d - do n-n - nothing . it be a m-m-mistake . general irwin oh . irwin start off . aguilar what --? where be you go ? irwin keep walk . aguilar suddenly blurt out . aguilar ( cont would ) I hurt .someone . irwin stop , look at he . general irwin how long have you be in here ? aguilar two year . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 39 . 53 continued : ( 2 ) '' 53 general irwin o~ how much longer do you have ? aguilar p-£-f£ - aguilar pound he fist into he thigh , frustrated . general irwin take you time . we be in prison . we have get nothing but time . aguilar nod , breathes , try it slowly . aguilar F -£-four and a half year to go . general irwin how 's it be ? ) aguilar ( shrug ) okay . irwin can see the truth -- the pain -- in aguilar 's eye . general irwin o~ so , tell I , along with the stutter , do you have some kind of spinal . deformity ? a curvature , some misalign vertebrae ...? aguilar no ...? general irwin then why be you stand like that ? I say '' at ease , " not slouch . aguilar straighten up . general irwin ( cont would ) and what be that thing you do with you hand ? aguilar , ' scuse I ? general irwin it look like you be run you finger through you hair and they get stick . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 53 54 40 . continued : ( 3 ) 53 aguilar what ? oh , no -- that be a salute . general irwin it be ? a salute ? really . aguilar what be wrong with it ? general irwin do you know why we salute ? aguilar to show respect ? general irwin okay , but why a salute ? why this thing with the hand ? that stump aguilar . general irwin ( cont would ) the truth be , the hand be almost immaterial . a salute be basically a freeze wave . ( demonstrate ) it 's as if you be wave at someone and you stop , you hold it . that 's the sign of respect . not the fact you have you hand up , but that you be not move . you be stay still for that person , give they you attention . ( beat ) a proper salute start at you foot . as irwin start instruct aguilar how to salute , we pan and boom up to see ... winter and peretz , in the window of Winter 's office , look down , watch . int . winter 's office - dusk 54 colonel winter at the Point , he very name be say with reverence , as if the syllable themselves convey all that it mean to be a soldier . and here he be now , a gat , pathetic man commanding a army of one . I can not watch . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 54 55 56 57 41 . continued : 54 Winter turn away from the window , go to he desk . colonel winter ( cont would ) ( beat ) it know I tell he salute among the prisoner be prohibit . _— - lt . peretz shall I remind he , sir ? colonel winter yes . lt . peretz and prisoner aguilar ? ext . the yard - dusk 55 aguilar stand alone ' in the middle of the yard , at attention , salute , but there 's no one there . the inmate chipping at the fall stone look over at aguilar . they also look over at ... peretz talk to irwin . irwin nod . the horn sound . irwin head off to the tier . he take a look back at aguilar . fat raindrop hit the dirt around aguilar , kick up dust . ext . the yard - night 56 aguilar stand in the pour rain , salute . irwin watch aguilar from a window on the ground floor of the tier . ound and he slowly back away from the window . ext . the yard - day . 57 it 's still raining . irwin be with a group of inmate hurry across the yard in the rain , all look at ... aguilar , exhaust , cry , try to hold he arm up . and then , thankfully , the horn sound . aguilar lower he arm . he start toward the tier . . irwin look back from the doorway to the laundry . peretz walk out , stop aguilar , say something to he . aguilar slump , turn , go back to he spot and lift he arm back into a salute . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 57 58 59 42 . continued : 57 peretz head for the administration Building . irwin shake he head , turn to go inside . int . laundry - day 58 ixwin enter . he get ten foot and he stop . he look piss off -- at himself . he really do not want to do what he know he must . he sigh . ext . the yard - day 59 irwin come out and stride across the yard toward aguilar . general irwin put you hand dewn , son . aguilar do not move . general irwin ( cont would ) put it down . aguilar slowly lower he hand . lo. peretz ( 0.s. ) prisoner irwin , what be you do ? irwin turn to see peretz head back toward they . aguilar put he hand right back up again . general irwin accord to the uniform code of military justice -- lt . peretz step back from the prisoner . general irwin ( do not move ) accord to the uniform code of military justice , no corporal punishment -- peretz put he whistle to he lip and blow . ten guard suddenly appear , from every doorway on the yard . they run toward irwin , pull they baton . lt . peretz step back from the prisoner and get down . { continued ) Karen Goldberg 59 60 43 . continued : 59 general irwin accord to the uniform code of military justice ... peretz look up at ... winter , stand at he office window . Winter nod . general irwin ( cont would ) ...a prisoner give discipline -- peretz pull he own baton and swing , clipping irwin on the ear . irwin drop in pain . peretz stand over he , face blank , as the other guard run up . ext . the yard - day 60 Minutes later . aguilar be still stand , salute . irwin sit in the mud , hand on he head , a trickle of blood drip from he ear . peretz stand nearby . they be all surround by guard . inmate watch from every doorway . colonel winter ( 0.s. ) what seem to be the problem ? irwin look up . Winter approach through the rain . lt . peretz Sir , prisoner irwin be interfere in the corporal punishment of prisoner aguilar . Winter take a deep breath , nod . colonel winter prisoner irwin , I understand come here must be a big adjustment for you . to go from have thousand of man under you command in combat to have no war to fight and no one to follow you must not be easy . nevertheless , I do ask that you learn how thing be do around here . salute be prohibit . ( to peretz ) take the prisoner to he cell , Lieutenant . lt . peretz yes , sir . {continued} Karen Goldberg 44 . continued : 60 Winter walk off . peretz pull irwin to he foot . : general irwin Sir , may the prisoner speak , sir . Winter slow , turn . colonel winter yes ...? general irwin Colonel Winter , accord to the uniform code of military justice , corporal punishment of a prisoner begin on the day shift may not go past the follow morning 's horn . Winter say nothing for a moment . everyone be look at he . ' the only sound be the vain . Winter look at irwin , think . then ... colonel winter prisoner irwin , you be absolutely right . prisoner aguilar , lower you hand . ( to irwin ) thank you for bring this to my attention . Lieutenant ? Winter turn and head back toward the administration Building , peretz by he side . Winter say something to peretz . aguilar be stunne by what just happen . so be the guard . irwin be surprised himself . lt . peretz ( 0.s.} prisoner irwin . peretz be walk back . Winter continue on toward the administration Building . lo. peretz ( cont would ) prisoner irwin , you uniform be soile . '' he point to irwin 's shoulder , dot with dark red spot . aguilar that 's he blood ! peretz give aguilar a look and he shut up . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 60 o~ 61 | | i | 62 o~ 45 . continued : ( 2 ) 60 lt . peretz a soile uniform be a violation of the usdb manual of conduct . a violation require discipline . irwin sigh -- so this be how it 's go to be . ext . the yard - day 62 the rain have stop and the sun be out . irwin be carry one of the stone from the fall blockhouse wall over to a pile a hundred yard away . he walk alone . fifty inmate be watch he , quiet . peretz and lombardo supervise with mclare and niebolt . yate be in a group include dellwo , Cyrus , Doc , duffy , aguilar , jinx and enriquez . yate pull out he black book . yate 3 - 2 . ( off they hard look ) the stone weigh twenty pound apiece , it will be eighty degree by noon , we have get two thousand percent humidity . he will not make the day . no one say anything . Cyrus , enriquez and Doc move away from yate . yate hey , you be so sure he will make it , bet the other side . beaupre ( sidle up ) you be right , yate . no way he 's gonna make it . put I down for two . winter watch through the window in he office . ext . the yard - day 62 the sun be higher in the sky . irwin be sweat hard , trudging onward with a stone . mclare be look at the big clock on the wall of the administration Building . the minute hand ratchet over to straight - up ten o'clock . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 62 63 46 . continued : 62 mclaren break ! but irwin do not stop . mclaren ( cont would ) I say break ! irwin keep go . that generate some interest in the crowd . winter , watch from he office , arch a eyebrow . ext . the yard - day 63 a hundre inmate be now watch irwin . he 's move slower , gaunt , the stone heavier in he arm . the clock move to straight - up noon . mclaren lunch ! thirty minute ! irwin do not stop . aguilar and Doc run out . aguilar you have get to stop . boc at least take some water . if you dehydrate , you will drop . irwin keep go . yate 5 - 2 ! boc ( to mcclaren ) can we get a little weather relief here , boss ? mclare look at peretz . peretz nod . irwin drop the stone on the pile and head back for another one . Doc say something to he and irwin get out of the top of he coverall as he walk , tie the arm around he waist . what we first notice be not irwin 's taut , ropey muscle , but that he back be lace with scar . jinx what in the fuck be that ? ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 63 on } } 1 ia '' 64 win 47 . continued : 63 yate Electrical scar . the NVA interrogator would smear they prisoner ' back with conductive jelly , then get a car battery and _some fray jumper cable and go to work . jinx fuck I . how long be he in there ? yate six year . ( beat ) he could have get out after four , but he do six . ( off jinx 's look ) they offer he a release , but he would not go without he man . jinx how come you know so much about he ? yate I ... I 'ma student of history . winter continue to watch irwin 's progress from he window , he brow beginning to furrow . ext . the yard - day 64 irwin drop a stone on the pile , take a moment to catch he breath , then turn and start back . sweat be pour off he . the sun be brilliant . the on-looker be crowded into a narrow band of shade against one wall . darnell , near beaupre , take he eye off irwin for a moment , see something , elbow beaupre . darnell shit , look ! beaupre look . beaupre fuck ! yate look over at he -- what ? beaupre point . beaupre ( cont would ) he 's almost do ! ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 64 65 48 . continued : 64 yate lock over at the pile -- six stone leave . yate 3 - 2 ! his favor ! es_in . beaupre run out to irwin . — beaupre Drop , you fuck ! Drop dead ! duffy run out . duffy you can do it ! other run out of the shade i i of it , joi irwin keep go . ext . the yard - day 65 irwin pick up the last stone -- the heaviest of all . he can barely straighten he leg . he totter off into . a gauntlet of two hundre men lining he course , yell at he both to stop ang keep go . irwin pick up he pace , get to a brisk walk , then to a run . he roar and sprint the last few yard and toss the last stone high onto the pile . the crowd go nut . beaupre curse . yate look bemuse . aguilar jump for joy . peretz hear something over he headset , turn , look up . Winter be stand at he window , radio to he mouth . aguilar and other crowd around irwin , cheer . general irwin ( through a dry raspy throat ) could I have some water ? thro 's he air . the cheer and celebration come down a notch . another blast of the whistle . the celebration quiet . lo. peretz the discipline order be horn to horn labor ! the disposition of the stone be immaterial ! the prisoner must continue ! ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 65 66 49 . continued : 65 groan , a few cheer , from the crowd . enriquez what 's he suppose to do , Lieutenant ? he move the whole goddamn pile ! lt . peretz then he can move it back . more groan and cheer . irwin eye peretz for a moment , look up at Winter in he window , then pick up a stone and start back . yate 7 - 2 against ! another stream of bet come in . aguilar push through . aguilar four ! in favor ! yate four for Mr. aguilar . ext . the yard - day 66 irwin , haggard , tote a stone . the gauntlet of yell man have get narrower , louder . beaupre stumble into irwin 's path . irwin hit he , fall . irwin 's head hit the stone and he 's still . the crowd surge around he . beaupre he 's down ! duffy you trip he ! . beaupre somebody push I ! irwin raise he head . blood be stream out of a cut over he eye . he start to push himself to he foot . beaupre ( cont would ) he can not go on like that ! Dec wriggle through the crowd , see the blood . boc Jesus . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 50 . 66 continued : 66 general irwin I be okay . beaupre no , he be not ! it 's over ! Doc move he index finger back and forth . boc follow it . irwin do . Doc hold up four finger . poc ( cont would ) how many ? general irwin four . poc what day be it ? general irwin Saturday . boc who 's the President ? general irwin elmer fudd . boc he 's fine ! chee : fr wd . irwin wipe the blood from he eye , pick the rock up and keep go . yate 11 - 1 ! more bet come in . aguilar two more ! 67 ext . the yard - dusk 67 irwin stagger under the load of a rock , barely able to put one foot in front of the other . dry blood be cake on he forehead and smear across he face , chest and coverall . ( continued ) | Karen Goldberg 67 68 51 . continued : 67 the crowd be now five hundre men , but it 's eerily quiet . they be watch irwin and they be watch ... the clock , inching closer to 6:00 , minute hand hold at 5:59 ... hold ... hold ... elunk . it slide to 6:00 . lr lo ! 2 - but then there 's quickly confusion . enriquez the horn ! the fucker ! they be hold the motherfuck horn ! beaupre , face purple with rage , scream in irwin 's face . beaupre die , goddamn you , die ! irwin make it to the pile , and as he drop the stone , the the crowd go wild . irwin slowly straighten up , he eye fix on ... Winter in he window . irwin sense someone walk up to he . it 's aguilar . aguilar stop in front of irwin , raise he hand like he 's go to salute . irwin wince -- do not do it . but aguilar just run he finger through he hair , grin . irwin grin back , Winter turn away from he window . int . aguilar be cell - night 68 aguilar look up as yate enter with 36 carton of cigarettes . aguilar what 's that ? yate they be yours . four carton at 7 - 2 , two at .11 - 1 -- that 's 36 . aguilar ( laugh ) they be not mine . I place that bet for somebody else . . yate who ? ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 68 69 52 . continued : 68 aguilar the guy in the hut three door down . int . general irwin be cell - night 69 irwin be soaking he aching , raw hand in he sink . yate ( 0.s. ) you know , betting on yourself could get you a lifetime ban from the Hall of Fame . irwin smile , turn , see yate . general irwin Mr. aguilar ! aguilar at the door . irwin nod at the cigarettes . general irwin ( cont would ) if you would not mind , pass that out as far as they will go . I do not smoke . aguilar thank you , sir . the men'll appreciate it . aguilar take the cigarettes , leave . yate one thing I have get to know : when you fall and cut you head , do you do that just to drive up the odd ? general irwin why would I do a thing like that ? yate to shut down my book . general irwin and why would I want to shut down you book ? yate because you know I be run a suicide pool on you . . general irwin ah , yes . I hear about that . be there any square leave ? ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 69 continued : 53 . 69 yate just one . nine week . general irwin how much to enter ? yate nope , sorry . know you , you would kill yourself just to win a box of smoke , general irwin never . I be like Pete Rose : if I bet on myself , it 's always to win . yate but you do not always win . general irwin God , no . a moment of quiet . yate be about to leave , but stop . yate I meet you once , when I be a kid . ( irwin look at he ) 1981 . the belate welcome Home ceremony at the White House . I be there . my father be one of you man . in hanoi . general irwin I do not recall any yate ... yate my mother 's name . my dad be Richard andrew . they split when I be a teenager . I take she name . general irwin Richard andrew ... he be a good man . : yate no , he be not . you know that . general irwin after thirty year , everyone 's a good man . it 's a law . where 's you father now ? ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 69 continued : 54 . ( 2 ) 69 yate crawl with worm , I suppose . ( off irwin 's look ) he die in ' 87 . he be in a bar fight , get hit in the head . he think he be okay , go back to he shithole motel room and go to bed . trouble be , he blood be so thin from drink it could not clot right anymore and he ble to death in he sleep . general irwin I be sorry . yate yeah , well , it be you fault . ( off irwin 's look ) the man who be with you in hanoi -- to a man they all say you keep they alive . you strength . irwin shake he head . yate ( cont would ) I kinda wish you have not be so strong . maybe my dad would have die over there . at least then we would have have that -- he would have die a hero , not a sad , pathetic skid row drunk . general irwin I be not responsible for that man survive . yate that 's not what they say . general irwin when you be torture , the first thing they try to do be break down you sense of self . I break quickly . within week , self - preservation be the last thing on my mind . in fact , I prayed for death . every night . the only thing that keep I from answer that prayer myself be the think of the man in the other room . they keep I alive , Mr. yate , not the other way around . the_horn sound . Karen Goldberg 70 71 72 55 . ext . the yard - day 70 a line of men stretch from the stone pile to the wall as they move the stone . they hand work with quick , practice precision and the stone fly along the line . at the wall , aguilar oversee closely as the stone be carefully stack and slather with mortar to form the new wall , irwin walk out of the tier , head for the wall . as he pass inmate , many of they '' salute '' he as aguilar do by run they finger through they hair . dellwo Morning , Chief . other inmate hey , Chief . good morning , Chief . someone tap aguilar on the shoulder . he turn , see irwin walk up . aguilar and all the man around he '' salute . '' int . winter's office - day 71 Winter and peretz stand at the window . lt . peretz the hand through the hair be they form of salute . they address irwin as Chief . they have substitute for other rank , as well . anyone who be a Captain be call " boss " , sergeant be " Sport " , and private be " pal . " colonel winter ( think , nod ) take they name . peretz nod , lift binocular , start jotting down name . ext . the yard - dusk 72 aguilar and the fifty or so inmate who be stack the stone be stand before Winter , who stand on the administration Building step . peretz wait behind hin . colonel winter there may be many time in a soldier 's career when he will be require to ( more ) ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 72 continued : colonel winter ( cont would ) salute a man for whom he have no respect . he salute anyway , because he have be teach to salute the rank , not the man . there will hopefully , however , be many more instance than that in a soldier 's career when he happily salute not 56 . 72 only the rank , but the man who carry it . when we who be soldier see greatness in a man -- see all the quality we attribute to that few we call heroes -- then it be not only we duty to salute , it be we honor and we privilege . ' that be what we do , we who be soldier : that be who we be , and I understand that . ( beat ) what I do not understand be how you could think that any of that apply to you . you be not soldier . e i ns xr the _inma 's . colonel winter ( cont would ) each one of you be nothing more than the shadow of a soldier . you have the shape of a soldier , but you have mo substance . you once be a soldier , but now you merely mark the space where a soldier once stand . ( gesture to prison wall ) and so we lock you away , out of the light . and real soldier ... ( gesture to peretz , mclare ) ::-:are call upon to contain you , to keep you from bring more shame to the uniform they wear . Winter look at they for a moment longer , then go inside . peretz take he place . . lo. peretz the prisoner present will return to they cell to commence a seventy - two hour lockdown . the man sag , slump , the air go out of they . turn and dissolve to : Karen Goldberg 73 74 75 76 77 57 . int . administration build hallway - day Colonel Winter arrive for work , briefcase in hand , pass people in the hall , exchange " good morning . " int . winter's office - outer office - day Winter greet he secretary and head into he office . int . winter's office - day Winter go to he desk . he glance out the window before he sit down . he do not sit down . his face cloud with anger . he hit the speakerphone intercom button . . colonel winter get I Lieutenant peretz . int . winter's office - outer office - day peretz come through quickly , go into Winter 's office . int . winter's office - day peretz enter to find Winter stand at the window . colonel winter do you wish to be re-assign , Lieutenant ? lt . peretz six ? colonel winter just give the word and I will have you shoveling camel dung in djibouti so fast it will make you eye bleed . lt . peretz Sir , I - - colonel winter did I or did I not order you to have that men locked down ? lt . peretz yes , sir . you -- colonel winter ( point out window ) then what in God 's name be that ? ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 73 74 75 76 77 77 58 . continued : '' 97 peretz step up to the window , look down . two dozen men be put the last stone on the top level of the wall . colonel winter ( cont ! d) I swear , Lieutenant , you better have one hell of a good goddamn excuse or I be go to crawl up you ass so far that bump in you throat will be my nose . lt . peretz Sir -- colonel winter yes , Lieutenant ?! lt . peretz Sir , that be different man . Winter look closer and he can not believe he eye . there 's no dellwo , no duffy -- no one we recognize . Winter think . hmm. exhales . colonel winter release aguilar and the other man on lockdown . peretz nod . colonel winter ( cont would ) then bring he to I . lt . peretz who , sir ? colonel winter the Prince of Fucking Venezuela . who do you think ? lt . peretz General irwin ? colonel winter ( glower ) mister irwin . peretz nod , turn on he heel . Karen Goldberg 78 79 59 . ext . the yard - day 78 aguilar and the other fifty man who have be in lockdown walk out onto the yard . as they approach the almost - finish blockhouse wall , the man already there start clap . int . winter's office - dusk 79 Winter stand at he window , look down at aguilar and the other by the wall . colonel winter it 's sad , but they just do not get it , do they ? apparently the irony of prisoner building they own prison escape they . general . irwin { o.s. ) no , they get it . Winter turn . irwin be stand in the middle of the room . general irwin ( cont would ) they just do not care . it give they something to do . Winter stare at irwin for a long moment . colonel winter so , Mr. irwin , what do you want ? general irwin I want to do my time and go home . colonel winter so you say , and yet everything you have do here contradict that . ( beat ) what do you want for they ? the ability to salute , use rank ? what ? general irwin I think I want the same thing you do -- that they should be better man go out of here than they be come ain , colonel winter that 's the line my predecessor use . ( more ) ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 79 continued : 60 . 79 colonel winter ( cont would ) in he last two year here , there be seven escape attempt and twelve injury assault on a officer , include one kill . in the ten years_since I assume command , there have be zero escape attempt , zero injury assault , zero officer fatality . some may question my way , Mr. irwin , but they work . ( beat ) see , in case you have forget , that man down there be not here for unpaid parking ticket and library fine . Mr. beaupre and he croney rape and murder a young woman in a parking lot in manila . Mr. dellwo rob a px with a shotgun , blow a poor corporal 's hand off . you beloved Mr. aguilar almost kill a mp with a claw hammer . general irwin I labor under no illusion about what this man have do . I just think they could occasionally be remind of the best thing they do in ' they life rather than have to only think of the worst . Winter look at irwin . he walk over to he display case , look over he collection . colonel winter I know you do not respect I , Mr. irwin . general irwin Excuse I ? colonel winter you the great front line combat veteran . I the rear echeion jailer bureaucrat who collect grisly memento of war , but have never actually set foot on a battlefield . general irwin I do not -- ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 79 80 61 . continued : ( 2 ) 79 colonel winter this ig combat , Mr. irwin . this be war . and it 's a war I have be fight for a_ long time . my man and I be vastly outnumber and we spend every day behind enemy line . because make no mistake about it ... ( point out window ) ... they be the enemy ; you be the enemy , and I will not have any term dictate to I by the enemy . there will be no salute in any form whatsoever . there will be no sneaking around the prohibition of rank , I do not care what word you use . and , as it seem to have become a focus of much tension and turmoil ... ( check he watch ) ... in a couple of minute , there will be no wall . irwin do not understand . ext . the yard - day 80 aguilar and the man be stand back , enjoy a look at the complete wall . Cyrus shake he head . aguilar look at he -- what ? cyrus I be afraid I have never quite understand . it go nowhere , enclose nothing , do not support anything . it 's ... it 's just a wall . aguilar yeah . but it 's we wall . Cyrus grin , nod . and then they hear a sound and turn . the truck gate be open across the yard . everyone look . they hear a rattling rumble and then ... a bulldozer come through the open gate . it head for the man and the blockhouse wall . no one know what to make of it . and then , two dozen guard , include niebolt and mclare , run out , flank the bulldozer , baton ready . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 80 el 82 83 62 . continued : 80 mclaren move away from the wall ! now the inmate realize what 's happen . aguilar no ... mclaren move away from the wall ! the man boo , jeer , but move back from the advance guard . aguilar do not back away . he start walk toward the bulldozer . mclaren ( cont would ) do not do it , aguilar ! but aguilar do not stop . niebolt run out , grab aguilar . niebolt do not ! aguilar push niebolt away . a ripple of fear go through the man . int . winter 's office - day 81 Winter , irwin and peretz be at the window . colonel winter end it . peretz nod , click on he radio . Winter almost grin . irwin get a very bad feel . ext . the yard - day 82 a whistle blow . the inmate hit the dirt , cover they head with they arm . aguilar walk in . front of the bulldozer , raise he arm . niebolt get down ! int . winter's office - day 83 irwin look down in horror , realize . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 83 84 85 63 . continued : 83 general irwin for godsake , get down ... ext . the yard - day 84 aguilar stand in the path of the advance bulldozer . the bulldozer slow , stop . aguilar grin , start to turn to look back at the other . crackcrackcrack . aguilar jerk from three bullet hit to the chest . he look surprised more than pain . he fall face forward to the ground . silence for a moment . aguilar do not move . and then dark wet stain start to blossom on he back . niebolt oh , fuck ... Doc ! boc Sir , permission to examine the prisoner , sir ! mclaren go! Doc scramble to aguilar , roll he over and we see the tear cloth o£ the bullet strike and he dog tag , cover in blood . boc oh , Jesus . int . winter's office - day 85 Winter look at irwin with a expression that say '' see what you make I do ? '' colonel winter they should only be use rubber bullet . I can not imagine how something like this could happen . ( to peretz ) look into it , Lieutenant . I / x11 expect a full report on my desk by Monday morning . lt . peretz yes , sir . colonel winter escort the prisoner back to he cell . Standard seventy - two hour lockdown for the population . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 85 86 87 88 89 90 64 . continued : 85 lt . peretz yes , sir . peretz head out . irwin go with he . he look back at Winter , stunne , now fully see the depth of Winter 's darkness . int . the tier - day / night 86 a series of dissolves show the man sit out the 72 hour lockdown . at first , they yell and bang they cell door . but as day become night become day again , they quiet down , take they meal , sit in silence . int . the tier - day 87 a_horn sound and all the cell door slide open . ext . the yard - dusk 88 a light rain fall . the blockhouse wall be go . the only sign it be ever there be a strip of new earth where the foundation be dig out . 300 inmate be in the yard , scattered across it , back to they racial division . the mood be quiet . int . winter's office - dusk 89 Winter look down from he window , peretz by he side . colonel winter and once more , order return to the jungle . Winter turn and go to he desk . peretz stay by the window . ext . the yard - dusk 90 General irwin walk out alone to the center of the yard , to where the biockhouse wall have be . he look at the strip of new earth for a few moment , then he turn to the man behind he . general irwin Mr. dellwo . dellwo ten-hut ! ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 90 91 92 `s . continued : 90 at that , the 300 man scattered randomly across the yard move and start to form a grid . even beaupre and he men step into line . int . winter's office - dusk 91 peretz look down at the grid as it form , amaze . lt . peretz Sir ...? ext . the yard - dusk 92 the grid form up into crisp , even line , fill half the yard . the man stand at attention . irwin nod to Doc . Doc step out of line , walk up to irwin , hold out he hand . in he hand be dog tag , smear with dark , dry blood . irwin take they . Doc return to he line . irwin kneel , scoops up some dirt with he hand and bury the tag . he pat the earth flat , stand . he look out at the man . general irwin some might think to be remember in this way would be a disgrace to a soldier , but there be no disgrace in this . the great monument to we fall heroes be not make of marble . they be deep in the jungle -- a rifle drive into the ground , a helmet perch atop it , some dog tag . ( beat ) and that be the kind of tribute this man have earn . he do not get a twenty - one gun salute or any of the other honors usually bestow upon a soldier . he get more . ( beat ) he go to meet he maker with the honor he claim for himself . ( beat ) gentlemen -- private first class Ramon aguilar , United States Marine Corps . irwin bow he head and place he hand over he heart . the three hundre men follow suit . someone in the group start sing the Marine hymn . a few other join in . Karen Goldberg 66 . 93 int . winter's office - dusk 93 Winter and peretz look down from the window . colonel winter a martyr . he 's make the stutter monkey into a martyr . and then they start to hear it -- the Marine hymn , swell . colonel winter ( cont would ) sound the dinner horn . lt . peretz it 's not for another ten -- colonel winter SOUND it ! peretz snap up the phone . 94 ext . the yard - dusk 94 Three hundred man be sing , and they be sing loud . and then the horn sound , cut through they voice . 95 int . winter's office - dusk 95 the horn die . silence -- no sing . Winter exhales in relief -- that 's better . he 's about to turn away from the window when ... the three hundre men turn as one and salute he . Winter grimace , do not return the salute . the man drop they salute and march off toward the tier . colonel winter bring General irwin to I . lt . peretz ( beat ) mister irwin ... Winter turn and glare at peretz -- do not fuck with I . peretz nod and leave . 96 int . winter's office - day 96 irwin sit across from Winter . after some silence ... ( continued ) Karen goidberg 96 continued : 67 . 96 colonel winter if the inmate could confine themselves to a simple hand motion such as this ... orun hand through hair ) ... I do not see any problem . it 's — not technically a salute , and as long as no one outside of the usdb know about it , we can live with it . all right ? general irwin ( beat ) I do not think that really matter now . colonel winter all right . I just think -- general irwin in fact , Colonel , there 's only one thing the man want anymore . colonel winter and that be ...? general irwin you resignation . colonel winter Excuse I ? general irwin they do not want better food . they do not want more tv . they do not even want out . they just want you to go away . Winter look at irwin for a moment , think . colonel winter Lieutenant peretz ! general irwin I agree with they . you should go . but not because of the brutality you encourage . not even because you have man kill . you should go because you be the very worst kind of officer . you be a disgrace to the uniform . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 96 97 98 68 . continued : ( 2 ) 96 the door open ; peretz appear . colonel winter escort the prisoner back to he cell . peretz nod , gesture to the door for irwin . irwin lock eye with Winter , then walk out . peretz follow he . Winter just sit there for a moment , think . he reach over and tap he intercom button . colonel winter ( cont would ) marjorie , get General wheeler on the line . secretary ( v.0 . ) Colonel , I be sure he 's leave for the day -- colonel winter then get he at home . Winter sit back , look out at the yard , play with something in he hand . he lock down and see that it 's same old bayonet again . Winter look at it . his phone buzze . Winter drop the bayonet on he desk and pick up the phone . colonel winter ( cont would ) {into phone ) good evening , General . sorry to disturb you . int . the tier - day 97 mclare be on the floor , read from a list of name . sgt . mclaren fenton , fiengold , garbowski ... on the 6th tier 98 irwin be sit in he cell , read . sgt . mclaren ( 0.s. ) ... hadley , hammerman , irwin , jankelford ... irwin look up , surprised . Karen Goldberg 99 100 69 . int . visitor's CENTER - day 99 irwin walk in . niebolt direct he . pvt . niebolt number three . irwin walk down the row of phone . he 's surprised to see who 's wait for he -- a young officer -- lo. dave . irwin sit , pick up the phone . lt . dave hello , leland . how be you feel ? general irwin frankly , Lieutenant , I be feel a little confuse . I be try to figure out what possible reason my lawyer could have for be here . lt . dave you do not know ? they have not tell you ? irwin do not know what dave be talk about . lt , dave ( cont would ) leland -- you be be release . irwin be stunne . int . mess hall - night 100 Cyrus be at a table with dellwo , duffy , Doc and enriquez . boc it 's call a compassionate release . they be say he have health problem -- duffy that 's bullshit ! boc I be just say what they be say . . ( to all ) they be keep he in p.c. tonight . he get out tomorrow . cyrus kill the head and the body will die . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 70 . 100 continued : 100 dellwo what ? cyrus it 's a old line . it mean -- dellwo I know what it mean , Cyrus . it 's just bullshit , be all . they remove this head and this body be just gonna get stronger . we be gonna go apeshit on this place . boc no , we be not . dellwo like fuck we be not . enriquez who 's gonna lead we ? dellwo I do not know ... me. eyebrow arch at that . dellwo ( cont would ) you then . JI do not care . enriquez not I . dellwo somebody . there be no volunteer . the table go quiet . yate ( v.o. ) it 's perfect ! absolutely goddamn perfect ! 101 int . the hole - general irwin be cell - night 101 yate be stand ' outside irwin 's cell door . irwin be inside , sit on the bunk , in the dark . yate it make so much sense when you think about it , it 's almost obvious . but I do not see it . nobody do . ( more ) ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 101 continued : 71 . '' 102 yate ( cont would ) maybe Winter do . maybe he know . but there be nothing he could do . general irwin what be you talk about , yate ? yate oh , give it up , you old dog ! come on ! it fit perfectly . you be a smart man , right ? a three - star general . brilliant strategist . one of the best ever . wrote book on the stuff . and you wanna tell I you be not plan this right from the beginning ? this be what you want , be not it , Chief ? you serve two month -- two month and you be out of here ! you be a genius ! you get everyone to play they little part -- and they play ‘em perfectly . even I . sgt . mclaren ( 0.s. ) yate ! time 's up ! yate ( to mclare ) okay ! ( to irwin ) just tell I the truth . I promise I will not tell a soul . I be right , be not I ? mclaren ( 0.s. ) move it , yate ! yate I be move ! I be move ! ( to irwin ) come on . I do not care . I be you biggest fan . just tell I . you know if you keep at Winter long enough he would let you go just to get rid of you , right ? irwin say nothing . yate start off . irwin it occur to I , yes . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 101 102 103 72 . continued : ( 2 ) 101 yate be hit by that , stop . for all he boisterous cynicism , he 's disappointed . but he hide it . yate God bless you , mister . you be the king . sgt . mclaren ( 0.s. ) goddamnit , yate , do not make I come down there ! yate I be walk ! one foot in front of the other ! yate head off down the hall toward the sally port . irwin sit on he bed , stare into space . int . administration build hallway - day 102 peretz and mclare walk with irwin , now in street clothes , down a hallway . he glance out a window . he Pov down into the yard . empty . not a soul . ext . usdb entrance - day 103 irwin come out with peretz and mclare . they walk toward the inner fence gate , 50 yard off . there be two more gate past that . Beyond the outer gate there be ten tv newsvan wait . winter and lt . dave wait by the inner gate . irwin , peretz and mclare walk up to Winter . colonel winter Mr. irwin , I be go to say to you what I say to everyone who leave this facility : irwin see something over Winter 's shoulder . in the five window of the library stand dellwo , duffy , enriquez and beaupre , salute . irwin 's eye glide over they to - the fifth window , where ... yate be stand . he 's not salute . he 's just stand and stare . he and irwin lock eye . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 103 104 73 . continued : 103 colonel winter ( cont would ) I hope you can make good use of the time you have leave to you , and I ... Winter sense irwin 's look at something , turn to look . as he turn , dellwo and the other lower they hand . Winter turn back to irwin . colonel winter ( cont would ) ... and I hope that you can live in such a way that you never have to see the inside of a place like this again . Winter stick out he hand . irwin shake it . Winter nod . irwin start off . there 's a odd expression on he face -- one we have see before . he look piss off . like he do not want to do what he know he must . he sigh , stop , turn . general irwin Colonel , may I ask one question before I go ? colonel winter of course . irwin walk back to the Colonel . general irwin what I have like to know be -- irwin suddenly haul off and clock Winter with a roundhouse right . Winter sail back , hit the ground , blood stream from he nose . general irwin ( cont no ) ( cont would ) -- do you really think you could get rid of I that easily ? peretz and mclare be on irwin in a flash , wail with they baton . irwin cover up and drop . int . library - day 104 dellwo and the rest look at each for a moment -- do that really happen ? -- then erupt in cheer . Karen Goldberg 74 . 105 ext . usdb entrance - day 105 irwin be drag back toward the entrance , blood drip from he head . he see ... dellwo and the other in the library window , jump up and down , cheer . and then there 's ... yate . he give the smallest of grin . irwin look at yate as peretz and mclare drag he inside . 106 int . the hole - general irwin be cell - night 106 irwin lay on the bunk . he hear footstep approach . trustee ( 0.s. ) meal ! the meal slot slide open and a tray . be push in . irwin take it . trustee ( 0.8 . ) ( cont would ) you have three minute to eat you meal . irwin look at the meal . there 's something hide underneath the napkin . he pick it up , see a Ziploc bag full of some cloudy liquid . he pick it up , open it , take a whiff . his eye water . general irwin Cyrus ? 107 int . the hole - outside irwin 's cell - night - crosscut 107 Cyrus wear a trustee 's orange vest , push the meal cart . cyrus you find it . general irwin what in God 's name be it ? cyrus pruno . original recipe . I think you might be in some pain . it ’1ll take the edge off . just do not get any on you skin . ( loud ) two minute and thirty second ! ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 107 continued : 75 . 107 general irwin what be you do here ? cyrus funny you should ask that . a few of we be wonder what in the hell you be do here . general irwin ( beat ) I do not know . I have be ask myself the same thing . aguilar , I suppose . cyrus how 's that ? general irwin I can not help feel responsible . : cyrus for what ? his death ? there 's only one man responsible for that and it 's not you . you be , however , responsible for make he feel like a soldier again . ( beat ) as it happen , I know several hundred other man who would like nothing more than to feel like soldier again themselves . ( loud ) two minute ! general irwin to what end ? cyrus you know what end . unless you do not think it 's possible . general irwin {beat ) no , it 's possible . cyrus do you see any other option ? general irwin there be always other option . cyrus such as ? ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 107 108 109 110 76 . continued : ( 2 ) 107 irwin have no answer . cyrus ( cont would ) the man be wait , General . gust give the word . irwin shut he eye , think hard . he grin ruefully to himself , shake he head , sigh . general irwin have General wheeler pay a visit yet ? cyrus no. ( loud ) one minute ! general irwin he will . probably tomorrow . which mean you will have to move quickly . ext . road approaching the prison - day 108 a three car motorcade -- two jeep and a sedan -- approach the prison , small cac ( Combined arm Center ) flag whipping from the antennas . ext . parking lot - day 109 the motorcade drive through the last of the fence gate into the parking lot and stop . a corporal hustle from the jeep and open the rear passenger door . out get ... lo. gen . jame wheeler , 50 , none too happy to be there . int . winter's office - day 110 wheeler be in with Winter . lo. gen . wheeler it be on all the news show , Ed ! sure , it 's hazy telephoto and they have to put one of that circle around it to highlight it , but it 's pretty damn clear what happen -- Lee irwin deck you ! colonel winter it be really more of a slap , sir -- ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 110 continued : 77 , '' 110 lt . gen . wheeler that be a helluva slap ! you land on you ass ! now , what in God 's name be go on here ? colonel winter I do not know , sir . I be not a doctor . he -- two week ago I observe he march a man back and forth in the yard . a minor eccentricity . Fine . since then , it 's as if he 's be do everything he can to provoke I , in order to recruit a follow . it 's almost as if -- and again , I be not a doctor -- but it 's as if in some way he believe he be still in the field , commanding a division . lt . gen . wheeler be you say he 's delusional ? colonel winter I be just tell you what I have see . lt . gen . wheeler you prisoner have make some claim through he lawyer ... colonel winter I know , and they be absurd . every incident he mention have be thoroughly document . ( beat ) it 's almost as if he 's try to manufacture a cause . ( beat ) General , when I request compassionate release on medical grounds , I nil be honest : this be my true concern . his mental state . TI do not know that this be the right place for he . wheeler take that in , think about it . colonel winter ( cont would ) when you think about it , sir .... six year in the hand of North vietnamese torturer ? ( more ) ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 78 . 110 continued : ( 2 ) 110 colonel winter ( cont would ) I do not know that I would not have be a jabber idiot a long time ago . not that he 's in any way a jabber idiot . he 's not . it 's just ... Winter shrug -- nothing more to say . lt . gen . wheeler I better talk to he . alone. and not through any plexiglass wall . Winter nod . 111 int . visitor's CENTER - contact room - day 111 mclare and niebolt usher wheeler into the room . irwin be sit . a cut over he eye have be stitched , but he still look like hell . sgt . mclaren this be a contact visit . you be limited to one embrace at the beginning and one at the end . hand must be visible at all time . general irwin I guess that rule out the handjob . mclare , niebolt and wheeler laugh . wheeler take a seat . lo. gen . wheeler ( to mclare and niebolt ) go watch through the mirror . ( they hesitate ) I all be fine . they know that . they head out , leave wheeler and irwin alone . lt . gen . wheeler ( cont would ) you look well . general irwin you never be a good liar . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 79 . 111 continued : '' aq 112 lt . gen . wheeler ( grin , then : ) I apologize for not call you , when you be in the middle of the trial . ( irwin shrug it off ) Hell , I just do not want anyone to know I know you . irwin smile . lo. gen . wheeler ( cont would ) I have to say , I think go after that man in burundi be the right thing to do . disobey a order to do it , I be not so sure about -- general irwin you be not here to talk about that . wheeler shake he head . lo. gen . wheeler I '' here to see if you have lose you mind . int . winter's office - outer office - day 112 a trustee bring the mail to Winter 's secretary . trustee Morning , miss Kelly . secretary Morning , Danny . the trustee point to the letter on top of the pile . trustee I find that one just lay on the floor in the hall . close on the envelope : it 's address to Colonel winter , personal and confidential , read by 12:00 . the secretary look at the wall clock . it 's 11:55 . Karen Goldberg 113 114 1i5 80 . int . visitor's CENTER - contact room - day 113 general irwin you want to know if I have lose my mind ? I punch the commandant of the usdb ten foot from freedom , what do you think ? lt . gen . wheeler I think Colonel Edwin Winter be a royal pain in the ass and you would be hard press to find anyone who 's ever work with he who do not want to shake you hand right now . int . winter's office - day 114 Winter look over the envelope , look at the clock . 11:58 . he slit open the letter with a opener , pull out two sheet of paper , unfold they . close on the top sheet . handwrite read : we be in position to take wheeler . if you do not come to the visitor 's Center and resign to he in my presence by 12:10 pm , he will become we prigoner . int . visitor's CENTER - contact room - day 115 general irwin he 's more than just a pain in the ass , Jim . wheeler look , Lee , I do not like he , you do not like he , no one back in D.C. like he . but , he 's get the job do . his number be too good . as far as the Pentagon be concerned , he 's untouchable . general irwin a murderer be untouchable ? . lo. gen . wheeler they be say that be some mix up in the handle of the ammunition . general irwin four time in two year ? ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 115 continued : 81 . '' 11 lt . gen . wheeler i_know it 's suspicious , but suspicion alone be not gonna cut it , you know that . do you have any proof ? anything that would stand up ata court-martial ? general irwin ( beat , sigh ) no. I do not . silence between the two old friend . wheeler nod , start to push back he chair . lt . gen . wheeler perhaps I better be go ... general irwin sit down . wheeler look at he . general irwin ( cont would ) I have be here two month , you be my first visitor and we have get ten minute leave . sit down . wheeler grin , sit back down . 116 int . winter's office - day 116 Winter be scan the yard with the binocular . peretz be talk into a radio . lt . peretz all team , this be a full sort alert and confidence be high . 117 int . visitor's CENTER - contact room - day 117 wheeler look at irwin . lt . gen . wheeler look , Lee , can I give you some advice ? general irwin . would it make any difference if for say no ? lt . gen . wheeler of course not . Karen Goldberg 118 119 120 121 122 82. int . usdb - various location 118 various shot : guard put on kevlar vest , rifle be pull out of a hide storage closet , gas mask be yank off hook . int . winter's office - day 119 peretz be scan the yard with binocular . lt . peretz I see no indication , sir , colonel winter of course not . he will keep it hide until the last possible second . ( beat ) this be how it begin , Lieutenant . in all the book , about all the battle , this be how it always begin . in silence . ext . usdb entrance - day 120 the white team of twenty soldier , with gas mask and rifle ( the only team with rifle ) , get into position outside the gate . the team leader key he radio mike . white team leader White team set . int . administration build hallway - day 121 the blue team of twenty soldier be hunkere down by door to the yard , ready with baton . blue team leader Blue set . int . visitor's CENTER hallway - day 122 the red team crouch - walk silently to position outside the door into the visitor 's Center . - red team leader Red set . Karen Goldberg 123 124 125 126 83. int . visitor's CENTER - contact room - day 123 lt . gen . wheeler all i'm say be , keep you head down and stay clear of he and you will be out of here by next Christmas . int . winter's office - day 124 Winter eye the wall clock . 12:08 . the minute hand click to 12:09 . colonel winter go! lo. peretz ( into radio ) Red go ! int . visitor's CENTER - contact room - day 125 lt . gen . wheeler take up a hobby or -- the door fling open . the red team charge in , baton up . red team leader down ! down ! on the floor ! now ! wheeler be stunne . irwin quickly drop to the floor , hand behind he neck . four soldier grab wheeler , drag he off . ext . the yard - day 126 the inmate in the yard turn as ... the blue team come run out of the administration Building . in the gun tower , the gunmen have they rifle up and be scan the yard through they scope . wail . the inmate start to get down . heavy iron door in the administration Building swing open with a clang . the inmate turn . out of the building roll ... a cannon push by six guard . a cannon operator ride on top , man the control . the inmate start lay flat . too late . { continued ) Karen Goldberg 126 127 128 129 84 . continued : 126 the cannon fire . the inmate be hit full - blast by pressurize water . they be pick up , send tumble . the Blue team move to the side of the cannon 's blast . they wail on anyone stupid enough to try to run . the cannon roll out further into the yard , the operator turn the control wheel , sweeping the jet-spray over any prisoner still stand . yate lay flat , get spatter with water and mud . the cannon sweep back and forth , until there 's no one leave stand except the guard . the operator release the txigger . the water stop . ext . usdb entrance - day 127 the four red team man haul wheeler out of the gate and hustle he toward a armore personnel carrier , door open . the white team fall back , rifle levele , cover they . wheeler be push into the apc and it take off , door close as it go .. the White team scan the gate , the wall , look for anything that move . int . visitor's CENTER - contact room - day 128 irwin be still on the floor . as he hand be pull behind he and cuffed , he grin . ext . road approaching the prison - minute later 129 wheeler be stand outside of the apc , reaming Colonel Winter . peretz be over by they jeep , on the radio . Winter be look out at the apc and response team as wheeler go at he . there 's something in Winter 's eye -- a realization -- that almost make he smile . lt . gen . wheeler you think he be go to try to take I hostage ?! be you serious ? colonel winter we have a note to that effect , sir . apparently it be just a hoax . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg gs. 129 continued : 123 lt . gen . wheeler and you do not consider that before you have my ass drag out of there ? I almost have a fuck heart attack ! colonel winter it be a overreaction on my part , sir . lt . gen . wheeler overreaction ?! I be start to think maybe you be the one who 's delusional , Colonel . colonel winter yes , sir , I can see how you might think that . peretz signal Winter . colonel winter ( cont would ) Sir , could you excuse I for a moment ? lt . gen . wheeler well ... all right . Winter walk over to peretz . lt . peretz Sir , we have find no weapon on anyone . colonel winter of course not . lt . peretz look like he be try to bluff you , Colonel . colonel winter bluff I ? Winter be not so sure . : lo. gen . wheeler Colonel ; I have like to get out of here ! Winter walk back to wheeler . wheeler have calm down . lo. gen . wheeler ( cont would ) Ed , it 's my judgement that Lee irwin be as sane as you or I . ( more ) { continued ) Karen Goldberg 86 . 129 continued : ( 2 ) . 129 lt . gen . wheeler ( cont would ) ee hit you because he do not like you , not because he 's lose he mind . Winter nod . lo. gen . wheeler ( cont would ) however , this be you facility , and if you still think he should be transfer out of here , I nil back you up . Winter think about that for a moment . he look at the Castle , at he man . colonel winter no , sir . upon further reflection , this be ... this be exactly where he should be . 130 ext . the yard - day 130 seven hundre men drop forward as one and begin pushup . dellwo , Cyrus and duffy stand together , look dishearten . general irwin ( 0.s. ) who die ? irwin walk up . dellwo sorry , sir , but -- he beat we ! general irwin . he do ? dellwo he call we bluff and he hit we hard ! general irwin exactly what I hope he have do . they look at he -- what ? general irwin ( cont would ) you see , gentleman , now we know what weapon he have and how he use they . Karen Goldberg 131 87 . int . mess hall - night the mess hall usually sit three hundred . there be three time that many man there now , lining the wall , sit on the floor . irwin look over at ... niebolt and mclaren , the guard on duty . they look back at irwin . they eye lock for a moment . niebolt and mclare turn and walk out of the room , the door shutting behind they . thumper and miguel slide into position at the door . irwin give dellwo a look . dellwo stand . dellwo ten-hut ! the room go dead silent . irwin step up on a table . general irwin good evening , man . the men sir , good evening , siri general irwin we do not have much time . I would like to read something to you . ( pull fold piece of paper from he pocket ) I copy this down in the library . it 's from the United States uniform code of military justice , subchapter 22 , section 901 , article 14 . Grounds for removal of a stockade or disciplinary barrack commandant . the man ch . general irwin ( cont would ) ( loud , over the man ) the commandant of a stockade or disciplinary barrack may be remove from duty due to any of the follow : { the man quiet ) item 1 : dereliction of duty . item 2 : criminal malfeasance . item 3 : action injurious to the welfare of he man . item 4 : action injurious to the welfare of the inmate . ( continued ) 131 Karen Goldberg 131 132 8b . continued : 131 c i e " ' e douder as irwin go through the list . general irwin ( cont would ) ( yell to be hear ) item 5 : cruel and unusual punishment of the inmate . item 6 : any action or non-action which bring dishonor to the armed force of the United States of America . item 7 . ( the. man be too loud ) item 7 ! dellwo motion the man to quiet down . the room go silent . general irwin ( cont would ) item 7 : loss of control of he facility . thecmen explode with cheer . irwin fold the piece of paper and tuck it back in he pocket . yate be there , and he 's probably the only one not yell and cheer . he 's just look at irwin . int . irwin nos cell - night 132 irwin be draw on the wall with a piece of chalk . with he be he core cadre : dellwo , Cyrus , duffy , enriquez and doc. as irwin draw , he speak , and it 's a speech we have hear before ... general irwin the first castle be the wall city of mesopotamia build over 8,000 year ago . castle have not change much down the century . there have always be wall and gate and man to guard they . Castle wall have always hold high ground position to fire from and place to run a flag . the only difference between this castle and the countless other build over the last 8,000 year be that they be build to keep people out . this castle be build to keep people in . but it 's still a castle . and the secret to take it be gain control of the one thing battle - planner have always want to control . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 132 continued : 89 . '' 132 boc a nuclear arsenal ? general irwin the High Ground . we do that and we will take the day . we do not and we lose . dellwo we have get to get to the top of the admin Building ? general irwin no. 1/11 explain later . duffy what I do not get be , even if we do manage to '' take the high ground '' and all that , be not they just gonna send in the National Guard ? general irwin no . they ’1ll send in the 1st battalion of the 506th out of the Combined arm Center . cyrus whoa , General . I think we be good , but the cac 506th be one of the most serious outfit in the whole army . we can not take they . general irwin we do not have to . ( off they look ) you know what happen to a captain in the navy if he ship run aground ? he lose he command . ( neds at draw ) by call in the cavalry , Colonel Winter will let the world know he 's run he ship aground . ( beat ) reason number seven for removal of a commandant : loss of control of he facility . they all like the sound of that . irwin toss a cupful of water onto the chalk draw and the line run . he pull out a fold sheet of paper , hand it to dellwo . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 132 133 134 90 . continued : ( 2 ) '' 132 general irwin ( cont would ) we be go to need some thing . dissolve to : a series of shot : : 133 a inmate in the kitchen slip some metal funnel into he jumpsuit . jinx cut a electrical cord off a table lamp in the library . inmate squirrel away they peach at dinner time and later give they to cyrus in he cell . in the hospital , doc stuff bag of surgical tubing into he jumpsuit . int . winter 's office - day 134 Winter be look out the window at the man march in formation in the yard . the number have grow . peretz be report to he . lt . peretz ... and the hospital be report twenty pack of surgical tub miss . Winter say nothing . lo. peretz ( cont would ) Sir , it look like they be prepare for something . colonel winter obviously . lt . peretz if we give the population a 96 - hour lockdown , toss they cell , dida thorough search of the yard , we could -- colonel winter no . Winter lift up binocular , peer at the man march . peretz step up beside he . lt . peretz my count thirty minute ago be approximately six hundred man . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 134 91 . continued : '' 134 colonel winter Close . it 's 611 . ( scan with binocular ) but right now I be more interested in the man who be not march than the one who be . ( beat ) stand alone under Tower 3 . who 's that ? Winter hand the binocular to peretz . binocular Pov show yate stand alone against the wall , write in he book . lt . peretz yate . colonel winter why be not he march ? lt . peretz march call for a man to walk upright . which I doubt yate be capable of . Winter take back the binocular , look at yate . lo. peretz ( cont would ) yate be a lowlife , sir . a hustler . colonel winter what 's that book he 's write in ? lt . peretz that 's he Book , sir . ( off Winter 's hard look ) his gambling Book . he take bet . colonel winter on what ? lt . peretz anything . fights . the weather . he even take bet on whether or not irwin be go to kill himself . colonel winter ( brighten ) TI want to see he file . Karen Goldberg 92 . 135 int . winter's office - day 135 Winter be go through yate ' file . yate sit across from hin . colonel winter you be study military law , post - grad , at the Point , then switch to the Air Force Academy . why be that ? yate fewer joke about pilot . colonel winter do not see too many pilot around here . ( back to file ) graduate 1990 ... Rose to rank of Captain ... served in the Gulf ... Somalia ... train exercise with the Royal canadian Air Force which end in ... court-martial . why be that ? yate {re : file ) it 's in there . colonel winter ( shut file ) I want to hear you version . yate my version be the same as theirs . guilty as charge . colonel winter we do not see too many of that around here , either . yate my crew and I go on a hike on Vancouver Island . we come across a shitload of magic mushroom . ( off Winter 's look ) psilocybin . it 's a hallucinogen . anyway , we try to bring ‘em back to the States and we get catch . Winter open the file , read on . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 135 continued : 93 . '' 135 colonel winter there 's more in here . yate okay , I get catch . in hope of a lower sentence , I help jag nail my crew . colonel winter yet the court-martial still give you six year . yate how do the say go ? " military justice be to justice as military music be to music . " Winter give a thin -lipped smile , read the file . colonel winter it say here you father be a pow with irwin . be that correct ? yate yes . colonel winter and yet , despite what I can only assume would be a favorable impression of he , you have not see fit to join Mr. irwin 's ... yate Army . colonel winter for lack of a better word . why be that ? yate it 's not my fight . colonel winter Mr. irwin be in a fight ? yate it 's the nature of the beast , Colonel . every soldier need a war ; every war require a enemy , and you seem to have volunteer for the job . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 135 continued : 94 . ( 2 ) '' 135 colonel winter I see . and what would you have do in my place ? yate just what you do -- try to get he out of here . but I would not have stop try until he be go . the fact you have stop make I think you want he here . colonel winter ( smile ) Mr. irwin be a clever man , but he be not invulnerable . ( eye yate ) all I need be information , Mr. yate . which be why I want you to reconsider you decision not to join Mr. irwin 's crusade . yate you want I to be you snitch ? . colonel winter my informant 's . yate . any way you phrase it , no , thanks . colonel winter I can make you life here better , Mr. yate . yate you be gonna get I into the wood shop ? gee , thanks . I have get less than a year leave on my bit , Colonel . the only thing I want be to go home . unless you be go the give I early release , we have get nothing to talk about . colonel winter I can also make you life here worse . yate look at he . Karen Goldberg 136 95 . int . the tier - 3rd tier - night 136 yate sit on he bunk , read a book , he cell door shut . he look up as irwin walk up to he door , flanke by dellwo , Cyrus , duffy and enriquez . yate I '' in lockdown . no visitor . general irwin what do the Colonel want ? yate my recipe for shortbread . what the fuck do you think he want ? he want I to join you band of merry man so I could tell he what you be up to . general irwin and what do you say ? yate no. general irwin should I believe you ? yate I could give a shit . general irwin you should have say yes . you could have get I some information . yate what be it today ? why do everybody think I be gonna be they snitch ? dellwo ' Cause you do it before ? yate look up at dellwo , then back to he book . general irwin we could use you help , yate . yate be there some kind of sound barrier here so you can not hear what I be say ? I be not gonna be anyone 's spy , I be not gonna be anyone 's snitch -- { continued ) Karen Goldberg 136 continued : 96 . '' 136 general irwin not that . there 's another skill you possess . yate what -- you want I to run a Book ? general irwin I ’1l1 tell you once you be onboard . ( beat ) will you help we ? yate fuck , no . general irwin why not ? yate for the same reason I say no to the Colonel : you can not give I what I want . general irwin and what 's that ? yate freedom . general irwin really . I think you might want something more than that . yate something more than freedom ? what in God 's name would that be ? general irwin you honor . yate ( beat ) you think you can give I back my honor ? | ( laugh ) good luck . sgt . mclaren ( o.8 . ) get away from the cell ! the prisoner be in lockdown ! ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 97 . 136 continued : ( 2 ) 136 dellwo we be move ! ( to irwin ) we do not need he . diefenbaker can do it . yate diefenbaker ? you be look for a stickman ? 137 irwin say nothing , start off . yate ( cont would ) do not get diefenbaker ! Christ , he 's navy . you be doom . irwin grin as he walk . then he slow , look back at yate . general irwin you be sure ? yate how many time I gotta tell you : I only look out for myself . general irwin you keep say that enough and one day you be go to believe it . irwin walk on . yate watch he go , then go back to he book . a series of shot 137 dellwo sit in he cell collect pennie from inmate . a inmate use a home - make hacksaw blade to cut a length of metal off he bed frame . irwin be pull a empty laundry bag through the air . he notice rattling . he slow , look up at the chain hold the bag . a inmate be in he cell braid strip of bedsheet into rope . a few cell down , two inmate use i i to cover the sound of they bend strip of metal . over at the weight pile , thumper and cutbush surreptitiously use a free-weight to snap the end off the bolt hold the bench press together . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 137 138 98 . continued : 137 cyrus and dellwo be stand by the wooden bleacher by the baseball diamond , quietly remove some screw . int . cyrus ' cell - night 138 irwin zip on a straw stick out of a half - quart Ziploc bag full of murky liquid . Cyrus watch he . Doc , dellwo , enriquez , and duffy be there as well . irwin 's eye go wide , then start to water . he gasp . Cyrus smile . cyrus a strike little domestic . I think you would be amused by its presumption general irwin goed Lord , what be it ? cyrus it start out as good old fashioned Jack , then I add a little grapefruit and tomato . general irwin be they all this ... potent ? cyrus actually , that 's one of the lighter one -- the bartles and jayme of the lot . general irwin how many bag total ? cyrus thirty-six . irwin nod , pass the bag to doc. general irwin take a sip and pass it along . if it 's poison then at least we will all go together . Doc take a sip , choke , pass the bag on . it go around the cell , end with Cyrus . general irwin ( cont would ) now seal it . Cyrus do . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 138 139 140 141 142 99 . continued : 138 general irwin ( cont would ) let that be the first one use . they all look at he . dellwo when ? general irwin tomorrow . they grin spread wide . ext . the yard - day 139 inmate on the weight pile , tend the garden , play basketball . int . winter's office - day 140 Winter and peretz look down upon the scene . colonel winter it 's go off today . Winter cross to he desk . lt . peretz how do you know ? Winter take out a key , unlock a drawer in he desk . colonel winter for the first time in a week , nobody 's do anything suspicious . Winter pull a holster and service revolver out of he desk . colonel winter ( cont would ) prepare the man . Winter strap on the gun . ext . the yard - day 141 empty , late in the afternoon , the sun head down . int . laundry - day 142 the end of shift horn sound . mcclintock climb into a vat , shut it . ST . cyr climb into another vat , pull the cover shut . Karen Goldberg 143 144 145 146 147 100 . ext . the yard - day 143 irwin look out over the yard . some inmate be head in for dinner ; other be spread out in small group , by themselves . nothing out of the ordinary . a inmate with a baseball glove bounce a rubber ball off the wall . int . the tier - day 144 four guard enter , hear drip . they see water puddle on the floor . they look up , see water sheet down in a thin curtain from the 6th tier . the guard start up the stair , baton ready . int . laundry - day 145 empty , quiet . mcclintock and St. cyr climb out of they vat , look around . mcclintock go to one of the chain dangle from the overhead track , grab hold of the chain , start climb up . ext . the yard - day 146 the inmate with the baseball glove toss the ball to a friend and head into the tier . int . 6th tier - day 147 the four guard reach the top of the stair and come out onto the 6th tier . Water cover the dimple metal walkway . the guard peer into the cell as they walk . every cell be empty , toilet plugge with sheet , water bubbling out . halfway down the tier , one cell be dark -- no light spilling out onto the walkway . they head for that cell . they do not see ... black shoelace , tie together , stretch across the walkway . the first two guard trip , go down onto the wet metal floor . one of the other guard look into the dark cell , see ... jinx , stand on he bed , hold a coil of electrical cord , one end wire into the ceiling lamp socket . the other end spit spark . jinx drop the cord . guard get up --! ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 74 ~~ 175 176 178 109 . continued : 174 general irwin ( to trebuchet team ) Left turn ! thirty degree ! puffy and enriquez swing the trebuchet leave . metal door on the side of the administration Building clang open . int . shower - dusk 175 ginx and the other inmate have bashed @ two - foot hole in the shower wall . jinx climb into the hole . another inmate hand he a flashlight . jinx drop down out of sight . int . 3rd tier - dusk 176 a pail over 4 fire be white hot . a inmate use a wooden handle to grab the pail handle . he head out . he 's join by three other guy with white - hot pail . they hurry for the stair . ext . the yard - dusk 177 the cannon , turbine whirxing , come roll out of the administration Building , flanke by forty guard with shield , the cannon operator in the control seat , turn the wheel . general irwin ( to the trebuchet crew ) right turn ! double time ! duffy and enriquez start pivote the catapult . the inmate guard the trebuchet form four wall between the cannon and the trebuchet . the cannon operator take aim , pull the trigger . the blast of pressurize water hit the first wall of man . they angle they shield pack , let the water ramp up off they . int . winter 's S office - dusk 178 colonel winter they foot , goddamn it ! go for they foot ! peretz click on he radio . Karen Goldberg 's 97 . {nued : ( 2 ) " 136 dellwo we 'xe move ! ( to trwin ) we do not need hin . piefenbaker can do it . | yate piefenbaker ? you be look for 4 stickman ? 1 jin say nothing , start off . yate ( cont would ) do not get piefenbaker ! Christ , he 's ' navy . you be doom . win grin as he walk - then he slow , look back at yate . ' general irwin you be sure ? yate how many time T gotta tell you : T only look out for myself . general irwin : oo you keep say that enough and one day you be go to pelieve it . alk on . yate watch he go , then go pack to he ixwin wi 900k . aa series of shot 137 dellwo sit in he cell collect pennie from inmate - a inmate use a home - make hacksaw blade to cut a length of metal off he bed frame - . irwin be pull a empty jaundry bag through the aix - he notice ing . he slow , look up at the chain hold the bag - pan inmate be in he cell praid strip of pedsheet into rope . - a few cell down , two inmate use 4 i to cover the sound of they pend strip of metal . over at the weight pile , thumper and cutbush surreptitiously use a free-weight to snap the end off the polt hold the fnnch press together - ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 104 . '' 154 155 1rew - alleti place : che gam . ix aim er catcl mu lue . . 105 . tinued : 154 . aaien scan the yard through he scope , do not see 3 until the last second . > Ziploc hit the wall just below the guntower - it burst 3 a sheet of flame shoot up - = other funnel crews release they first salvo . one bag '' ps apart in flight , leave a arc of flame . another bag ts the top of a tower , raining fire down . the third bag ret leave . ne over the wall . : wetration Bu ' tes , to one side of the yard , look on , wide - eye . qt. winter's office - pusk k 155 inter and peretz look down in amazement . hed @ will - £o the hole - br colonel winter down out of take they out . lo. peretz ( raise radio ) nmate we go lethal ? make out . i . the colonel winter pail not yet . 4 ( off peretz 's look ) when we 40 , any man we have down there will be kill . ap roll y forty gui . ut . peretz seat , cur ( into radio ) take out the launch crew . N colonel winter ew ) ( mutter ) . show you hand , General . show you hand . the catar ext . the yard - dusk 156 , form fo the gunman in the tower start fire at the funnel crew - ii the t one funnel crewman be hit in the arm with a rubber pullet ; sg the £ : drop , howling - another inmate rush in , take he place . Zeing th ps the injure man be hustied over against the wall , by the truck gate , where doc be wait with he medical team - another four Ziploc fly from the funnel team - theix aim ter be better ~~ all hit the gun tower . two of the tower catch go , £0 ortire . : ( continued ) Karen Goldberg lust . . 29 . tinued : 154 . 138 pray scan che yard through jis scope , do not see 3 until the last gecond . 2 Ziploc pit the wall just pelow the guntower - it burst , ia sheet of flame shoot up - 2 other funnel crews release they first galivo - one bag ps apart in flight , jeave a be of flame . another pag ts the top of a tower , raining fire down . the third bag 1 eg over the wall . { tes , to one side of the yard , look on , wide - eye . yw. winter's office - usk 155 139 inter and peretz look down in amazement - colonel winter take they out . 140 lo. peretz ( raise radio ) go lethal ? colonel winter not yet . '' '' ( off peretz 's look ) when we 4° , any man wwe ave down there will be kill . ut . peretz ( into radio ) take out the jaunch crew - colonel winter ( mutter ) ghow you hand , General . show you hand . ext . the yard - pusK 156 the gunman in the tower start fire at the funnel crew - one funnel crewman be hit in the arm with a rubber pulleti drop , i . another inmate rush in , cake he place - 141 the injure man be hustle over against che wall , py the truck gate . where doc ig wait with he medical team . 42 another four Ziploc fly from the funnel team - they aim 4s better ~~ all hit the gun tower . two of the tower catch om ire . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg aldberg lue . oo . tinued : 154 , sarmbn scan the yard through he scope : do not see 2 Zz until the jast gecond . 143 | 2 Ziploc hit the wall just pelow the guntower - it burst nm , ia sheet of flame shoot up . fg other funnel crews release they first galvos - one bag 6 apart in flight , jeave a be of flame . another bag ts the top of a tower , raining fire down . the third bag | jes over the wall 144 ytes , to one eide of the yard , look on , wide - eye : mt. winter's office - pusk 155 ' unter and peretz ook down in amazement - '' colonel winter 145 : take they out . ' lo. peretz 's ( raise radio ) '' go lethal ? colonel winter 146 4 not yet . '' '' ( off peretz 's look ) no : when we do , any man we have down there will be kill . 147 ut . peretz ( into radio ) take out the launch crew . colonel winter ( mutter ) show you hand , General . show you hand . . ext . the yard - pussk 156 the gunman in the tower start fire at the funnel crew - one funnel ig hit in the arm with a rubber pullet ; drop , ing . another inmate rush in , cake he place . the injure man be hustle over against the wall , py the truck gate , where poc be wait with he medical ceam . another four giploc fly from the funnel team . they aim jis better ~~ ali hit the gun tower . two of the tower catch pnire . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg aidberg due . tinued : '' 454 : scan the yard through he scope : do not gee jat until the last second . 2 Ziploc pit the wall just pelow the guntower - it burst 4 a sheet of flame shoot up - g other funnel crews release they first salvo : one bag g apart u flight . jeaving a arc of flame . another pag ts the top of a tower , yain fire down . the chird bag re over the wall . wes , to one gide of the yard , look on : wide - eye : at . winter's office - puussk 155 inter and peretz look down in amazement - colonel winter take they out . lo. peretz ( raise radio ) go lethal ? colonel winter on not yet : ( off peretz 's look ) when we do , any man we have down there will be kill . ut . peretz ( into radio ) take out the launch crew . colonel winter ( mutter ) show you hand , General . show you hand . 156 ext . the yard - pusk in the tower the funnel crew . the gunman start fire at one funnel crewman ig hit drop , : another inmate ru man be hustle over ag where doc qo wait in the arm with a rubber pullet ; shes in , take he place - ainst the wall , by the the injure with he medical team . truck gate . from the funnel team - they aim Ziploc fly two of the tower catch another four all hit the gun tower . js better ~~ ire . ( cont inued ) ray . o1 - Karen Goldberg 147 148 149 150 ( 51 oldberg luz : . 02 . | tinued : 154 . 151 auman , scan the yard through he scope : do not gee : 3 until the last gecond . ; 2 Ziploc hit the wall just pelow the guntower - it burst 152 4 a sheet of flame shoot up - bo EL crews release they first galvos - one bag '' apart inf ight , leave a arc of flame . another bag ts the top of a tower , yain fire down . the third bag es over the wall '' tes , to one pide of the yard , look on , wide - eye : at. winter's office - pusk 155 inter and peretz look down in amazement - colonel winter take they out . lo. peret2 ( raise radio ) go lethal ? colonel winter on not yet . ( off peret2 's look ) when we do , yy man we have down there will be kill . lo. peretz ( into radio ) take out the aunch crew : colonel winter ( mutter ) show you hand , General . show you hand . 153 ext . the yard - pusk 156 the gunman in the tower start fire at the funnel crew - one funnel crewman be hit in the arm with @ rubber pulleti drop , i . another inmate rush in , take hig place - the injure man be hustle over against the wall , py the truck gate : where doc js wait with he medical team - another four ziploc fly from the funnel team . they aim ig better ~~ all hit the gun tower . two of the tower catch wire . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg aidberg lue . : 03 . | tinued : 354 / 153 aran , scan the yard through he scope , do not see 3 until the last second . , giploc hit the wall just pelow the guntower - it burst ja sheet of flame ghoot up - 3 other 1 , crews release they first galvos - one bag 154 gs apart in flight , eave a be of flame . another bag ts the top of a tower , yain fire down . the third bag es over che wall in . wes , to one side of the yard , jook on , wide - eye : it . winter's office ~- pusk 155 inter and peretz ook down in amazement - colonel winter take they out . lo. peretz ( vaise radio ) go lethal ? colonel winter not yet : ~~ ( off peretz 's look ) when we do , any man we have down there will be kill . : lo. pbretz ' ( into yadio ) take out the launch crew - colonel winter ( mutter ) show you hand , General . show you hand . ext . the yard - usk 156 the gunman in the tower start fire at the funnel crew . one funnel crewman be hit in the arm with a rubber pullet ; drop , : another inmate rush in , take he place - the injure man be hustle over against the wall , py the truck gate : where poc be wait with he medical team . another four Ziploc fly from the funnel team . they aim be better ~~ ali hit the gun tower . two of the tower catch wrtire . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg ' idberg 175 176 178 109 . continued : 174 general irwin ( ro trebuchet team ) Left turn ! thirty degree ! puffy and enriquez swing the trebuchet leave . metal door on the side of the administration Building clang open . int . shower - dusk 175 ginx and the other inmate have bashed a two - foot hole in the shower wall . oinx climb into the hole . another inmate hand he a flashlight . jinx drop down out of sight . int . 3rd tier - pusk 176 a pail over @ fire be white hot . a inmate use a wooden handle to grab the pail handle . he head out . he 's join py three other guy with white - hot pail . they hurry for the stair . ext . the yard - dusk 177 the cannon , turbine whirring , come roll out of the pdministration Building , flanke by forty guard with shield , the cannon operator in the control seat , turn the wheel . general irwin ( to the trebuchet crew ) right turn ! dbouble time ! duffy and enriquez start pivote the catapult . the inmate guard the trebuchet form four wall between the cannon and the trebuchet . the cannon operator take aim , pull the trigger . the blast of pressurize water hit the first wall of man . they angle they shield back , let the water ramp up off they . int . winter's office - puUsK 178 " colonel winter they foot , goddamn it ! go for they foot ! peretz click on he radio- Karen Goldberg 109 . '' 474 .74 continued : a 175 176 178 general irwin ( to crebuchet team ) Left turn ! thirty degree ! puffy and enriquez swing the trebuchet leave . metal door on the side of the administration Building clang open . int . shower - dusk 175 ginx and the other inmate have bashed @ two - foot hole in the shower wall . jinx climb into the hole . another inmate hand he a flashlight . jinx drop down out of sight . int . 3rd tier - dusk 176 a pail over 4 fire be white hot . a inmate use & wooden handle to grab the pail fhandle . he head out . he 's join py three other guy with white - hot pail . they hurry for the stair . ext . the yard - dusk 477 the cannon , rbi 1 , come roll out of the pdministration Building , flanke by forty guard with shield , the cannon operator in the control seat , turn the wheel . general irw in ( to the trebuchet crew ) right turn ! double time ! puffy and enriquez start pivote the catapult . the inmate guard the trebuchet form four wall between the cannon and the txrebuchet . the cannon operator take aim , pull the trigger . the blast of pressurize water hit the first wall of man . they angle they shield pack , let the water ramp up off they . int . winter 's S office - dusk 178 " colonel winter they foot , goddamn it ! go , for they foot ! peretz click on he radio . Karen Goldberg 74 o~ 175 176 , 177 178 109 . continued : 174 general irwin ( to trebuchet team ) Left turn ! thirty degree ! puffy and enriquez swing the trebuchet leave . metal door on the side of the administration Building clang open . int . shower - dusk 175 ginx and the other inmate have bashed a two - foot hole in the shower wall . jinx climb into the hole . another inmate hand he a flashlight - ginx drop down out of sight . int . 3rd tier - dusk 176 a pail over 4 fire be white hot . a inmate use 4 wooden handle to grab the pail handle . he head out . he 's join py three other guy with white - hot pail . they hurry for the stair . ext . the yard - dusk 177 i i , come roll out of the administration Building , flanke by forty guard with shield , the cannon operator in the control seat , turn the wheel . general irwin ( to the trebuchet crew ) right turn ! double time ! duffy and enriquez start pivote the catapult . the inmate guard the trebuchet form four wall between the cannon and the trebuchet . the cannon operator take aim , pull the trigger - the blast of pressurize water hit the first wall of man . they angle they shield pack , let the water ramp up off they . int . winter's office - pusK 178 " colonel winter they foot , goddamn it ! go , for they foot ! peretz click on he radio . Karen Goldberg direct the wat man br ater be . the - nmate : at be n hig it en g 6 th het . get 192 193 195 113 . continued : : 192 colonel winter gouth wall ! now ! ext . the yard - dusk 193 beaupre and he man be halfway up the wall . crack ! tucker be hit , fall . crack ! wittbrodt be hit in the leg , keep climb . he 's jit in the neck , keep climb . he 's hit in a arm . he hold on with the other . he 's hit four more time and he drop . darnell reach the top - he dash to beaupre , grab he and pull he over the top as a hail of dpullet come in . they drop down behind the parapet , out of the line of fire and crouch - run along the battlement . they get to a tower , start to climb the ladder . the gunmen aim all they fire at beaupre and darnell . the funnel crews launch another salvo of penny . the gunmen see the swarm of hot metal come and duck . int . gun tower - dusk 194 beaupre and darnell make it up into the guntower . the gunman who take the penny to the face js on the floor , whimper . beaupre grab for he rifle . the gunman try to hold onto it . beaupre kick he in the head . the guy go limp . beaupre reach for the rifle put darnell grab it first . darnell my job . darnell sight up , start shoot back at the other tower gunman . the gunmen all get down out of sight . ext . the yard - pusK 195 cheer ao up throughout the lard : - general irwin remove the casualty ! inmate act as medic run out , grab duffy and the other dead and wounded and carry they over to doc. there be a hundre men , dead and wounded , line up by the wall . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 192 193 195° 113 . continued : : 192 colonel winter South wall ! now ! ext . the yard - dusk 193 beaupre and he man be halfway up the wall . crack ! tucker be hit , fall . crack ! wittbrodt be hit in the leg , keep climb . he 's hit in the neck , keep climb . he 's hit in a arm . he hold on with the other . he 's hit four more time and he drop - darnell reach the top . he dash to beaupre , grab he and pull he over the top as a hail of bullet come in . they drop down behind the parapet , out of the line of fire and crouch - run along the pattlement . they get to a tower , start to climb the ladder . the gunmen aim all they fire at beaupre . and darnell . the funnel crews launch another salvo of penny . the gunmen see the swarm of hot metal come and duck . int . gun tower - dusk 194 beaupre and darnell make it up into the guntower . the gunman who take the penny to the face be on the floor , whimper . beaupre grab for he rifle . the gunman try to hold onto it . beaupre kick he in the head . the guy go limp . beaupre reach for the rifle but darnell grab it first . darnell my job - parnell sight up , gtart shoot back at the other tower gunman . the gunmen all get down out of sight . ext , the yard - dusk 195 : general irwin remove the casualty ! inmate act as medic run out , grab duffy and the other dead and wounded and carry they over to doc. there be a hundre men , dead and wounded , line up by the wall . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 113 . 492 continued : ' 192 4 colonel winter auste South wall ! now ! ometh 193 ext . the yard - dusk 193 two beaupre and he man be halfway up the wall . crack ! tucker be hit , fall . crack ! wittbrodt be hit in the leg , keep climb . he 's hit in the neck , keep climb . he 's hit ! in a arm . he hold on with the other . he 's hit four more time and he drop . '' i darnell reach the top - he dash to beaupre , grab he and pull he over the top as a hail of bullet come in . they drop down behind the parapet , out of the line of fire i and crouch - run along the battlement . they get to a tower , | start to climb the ladder . | the gunmen aim all they fire at beaupre and darnell . bey : for i the funnel crews launch another salvo of penny . the gunmen see the swarm of hot metal come and duck . 194 int . gun tower - dusk 194 of beaupre and darnell make it up into the guntower . the gunman idio who take the penny to the face be on the floor , whimper . beaupre grab for he rifle . the gunman try to hold onto it . beaupre kick he in the head . the guy go limp . beaupre reach for the rifle but darnell grab it first . ; darnell bs t my job . darnell sight up , start shoot back at the other tower gunman . lehre the gunmen all get down out of sight . . 195 ext . the yard - dusk 195 : . i be hr. xi - wait - general irwin remove the casualty ! inmate act as medic run out , grab duffy and the other dead and wounded and carry they over to Doc . there be a hundre men , dead and wounded , line up by the wall . | D ) ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 199 a 200 201 1 1 ~~ | 202 203 204 ao 115 . continued : 139 two hundre guard run through the truck gate . they form up quickly behind the apc . now it 's irwin and the inmate 's turn to stop . the two line be face off against each other . int . winter's office - dusk 200 colonel winter forward . ext .. the yard - dusk 201 the apc and the guard start forward . irwin watch , wait , then lift the radio to he mouth . general irwin ( into radio ) wake the dead . over by the wall , doc be hold a radio . boc ( into radio ) yes , sir ! ( to the dead and wounded ) let 's go ! eighty of the supposedly injure man get to they foot , shaking off fake bandage , grab weapon . int . winter 's office - dusk 202 Winter see the '' dead '' and '' wounded '' inmate rise . colonel winter oh , shit . ext . the yard - dusk 203 the '' dead '' and '' wounded '' attack the guard from behind while the other line of inmate attack from the front . int . winter's office - dusk 204 Winter watch grimly . lo. peretz ( into radio ) | pull back ! Karen Goldberg 205 206 207 116 . ext . the yard - dusk 205 the guard and apc try to back up to the truck gate but the inmate get there first , shutting the gate door , barring retreat . int . winter 's office - dusk 206 peretz look down , aghast , as the guard and apc be overrun . lt . peretz shall I notify the cac Command , sir ? colonel winter that will not be necessary . lt . peretz but , sir -- colonel winter Lieutenant , what be it that battle - planner have seek from the very beginning of warfare ? peretz shake he head -- I do not know and why be you ask ...? colonel winter ( cont would ) the high ground . ( beat ) it say so right here . Winter hold up a book . close on the book -- it 's irwin 's book on the evolution of battle strategy . colonel winter ( cont would ) he who hold the high ground take the day . from the distance there 's a_ soft whupwhupwhup , grow louder . colonel winter ( cont would ) and here come we high ground now . ext . the yard - dusk 207 irwin and he man hear the whupwhupwhupwhup . they turn , look up as ... a helicopter come over the wall . Karen goidberg 208 209 210 211 212 213 214 117 . int . helicopter - dusk 208 there 's a pilot and two crewmen . one man a teargas launcher and the other , a .60 mm machine gun . ext . the yard - dusk 209 tear gas canister start drop down into the yard . the guard start lay down . inmate pull bandanas out of they jumpsuit , put they over they face , pull gasmasks off the guard . the funnel crews scoop up the spew canister and launch they out of the prison . one funnel crew launch one into Winter 's office . int . winter's office - dusk 210 it hit the far wall . Winter grab it , chuck it out as he bark into the radio . colonel winter ( into radio ) kill anything that move ! int . helicopter - dusk 211 : machine gunner ( inte headset ) yes , sir ! he clamp a red ammo belt into the gun , pull the trigger . ext . the yard - dusk 212 Machine - gun bullet hammer into a funnel crew , take down half . ext . gun tower - dusk 213 darnell can not get a good shot at the machine gunner . beaupre shoot he ! . darnell I can not see he ! ext . the yard - dusk 214 pandemonium . the helicopter turn and the machine gunner open fire on another funnel crew . Men run , be cut down . Karen Goldberg 215 216 217 218 219 220 221 222 118. int . tier entry way - dusk 215 yate watch , aghast . ext . gun tower - dusk 216 darnell still can not get a line on the machine gunner . beaupre just fuck shoot ! darnell I might hit the pilot ! int . / ext . helicopter - dusk 217 the gunner fire down into the yard with impunity . he sense something , look up to see ... a twenty - pound weight , launch from the trebuchet . the gunner barely have time to react before the weight hit he , square in the chest . it carry he through the helicopter and out the other door . ext . the yard - dusk 218 the man watch the machine gunner fall eighty foot to the ground . int . / ext . helicopter - dusk 219 the pilot instinctively pull on the cyclic and the helicopter move away from the trebuchet . ext . the yard - dusk 220 irwin look over at mcclintock and ST . cyr , stand by the water cannon -- they give he a thumb up . general irwin ( into radio ) now ! int . tunnel - dusk 221 jinx drop the radio , start spin the water valve . ext . the yard - dusk 222 the helicopter back away from the trebuchet . Karen Goldberg 223 224 225 226 227 228 229 230 119 . int . / ext . helicopter - dusk 223 the crewman who launch teargas take over the machine - gun . ext . the yard - dusk 224 the water cannon shudder as high pressure water fill its system . close on the water cannon barrel -- a pole stick out , and on the end of the pole there 's a grapple hook . the helicopter be still back away from the trebuchet . int. / ext . helicopter - dusk 225 the new man at the machine - gun take aim at irwin and be about to shoot when ... ext . the yard - dusk 226 whoosh ! the water cannon fire . the pole shoot up toward the helicopter , trail 100 feet of chain . the grappling hook stab into the thin metal underbelly of the helicopter , snagging . int . / ext . helicopter - dusk 227 the pilot yank on the cyclic just as the new machine - gunner fire , he bullet miss irwin and he man . ext . the yard - dusk 228 the helicopter pull away ; the chain go taut , the other end hock to the cannon . the helicopter strain , can not get away . int . winter's office - dusk 229 this Winter be not anticipate . colonel winter get out of there ... ext . the yard - dusk 230 mcclintock , ST . cyr and EIGHT other inmate run below the hover helicopter , swinging grapple hook at the end of bedsheet rope . they let they fly . five fall short . five hook onto the skid . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 230 231 232 233 234 235 120 . continued : _ 230 mcclintock , ST . cyr and two men start climb the rope . a fifth man hold a rope , signal irwin . general irwin ( into radio ) send he out ! int . tier entry way - dusk . 231 the inmate with the radio clap diefenbaker on the shoulder . inmate go! yate watch diefenbaker take a breath and push open the door . ext . the yard - dusk 232 diefenbaker run out into the yard . he go to the free bedsheet rope and start to climb toward the helicopter . int . winter's office - dusk 233 peretz look on through binocular . colonel winter who 's that climb ? who be that ? lt . peretz diefenbaker . ( look at Winter ) he 's a pilot . Winter 's eye go wide . he click on he radio . colonel winter ( into radio ) break that chain ! now ! int . / ext .. helicopter - dusk 234 the pilot let the helicopter drop , fast . ext . the yard - dusk 235 the man on the rope be in free fall for a gecond . the helicopter then surge up and away . the man on the bedsheet rope hold on for dear life . diefenbaker almost let go , hold on . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 235 236 237 238 239 240 241 121 . continued : 235 the chain go taut , snap , the end whipping through the air . int . winter 's office - dusk 236 colonel winter {into radio ) get that man off ! do not let they board you bird ! int . / ext . helicopter - dusk 237 helicopter pilot yes , sir ! the pilot start fly sideways toward the wall . he 's go to slam the man on the rope into the wall . ext . gun tower - dusk 238 the helicopter be head toward beaupre and darnell . darnell still can not get a clear shot at the gunner . beaupre for fuck 's sake ! beaupre grab the rifle from darnell , take rough aim at the helicopter and start shoot . int . / ext . helicopter - dusk 239 bullet plug through the hull . spark fly , smoke spew . the crewman man the machine - gun be hit in the back . he spin fast , bring the machine - gun around . ext . gun tower - dusk 240 darnell and beaupre see the machine - gun swing around on they . beaupre oh , shit ... the machine - gun fire . the bullet rip the gun tower to shred , kill beaupre and darnell . int . / ext . helicopter - dusk 241 the crewman on the machine - gun , still bleed from the neck , black out . he fall forward , tumble half out of the helicopter . he keep he grip on the machine - gun , which cause it to spin and spit bullet into the cabin . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 241 242 122 . continued : 241 the pilot be hit in the head and slump to the side . the crewman lose he grip on the machine - gun and fall out of the helicopter , straight down at ... diefenbaker , climb a rope . the crewman slam into diefenbaker . they drop forty foot to the ground . ext . the yard - dusk 242 everyone stand still , stare at the pilot - less helicopter , belching smoke , make awful clunking sound , sixty foot off the ground . mcclintock , St. cyr and two other dangle beneath it . irwin look at the end of the chain , hang from the helicopter , lay on the ground . the chain be go up into the air , one link at a time . general irwin it 's rise ... {to mcclintock and other ) get down ! now ! mcclintock and the other start climb down , but the helicopter be climb faster than they can descend . irwin watch the end of the chain lift off the ground , swing back and forth under the rise helicopter . then , out of the corner of he eye , he notice ... 4a figure run across the yard . irwin turn , see ... yate , sprinting toward the helicopter . the end of the chain be twelve foot off the ground -- too high for yate to grab . _ so yate leap , plant one foot on a inmate 's hip , the other on a guy 's shoulder and spring up high . he hand grab onto the end of the chain and he swing . the helicopter start to sway back and forth as yate pendulum beneath it . yate start up the chain . the inmate hang on the rope watch he . the helicopter slip off level , start slide to one side . yate still have twenty foot to go . the helicopter drift quickly toward the wall . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 242 123 . continued : 242 yate have ten foot to go . the helicopter be fifty foot from the wall and close . yate get to the helicopter skid as ... the blade tip brush against the wall , kick off spark . yate reach into the helicopter , grab the cyclic , pull . the helicopter come away from the wall . yate get half in , bank the chopper back to the center of the yard , get it stable . clunkiclunk!clunk ! the engine stop . the helicopter drop . yate heave the pilot out of he seat , and then , seemingly against logic , push the cyclic forward . the helicopter tilt forward sharply and dive at a steep angle toward the ground . the man hang from the rope scream as they sail toward impact . irwin and everyone else watch think yate be insane . then , at the last possible moment , yate yank back on the cyclic . the helicopter blade auto-rotate , spin fast from the sudden rapid drop , briefly slow the descent . the man on the rope let go , drop ten foot , scramble clear . yate brace himself as the helicopter free-falls twenty foot and slam hard to the ground . the window explode and glass fly everywhere . yate be stunne , blood run from cut to he face . hand grab he and pull he out of the helicopter . the hand belong to ... mcclintock , St. cyr and the two other man who have be dangle beneath the helicopter -- the man whose life yate just save . they hoist yate up onto they shoulder . Men be cheer throughout the yard . yate look over , see irwin . they share a look . irwin nod he approval . yate shake he head in disbelief . { continued ) Karen Goldberg 242 243 244 245 246 247 248 249 124 , continued : ( 2 ) '' 242 irwin turn to look up at Winter . he raise the radio , click on . general irwin ( cont would ) Colonel , I have take you high ground . I have take you man . if you try you phone ... int . tunnel - dusk 243 jinx have the telephone wiring box open and be unplugge line . ext . the yard - dusk 244 general irwin .».. , you will see that I have take you communication . try you light ... int . tunnel - dusk 245 another inmate have the breaker panel open and be flipping switch . ext . the yard - dusk 246 the floodlight around the yard go out , bank by bank . the light in Colonel Winter 's office go out . general irwin ... and you will see that I have take you power . will you relinquish you command ? int . winter's office - dusk 247 by way of a answer , Winter pull he pistol , yell in inchoate rage and start shoot wildly down into the yard . ext . the yard - dusk 248 Men near irwin spook , scatter . irwin do not move . general irwin I be guess that would be " no " . int . winter's office - dusk 249 Winter 's pistol click empty . he toss it onto he desk , take a breath . he shake he head , reach into he briefcase . {continued ) Karen Goldberg 249 250 251 125 . continued : 249 colonel winter taken we phone ... have he never hear of cell phone ? Winter pull out a cell , dial , turn to peretz . colonel winter ( cont would ) send the signal to the gate crew . ext . the yard - dusk 250 dellwo let 's just take the fucker now ! general irwin he have he best man and weapon in there . if we try to go in it would be a shoot gallery . cyrus what 's Winter go to do now ? general irwin right now I suspect he 's call General wheeler on he cell phone . dellwo cell phone ?! shit ! then why would we go to all that trouble take out the phone ? general irwin to disrupt the communication inside . remember , dell -- we need he to let the outside world know what 's go on . a.murmur go through the crowd . people look up at the roof . cutbush hey . look . irwin and the other look up . on the roof of the administration build , peretz fire a flare into the sky . int . mess hall - dusk 251 injured man be laid out on the table across the mess hall . over in ome corner , several be laid out on the floor , under sheet . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 126 . 251 continued : '' 252 irwin be on one knee , look under a sheet , at duffy . he lay the sheet down , stand , walk off . he say a few word to doc and the man he pass on the table , thanking they , shaking they hand . yate be sit on a table by the door , get he facial cut tape up . general irwin oh , dear God , not you face . yate look up , see irwin , smirk . general irwin ( cont would ) how be you leg ? yate they work . general irwin then walk with I . 252 ext . the yard - dusk 252 darkness be come . the inmate be camp out . a dozen campfire be already burn . yate and irwin walk . general irwin why do you do it ? yate a momentary lapse in judgement . general irwin some of the man be call you a hero . yate they be idiot . the average iq in this place be right around housecat . general irwin you could pull extra time for get involved . ( yate shrug ) what 's you wife go to say ? yate '' yippee ! '' ( more ) ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 252 253 127 . continued : " 252 yate ( cont would ) ( off irwin 's look ) she 's not go to be my wife for much longer . ( beat ) we start out well . when I get promote to captain , she salute I all the time . I have come out of the crapper and there she would be , with a real sharp salute . she be very funny . but it be not just a joke . she be really proud of I . ( beat ) when the thing happen in Canada , she be pretty piss . smuggle the mushroom do not bother she that much -- she just think that be stupid . it be cooperate with jag to get a short bit . she think that be ... dishonorable . and she be right . they walk on in silence for a moment . Cyrus hurry up . cyrus General , they be here . ext . the yard - dusk 253 a rope ladder lead to the top of the wall . Cyrus , irwin and yate climb up . dellwo be wait . dellwo they start arrive a few minute ago . irwin and yate lock out to see ... hundred of vehicle out beyond the perimeter fence -- tank , apc , troop truck , humvee . a dozen helicopter be landing , take off , hover . irwin notice something out of the corner of he eye . peretz be on the roof , by the flagpole , fold up the flag . he lock back at irwin , then head for the stair with the flag . dellwo ( cont would ) now what ? ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 253 254 255 128 . continued : " 253 general irwin we will give General wheeler a few minute to get settle , then we will give he a call . ext . beyond perimeter fence - battalion cp - night 254 wheeler be look at the prison through binocular . a corporal trot up with a cell phone . corporal Sir , we get a call patch through from cac hq . it 's he . it 's irwin . wheeler take the phone , motion the corporal to leave . lt . gen . wheeler {into phone ) well , Lee , I see you have be busy . int . the tier - ground floor - by phone - crosscut 255 irwin be on the payphone . above he we see the cell of the tier fill with guard . inmate patrol . general irwin you say I should take up a hobby . lt . gen . wheeler I be think more along the line of woodwork . general irwin have you speak to Colonel Winter yet ? lt . gen . wheeler yes . general irwin I be sure he tell you we be plan amass escape or some such nonsense . . lo. gen . wheeler something like that . general irwin you know why we do this . he have to go , Jim . he can not stay . lt . gen . wheeler you will not get any argument from I . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 255 continued : 129 . 255 general irwin we do not need any public announcement -- we do not want to embarrass anyone . all I need be you word that he 's go -- soon . lt . gen , wheeler how would first light be ? general irwin that would be fine . ( beat ) the only other thing I need be a write guarantee that the man involved will not receive any additional time . lt . gen . wheeler that 's a bit stickier , Lee . general irwin it 's not negotiable . lt . gen . wheeler look , I be not comfortable do this over the phone . how about you come out here with some proposal and we will hash they out . general irwin how stupid do you think I be ? lt . gen . wheeler a man 's get to try . ( beat ) how about someone else ? there 's gotta be someone you would trust -- someone who could make sure I do not try to slip one by you . irwin look over he man , eye settling on yate . yate ( v.0 . ) I ? 256 ext . the yard - night 256 irwin and yate be off by themselves . yate be piss . yate what about Cyrus ? he 's a helluva lot smarter than I be . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 130 . 256 continued : " 256 257 258 259 260 261 general irwin he never study to be a lawyer . yate oh , Christ , be that it ? I be go to have to carry that burden for the rest of my life ? irwin nod . yate sigh , shake he head . binocular Pov of yate and irwin . int . winter's office - night 257 Winter be watch yate and irwin through the binocular . colonel winter yate . how ... appropriate . ext . the yard - night 258 most of the inmate be asleep . the few that be awake salute irwin and yate as they walk through . as they reach the truck gate , irwin nod to cutbush and thumper . they pull the huge door open a crack . yate head for the open . general irwin do not make any sudden move out there . ( yate stop ) some of the best sharpshooter in the world be go to have a " x " on you forehead and they have be drink a lot of coffee . yate give he a look , then step out between the door . ext . outside the usdb - truck gate - night 259 the massive door shut behind yate . he start forward down the road , toward the fence gate , alone . ext . perimeter fence gate - night 260 yate approach the gate , hand up . four sentries appear out of the shadow . two frisk he while the other two level they weapon at he chest . ext . beyond perimeter fence - battalion cp - night - 261 wheeler be look at schematics of the usdb . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 261 131 . continued : 261 corporal ( o.s. ) General , sir . Mr. yate . wheeler look up , let the plan roll up as yate be bring forward . lt . gen . wheeler ah , Mr. yate . Jim wheeler . he extend a hand . yate shake it . lt . gen . wheeler ( cont would ) can I get you anything ? coffee , soda ? something to eat ? yate no , thank you . lt . gen . wheeler how 's Lee irwin hold up ? yate very well . lt . gen . wheeler of course he be . he 's a hardy son of bitch . yate nod . silence . lt . gen . wheeler ( cont would ) to business then . have a seat . yate sit . wheeler sit across from he . lt . gen . wheeler ( cont would ) let 's see what you have get . yate pull out he typewritten sheet , hand it to wheeler . wheeler read it quickly , nod . : lo. gen . wheeler ( cont would ) reasonable . very reasonable . this could serve as a good basis for negotiation . as it happen , however ... ( crumple up sheet ) ... there will be no negotiation . wheeler toss the ball - up paper . yate start to realize ... ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 261 continued : 132 . ( 2 ) 261 lt . gen . wheeler ( cont would ) if you do what I ask , the remainder of you sentence will be suspend effective immediately and you will be go home later this morning . and that man in there will not get more than three month add to they sentence . most of they will not get any extra time at all . yate oh , come on ... lt . gen . wheeler if you do not do what I ask , you be personally go to get a additional five year . ( let that sink in ) and every man in there who have not be sit in he cell all day be go to get another two tack on , minimum . and that will be the lucky one . ( off yate 's look ) if you do not do what I ask , we will have to retake this facility by force . hundred more man could die . yate we have get hostage in there -- lt . gen . wheeler no , you do not . every man who accept duty at usdb know the score . we do not negotiate for the release of hostage . ( beat ) we will retake the Castle . Colonel Winter will remain in command . we will not be dictate to by prisoner . ever . yate what do you want I to do ? lt . gen . wheeler first , I just want you to take a moment to think about what I have say . and while you be think , there 's someone I want you to talk to . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 261 133 . continued : ( 3 ) 261 wheeler nod to a corporal . yate be puzzle . his puzzlement grow as the corporal return , escort a woman into the light . it 's jill , yate 's wife . lt . gen . wheeler ( cont would ) Excuse I . wheeler and the corporal walk off , leave yate and Jill alone . they just look at each other for a moment . yate what be you do here ? jill I be drive by , see the light ... what do you think I be do here ? they wake I up about thirty minute ago , say there be trouble . yate I can not fuck believe it . jill do you take over the prison ? yate not I personally . jill you _t 2 ison ? yate do they say why they want you here ? jill no . they just say you be in trouble . yate they get that right . jill what 's go on , Richard ? why be I here ? yate they want I to do something . and they figure see you will convince I to go along . ( more ) ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 134 . 261 continued : ( 4 ) 261 yate ( cont would ) ( look at she ) if I do what they want , I get out this morning . jill ( excited ) you be serious ? this morning ? yate you care ? jill do not make I hit you . just because you have be a asshole every time I have come out to see you do not mean I do not still love you . they look at each other for a long beat . yate shake he head , turn away . jill ( cont would ) what happen if you do not help they ? yate I get another five year . jill oh , god. yate not just I . everyone will get more time . and some man will die . jill what do they want you to do ? yate ( beat ) I do not know . ( look back at Castle ) God , I wish he have pick someone else . 262 ext . outside the usdb - truck gate - night 262 yate walk back through the fence gate , look numb . 263 ext . the yard - by the truck gate - night 263 the door be open a crack . yate slip through . the door be shut behind he . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 263 264 135 . continued : " 263 general irwin well ? Close on yate . he think ... nod . yate all set . dellwo , Doc , Cyrus , enriquez , thumper , cutbush cheer . clap each other on the back , embrace . enriquez wanna tell the man ? general irwin let they sleep . yate one thing : wheeler want I and you to wait with Winter on the roof of the administration Building at first light . a chopper 's gonna remove he . dellwo a chopper ?! no way ! he be not fly outta here ! he 's gotta walk out ! right through the middle of everyone yell at he ! cyrus or , better yet , say nothing at all . dellwo ooh , yeah . that have be cool . yate ( firm ) he 's go out on a chopper . everyone quiet . irwin think , look around , nod -- let 's do it . ext . the yard - by administration build - pre -dawn 264 irwin , yate , dellwo , Cyrus and enriquez move through the sleep man . some be awake , start fire . they nod to irwin , salute . yate be do he best to hide he torment . dellwo pat he shoulder . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 264 265 266 267 136 . continued : '' 264 dellwo glad to have you with we , Pilot . some folk think once you get beyond the fence you be not come back . yate force a grin , but he 's die inside . they reach the door to the administration Building . peretz open the door from the inside . irwin and yate step inside . the door shut behind they . int . winter's office - pre -dawn 265 the office have be thrash -- by trebuchet , fire and water . Winter stand by the shattered window , look down at the man in the yard and out to the brighten eastern sky . he 's hold the fold flag in he hand . peretz enter . lt . peretz Colonel , they be here . Winter nod , take a last look out the window , set the flag down on he desk and start across the room . int . winter's office - outer office - pre - dawn 266 irwin and yate be wait as Winter come out of he office with peretz . Winter do not even look at irwin . he head through a door to a stairwell . int . stair to roof - pre-dawn 267 Winter and peretz lead yate and irwin up the stair . yate be in hell . Winter be the first to reach the top of the stair . he hit the pushbar and go out onto the roof . peretz be right behind he . as soon as peretz go through the door , yate grab the pushbar and yank it back , shutting the door . . lo. peretz ( 0.8 . ) hey ! what be you deing ? they can hear peretz pull at the door , but it 's lock from the inside . general irwin good question , what be you do ? ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 137 . 267 continued : 267 yate wheeler 's not gonna take Winter out of here -- he 's gonna take you . general irwin ( beat ) I know . yate what ? what do you mean you know ? irwin say nothing . yate ( cont would ) ( get a weird feel ) you plan it ? general irwin ( beat , smile sympathetically ) I be sorry . yate ( realize ) oh , my God . of course . you know wheeler would not negotiate . you know he have want to take you out and you want it to go this way , instead of by force . that 's why you pick I to be the messenger . you know wheeler would make I a offer . if you would pick Cyrus ... Cyrus would have tell wheeler to go fuck himself . but I ? you know I would go along . do not you . general irwin ( beat ) the think have occur to I . yate fuck ! . general irwin what do not occur to I be that you might not go through with it . yate sorry to disappoint you . general irwin disappoint I ? { continued ) Karen Goldberg 138 . 267 continued : ( 2 ) 267 irwin shake he head . he and yate share a look . yate then Winter be go to stay . general irwin look like it . yate which mean we lose . irwin do not say anything , think . yate ( cont would ) then why do we fight ? general irwin you do not only fight when you know you be go to win . irwin move to the door . yate stop he . general irwin ( cont would ) Captain , if I do not get out there in thirty second , they will take this facility by force and many of we good friend will die . yate there 's get to be another way . irwin look at he , say nothing . yate ( cont would ) come on ! that 's what you be good at ! figure shit like this out ! irwin still say nothing . yate sigh , let he go . as irwin walk up the last few step , sunlight shoot out through the crack at the bottom of the door . irwin stop . yate ( cont would ) what ? general irwin do wheeler say where I would be take ? yate some medical facility at Fort Hood ... ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 267 268 139 . continued : ( 3 ) 267 general irwin the Fort Hood Army psychiatric Hospital . Standard operate procedure for someone like I . ( off yate 's look ) one of we army 's nastier little secret . if they have get a whistleblower or a troublemaker they do not want to discharge , they send they to Hood , let they pad the hall in paper shoe , do the thorazine shuffle . ( beat ) that be the worst part in hanoi -- the month I be drugge . worse than the torture . the torture be ... hell . but at least you know what it be . the drug be ... limbo . limbo be worse . for I at least . I can not do that again . yate good ! then do not ! think of something ! irwin think . a think come to he . he get a wistful look . yate ( cont would ) what ? general irwin I ... I be go to need you help . ext . administration build roof - dawn 268 peretz be watch the door . Winter be on he cell phone , pace . colonel winter I do not know . he just -- Winter and peretz hear the click of the roof door 's lock . they share a look . colonel winter ( cont would ) ( into phone ) one moment , General . Winter nod to peretz . peretz start toward the door , pull he baton . Winter put a hand on he revolver . Karen Goldberg 269 270 271 272 140 . int . winter 's office - dawn 269 irwin run into Winter 's office . he look through the rubble on the ground , find something in Winter 's shattered display case -- a flintlock rifle . ext . administration build roof - dawn 270 peretz grab the door handle in one hand , raise he baton in the other . Winter watch peretz , hand on he gun . he sense something out of the corner of he eye . peretz yank open the door . yate be stand just inside the door , hand raise . colonel winter Lieutenant ! peretz turn to see ... irwin climb up over the edge of the roof , flintlock in hand . peretz take a step toward irwin . yate lunge out , grab peretz and pulis he back into the stair . irwin run to the door , shut it . he jam the butt of the flintlock under the door handle and stab the barrel tip into the pebble tar of the roof . irwin turn to Winter as Winter fumble and pull he revolver from he holster . general irwin not quite how you think this be go to go , be it , Colonel ? int , stair to roof - dawn 271 peretz break free of yate 's grasp , move for the door . yate grab peretz 's leg , pull he down . ext . administration build roof - dawn 272 irwin walk away from the door . . colonel winter what be you do ? ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 272 273 274 275 276 141 . continued : irwin start unzipping the top of he jumpsuit . ext . beyond perimeter fence - battalion cp - dawn wheeler be watch through binocular . lt . gen . wheeler what the hell be you do , Lee ? ext . administration build roof - dawn . general irwin what be I do ? I be do you job , Colonel . the sun 's up . it 's time to fly the flag . irwin pull the fold flag out of he jumpsuit , head for the flagpole . int . stair to roof - dawn yate and peretz fight a fierce battle in the steep , narrow confines of the stair . peretz be the better fighter , but yate be fire up . ext . administration build roof - dawn irwin get to the flagpole , flag in hand . general irwin do you know the history of this facility ? of the fort that stand here before this stockade ? Winter give no response . irwin start carefully unfold the flag , he back to Winter . general irwin ( cont would ) a hundred and fifty year ago , one April Sunday , after the snow have melt , it be overrun by a band of sioux warrior lead by Chief Bright Eagle . the garrison commander , Captain Henry Rice , get approval from the . Chief to run the flag . what the Chief do not notice be that Rice run the flag upside down . when reinforcement arrive -- lead by a young lieutenant name George armstrong custer -- they see the invert flag -- which , as you know , ( more ) ( continued ) Karen Goldberg " 272 273 274 275 276 276 277 278 142 . continued : 276 general irwin ( cont would ) be the army 's universal sign of distress -- and hightaile it the hell out of here . int . stair to roof - dawn 277 yate and peretz be grapple . they fall off balance and tumble down the stair . ext . administration build roof - dawn 278 irwin unfold the last fold in the flag . colonel winter you be forget the rest of the story , Mr. irwin . custer come back with a division and slaughter the sioux . general irwin ( turn to Winter ) true .. but you see , in custer 's day , there be not any tv news crew out beyond the fence with they astounding long lens camera . irwin nod he head . Winter look . he Pov : Beyond wheeler and he man there be tv newsvan , cameramen stand on top . irwin turn back to the flag and flagpole . general irwin ( cont would ) I do not know if they can see you or I too clearly from there , but they will certainly be able to see the flag . especially if it 's upside - down . I guarantee you a upside - down flag at this facility would make the cover of time magazine on Monday morning . if it do , I can also guarantee you that by Tuesday nine a.m. you will be on administrative leave and never hear from again . Winter point he revolver at irwin , cock the hammer back . colonel winter let go of the flag . irwin look back at Winter and he gun . ( continued ) Karen goidberg 278 143 . continued : 278 general irwin you know , normally I have be afraid of someone point a large calibre pistol at my back . but I know you , Colonel . you never do you own kill . onod at gun ) put it down before you embarrass yourself any further . irwin turn he back on Winter . he snap the first of two hook onto the flag . Winter be shaking with rage . and it look like he might actually pull the trigger . then wham ! someone bang against the inside of the roof door . the tip of the flintlock slip a inch in the roof tar . Winter , gun still train on irwin , move to the door . colonel winter peretz ? lo. peretz ( 0.s. ) yes , sir . general irwin lucky you . Winter kick the rifle away from the door . peretz step out , bleed from the head , extremely piss - off . colonel winter Lieutenant , stop he from raise the flag if you would . peretz sneer and start toward irwin , pull he baton . suddenly yate sprint out from the stair and dive into peretz . they slam to the roof . general irwin get ready to salute , Colonel . irwin turn back to the flagpole . he snap the second clip onte the flag , he grab the line . bang ! he stumble forward . : Winter hold he revolver . smoke curl out of the barrel . there 's a spread red stain on the back of irwin 's uniform . irwin have a odd look on he face -- surprise , but relief , too , and a certain satisfaction . ( continued ) Karen Goldberg 278 279 280 281 282 144 . continued : ( 2 ) 278 he fall forward , he hand still clutching the flagpole line . the flag run up a few foot . it 's spatter with blood -- and it 's rightside - up . ext . beyond perimeter fence - battalion cp - dawn 279 wheeler have be watch through binocular . lt . gen . wheeler Jesus Christ ... ext . the yard - dawn 280 dellwo , Cyrus and the other be stunne . dellwo no ... ext . administration build roof - dawn 281 Winter stand there , jaw open . yate and peretz look at Winter in shock and horror . yate let go of peretz , get off he , go to irwin . colonel winter ( to peretz ) we ... we can say he be lung at I ... I be in danger ... peretz turn away , go to irwin . he and yate roll he over . irwin be alive , barely . a_cell phone ring . peretz look at Winter . e in . Winter do not seem to recognize that it 's he . peretz stand , stare at he . Winter snap out of it , answer the phone . colonel winter ( cont would ) yes . ext . beyond perimeter fence - battalion cp - dawn 282 wheeler be on he cell phone with Winter . lo. gen . wheeler Ed , do not touch anything . and do not move . we can see you . pull back to reveal three sniper , scope train on Winter . Karen Goldberg 145 . 283 ext . administration build roof - dawn 283 yate kneel beside irwin . ' yate this be it ? this be you great plan ? general irwin I be hope he aim would not be so good . yate smile . then tear come . yate General , I be go to tell they , you know . I do not care what you say . I be go to tell they all you save they life . general irwin on the contrary , Captain . they save mine . irwin 's eye cloud over and he 's go . yate remain kneel beside he . peretz start pull the flag to the top of the pole . Winter look down at the pistol in he hand , like he would forget it be there . he drop he arm to he side . the gun fall from he hand . he stand there , completely alone and utterly lose . when peretz get the flag halfway up , he stop , tie it off . fade to black . Karen Goldberg