the island of dr moreau by Richard stanley & Michael herr revise by walon Green base upon the novel by h.g. Wells 4/26/94 fade in : ext . somewhere in new england - dusk a curtain of rain fall across the treetop descend upon the soft green hill and the patchwork farmstead . a dog come run along the crest of a hill , rejoice , bark at the rain . the dog skid to a halt , shaking itself , turn its snout outward toward the fade light . CUT to : int . the cottage - dusk a log spit on the hearth , send firelight across the untidy room and the gaunt figure of edward prendick , who sit hunch in the semi-darkness , half listen to a compact disc recording of a bluesy romantic ballad . prendick glance down at the tabletop , at the pile of notepaper and the dense , crabbe handwrite that cover they , at the repeat sketches and doodle represent what we will come to recognize as the emblem of the Tree of life ; at the empty coffee cup , the overflow ashtray and the dismember piece of the 38 pistol that lie before he . he touch a button on a remote control and the sing stop . he next touch the button on a tape recorder which whirr to life . as prendick speak as he reach down and begin to assemble the gun , he eye unreadable , he lid red and bruise from lack of sleep , a week 's growth of stubble on he waxy cheek . his movement be slow and deliberate . prendick in a spirit of complete honesty , I want to say right from the start that I think we have make some really incredible mistake about god. we tell ourselves that he 's all - powerful , when we really should be question his competence . believe I , I be not ask for miracle . a little adult leadership would do . prendick brushes aside the papers on he desk and grope around impatiently for a box of cartridge . prendick as for God 's love , all I know for certain be that he love we suffer . and as for his power ... well , maybe he can do whatever he want with we , but there 's one thing I be pretty certain he can not do . when he 's sick of exist , he can not end it . only we can do that ... prendick open the box and begin to load the revolver ; six cartridge . then he stop , laugh , shake he head , and empty out all but one cartridge . prendick my name 's Edward prendick . until about ten year ago I be a lawyer , specialize in what be mis-name human rights . in August of 2007 , I be travel as special envoy for the United Nations as a part of the effort to stop the bloody civil war in micronesia . that 's where it begin . this be where it will end . prendick raise the revolver and almost touch it to he lip , savore the moment of he obliteration . thunder crash on the soundtrack . CUT to : ext . the south pacific - day we be fly . soaring above tropical raincloud , mist stretch away beneath we , illuminate from within by pulsing vein of lightning . the canopy of cloud part , give way to a limitless vista of open sea , a horizon so vast that one can almost see the curve of the earth . prendick ( v.o. ) we plane go down in a magnetic storm just above the equator at roughly 1655 longitude . we see a yellow dot in the distance now , a tiny life raft adrift in a world of water . there be three men aboard , two of they wear the uniform of the United Nations peacekeeping force and the third , prendick , dress in the remain of a bedraggle threepiece suit , a life jacket around he neck . the two soldier , one Nordic , the other vaguely Hispanic , be lock in a violent struggle while prendick try ineffectually to separate they . prendick ( v.o. ) we would be adrift four day when the fever hit we . soldier 1 ( Hispanic ) stay away from I ! prendick leave he . soldier 2 he can not last . his water can save we . prendick leave he ! we can make it through this . they will find we ! soldier 2 do not reply ; instead he make a lunge for he comrade 's throat . prendick try to grab the soldier 's leg but the dinghy roll heavily and he lose he grip . the soldier administer a savage kick to he head and he go down , one hand raise to protect he face , the other reach for the flare gun . the second soldier have he hand around the first soldier 's throat and the two of they grapple desperately , lock in a death grip . prendick raise the flare gun , levelling it at soldier 2 's head , he hand shaking . prendick let he go , you son of a bitch ! the man release he companion who crumple to the floor of the raft , retching and gasp for breath . he turn slowly to face prendick , stare with sun -glaze eye down the waver barrel of the flare gun . soldier 2 you be some fuck lawyer . do not ' you know the first law of nature be survival . prendick we be not animal ! the soldier eye prendick up and down , afraid to call he bluff . then , with a yell , the soldier 1 spring at he , a survival knife glint in he hand . prendick no ! soldier 1 cabron ! both man be scream now , soldier 2 be drive back as he former comrade drive he blade into he , blood go everywhere . the soldier pull away , stare in disbelief at he wound . he try to get to he foot but the first soldier plunge the knife into he again . he double up , emit a grunt , he hand grasp now at he assailant . the dinghy pitch heavily to one side and the wounded soldier go overboard , drag he comrade with he . he sink like a stone but he murderer struggle for a moment , break free of he grip and try to stay afloat as prendick reach out to he . then there be a white flash in the water and he be drag under with barely a yell , the life raft shiver as the creature of the deep brush against its underside , jostling each other as they feed . prendick collapse to the floor of the dinghy with a groan . he lie stare at the sky for a moment , alone now with the open sea . slowly he begin to laugh , he laughter grow gradually louder and more uncontrollable . he raise the gun and squeezing the trigger send a white magnesium flare arcing up into the vault of the sky . dissolve to : the disc of the SUN a dazzle , overexpose white . the SOUND of the hiss flare . dissolve through white to : ext . the same ocean - day ( two day later ) prendick lie in the bottom of the dinghy watch the sway horizon , he eye unfocus , he face raw and blister from the relentless sun . his head sway with the rise and fall of the ocean and all the horizon seem to sway with he , the earth and the sky and the shine crack that separate they . a dark smudge appear on the far horizon . Dancing . drawing nearer . he close he eye . when he open they again he see the side of the freighter loom over he , a row of figure gather at the rail , outline shadowy against the sun . a man with a droopy Zapata moustache and sad eye , he long flaxen hair tie back in a tail , a older man , he angry , freckle face frame by red hair and lastly , stand beside they as if ina fever dream be the third man , a dark man whose eye shine feverishly . hand lift prendick . Dark , powerful hand . his head loll back and he know no more . CUT to : int . cabin - day we see a closeup of the man with the moustache , ( montgomery ) look solicitously down at prendick . prendick groan . montgomery easy now , ole ' buddy . prendick open he eye to find himself in a small untidy cabin cramme with specimen jar contain gaudy tropical orchid . a low animal snarl come from somewhere outside the cabin and prendick glance around himself uneasily . montgomery feel better ? prendick where be I ? montgomery you be okay . do not worry . prendick look nervously down at himself as if to make sure he 's all still there . Montgomery smile reassuringly . prendick who be you ? prendick prendick montgomery my name 's Montgomery . prendick what ship be this ? montgomery this shitbucket 's the ipecacuanha . sound like a drug do not it ? ( smile ) we all drop ipecacuanha and bay at the moon . be aware that he 's in the company of a real character . prendick my name 's Edward prendick . I have to get to bougainville ... I be a international lawyer on assignment for the u.n.... they will be look for I ... sit up , try to stand . Montgomery gently push he back . prendick be now aware he 's on a iv . montgomery easy , Eddie , just relax . I be still hydrate you . in two day you will be in Port moresby , you can contact you people there . prendick moresby 's we first stop ? montgomery second . they have to land I first . prendick where ? montgomery a island ... where I live . but there 's limited communication ... no one you could call from there . prendick a remote island ... ( dare a smile ) everyman 's dream . montgomery right , now it 's you turn to dream . I be gonna give you a shot . Montgomery hold up a hypodermic needle , tenderly pat prendick 's arm , and administer a shot . prendick what be it ? montgomery trust I blindly . you will like it . prendick be you a doctor ? montgomery let 's say I be a para-medic . there be another burst of feral snarling from outside and this time there be a man 's voice as well . davis GOD damn it ! shut they up ! prendick glance up at the cabin ceiling and the direction of the muffle yell . montgomery that 's a great shot I just give you , Edward . I have know people who would sell they grandmother for a shot like that , so do not piss it away . try and get some sleep . prendick relax and the cabin go blurry around the edge once more as the sleep potion begin to take effect . montgomery there you go , Eddie ... dream ... prendick 's eye wander down onto the lettering stencill on one of the pack case : ' destination : U.S. biostation , bravo rio delta via suva . ' and from somewhere on deck the cry start up again , as prendick drift slowly down into oblivion . CUT to : int . the same cabin - day ( a day later ) consciousness wash slowly back into prendick 's mind as he find himself watch a puddle of sunlight stretch slowly across the cabin ceiling . prendick sit up to see that the cabin door be stand ajar and a fresh set of clothes be laid out for he at the foot of the bed . he get slowly to he foot , rub he head catch a brief glimpse of he sun-scar face in the cabin mirror . CUT to : ext . the deck - day prendick glance about the freighter deck , blink in the sunshine , not prepare by the sound for what he see . the whole deck be litter with scrap of carrot , shred of green stuff and indescribable filth . all along the starboard bulwark be big hutch fill with rabbit and there be a solitary llama squeeze into a cage forward . a number of grisly staghound be fastened to the rail by muzzle and chain and in the center of the deck a huge black leopard sit cramped in a small iron cage . a short figure ( m'ling ) sit beside the cage . there be something particularly arrest about m'ling 's face , the slight elongation of he feature and a almost feral intensity that inform he expression . he get to he foot and start suddenly towards prendick , a curious glow of excitement in he face . prendick take a step backwards and almost bump into Montgomery who have appear from the hatchway behind he and who now push past to come between prendick and m'ling . m'ling step back as if afraid . montgomery God damn it , m'ling , what the hell 's the matter with you ? I tell you to stay forward . m'ling they ... will not have I forward ... they say I disturb the animal . montgomery come on , man , do not give I that bullshit . I tell you to fuck stay forward ! you want I to tell Dr. Moreau about this ? m'ling turn slowly and move away . Montgomery turn , glance nervously back at prendick . prendick what be this animal ? they be interrupt by a loud yelp and a volley of curse from the companionway . m'ling run pathetically back onto the deck pursue by a heavy , red-haire man in a white cap . m'ling hesitates when he see Montgomery and the red haire man catch up to he , strike he between the shoulder blade and send he sprawling into the midst of the furiously bark staghound . the red-haire man stagger onto the deck and Montgomery step towards he angrily . montgomery hey , Captain , lighten up . that man be a pay passenger . so tell you crew to keep they filthy hand off of he . davis or what ?? I do what I like on my own ship ! Davis turn away and stagger across to the rail , Montgomery follow he . montgomery you have be hassling my man there since we get on board . ( under he breath , to prendick ) most obvious case of drug psychosis I have ever see . davis drug what !? what be you talk about there ? montgomery maritime Law . this man happen to be a lawyer . davis here 's the maritime law on my ship . ( he pull out a pistol . ) I do not like freak aboard , you hippy burn-out . Montgomery turn away as Davis shout after he . davis he come to this end of the ship again and I will cut he gut out ! the animal go crazy when they smell he . prendick feel impell to step in . prendick just a minute . I be a special envoy for the United Nations ... davis you be tit on a bull so you stay out of this ... United Nations ... freeload bastard , take up space on my ship . side with he and you will sink with he . hear I ? speechless , prendick watch Davis stumble back down the companionway . when he glance around he see that both Montgomery and m'ling be watch he silently . CUT to : ext . the freighter be rail - night prendick stand beside Montgomery on the quarterdeck , stare up at the awesome canopy of star overhead . Montgomery pass he a smolder joint . montgomery try some of this . prendick wave it away . montgomery I guarantee it . I grow it myself . prendick take it out of good manners but decline to smoke it . he cast a eye over Montgomery 's crumpled outfit , the unbuttone Hawaiian shirt , bare foot , gold cross around he neck and a portion of a " Princeton flag " , tattooe on he chest . prendick I have not see many Princeton tattoo . montgomery yeah , it 's not the ivy league thing . maybe that 's why I do it . Montgomery look at he , at the joint he 's still hold . montgomery you be suppose to smoke that thing . prendick ( hand back the joint ) I remember a post game party at Harvard ... I be take suddenly drunk and I begge a radcliff senior to carve she initial on my chest ... montgomery ( brightly ) Silver spooner , right ? prendick well , I be not on a scholarship . montgomery I can always tell . when we fished you out of the water , I could smell the money on you . Old money . the best kind ! the nose know ... what do you study ? prendick I get a degree in humanity . montgomery humanity ? be not that a licence to jerk off ? prendick ( laugh ) no . I have law school for that . be you pre-med ? montgomery biology . but that be a long time ago . he return he attention to the sea . prendick listen , you know ... you save my life ... montgomery ( recoil ) I would not get choke up about it . prendick yeah , well , thanks . in any case I owe you my thanks . montgomery you do not owe I anything . you luck out . I happen to be bored that day ... look for a little action . if I would be feel differently , you would still be out there . I would have stand here and wave you bye-bye . prendick that 's bullshit . montgomery believe whatever you have get to believe . I know you liberal need you little fairy tale . the two man look awkwardly away from each other . prendick how do you happen to come out here ? montgomery you know , Eddie , I see we more like ship that pass in the night ... not asshole who meet on a plane and tell each other the story of they life . prendick ( shrug ) whatever . they lapse into awkward silence . montgomery ever get yourself in real trouble ? Montgomery give he a look of anticipation . prendick I help draft the constitution for a small African nation . there be a coup ... my staff and I be hold hostage by a warlord . they shot one of we each day ... six people . montgomery but not you . you be a survivor . prendick so far . but it 's not over . montgomery sure it be . you will be back in the States eat at rodney rocket and I will be ... prendick on you island paradise . montgomery ( smile ) paradise . that 's Moreau 's dream alright . prendick Moreau ? montgomery man I work for . he once do for I what I do for you . prendick pull you out of a lifeboat ? montgomery pull I out and ask no question . anyway it 's a boring little story and it 's not like you and I be friend . prendick we could be . montgomery would not work . prendick why 's that ? montgomery " Cause it 's plain as the nose on you face that you think I be crazy . Montgomery throw the joint into the sea and prendick turn away , he eye lighting now on the dark shape of m’ling , who be lean over the taffrail . m'ling turn towards he for a instant , he eye glow a pale luminous green in the light of the wheelhouse . dissolve to : ext . the south pacific - dawn there be a clatter of chain and a torture , hydraulic whining follow by a scarcely human clamor of shout and grunt as a cage hold a frighten black leopard be hoist skyward by a crude rig of chain and cable , spin in the air above the rise sun . CUT to : int . the cabin - dawn prendick wake from a uneasy slumber and sit up in he bunk rub he head , hearing hoarse shout and patter feet overhead . as he get to he foot there be a violent creaking SOUND and the freighter list uneasily . CUT to : ext . the deck - dawn as prendick come up the ladder , the first thing he see be the flushed sky and the rise sun over the broad back and red hair of the Captain who stand , arm upraise , while above he the black leopard spin in its cage . davis I do not give a shit ! off load all of they . now , we will have a clean ship ! prendick push past he and Davis turn with a start , stare drunkenly at he . davis hullo ... why , it 's mister ... mister ? prendick prendick . davis Mr. prawn-dick . you too . you be off my ship . prendick ( shocked ) what do you mean ? off where ? davis where do you think ? back into the sea , that 's where . plenty of room for you there ... prendick wait a minute , you can not ... davis ( roll he eye ) oh mother , here we go again . Mr. prawn-dick 's tell I what I can and can not do on my own ship . my own ship ! prendick look past Davis and see the island for the first time , the jag crest of a submerge mountain rise sheer from the ocean , its flank cover with palm tree and dense scrub , a thin streamer of smoke rise from the treetop . a large motor launch lie under the lee of the freighter and it be into this that the sailor be busy load the last of the cage animal . m'ling be already aboard the launch , help three brutish - look boatmen with the staghound while Montgomery stand on the gangway talk with a newcomer dress in slightly grey white flannel and a batter Panama hat . the man 's blaze eye stern expression and long grey hair and beard remind prendick of a prophet out of the Old Testament . davis right this way , mister ! prendick fuck you . I be not get off here . get away from I ... he look to Montgomery . montgomery ( to the captain ) take he to moresby , he will pay you . davis he can swim . montgomery look , I will pay you . davis I do not want you money ... I piss on you money . Montgomery look at Moreau who say nothing . he shout back to Davis . montgomery you will have to take he . he can not come here . prendick ( desperate ) Montgomery ! for Christ 's sake ! Montgomery , already board the launch , nod towards Moreau as if to indicate that he be powerless to intervene . montgomery Eddie , I be really sorry . prendick glance around to see that he be loosely ringed now by belligerent - look sailor . two of the sailor take he by the arm and he begin to struggle . prendick God damn it , get you hand off I ! he pull free from the sailor and hit one of they hard enough to land he on the deck . before he can go for the other one , several more be on he . the deck sailor rise and hit he in the stomach . davis adios , Mr. prawn-dick . give my regards to the u.n ... great work you people be do ... I really hold you in awe .... Davis laugh maniacally as prendick , double over , be haul , still struggle , to the gangway , but the launch be fully laden now and shove off hastily . a broaden gap of green water appear beneath prendick who push back with all he strength now , try to grab hold of the ship 's rail . stronger hand pry loose he finger and he plunge from the ship . bubbles explode around he and he go under for a moment before kick he way back to the surface , gasp at the sudden shock of the water . above he he see the steep side of the freighter , already start to come about , its engine throbbing , Davis stand at the rail still shouting unintelligible abuse at he . he turn and strike out for the island , try to distance himself from the ship 's propeller . then , with relief , he see that the launch have turn back towards he . as the launch draw nearer he be able to make out the figure of Moreau sit cramped up with the dog in the bow stare fixedly but not without kindness at he , m'ling 's face watch he intently from the stern . the launch come alongside he and the three brutish boatmen haul he awkwardly aboard where he crouch shiver , glance around uneasily at he rescuer . there be something strange about the feature of the boatmen . they seem to be of some queer , brown-skinn race , they elfin face peer out at he from beneath dirty turban , lank black hair almost like horse hair frame they bright eye . as he meet they gaze , first one and then the other turn away from he in a deferential manner . Moreau smile at he . moreau ( over the engine ) I could not let you drow , could I ? I have no idea he would really throw you in . Moreau turn away and look to the crate . look up , prendick catch Montgomery 's eye as the launch come about once more and start back towards the island . he be serious , even grim . montgomery this be not my idea . remember that . there be a soberness to Montgomery 's voice that only deepen prendick 's unease as he turn he attention towards the approach beach . prendick turn towards Moreau as if to speak , but the Doctor fix he with a look , part smile , part warning , and prendick say nothing . CUT to : ext . the island - day several local have assemble on the narrow jetty to meet the launch , some of they hopping up and down in undisguise excitement . one of the boathand throw a rope ashore and the launch cut its engine and make fast . prendick step ashore , look dazedly about himself as the boatmen begin to unload , jabber excitedly in they curious guttural voice , Montgomery and Moreau shouting the occasional command above the clamor of the staghound . the island have the immediate lush beauty of all tropical Pacific island . bird call melodically from the surround lush vegetation , give one the impression that life teem just beyond view . prendick hear the SOUND of a grumble engine and look up to see a batter military flatbe come bounce down the narrow track that connect the jetty with a fence compound on the ridge overlook the beach . at the center of the compound be a old colonial - style building and a cluster of Nissan hut paint in a manner reminiscent of either camouflage or aboriginal art . Beyond the roof of the Nissan hut prendick can see the top of a radio mast and two rusting satellite dish . the main house be surround by a wide lawn enclose by a electric fence . at the bottom of the lawn be a wooden rostrum overlook the compound gate and a flagpole from the top of which fly the emblem of the Tree of life . m'ling pass he now , bear a pack case and talk enthusiastically with one of he fellow bearer , a man with oddly doglike feature who wear a white jacket . he look again to the beach and see Moreau approach he , he expression benign but formal . moreau I regret we really have no facility for guest , but we can feed you . you look like you could use some breakfast . prendick I will not be here for long . I be overdue as it be . moreau yes , Montgomery tell I you work for the UN ... a lawyer . fascinating . I know very little of law myself . prendick once I call I be sure they will send a boat or a plane . moreau yes , unfortunately at the moment we comsat equipment be down , but we be work on it . he look absently out to sea . moreau since the ozone layer start go , we have have communication problem . something about magnetic storm ... I be a biologist , I do not really understand electronics . m'ling return now , have load he burden onto the park flatbe . he kneel beside Moreau . m'ling Father ... I be so glad to see you again . Moreau pat m'ling 's arm and then incredibly the manservant take the doctor 's hand and kiss it . moreau yes , m'ling . I be glad to see you too . m'ling Father ... I have see the strangest thing out there ... so confusing ... moreau yes , m'ling , you must tell I all about it . the doctor glance back at prendick , who be watch . to make the scene complete , in the background , a few of this strange man be hold a softball practise ; one of they bat the ball to the other , who race around clumsily try to catch it . Moreau 's eye wander across the curious islander , fix now on the man in the white coat . moreau I would better get busy . azazello , see what Mr. prendick would like for breakfast . ( glancing back at prendick ) oh , and I have to ask that you restrict yourself to the main house . it 's because of we insurance coverage . the people who fund we be afraid you might twist you ankle and sue we . prendick ( smile ) unfortunately , it 's a litigious world . moreau yes , I be sure you know all about that . we hear the crack of a bat and happy shouting . prendick be this people native to this island ? ( off Moreau 's look ) they be very unusual look . moreau yes , many area of the Pacific have very limited gene pool . Moreau move off as azazello approach prendick , await he order . azazello sair , you want breakfast ? azazello azazello the rest prendick uhm ... two egg ... some bacon ... azazello ( snicker nastily ) no bacon here . no egg . prendick then whatever there be ... some fruit ? azazello fruit and granola ? prendick Fine . grin with inappropriate good humor . azazello yaba daba doo ! turn away and follow Moreau toward the big house pass of the group who be load the flatbe now with the cage animal from the boat . Montgomery , who have be supervise the islander , break away from he work and come over to prendick . montgomery so ... you okay ? prendick yeah , and thanks once again you save my life . montgomery well that depend on how you look at it . I have watch myself if I be you . strictly eye down , know what I mean ? prendick ( shrug ) he seem nice enough . montgomery ( suddenly serious ) he 's one of the great man alive . he pause for a moment , then change tack . montgomery give I a hand with this , will you ? he crouch beside one of the crate stack near the end of the jetty and lift it . indicating another , prendick lift it and follow Montgomery a short distance from the jetty where he set he burden down in a clump of brush on the beach near some hastily construct hutch and the rusting remain of pickup truck . Montgomery open one of the crate and start remove white rabbit and put they into the hutch . montgomery they be for the black leopard . damned cat will eat better than I do . ( off prendick ) do not you see the old man 's earth shoe ? I 'ma protein freak stick with a fanatical vegetarian . prendick none of the other animal be eat ? montgomery seal you lip at the think ... Montgomery open another of the crate . several animal bolt out the open door and escape . he and prendick grab for they but they make it to the surround jungle . montgomery alright little one , " go ye forth and multiply ... bear to fuck , and they be so -o- of cute ... Montgomery return he attention to the crate . reaching in he remove the last rabbit , a large buck . the animal kick and struggle in a attempt to join the other who have fle . Montgomery kneel , let the rabbit foot touch the ground . he stroke the animal and calm it . montgomery lusting for that runaway bunny , big guy ? with a conspiratorial smile he look at prendick . montgomery think this fellow would be miss ? think Montgomery plan to release the rabbit , prendick smile , shrug . prendick who 's to know ? montgomery right , who 's to know . with a quick twist Montgomery break the rabbit neck . the animal scream and die . prendick react . montgomery ( off prendick 's look ) what , you do not like barbecue bunny ? CUT to : ext . the compound - day the flatbe inch its way back up the hill , laden down with a deadweight of cage and pack case . prendick stand on the back of the truck as they pass a area where jungle border the side of the road . among the tree he see several spectacularly beautiful tropical bird , which seem totally unafraid , only curious at he pass . as they drive beneath a low bough , a large Bank 's cockatoo dip he head in a friendly gesture , cause prendick to extend he hand , return a gesture of friendship . clear the jungle they reach the clear and pass a main gate and a pipe corral where a grey - white thoroughbre crop at grass . further on prendick be able to get a closer view of magnifiscent bright green aloe that surround the big house . as they pass close by one of the plant he can hear a low trilling SOUND emanate from its fleshy , tendrilled branch that seem to quiver in the breeze even when prendick can feel no breeze . the flatbe wind around the side of the big house and pull up in a shady courtyard . Montgomery usher prendick into the house . CUT to : int . the house - day prendick find himself in a large hall - turn -dine area , its wall line with bookshelve and specimen case . Montgomery hesitates for a moment in the doorway . montgomery stay here . and I mean , stay right here . I will not be long . ( call out ) Moreau . he leave prendick who wander the library . as he gaze wander over a series of old photo , Moreau in he thirty with a attractive woman , both hold the rein of they horse while the wind whip they hair in some wilderness set . in another Moreau embrace a conductor and first violinist beside a piano on a concert stage . while Montgomery can be hear call " Moreau " off screen , prendick examine a row of frame academic certificate hang beside a row of crucify butterfly and Da vinci anatomical sketches . one yellowing certificate be from the Nobel Committee , beneath it set against blue velvet be a medallion , the prize . somewhere in the background a song be hear from a CD player , the same love ballad hear in the open scene . prendick turn slowly , draw towards the source of the music . on the far side of the room a open doorway lead through a small , densely plant arboretum to a sun drench veranda face the sea . through it , beyond the foreground foliage , prendick glimpsis a figure move gently to the music . a beautiful young woman , barefoot and clad in a sarong , turn slowly in a puddle of sunlight . her eye be close , she only audience a bright green parrot watch from its perch at the far end of the veranda . transfix , prendick move towards she . he stop amidst the foliage of the arboretum , take by a sudden reverie . something move in the dense verdure near he head . prendick turn to see a pair of disturbingly human eye set in a wizen face , belong to a small arboreal creature about the size of a large galago or lorus that peer from the foliage . prendick 's curiosity elicit a sudden aggressive response . teeth bare , the creature threaten with a rasp growl and a terrier - like snap , cause prendick to take a quick step back . as he regains he composure he hear a young woman 's laugh . prendick turn . the dancer , a beautiful young woman , barefoot and clad in a sarong , face he from a few foot away . at he glance she smile quickly fade to something akin to fear . prendick see now that she have the same unusual tan as the islander while she high , vaguely oriental cheekbone and light green eye give she a somewhat feline cast further enhance by the slight deformation of she upper lip , as if she have have a harelip surgically correct in childhood . prendick be it some kind of pet ? he take a step towards she . like a child who have speak out of turn , she demur and back away . prendick raise he hand to show he mean no harm . prendick wait , it 's all right ... aissa who be you ? prendick I just get here . she look questioningly at he , still apprehensive . prendick this morning . I come on the boat . aissa do the doctor bring you ? prendick yes . aissa have you come from the sea ? prendick I come from New York . aissa ( brightly ) oh yes , New York ! that be another island ! prendick that 's right , it be . she look intently at prendick 's 'hands , then hold up she own hand , count she finger . aissa one ... two ... three ... four ... five ! you be a five man ! prendick look at she in bewilderment . prendick my name 's Edward prendick . aissa pren-dick . prendick pren-dick . she kneel suddenly before he and , take he hand , press it to she lip in a curious form of greeting . aissa you have small hand . it be good . he look with real interest at aissa , and at that moment there come something like a low growl from behind he . he turn to see azazello and m'ling ( who have change into white coat ) emerge from the study with he breakfast and a steaming pot of coffee on two serve trays . aissa draw away from they . azazello you breakfast , sair . prendick put it ... uh ... out here . azazello yes , sair . azazello and m'ling lay he breakfast on a nearby table while aissa keep a cautious distance . there be a unmistakable tension between she and azazello . prendick sit down and pour himself a coffee , motion for aissa to join he once m'ling and azazello have withdraw to the study . prendick please , sit down . will you have some coffee ? she shake she head , and seat herself opposite he , peer in undisguise fascination at he face and hand . aissa you hand be so beautiful . prendick be charme by this , amused , and quite turn on . prendick thanks . no one 's ever notice they before . azazello peer in at they once , furtively , from the study door . aissa do not see he , but bristle slightly , know he 's there . prendick be you from this island ? aissa my father bring I here when I be very young . prendick where be you from originally ? aissa Father say I be bear in suva . prendick will you tell I you name ? she look away shyly , raise she hand to she mouth . then m'ling call she from the study , inadvertently answer prendick 's question . m'ling ( 0.s. ) aissa ! aissa shoot prendick a swift , somewhat coquettish glance . aissa they need I now . I have to rehearse . prendick rehearse what ? aissa Alice in wonderland . I be Alice . she slip away , she movement swift yet strangely graceful , she bare foot make scarcely a sound as she pad across the verandah . prendick look after she , fascinate . exiting through the study door she almost collide with Montgomery , who glance amusedly from she to prendick , a smolder joint poise between he thumb and forefinger . montgomery well , I see we be get acquainted . ( he sigh . ) Lovely thing , little aissa . Montgomery offer the joint to prendick , who decline it . prendick I see the award ... a Nobel Prize . montgomery Moreau 's a famous name in genetics . or infamous , depend on who you listen to . prendick why infamous ? montgomery he 's a genius , so everybody who 's not a genius hate he gut ... most scientific research be totally motivate by jealousy and greed . and vanity ... do not want to forget vanity . he come out here to escape that . prendick how long have he be on this island ? montgomery eighteen year . the animal rights booby drive he to it . get so in the States you could not cage a rat without read he he rights . prendick and you ? montgomery almost ten year for I . he offer the joint to prendick . prendick no , thanks . prendick ( cautious ) listen , Montgomery ... montgomery ( not like the tone ) what ? prendick you assistant , m'ling . there 's something kind of ... his ear be strange ... they be sort of point . montgomery what ?? point ear ?? you be shitting I ... prendick so what be he , a vulcan ? montgomery no , and , I think it 's incredibly insensitive of you to bring it up . how would you like it if someone make remark about you ear ? prendick and the guy who bring my breakfast act very weird . what be it , they do not like they wage ? montgomery what be you suddenly , Amnesty International ? trust I . no one complain . Montgomery offer the joint . prendick wave it off . montgomery no ? you be miss out . back when we dabble in plant gene I create this . like everything else on this Island some serious method go into this shit . Montgomery 's expression harden noticeably and he stand now , motion for prendick to follow he . montgomery come on , man . I think it 's time I show you you room . prendick God damn it , Montgomery ... talk to I ! montgomery sssh !... dig it ... prendick join Montgomery in the study door to see m'ling and aissa sit at one end of the room , read determinedly from Lewis Carrol . aissa " and thou hast slain the jabberwock ? come to my arm , my beamish boy o frabjous day ! callooh ! callay ! " he chortle in he joy . prendick look across at aissa and they gaze meet for a instant before she return she eye to the page , read artlessly aloud , place odd stress on phrase that be never mean to be stress . aissa " twas brillig and the slithy tove do gyre and gimble on the wabe ; all mimsy be the borogrove , and the mome rath outgrabe . as she finish m'ling cross to she hold he hand like a rabbit and muster a rabbit like expression in he face . aissa ( act anxious ) oh , rabbit , it 's so hard to understand , but it seem somebody kill something . m'ling mime remove a watch from he vest . m'ling by my ear and whisker I be late , I be late . the duchess will be in such a state ... montgomery ( affectionately ) what a crew . ya gotta love ‘em . prendick linger for a instant , fix on aissa . Montgomery glance back note he expression . CUT to : int . the guest room - day Montgomery lead prendick across the hall to the open door of a small apartment , plainly but comfortably furnish . some clothes have be laid out for prendick , and there be a fill bookshelf , which prendick study for a moment . there be a low bed in the darkest corner of the room shroud in mosquito netting and a small bar window look out towards the sea . prendick bar window ... you do not trust the local ? montgomery you do not like you room ? prendick what 's the update on the comsat equipment ? montgomery not my area of expertise . at that moment a third figure appear in the doorway . a agitate - look islander dress in a surgical smock . he step waggdi Mr. Montgomery , Sir , you must come at once . the contraction have start . montgomery thank you , waggdi . I be on my way . ( to prendick ) oh Christ , here we go again . lightly out of the room , draw the door shut behind he . just before it close prendick catch a glimpse of Montgomery 's face through the narrowing crack . prendick face and prendick he turn sunlight pierce montgomery sorry about this , Eddie . start towards he but Montgomery close the door in he he hear the SOUND of a key be turn . prendick hey , Montgomery . c'mon , open the damn door . montgomery it 's for you own good . rattles the door furiously . prendick come on , Montgomery . if it 's about the damned insurance I will sign a waver . shit ! to face the room , the bar window , the brilliant and the green fan of the tree beyond . suddenly , a howl of pain come from somewhere outside . prendick 's eye search the surround jungle for the source , but there be nothing . CUT to : int . the guest room - dusk ( a little later ) prendick sit on the bed , glance through a pile of dog -ear magazine that be on the table beside the bed . as he take another time , he react to the cover . a picture of Moreau surround by a tableau of helix and medallion with profile of Nobel . we see he flip through the page to the article which be headline : " Moreau , future hope ... or fear ? " prendick try to read as the howl come again follow by other . some creature in agony , perhaps closer to death than before as they build to such a exquisite expression of suffer that it be as though all the pain in the world have find a single voice . he drop the magazine and go to the window . as he look out into the crepuscular gloom of the jungle , the howl diminish and gradually stop . prendick go to the bed and lie down , releive by the return silence of the approach night . through drift mosquito netting , dissolve to : we see the follow ( prendick be p.@.v ) as though through a nightmare : prendick be alone , deep in sleep , through which he can hear the scream , now at a unbearable pitch . int . the womb - night a unborn child push through the red-vein darkness , eye still close , squeeze shut as if anguish by this transition from one world to another . in the darkness of the womb the child twist and scream . CUT to : int . the guest room - night prendick sit bolt upright on the bed . it take he only a moment to realize that the pitch of the cry have change . they no longer sound like the howling of man nor beast , but have become instead the scream of a child in pain . prendick turn and go to the door a bit unsteadily . he try it . still lock . kneel down , he examine the old style lock . in reaction to something he 's see , he reach to a hat stand beside the door and remove a wire coat hanger . quickly bend it , he poke it into the lock and work it around . a few thrust and he force the key out the other side . it clang on the hallway floor . make a hook out of one end of the hanger , he slide it under the door and draw it back with the key . the scream subside as prendick unlock the door and open it . after a beat of hesitation he exit into the empty hallway . CUT to : int . downstair hallway - pre-dawn prendick come down a stairway into the empty gloom of the house . he move along toward a large window that open off the hallway . peer out , prendick see -- ext . a kitchen courtyard - pre-dawn in the dim light of morning , azazello be cut up the skinned and gut rabbit which bear a disturbing resemblance to the fetus of prendick 's nightmare . the kitchen courtyard be a area nearly touch by the surround growth of the jungle . as azazello work he react to a animal movement in the surround brush . a vague shadowy face appear , stare at the preparation of the meat . azazello get away ! azazello pitch a stone . the face disappear and the creature retreat noisily into the brush . int . hallway - pre-dawn another scream be hear from outside the hduse and prendick move on . CUT to : ext . the compound - just before dawn prendick stand in the light doorway of the big house for a moment , realize now that the cry be come from the light complex of Nissan hut across the yard . prendick Moreau ! as he start toward the hut aissa emerge from the shadow of the porch . know he purpose , she take he arm . aissa oh no , please ! you can not ! prendick that 's a child scream ! aissa it 's forbidden to go there ! prendick what the hell be they do ? someone 's be torture . prendick start towards the source of the scream , break free of aissa , who do not dare to follow he further . behind the house , he stumble across the pile of baseball equipment ; glove , a catcher 's mask , some bat . he grab a bat and go on . aissa no prendick ! you can not go there ! it 's the House of pain ! CUT to : int . the laboratory - just before dawn prendick 's entrance be drown out by the clamoring of cage animal , go mad with fear at the sound of the scream child . he stalk slowly down a aisle between the cage , baseball bat raise , look around in the light of the naked bulb overhead , note the occupant of the cage . dog , monkey , big and small cat and in the last of the cage the black leopard , lie on its side and panting as if desperately ill . he see movement up ahead and he knuckle whiten on the handle of the bat . Beyond the cage be a laboratory area , a maze of computer console and arcane apparatus link by suspend tube and cabling to a row of glass tank and glow incubator . at the far end of the laboratory area a group of figure in stain surgical smock be ringed about a eccentric , custom - build operate table . the figure shift slightly and for a moment prendick catch a glimpse of hairy leg that might be human fastened to raise steel stirrup that have more in common with medieval torture than obstetric . then Moreau , completely absorb , watch as Montgomery draw a vinyl sheet across a body , obscure it from view . Moreau turn from the table and prendick see at last where the cry be come from . Moreau be cradling a scream mutant child in he arm . a wriggle , squalling thing , more dog than man , umbilical cord still dangle from its distend belly , eye already open and hideously aware . prendick stagger back with a groan and Moreau catch sight of he , he face grow white and terrible . prendick ( shudder ) oh , my God ! Montgomery see he . montgomery oh shit ... Montgomery start forward , try to come between prendick and Moreau . prendick take a defensive stance with the bat . prendick stay the hell away from I ! montgomery whatever you think be go on here , you be wrong . prendick you sick bastard . prendick retreat toward the exit , brandish the bat to keep they at bay . he back into a large assemblage of tube and glass retort which crash to the floor . monkey shriek and animal sound erupt from all side as prendick , totally freak , beat a retreat to the door . CUT to : ext . compound - dawn as prendick back out the door he be touch from behind by aissa who startles he . he spin and nearly swing on she with the bat . she cower . prendick reach out and take she wrist . aissa stare at he wide eye as he pull she away from the lab . CUT to : int . the laboratory - dawn Moreau place the mutant infant on a scale . he speak to Montgomery . montgomery he 's freak . you will have to talk he down . moreau ( nod ) find he . CUT to : ext . the compound - dawn prendick lead aissa to a area of tropical overgrowth near the main house . prendick listen , you have get to help I . I have to get away from here ! aissa I can not help you ! you have break the Law ! prendick I have break the law ??? what law ? aissa I do not know what to do . he 's my father ! I be afraid ... she take prendick 's hand , hold it . prendick just show I the way out of here and I will take care of you . I promise . aissa look with terrible confusion at the house . prendick aissa , there 's no time ... they will be come after I . aissa grab he hand . they break into a run . aissa stop and turn once , look back at the house with some incredible long . then she run on . Montgomery come dash out of the laboratory and try to intercept they , but prendick swing the baseball bat at he face and he duck out of the way , stumble back and fall . montgomery Eddie ! come on , do not be a asshole ! I will tell you what it 's all about . prendick keep run , follow aissa past the sing aloe towards the dark wall of the rain forest . montgomery come back ! I be warning you man , there 's some really unstable phenomenon out there . aissa lead prendick to a section of the fence where the tree have invade the compound and he see a jag gap in the wire mesh , hide from the house by luxuriant foliage . he start through the hole , pin back a loose flap of the fence with the handle of the baseball bat . CUT to : ext . the rainforest - early morning the forest be so dense that after go only a few yard the compound be already lose from prendick 's sight . aissa where can we go ? they will find we . prendick we have to get to the launch . aissa to the sea ? you will take I with you ? prendick look at she for a moment . prendick yes . aissa to New York ? prendick almost smile at she innocence . prendick yes. New York . they reach the edge of the forest now and through the tree prendick can see the dawn come up over the sparkling ocean . up ahead , the beach seem desert save for two sleep islanders who lie some way off beside the smoking ember of a campfire . prendick slow , look cautiously around he eye fix on the jetty and the launch bob at its mooring . prendick we will need fuel to make it to the shipping lane . do you know where they keep the diesel ? aissa point toward a storage shed well back from the water . aissa in that shed . prendick be about to start towards the shed when the SOUND of a tannoy come drift down the beach follow by the low growl of a diesel engine . the two sleep figure beside the camp stir now , start to they foot and come to attention . prendick shit . he draw back into the undergrowth as the flatbe come rattling down the track from the big house , Montgomery stand in the back a loud hailer in one hand . the flatbe pull up beside the jetty , disgorge a host of doglike figure carry electric cattle prod . they fan out across the beach , the rise sun at they back while Montgomery bark instruction to they through the loud hailer . montgomery the man from the Sea have break the Law ! find he for I and bring he back ! the two figure beside the campfire prostrate themselves on the sand , cry out in unison . onlooker back to the House of pain , master ! to the House of pain ! aissa tug urgently at prendick 's shoulder and he turn , follow she deeper into the forest . prendick be there anywhere we can hide ? aissa the village . the man there will know what to do . prendick who be they ? do they work for Moreau ? aissa they be good . you can trust they . still not totally convinced he can trust she , prendick follow aissa , weaving through the undergrowth as they climb the flank of a densely forest ridge . prendick glance around at the vegetation , the rustling and scurrying of myriad unseen life . they emerge from the tree onto the bank of a shallow stream and aissa freeze suddenly in fear . a naked man , he skin cover in patch of spot fur , crouch on all four beside the stream , supping up water like a animal . he sense they presence and glance up guiltily , he eye go at once to prendick . he start to he foot , wiping he mouth , and prendick see he lip be rimmed with blood . prendick take a step towards he , look he steadfastly in the eye , clutching the baseball bat with both he hand . lo-mai no ! he turn and go bound away through the undergrowth . prendick , startle , look back now to see aissa sniff the air she brow furrow , a curious far- off look in she eye . he follow she gaze , see a trail of bright crimson drop dotting the foliage . the trail lead to the body of a dead rabbit , its remain wedge in the fork of a tree . it be one of the rabbit from the beach but it have be savagely mutilate , the carcass glisten with fly . aissa glance back at prendick , she face grow solemn . aissa he 's a bad one , that man . he 's break the Law . he 's go back to the House of pain . a staghound bay from somewhere behind they and prendick glance at she uneasily . aissa dart forward once more , beckone for he to follow she . she set off swiftly through the tree , move at such a quick pace that prendick have to struggle hard to keep up with she . aissa quicker , you have to run . at length they come to a open space in the forest and aissa pause once more to let he catch up . ahead in the center of the glade surround the fungoid ruin of a huge , fall tree be three tailed figure , more like attenuate sloth walk on they hind leg than man , they naked body cover in a fine silvery fur they long neck surmounted by odd chinless face and eye like dark pool of honey . they be engage in pick some kind of fruit , pull down prickly husk from the tree and scoop out the fleshy content . prendick look questioningly at aissa . aissa the Silent one . they be the first of he child but he do not give they speech . prendick be about to return he attention to the creature in the clear when a figure in a bright Hawaiian shirt step from the surround undergrowth . assassimon you ! you ! you ! you ! the furry figure in the glade take fright and go sloping off into the tree . prendick turn to face the newcomer , a curiously simian individual with long forearm and a heavy brow overshadow bright , curious eye . assassimon you . in the boat . prendick right ... I come in the boat . assassimon you play ball with we now ? prendick glance awkwardly at the bat he 's hold . assassimon can you hit the ball ? prendick ( go with it ) sure , I bat two ninety three when I play for the card . assassimon it 's good . we need a power hitter very much to hit the long ball . ( smiling conspiratorially ) I be the pitcher . my name be assassimon . aissa he 's a five man like you ! she take prendick 's hand and hold it out so assassimon can see . assassimon count prendick 's finger carefully , hold out he own for comparison . assassimon it be very good ! we must tell kiril ! he swing around , gesture for they to follow and then go trot off , he hand hang down and he jaw thrust forward . aissa see , you be alright here . you will be safe with I . prendick turn to aissa and take she hand . CUT to : ext . the settlement - day drawing nearer , prendick see that a small village of wooden shanties and lean-to make from matte palm fan be hide amidst the volcanic boulder . several of the villager come shambling from they hovel to watch they as they enter the ravine and a group of deform , dog- like child follow jibing at they heel . the wall of the ravine shelter be a wasp 's nest of more complex mud-walled home and it be into the doorway of one of that that assassimon disappear . prendick glance around , wrinkling he nose at the pungent odor . the ground be cover with decaye fruit pulp and other refuse and the air here be thick with smoke . something brushes he leg and he start violently down to see a dim pinkish thing resembling a flay look child paw at he trousers . assassimon reappear , and aissa tug he by the arm . aissa here . this be we home now . prendick oh great . look like the hospitality suite at the bronx Zoo . she give he a uncomprehend , almost hurt look . aissa what be wrong ? prendick ( melting ) nothing . it 's fine . she lead he towards the shadowy aperture and he take a deep breath . CUT to : int . kiril be den - day prendick find himself in a semi-circular space shape like the half of a beehive . Rough vessel of lava and wood stand about the floor and one on a rough stool . in the darkest corner of the chamber sit a shapeless mass of darkness that grunt as prendick enter . kiril hey ! assassimon stand in the dim light of the doorway and hold out a split coconut to prendick as he crawl into the other corner to crouch beside aissa . the little pink sloth creature stand peer in from the aperture , and something else with a drab face and bright eye come to stare over its shoulder . kiril hey ! assassimon it be a man ! look , it be a man ! kiril shut up . kiril pull himself upright , he head brush the ceiling force he to hold he huge , bearish frame in a melancholic stoop . he peer short - sightedly down at prendick who look he in the eye in as friendly a manner as he can muster . kiril rummages in the shadow beside he bed and produce a batter portable stereo . kiril you have battery ? I need the energizer . prendick no ... I be sorry ... aissa he 's new . he come on the ship . kiril then you must learn the Law . prendick that 's really not necessary . I be a lawyer and I ... kiril ( dismissive ) that way ... kiril turn and motion towards a passageway lead deeper into the hillside . kiril through there ... go! prendick start forward with trepidation . CUT to : int . the cave - day with kiril show the way , they enter a corridor that widen and grow gradually brighter , let out into a huge , natural chamber light by a fissure open to the sky . the gallery of the cave be line with crouching figure , they eye glint in the half light , they outline make hazy by the greasy smoke rise from the ember of a fire on the floor beyond . prendick see now that the wall of the cave be cover with elaborate painting . innumerable twisted stick figure dance across the rock face , rise from four leg to two , from beast to man and encircle on the far wall a huge rendition of the Tree of life , the spiralling ladder of the d.n.a. double helice . the bear man turn now towards prendick , who stand awestruck . kiril this be the House of the Law . I be the keeper of the Way . only a few can ever enter here . kiril take down a conch shell that hang beside the entrance and , place it to he lip , blow a mighty blast , set off a murmuring that ripple throughout the cavern . a figure appear now before the paint helice , step into the shaft of light that fall from the crevice high above . a bearded figure in a stain white suit and batter Panama hat who be hold a grisly fetish staff . prendick Moreau ... he start to raise the bat , but then see that it be not the doctor after all . the suit be too filthy and the beard he now realize be make from tuft of dyed hair affix to a paint wooden mask . the mask , however , fail to disguise the two huge ram horn that curl from the side of this grotesque head . sayer of the law who be there ? kiril a five man , from the sea ! he 's come to hear the Law ! at this , a sudden clamoring of pipe and drum come from the gallery above and several of the shadowy figure close to they turn towards prendick , crowd around he , touch he hair and clothes , take he by the hand and drag he further into the chamber . a corpulent sow lady , she heavy thigh paint with grey mud , approach he , drape a garland of wild flower around he neck . she make as if to embrace he , and he recoil in revulsion , as aissa lash out at she , force she to withdraw . aissa get away from he ! he 's mine ! prendick look back at she uneasily , catch a unmistakable feral gleam in she eye . there be a lull in the clamoring and the sayer of the Law call attention by bang he fetish staff against the rock . sayer of the law not to walk on all - four ; that be the Law . prendick say nothing ; kiril nudge he firmly . kiril say it . prendick what ? kiril repeat the law . prendick ( annoyed ) not to walk on all - four . ( then , after prompt from kiril ) that be the Law . the crowd echoe he word and the ceremony begin . the sayer of the Law intone the mad litany , line by line , and the crowd repeat it , sway from side to side and beat they hand on they knee . all not to walk on all - four ; that be the Law . be we not man ? not to suck up drink ; that be the Law . be we not man ? not to eat flesh nor fish ; that be the Law . be we not man ? not to claw the bark of tree ; that be the Law . be we not man ? not to chase other man ; that be the Law . be we not man ? not to couple any which - way ; that be the Law . be we not man ? prendick be transfix by this powerful and move travesty of human ritual . he stare amaze as the crowd sway , faster and faster . there be a loud musical punctuation from the upper gallery and the chant swing to a new formula . sayer of the law the punishment of that who break the Law be terrible . none escape . all none escape . his be the House of pain . his be the Hand that make . his be the Hand that wound . his be the Hand that heal . none escape ! assassimon come forward , as if to confess to the congregation . assassimon none escape ! see , I do a wrong thing once , it be a little thing ... I jabber ... I stop talk . no one could understand I . look ! ( he hold out he hand . ) I be burn , brand here on the hand . and now I talk ! he be great ! he be good ! sayer of the law sooner or later , every one will want a thing that be bad . what you will want , we do not know . some want to follow thing that move , to watch and slink and spring , to kill and bite , bite deep and rich , suck all the warm blood ... it be bad . not to chase other man ; that be the Law . be we not man ? not to eat flesh nor fish , never ; that be the Law . be we not man ? to couple only with one ; that be the Law . the congregation be hypnotize by the ritual of this . sayer of the law some go scratch at the grave of the dead , some go fight with forehead or claw , some bite suddenly without or warning , some go snuffing at the earth , some love uncleanness , some make wild and random fornication every which - way ... it be bad . assassimon none escape ! suddenly , there the SOUND of gunfire be hear outside . a murmure start amongst that assemble and above they voice prendick hear the distant baying of staghound . assassimon he 's come ! he 's come ! there be a cacophonic clash of percussion from the upper gallery and the entire congregation start towards the door at once ina furry tumult of struggle , misshapen form , almost trample prendick underfoot . he swiftly lose sight of kiril and aissa , allow the crowd to suck he towards the door , hearing now the SOUND of the loud hailer come from somewhere outside . CUT to : ext . the settlement - day prendick burst blink into the daylight , the last straggler of the congregation still lurching past he to join the crowd that be gather at the mouth of the canyon . prendick push through they , peer over the hunch shoulder and point ear to see a nightmarish procession approach . it be lead by Moreau , canter astride the horse , he awful face shadow by the brim of he Panama hat , a bullwhip in he hand , a hunt rifle in a scabbard , the villager supplicate themselves before he , throw dust over they head and lay palm fan before the horse 's hoof as he ride into the settlement . Moreau be flanke by a retinue of dog men who carry whip as well as by m'ling , waggdi and azazello , who control the leash of the snarling staghound . Montgomery walk sullenly behind they , a gun in one hand and the loud hailer in the other . prendick turn to see that he way back through the canyon be block by more of the villager . he duck down , try to hide himself in the crowd . Beyond the hut the wall of the rainforest be tantalizingly close yet hopelessly far away . Moreau be almost parallel with he now , he eye like splinter of ice as he survey the crowd . behind he Montgomery raise the loud hailer . montgomery I know he 's in there . better give he up . I mean now ! sayer of the law evil be he who break the Law ! montgomery and you know what happen when you break the law , do not you ? you shaggy little fucker ... all ( chorus ) back to the House of pain ! back to the House of pain , master ! montgomery you get it , boy and girl ... back to the House of pain . come on now . where be he ? the villager slowly turn they snout towards prendick who try to make a run for it , dash he shoulder into one clumsy figure and fling he forward into another . the little pink sloth creature grasp at he leg and he deliver a savage blow to its face with the baseball bat . moreau stop ! hold he ! he look with incredible severity at aissa . she look imploringly back . aissa Father , please ... Moreau smile tenderly at she , then turn sharply away . hand clutch at prendick . he pitch headlong through the crowd and tackle Montgomery , both of they go down almost beneath the horse 's hoof , grapple desperately for the gun . montgomery God , Eddie , you be turn into a real pain in the ass . we just want to ... prendick strike he on the jaw and , wrestle he finger from the trigger guard , regains he foot just as the Dog Men come lope up to he , brandish they cattle prod . he raise the gun , fire a round into the air . prendick back , you fuck freak ! he fire another round and Moreau 's horse panic , rear dangerously and cause the Dog Men to scatter . prendick turn and make a break for it , sprinting across a millet patch towards the shelter of the tree , where he turn and fire another shot , while Moreau struggle to get he horse back under control . CUT to : ext . the rainforest - day prendick run full tilt through the undergrowth , the automatic clutch in one hand , the air behind he fill with threaten cry and the bay of staghound . he zig - zag through the tree , pause and change course as he hear branch cracking up ahead , then turn again as he hear Moreau and Montgomery shout from somewhere behind he and the neighing of the horse . some of the islander be roaring and scream now like beast of prey as they hurl themselves after he through the foliage , primitive cudgel clasped in they hand . as prendick force he way through the thick undergrowth of the forest , shadow figure brachiate through the tree above he . whooping , howling , gibbon - like beast men quickly overtake he and cut off he escape , menace he from the canopy above . prendick turn and fight through a tangle thicket of thorns toward a break in the tree . break from the undergrowth which tear at he clothes , he reach the edge of a narrow gully and fall headlong into the steaming water of a murky , sulphurous stream . the gun fall into the muck . the sound of the pursue dog grow louder as he get to he foot . gasp with pain as the steaming mud cling to he flesh . shove he hand into the sulfureous mud to find the gun he be force to withdraw they quickly before they be cook by the viscous , almost boil water . suddenly , a hyena - swine man break from the surround brush and , see prendick , give a loud roar . as the creature lunge into the mud prendick stumble away , bleed profusely now from a wound in he scalp . the yelping of the dog and dogmen and a chatter and a gibbering follow by the crack of a whip and voice . prendick set off again , splash ankle deep through the scalding water , cry out to himself as he run , see the blue line of the ocean now through the tree . CUT to : ext . beach - late afternoon prendick splashes across the delta and do not stop run until he be up to he knee in salt water , stare out at the set sun and the unreachable horizon . he turn westward , stumbling along the water 's edge . then , suddenly , far in front of he , he see figure emerge from the rainforest . Moreau on he horse , then Montgomery , then some of the Dog Men with they snap charge . they see he and begin advance . prendick start to turn only to see a posse of villager emerge from the tree line behind he to cut he off . he look towards the horizon once more and , have nowhere else leave , wade straight out into the water . Moreau address he from the water 's edge . aissa stand beside he , frighten and confuse . moreau Mr. prendick , please ... there 's no escape from here . his eye wander over the mass rank , over aissa and m'ling , waggdi and azazello and further up the beach assassimon , kiril and the other . prendick they be man ... but you have mutilate they , make slave of they . moreau that 's not it at all . you have get it wrong . prendick shout at the gather . prendick listen ! there 's a hundred of you , and two of they ! you have nothing to fear from they . you do not need to obey ! moreau prendick ! the islander seem puzzle , stare wonderingly at prendick . they edge closer to the tide line and Moreau crack he whip , cause they to retreat once more . prendick this man be not god ! you have the power to free yourselves . montgomery back off , man . do not start something that might end in tear . Moreau move he horse forward . when he be near prendick he indicate the rifle in its saddle scabbard . moreau Mr. prendick , this rifle be load . please , take it . prendick hesitates . moreau take the rifle and put you mind at ease . we be not the enemy . it must not appear that there 's conflict between we . cautiously , prendick move towards he and slip the rifle from the scabbard . he aim it at Moreau who nudge he horse closer . moreau ( whisper fiercely ) that be not man . do you understand I ? they're chromatic hybrid ... experiment in a humanize process . do not excite they or it could be bad for all of we . prendick they be animal ? moreau please , Mr. prendick , they be not without sensitivity . Montgomery move towards they ; prendick swing the rifle to cover they both , but he come slowly closer . montgomery Eddie , we hunt you for you own good . this island be full of ... unstable phenomenon . moreau you might not have survive the night . prendick that woman I see on the operate table ... moreau you do not see a woman . what you see be not a human . you be certainly entitle to ethical reservation about we research , but at least hear we out . montgomery c'mon Eddie , stop point that thing at my head . moreau we mean you no harm . we only intention be to get you safely on you way . prendick oh , right ... but I suppose the comsat equipment be still down . moreau yes , it be down . do you want to know the reason ? there 's be a nuclear exchange between India and Pakistan . we hear it on the short wave radio . prendick be stricken . moreau all comsat communication be restrict to military usage . prendick look away at the distant sea , try to imagine the world beyond the island . prendick a war ? moreau so far it 's only the rumble of a distant storm , but it bring a new imperative to we survival ... to the work we do . CUT to : int . laboratory - dusk Moreau gingerly lift the vinyl sheet , and prendick peer down with distaste border on revulsion at the mutilate body strapped to the operate table . the automatic be still clutch in he hand . Moreau watch he cooly . moreau you tell I , be that human ? prendick I do not know what she be . moreau actually , she 's a genetic hybrid . we call they Chimaera . prendick look uncomprehendingly at he . prendick very poetic . what do it mean ? moreau animal , engineered in the image of human . prendick I have always hear you people be desperate for grant money . but animal into human , do not you think that 's a reach ? Moreau draw the sheet over the woman 's remain again and turn away from the operate table ; prendick follow . prendick prendick moreau if I be to to succeed at improve mandkind , then what I create must have human form . prendick you will only succeed in fill tabloid headline . there 's no market for home make people . creating this thing be immoral . moreau War and death generate by the twisted law of nation ... be that the moral highground ? have no response . Moreau rub he eye wearily . moreau I can not believe I be have to explain myself like this . Montgomery tell I what you do , I hope you believe that humanity can be improve ? prendick I do not see this as improve it . moreau why not ? I have improve other live thing ... create wheat that grow in the sahara , other plant that kill and eat they own predator . everything have to start with basic , like create a new race without the evil or venality of we species . prendick this half dissect thing be sacrifice to that goal ? moreau growth must be accelerate , century of evolution compress into minute , the process take its toll on the organism . prendick and the scream ? moreau deliberate pain serve only as a training tool . it will fall away from we one day , along with it 's deprave twin , pleasure . give he a sharp look . moreau why do you doubt I , Mr. prendick , because you fail improve humanity with law ? prendick I only set out to solve a few local problem . I leave improvement on the human race to a higher authority . moreau I choose to believe that authority work through I ... push I to finish my work . Moreau stop by the pen that hold the black leopard from the boat . the animal be comatose now , its belly already hideously distend , keep alive only by nutrient feed directly into its vein by a row of drip . moreau I choose this creature for its strength to withstand the rigor of accelerate fetal growth . prendick it 's not do well . maybe you choose wrong . moreau she 's be devoure by a fetus grow at over fifty time the normal rate . her life will end to give new life . that seem cruel to you do not it ? prendick yes , it do . moreau and to I . but I have no choice . my own clock run at accelerate speed . I must finish before I be finish . ( passionately ) and I be close ... I be very close ... she 's go to I my breakthrough . I know it ... CUT to : int . laboratory - dusk . Moreau don a curious pair of goggle . he hand a pair to prendick . moreau do you know the term nanotechnology ? prendick I know enough Greek to know nano mean small . moreau very small ... it involve mechanically shifting thing on a molecular level . Moreau demonstrate the laboratory 's centerpiece , a combine laser and electron microscope , its needle thin blue beam focus minutely on a tiny slide , its glow bathing the room in a eerie bluegreen luminescence . moreau nanotechnology enable we to isolate and transfer specific gene sequence . then through artificial insemination and surrogacy we can create hybrid that would be impossible in conventional crossbreed . the beam of the laser move down into a subatomic world that be suddenly ablaze with light . rising before they be the spiralling helice of the DNA molecule , the fundamental building block of life spin in the laser 's glare . moreau my work will form the basis of a renaissance in genetic engineering that will transform the new century . CUT to : int . the lab - a monitor - night we be watch the early day of the experiment . Moreau , young now , oversee the work of a chain -smoke behaviorist . moreau I will not bore you with we early effort . basically we move through herbivore to carnivore to capitalize on the intelligence that go with predation . then , take a gorilla , I make my first " man " . the videotape cut to a shaky handheld shot of a squat , dark - skinned ape man walk on the front lawn , hold hand with Moreau . moreau everything we race have forget be be find again , here on this island as if for the very first time . that 's prima , we first real success ... we take he from the surrogate mother at birth and raise he here in the compound . Dr. conway be with I then . prendick watch now as a attractive chain -smoke woman , dr . conway , submit prima to a battery of intelligence test , flashcard , and read - readiness test . moreau by the age of five , prima could speak English at least as well as the average human child of the same age . conway be incredibly gift in communicate with he . Dr. conway hold up a draw of a suburban street . all appear normal in the picture save for the presence of a car with square wheel and a elegant- look woman who be strolling down the sidewalk with a tiger on a leash . dr . conway ( on tape ) now , prima , can you see anything wrong with this picture ? prima scratch he head . dr . conway ( on tape ) come on , prima . Big think , baby . Big think . prima extend he hand to touch the square wheel but ignore the tiger . prima ( on tape ) car ? dr . conway ( on tape ) ver-ry good ! she make a mark in she notebook , the shadow of a frown crossing she face . moreau it 's impossible , really , to gauge non-human intelligence by human standard . Moreau 's eye shine with intense feel as he watch conway on the screen . moreau conway work tirelessly with they . she be so dedicated ... inspire . Dr. conway produce another draw , a depiction of several object , a house , a chair , a tree , a flower and a hat . dr . conway ( on tape ) now , prima , which one do you go to when there 's a storm ? when it 's wet and raining ? prima ( on tape ) Tree . he touch the draw and Dr. conway shake she head . dr . conway ( on tape ) no , prima . you go to the house when it rain . prima frown and bow he head , he shoulder hunch . prima ( on tape ) damn I good . prima take one of Dr. conway 's cigarettes and light it smoking nervously as though afraid it might be take from he . moreau today the population of we island stand at more than sixty . that 's not count the creature without human speech or form . altogether I have make more than a hundred and twenty , some have to be destroy . prendick react to this word . prendick what happen to Dr. conway ? moreau Dr. conway die . the video image give way to scene of carnage , the laboratory floor awash with blood . moreau ( with difficulty ) a experiment that get out of control . a thing with a human face that move like a snake . incredibly strong , enraged by the pain of its creation ... it kill she here , then escape . we cornere it and destroy it in the northern part of the island . in the chaos other creature escape as well . regrettably , there be some hybridization beyond my control . Moreau reach for the remote control and stop the tape . moreau her death be a personal tragedy for I . I must see that it be not for nothing . prendick the people who fund you know nothing of this . moreau the Foundation for the humanity ? ... surely you know of they ? prendick ( bother ) they have sponsor UN work involve human rights ... moreau include you own ? prendick say nothing , but it 's probably true . prendick be not you ever afraid ? moreau of what ? prendick that you be go too far ... that you have already go too far . this slightly change the temperature . Moreau seem from here on to be drift away from prendick . moreau I be research . it lead this way and I follow it . that 's what good science be , Mr. prendick . it take a man way beyond fear . a feral chitter come from behind he now and Moreau glance around . on a bookshelf , a arm 's reach away , two tiny , hunchback mouse man , they body cover in a fine , brown fur , be squaring off over a mate . one of the mouse man pick up a pin and shake it at he companion , emit a threaten squeak . moreau on occasion I succeed . I bring they very close to real humanity . but unless instinct be control chemically or with pain , the animal return . but I will eventually prevail . violence will be channel into courage and duty . sexuality transmute into religious ecstasy . the potential for refinement be limitless . he seem to no longer be speak to prendick , or to anybody else . the black leopard whimper softly from somewhere deep in its trance . Moreau face prendick . he seem weary . moreau you have hear it all , Mr. prendick . I have no more secret . CUT to : ext . the compound - dusk we see a time lapse view of the enclosure as dusk shelf off into night ; the Plant people creep across the lawn , try to flee the lengthen shadow . they singing gradually die away and they draw they branch tight around themselves as the night deepen and the light come on behind they in the big house . the sound of a CNN broadcast can be hear intone World News . CNN ( 0.s. ) report have put casualty as high as six hundred thousand in what be now the third day of continuous conflict ... CUT to : int . prendick's room - dusk prendick be on he bed watch a small portable tv on the bedside table . aissa step silently into the room . apparently uninterested in the tv , she watch prendick . CNN ( 0.s. ) emergency session of the UN Security Council have bring no promise of a truce , but a increase threat that neighbor nation may join the conflict . for a on scene assessment we go to Molly Zuckerman , in Kabul ... prendick settles back on the bed and aissa 's hand reach and turn the tv off . he lie in the near darkness over prefer the sighing song of the plant and wild animal noise to the voice from the world beyond . as he gaze drift to the open door of he room , the sight of something bring a trace of smile to he face . aissa stand at the doorway , watch he in large - eye silence . prendick extend he hand . aissa pad quietly into the room and take he , gaze down at he on the bed . aissa be you sad , prendick ? prendick sad ? aissa sad about what have happen in the world you come from . prendick it seem a long way off . aissa it do not matter what happen out there . aissa smile and gently rub the back of he hand against she cheek . aissa be there some one you miss ? prendick no one special , aissa . aissa and you no longer wish to runaway ... to New York ? prendick look into she eye . prendick sit here . aissa settles on the bed , still hold prendick 's hand . aissa even if you do not run away , you will go someday and leave I . prendick ( smile ) hey , do not I make you a promise , about New York . aissa that be only to get I to help you . that be a lie . see she , feel she caress , prendick be very arouse . his gently cup she chin then gently draw she lip to a tender kiss . they lip part and prendick whisper softly . prendick that be then . this be not a lie . his lip again touch hers . they mouth open and with the slight touch of lip and tongue tip they taste each other taste . prendick sigh as he trace the strange sensual contour of she mouth . his hand barely brush the top of she sarong and it drop away revealing small , firm , perfect breast . aissa arch she back with a sudden rush of feel as prendick 's palm gently brush she erect nipple . in sudden arousal , aissa 's hand search down prendick 's body inside he shirt ; agile finger glide down he chest to find the hairy centerline of he muscular abdomen . he guide she hand further force a awareness of he desire . aissa gasp , perhaps with fear of the unknown or perhaps with instinctual long . while she kiss he , prendick 's hand settle on she buttock and he position she over he . then , slowly and gently he settles she loin to he own . aissa whimper at sensation that be both new and part of she basic desire . both she and prendick be catch up and equal in they pleasure . they movement reflect intense hunger for more of what they both be feel . think be abolish by the frantic pulse of instinct . prendick 's kiss aissa 's shoulder and neck , taste the flavor and texture of she skin , the soft curve of she musculature . then he lip find the hard bud of she nipple and the pleasure be beyond control . aissa feel a current course she body . she stretch forward , lie atop prendick with she arm extend above he head . as she release a feral cry which excite prendick 's own release , she hand clutch the bedding , she nail extend from she finger and she draw they down in catlike expression of she orgasm . they have become claw that tear long deep rent in the sheet . a figure , watch from the shadow of the hallway , turn and move away as the lover settle , exhaust , into each other arm . CUT to : int . the live room - night Moreau sit at the piano play out the gentle layer of gnossienne no - 1 , by satie . his expression be distant , wistful , lose somewhere in he own past . CUT to : int . the bedroom - night the door to the bathroom be open . prendick watch as aissa step from the shower and begin toweling herself dry . as he watch she she lick she palm and run she hand quickly through she hair in a distinctly cat- like gesture of groom . prendick 's gaze lower to the bed , to the rent tear into the bedding by she nail . prendick aissa , who be you mother ? aissa answer as she step into the room . aissa I do not know ! prendick you do not know ? aissa I do not remember she ... he take I away from she when I be bear . he say she be from fiji . for a instant she point ear be reveal , she shake she long hair down over she shoulder , cover they . she look down at he , nervously . aissa why do you ask I this ? prendick say nothing . aissa I be as human as you be ! prendick look at she , unable to eliminate the question of she origin from he mind . aissa ( deeply earnest , in tear ) prendick . I love you . be this the way a animal behave ? do animal cry ? prendick I do not know , aissa . but I be not sure it matter . he reach out to she and hold she . as she cuddle in he arm she speak . aissa he will never use I like he have use the other . if I be ever pregnant it will be by you . off prendick 's look . CUT to : ext . the verandah - night like character from a conrad novel , Montgomery and Moreau be finish drink . m'ling come out with a tray . as he take up they glass , Moreau prep a cheroot . moreau personally , I think that what go on in that village like some grotesque cartoon of the human condition . montgomery be a bit hard on they , do not you think ? moreau I would rather he have not see it . m'ling , have clear the drink , light Moreau 's cigar then shamble into the house with he tray . montgomery I would rather he would drown . there be no reason to turn the launch back . but you order it . Moreau smile at he . moreau it never hurt to have a fresh view on what one do and think . I be intrigue when you tell I what he do , I think he could bring and interesting perspective to we work . aissa move quietly from a side door of the house . she pause by the vegetation which surround the veranda and listen . montgomery he can bring we a shitload of trouble . I do not see he just go on he way and send we the occasional postcard . ais sa strain to hear they . moreau I agree , he leave the island could be problematic . montgomery his stay be a problem too . he 's knock toe with aissa . Moreau 's eyebrow go up in exaggerated surprise . moreau oh , now I know why he suddenly bother you . montgomery I would remind you , she 's you daughter . moreau yes , there 's much of I in she . but mainly because of a shortage of genetic material . I be fond of she , but that 's all , just fond . the day will come when she will be useful as a surrogate . perhaps he could b e useful too ... a fresh source of uncorrupt DNA . aissa wince as she hear this . montgomery so he be " uncorrupted DNA " ... not very subtle be we , Moreau ? moreau I be not be judgmental but I think all that drug have leave a mark on you . Montgomery stare ahead in obvious jealous rage . moreau easy now , monty . if I could have engineered she sexual preference , I would have put she in you arm . a go sound off screen . Moreau rise . moreau it 's dinner time . CUT to : int . the dine room - night Moreau sit at the head of the long table which have be laid for dinner , hold a cigar . prendick sit across from he , while Montgomery sit somewhere between they . prendick moreau we islander have be give speech , the beginning of a society , morality , law ... prendick that chant be a legal system . moreau admittedly it 's primitive but it 's a beginning . I invite you to improve on it . prendick I will leave the draft of you Bill of rights to someone else . montgomery Eddie only want to be involved here in a very selective way . sense Montgomery 's hostility . moreau I be sorry Mr. prendick decline my offer . but I can create in the laboratory a innate a respect for law . which be the first facet of a whole and healthy society . prendick a whole and healthy society . this place do not really have that look . montgomery do not worry Eddie . later we will really jazz they up ... color co-ordinate they and accesorize they , you will not be able to tell the little bugger from anybody else you would run into at the mall . ( he look toward the door ) in fact there 's a look you do not mind . Moreau and prendick turn to see aissa emerge awkwardly from the study door , follow by azazello and m'ling , who carry a steaming platter of curiously color vegetable . moreau ah , darling . please come and join we . aissa ( slightly cool ) thank you , father . aissa seat herself at the table , she eye downcast . moreau vegetable , Mr. prendick ? we own produce . we be all vegetarian here . as Moreau speak , azazello lay a silver serve dish on the table and lift the lid to reveal a ill-cook rabbit rest on a bed of herb . Moreau 's eyebrow go up . he flash a look at Montgomery . moreau Montgomery , could not this have wait ? montgomery you say I could use my discretion . moreau you indulgence be to be personal , not share . montgomery I feel generous . I think share the rabbit be a very civilized gesture , do not you Eddie ? prendick no doubt about it . actually you share one you do not know about . it be in the undergrowth at the back of the enclosure with its head tear off . moreau ( alarmed and angry ) torn off ? hear that , Montgomery . montgomery I swear . none of they see I kill . prendick pick up on the rift between they . prendick prendick just before I find the rabbit , I see a man drink from the stream . moreau suck he drink ? prendick slurp it right up . down on all four . moreau after a kill they drink . it sweeten the salt taste of blood ... montgomery well , there 's another carnivore out of the closet . so much for the Law and control of baser instinct , Moreau . moreau ( to Montgomery ) with you for a role model , I be not surprised . ( to prendick ) this man you see , would you know he again ? aissa Lo-Mai ! it be lo- mai who drank from the stream . moreau thank you , sweetheart . I think so ... well , we will have to make a example of he . aissa ( fiercely , rapidly , under she breath like a catechism ) punishment be swift and sure ! stare at she . moreau I have have my eye on Lo-Mai for awhile . he 's be sloping off with the hyena - swine and make all kind of trouble . we will call a special assembly tomorrow . Mr. prendick , identify he . I will ask you to formally . prendick forget it . leave I out of this . montgomery you be a witness , man . consider yourself subpoena . moreau ( passionately ) I be afraid I can not leave you out of it . just be here make you one of we . Moreau stub out he cigar and get to he foot . moreau if they get a taste for blood , we be finish . Moreau leave the room , exchange a covert conspiratorial look with m'ling . aissa follow . Montgomery glance at prendick , who be pick uneasily at the rabbit . montgomery how 's the rabbit ? prendick a little pink . but prendick 's eye be on azazello who be stand in the study door , lick he hand , clearly excited by this new and dangerously addictive taste . CUT to : ext . the compound - night prendick walk out onto the step of the veranda . he stare out at the distant moonlit sea . hear something , he turn and aissa approach . he smile , but she expression be dark . see she eye which have the faintest trace of glow , prendick react . aissa why do you look at I like that ? prendick nothing ... i... aissa you must not trust they ... they be bad man . prendick why do you say that ? aissa they lie . I have hear they . prendick what do they lie about ? aissa step close to he . aissa they will not let you leave , ever . they will use you . they use everyone . prendick aissa , do you know how to use the radio ? aissa m'ling know ... CUT to : int . the radio hut - night m'ling sit hunch over a two - way radio , wear a ill-fitting set of headphone and bark into the transmitter . m'ling this be biostation echo Rio Delta call on all channel . come in ? be anyone receive I ? prendick , seat beside he wait , but nothing come . aissa watch from the background . m'ling there 's nothing but static . be that way for five day . Montgomery 's voice suddenly boom from the back of the shack . montgomery unless we be jam we own radio to keep you from leave . m'ling look suddenly terrify . aissa back away and Montgomery step up to the radio set . montgomery you have get some real paranoia go , Eddie . ever think maybe there 's nothing out there anymore ... maybe we have really go and do it this time . maybe we be the only one leave . you and I and the doc. prendick and aissa . montgomery yeah , let 's include she . we will need a female entity to start it up again . ( he turn to aissa ) Post -nuclear family value be what we be after here . aissa back out the door and m'ling retreat to the shadow then out to the surround jungle . Montgomery face prendick . montgomery they be always a bit fearful . in my opinion the veggy have corrupt the old man 's seed . prendick they be both he child . montgomery all he child . since all I do be drag my big muddy boot in and out of the temple of my body , I guess he figure my DNA be not all there . prendick who be aissa 's mother ? montgomery ( smile ) give the oddity of this place it 's a amazing thing to speculate about , be not it ? Montgomery proffer a joint . prendick be so preoccupy that he take a deep drag without realize it . montgomery there you go , man . be not that better than take all this shit on the natch ? prendick turn towards the door , step out into the night he 's deeply troubled . ext . the verandah - night aissa be wait for prendick in the shadow beside the door . as he approach , she glance up at he , she eye study glisten . aissa what do he tell you ? prendick who ? aissa Montgomery . what do he say about I ? prendick nothing . aissa he tell you I be one of they , do not he ? prendick look hard at she . aissa some kind of animal . aissa make a movement that be terrifyingly cat-like , she hand fly towards prendick 's face . he grab she wrist . she calm instantly . prendick aissa , we have get to get off of this island . aissa we can steal the launch . prendick it 's three or four day to New guinea . we will need diesel and food and water . aissa I can get food . there 's diesel in the storeroom . tomorrow night there will be big screen after the play . everyone will be there . that would be the time . aissa touch the remote on a CD and the romantic ballad hear earlier begin . aissa stay with I tonight , prendick ... ( she take he hand . ) my five man . we still have time . she move closer . prendick touch she face , and she draw he gently into she embrace . aissa dance with I . nothing else matter now . and for a while they dance together in the narrow puddle of light at one end of the long verandah . the power of aissa 's close physical presence seem to overwhelm prendick 's concern ; he look into she eye with a intensity and tenderness that seem beyond he control . slowly , he surrender to it ; with one hand he gently stroke she hair , lift she head back and kiss she softly , then deeply , while beyond in the tropical night , the howling of some great , unseen beast rise now to greet the moon . CUT to : ext . the compound - day Moreau 's flag , the emblem of the Tree of life , billow against the blaze blue sky . the sound of a horn ; follow by a mount clamor of bestial voice . Moreau stand on a wooden rostrum beneath the flagpole the horn raise to he lip , prendick , Montgomery , and m'ling flanking he . waggdi , azazello and the other Dog Men be post around the base of the rostrum on crowd control duty . at the sound of the horn , the Beast folk bow on they knee and elbow and begin fling dust over they head . Montgomery , clipboard in hand , check they off one by one . montgomery sixty-two , sixty -three ... we be come up short here . moreau there be four more . prendick I do not see Lo-Mai . montgomery no big surprise there , buddy . Moreau sound the horn again and the Beast folk writhe and grovel with renew fervor . then , slinking through the main gate , come Lo-Mai and the hyena - swine follow by assassimon , dress in white linen trousers . the other animal shoot vicious glance at he . Moreau pass the horn to m'ling . moreau silence ! the Beast folk sit back on they haunch now and rest from they worshipp . moreau where be my sayer of the Law ? the horn man bow he face to the dust . moreau say the word . sayer of the law not to go on all four ; that be the Law . the kneel assembly recite the word after he sway from side to side and strike up the dust with they hand . all ( chorus ) not to go on all - four ; that be the Law . be we not man ? not to slurp up drink , that be the Law . be we not man ? not to eat flesh nor fish ; that be the Law . be we not man ? moreau stop ! silence fall at once . the Beast folk know what 's come and glance furtively at one another , a feel of dread creep over the assembly . moreau that Law have be break . sayer of the law none escape ! all ( chorus ) none escape ! moreau who be he ? Moreau crack he whip for effect as Lo-Mai and the hyena - swine glance at each other nervously . moreau who be he ? sayer of the law evil be he who break the Law ! Moreau meet Lo-Mai 's gaze , look he steadfastly in the eye . moreau whoever break the Law go back to the House of pain . all ( chorus ) back to the House of pain ! back to the House of pain , o master ! azazello ( pathetically , eagerly ) back to the House of pain ! back to the House of pain ! Moreau turn he attention to Lo-Mai once more . moreau do you hear ? the terrify leopard man spring to he foot now and leap desperately towards the rostrum , he eye aflame , a row of ivory fang flash out from beneath he curling lip . waggdi raise he cattle prod to block the leopard man 's path , but lo- mai sweep he aside , send he sprawling to the dust , yelping and clutching at he bleed snout . azazello and the hyena -swine be watch with expression of pure malice on they face . they turn to one another conspiratorially . lo- mai mount the rostrum , come face to face now with Moreau who resolutely stand he ground . Moreau look into the leopard man 's eye , and it be as if he be look into he very soul . moreau my son ... then with a snarl Lo-Mai lunge at Moreau , but azazello strike he down with he cattle prod . he cringe , try to protect himself as the Dog Men surround he . azazello pin he arm behind he back while waggdi grab he vengefully by the hair , pull he head back so that Moreau can look he in the face once more . the hyena - swine have be join by other chimaera , who be watch with threaten expression . assassimon look on with something close to pity . Lo-Mai 's eye be wide and glaze with fear . lo-mai ( imploringly ) Father ... Moreau pat Lo-Mai 's head soothingly . moreau it 's all right , my son . I forgive you for everything . with one fluid motion , Moreau draw he revolver and put it to lo- mai 's head , squeezing the trigger . there be a deafen concussion and the leopard man fall . assassimon , the hyena -swine and other Chimera recoil as if they have be shot too . for a moment , all be quiet . montgomery ( almost to himself , with bitterness ) he 's with the program now ... he 's really a believer now , man ... Moreau give he a hard look , then look to the sayer of the Law . sayer of the law the gun have speak ! it be good ! azazello hallelujah ! assassimon , the hyena -swine and the chimaera stand with they be look on with undisguise hatred now . prendick look in mount horror from azazello , who be already bend over Lo-Mai 's twitching body as if excited by the smell of he blood , to Moreau who stand over they , the smoking gun in he hand , he white suit speck with blood , he eye fill with cold fire , the voice of the chant congregation rise around he . all ( chorus ) his be the hand that wound ! his be the hand that heal ! flash ! his be the lightning his be the House of pain ! prendick stare in horror . assassimon , the hyena -swine and the other look meaningfully at each other . CUT to : ext . the compound - mid -afternoon prendick stand waist-high in a field of marijuana plant watch as the ball game get under way on the front lawn , assassimon come up to bat . beside he , azazello and Montgomery , he long hair tie back by a greasy bandana , be busy water the plant . there be a crack of wood against horsehide , follow by a spattering of applause and Montgomery glance up in time to see the monkey man reach first base . Montgomery pluck a joint from he bandana and fire it up . montgomery assassimon 's in he element . fantastic knuckleball . but then , look at he knuckle . oh shit . here come trouble . prendick follow Montgomery 's gaze , to see kiril and the hyena - swine wading towards they through the marijuana field . kiril hail , to the other with the whip . montgomery hail to you , too . there 's a third with a whip now , so you would better watch yourself . hyena - swine be he not make ? he say ... he say he be make . kiril the third with the whip , he that walk weep into the sea , have a long thin face . montgomery he have a long thin whip , and it hurt . kiril yesterday he ble and wept . hyena - swine you never bleed or weep . the master do not bleed or weep . montgomery you will fuck bleed and weep if you do not shut up ! he turn away , pass the joint to azazello . the Dog man smoke it greedily . prendick you think that 's a good idea ? montgomery I do not know . maybe I be too liberal ... prendick I do not think you know what you be do . that be a crazy fuck thing , show azazello how to skin and gut a rabbit . montgomery well , shit ... it 's not like he kill the damned thing . he get to have a few perk , too . he work hard . do not you azazello , old sock , old buddy ... you be a goddamn good old son-of - a - bitch . he scratch azazello behind the ear , call he jocular name as the Dog man fawn on he in extraordinary delight . azazello yes , yes , most certainly so , master . azazello pass the joint to the hyena-swine . kiril the Law say you must not destroy life . montgomery yeah , that 's right . you know it be . kiril none must not take another life but you ... by the water ... you . montgomery I what ? you fuzzy bastard ! kiril make the motion of break the rabbit 's neck and give a incredibly accurate imitation of its scream . there be a awkward silence as Montgomery meet kiril 's gaze , hyena - swine watch they intently . behind they the bison man step onto the pitcher 's mound . go to the plate , assassimon hold the bat unsteadily in he hand . montgomery be you judge I ? be you fuck dare to compare yourself to I ? kiril no , no ! everyone do it sometime , I turn over a rock once in a while and lap up a insect or two . montgomery insect do not really count . everybody kill they . prendick yeah . but we do not all necessarily eat they . the bison man pitch the ball at assassimon , strike he in the head with a resounding crack . bison man howzat ! there be a raucous clamoring of jeer and applause as waggdi and the sloth man pick up assassimon 's twitching body and carry he off the field . bison man how be that ? prendick turn he eye towards the middle distance where assassimon lie in the arm of the fox lady , while the sloth man dab ineffectually at he bleed head . out on the field , with the game interrupt , the bison man start to run around and around the basis , a relentless force of nature scuffing up dust in the lazy afternoon air . he look to the hyena -swine , who be watch he with a barely conceal menace . CUT to : ext . the compound - dusk prendick stare out across the compound towards the jetty and the launch that will take he to freedom ; beyond , the fiery rim of the set sun . then he see the figure of Moreau in he white suite stand at the end of the jetty , he eye turn towards the same horizon . a small posse of Beast folk crouch at a respectful distance behind he , watch in bewilderment as if incapable of understanding what hold they master 's attention . prendick be fill with sympathy , almost awe , as he watch Moreau 's lonely , terrifying courage . CUT to : ext . the jetty - dusk waggdi come lope up to Moreau and bow before he . waggdi you must come at once , master . the contraction have start . moreau thank you , waggdi . see that the entertainment begin on time . waggdi turn and lope away , happy on he errand . Moreau turn away from the set sun and , for a moment , he mask slip , the weariness in he eye show through . then he face harden and he start back towards the house . CUT to : int . the guest room - dusk aissa sit in front of the dress table mirror . she closely examine she face . she appear distress as she finger touch a small cluster of catlike whisker that have begin to grow from she cheek . she frown and pick up a heavy tweezer . in what be obviously painful she pluck they out , then daub away a spot of blood with a tissue . there come a knock at the door and she turn with a start . the door open a crack to admit waggdi 's snout . waggdi you be on in five . aissa thank you , waggdi . CUT to : ext . the compound - night a performance of " Alice " be under way before a small crowd . the sayer of the Law in he Moreau mask be shaking he rattle at azazello who crouch on he haunch before the small portable screen from the Nissan hut . aissa face azazello whose face be paint in a cheshire cat 's huge grin . prendick look on from the back of the crowd . aissa what sort of people live here ? azazello to the right life a hatter , to the leave a March hare . you can visit either if you like . they be both quite mad . aissa but I do not want to go among mad people . azazello can not be help . we be all mad here . I be mad . you be mad . there be some nervous giggle from the audience . aissa how do you know that I be mad ? azazello you must be or you would not have come . aissa look to prendick , catch he eye for a moment . he smile at she . azazello notice the interchange , and smile obscenely within the exaggerated cheshire smile . his next line carry a trace of menace . azazello this place demand madness . CUT to : int . the laboratory - night the convulse body of the black leopard be strapped to the operate table , ringed by Moreau , Montgomery , waggdi , and another of the Dog Men , all of they clad now in surgical mask and gowns . Montgomery lean over the animal , then glance up at Moreau , sweat bead he forehead . montgomery we have get to cut she , Doc . we have get no choice . Moreau nod and look to waggdi . moreau caesarean , waggdi . scalpel . waggdi hand he the blade and , bend over the stricken animal , the doctor begin the operation . CUT to : ext . the verandah - night prendick and aissa stand at one end of the lon talk in hushed voice as prendick check they bundle . aissa how be I ? prendick terrific . you be the best " Alice " I have ever see . aissa and how many alice have you see ? he hold she by the shoulder . prendick it 's time , let 's go . aissa shoulder she bundle and follow he on tiptoe through the study door . CUT to : ext . the compound - night a screen be set up for a CD rom projection system . azazello punch a keyboard and shout . azazello yaba daba doo ! the " animated " Fred flintsone appear on the screen and echoe the shout which be then excitedly repeat by the gather . as Fred react to something off screen , azazello push another key and -- a colorize clip from the film " blonde venus . ' a dance gorilla on the stage of a thirty nightclub . the audience gasp in awe as the gorilla delicately remove its head , revealing itself to be marlene Dietrich . then , before they widen eye , she strip off the rest of she gorilla suit and launch into a song call " hot voodoo . " the beast people watch , transfix . giggle with barely contain excitement , azazello punch wildly at a keyboard and — godzilla appear . to gasp and applause he begin destroy Tokyo . CUT to : int . the laboratory - night the black leopard be close to death now , a gape wound in its abdomen pin open by surgical clamp as Moreau reach inside it to retrieve its premature offspring . waggdi the incubator be ready , master . moreau alright , I be go in . he turn he attention to the large throbbing life form that be still coiled within its mother 's die shell . Moreau reach down , cut into the membrane . he have perform a hundred similar operation but even he be unprepare for what come next . there be a terrible , wet tear SOUND and something upwards from the incision , lung towards Moreau . a explode malformed , squealing thing , bifurcate , far bigger than it should be , its skinless snout open wide to reveal a double row of jag tooth . CUT to : ext . the compound - night prendick and aissa struggle with jerry can of diesel to the flatbe truck . when they have humped the last of the can , prendick go to the cab . aissa stand watch beside the open door as prendick put he beneath the dashboard of the flatbe . there be spark as he begin hot wiring the truck . there be a low growl and the flatbe rumble into life cause prendick to sit up too suddenly , bang he head on the dashboard . prendick let 's go ! suddenly , both of they freeze , hearing the sound of scream and breaking glass come from the laboratory . prendick turn towards the Nissan hut in time to see one of the Dog Men appear in its light doorway . the figure be drench in blood , its eye wide and terrify . it make as if to step towards prendick but then with a roar something red and half glimpse bring he down . the Dog man scream , hang onto the doorframe for a moment . then , with a awful rending SOUND he lose he grasp and be drag scream back into the laboratory . a instant later he scream be cut short and low , bloodcurdle snarl ripple across the courtyard . prendick get back ! aissa retreat into the safety of the big house and prendick be just start back towards the flatbe when the hunch shape of something not unlike a huge , flay cat appear in the laboratory doorway , walk on its hind leg and slowly pull itself to its full height , its talon glisten with blood . it stretch itself and prendick 's mind reel as he see that the creature seem to be actually grow in bulk before he very eye , its muscle rippling in the half light . he reach for the door of the flatbe but the chimaera see he now and launch itself at he with the speed of a express train , its nostril flaring . he catch a fleeting glimpse of a awful face , not human , not animal . prendick fling up one arm to defend himself but the chimaera fling he headlong , wafer thin talon lay open he chest and forearm . he roll over and over , he hand clasped over he head . a volley of shot be hear . then the beast be go , bound towards the main gate . prendick try to sit up and then collapse again . Moreau come run up , a rifle in he hand , he white face dew with blood . there be a loud crash of rending metal and the night be light up for a moment by a explosion of spark from the electrify fence . Moreau stop in he track and Montgomery join he , breathless and clutching a automatic in one hand . moreau it 's go through the perimeter ... waggdi ! sound the alarm ! Moreau and waggdi both make a dash for the big house while Montgomery kneel beside prendick , examine the laceration in he chest and arm . montgomery Jesus Christ , Eddie , that thing be loose ... it 's unbelievably strong ... prendick ( groan ) yeah , tell I about it ... montgomery let I see that ... oh Jesus ... you gotta get some disinfectant on this ... aissa ! aissa , who be cower in the doorway of the big house , snap to attention . montgomery get the first aid kit ! fast ! aissa duck back into the house and prendick grimace , close he eye . prendick ah fuck ... I feel like I be on fire ... montgomery just hold on , buddy . prendick grind he tooth together as aissa run to he , carry the first - Aid kit . Montgomery swab he wound with antiseptic . aissa hold still . aissa press she hand against prendick 's forehead . there be a clatter of hoove and Moreau go riding past on he white horse , hunt rifle sling over one shoulder , a pack of barking Dog Men brandish cattle prod follow at he heel . he see Montgomery attend to prendick . moreau never mind he ! leave he ! Montgomery start up , abandon prendick for a moment . montgomery wait ! I will come ! it 's too dangerous ! Moreau glance back at he and there be something in he face , white as a death 's head in the moonlight , that cause Montgomery to fall silent . Moreau turn away , the Dog Men spurring he horse towards the main gate , run at he heel , in dismay . Montgomery stare after he CUT to : int . the guest room - night Montgomery and aissa lower prendick onto the bed . he be naked now , sweat stand out on he forehead , he chest and arm swathed in bandage . he try to open he eye , wince as if blind by the yellow flare of the paraffin lamp . prendick God ... why be that light so bright ? see the hypodermic prendick start to react as Montgomery slide a needle into he forearm . montgomery easy Eddie , you be in shock ... there ... prendick relax as Montgomery get up and start hastily towards the door . aissa touch he face , soothing he as the drug draw a chemical curtain across he pain . he sigh , look up at she , haloed by the hallucinatory glare of the lantern . she smile , take he hand and place it against she bosom . aissa sleep , prendick . my poor five - man . I will make you well . sleep ... aissa lie beside he , form herself cat-like against he . he slowly draw a arm over she . CUT to : ext . the island - dawn a seethe , volcanic sun rise above the rim of the earth SOUND of a horn and the baying of hound rise to greet it the from below the canopy of the rainforest . CUT to : ext . the rainforest - morning a flock of parrot scatter in dismay as a line of Beast people come crashing through a cane break , beat the foliage to drive out they quarry . Moreau follow at a distance on horseback , waggdi walk fast beside he . up ahead the undergrowth quiver and waggdi freeze , sniff the air . waggdi he 's close , master . I smell he . just a breath away . Moreau reign he steed to a halt , cock the hunt rifle . waggdi step forward towards the wall of greenery , he cattle prod raise defensively . he reach out to touch the crush leave and when he draw back he finger they be sticky with drying blood . he turn to Moreau , nodd he head as if to signal he , but at that instant the wall of the rainforest erupt behind he . with a ear-splitt shriek the chimaera plunge from its hide place , wrenching waggdi from he foot . the horse rear in panic , and Moreau be flung backwards from he saddle . he strike a tree trunk , landing awkwardly , the breath drive from he , the hunt rifle still clench in he hand . his horse bolt past he . waggdi scream , he cattle prod , try to fend off the chimaera 's jaw with but the creature drag he down , tightening its coil remorselessly around he . Moreau regains he foot , levelling the rifle as the chimaera begin to ingest the struggle Dog man . he catch a last glimpse of waggdi 's bulg eye , curiously calm now as if hypnotize by the immensity of what be happen to he . his body spasm and , with a hiss , the chimaera cast he aside , turn its attention now towards Moreau . Moreau meet its gaze and the creature hesitates , fear sparking in its eye . then it raise its bifurcate snout and howl . Moreau shiver , he expression falter as the full pain and horror of what he have create come home to he . moreau ( under he breath ) God ... forgive I ... there be a terrible pity in he eye now . the rifle waver in he hand . then with a feral snarl the chimaera launch itself at he . he pull the trigger and the rifle jump in he hand , punch a hole the size of a fist in the beast 's torso . the creature be upon he before he can get off another round , drive the rifle from he hand , its jaw close on he body from side to side as it savage he . Moreau go limp and the creature drop he , gather itself to full height , bellow in mindless rage . Moreau 's eye flicker open , hazy with shock . his good hand go to he holster , draw he pistol , he eye calm as he look the chimaera in the face , see the beast 's glisten jaw widen before he . moreau thy will be do . the beast pounce and he raise he gun . plung it into the gape maw , he fire . the chimaera shriek , rear backwards , its maim head lash from side to side . then , its rage spend , it relinquish its brief tenure on life , crumpling to the forest floor with a final hiss , pin Moreau beneath the quivering carcass . the doctor groan , drag himself from beneath the fall creature and try to stand but he leg give out and he fall to he knee . look up he see a row of impossibly gaudy parrot regard he from a branch above . he sigh as if overwhelm by the terrible fertility of the island . gazing around he see that a silent ring of Beast folk have emerge from the shadow and stand watch he . in they dull animal gaze be silent brood contempt . cudgel and machete be clutch in they misshapen hand . Moreau recognize azazello , the boar man and the hyena - swine amongst the rank and reach out to they with a blood streak hand , motion they to come nearer . moreau help I ... hyena - swine the master bleed . azazello if he bleed he can die . hyena - swine he can die ? moreau help I ... for the love of God . hyena - swine do you love I father ? do you love you son ? the hyena - swine pad across the clear towards Moreau , its hackles rise , its tiny , pig like eye sparkling with bloodlust . a machete glint in its hand . moreau I love you . hyena - swine then let you son embrace you . Moreau bow he head . moreau Children of the law ... forgive I ... hyena - swine Law no more ! the machete swing in a gleam arc and the good doctor 's body fall to the wait earth . the hyena - swine raise the machete , see the master 's blood glisten in the tropical sunshine . hyena - swine now I be God . he lick Moreau 's blood from the blade and begin giggle hysterically while he comrade abandon they fear close in and beat the doctor 's fall body . take up the hyena -swine 's chant they release year of rage in animal savagery . all Law no more ! Law no more ! the parrot shift nervously on they perches take flight one by one as the beast folk dance in bizarre celebration around Moreau 's body . the bird rise up through the leafy canopy of the tree to the sky and the heaven beyond . afterwards , something like snowflake fall and melt in the Pacific sun and the distant thunder of a approach storm rumble over the scene . CUT to : int . the guest room - day thunder crash outside and warm rain squall against the glass . aissa turn over , kissing prendick on the forehead . he open he eye and she smile at he . he look at she , and he eye widen . some strange reversion have begin ; the imperfect upper-lip have become exaggerated , and a distinct fur-like down appear have on she face , but she be nonetheless still beautiful . prendick stare . she draw he close and he kiss she again . his face be guide by she hand down to she breast . his lip find she nipple and she twist with arousal , then she guide he face further down she body to another set of breast , vestigial bud that have erupt on the smooth skin of she torso . prendick react , balance on a knife edge of revulsion and desire , then he give in to the latter , kissing wildly at she feral mammary , arouse beyond any point of return . again , louder , there come the sound of thunder . CUT to : ext . the rainforest - day the thunder become the sound of hoof and we see the riderless white stallion racing through the tree , its flank wet with foam . CUT to : ext . the compound - day a violent storm lash the island . a wailing procession of Beast folk , lead by the sayer of the Law , trudge slowly through the drive rain , they head bow as they bear Moreau back to the big house , he body hold aloft , he arm outstretch as if crucify , he head tilt back , rain fall in he sightless eye and wash the blood from he face in pink rivulet . Montgomery stand wait for they on the front lawn , he feature twisted in despair . behind he prendick come slowly down the driveway , support by aissa . he be barefoot , dress only in a blanket and a damp pair of flannel trousers . montgomery it 's all over . oh god ... the procession come to a halt and the sayer of the Law step forward to address Montgomery . sayer of the law he be dead . azazello be there a Law now ? be it still to be this and that ? sayer of the law be there a Law , thou other with the whip ? be there a Law now that he be dead ? Montgomery look to prendick , he jaw hang slackly . prendick step forward , aissa cling to he arm , and try to take command of the situation . prendick of course there 's a Law . hyena - swine Law no more ! prendick there 's a law ! listen to I ! he be not dead ! the Beast people turn they sharp eye upon he . prendick he 's here ! now ! he be not dead . he 's leave he body , but he 's here . you can not see he , but right there ! prendick point towards the leaden sky . Montgomery look at he with amaze admiration . montgomery good , buddy . that 's good . Jesus , that 's qreat ! prendick you can not see he , but he can see you ! he 's watch you right now ! kiril fear the Law ! there be a flicker of lightning and the Beast people look nervously to the sky . assassimon stare in terrible suspicion and uncertainty . kiril he be great , he be good ! prendick come with I ! we must bring he old body up to the big house . then he will tell we what to do . he motion for they to follow , set off at the head of the procession . reluctantly , assassimon join they . CUT to : ext . the courtyard - dusk the rain have stop now but the sky be still dark and threaten . the remain Dog Men , under the command of m'ling be busy make a pyre of brushwood and break furniture . Moreau 's body , dress in a pristine white suit and garland with flower , be laid out ona pallet at the top of the pyre . aissa kneel beside he now and place he Panama hat on he chest . prendick watch she closely , almost desperately , for a sign of human grief . tear start down aissa 's cheek . prendick look on , move . CUT to : int . montgomery's quarter - dusk Montgomery sit hunch over the paraffin lantern , swigging from a bottle of vodka and down pill by the handful , he gun on the tabletop beside he . prendick sit opposite he , he eye wander over the disarray that surround they , the tatter poster and pathetic remnant of the counter - culture and Montgomery 's past life . from outside rise the SOUND of drum and bestial voice howling and keen in lamentation . prendick we be go to have to go out there -- and light that thing soon . I mean , if he start get ripe and they smell it , it 's all over . montgomery they be all wait ... the whole damn island ... without the endorphin he put in they food they will revert quickly . they will need a firm hand with a whip in it . but I have really gotta hand it to you , Eddie , you be a survivor . this resurrection bit be fuck brilliant ... perfect thing for a primitive intelligence . they will eat it right up . prendick or they will eat we right up . montgomery yeah , whatever ... Jesus , what a fuck life this be ... spend twenty year live in squalid little room , live on cheap thrill , man , I have to say , life be a big mistake . Big mistake . and to end up in this , this shit ! this fuck island , ten year ! what for ?? Eddie , we be nothing . we be just nothing . we be bubbles blow by a baby . prendick we be get off of this island . montgomery oh yeah ? and go where ? look at I , man ... where the fuck be I go to go ? prendick anywhere you like . montgomery ( he laugh . ) that 's a tough one , Eddie . I get off this island about once every two year , and I can not make it out there . people disgust I , man . I can not stand to be anywhere near they . even the woman . I rent they , then I can not bear to touch they . and I will tell you something man ... you and you girlfriend be gonna find it mighty hard " fitting in " . I mean , just for opener , who 's gonna rent to you ? it be not like you come from different religious background , if you know what I mean ... here , have a toke for fuck sake . prendick can we help she ? be there anything we can do to ... montgomery to what , man ? keep she sweet ? I know Moreau give she special treatment . it 's in he note ... prendick what about the rest ? montgomery they will change , they d.n.a. will just start to unravel ... come on , man , have a toke ... help yourself to my stash . I have get everything you could possibly want right here . speed , methadone , morphine , mescaline , red , blue , " lude acid , lysergic and my own special brew ... the Montgomery cocktail ! you want to go ? come on , which way try the cocktail , you will go all over the fuck place ... prendick I just want to go home . montgomery well , fuck you then ! you will not party with I , I will party with they . I will show you what a real party animal be ! I be hand in my resignation from the whole fuck human race , effective immediately . Montgomery get to he foot , clutching at the bottle , fill he pocket with pill . prendick you be not go to hand that out ! montgomery what ? be you gonna stop I ? Jesus Christ , man , you be not a lawyer , you be a fuck missionary ... save she , he , why do not you just open up a local branch of the s.p.c.a.? prendick you really be crazy . montgomery do I ever say I be not ? prendick rise , face he , and Montgomery snatch up the automatic , wave it at he head . montgomery hey , man , you be stand between I and the party light . get out of my way . prendick sure . go ahead . go ahead . Montgomery fling the door open , he eye blot of deep black in the yellow light , the gun tremble in he hand . montgomery you know , man , you have get no view . with you it 's all survival . we be right on the edge here , and I be not gonna miss it may be dead tomorrow , but I be gonna live it up tonight . he turn and go out into the moonlight . m'ling , who be wait outside , rise to meet he . montgomery m'ling ! m'ling , my man ! bring the flatbe around at once . it 's party time ! prendick follow he to the doorway , look out into the night . CUT to : ext . the beach - night the crowd part as Montgomery walk amongst they , dispense pill . montgomery free drug ! come on ! who want to get high ? let 's see some hand . a forest of misshapen appendage rise around he and he fill each hand indiscriminately with whatever he pull from he pocket . montgomery there you go ... a little uptown for you , some downtown for you ... cat food for the dog and dog food for the cat ... what 's science without a few drug , huh , Eddie ? he address the assembly of chimaera . montgomery it 's the dawn of a whole new deal , boy and girl . I be the man now and we be gonna have fun around here for a change . we will be laugh tonight ... the Beast people press tight around he , paw at he help themselves now to the content of he pocket . CUT to : ext . the courtyard - night prendick , aissa , and the remain Beast people , still loyal to Moreau , stand ringed around the pyre . for a moment they be motionless , they head bow in a prayer , then prendick toss a light torch into the brushwood at the base of the mound and the flame begin to climb hungrily around Moreau 's body . the congregation remain silent , watch until more au 's body be lose in flame and smoke . prendick turn to aissa now , see she eye glint like a animal 's in the firelight . aissa will we go now ? prendick yes . they look at each other , a terrible awareness in aissa 's face . aissa I know , prendick . I know what be happen to I ... I can feel it . prendick it do not matter . aissa yes , it matter . prendick there 's a way to fix it , in you father 's note . I will find it . we will bring you back . now , go to the house . get whatever you need to take . aissa ( apprehensive ) where be you go ? prendick there 's something I have to do . he turn to address the assembly . prendick Children of the Law ! listen to I ! the master have leave a task for you ! he turn towards the laboratory , motion for the Beast people to follow he . CUT to : int . the laboratory - night prendick stride down the aisleway between the cage , kiril and the sayer of the Law lead the remnant of the Beast people behind he . prendick empty the cage ! free all of they ! the Beast folk go to work at once , scoop rabbit from they hutch , dog and cat and monkey from they cage . prendick stalk slowly through the devastate laboratory , flipping the switch on a nagra as he pass , hearing Moreau 's voice , nothing more now than a magnetic ghost . moreaus voice systolic pressure 3.2 . diastolic pressure up to 4 . pulmonary pressure stand at 5.8. prendick stop at the shelf , lift Moreau 's black book . it fall open in he hand and he cast a eye over the chemical equation contain there , a escape monkey scamper up to he to perch on he shoulder , mimick he puzzlement at Moreau 's note . behind he , the sayer of the Law open the incubator one by one , hand out the mewl mutant infant to a line of island woman who bear they out into the safety of the orange night . CUT to : ext . the beach - night the awesome SOUND of the jimi hendrix experience throbbing from a tinny set of speaker , supplement by a line of drumming Beast folk , tangling with the soundtrack of " King Kong " that be climb on a screen set before the CD - rom projector that have be set up for a rapt , trip - out animal audience . a great bonfire be raining spark into the sky farther up the beach , ringed by furiously dance creature . beside the bonfire , a axe-wield Dog man be chopping up the remain of the beach motor launch and feed they into the flame . Montgomery stand near the fire , burn of the boat , supervise the ritual a garland of flower around he neck and a joint dangle from he lower lip . the sloth creature drag at the hem of he coat and he smile sadly , turn out he pocket . montgomery all go . see . all tapped out . we be in the same boat now , ( point to the burn launch ) and there it be right there ! up the creek without a paddle . any of you ever hear that expression ? he start to get undress , throw he clothes to the Beast people who grab at they eagerly , fight for possession of the more treasure article . Montgomery lift he head up and shout . montgomery how do you like this , Moreau ? be not this some wild shit ! the Beast people press tighter around he , reach out to touch he pale skin . he giggle , look up at the star . montgomery all flesh be grass , boy and girl . you blink and it 's all go ... he grab a already dishevel Beast woman and break into a dement , frenzied and very dirty boogie . the flatbe go rumbling past , headlight blaze , circle dangerously close to the fire , joyride through the night , go nowhere , m'ling at the wheel . CUT to : int . the study - night azazello unbolt the gun locker and open it up to display its content to he fellow conspirator : the hyena -swine , a bristly black boar man and a pair of the survive Dog Men who still wear waiter 's coat . behind they , the rest of the room be already in chaos as several of the Beast people root through Moreau 's papers , fling the book from the shelf , the unleash parrot flap wildly around they head . the hyena - swine heft a kalashnikov , he eye glow in anticipation . hyena - swine now we have the fire that kill . now we be god ! azazello weigh a hand grenade in he palm , he face crack in a terrible , gap -toothed grin . CUT to : int . the hall - night aissa cross the hallway on she way to she room . there be a sudden rattle of automatic gunfire follow by a sudden peal of raucous laughter from the direction of the study and she stiffen , draw back against the wall with a hiss . azazello appear now in the study door , clutching a bottle of brandy , the other two Dog Men follow he at a pace . azazello trip -trap , trip-trap ... and where be you go in the wood today , little girl ? aissa edge towards the door but the Dog Men cut she off . azazello look for you five - finger man ? he can not help you . there be no master anymore . he advance and she raise a hand as if to strike he . her claw extend from she fingertip and she eye glint in the firelight . the hair on she back raise as she emit a long catlike hiss . azazello nicely now little kitten - aissa or I will hurt you . remember how the master hurt I ? oh , how he whipped I . he give a oily chuckle , he voice become a growl . azazello but he spare you soft skin . one of the Dog Men reach out to grab she hair and she bare she tooth in a feral snarl . lash out at azazello , she claw rake he face nearly blind he . azazello stumble back with a canine yelp , paw at he snout . the other two Dog Men lunge at she , the blood lust rise in they eye . aissa turn . find no way out of the room she leap toward the curtain . lock she claw in the heavy material , she scramble up toward the valence while the Dog Men try to grab she and pull she back . she try to reach the large chandelier , but the curtain and valence give way and she fall back toward the floor ; in mid - fall she twist catlike to land on all four ina crouch . a low threaten growl boil from she throat as she face azazello and the Dog Men , hold they at bay like a cornere cat as they maneuver cautiously to surround she . suddenly , with a shriek she spring at azazello . her claw tear with lighten speed at he face while he stagger back . his hand go into he coat and he pull a automatic . as aissa claw for he throat , he shoot she at zero range . there be a deafen concussion . her eye widen , revealing the green fire of she rage as she convulse with the impact . CUT to : ext . the courtyard - night the remainder of the Beast people , stand before the blaze pyre , turn as a burst of gunfire shatter the night . the hyena - swine stand in the doorway of the big house , brandish he kalashnikov . as the congregation watch he fire a second burst at the star . hyena - swine bow to I ! I send the fire that kill . he squeeze off another burst for effect and several of the Beast people drop to they knee . kiril move forward pull the grovel figure back to they foot by the scruff of they neck . hyena - swine bow to I ! kiril who be you that I should bow to you ? we be brother . he turn to face the congregation . kiril Children of the Law , we must stand firm . we must uphold the Law and work together now . we must rule with love , not hate . we be brother , all of we . the hyena - swine switch the kalashnikov onto single fire and shoot kiril in the back . he pitch forward . the congregation gasp . the hyena - swine chuckle , slide in a new banana clip . some of the Beast people start to shout now , fall to they knee and wring they hand . sayer of the law no ! this be wrong ! you be break the Law ! hyena - swine if it feel good , do it , be the Law ! Montgomery tell I so . sayer of the law we must have law ! we be not animal ! hyena - swine Law no more ! sayer of the law ( with incredible feel ) be we not man ? the hyena - swine laugh , switch he kalashnikov onto full auto and empty its magazine into the crowd , the boar man at he side excitedly join in the massacre with he own AK - 47 . all that who be still stand be catch in a wither rain of bullet , they body jerk in the glow of the funeral pyre . the sayer of the Law be among the first to fall , he mask shattered by a bullet between the eye . a spray of bullet punch into fuel can stockpile in the yard , a rivulet of gasoline creep away , lead back towards the big house . the hyena - swine be laugh and laugh , the gun grow hot in he hand , fire leaping in he eye . CUT to : int . the lab - night prendick take a crowbar to a metal file and rip it open . he tear through the papers and find several note book . he begin frantically flipping through they . CUT to : ext . the beach - night thing have start to slip at the beach party . several of the Beast folk lie shaking on the sand , grip by epileptic seizure , while one of the cat people have tear out its own eye and sit scream beside the projector . the flatbe be stick in the sand , smoke pour out of it , m'ling limping back towards the fire in open embarrassment . Montgomery stand naked in the midst of the admire Chimaera , stare back towards the big house , he attention draw by the sound of gunfire . montgomery what the fuck now ...? m'ling master ! m'ling step towards Montgomery but the bison man cut he off , strike the Dog man over the head with a empty bottle . montgomery no ! do not hurt he ! he make as if to go to m'ling 's assistance , but the bison man block he way . bison man no more Masters ! Montgomery turn to see the other Beast folk crowd in on he , a awful hunger flaring in they eye . a low growl ripple across the beach , rise into a snarl of rage . montgomery hey I come on , man , lighten up ... this be suppose to be a party ! the little pink sloth thing step suddenly forward and shoot Montgomery in the chest with he own automatic . he stagger backwards , stare in disbelief at the pucker hole in he breastbone . montgomery shit! you ... you be always such a sweet little fucker , too ... Jesus ... thanks a lot ... he fall against the CD - rom projector and the image go into gross distortion . he slip to he knee and , with a shriek , the Beast people fall upon he , rip and ravaging . CUT to : int . the laboratory - night prendick be edging towards the door Moreau 's black book clutch to he chest , he automatic in he hand when the hyena -swine and the boar man burst into the room , levelling they rifle . he dive for the cover of the overturn operate table , a bullet mean for he heart hit instead in the leather cover of Moreau 's journal . he hug the ground , cover he head as the renegade pump round after round into the laboratory , shatter the overhead light and laboratory equipment . the big tank crack and come apart , spilling a wave of warm amniotic fluid across the floor , the gill mutation flopping and writhe amidst the break glass . the hyena - swine pause to reload , pad on the tip of its toe towards prendick 's hide place , its tooth bare . hyena - swine come out and face I ! let we see who be the master , now ! prendick crawl gasp for the safety of the ruin bank of audio - visual equipment , prompt a hysterical burst of gunfire from the hyena -swine . prendick cringe , bullet ricocheting and sparking all around he . there follow another lull as the hyena - swine fumble for a fresh clip . prendick use the breathe space to reach for the nagra . the boar man turn , levelling he rifle , but at that moment Moreau 's icy voice fill the room . moreaus voice diastolic pressure up to 4 . pulmonary pressure stand at 5.8 . heartbeat irregular . the boar man freeze , turn to the hyena-swine . hyena - swine no ! it be a trick ! he be dead ! we kill he ! he open fire once more but prendick have already duck safely out of sight , crouching behind a console and pull on a pair of goggle . the hyena - swine glance about himself uneasily , then as he step forward , prendick reach out and throw the switch on the laser its light fill the room with a brilliant blue-green glare . the renegade yell , try to cover they eye as prendick spring from behind the console , shoot the boar man in the throat . the boar man topple backwards . the hyena - swine scream , blindly loose a burst of gunfire in prendick 's direction . one of the bullet damage the laser 's housing and prendick decide to take a chance , diving across the room towards the door and tilting the laser from its bearing as he pass . the laser cut the hyena - swine across the face and he tumble backwards with a shriek , clutching at he face . then prendick shoot he in the stomach and he go down , fall amidst the tendril of the tank dweller , still kick and scream , one paw grasp for a hand grenade . prendick take a step back as the hyena -swine pull the pin and draw back he arm to pitch the grenade , but then one of the tentacles coil around he wrist and hold it tight . prendick leap for the door . the hyena -swine 's last shriek of pain and fear be cut short by a ear-splitt concussion and the laboratory be tear apart in a ball of fire and fly shrapnel . CUT to : ext . the courtyard - night prendick step over the mound of corpse , eye narrow against the smoke , the gun in one hand , Moreau 's black book in the other . prendick aissa ! he scan the face of the dead but do not see she among they . the flame be spread now from the blaze laboratory to the other hut , climb towards the radio mast . up ahead , the big house be already on fire and prendick battle he way towards its door . CUT to : int . the hall - night prendick stumble cough through the doorway , one arm raise to protect he face from its burn frame . prendick aissa ! then he eye to adjust to the smoke- fill room and what he see seem to rob he of what little sanity he have leave . aissa 's body lie on the dining table , she entire torso a open wound , azazello and the Dog Men sit around she , as if about to feed on she flesh . prendick react with a bellow of primal rage . he raise he gun and blast at the Dog Men . one be strike in the head . another be shot when he run for the door . wound , he run yelping to a corner where other shot bring he down . prendick turn the gun on azazello who glare at he with canine menace . he pull the trigger but the chamber click on empty . azazello turn with a shriek and throw himself through the rear window , flee yelping into the night . prendick stand over aissa , beyond grief , beyond any emotion . take the compass from she finger , he hold she hand , as the flame move across the wall around he . CUT to : ext . the compound - night a series of explosion rip through the enclosure , engulf the big house , the sing aloe rise scream in tongue of live flame . CUT to : ext . the beach - dawn prendick stand watch the rise sun . he seem transformed by grief and by he exposure to horror . the big house be burn behind he . Montgomery 's remain be at he foot cover in a blood -soak blanket . m'ling kneel beside he , weep . m'ling they be mad ! they be fool ! they say there be no Law . no master . no whip . no House of pain anymore . we love the Law and will keep it now but there be no more pain , no more whip forever again , they say . but I know , master , I know . you still live . you have walk in the sea and live . prendick pat m'ling 's head . prendick you be a good man , m'ling . m'ling you will kill they all ? prendick turn he eye towards the burn flatbe and the remnant of the motor launch . there be body strewn all over the beach . prendick no. not all . m'ling the master 's will be sweet . behind they the radio mast collapse , send a flurry of spark climb into the heaven . CUT to : ext . the compound - day the SOUND of the horn rise once more into the morning air . prendick , m'ling , assassimon and two of the remain elder stand on the rostrum , azazello bound and kneel at they foot . the rest of the islander gather uneasily before they . there be fewer than thirty of they leave . prendick he 's not dead ! he 's speak to I right now ! the House of pain will be back again ! you can not see the master , but he 's watch everything you do ! m'ling true ! true ! the Fox Lady step forward , cradling one of the child from the incubator . fox lady the man who walk in the Sea now lead . prendick the master speak through I . for that who break the Law ! assassimon back to the House of pain ! back to the House of pain ! the congregation take up the chant , they voice swell . prendick stare in cold fury as azazello slink forward contrite and very frighten . he kneel before prendick , who touch he head with barely - control hatred . all ( chorus ) back to the House of pain ! back to the House of pain ! azazello ( look imploringly at prendick ) back to the House of pain ! back to the House of pain ! he try to lick prendick 's hand . prendick put the gun to azazello 's head and the Dog man whimper . the gun jump , spitting fire , and azazello fall , blood jetting from he temple . the audience fall silent . fox lady the gun have speak ! it be good ! they fall into a new rhythm , they chant rise and rise . all ( chorus ) his be the hand that wound ! his be the hand that heal ! his be the lightning flash ! his be the deep salt sea ! prendick stand look out over they , Moreau 's book still clutch under he arm , the gun clench in he free hand . it 's as though he 's stare at something a thousand mile away , as tear start down he cheek . the crowd bow down , the sky fill with black smoke rise from the ruin behind they , the emblem of the Tree of life still flutter from the flagpole above . dissolve to : int . the cave - day prendick stand in the shaft of light at the center of the cavern , the fetish staff in he hand , lead the chant congregation . his hair and beard have grow long and wild now , he and he clothes be embroider with bone and tassel , face bedaub with paint . prendick ( v.o. ) after that day I become the sayer of the Law . every day for nine month I stand in front of the Tree of life and talk to they . dissolve to : int . the cave - night prendick be observe the moon through a cleft in the rock and mark the lunar calendar paint on the cavern wall . prendick ( v.o. ) I rewrote the Law and try to teach they new way to survive on they own . the Law I give they be the Law I dream of as a boy , that have make I want to be a lawyer , a Law that never really exist anywhere in the real world , except here . dissolve to : ext . the island - day prendick stand thigh deep in the river teach m'ling and the other the finer point of spear fishing , a lesson interrupt when two of the onlooker start to squabble over a particularly juicy - look barbel . prendick ( v.o. ) I teach they all I could , but day by day the animal return to take over that which be human . like it always have and always will . like Moreau say it would . dissolve to : ext . the settlement - day prendick , m'ling and several other huddle beneath a fan of woven palm leave , shelter from a torrential downpour . prendick ( v.o. ) about thirty of they have survive and eight of that be dead by the end of the hurricane season , most from untreatable illness cause by they genetic disorder . I know that if aissa have live she would have share they fate , but that do not take the pain away . by the time the trade wind blow again from the west , only m'ling and assassimon still clung to the power of speech , and be able to help I in my work . dissolve to : ext . the beach - day Moreau 's horse have be employ in drag log down from the rainforest to where m'ling and prendick be shaping they with makeshift axe . assassimon sit nearby , empty barrel of diesel into the sand . there follow a montage of activity as the raft slowly take shape , assassimon rigging its sail as it lie at berth next to the jetty , while prendick and m'ling load it with supplies . prendick I will be back with help . give I three month . m'ling it be good . go well , master . prendick go well yourself , m'ling . good m'ling . he embrace m'ling . the Dog man fawn upon he , whimper . then he pull away and , clamber aboard the raft , make ready and cast off . assassimon come run down the jetty , shouting at the top of he lung . assassimon he be go ! he be good ! he be go ! he be great ! prendick strike a offshore current , unfurl a bright sheet of homespun from the mast , a gaudy representation of the Tree of life paint in its center . the wind fill the sail and he adjust the tiller , turn the raft 's prow towards the open sea . m'ling sit down , he big foot dangle over the edge of the jetty , look a little deject , watch until prendick be far away . m'ling we must read . we must keep speech for he return . then he lift a batter copy of Alice in wonderland and begin to read aloud once more while assassimon , hopping from foot to foot , pretend to mouth the word over he shoulder . m'ling ( read , haltingly ) " Humpty dumpty sit on a wall : Humpty dumpty have a great fall . all the King 's horse and all the King 's man . could not put Humpty dumpty together again . " m'ling 's voice falter , taper off into a bestial whimper . he sit for a long while in silence , the book sagging in he hand , watch the sail of prendick 's raft until it have disappear from sight . dissolve to : the disc of the SUN a dazzle , overexpose white . dissolve through white to : ext . the pacific ocean - day ( two day later ) prendick lie on he back on the raft , the sail flap slackly now ; he face raw and blister from the sun . his head sway with the rise and fall of the ocean and all the horizon seem to sway with he , the earth and sky and the shine crack that separate they . a dark smudge appear on the horizon . Dancing . drawing nearer . he close he eye . when he open he eye again he see the side of a freighter loom over he , a row of figure gather at the rail , outline silhouett against the sun . hand lift he now . twisted , misshapen hand tip with curious nail . his eye focus on he rescuer and he see the intent face of beast of prey glaring down at he , they face snoutish and porcine , back cover with a sickly pink skin , they lip curling from yellow tooth . he look at they , completely blank . CUT to : int . the sanatorium - day ( three year later ) prendick blink , open he eye to find that he be still sit on he chair in Dr. murnau 's office , the beast have become the chief doctor and two of the staff psychiatrist , dr . wiene and dr . moch , sit face he . he be clean shaven now and be wear a brand new suit and tie . murnau I be glad we be in agreement . you finally understand you have be suffer a acute form of post - traumatic stress disorder bring on by the plane crash and you terrible ordeal at sea ... you should be able to gradually unlock the memory of what really happen to you during that lose year . prendick I have . I see that nothing much happen at all . I be simply adrift . dr . moch perhaps as a young man you read about the real Doctor Moreau , who win Nobel Prize in 1989 . the controversy surround he work could have be incorporate into you fantasy . prendick smile , nod . prendick so I guess now it 's on with my life . murnau you have come a very long way . prendick thank you , gentlemen . thank you all , for everything . he stand , fold he coat over he arm . when he look back at the doctor , however , it be to find they transformed into scabrous carrion bird stare hungrily at he across the desktop with they vulpine , bespectacle eye , they dark wing stir threateningly . he maintain he smile . CUT to : ext . the STREET - day prendick stand on the corner of a busy city street , he coat still fold over he arm , stare at the hubbub of life that surround he . prendick ( v.o . ) I be release from the hospital in October 2010 . the world have not come to a end , although there have be a nuclear exchange . everything else , it seem , have be a symptom of my psychosis . we see the crowded street now through prendick 's eye . weary deer men and cattle people shambling past he with wounded eye , drip blood , old people , bent and dull murmure to themselves , prowling women mew after he and dance pack of jibing monkey child skip through a gridlock traffic jam of bark canine motorist , belligerent porcine traffic police try to maintain order . prendick turn now , see he own reflection in a shop window , the reflection of a rather melancholy - look sheepdog lose that have its flock , its eye tired and lonely . CUT to : int . the cottage - dusk the fire be low on the hearth . prendick sit hunch in the semi - darkness , the load gun still cradle in he hand , finish up he final message run through the nagra , a dog bark in the distance . Moreau 's notebook lie open on the table before he , a reproduction of draper 's " lament for icarus " tack on the wall behind he . all over the desk , on crumpled piece of paper , be sketches of the Tree of life . prendick ( v.o . ) on the island , I have think that Moreau be the loneliest man on the earth . but that be before I become what I have become ... I have spend my time in read , and study biochemistry only to realize that what Moreau do be in fact possible . what happen can not be dismiss as a nightmare . so I have have no choice but to live alone with the horrible truth . prendick raise the gun , close he eye . prendick ( v.o. ) ( haltingly ) now I find there be simply no way to bear the loneliness . in the near background we hear the bark of a dog . prendick squeeze he eyelid shut , try to blot out the noise . he draw the hammer back with a audible click . suddenly , there be the sound of a pair of paw hit the pane of glass in a french door . the bark be now very loud , almost in the room . prendick open he eye once more . the bark go on . it have a strange , plead quality . prendick lower the gun and look toward the door . the dog be look in . it see he and bark with sudden recognition . prendick can not avoid the animal . he rise and the dog paw wildly at the doorpanel with obvious joy at he approach . prendick try to muster a stern look . prendick I lock you out for a reason . I can not very well kill myself with you pester I . the dog bark implore , then look at prendick and cock he head . he whymper for prendick 's affection . prendick what ? you would miss I ? the dog respond with a short , decisive bark . prendick step to the door and open it . the dog rush away with wild joyous excitement . it begin a wild frolic on the hillside before the cottage . the downright silliness of the animal 's joyful exuberant force a trace of reluctant smile to prendick 's lip . CUT to : ext . somewhere in new england - dusk a curtain of rain fall across the downland , turn to mote of gold by the die light , descend as a bless upon the soft green hill and patchwork farmstead . the dog come run along the crest of a hill , rejoice , bark at the rain , eye brim with a simple animal happiness . it skid to a halt , shaking itself , turn its snout towards the die light . the rain have stop , the sky be clear . its master walk now to stand beside it , he hand in he pocket , contemplate the same awesome view . then prendick bend down to pat the dog as it leap up , put its paw against he chest , to lick he face that be wet with rain or tear . prendick look deep into the sweet liquid eye of the dog . fade to black . roll end title . the end