the mothman prophecies screenplay by richard hatem revision by becky johnston alison cross ernest marrero & lewis klahr base on the book the mothman prophecies by John A. keel ernest marrero & lewis klahr initial rewrite numbered script September 1 , 2000 '' lakeshore all rights reserved on - screen text : the follow story be base on true event . fade in to : 1 credit sequence - black void / nocturnal CITY we glide through a black void illuminate by searing , electric flash in brilliant phosphorescent color . the blackness begin to rip and tear , granting we glimpsis of a nocturnal city . with the SOUND of a wing flap , we sail through a gape hole , out of the electromagnetic dimension into a ... ext . aerial view of WASHINGTON D.C. - night we continue to fly until we pick out one particular jewel of this nightscape : a stately office building . we descend effortlessly ... ext . WASHINGTON post ( efx ) ..- pass down through the roof and six empty floor . int . WASHINGTON post newsroom - night on the seventh floor we hover near the ceiling , gaze down on a office Christmas party . none of the celebrate worker sense we presence as we snake through the labyrinth of cubicle and glass cell , until : Pov dive into a phone line travel fast along the inside of the wire , erupting out of the ear - piece with a shriek squall of feedback . int . WASHINGTON post newsroom - night a man yank the phone from he ear , wince . man ( off feedback ) what the hell be that ? the man be JOHN klein , a up -and -come reporter for the Washington Post ; intelligent , with East Coast good - look . JOHN {into phone ) you still there ? okay , I miss that spelling . with a ' y.’ get it . ( correct a name in he story ) no . you be on the record . you can not ( more ) ( continued ) continued : JOHN ( cont would ) scrape you career off you shoe anyway . at least do some damage on you way out , see you name in the paper one more time ... okay . he click off the line , speed proofs he story , send it on its way . he 's do , and do for the day . he push chair and stand up , knead he back . ed fleischman , ( 29 ) , roll out of the next cubicle : ed John ! '' the balkan peace Council be comprise of ten member '' or '' be compose of ten member '' ? JOHN twelve member . ed oh. right . thanks . Ed roll out of sight . John grab he coat and head past Ed 's cubicle . JOHN '' compose . '' as John walk pass , Ed roll back out : ed what ? John disappear through glass door into : int . national desk - continuous back he editor cyrus bill , ( 65 ) , a scarecrow with a cigarette , scroll through John 's piece on the computer . his eye never leave the screen . cyrus this will make they sweat , it 's good , I will lead with it ... JOHN great , I will see you Monday . cyrus what ? JOHN I have get to go . ( continued ) continued : cyrus you can not - how do that look , my rise star not show up at the Christmas party ? John smile . this be the close thing to a warm moment he and Cyrus have ever have . JOHN Mary 's wait for I . Cyrus inhale deeply on he cigarette , watch John through the glass door weave he way out of the party . ext . colonial -style house - mclean , virginia - night a nice , well - keep house in a upscale neighborhood . int . colonial - style house - mclean , virginia - night John and mary klein hang back in a empty kitchen listen to the real estate lady . Mary klein , ( 31 ) , a beautiful redhead with a quick smile and a irrepressible joie de vivre . real estate lady ... it 's a steal at this price . we can get it , but we have have to make a offer today . the owner 's move fast . Mary be ready to jump . John look uncertain . real estate lady ( cont would ) think it over , I will make some call . John and Mary wander up the stair mary oh , my God ... I think I love it . JOHN ( smile ) I think you love it too . she hit he ; he laugh . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I do not know if we can swing it . ( continued ) 10 il 12 13 14 continued : , 9 mary come on , let 's live dangerously . they enter the ... master bedroom . 10 John click a light switch up and down . a light blink on and off behind a door . JOHN what 's this ? they open the door . a dark closet Mary grab John , suddenly excited . she kiss he . he kiss she . passionately . she pull he into the closet , laugh . John close the door . JOHN come on , let 's go , right here . he slide he hand under she blouse . she shriek with laughter . they fall against the wall . CUT to : in the hallway 121 camera track towards the bedroom . CuT to : int closet 12 thing be get steamy inside . CUT to : in the bedroom 13 camera track quickly towards the closet door . CUT to : in the closet 14 a naked light bulb switch on . John and Mary jump . a moth bat the bulb with its wing , casting large flicker shadow . 15 16 17 18 in the bedroom a5 John and Mary tumble out of the closet . real estate lady ( blush ) oh , here you be . John straighten he tie . Mary smooth she hair . JOHN just make sure there 's ample closet space . real estate lady good , good . well I have get good news . the house be yours if you want it . John look at he wife . JOHN ( smile ) we want it . int . upscale french restaurant - night 16 through the window , John and Mary clink champagne glass . dissolve to : ext . restaurant parking lot - later 17 Long graceful tracking shot as John and Mary walk from the restaurant to the valet station . it 's a moment of pure happiness , ease , everything between they be right . John hand the valet he ticket . they bring the car . the valet hand the key to John . John toss Mary the keys and flop into the passenger seat . he 's drunk . Mary climb behind the wheel . they drive off . ext . STREET in georgetown - night 18 they car travel through night time georgetown . they pass a road construction site that look like a brightly light theater set , a clock tower that read 1:30 , and a bird sanctuary . they turn onto a road overhung with tree . the street be quiet and empty . 19 int . car - night 19 in the silence of the car , Mary turn to John ... mary you know what I keep think when we be look at the house today ? JOHN it 's better than you sister 's ? mary ( laugh ) no ... JOHN we should put a mattress in that closet ? mary yeah ! no , I keep think it feel like a dream come true . Mary stop at a light . John look at she , the red light reflect off she eye . she 's serious . JOHN c'mere . she lean toward he , he kiss she hard . mary can we make it home first ? JOHN depend how fast you drive . the light change . mary goose the accelerator past the intersection , suddenly ... a large shape move into the headlight . a blur , too fast to see . mary suck in a cry , hit the brake , crank the wheel . the car slew sideways . her head slam against the side window , which spiderweb . JOHN fly forward . the seatbelt jerk he back . he fling out a arm to protect he wife . the car jolt toa stop . he see Mary slump forward against she seatbelt . she 's unconscious . { continued ) 19 20 21 22 continued : 19 JOHN ( cont 'd ) -- Mary -- he touch she gent.y . no response , although she 's breathe . JOHN ( cont 'd ) Mary ... come on ... Christ ... he 's afraid to move she . he pull out he cell phone , dial 911 , hand shaking . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( into the phone ) there 's be a accident ... he climb out of the car into ... the STREET 20 he go to the front of the car , dread what he might find . but nothing 's there . he check under the car . nothing . he stand in the street , look leave , right , forward . it 's strangely empty . in the background , a low hanging branch ten foot behind the car rustle in the breeze . the faint wail of a siren bleed in . int . hospital - night 21 John watch Mary behind a glass partition . she have be readied for a scan . she 's fully conscious now , she eye wide and scared . cat-scan screen dr . deborah mcelhone look at the image of mary brain . John look on , worried . dr . mcelhone we be do the cat - scan to make sure there 's no swell or bleed ... dissolve to : int . hospital cubicle - night 22 Mary be groggy , bandage on she nose . John hold she hand ... JOHN you okay ? ( continued ) 22 23 continued : 22 mary yeah , I be okay ... but she 's not . she stare off , pre-occupy , remote . finally , she look at he : mary ( cont 'd ) you do not see it , do you . . JOHN see what ? Mary hold he gaze for a beat , then look away . mary nothing . John 's hand tighten on hers . JOHN what do you see ? Mary do not answer . JOHN ( cont 'd ) a animal ? she shake she head . JOHN ( cont have ) what ? silence . JOHN ( cont have ) there be nothing , I look . Mary turn away , she eye tense and worried . JOHN ( cont 'd ) honey ... mary John ... there 's something wrong with I . int . hospital - waiting room - later 23 John doze in a chair . Dr. mcelhone place a hand on he shoulder ; he snap awake . dr . mcelhone Mr. klein ? we need to talk ... 24 25 ext . hospital / doctor' office - night 24 through the outside window into dr . mcelhone 's office ... we see John and Mary sit at dz. mcelhone 's desk , as she talk to they . after a long moment John slowly put he arm around he wife . int . hospital - waiting room - night 25 John see Mary 's parent , woodrow and RUTH dunning , rush in carry overnight bag . RUTH where be she ? JOHN she just go in for radiation treatment . woodrow Radiation ? already ? John 's voice be shaky , everything be happen too fast . JOHN they have to shrink it down as much as possible before the surgery tomorrow -- RUTH -- tomorrow ? my God -- woodrow -- okay . so they be do surgery . so it 's operable , right ? JOHN yeah . it be . woodrow good . that 's good ... JOHN -~ they be bring in a neurosurgeon from johns hopkins , he 's one of the best . suddenly , tear roll down John 's face . woodrow awkwardly put a arm around John . woodrow it 's go to be fine ... she 's go to be fine ... 26 27 28 10 . ext . hospital - morning 26 in the cold blue morning light , snowflake fall on the bare tree outside the hospital . int . recovery room - several day later - morning 27 Mary 's hair be go and she head be bandage from surgery , but she 's more awake and alert than the last time we see she . John sit with she , a yellow pad in he hand . JOHN ( recite a list ) ..- and a snow suit for little Gary - I will call Jane and Doug to check the size . ( beat ) I think that 's everybody . mary be you sure you can do all this ? have the store wrap everything for you , okay ? JOHN would you stop ? it 's fine . I can handle this . there 's a long silence . then : mary John ... I be sorry . JOHN about what ? mary about all this . I feel like I ruin everything . John look at she ; she 's talk about a lot more than just Christmas . he take she hand and smile . JOHN you have not ruin a damn thing . int / ext . car - drive - night 28 John drive home lose in think , retrace the exact route they drive on the night of the accident . he pass the construction site , the clock tower , the bird sanctuary . he drive slowly , peer out the windshield , look for something , a reflection , a tricky shadow - whatever it be Mary see that make she hit the brake . ( continued ) 28 29 30 11 . continued : 28 as he roll toward the exact spot , he see the low hanging tree branch , stop the car , get out . ext . STREET - night 29 thick black skid mark scar the street underneath the branch . John try a experiment . he get in the car , back up forty yard , gun the accelerator . suddenly , he slam the brake , crank the wheel . the car slew sideways - he be pull up short by the seatbelt . his face never even get near the window . he sit back . tug on the shoulder harness . it lock up . so why do not it lock up for Mary ? he climb out of the car , search the street - search for a answer , a reason . what do she see ? John stand behind the branch and squint he eye : the branch blur and two distant red construction light shine like eye , form the impression of a large loom figure - be that it ? John walk to the front of the car . that 's when he notice something on the front bumper . something he miss completely the night of the accident ... qt it . the bumper be scorched black . int . hospital cafeteria - night 30 camera track along a chrome counter top , past stack of plate , cup of coffee ... JOHN ( o.s. ) it 's call a glioblastoma multiforma . temporal lobe tumor . very aggressive . ed ( 0.s. ) Jesus Christ ... JOHN ( 0.s. ) accord to Dr. mcelhone it 's very rare . strike one in 600,000 . you have get a better chance of catch the plague . camera come to rest behind John and Ed sit at the counter . now we can see they face in a large mirror behind the pie rack . John be gray with luck of sleep . he force out the next word : ( continued ) 30 31 32 12 . continued : 30 JOHN ( cont have ) the doctor say with a tumor like this , most people never make full recovery . ed be there anything else they can do ? JOHN they do surgery , but could not get it all . they 'il keep give she chemo as long as she 's strong enough . so far it 's work , she 's look a lot better , she spirit be high . ed do they say it 's a result of the accident ? JOHN no , turn out ... it 's be there a while . ed John , if there 's anything I can do . John just shake he head . Ed look at he friend . for the first time , John look fragile , truly lose . John stare into the middle - distance . JOHN Three day ago we be house-hunt . last week I be up all night worried that I no bounce the cable check . it 's like one day , you be drive in you car and the universe just point at you and say , '' ah , there you be . the happy couple . I have be look for you . '' CUT to : new angle 31 facing John and Ed at the counter . the camera slowly pull back , through the pie , back through the mirror itself . John and Ed darken as we pull back , further and further into this impossible vantage point until ... they disappear . dissolve to : ext . JOHN and mary 's apartment - night 32 a square of warm yellow light glow in the night - it 's the window to the dining room . Christmas Eve . from outside , we ( continued ) 32 33 34 13 . continued : 32 watch John , Ruth and woodrow finish last minute preparation and sit down for a meal . int . JOHN and mary apartment - night 33 angle from atop the Christmas tree . they all join hand around the table . RUTH ( praying ) ... we be grateful for this meal , and so grateful that Mary will be home with we tomorrow , for Christmas dinner . everyone amen . angle from table . Ruth look at John . he do he best to smile . the look of hope on Ruth 's face be too much . RUTH what time be we pick she up ? JOHN they say sometime late morning , after she chemo . but Ruth , you know it 's just for a few hour , if she 's strong enough . RUTH I know ... they start to eat in silence . suddenly , the phone ring ... they all look at each other , motionless . John move into the kitchen . JOHN ( cont have ) hello ? John have he back to Ruth and woodrow . we watch he face . dr . mcelhone ( 0.s. ) John ? it 's Dr. mcelhone . ( beat ) Mary have a seizure . we be try to relieve the pressure ... int . hospital - night 34 we track behind John as he run frantically ' own long corridor . suddenly he stop : Dr. mcelhone = : stand with she head bow , the answer be write on she face . and he know ... 35 36 37 14 . int . hospital - mary room - night 35 John slowly enter then pull back a curtain , he face full of fear . Mary lie motionless on a bed . John move slowly towards she , he entire self somehow diminish . he sit at she side and grip Mary 's hand like he 'il never let she go . his shoulder tremble with sharp inconsolable sob . he lean in close and press he lip to she white lifeless face ; a kiss that will have to last he a lifetime . ext . hospital - later 36 snow fall . a square of warm yellow light glow in the night - it 's the window to the wait area . from outside , we see : Ruth , who can barely stand , hold onto John . she let out a silent wail of grief ; woodrow watch they , unable to comprehend what have happen . they image blur as we rack focus from the window , move back through layer of falling snowflakes . dissolve to : int . mary hospital room - morning 37 the bed be empty . John slowly pack Mary 's belonging into a red overnight case . he do not know how to do this . what about the toothbrush ? the lipstick ? he pick up she dress , smell it . his eye close . orderly ( 0.s. ) she know . John open he eye , puzzle . a middle - age orderly stand in the doorway . the man smile shyly at he . orderly ( cont 'd ) she be draw angel . John say nothing . the man move away . but now John see the notepad next to the phone . he reach for it . John 's face darken . it 's not a angel . the notepad : a mad scribble of a figure , its bulg eye color red with Mary 's lipstick . what be it ? John flip the page . there it be again , and again , page after page of Mary 's ( continued ) 37 38 39 40 15 . continued : 37 obsessive drawing : man-lik i i giant wing grow from its back . CUT to ext . bench - lafayette park - day 38 the tree be leafless and the ground muddy . mittened jogger , dog walker pass in front of a partial view of the White House . John be sit on a bench with he back to we . he look as though he 's be there a long time , as though he may sit there forever . the camera begin to close in on he back . John sense something . he whip around and glare straight at we . the camera stop short . John see nothing , he face relax . he turn forward again . the camera start easing toward he again . and very faintly now come the hint of a rustle . wings. louder . John strain to hear . he slowly scan leave , right . nothing . the camera be right behind he now . he can not hear anything . not even the sudden whoosh , the single flap as the camera lift off behind he , rise , leave John down below , smaller , smaller , until he 's just another unremarkable human dot in the park . fade to black . title super : eleven month later - fade in to : 39 ext . electronics store - night 40 we be watch a bank of tv monitor through the window of a electronics store . Christmas decoration light the foreground . on it , John klein address Tim russert on '' meet the Press '' . under JOHN there be a super- title : John klein Washington Post . we move in through the window towards the monitor and hear John talk : JOHN ..- I think what we see this year be a apathetic electorate . interest in the campaign be low and voter turn - out be the worst in forty year . ( continued ) 40 41 16 . continued : 40 tim russert could not that just be a sign of voter satisfaction ? people do not feel the need for big change . JOHN I do not think so , Tim . I think people be -- very unsatisfy with they situation . and what make they so complacent be that they do not see any viable option for improvement . Rather than endorse the status quo , they decide they have rather just stay home and be leave alone . as the monitor play John 's interview , move into crackle electric pixel and we : dissolve to : int . WASHINGTON post newsroom - day 41 pull back from tv screen to see : John 's face ~- he 's watch himself on tv . Ed and other staff member look over he shoulder . tim russert be there anybody out there you think could fill out the bottom of the ticket ? JOHN I have be hearing a lot of talk about Russ McCallum . tim russert the Governor of Virginia . JOHN right . he 's get the environmental record they need . if he 's go to throw he hat in the ring , look for he to announce by next week ... as the segment end , the staffer applaud . John laugh and take a bow . now we get a good look at John . he 's healthy , fit - but older . that confident sparkle be go from he eye . he wear the past year like it be ten . ed hey -- I tell she to watch . JOHN who ? ( continued ) 41 42 17 . continued : 41 ed Peter 's friend , gwen . sk. 's gonna be there tonight . JOHN oh , hey , look , I do not think I be gonna be able to make it . . ed be you kid I ? she 's gorgeous . believe I , this will take , like , no effort . John moan . ed ( cont would ) come on , you can not keep blow this off . JOHN I be not blow it off , I be interview the Governor , I have gotta be in Richmond at eight . Ed pull a pink message slip from he shirt pocket , hand it to John : ed almost forget . garrett knox call . the interview get bump to tomorrow night . John eye the message slip , stick . JOHN Ed , I do not know ... ed look : she 's not Mary , not by a mile . but you know what ? no one ever will be . you can not hold that against they . JOHN I can not ? Ed look at John ; he 's only half - joke . int . marrakesh restaurant - night 42 turkish dining . pillow on the floor and belly dancer . kitsch heaven to Ed , John 's idea of hell . with they : Ed 's partner peter , ( 39 ) , and gwen , ( 33 ) , pretty , friendly , sophisticated . ( continued ) 18 . 42 continued : 42 they all eat hot , marinate chicken with they hand : JOHN I gotta tell you , Ed , I spend three week in Turkey - it be not like this . ed well , it should have be . peter wait ' till he start dance . gwen ( to John ) when be you there ? JOHN * 88 . cover the earthquake . gwen I just miss you . I be there in ' 89 . peace Corps . John look at she , intrigue . a belly dancer rotate toward they , beckon Ed to join she . Ed downs he ouzo and struggle to he foot : ed my whole life have be lead to this moment . Ed pull Peter with he onto the dance floor . John smile at gwen . JOHN so you be in Istanbul ? gwen no , it be this tiny village - you can not even believe there be still place on earth like it . this family raise mountain goat - well , the man do - and then the woman use the hair to make the most beautiful blanket ... John smile . JOHN ambarat . gwen yes ! have you be there ? ( continued ) 42 43 19 . continued : ( 2 ) 42 JOHN it 's one of my three secret place . gwen smile at he , charme . JOHN ( cont 'd ) place I know I could go and be happy the rest of my life if I ever have to leave Washington for good ... his voice trail off . a woman with red hair step out onto the patio . John 's eye take on a distant look - Mary be always with he . gwen watch John , wait for he to continue . gwen so - where be the other two ? JOHN other what ? gwen place you could be happy . JOHN they be secret ! I will tell you this : the second one be very cold and you have to speak portuguese . gwen and the third ? JOHN I have not find it yet . ext . marrakesh restaurant - night 43 John and gwen walk from the restaurant to the valet station . a long graceful tracking shot remind we of John 's last happy evening with Mary . but tonight he 's with gwen . they hand they ticket to the valet . JOHN well . it be nice meeting you . gwen tierra del fuego . JOHN what ? ( continued ) 43 44 20 . continued : 43 gwen you second place . be I right ? John look at she : dark hair and eye , smooth white skin , warm smile . beautiful , smart , charming , funny ... gwen ( cont 'd ) if you can stand another cup of coffee ... I '' just a few block away . ... available . this woman be flawless . so why do John feel absolutely nothing ? JOHN that sound great . but ... John 's voice trail off . a awkward silence . the valet arrive with gwen 's car . she look at he expectantly : JOHN ( cont 'd ) look , I have get a early morning , so ... gwen okay . anyway , I really like talk to you . call I , okay ? John nod absently . gwen look at he , he thought be mile away . she get into she car and drive off . Ed and Peter come outside and find John alone , stare intently down the street : ed where would she go ? John mutter . JOHN I do not know . int . JOHN 's apartment - bedroom closet - night 44 a moth eat through a sweater in the dark . the closet door swing open . John 's hand reach in , pull a chain . a naked bulb burn white . John look restless , irritate . he yank a empty suitcase from the top shelf , send clothes and book cascade to the floor . as he gather they up , he 's pull up short by the sight of Mary 's red overnight case . it sit in the corner where he leave it almost a year ago . ( continued ) 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 21 . continued : 44 he bend to he knee , move he hand to the lock , hesitates , afraid to unlock the past . finally , he lift the 1 : and there , stare up at he be a reminder of all that he have lose . his hand touch she scarf , lipstick , a brush still twine with she red hair ... John close the case , slide it back into the corner . he grab he suitcase , throw it on the bed , jam in clothes . ext . WASHINGTON D.C. street - night 45 John drive quickly through empty street , cross the fourteenth street bridge . int . JOHN 's car - continuous '' 45 John be drive through the outskirt of Northern Virginia . JOHN {into cell phone ) hey , Ed . you be right . gwen be very nice . if you talk to she , tell she , uh ... I do not know . anyway , it 's about one o'clock . I be kind of wire , so I be head down to Richmond tonight , talk to you later . ext . JOHN be car - highway - night 47 John be speed down the interstate . traffic be thin . he pass under the lighted sign for richmond . his car drive on into the night . int . JOHN 's car - later 48 John squint , try to stay focus on the road as he drop down a crest into a fog bank . he flexe he brake . suddenly ... blink : Red light flash across the dashboard . the car stall . ext . JOHN 's car - moment later 49 the car drift out of the fog onto the shoulder and come to a stop . int / ext . JOHN be car - continuous 50 John try to restart the engine . ( continued ) 50 51 22 . continued : 50 JOHN come on , come on , come on ... he look around . a dark , empty road . it do not feel right . he glance in he mirror . he Pov : nothing behind he . not another pair of headlight . not even the interstate . John turn the key again . silence . not so much as the whine of the starter . he switch on the headlight . nothing . he punch up the radio : dead . so be the car phone . John smack he palm on the wheel . he take out he cell phone . it beep , shut down . drain . he look at he watch : 2:20 am . through the windshield distant lightning flicker hypnotically . it seem to be move from the ground up to the sky . JOHN , mystify , get out of he car . ext . country road - night 51 it 's a cold night , and he tuck he hand under he arm . he should put on he coat . the lightning flicker violently , a few mile away . but where be the thunder ? it 's silent , eerily silent , so quiet John can hear he heart beat . abruptly the lightning be extinguish . no star . no moon . no light at all . JOHN feel a surge of anxiety . he 's alone at night in the middle of nowhere . JOHN ( low whisper ) ..- okay . okay . John shrug on he overcoat and lock the car . he look up and down the road . nothing . he walk in darkness . now he hear a strange low rumble . what the hell be that ? the sound vibrate the road below he foot . finally , he catch sight of a porch light on a distant farmhouse . turn up he collar and plunging he hand in he pocket , John head toward it at a fast clip . 52 53 23 . ext . farmhouse - night 52 John bownrd onto the porch . the house be dark , except for a single : 1b. no use put it off : he knock on the door . wait . wait . a man open the door . John smile : _ JOHN hi . my car break down just up the road . May I use you phone ? the man stare at he , transfix . man t's he . this response make no sense to John . a woman step into view from the shadow behind the door ; she peer nervously at jonn as the man raise a gun : man ( cont 'd ) I have be wait for you , you son of a bitch . the man grab John by he lapel and haul he inside . the door shut hard . int . gordon smallwood 's house - bathroom - night 53 the man , gordon smallwood , ( 43 ) , hold he gun on ... JOHN , who stand dress in he overcoat in the smallwood 's mildewy , pink shower stall . Gordon be sit on the tank of the toilet , he foot on the close lid . he keep the gun steady with he elbow on he knee . JOHN look , I do not - gordon shut up . John shut up . the two man watch each other , hearing the tread of approach footstep . the woman - Gordon 's wife DENISE smallwood , ( 28 ) enter . DENISE honey , connie 's here . John straighten slightly as ( continued ) 53 24 . continued : 53 a woman enter , wear a sheriff 's deputy uniform under she unzip parka . she be sgt . connie parker , ( 32 ) - blond , with keen blue eye and a honest face . she calmly assess the scene : John be enormously relieved . connie okay gordy , why do not you put away the gun and tell I what 's go on . Gordon keep the gun train on John . connie place she hand on the barrel and point it to the floor . gordon this be the third night in a row he 's come around , this sonofabitch be stalking - we - JOHN - look , my car break down up the road , my name be John klein and I - connie - let 's let gordy finish , Mr. klein . Gordon speak with a disturbing edge of fear in he voice : gordon two night ago , at 2:30 , there 's this bang on the door . I get up , and here 's this guy , say he want to use the phone . but there 's something creepy about he , right ? so I tell he to get lose . no big deal . but last night , at 2:30 on the dot , guess who 's back ? connie you be sure it be Mr. klein here ? Gordon stare straight into John 's eye : gordon absolutely positive . JOHN ( under he breath ) this be crazy . Gordon have good ear . ( continued ) 25 . 53 continued : ( 2 ) 53 gordon ( sternly ) I be not crazy . JOHN I do not say - connie hold up a hand : connie ( to Gordon ) so then what ? gordon so last night I warn he off my property . I use the word '' trespass , '' connie . and he still come back . ( to John ) I have the right to shoot you on my porch . you be lucky I be a Christian . connie he would have actually have to be inside the house , Gordon . gordon Fine . so tonight I figure maybe the dumb fuck -~- connie ( sternly ) Gordon . gordon -- might come back again , and sure enough , here he be ! John turn to sgt. parker , take pain to demonstrate that he be the sanest person in the room . JOHN Officer , there must be some mistake . I have never be here before in my life , I have never see this people , I live in d.c . check my wallet . connie calmly reach into John 's pocket . she pull out he wallet , flip it open , spot he press pass . her eye jump to he face . connie the Washington Post . ( continued ) 53 54 55 26 . continued : ( 3 ) 53 JOHN do I have to keep stand in the shower ? int / ext . gordon 's front door - later 54 John follow connie to the door , not sure whether to be relieved or worried . connie you can wait for I outside , Mr. klein . John head through the door without a word . nothing make any sense to he . connie ( cont 'd ) ( to Gordon ) we will run a check on he . anyone else come by , forget the gun , okay ? just call I . gordon find out what he want . connie squeeze Gordon 's shoulder . he go to the doorway and watch JOHN stand beside parker 's patrol car . connie turn to denise . she pantomime tipping a bottle to she lip : have Gordon be drink ? denise shake she head no . connie so you do not actually see the guy yourself , do you ? before tonight ? DENISE no . but I hear the knock , three night in a row . ext . gordon 's house - continuous 55 John see they all step onto the porch . then , in spite of the odd circumstance , he watch as connie , Gordon and denise do a distinctly small - town thing : they all say a friendly good night to each other . hug . then , as connie walk towards John , Gordon shout : gordon you do not scare I ! 56 57 58 27 . int . patrol car - night 56 John sit next to connie in the front seat . connie pull out onto the empty road . connie I be give you a ride to town . unless you want to sleep in you car . I can call a tow for the morning . they pull up behind John 's car . connie you probably want to get you bag ? JOHN what ? connie you probably bring a bag . JOHN oh - he step out of the cruiser . ext . road - night 57 John cross the road , open he trunk , take out he weekender . he see connie on the two -way . he pass through she headlight , climb back in the prowler . int . prowler - night 58 he 's inside the car in time to hear the dispatcher over the two - way . dispatcher 's voice -- man 's clean as clorox , if you believe the computer . connie copy . thanks , avis . she click off , give John a little shrug , shift into drive . connie put it as plainly as she can : connie ( cont 'd ) you be a long way from d.c . what be you do here ? ( continued ) 58 28 . continued : 58 JOHN driving through . connie we be not on the way anyplace , Mr. klein . John be silent - he can not explain how he get here . he stare out the window . they be pass through dark , quiet little Point pleasant . population 6,000 . connie ( cont have ) relax . I recognize you . ( smile ) '' meet the Press . '' JOHN you see that ? connie we be not all bumpkin . connie steer into the parking lot of a chain motel . JOHN so I be not under arrest ? connie well , you do not steal anything , you do not hurt anyone , there 's no break and enter ... JOHN you have trouble with they before ? connie gordy and denise ? naw . they be good people , but ... she hesitates , she know she should not say this : connie ( cont would ) thing have be a little strange around here lately . she lean across he to open the door , but mostly to smell he breath . JOHN I guarantee I be sober . he climb out . ( continued ) 58 59 60 29 . continued : ( 2 ) 58 connie you still have not tell I what you be do here . in the middle of the night . John heft he bag . JOHN when I find out , I will let you know . ( beat ) where be I , anyway ? connie point to a sign : welcome to point pleasant . she watch he walk into the motel . int . motel - night 59 the sleepy , cranky night manager run John 's charge . John concentrate on the road map stretch out under the glass of the check - in counter . his finger trace Washington to Richmond , a straight shot of interstate , not more than 120 mile . the night manager return with John 's credit card . JOHN you think you could show I where we be on the map ? night manager we be right on the state line . John trace to the Virginia / West Virginia border . the night manager snort with disgust . tourist . spare he . night manager with Ohio . he stab a spot 400 mile away from John 's finger . Point pleasant be on the Ohio River . John 's finger hesitantly track the tiny spidery line from Richmond to Point pleasant . there 's not even a primary road between they . the room key clink down on the glass . JOHN keep stare at the map . it 's not possible . ext . motel - late 60 as John walk from the office to he room , we spot the prowler park across the street : connie be make note under the interior light . 61 62 63 64 30 . int . JOHN 's motel room - night 61 the room be dark . John jerk awake , disorient . he be asleep in he clothes on top of the bedspread , which he have cocoon around himself . he do not know where he be for a moment . then he hear it . faint breathing , someone breathing , something breathing . he reach for the bedside lamp and switch it on . the breathe stop . Silent now . just a dull , empty , standard issue motel room . John swing he leg off the bed and lean forward on he knee . bad dream . he stand up . his cell phone be recharging on the chair . he head for the bathroom for a glass of water . int . motel bathroom - continuous 62 John turn on the tap , splashes water on he face , look up , study he reflection . angle from behind the mirror . we pull back : John 's image be frame by the mirror . the sound of the run tap fade as he image recede , then disappear . fade to black : ext . otto 's car repair - point pleasant - afternoon 63 John be on he cell phone . in the background , otto 's head be bury under the hood of John 's car . JOHN {into phone ) .. look - even if I be do eighty the whole way it would have take six hour to get here ... intercut with ed fleischman at home : 64 ed what time do you leave d.c ? JOHN one o'clock . besides , my gas tank do not even get four hundred mile . it 's one thing to zone out while you be drive , but to stop for gas too ? ed John , I be sure there 's a logical explanation for all this . do not worry about you pal the Governor , I will cover you . ( continued ) 64 continued : 64 John see otto slam the hood on he car . JOHN thanks , Ed . uh , listen , I get to go . otto she 's run fine , Mr. klein , I can not find a damn thing wrong with she . JOHN how much do I owe you ? otto nothing . I say I could not find anything wrong . this town just keep get weirder and weirder ... John spot Gordon smallwood and another man load produce onto a truck across the street . John toss he weekender into the back seat and walk quickly towards Gordon . Gordon eye John warily , arm fold across he chest . JOHN ( smoothly ) Mr. smallwood , will you accept my apology ? I be afraid I might have be a little rude last night . Gordon nod stoically . JOHN ( cont would ) listen , you be sure it be I who come by that last two night , huh ? gordon look , mister , connie call I this morning , say you check out , and that 's good enough for I . I be perfectly willing to let it go . but I do not drink anymore and I do not lie and as far as I know , I be not crazy , so if you be accuse I - John pull Gordon aside . JOHN -- no , no , not at all . ( confidentially ) here 's the thing : I do not know how I end up here last night . I do not even ( more ) ( continued ) 64 65 66 67 68 69 32 . continued : ( 2 ) 64 JOHN ( cont would ) know I be in West Virginia . somehow , between one and two - thirty last night I travel four hundred mile , end up on that road , and I have no memory of it whatsoever . gordon you shittin’ I ? JOHN no , I wish I be . Long awkward silence . John shake Gordon 's hand goodbye and walk back to he car . int . JOHN be car - continuous 65 John pull onto the road . as he circle past Gordon , they eye lock for a moment . ext . JOHN nos car - highway - dusk 66 John leave town the way he come in . he pass a sign read : '' Point pleasant City limit '' ext . gordon smallwood 's house - night 67 the distant farmhouse be dark except for a single bulb lighting the porch . no one be visible inside . a man' arm rise into the frame his watch read 2:15 a.m . we pull back and see : John 's face reflect in he car 's rear view mirror . he 's stake out Gordon 's farmhouse from the the wood across the road . ext . wood - continuous 68 the high grass bend as something move menacingly towards the back of John 's car . int / ext . JOHN be car - continuous 69 John cock he ear . a rustling sound . something be come towards he , slowly , steadily . he scan around , it 's dark , too dark to see . a suv roll quietly up beside he , headlight off . connie I be afraid I have see you here . ( continued ) have ont +g - ft tg oa * erm '' Une cone now — ay 70 70 71 72 34 . continued : 70 connie just you odd report , folk see thing they can not explain . so they all come to I . JOHN I have have a few odd moment of my own since last night . if there 's other people in town feel as confuse as I be right now , I would sure like to know . there 's something in he voice or he face or maybe both ... connie okay . in the last few month people have come up to I and report see strange thing ... and I be not talk about the town speed - freak , I '' talk about honest , hard - work , church - go folk . I have know this people they whole life , and they seem downright embarrassed to be bring it up . JOHN bring what up ? connie it 's hard to explain . JOHN try I . smashcut to : int . / ext . police station - night 71 row of florescent light pop on , one after another . connie lock the glass front door behind she and John . CUT to : a stack of report ( later ) 72 spread across a desk . photo , eyewitness report , map , phone record ... connie weird light , strange phone call , ghost , you . you name it . John flip through the report . ( continued ) 72 73 74 75 76 35 . continued : 72 connie ( cont have ) see a ufo be one thing . it 's almost a status symbol nowadays . but what do you do when someone walk in and tell you this show up in they backyard ? she toss a sketch across the desk . John pick it up . and almost pass out . it 's a draw , of a man , with huge bug - flashcut to : john' memory : 73 a yellow pad with Mary 's identical sketch . flashcut to : accident site in D.C. 74 the low hanging branch with red light for eye fly rapidly towards we . Mary 's draw and the branch superimpose , and for a split second , John see it : mothman . back at the police station : 75 John 's face be white . JOHN who see this ? connie a couple of people . JOHN I want to meet they . I need to talk to they . can you help I ? connie look into he eye : he 's dead serious . ext . lucy griffin '’s house - day 76 John wait in the patrol car while ... on the porch : connie talk to lucy griffin , ( 53 ) , a tough , chubby woman with bright red cheek . after a moment , connie look back at John and nod . 77 78 36 . int . lucy griffin 's kitchen - later 77 John and connie drink coffee at the kitchen table with Lucy and she son nat griffin , ( 24 ) , a slacker live at home with he mom . nat it 's be go on about a month , every Wednesday night at the poison plant . John look a question at connie : '' poison plant ? '' connie the hill around the alanco chemical factory . it 's a make - out spot . nat ( smile ) use to be . now we just watch the light . JOHN what light ? nat I do not know , man , just this weird light zipping around in the sky . JOHN what do you think they be ? how would you describe they ? nat nobody know , dude , the sky 's just totally freaking out . JOHN only wednesday ? nat that 's when they seem to show up . Lucy refill they coffee cup . connie take out the bird - man sketch : connie Lucy , would you mind tell Mr. klein about the time you see this ? ext . backyard 78 they all stand near a blue pine tree that tower over the yard and house : ( continued ) 78 719 80 continued : 37 . 78 Lucy it be right here . there be only a foot or so between its head 4 that branch so to st make it , what , e. -t foot tall ? I be do dish and I just happen to look out the kitchen window . ext . backyard - night - flashback - mothman 's Pov 79 we descend into the back yard , landing under the blue pine tree . we watch Lucy through the kitchen window . she stare back at.us , mesmerize . lucy ( v.0o . ) at first , all I could see be this two red eye . I keep on look at it , I could not stop . I have never have that feel before , like I could not move . the only way I can explain be that the whole thing just be not right . I know that may not make sense , but that 's the only way I can put it into word . back to scene ( present time - lucy backyard ) 80 camera rise , peer down at Lucy , John , connie and nat : Lucy ( cont no ) then , I guess it see I too , ' cause all of a sudden this giant wing just flare out and it take off . JOHN ( to nat ) do you see it too ?... nat shake he head no . John 's eye fix on something . he walk over to the tree , reach out he hand , touch it . he run he finger along the tree bark - a large section be scorched black . JOHN ( cont 'd ) Mrs. griffin , I do not mean to pry , but ... have you have any headache or blackout or anything like that recently ? lucy ( smile ) you think maybe I have a brain tumor ? John 's jaw almost hit the ground . connie explain : ( continued ) 38 . 80 continued : 80 connie Lucy 's a radiologist out at St. Joseph 's Hospital . lucy no symptom yet , Mr. klein . but it be sweet of you to ask . 81 int . FIRE station 51 - late afternoon 81 FIRE chief josh jessup , ( 55 ) , a stout bulldog of a man sit with John and connie in the fire station while , in the background , he man scrub the fire truck . josh I guess they start about two month ago , the strange phone call . all hour . the first one be just a loud beep - noise . now it 's mostly creak , howling sound - and once , it be a man talk really fast in some foreign language . maybe swedish or something like that . JOHN have you have the line check ? josh ( nod ) I even have we number change . but before I get a chance to give it out to anyone the call start again . John glance at connie : be she buy this ? 82 int . patrol car - dusk 82 John sit beside connie , read through she report . JOHN so - do you think Lucy and josh really experience anything ? connie ( shrug ) like I say , they be honest people . John stare out the window : low blue hill roll out in all direction , light by brilliant winter light . JOHN how long have you live here ? ( continued ) 82 83 84 85 39 . continued : 82 connie my whole life . grew up just over that hill . JOHN a farm ? connie shucks no . a real live house . indoor plumbing and everything . JOHN sorry . connie we even have shoe for church and schoolin’ and such . JOHN ( laugh ) alright , alright . connie glance over : this be the first time he 's smile since they meet . he look five year young - a whole different person . ext . back road - night 83 the prowler 's headlight illuminate a rusted chain with a sign : '' road close - no trespassing '' connie climb out , pull the chain aside , drive through . ext . deserted dirt road - later 84 connie point a flashlight as John and two teenager , c.j. ( 17 ) and holly ( 14 ) , walk up the crest of a small hill . one of c.j. 's eye be slightly puffy with a blotch of red . c.j . we be park up here and sort of make out in the back seat ... flashback - ext . deserted dirt road - night 85 it 's a starlit , moonless night . c.j. and Holly be naked from head to toe , humping wildly in the back seat of he white chevy impala . from beneath they heavy panting , a low electronic hum rumble . flesh grope . the rumble slowly rise . suddenly , a searing red light ( continued ) 85 86 40 . continued : 85 from fifty yard away flood the back seat . c.d. 's head pop up to look through the rear window . the light blind he , he cover he eye . c.j. ( cont would ) oh , shit , it 's the cop ! but it 's not a police car , it 's a massive wall of scorching red light hover over the back window . cj and Holly stare up , terrify . Holly try to shield she face with she hand and blouse . that 's when she see the mothman : she hand form tremble wing , red light pour through button hole form two demonic eye . holly oh my god ! oh my god ! Holly let out a blood curdle scream . suddenly , a loud whoosh . the light ascend into the night sky . back to scene ( ext . deserted dirt road - night ) 86 Holly be shaking . c.j. hold she close . c.j . - the next thing we know , it 's go . just like that . we get the hell out of there . next day , both my eye nearly swell shut . JOHN what do the doctor say ? c.d . he could not explain it . ( point at he eye ) this one never heal . JOHN how long ago be this ? holly about two month . they stand in the circle of connie 's flashlight . all we hear be the sound of four people breathe . connie lean in close to Holly . ( continued ) 41 . 86 continued : 86 connie ( gently ) Holly , I want you to show Mr. klein what you show I . Holly turn to c.j. he look away . blush , she start to unbutton she blouse . she turn around as she slip it off she shoulder . connie bring up she flashlight . on Holly 's back , a painfully scorched patch of burned red skin . John step closer to see it . connie look at John - do you have enough proof now ? 87 ext . JOHN be motel - night 87 neon light , dead tree branch , phone wire . we hear John 's voice ... 88 int . JOHN 's motel room - continuous 88 John 's laptop be open as he talk to a clipping service : JOHN ( into phone ) ..- I be go to need everything you can find concern unexplain event in West Virginia ... weird light , sighting , yeah , yeah , that kind of research . go back about ten year , make it twenty . you have my e-mail -- okay ? thanks . John hang up and the cell phone immediately ring . JOHN ( cont would ) hello ? 89 intercut with ed at the WASHINGTON post : 89 ed where the hell be you ? JOHN I be still here . ed West Virginia ? JOHN yeah , well , something 's come up . John open he day-runner and remove ... a weathered old polaroid : John and Mary on the beach in Hawaii . they ( continued ) 89 90 42 . continued : 89 honeymoon . both young , both smile ; blessedly ignorant of the future and happy for all time in that one split- second of life . ed you be kid , something of national interest in West Virginia ? JOHN no ... scientific . I will tell you about it later .. ed cy be beginning to look rabid . JOHN well , keep he at bay . ed by the way , I ace you buddy , the Governor -- but do not worry , he still love you . JOHN ( preoccupy ) thanks . ed you okay ? you sound stress . JOHN I be fine , ed. I x11 call you . John hang up , place the picture in the mirror frame over the desk where he can always see it . ext . connie parker' house - night 90 John stand on the front porch in the light of a single bulb . he ring the doorbell . a young boy open the door . it 's kevin parker , ( 7 ) , connie 's son . he look straight into John 's eye like he 's know he forever . kevin you be John klein . for a moment , John be speechless . Kevin then turn and shout into the house : kevin ( cont 'd ) Mom , it 's that guy . ( continued ) 91 43 . continued : 90 we hear connie shout back from the kitchen : wie ( 0.s. ) well intro ; .: yourself and invite he in . Kevin stick out he hand : kevin I be Kevin parker . JOHN ( shake he hand ) glad to meet you Kevin . int . connie 's kitchen table - night 91 John and connie have finish they meal . Kevin play in the next room . JOHN connie , I want to thank you for help I out today . you put yourself on the line for I . I appreciate it . connie I be not go to end up read about all this in the Washington Post , be I ? this be not exactly the kind of thing we want to be know for . John look up ; she 's smile , but she 's also dead serious . JOHN no. believe I . it 's not the kind of story we usually cover . they laugh together . then , a beat of silence . John pour the last of a beer -- half into she glass , half into he . JOHN ( cont have ) say , do you have a video camera ? she give he a curious look : be this some kind of kinky come on ? connie yes . why ? 92 44 . ext . hilltop path - night 92 a cold , clear night . John and connie follow Kevin up a wood path . connie 's camcorder hang from John 's neck . connie ..- he life up near Pittsburgh , do some contracting . Kevin see he a couple time a year . JOHN Kevin must miss he . connie yeah , he do . Kevin lead the way , just a few step ahead of they . connie do she best to make this next sound nonchalant : connie ( cont 'd ) and you ? probably dating some pretty young congressional aide ? JOHN not exactly . ( a deep breath , then : ) I be marry ... and uh ... John search for the right word . Kevin turn and stop . JOHN ( cont would ) ..- my wife die about a year ago . connie I be sorry . kevin ( solemn ) how do she die ? JOHN she get really sick , Kevin . it be pretty unexpected . Kevin nod , understanding . connie I be sorry . Kevin turn he head towards the hilltop , point he flashlight . people be gather there . 93 4s . ext . hilltop clearing -- ntght 93 John and connie follow ke : 1 to the summit that overlook the vast acreage of the alancc hemical plant . about twenty people : kid , parent , teenager , a few senior citizen mill about amiably . somewhere , a car radio play . there be no fire and no light . John , connie and Kevin wander among they . John see Gordon smallwood sit alone on the hood of he truck . they nod hello . voice ( 0.s. ) hey , look who 's here ... John turn . in the dark , it take he a minute to recognize nat griffin and he mother , Lucy . lucy ( shiver excitedly ) get cold , here , want some coffee ? she hand John and connie styrofoam cup . nat in a week or so we will have to watch from we car . JOHN be it like this every Wednesday ? nat naw , this be the most people so far . connie where would Kevin go ? lucy he 's over there . John and connie wander off to the edge , look out over the chemical plant . they watch Kevin play nearby . connie do you feel like talk about what happen to you wife ? JOHN Mary die last year on Christmas Eve . she have a brain tumor . we do not know , but there be a car accident one night and they give she a x-ray and find it . the ( more ) ( continued ) 93 94 46 . continued : 93 JOHN ( cont would ) night we have the accident she see something , and she draw a picture of it . it be a giant bird - man with wing and red eye . connie oh my God . John turn to she and look into she eye : JOHN I would pretty much forget that part of thing until you show I that sketch ... dissolve to : the hilltop - a hour later 94 the group have dwindle to to about ten people . John and connie sit on a blanket . Kevin be asleep at she side . nat griffin point he video camera to the sky , just above the horizon : nat look , there they be ! suddenly , excitement ripple through the remain spectator . John and connie stand up . the camcorder lie forget at John 's foot . red and blue pinpoint of light hover in the sky . Big deal . it could be a airplane .... the light collapse in on each other and plummet straight down into the river , disappear at the horizon where the water meet the sky . more pair of light appear . now some of they spin around each other , and the after image look like a DNA spiral fall to the earth . John watch spellbound as the flicker light spin and fall . the effect be hypnotic , eerie , dizzying , disorient ... JOHN my God . wide shot : John and connie face the camera . in the background , several other spectator look on . ( continued ) 47 . 94 continued : 94 spectator # 1 i_do not see it , I do not see it , where be spectator # 2 right there , gold and purple light . John squint . JOHN owhisper to connie ) do you see it ? connie yeah , I see something . JOHN what do you see ? connie I see spin ... John unconsciously take she hand ... JOHN I too . what color ? connie Blue and red . JOHN how many light ? connie thirty , maybe more . John and connie stare up at the light like kid at a magic show . then John realize that he 's hold she hand . they glance at each other and John let go , embarrassed . John 's eye shift down to ... the red and blue light reflect off the water . but for a moment , it almost seem as if the light be come from the water -- and shine into the sky . John steal a glance back at connie -- she 's still look at he . and smile . 95 int . bookstore - day 95 John step up to the checkout counter . in he hand , a a hing unseen ; a rationale for unexplain phenomena '' Albert leek . 96 97 48 . ext . electronics store - day 96 through a window decorate with Christmas light , we see a bank of tv monitor -- similar to the storefront we see earlier when John be on CNN . inside the store : 97 John be shopping for a answer machine . suddenly , a hand land on John 's shoulder . it 's Gordon smallwood -- and he look scared : gordon Mr. klein -- I gotta talk to you ... John back up , wary of the fear in Gordon 's face . gordon ( cont 'd ) ( confidential ) last night I wake up with the worst headache I have ever have in my life ... so I go to the bathroom to get some aspirin , and I happen to look in the mirror -- and I swear to God , I see something I can not describe -- but sure as hell know it 's not my reflection . John look worried . gordon ( cont ‘d ) then it go away . I can not explain it , but I just keep stare , tell this thing ... to show up again . but all I see be I . Gordon look around nervously , make sure no one else can hear this . gordon ( cont no ) and then I hear this sound , like a weird howl come out of the sink . then it 's a voice ... and it 's say : '' do not be afraid . ninety - nine will die . Denver nine . '' I even write it down ... Gordon pull a wrinkle piece of paper from he shirt pocket and fiddle with it . gordon ( cont ’d ) it keep say the same thing , over and over , for a hour . then it stop . ( continued ) 97 98 49 . continued : 97 Gordon peer at John , feel sure John must think he 's lose he mind -- but John encourage he to go on . gordon ( cont ’d ) and when I look in the mirror , I can not see anything . not even my own reflection . ( pause ) then this morning when I wake up , I look at the paper where I write down the word , and this be on it . he hand John the crumpled piece of paper . beneath the word , '' do not be afraid . ninety - nine will die . Denver nine '' be a sketch . it 's crude , but unmistakable : a_man with huge eye and wing . JOHN ( point at sketch ) you do not remember see this thing ? gordon no , and it scare the shit out of I . John stare at the page , puzzle : JOHN Denver nine ... Denver nine ... any idea what that mean ? Gordon shake he head no . as they head out of the store , John 's eye narrow . JOHN ( cont have ) Gordon ... John put he hand on Gordon 's shoulder . JOHN ( cont have ) Gordon , you ear 's bleed . gordon what ? Gordon bring he hand to he ear . blood be trickle along he jaw from inside he ear . Gordon gaze down at he hand . his stricken eye dart to John . ext . estab . shot - ST . joseph 's hospital - day 98 a professional - look hospital , in a town clearly bigger than Point pleasant . 99 50 . int . cat - scan lab - ST . joseph 's hospital - day 99 dr . william sit with John , Gordon and denise . Gordon be pitch forward , a bundle of nerve , fearful . the doctor point at : a luminous cat scan of a human brain . dr . william the cat 's scan 's clean , Gordon , no sign of any physical problem . DENISE thank God . gordon you be sure ? because this man 's wife , she have a brain tumor ... DENISE ( softly ) Gordon , please ... dr . william what you have be a first class migraine . I can write you a prescription . DENISE thank you doctor , that would be very kind of you -- JOHN -- Dr. Williams , there be other symptom . he hear voice . there be visual hallucination . that symptom be both associate with glioblastoma multiforma . dr . william they be also associate with migraine . there be nothing here to suggest something as exotic as glioblastoma multiforma . ( to Gordon ) if you would like , I can refer you to another neurologist for a second opinion , but -- Gordon shake he head , confuse and dismay . he grab denise and they all leave . gordon ( mutter ) I do not feel right . something 's wrong ... 100 101 102 103 51 . ext . SI 'ver bridge - dusk 100 from high above : Gordon 's pick - up truck streak across the 700 foot steel bridge , a antique engineering marvei from the 1920 that span the Ohio River . int / ext . gordon 's truck / silver bridge - continuous 101 John watch Gordon and denise : Gordon look straight ahead , one hand on the wheel , the other clutching denise 's hand on the seat between they . she 's put up a good front , hide she concern . John let he eye drift down to the Ohio River rush beneath the bridge . int . coffee shop - night 102 Gordon , denise and John sit together at a booth . Gordon look frighten . DENISE hey -- it be good news , right ? you be not sick . that 's good . gordon I wish I be sick , then I would know why this be happen to I . DENISE do not say thing like that , Gordon . gordon I be lose it . I be hallucinate , hearing voice , my ear 's bleed . ( to John ) be you wife hearing voice before she tumor ? John do not answer . his attention be rivete across the room . John stand . he move deliberately across the diner . all the SOUND drain out of the room . John cross the counter and slowly raise he hand in the air . the blue glow of the tv tints he fingertip as he turn up the volume . tv monitor - a news update graphic 103 newsman ..- again , we top story of the hour : airwest flight number 9 out of Denver have crash ... 104 105 52 . back to scene 104 John turn and look at the booth . denise cover she mouth in horror . Gordon stand up . his eye lock with John 's . newsman ( 0.s ) ( cont 'd ) there be no confirmation , but all ninety - nine passenger and crew member be believe dead . JOHN 's face freeze , shocked - this can not be true ! one look at Gordon tell he that it be . int . john' motel room - evening 105 a phone cord stretch across a rumple bedspread , shopping bag , book , note , photo and other research item . - JOHN {into phone ) May I speak to Albert leek , please ? the voice that come on the line be scratchy and distant . leek ( 0.s. ) this be leek . JOHN my name be John klein and I be work on a pretty strange story , and I think you might be able to help I . silence on the line . John 's hand rest on leek 's book : '' thing unseen '' . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I have be read you book , and I be especially interested in you theory about prophecy -- leek ( 0.s . ) -- anything you want to know be in the book . John press on : JOHN yeah , but this chapter on the entity you call ... ( flip through book ) ( continued ) 105 106 107 108 53 . continued : 105 leek ( 0.s . ) -- be you contact , or be you pz ztend to have a professional interest ? JOHN yeah , no , I be a reporter for the Washington Post . leek ( 0.s. ) well , I be sorry Mr. klein I do not work in that area anymore . JOHN I do not understand ... leek ( 0.s. ) the research do not prove viable . - JOHN what do you mean ? click . dial tone . ext . alanco chemical plant - afternoon 106 Gordon hurry to he car in the plant 's parking lot , look awful . a foreman stand in the background , look at he watch and narrowing he eye . int . gordon smallwood be house - kitchen - dusk 107 denise sit at the table , she face distraught . the sound of a clock echoe through the quiet house . JOHN ( v.0 ) denise seem pretty worried about he . you hear a voice , that 's one thing ... int . connie parker 's kitchen - night 108 connie watch John pace back and forth , hold leek 's book . JOHN ( cont 'd ) -+- but this be not just a message , it be a prediction that come true . connie be this thing Gordon 's have hallucination or dream ? ( continued ) 108 109 110 54 . continued : 108 JOHN the way he describe they , they sound like dream , but ... I do not know . he believe they be real . connie I have a dream last night . it feel real to I . JOHN oh yeah ? connie 's face darken ; just think about it scare she . he can see she want to tell he . he wait . connie ... it be nighttime , and I be in the middle of the ocean , I be try to swim . but I be too cold . I look for something I could hold onto . there be Christmas present float all around I , wrap up and tie with bow . I try to grab they but they keep pop away . like cork . John listen intently as we ... smashcut to : the nightmare - liquid surface - her Pov 109 brightly wrap gift bob at eye-level against a steel gray sky ... below , water _is glow , pinpoint of light shine from the depth . connie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and somehow I know I be die ... back to scene : 110 connie continue ... connie ( cont 'd ) then I hear this loud voice - like someone shouting in my ear : '' wake up , number 37 ! '' and I wake up . ( shiver ) what do you think that mean ? ( more ) ( continued ) 110 111 55 . continued : 110 connie ( cont would ) ( beat ) '' number 37 '' ? JOHN ( ponder ) honestly , I have absolutely no idea . she snort out a weak laugh . John smile . John barely notice Kevin stand at he knee . kevin ( quietly ) you wanna play ? John look at connie : do Kevin hear all that ? she shrug , then : John follow Kevin into the de . we stay on connie : she watch they get along like John 's be around forever . a lot of strange thing have turn up in Point pleasant recently . on connie 's face , we can see that not all of they be bad ... ext . point pleasant church - next day 111 the service be let out , and churchgoer head down the front step . among they be connie -- and John . he look like he have not be in a church in year . as they move away from the other , they notice DENISE stand nervously at the bottom of the step . connie denise ? DENISE I do not mean to bother you , connie , but it 's Gordon . as she step closer to connie , she can see that denise have be cry . connie be you okay ? denise avoid she eye , carefully phrasing she next remark : DENISE I do not understand what 's happen to he . if word get out that Gordon 's , you know , '' hearing voice '' ... I need someone to go talk to he . 112 113 114 56 . ext . gordon smallwood be farm - night 112 gordon and JOHN walk slowly around the farm . Gordon have a newspaper tuck under he arm . gordon I meet he . the guy who tell I about the plane crash . : JOHN you meet he ? John be stunne -- but completely hook : gordon yeah . last night , just about midnight . I be drive past the scrap yard by the unfinish highway ... flashcut to : int . gordon 's truck - unfinished hwy ( gordon 's story ) 113 Gordon drive he pick - up truck along the narrow two - lane highway . gordon ( v.o. ) ( cont have ) I be drive along when all of a sudden this bright flash of lightning ... a horizontal spiral of lightning cross in front of he truck . Gordon pull off the road . ext . unfinished hwy - gordon 's truck - stop 114 Gordon peer out through the passenger window , face the camera . behind gordon , we see a ominous vague figure approach the driver side window from across the road . it have the general characteristic of a man . the figure tap on the glass . gordon spin around , gasp . the man stare at Gordon . we can barely see the outline of a face . ( continued ) ray KB wo '' man 's mouth move , ie's Gordon 's voice we hear : un es gordon i , 8 . ) {cont ! a} took G bunan , b there be use back £o scene : ( gordon : '' earmhouse - night ) 115 gordon ( cont 4 ) xou know when 2 someone } aas a and you lock 's at ' then ang nit quite tit , 5 but you can not put you finger on jes what Bart di N all of they . it 's S like the piece be right , bur _they ji ust do not t go together . . flashcut to ; van eo io d . he slowiy 117 118 119 58. back to scene : ( gordon 's farmhouse - night ) 117 John search Gordon 's face for a sign -- could this possibly be for real ? JOHN Gordon , do you really believe this ? you realize how all this sound ? Gordon give he a '' be patient '' gesture , then smile triumphantly and hold up the morning newspaper : EARTHQUAKE in ecuador . 320 people kill . Gordon seem possess of complete self - assurance . and this scare John most of all . int . john' motel room - two night later 118 since we last see it , the tiny motel room have be transformed into ... JOHN 's investigation headquarters : a computer and fax machine crowd the small desk . newspaper , book and fax be stack everywhere . Maps cover the wall , studd with color tack : Red one for odd light event , blue one for giant bird - creature sighting , etc . in the middle of the chaos : JOHN and connie sit on the bed , share a pizza and a bottle of merlot , watch : nat' video ( hilltop clearing - night ) - intercut 119 a weak , grainy , image of the sky over the river and the chemical plant . they study the tv . John draw he finger across the screen . no trace of the light . JOHN the light should be right over here ... connie it 's probably just too dark to record . JOHN I wonder . ( beat ) you ready for josh 's latest phone call ? John lift a cassette player and hit '' play . '' on the tape we hear josh 's voice as he answer he phone : ( continued ) 59 . 119 continued : 119 josh ( v.o. ) ( on tape ) hello ?.. on the other end of the line we hear a ungodly racket : a i i a £ ow a_ mechanical shriek . connie shake she head in wonder : connie this be definitely the weirdest date I have ever be on . JOHN be this a date ? connie cut I some slack . it 's after eleven on a weeknight and I be in a motel room with a single man . I be call it a date . John give she a curious smile , slightly lowering the volume on the shriek wail . JOHN I think it actually sound sort of beautiful , if you play it low . kind of like a mate call . connie yeah , I see what you mean , maybe this could be we song ? John smile . a awkward silence . he lean in and gently kiss she . she kiss he back . they pull back , both a little surprised at what 's just happen . John 's face make it clear -- this be the first woman he 's kiss since Mary die . connie break the awkward silence : connie ( cont have ) look , if this be too soon , we could -- but before she can even finish , the phone ring . John be relieved to answer . it 's Gordon , and he sound stress : gordon ( 0.s. ) John , thank God you be there . ( continued ) 60 . 119 continued : ( 2 ) 119 JOHN Gordon ? gordon ( 0.s. ) ( talk fast ) look , I know I sound a little bit crazy today , but thing have be get weird out here . . JOHN Gordon , slow down -- gordon ( 0.s . ) -- he 's here . JOHN who be ? gordon ( 0.s. ) Mr. cold . he 's here . right now . he 's stand right next to I . John turn away from connie and sit on the edge of the bed . the mood in the room have completely shift : JOHN let I talk to he . gordon ( 0.s. ) sure . hang on . then he turn to connie and cover the mouthpiece : JOHN get over to Gordon 's quick , he say indrid cold be there . connie do not ask question , she just grab she thing and head for the door . a thin , monotone voice -- supposedly that of indrid cold -- come on the line : voice ( 0.s. ) hello John klein . John try to collect he thought . JOHN who be this ? voice ( 0.s. ) my name be indrid cold . ( continued ) 61 . 119 continued : ( 3 ) 119 John quickly attaches he tape recorder -- a expensive digital device -- to he phone . JOHN unless , of course , you be Gordon smallwood . indrid cold ( 0.s. ) you father be bear in racine , Wisconsin . you live in a green house on Monroe street . you can not remember how you mother look . John realize he 's sweat , he breathe have quickened . he make himself breathe normally . JOHN okay , you have get my attention . what color shirt be I wear ? indrid cold ( o.s. ) Red shirt , three button . correct . hmm . John look around the room . the curtain be open . he pull they shut . he look down and see he watch in he shoe . JOHN where 's my watch ? indrid cold ( o.s. ) shoe under bed . he look around the room : Hidden camera ? a elaborate trick ? he shut off all the light . then plunge he hand into he overnight bag . JOHN what be I hold in my hand ? indrid cold ( o.s. ) cream stick . John pull he hand from he bag : he hold a small tube of chapstick . suddenly , a explanation occur . JOHN ( smile ) indrid cold -- be you read my mind ? indrid cold ( o.s. ) I have no need to . ( continued ) 62 . 119 continued : ( 4 ) 119 okay ... John grab a paperback from the stack near he bed , but do not open it . the real test : JOHN what 's the third line on page ... fifty - one ? indrid cold ( o.s. ) ( instantly ) '' -- face unadorn hold a naked promise that she figure do -- '' John flip on the lamp , open the book , find the page , scan the line , take a sharp breath . correct . indrid cold ( o.s. ) ( cont no ) still more proof John klein ? 120 ext . back road - night 120 connie 's speed prowler hug the curve of a wind back road , blue and red gumball flash . 121 int . john' motel room - night 121 John be still on the phone with indrid cold . his mood have shift from skepticism to anxious fascination : JOHN what do you look like ? indrid cold ( o.s. ) variable . JOHN I want to meet you . indrid cold ( o.s. ) we already have . you frighten easily . you nre afraid right now . JOHN you seem to know a lot . can you tell I something ... what happen to my wife ? a long silence . the silence make John nervous . indrid cold ( o.s. ) why ask I what you already know ? John take a breath and close he eye : ( continued ) 121 122 123 124 63 . continued : 121 JOHN where be Mary klein right now ? John grip the phone , he hand slick with sweat , wait . indrid cold ( o.s. ) the one who be Mary klein can not be find by look . ( beat ) contact be possible . see you in time . the line erupt in a high pitched whine , a metallic whistle , pierce John 's ear . he fling the phone away . the receiver keep screeching on the floor . John stare at the phone . the screech become a terrible creak , replace by static , then nothing , finally a dial tone . John force himself to retrieve the receiver and place it back on the cradle . sweat bead roll down into he eye . ext . gordon smallwood 's house - night 122 connie 's hand pound on the door . nothing . she pound again . nothing . finally , a light go on inside and ... gordon smallwood open the door slowly . he 's in boxer short , hair -muss , fresh from bed . he squint out at connie : gordon what 's up , connie ? everything okay ? connie ( urgently ) -- do you just call John ? gordon ( shake he head ) I have be asleep since nine . ext . bell SOUND lab - charleston - day 123 establish a high - tech look facility - clearly the non - nonsense domain of science . int . bell SOUND lab - charleston - day 124 John sit in the SOUND lab surround by some of the most sophisticated sound analysis equipment in America . he listen to a tape of last night 's phone call along with : sonny berger , ( 45 ) a sound engineer -- good -nature , bearded and at least 300 pound . ( continued ) 124 125 64 . continued : 124 as indrid cold 's voice come on , sonny point to the Voice frequency gauge : sonny see ? it 's stick up here around 1950 cycle per second . the lowest it get be maybe , 1930 or so ... then John 's voice come on the tape . sonny ( cont would ) your be way down here in normal vocal range : anywhere from 1000 to 1200 cycle per second . JOHN so this guy 's vocal range be higher than mine ? sonny ( laugh ) ) you nre bullshit I , right ? how have you do it ? JOHN do what ? sonny create the voice . it 's a good mimic , but come on , 1900 cycle per second ? groundhogs do not go that high . JOHN so what the hell be it ? as the tape play , sonny isolate indrid cold 's voice and do a computer search for match ... nothing . sonny as near as I can figure , it 's some sort of electrical impulse . but whatever it be , it be not come out of human vocal cord . int . JOHN klein 's car - dusk 125 John drive back from Charleston , cell phone to he ear , leave a message : JOHN ( fray ) Cyrus , it 's John , it 's Wednesday night , ( more ) ( continued ) 125 126 in it NI 128 129 130 131 132 133 65 . continued : 125 JOHN ( cont would ) I be still stick down here in West Virginia . ext . highway - toll booth - dusk 126 John 's car pass through a tollbooth , exite the main highway . there 's something eerie about it , but John be wrap up in he call and do not notice . . JOHN ( continuous ) I be go to need a few more day to wrap - thing up ... I / 11 call you in a couple of day . dissolve to : int . john' motel room - night 127 a cold wind howl outside . John lie in bed , toss and turn in the dark ... later 128 now the light be on . he sit on the edge of the bed , channel surfing . he click off the tv and throw down the remote ... moment later 129 now he 's dress . he grab he key and he 's out the door . ext . gordon smallwood be house - night 130 John stand on the Porch talk to denise . she shake she head , point towards town . int / ext . JOHN 's car - parking area / hilltop clearing - night 131 John 's car roll to a stop at the hilltop near the alanco Chemical Plant . no other car park , no sign of Gordon . ext , coffee shop - night 132 John drive past - it 's close for the night . ext . iron horse tavern - night 133 John drive by -- also close . he drive on . 134 ext . the silver bridge - night John spot Gordon mid-span , lean over the railing , down at the rush water . he 's not wear a coat . John jump out : JOHN Gordon ! Gordon do not seem to hear he . JOHN ( cont would ) Gordon ! 66 . 134 stare John reach Gordon 's side , place he hand on he shoulder . Gordon stare out at nothing in particular . gordon ( calmly ) I use to walk up here when I be a little kid . we be right between West Virginia and Ohio . so technically , I figure we be not in either one ... JOHN come on Gordon it 's freezing out here , you want to warm up in my car ? Gordon slowly shake he head . gordon can not . I be wait for he . John nod , wait for he to continue : gordon ( cont ’d ) John , everybody in this town be look at I like I be insane ... you know why ? John go to answer , but Gordon continue : gordon ( cont ‘d ) it 's because I be tell the truth ... denise , all the other , they do not know , John . I do . JOHN what do you know , Gordon ? gordon I be lie awake at night -- feel like I be sleep , but I be awake . that 's when ( more ) ( continued ) 134 135 136 67 . continued : 134 gordon ( cont would ) I hear he ... when I hear he voice lately , I swear to God -- I feel better . John stare at Gordon , incredulous : Gordon look as sure of himself and resolute as when they first meet . John take a moment to gather he thought . JOHN I have a idea , but before I tell you what it be , I want you to know I do not think you nre crazy . okay ? gordon ( calmly ) I be not crazy . JOHN I have hear about a program at the University . they work with people who have have strange experience , and try to figure out if this event be occur ... outwardly or inwardly . you see what I mean ? gordon you think I be imagine all this ? JOHN I do not know , Gordon . ext . road / unfinished highway - night 135 John drive past the scrap yard next to the unfinished highway where Gordon claim to have meet indrid cold . as JOHN drive under the elevate ramp to nowhere ... int - car - night ( intercut ) 136 ..- he face suddenly contort with fear . he look around terrify : what 's happen to he ? sweat bead on he forehead , he try to move he arm , he hand , he leg -- he 's paralyze with fear . the car continue to roll forward , increase speed . ten foot ... twenty ... thirty ! his fear escalate into panic . every yard a eternity of unbearable terror . at fifty foot , he cross an_ invisible border : he fear leave as suddenly as it come . John stop the car . he catch he breath , gather he nerve to investigate further . 137 138 139 68. ext . unfinished highway / scrap yard - continuous 137 ohn climb ovt of he car , plant he foot on the aspha?t , look around . nothing out of the ordinary . no sign of indrid cold or any other explanation -- what do he just pass through ? he walk back towards the area , slowly , cautiously , try to stay calm . then he take one step too many . he 's back inside the zone . the air become perfectly still as all audible sound -- animal , bird , even insect -- be suck into silence . the night become darker , too dark . John 's breathe become shallow and fast . he fall to the ground , engulf in fear . JOHN ( v.o. ) I could not move . I do not know what it be , I be more afraid than I have ever be in my whole life . I be just a few foot from where I come in , but it feel like I would never make it back ... int . connie 's prowl car - day 138 connie listen intently to John as she drive towards the unfinish highway . JOHN ( v.0o . ) ... I be on my knee , and I be hyperventilate . I could not stand up . it take I a half hour to crawl the five foot out of there . John look at connie . she do not know what to say . JOHN ( cont 'd ) this be it , up ahead . ext . unfinished highway - day 139 connie slow the prowler to a crawl , then brake . they get out . connie it begin here ? JOHN right over here , I think . ( continued ) 139 140 69 . continued : 139 John and connie walk slowly . John try to get he bearing . JOHN ( cont have ) I remember the ramp be here ... so this must be it . he start to walk . connie join he and they step over a imaginary line together . they look at each other . she shake she head . nothing . JOHN ( cont would ) let 's keep go . they walk further . nothing . John stop , perplex , shake he head . JOHN ( cont would ) ( quietly ) I swear , it be right here . connie look at he . she do not feel it . but last night , John do . connie look into he eye , see a man shake from a experience he can not explain . she take he hand in hers . high angle they walk back and forth , back and forth , back and forth . bird chirp , the winter sun be shine brightly , and we pull back on two people search for a imaginary circle . int . interview cubicle - university - day 140 we intercut between John and Gordon -- as each be interview by dr . lee okster , ( 37 ) , friendly , and way too good look to be in a lab coat : okster as a child , be you prone to seizure ? JOHN no. okster be you often leave at home alone ? gordon no. okster do you have a guardian angel or secret friend ? ( continued ) 140 141 142 70 . continued : 140 JOHN no . okster do you sometimes have trouble discern dream from actual memory ?... Gordon stare into the middle distance ; he slowly nod . . okster ( cont would ) Mr. smallwood ? Gordon look up , as if waking from a dream , as we go ... int . electroencephalogram lab - later 1421 intercut again between John and Gordon with small electric patch tape to they face and skull . eeg printout scroll out beside they . int . laboratory research CENTER - later 142 Dr. okster show John and Gordon they eeg printout . okster alright , this line here ? it measure activity in the temporal lobe , the visual and perceptual center of the brain . disorder in this area have be link to both alien encounter and near-death experience . JOHN disorder like a brain tumor ? okster maybe . but neither you nor Mr. smallwood seem to have any temporal lobe abnormality . JOHN so what do that leave ? okster you might have be expose to a electromagnetic field . certain people be more sensitive than other to this em wave , and it stimulate they temporal lobe cause vivid hallucination . Gordon squint skeptically : { continued ) 142 143 144 71 . continued : 142 okster ( cont have ) Bright light , voice , feeling of terror , distortion of time and even sighting of humanoid creature . Gordon look freak , John do not know what to think . int . JOHN klein 's motel room - night 143 close on a book page -- a 15 th century drawing of a giant man with insect eye and wing . it look like something from the ar moriendi -- '' the Art of dying '' -- medieval Christian text on death . connie ( 0.s . ) '' the nocturnal Butterfly . also call mothman . in ancient culture , the moth represent a form of the psyche , or the soul immortally trap in the hellish death realm ... '' connie sit on the edge of a bed , wear she uniform . she read from a mythology book . John 's weekender lie open on the other bed : he 's pack . it 's late . a cold wind howl outside . connie ( cont ’d ) ( read ) --. '' mothman be one of the most obscure and frightening mythological creature of the underworld ... '' connie close the book . she 's read enough for tonight . she toss it on the floor . John stop pack and look at she . connie ( cont ’d ) ( softly ) what time 's you flight ? JOHN eight am . connie look away , miss he already . ext . new york STREET - day 144 on west 83rd STREET : John stand in a doorway across from the brownstone criterion Apartments . he see ... a man emerge from the apartment building : stocky , red face and crew - cut hair . look like a retire drill sergeant . ( continued ) 144 72 . continued : 144 John glance at the author photo on the book he hold , '' thing unseen '' . sure enough , it 's the same guy : albert leek . John dodge across the street and stop he . JOHN Mr. leek ... leek stop in he track , alarmed . John hold up one of the bird- man sketches : JOHN ( cont would ) - do you know what this be ? leek 's eye flick from the sketch to John 's face : leek who the hell be you ? JOHN John klein . I call you . I need to know about this . leek stare at he , consider -- then push quickly past : leek I be sorry but I be already late . John follow after he down the crowded street . JOHN have you ever see this thing ? leek keep walk , try to ignore the man follow he . JOHN ( cont would ) ( shouting over street noise ) I need you help , Mr. leek ? leek finally stop and turn -- John almost run into he . leek where be they see he ? JOHN {out of breath ) Point pleasant , West Virginia ... he stare at John , make up he mind : should he bother ? leek grab the sketch from John and gaze at it . he look like he 's stare at he own obituary . ( continued ) 144 145 73 . continued : ( 2 ) 144 leek ( quiet , to himself ) mothman . John 's eye go wide . JOHN ( a statement ) you can help I , can not you ? leek nod . leek follow I . int . metropolis book shop - day 145 John follow leek into the giant , dusty old bookstore . shelves tower overhead ; stack of book line the floor ; aisle roll out in all direction , disappear into murky darkness . angle on aisle : John watch leek scan the title , he head tilt to the side . he pluck a book off the shelf : leek ah , here we be ... leek flip through a book and stop on a painting of a giant man with wing . it look like something out of Greek mythology . John shudder . JOHN mothman ? leek that 's what the ukrainian call he . Rough translation , of course . there be a hundred sighting in Chernobyl the year the nuclear plant go down . JOHN Jesus . leek turn to a grainy photograph , the kind we have all see : blurry , poorly frame -- but instead of a ufo , a moth-like figure hover in the sky . leek Galveston , 1969 , just before the hurricane . they see it . but see be not always believe . there 's never be a single shred of evidence that any of ( more ) ( continued ) 145 continued : 74 . 145 leek ( cont would ) this thing exist materially ; not for more than a short time , anyway . no one 's ever see any bigfoot boé. or crash ufo 's . JOHN what about roswell ? leek come on . you work in Washington . be that braintrust capable of keep that kind of secret ? John rub he eye , confuse : JOHN so you be say this thing do not exist ? leek sure they exist . there 's all kind of thing that exist all around we that we never see , right ? electricity , microwave , infra-re wave . you know , they have be around forever , they show up in cave painting . they be a normal condition of the planet , they be just not part of we consensus of what constitute physical reality . JOHN ( frustrated ) but what be they ? leek look , you be ask for a explanation for something that can not be explain rationally . JOHN but why do they show - up before all this disaster ? leek re-shelve the book , turn to John : leek you know all that build - up of energy before something happen ? the way you hair stand up before lightning strike ? that 's when they cross over -- JOHN -- what do you mean , before something happen ? do they cause disaster ? ( continued ) 145 146 75 . continued : ( 2 ) 145 leek why would they need to ? no , my theory be they foreshadow death and disaster . John let that sink in , then : JOHN what do they want ? leek I have no idea . what you really want to know be why you . JOHN okay . yeah . leek you think you be special . trust I , you be not . you just get in they way . JOHN get in they way ? leek you notice they . and they notice that you notice they . most people be not sensitive enough to see they without some sort of trauma . John wince . leek study he , lean in . leek ( cont no ) be you fixate on death , Mr. klein ? John be silent . leek nod knowingly , then walk down the aisle and out the door . John follow . ext . new york STREET - dusk 146 loud , crowded , and cold . John and leek walk into the wind : JOHN : last week my friend get a strange phone call from a spirit or entity or whatever . it seem to know ... everything . like god. leek ( continue for he ) and *t make prediction , and they come true ... ( continued ) 146 76 . continued : 146 JOHN ( nod , excited ) yeah . he call himself indrid cold . John search leek 's face for a sign of recognition ; leek just shrug . the name mean nothing to he . leek if you '' friend '' think he 's talk to God , he 's off by more than a few degree . JOHN but how could he know all this stuff ? leek stop walk . he look around , try to figure out a way to explain . leek look up there ... John look where leek be point ... a skyscraper : ten storey up , a window - washer squeeege the side of a glass building . leek ( cont 'd ) if there be a car crash on eighty fourth and Riverside that window washer up there could probably see it . do not mean he 's God -- or even any smarter than we be . but from where he 's sit , he can see a little further down the road . JOHN but they have gotta be more advanced then we . why do not they just come right out and say what 's on they mind ? leek nod . leek you be more advanced than . a cockroach -- ever try explain yourself to one ? they continue down the street , each lose in they own thought . John break the silence : JOHN so , what about Point pleasant ? leek how many people have see it ? ( continued ) 146 147 148 77 . continued : ( 2 ) 146 JOHN I do not know , ten , maybe twenty ? leek stop dead in he track , look John in the eye . leek do not go back there , Mr. klein . JOHN what ? leek listen to I , something terrible be go to happen in Point pleasant . John be strike by the sudden fear that have cloud leek 's face . leek ( cont have ) nothing you do can stop it . do not go back , stay away , and stay away from I ... I can not talk about this any more . leek start to walk away , but John 's desperation demand a answer . he pull leek violently by the arm . JOHN look , Mr. leek , there 's get to be a reason I end up in Point pleasant ... something bring I there . leek pull away . leek if it bring you there , it bring you there to die . leek disappear down a dark staircase to the subway . ext . new york street - night 147 John have put off he flight and spend hour walk circle around Times Square , wrestle with unanswer question . ext . new york STREET - morning 148 on west 83rd STREET : John wait outside the entrance to leek 's brownstone . when someone leave , he rush to the door before it lock , slip in the building . 149 149a 78. int . leek 's apt build - hallway - morning 149 John knock . leek crack the doc open , displease . JOHN please , I need to talk to you . leek stare coldly . jcan ( cont have ) I need to know what happen to you . leek 's face darken , cloud by a bad memory . he let the door swing open . int . leek 's apartment - morning 149a John follow he down a long hallway into the kitchen . John nod . leek you do not sleep last night do you ? JOHN no. leek once they get to you , it 's hard to sleep , be not it ? leek ( cont have ) you cross a line between what 's real and what 's not real ... leek pour himself a cup of tea and sit down at a table across from John . leek ( cont have ) I be a physics professor at Cornell , tenure , you can look I up . one day I start hearing voice . the voice become message . before long , I be fully convinced that I be receive prediction of disaster from '' outside intelligence . '' JOHN but you be , be not you ? leek John , i_had tape of they voice ! but so what ? nobody care . I know a building be ( more ) ( continued ) 79 . 149a continued : 149a leek ( cont would ) go to blow up , I try to prevent it , but no one listen ... JOHN what happen ? leek have turn fragile , shaking he head slowly , as if relive the past . leek people die . leek finish he tea and go into the live room , John follow . leek ( cont would ) I be investigate and almost arrest . my wife divorced I and my kid stop speak to I . I spend four horrific year in a psychiatric facility . I lose everything . JOHN oh my god . leek have move over to a mantle in front of a fireplace . picture of he past life loom behind he . leek be right be worse than be wrong . if you be wrong , you be just a fool , if you nre right , you be a suspect . basically , it 's a lose lose situation . leek walk towards John , stand very close to he . John look lose and exhaust . leek ( cont no ) they fuck with guy like we , Mr. klein . you 'il never understand they message . you will misinterpret they ... I do . it almost destroy I ... you know what ? in the end it all come down to one simple question : which be more important -~ have proof ? or have a life ? John try hard to pull himself together . JOHN I be scared . ( continued ) 149a continued : 150 leek shake he head , recognize the persistence of the ( 2 ) leek good , when you stop be scared -- then it 's time to worry . trust I . I turn away year ago when I pitch all my note into that fireplace and I have never look back . JOHN but do not you want to know ? leek know what ? JOHN the answer . truth seeker in front of he . leek extend he hand . leek good luck , John . int . airport - coffee shop - day John and Ed sip coffee . typical airport chaos surge all around they . Ed shake he head , can not believe what he 's hearing . beat . ed this do not sound like you , John . this be the kind of stuff we use to rip on when it come over the wire . JOHN I know . it 's different when it happen to you . ed you meet someone , do not you ? JOHN ( frown ) no , no , nothing like that . 150 Ed take a long , assess look at he friend . he know not to push it . ed do I a favor . talk to Cyrus . today . tell he you have get the flu -- make up any ( more ) ( continued ) 81 150 continued : 150 151 ed ( cont would ) excuse you want -- I will back you up . I just want to be sure you still have a job up here , once you be do do , whatever it be you be do down there . deal ? JOHN ( smile ) deal . ext . town square - night 151 about a hundred townsfolk have gather for the annual Christmas tree lighting . John search for connie . he wind he way through the crowd , past nat and Lucy , c.j. and Holly , josh and the cranky night manager . everyone seem a bit anxious : there 's trouble get the tree light . he spot connie and denise stand in a storefront , share a cigarette . they both look upset . John hug connie , but she do not hug he back . John be hurt . denise smooth the awkward moment : _ DENISE ( joke , to John ) you be just in time , they be about to light the tree -- have be for the last two hour . JOHN really ? ( surveying the crowd ) where 's Gordon ? do not he come ? denise point . Gordon be stand off by himself . he look break , preoccupy , tense . John notice that connie have wander off . he catch up with she , gently take she arm . JOHN ( cont ’d ) what 's wrong ? connie ( shortly ) nothing . JOHN be you okay ? connie look too upset to talk . JOHN ( cont ’d ) do you bring Kevin ? ( continued ) 151 continued : 151 she point to Kevin , who stand about ten foot away watch elve set up the light . Kevin have he back to they . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you look upset . what 's go on ? connie ( irritate ) well , Gordon get himself fire from the chemical plant . JOHN that 's terrible . connie just keep talk about indrid cold , would not shut up . Fifteen more people report see the '' the mothman '' today . Fifteen . ( she raise she voice ) and three of they be cop . I hate this , John . I absolutely goddamn hate this . Kevin wander up to they , tug at he Mom 's coat . John look down : one of Kevin 's eve be swollen shut -- just like c.j . John mask he frighten reaction . JOHN hi Kevin . kevin ( somberly ) hi John . Mom , can I go closer to the elve ? connie stay where I can see you . Kevin shuffles away . JOHN what happen to he ? connie look away , choke back she anger . she will not answer . JOHN ( cont no ) what 's wrong with he eye ? she shake she head . JOHN ( cont have ) do he see something ? ( continued ) 83 . 151 continued : ( 2 ) isi connie ( explode ) I do not know , John . he have not eat , he will not go anywhere near he room . he will not talk to I . beat . / JOHN let I try . John walk over to Kevin for a private talk . Kevin seem more subdued than usual . JOHN ( cont ’d ) how be you do , pal ? kevin ( shrug ) okay , I guess . JOHN what happen to you eye ? Kevin will not answer . John reach for Kevin 's hand : he 's tremble . John warm they in he , rub they together . Kevin stare at John . kevin be my mom go to die ? John be take aback , but he recover : JOHN of course not . why ? John look tenderly at Kevin , but the conviction in he voice be undeniable : JOHN ( cont 'd ) nothing be go to happen to you mom , okay ? Kevin look at he ; he want to believe it , but ... JOHN ( cont have ) I mean it Kevin . I promise ... I be go to make sure of it . good enough . Kevin hug John with the complete reassurance that only a seven year - old can truly feel . ( continued ) i151 152 153 154 84 . continued : ( 3 ) isl a row of light go on , spark , —¢ ' immedia- ely go off . the crowd let out a disap sinted shhhh '' . yin move ahead to see what 's go on . John look at connie and nod -- it 's okay . they circle the still dark tree in silence for a while , tracking Kevin . then : JOHN ( cont have ) connie , whatever be happen here -- it have something to do with I . I be bring here . for a reason ... connie stop , look he in the eye . JOHN ( cont would ) this thing be real . indrid cold be real . he 's try to show I something , tell I something ... I do not know what . John wait for she to react . all he see on she face be concern . whatever she 's think , she do not want to say it . fifty foot above they , the grand old pine tree light . they stare , speechless . it 's beautiful , but at the same time , maybe because of the event of the last month , a pall hang over the town ... ext . motel - night 152 a neon sign buzze , electrical wire hum , we move along a phone line towards John 's dark room . int . john' motel room - continuous 153 John turn over in bed , then wake with a start . there 's a rustling sound outside . somebody be at the window . John climb out of bed . the phone start ringing . he ignore it . he go to the window and draw back the curtain ... a bright orange moon ( intercut ) 154 glow on the horizon . silhouett against it : a leafless tree , bend in the wind . the tree turn toward John . glow red eye shine at he . how could he have miss it ? it 's not a tree at all . it 's mothman . SNAP ! -- a giant wing flare from the creature 's back and -- crack the window . smashcut to : 85 . 155 int . john' motel room - night 155 the phone be still ringing : John bolt up in bed , cover in sweat , gasp from the nightmare John catch he breath and look at the clock : 4:00 a.m. exactly . he pick up the phone : JOHN hello ? gordon ( 0.s. ) John ? it 's Gordon . Gordon 's voice be distant and staticky . JOHN Gordon ? where be you , I can barely hear - gordon ( 0.s. ) ( excited ) -- jeez , I can not believe I get through ... listen , John : he be right . mr.cold be right about everything . John strain to hear ; he shout into the bad connection : JOHN right about what ? gordon ( o.s. ) it 's beautiful , John . I want you to know that . it truly be . you have get nothing to worry about . JOHN what 's beautiful , Gordon ? what be you talk about ? Gordon 's voice grow fainter . gordon ( 0.s. ) S I gotta go . Goodbye , John . thanks for everything . I will see you in time . a huge flare of static and then silence . no dial tone , no click ... just silence . 156 ext . gordon smallwood 's house - night 156 John slam into Gordon smallwood 's driveway just behind connie 's cruiser and a paramedic van . ( continued ) 156 157 86 . continued : 156 John rush toward the barn as connie emerge with denise , who 's cry hysterically . John be stop short : denise gle es at he with hatred in she eye : DENISE ( under she breath ) it 's you fault ... you encourage he ... denise climb the porch and disappear into the house . connie take John 's arm as they walk back towards the barn . connie you know she do not mean it . John nod . JOHN do she see it ? connie no , she be asleep when she hear the shot . Gordon be not in bed . she come out here and find he in back with he shotgun . JOHN Jesus ... do you know what time it happen ? connie wipe she eye and check she notebook : connie around 4 a.m. John flinch , like he 's just be strike . connie ( cont would ) I can not stand this , John . I feel like everyone in town be lose they mind . John know exactly what she mean . int . iron horse tavern - late afternoon 157 John be wear a black suit , hunch over a glass of scotch . a couple people dress in mourn clothes be gather at the other end of the bar . a hand gently squeeze John 's shoulder , he turn to find Fire Chief josh jessup : ( continued ) 157 158 continued : josh it do not seem right to bring this up at the funeral -- but as far as I know , there 's never be any accident at the chemical plant . JOHN what be you talk about ? . josh I get you message yesterday , I mean to call you back , but it slip my mind . John give he a blank look . josh ( cont have ) do not you remember leave I that message ? JOHN I be not here yesterday , I be in New York . int . bell SOUND lab - charleston - day once again , John sit with sonny berger . a phone message cassette spin in a high tech deck . exactly like JOHN 's voice . answering machine voice ( v.0o . ) hi josh , this be John klein . have there ever be any accident at the chemical plant ? thank you in advance . sonny hit '' stop . '' JOHN I never make that call . it sound like I , but come on , '' thank you in advance '' ? I do not talk like that . no one do . sonny well , it sure sound like you . 87 . 157 158 it sound John look at the Voice frequency gauge : it 's well within human range -- about 1100 cycle per minute . JOHN there 's no way this could be a electrical impulse like the last one ? ( continued ) 158 159 160 161 162 88 . continued : 158 sonny doubtful . watch ... sonr. , isolate John 's voice on the previous tape and on josh 's tape . he run they on adjacent monitor : the gauge respond identically . sonny ( cont 'd ) this be what we call a voiceprint . the best computer mimic in the world can not get more than a 75 % match . this two be at 99.7 % if I have to , I have swear ina court of law that both of this voice be yours . ext . STREET - point pleasant - dusk 159 it 's just get dark as John pull into town , park in front of the police station . John bound up the station step , he mind still reeling from the event at the sound lab . he stop abruptly and walk back down the step , turn leave . a woman with red hair climb the step from the right . John just miss see she , but we do : she 's a dead-ringer for Mary . we follow John to a - ext . STREET / corner shop - point pleasant - day 160 where he busy coffee . ext . police station - later 161 John climb the step . as he pass through the glass front door , the woman walk right past he . once again , John miss see she . be that Mary ? now we be not sure . something look different . int . police station - night 162 John approach connie at she desk . but before he can say a word , she jump up : connie do you know that woman ? JOHN what woman ? ( continued ) 162 163 164 89 . continued : 162 connie the one that just walk past you as you come in ... he and connie go to the glass door ; they look around the street , but no one be anywhere to be see . connie ( cont 'd ) that be so odd . she have long red-hair and green eye . Real pretty . and she be ask about you ... John whip he head around to look at connie as we ... flashcut to : ext . beach - day 163 john' memory Pov : the beach . Hawaii . Mary laugh , she red hair and green eye shine in the sun ... flashcut back to : ext . police station - night 164 as John dash outside , search the street for the woman . connie follow he ... outside the police station : John head across the street to the town square , turn around as he walk , he eye everywhere , scan in all direction : JOHN what do she say ? connie struggle to keep up with he : connie all this strange question : what be you write about ? do you believe in prophecy ? what would you reaction be if I ask you to stop investigate indrid cold -- if I say it be for you own good ? JOHN what do you say ? connie I ask for some i.d. -- will you slow down please ? ( continued ) 90 . 164 continued : 164 JOHN do she give you any ? connie no . she just say , '' tell John I be sorry for ruin everything . '' and then she get up and walk out . John stop in he track and whip around , stare at connie . connie ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? for a moment John can not speak . then he claw he wallet out of he coat , flip it open and thrust it at connie : JOHN be it she ? connie focus on a wallet - size snapshot of Mary klein -- and she eye go wide in shock : this be the woman . JOHN ( cont 'd ) be it she ? connie ( barely audible ) that 's you wife ? JOHN ( on fire ) it be she . connie slowly shake she head . this be impossible ... and just that fast , doubt form in she eye . connie I be not sure . JOHN what ? connie I mean -- the hair be different , and ... John stare at she in disbelief : she 's convincing herself that it be not Mary she see . JOHN oh , come on . ( continued ) g 1 164 continued : ( 2 ) 164 connie ( defensive ) what ? JOHN 165 you see she ! this be the woman you see ! the craze look on John 's face scare the hell out of she . there 's no way she 's buy into all this . connie no it be not , John . I agree , there be a... a similarity , maybe , but -- JOHN bullshit ! this hit connie like a slap in the face . she struggle to maintain she calm . connie John -- tell I you be okay . JOHN I be not okay . you see she . you know you do . ( plead ) do not do this to I . not you . connie please John -- tell I you be okay . John shake he head ; he 's never feel more alone in he life . JOHN I gotta go . John storm off , leave connie stand in the middle of the town square . int . motel - front desk - night 165 John approach the clerk : JOHN any call to room 124 today ? the clerk check the electronic switchboard : clerk no sir . 166 92 . int . john' motel room - night 166 John enter . the phone ring . he look at it >» answer machine : the number ' 9 's flash insistently . John slowly approach the phone and pick it up ... a ear-shattering beep -- he slam the receiver down . John hit the '' playback '' on he answer machine . it rewind and play : more beeping ... odd electronic music ... a strange , high -pitch rhythmic murmur ... what the hell do all this mean ? the phone ring . he hesitates , then pick it up . it 's a high - pitch chorus of voice . voice ( v.0 . ) be you John klein ? JOHN yes . voice ( v.0o . ) Mr. klein ... and now the voice slow down and deepen : voice ( v.o. ) sorry ... i....ruine ... everything ... John slam down the phone . he 's shaking now , in a full sweat . but now he have a idea ... he remove the tape from the answer machine and insert it into he portable mini -recorder . he cue the tape to the high - pitched rhythmic murmur message , then play it through three or four time , listen closely for word , voice -- anything . nothing . just the odd murmure noise . the phone ring . John let it ring , wait for the machine to pick up -- then realize he 's remove the tape . damn . he really do not want to answer the phone ... but he have to . he reach for it , he hand literally shaking . he pick it up . ( continued ) 166 167 168 169 170 171 93 . continued : 166 it 's the high pitch chorus of voice again : voice ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) sorry I ruin everything ... sorry I ruin everything ... sorry I ruin everything ... he slam down the phone . it immediately ring again . he back away . int . motel - front desk - night 167 John stagger to the desk , he body rigid with fear . JOHN I have to leave for awhile . I be not sure when I '11 be back , but until I be could you please make sure no one go into my room ? not the may -- not anyone . the clerk look at John and do not like what he see . clerk be you okay , Mr. klein ? JOHN ( nod ) I just need to get away from here . and with that , John leave . int . JOHN be car - night 168 John drive like a bat out of hell , grip the wheel tightly . he pass a sign : '' welcome to kentucky . '' int . JOHN be car - later 169 still forging ahead aimlessly into the night . John fight exhaustion and paranoia . another sign whizze past : '' you be leave kentucky -- welcome to Indiana . 's ext . TRAVEL lodge - clarion , indiana - night 170 Three hour and 269 mile away from Point pleasant . John pull into the motel driveway and park . he climb out of he car , stiff and sore , unable to drive another foot . he wander exhaust into ... int . TRAVEL lodge lobby - same 171 John approach the young woman at the counter . ( continued ) 94 . 171 continued : JOHN I just need ... whatever you have get . woman no problem . he hand she he credit card . the woman run he card , then freeze . she look up at he : woman ( cont no ) you be John klein ? John 's eye snap open . the woman laugh , incredulous : woman ( cont have ) oh my god ... she pull out a thick stack of pink message slip . woman ( cont would ) we have be get this for the past two day . . this can not be happen . John take the stack of message , hand tremble ... they all say the same thing : '' call I . urgent. Mary klein . '' 172 ext . phone booth - TRAVEL lodge parking lot - night John grip the receiver , hover on the edge of panic . he fumble Albert leek 's business card out of he pocket and dial the number : leek ( 0.s. ) ( exasperate ) what ! JOHN ( take aback ) Mr. leek ? it 's John , I -- leek ( 0.s. ) for God sake , stop call I ! I tell you JOHN -- what ? -- leek ( 0.s. ) ( shouting ) -- I tell you I do not know indrid cold -- 171 172 ( continued ) 172 173 174 175 95 . continued : 172 JOHN oh my God ... leek and TI do not want to ! JOHN i_never cal we silence on the line . they both know who 's be call . leek I tell you , I get outta this shit year ago , and I do not want to go back , leek hang up . int . john' motel room - point pleasant - night 173 it 's still dark out . John enter like he 's walk into a snake pit . he quickly knock the phone off the hook before it have a chance to ring . he look around the room ... john' Pov : mothman drawing , photo , map , chart , book -- it look like a lunatic 's office . John come to a decision : there 's only one thing to do . John open a box of 40 - gallon trash bag . he shake one open and slowly begin stuff it . he start with the photo , next go the note card . then the map and chart . he begin move faster and faster . he furiously jam fax and article into the bag . finally , he rip the mothman drawing off the wall and tear they up . ext . motel - night ( continuous ) 174 John throw a huge armload of trash in a dumpster behind the motel . int . john' motel room - night 175 Riding the momentum , pick up steam , John storm through the room , dismantle the headquarters with glee . suddenly , a polaroid picture falis from the wall onto the desk in front of he . he freeze -- then relax : it 's the one of he and Mary in Hawaii . he smile . finally , it seem like it might be okay . he stare at this island of normalcy in a room pack with madness . ( continued ) 175 176 177 96 . continued : 175 then he smile die and he eye fill with grow dread . as we move around behind he we see why : JOHN be ov - the polaroid : in the upper corner , above John 's shoulde : , we see something in the sky that have never be in the picture before ... a tiny , bird - like figure with two red , glow eye . John sink ’to the floor , grip the picture . even here -- in he memory -- he be not safe . JOHN ( whisper ) no , no , no ... int . john' motel room - night 176 fade up on the same shot . later . John sit in the dark room clutching he portable mini - recorder and play the high - pitched murmur over and over ... int . john' motel room - morning 177 John have not move . Dawn be break . John sit , half -asleep , the recorder still play in he hand . but the battery be die and the tape play slowly , the hi-pitch murmur now sounding like ... a voice ? the phone ring . startle , John jolt awake and grab the receiver : JOHN what ? it 's Cyrus bill , John 's editor from the Post : cyrus ( 0.s. ) it 's I , Cyrus ... John try to clear he head -- what be that weird noise ? he realize he mini-recorder be still play ... cyrus ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) John ? be that you ? JOHN ( distract ) yeah , yeah , it 's I ... ( continued ) 177 178 97 . continued : 177 cyrus ( 0.s. ) look , John , I do not mean to call so early , but it 's the only way I know I would catch you ... John ! you there ? JOHN yeah , yeah , what ? cyrus ( 0.s. ) this be important . Governor McCallum be touring the alanco Chemical Plant today , right there where you be . I need you there . be you listen ? JOHN McCallum , at the chemical plant . get it . but John 's attention be now rivete to he tape player : as the battery continue to run down , the sound of a voice become even clearer ... John hold the recorder to he free ear , strain to hear . cyrus ( 0.s. ) I need to know you be go to be there ... John pay no attention , the voice become clearer every second ... cyrus ( o.s. ) ( cont would ) John ?... John set the receiver down on the ground , forget about it completely , and turn the volume of the mini-recorder all the way up to '' 10 '' . the voice on the tape -- now a low - pitch drine -- be perfectly clear and very familiar : it be indrid cold . indrid cold ( v.0 . ) {on tape ) great tragedy on River - Ohio . great tragedy on River - Ohio . great tragedy on River -ohio ... we hear Cyrus shouting to John through the discard phone receiver , but John listen to the tape , transfix . int . connie parker 's house - morning 178 John follow connie around as she get ready for work . ( continued ) 178 continued : 98 . 178 connie John , I can not just call in sick because you have a bad feel about today . JOHN think about it : the weird light in the sky show up over the chemical plant . josh get a call from I -- which be not from I ~- where I talk about somethin~ bad happen at the chemical plant . th - I get a call from indrid cold talk isout a tragedy on the Ohio River , and guess what 's on the Ohio River ? connie the chemical plant . JOHN and today Governor McCallum be go to be there . I be on my way to interview he last week when I end up here in the first place . all the piece fit -- it explain everything ! connie stop get ready and turn to he : connie what about josh 's phone call ? or Holly 's burn ? how do all that fit in ? JOHN I do not know exactly . it must all be part of the warning . connie ( incredulous ) what ? JOHN how many sighting of mothman have you logge down at the station ? connie ( distract ) I do not know ... thirty , forty ... JOHN god-damnit ! come on -- something terrible 's go to happen -- we have to leave town . now . connie turn to he , angry and scared : ( continued ) 178 continued : 99 . ( 2 ) 178 connie no! John ... I can not live my life that way . I can not make decision base on message from indrid cold . he 's real to you . he 's not real to I . JOHN ( plead ) then at least get yourself re-assign off the security detail . I do not want you anywhere near that place today . connie see the intensity on John 's face ; it 's terrifying . John look John grab connie what if nothing happen ? at she strangely -- this never occur to he . JOHN what ? connie what if there 's no '' great tragedy '' today ? what will you do ? JOHN I ... do not know , I have not think that far , that 's not the point -- connie yeah , I think it be the point . Gordon believe what he hear too -- she , enraged : JOHN fuck Gordon ! I 's be not Gordon !! that be not my fault . I try to help he , but he would not listen to I ! I be not go to let the same thing happen to you ! connie stare at he . the look on she face make John take he hand off she . connie turn , grab she gun and purse , do not even look at John : connie you need to leave . if you want to talk about this later , my shift end at six . 179 100 . int . charleston airport - day ( moving to exterior ) 179 a crush of reporter , photographer , and car -- rarr operator traipse along with Virginia Governor Rob McCallum , he aide , he official West Virginia greeter . John fall in smoothly , steer through the aide with the magic word , '' Washington Post '' , and move up alongside the Governor . JOHN good afternoon , Governor . rob mccallum hi , John . I miss you in Richmond . JOHN I need to speak with you , it 's urgent . John 's intensity register . McCallum 's smile wrinkle into concern . he lower he voice . rob mccallum what 's this about , John ? JOHN it 's the tour . you can not do it , you can not go . the plant 's at risk . a aide be close enough to overhear . aide ( in a murmur ) -- ah , shit . McCallum 's pace falter . JOHN you need to get the place shut down for a safety inspection . aide they nve do two check already , Governor . McCallum nod at the aide . John fight down he desperation . JOHN the plant 's go to blow up while you be there . McCallum have enough sense to keep he voice low . ( continued ) 101 . 179 continued : 179 rob mccallum there 's a bomb ?? -- how do you know -- be you sure ?? the aide whip out a cell phone , and fish he cheat sheet of phone number from he jacket . John glance over at hin . aide ( just hear , b.g. ) State Police ? -- JOHN people be go to die if you do not listen to I , rob. aide ( faintly , b.g . ) -- this be Governor McCallum 's chief aide , we be at the airport -- McCallum 's gaze jerk around the airport . rob mccallum where be the cop ? what be they do ? John suck in a breath . JOHN they do not know yet . rob mccallum ( startle ) what ? aide ( b.g. ) -- have you receive a bomb threat ? JOHN I never say it be a bomb -- it 's something ... you have to believe I . and right that minute , with he messy hair and he circle eye , he 's no longer believable . McCallum 's gaze settles on he . the aide 's voice be stronger . aide no ?... nothing ?... just a last minute security check . we be ready to roll , thanks . he flip the phone shut , shake he head at the governor . ( continued ) 102 . 179 continued : ( 2 ) 179 JOHN ( to McCallum ) hundred of people could die -- and you be one of they . {to the aide ) so be you -- McCallum blow out a sad breath . rob mccallum you be mess up here , John . JOHN I have information . rob mccallum you do not eall the police . JOHN ..- my source be psychic . the aide be so relieved he snigger . JOHN ( cont 'd ) look , I know how this sound -- but many of this person 's prediction have come true ; the plane crash in Denver last week , the earthquake in ecuador . McCallum and the aide exchange concerned glance . mccallum I appreciate you concern -- John stand and make a final dramatic plea : JOHN that 's not good enough . cancel the tour . insist that the plant be shut down immediately . you all be a hero . ( beat ) please Governor . something terrible be go to happen . i_know_ it . 180 ext . charleston airport - day 180 they have reach the Governor 's limo . McCallum squeeze he eye shut , drop he chin to he chest for a instant , look up at John again . rob mccallum here 's what I be go to do . ( continued ) 180 181 182 103 . continued : 180 John 's shoulder relax ; he 's convinced he . rob mccallum ( cont 'd ) I be go to go meet Governor Harris at the State House ... I be go to drink lukewarm coffee from a good china cup and not spill the crumb from the cookie they have baked ... and then we be go to ride in a limousine out to the chemical plant and shake hand with every willing man and woman there ... because I do not intend to end up as a front page joke ! we follow McCallum into he limousine mccallum ( into car phone ) get Cyrus bill on the phone for I . as the limo speed away , John disappear through the back window . int . lobby bar - charleston hyatt - 12:30 p.m. 181 John enter and sit at the bar . a basketball game play on the tv , and stock quote scroll across a LED screen underneath . JOHN ( to bartender ) scotch , no ice . you mind turn on the news ? the bartender look up at the game then back to John . he reluctantly turn the channel . lobby bar - later 182 and a few scotch down . on tv , the local newscast feature a report on car adoption . bartender hey , can I at least check the score ? John push he empty glass at the bartender . JOHN no . and do I again . 183 184 185 186 104 . lobby bar - 5:00 p.m. 183 it 's dark row . the bar be empty . John be drunk . he stare at the tv as '' ::e evening news come on . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( to the bartender ) turn it up ... the bartender glare at John . John smile politely and hand he twenty : JOHN ( cont would ) you have be very kind . I plan to write a glow letter to Mr. Hyatt as soon as I be sober . now would you please turn up the goddamn volume . the bartender take the twenty and turn up the volume . close on tv ( intercut ) 184 news anchor {on tv ) we top story tonight take we to Point pleasant where Virginia Governor Robert McCallum join Governor Harris and representative from the state 's Environmental Regulatory panel to tour the alanco petrochemical Plant . tory pherris be on location in Point pleasant . tory ? ext . alanco chemical plant - night ( intercut ) 185 the news broadcast go live to tory pherris : tory ( on tv ) in what he 's call a '' successful review of alanco 's recent emission reduction overhaul , '' Governor McCallum give high mark to the petrochemical plant , and he be expect to call for similar renovation at several Virginia plant . his tour begin today at ... resume scene 186 JOHN have already stop listen . his attention be rivete to the visual of the chemical plant on tv in the background : no sign of explosion , mayhem or death . ( continued ) 105 . 186 continued : 186 time to face fact : he be wrong . nothing happen . he do not know whether to be relieved or disappointed . JOHN Son of a bitch . John stare down at he scotch . red letter reflect off the surface of he drink . he slowly look up at the LED screen . it 's flash : she will call - she will call . John turn to the bartender who have be stand nearby . JOHN ( cont 'd ) do you see that ? the bartender glare at he and shake he head . a bellhop appear at John 's side . bellhop Excuse I , Mr. klein ? JOHN yeah ? bellhop you have a message . the bellhop hand John a fold slip of paper . John open it , read : georgetown . friday . noon . John look up . the bellhop be go . 187 int . JOHN be room - hyatt HOTEL - night 187 John 's luggage be on the bed ; as he pack the last of he thing there 's a knock at the door . he open it . it 's connie . she walk in , see the bag : connie you be leave . back to Washington ? JOHN yup . connie you do not have to go , John . JOHN yeah . I do . ( continued ) 187 106 . continued : 187 connie if it 's about today -- JOHN -- no , no , I just get a message ... John hold up the note . JOHN ( cont have ) I have to get back to my apartment in georgetown . connie notice something odd about John : he do not seem upset at all . in fact , he look more confident than ever . JOHN ( cont would ) indrid cold say I 'il be contact on Friday at noon . connie can not believe what she 's hearing . she watch as John move about the room with robot- like intensity . connie | do you have any idea what 's happen to you , John ? what you have allow to happen ? JOHN I do not allow anything . he try to hand she the note ; she push it away , will not even look at it . camera slowly move in on the note ... we see that nothing be write on it connie ( desperate ) do not leave . for God 's sake , stop follow he order ! JOHN I know you will not be able to understand this , but I can not . connie stand in front of he , talk as slow and deliberate as a hostage negotiator . connie please John . do not do this . John do not even look at she as he step around she , grab he bag and leave . ( continued ) 187 188 189 190 191 192 193 194 195 196 107 . continued : ( 2 ) 187 on the SOUND of a choir sing '' silent night '' , we ... fade to : int . JOHN 's apartment - WASHINGTON D.C. - night 188 John stagger in and drop he bag . he flop onto he bed fully dress , not even remove he overcoat ... ext . point pleasant town square ~ day 189 snow fall on the glow Christmas Tree ... int . point pleasant elementary school auditorium - day 190 we now see the singing choir -- a group of school child on stage . right in front , Kevin parker . in the audience : connie listen , smile and cry ... ext . FIRE station 51 - point pleasant - day 191 josh jessup and the other fireman use the truck ladder to place Christmas light along the station house roof ... ext . lucy griffin 's house - backyard - sunset 192 Lucy and nat griffin build a giant snowman with giant wing and insect eye beneath the blue pine tree where mothman appear just week ago ... int . john' apartment - night 193 John -- still in he clothes and overcoat from yesterday -- sit in complete darkness , stare at he phone ... int . connie parker' house - night 194 connie and Kevin decorate they Christmas tree . connie stop to gaze out the window ; a gentle snow be fall ... int . JOHN 's apartment - WASHINGTON D.C. - night 195 John stare out the window of he apartment . snow fall here , too ; but it fall hard and wet and gray ... int . point pleasant church - night 196 denise smallwood sit alone in a the cavernous space ; candlelight flicker against the wall . she bow she head in prayer , tear stream down she cheek ... 197 198 199 200 108 . ext . alanco chemical plant / hill - night 197 just a few car be park here on < he cold , crystal - clear night . connie parker sit in she cruiser stare out at the horizon over the chemical plant . the choir ( 0.s. ) bring they song to its final , poignant note ... int . JOHN 's apartment - night 198 John be curl asleep on the cold dark live room floor ... fade out . int . john' apartment - next morning - day 199 John look like hell : he have not shave or change clothes in three day . he gaze at the clock -- it 's almost noon . he clutches the Polaroid -- mothman still clearly visible in the sky -- and wait . as John stare at the Polaroid , the mothman 's eye seem to stare back at he . impossible angle on John 's face from the mothman 's Pov in the photo . the phone ring . John pounce : JOHN hello ? connie - at home ( intercut conversation ) 200 connie hi . it 's I . JOHN connie ? connie yeah . just think we could chat for , say , ten or fifteen minute ... ( beat ) you be not laugh . JOHN I be sorry , connie . can I call you back ? connie no , you can not . I book you a flight . ( continued ) 200 continued : 109 . 200 JOHN what ? connie it leave dulle for Columbus , Ohio at one - forty five . I try to get one to Charleston , but they be book solid . if you leave right now , you will just make it ... despite everything , John be actually touch . John 's voi connie ( cont 'd ) it 's Christmas Eve , John . I miss you . Kevin do , too . JOHN I can not . connie the hell you can not . ce be choke with emotion : JOHN connie ... when Mary get sick ... I keep wishing there be something I could do to stop it . anything . but there be not . it be like there be this train come straight for I and I could see it but no matter what I do I could not get out of its way ... I could not stop it . connie no one can stop it John . look , plane be go to crash . earthquake be go to happen . people you know and love be go to die , and no matter what that fuck alien tell you , there 's nothing you can do about it . you can not save the world , John . all you can do be try to survive it . tear run down John 's face . he force out the word : JOHN it 's one year to the day . he tell I she be go to call . he say Mary be go to call with the message . a long beat of silence . ( continued ) 200 110 . continued : ( 2 ) 200 connie ( gently ) he 's lie , John . whoever call might sound like she , but it 's not go to be she . I do not know what happen after we die , but I will bet wherever Mary be now , she 's nowhere near indrid cold . John cry openly now , emotion and fear shaking he . JOHN but what if it be she ? ( almost a whisper ) I never even get to say goodbye . connie ( gently ) she 's dead , John . a long silence as this reality finally sink in for John -- maybe for the first time ever . connie ( cont no ) ( cont would ) the only question now be how you want to remember she . John look at the crumpled Polaroid . just the three of they : John , Mary -- and mothman . JOHN I miss she so much ... connie I know you do . you can miss she here just as easily as there . maybe more easily , cause you be all alone there , and that 's no way to be . another silence . then : JOHN I miss you , too . connie ( kindly ) do whatever you have to do . I will understand . but down here , we have dinner at six and do present at eight . we will be wait for you . and with that , connie hang up . John slowly set down the phone . it 's 11:59 am . ( continued ) 200 200 a lil . continued : ( 3 ) 200 he look at he bag , still pack , lie in the entry hall where he dumped they three day ago . John look back at the phone . the future ... or the past ? the live ... or the dead ? he move for the phone -- then reach past it and grab ... the wall cord . he hold it , gather he courage ... and though it might be the most painful thing he 's ever do , he take a deep breath , stand up ... t rd_out £ ali ! done . he pants a bit from the emotional effort . maybe it be not so hard after all . he open the blind . Light fill he apartment . he look around . for the first time in day -- maybe for the first time in over a year -- John klein feel truly free . his eye land on the bag in the entry hall . John go to they , grab they up and head for the door . the phone ring . John freeze . he turn and look at the phone . the fray wall cord lie coiled like a snake on the floor . the phone ring . he look at the clock . it 's 12:00 exactly . the phone ring . John turn away . he grip the door knob , turn it and open the door . the phone ring . John step out into the hall . and close the door behind he on the empty apartment -- and the past -- as ... the phone ring , and ring , and ring ... close on polaroid 200 a Mary and John smile on the beach . as the camera pull back , the mothman evaporate from the upper right hand corner , leave only clear blue sky . the mothman be go . 201 202 203 204 205 206 112 . ext john' apartment / sky - day 201 cam . a continue to pull back until it move up through the ceiie and into the sky above the apartment , above georgetown , into the cloud ... ext . sky - day 202 we rise out of the cloud , follow a 737 fly west . int . 737 - day 203 John glance around the cabin as passenger read they book and newspaper , talk , listen to music . J - 4n close he eye , he sit back , relieved , smile ; he 's not longer the hunt , the nightmare be over . but as he look out the window ... out window - sky 204 -. a storm be brewing over West Virginia . int . red ford escort - highway 35 - day 205 John peer past the icy , dry snow blast across the windshield . he fight to keep the car on the road , inching along at 45 m.p.h . the radio report be grim : radio newsman ( v.o. ) ( on radio ) ..- national weather service be call for increase snow through tonight and ... ext . highway - toll booth - day 206 John 's car exit the highway , pass through the same eerie tool booth as several day earlier . radio newsman ( v.0o . ) ( continuous ) ..- mational weather service be call for increase snow through tonight and ... ... into tomorrow along the Ohio River Valley . ten to twelve inch be expect before ... John see a mileage sign loom up out of the snowy haze : '' Point pleasant , w.va . - 71 mile . '' he check the clock : 4:20 p.m . John ease the car up to 50 m.p.h .... 207 208 209 210 211 212 113. ext . highway - coming into point pleasant - later 207 snow fall in gray flurry as John 's car make its way across the final mile of gallipolis , Ohio and approach the Ohio River and the 700 foot span of ... the silver bridge lead into Point pleasant . John 's car pull up behind a line of car stop on the hill lead down to the red light before the bridge . int . ford escort 208 John look at the clock : 5:55 p.m . he may be late for dinner , but not by much ... he happily drum on the steering wheel . '' have yourself a merry Little Christmas '' float from the radio . John wait ... ext . silver bridge - dusk 209 traffic be back - up in both direction . Cars be load with people -- on they way home , on they way to party , on they way to the mall for some last minute shopping . int . police cruiser 210 connie sit in she cruiser , mid-span . she impatiently drum she finger on the steering wheel . people in other car stare at she - after all , she be a cop . this be get ridiculous ... she turn on she flasher and get out of she car . on the bridge 211 connie stand on tip-to , look down the long line of car to see what the hold up be . Far ahead , down at the Point pleasant end of the bridge , she see ... a signal light : it 's red -- and show no sign of change . connie turn and gaze back down at ... the ohio end of the bridge : another red light . connie barely register the Ford escort wait there , on the road lead to the bridge . int . ford escort 212 John be get antsy . what 's with the light ? a burst of static fog the radio . he shut it off , annoyed . ( continued ) 212 213 214 215 114 . continued : 212 and in the sudden silence , he hear it . a SOUND . a faint sound . a familiar sound ... on the bridge . 213 connie stand in the cold wind -- and hear the sound , too . a low moan that rise to a eerie shriek . she look around -- where the hell be that sound come from ? in other car : 214 the bizarre sound echoe ... Lucy griffin and she son nat hear it . denise smallwood hear it . and a dozen other people we recognize from town -- they al ] hear the ominous sound ... hill leading down to the bridge 215 John climb out of he car and head down the the bridge . twenty yard ahead , a man be stand beside he car . JOHN what 's go on up there ? man some problem with the traffic light . John walk away . the camera begin to close in on he back . John stop , sense something . the camera stop . John whip around , look directly at we . the camera retreat , but the SOUND be unmistakable now , and get louder . moan , howling , shriek ... that 's when John realize : it 's the sound from josh jessup 's phone call . and it seem to be come from the bridge itself . JOHN oh my God ... John stumble backwards . JOHN ( cont would ) {under he breath ) great tragedy on River Ohio ... ( continued ) 215 216 217 218 219 220 221 222 223 115 . continued : 215 and in one blindingly clear instant , all the piece of the puzzle fall into place . John look up , draw by the oddly familiar sight of ... ext . sky - night 216 ..+ red and blue light dance on the low hang cloud . hill leading down to the bridge 217 John 's head snap back down at - on the bridge 218 a Police car - red and blue dome light spin . on the bridge . connie . road leading to the bridge 219 JOHN dash across the intersection and run ... on the bridge 220 John pound on the hood of the car stack up behind the red light . JOHN go! go ! get off the bridge ! in the car : people be scared and confuse . first the weird noise , now this crazy man tell they to run the red light ? what the hell be go on ? most do not bother stick around to find out . road leading onto the bridge 221 slowly but surely the car begin move off the bridge ... on the bridge 222 as the cold wind blow and snow blast all around he , John move along the row of car order people off the bridge until he reach ... in c.d.' impala 223 remember he ? he and Holly tell John about they backseat encounter just one week ago ... 224 225 226 227 228 229 230 116 . on he bridge 224 John pound on c.j 's window : JOHN hurry up ! go ! in c.j.' impala 225 but c.j. ignore John -- he 's get bigger problem ... he stare up at the wire and cable above the bridge . bridge superstructure overhead 226 c.j. 's Pov : shroud in mist and snow , c.j. think he see something perch on a support tower . it look kind of like a giant bird ... on the bridge 227 John look back -- c.j. be block all the other car . screw it -- he yank the car door open . c.j. ( scream ) what the hell be that thing ?! John follow he terrify gaze up to ... bridge superstructure 228 the support tower : nothing be there . on the bridge 229 JOHN what thing ? what be you -- he glance back at c.j. and fall silent : c.j. 's face isa picture of abject horror ... bridge superstructure 230 c.j.' Pov : in the swirl snow he see something . something alive -- with wing and two glow red eye ... be it mothman ? just when the image seem to firm up , a blast of snow obscure it . the shadowy figure seem to tilt it 's head back and we heer a howling shriek ... 231 232 233 234 235 235a 236 117 . on the bridge 231 John hear the SNAP . he look up at the exact spot where c.j. see the creature . and this time he do see something .. bridge superstructure 232 a formless gray Mass streaking toward he from the fog . it coalescé before John 's eye , revealing itself as ... a severe cable : the thick wire whip -saw like a bolt of lightning just inch in front of John 's face and smashes through ... inside c.j.' impala 233 c.j. 's windshield , instantly kill he . on the bridge 234 John back away from the car in breathless horror . a giant gust of wind blow . the ground sway sickly below he foot ... the bridge i 11 collap connie 's end of the bridge 235 the sway be worse . connie be throw to the pavement -- and right before she eye she can see the asphalt crack beneath she ... she scramble to she foot and run from car to car : connie move ! move ! get off the bridge ! wider shot 235 a people be desperate to comply . Problem be , they be in the middle of the traffic jam and could not go anywhere even if they want to . john' end of the bridge 236 John can see connie a hundred yard away at the top of the bridge : JOHN connie ! but he voice be lose in the freezing wind ... 237 238 239 240 241 242 243 244 245 246 118. bridge superstructure 237 at the top of the bridge : more cable SNAP ! on the bridge 238 the severe cable slither and twist around the car like giant metal eel , pulverize everything in they path ! the bridge - wider shot 239 the pavement drop ten feet -- and jar to a stop . this bridge be not gonna make it . on the bridge 240 in the car : people panic . they ram into the car ahead of they in a frantic effort to get the hell off the bridge . connie 's end of the bridge 241 Cars finally begin to move . as the logjam break , connie jump ... int . connie 's cruiser 242 into her cruiser : she grab up the radio to call help , look up just as ... bridge superstructure 243 a cable snake straight at her ! on the bridge 244 connie hurl herself to the floor of the cruiser as the cable shatter the windshield ! int . connie 's cruiser 245 on the floor , connie shake off break glass , scream into the radio : connie all unit ! unit 64 at the Silver Bridge immediate assistance require ! JOHN 's end of the bridge 246 John frantically direct traffic around c.j. 's stop car . more and more car make they way off the bridge ... ( continued ) 246 247 248 249 250 251 252 119 . continued : 246 but as John look back , he realize it 's futile -- there 's just too many car , too many people , and not enough time . he look to connie 's end of the bridge 247 in the middle of it all -- connie -- too far away to stand a chance . JOHN 's end of the bridge 248 it 's happen . the great tragedy be happen . and for the second time in John 's life there 's not a goddamn thing he can do to stop it ... but he have to try . while everyone be move off the bridge , John start run further on , head straight for connie ! the CENTER of the bridge 249 the pavement buckle . John stumble . the distance between they seem to stretch , and the harder John run the slower he go ... a final agonize shriek rise into the sky ! John skid to a stop as inch in front of he foot ... bridge - wider shot 250 E siu aapse ! ni undre ton of steel nere into th river ! it 's a awesome , terrifying sight . the other side of the crumbling bridge 251 and in the middle of it all ... connie' cruiser tumble through space , the red and blue light unmistakably mimick the bizarre sky light see over the chemical factory . broken end of bridge 252 John watch in wordless terror as ... the Mo a prophecies come t: ( continued ) 120 . 252 continued : 252 be ' ath john' feet : tt. shattered asphalt crumble . John sliss , fall -- then g .:s a piecs of break railing . he cling to it desperately , look wo just as ... 253 river below 253 mnie 's iser S : t urface the 254 broken end of bridge 254 John look back . Safety be just inch away ... 255 river below 255 but forty foot below he connie be sink to the bottom of the river . what should he do ? 256 broken end of bridge 256 John let go and drop through the silent , cold , black space ... 257 river surface 257 -.- and splashes into the freezing river ! 258 underwater 258 connie 's car sink through the murky water ... 259 int . connie 's cruiser - underwater 259 connie lie unconscious on the floor of the car as it fill with water ... 260 underwater 260 John frantically swim down into the dark water , search for connie . he see ... 261 river bottom - underwater 261 lucy griffin 's car glide silently to the river bottom ... 262 int . lucy griffin 's car - underwater 262 Lucy see nat belt into he seat , unconscious . she reach over , unbelt he , then grab he head and force she last breath of air into he lung . nat cough , begin to awaken . ( continued ) 262 263 264 265 266 267 268 269 121 . continued : 262 Lucy , work on pure adrenaline , lean past he , shove open he door and push he out of the car . underwater 263 nat thrashes in the water , when out of the darkness -- hand grab he : John 's hand . he grip nat and head for the surface . int . lucy griffin be car - underwater 264 her son safe , Lucy move to follow . but she glance up to see a dark shape descend from above ... river bottom - underwater 265 a giant metal support beam slice through the water . it crush Lucy 's car -- and everything inside . river surface 266 John and nat break through , gasp . it take a moment before John notice the surreal scene around they ... brightly wrapped christmas present : they bob in the water at eye-level against a steel gray sky ... connie 's voice echoe in he mind : connie ( v.o. ) and somehow I know I be die . John 's mind reel with terror : JOHN ( to nat ) can you make it to shore ? nat nod weakly and swim off as John duck back down ... underwater 267 John open he eye , scan the murky water for any sign of connie . then he see it ... river bottom - underwater 268 far below : the distant glare of red and blue light . underwater 269 John dart down through the water to ... 270 271 272 273 274 122. int . connie 's cruiser - underwater 270 ohn sli.her in through the break windshield . but connie be not there . then he see she on the floor , she body still . he grab she , wrap he arm around she , then maneuver they both out through the windshield . underwater 271 John scissors he leg , claw at the water , hang onto connie , swim straight up , desperately move toward ... river surface 272 John and connie burst into the cold air . John hold connie 's head up above the water and we ... river and collapsed bridge - overhead 273 pull back above they to see : pin - point of light surround they in the river . just like connie 's dream . but now it be clear that the light be headlight shine up from the bottom of the river ... fade to : ext . riverbank - nearby - later 274 dozen of firemen and rescue worker tend to the injure as car and body be pull from the river . on the river bank : the coroner 's Men tend to the dead , lining they up in body bag along the river 's edge ... further down : denise smallwood hold a sobbing nat griffin ... and still further down : John klein wait while paramedics finish wrapping connie 's fracture arm in a temporary cast and dress several cut and wound . finally , one nod at he : he can talk to she now . John rush to she side , hold she . connie you be here . JOHN I leave D.C. just after you call . he look into she eye . she seem confuse . { continued ) 274 123 . continued : 274 JOHN ( cont 'd ) you do call I today , do not you ? connie smile up at he . connie I sure do . a squad car pull up ; Kevin leap out and run to connie . kevin Mom ! he crash into she , hug she fiercely . kevin ( cont 'd ) I ... I be afraid that ... he burst into tear . connie hold he , calm he . John watch mother and son hold each other , overwhelm with relief that the incredibly fine line between miracle and disaster in they life do not get cross . connie look out across the devastate landscape ; they be surround by close to a_ hundred survivor , wrap in blanket , some already bandage , other be tend to . we recognize many who escape tragedy thanks to John 's warning . she reach out a hand . John take it . then he put a arm around both she and Kevin . JOHN connie , remember when I say I be bring here for a reason ? connie look into he eye . John lean in close , press he lip to hers . they kiss , both know the answer . Fire Chief josh jessup thread he way through the impromptu field hospital . he trudge up to John , look exhaust . JOHN ( cont 'd ) how bad be it ? josh bad . though I suppose it could have be a lot worse . you save a lot of life today , John . ( continued ) 124 . 274 continued : ( 2 ) 274 275 276 josh gesture to the people stand around they . JOHN be they do search ? josh yeah . they just pull out the last body . that make thirty - six . JOHN Jesus ... connie 's face go white -- but for a very different reason . John see this : JOHN ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? connie {almost to herself ) wake up number 37 ... a chill of recognition run through John ... he hold connie and Kevin close to he , know that all answer will come , eventually ... but for now , the only answer that count be sit with he -- alive -- on the bank of the Ohio River , just outside Point pleasant , West Virginia . ext . ohio river - ( helicopter shot ) 275 as we pull back high above they ... the drown headlight and emergency flasher look just like distant star ... the dark sky begin to rip and tear , electric flash sear we eye with brilliant phosphorescent color . with the SOUND of a wing flap , we be swallow up into a black void . the mothman have leave we world . begin on - screen title : 276 thirty six people die in the collapse of the Silver Bridge . the final cause be blame on overdue maintenance and metal fatigue . a contribute factor be the malfunction of the stoplight at either end , the cause of which be never determine . ( continued ) 125 . 276 continued : 276 mothman be never see in Point pleasant again . however , sighting of giant bird - like creature continue to be report throughout the world . the most recent include Rome , Mexico City , Baghdad and Los Angeles . '' to reach the end of know , be to reach the start of live . '' -- the tibetan Book of the Dead fade to end crawl :