= falcon # 3s : le . the ka . from suan tee be Sat rovel JOHN euston the ceo by dashiell released ; osevecee dla haled ? falcon a sorocn puy | ty John tugton asc 's epon the nevol by bazhtoll famott 's # 2 photography by : Arthur ez doson '' oy _ dirootod by John bustoa oe sl .t : - : '' some , spado , wake '' vi kusphroy B bogurt plat brigid ol shoughnogey . 2 mery astor ~ of . : - , . iva archor " Joel Cairo Lt. of detective dendy . effic poriro . 's faspor gutren 4 dstoctive tex polhet , elle archer , oo vileer cook |. the , glndys ccorce : poter lerro eo 'o Barton uaclane _ - Leo patric loos Sydney croonctroct oe vard bond , ole jorom > conn .. ....- 41 : eliske cook , Jr , i '' jane burke . : morrey aiper * John hort iton '' emory y parnolt olicenan - Robert hommage stonographor__ creighton Dale '' ' hot '' reporter + | - charlos drake os we roportor - blyl lepper , ot ek reporter | font : henn *{ oy . anrounsor | dock korn . " maltese : taloon * '' in yas , 1931 ; at ypowmake be ontitle " Satan vas a zagy " wes poloase in | tut 42936 ... cast cfc in the erder of they appearance .. saevel spade ... oc. kee , be 2 peak ci 7 e . rather plea t over six foot to round slope of make he body se coni - cal -- no broad thick and keev h from fitting very what most private detective would like to be , 2 hard , shifty . : follow , able to take care of a . himself in any situation , able so 's to mat the best of anybody he - come in contact with whether criminal , innocent bystander or client , , 1 25 se spade 's secretary . a lanky , .. sunburn girl of twenty - two or threc , with a shiny boyish fece , bright , direct , unspoil , effie perine ....... alias miss vonderly , pall , pliantly slonder . '' her body be '' 'brigid 0 ! shavchnessy . Le pt le. '' erect and high - broast , er have so '' leg long , she hand and feat se . . narrow . she have dark , soft , - wavy hair , full lip . her eye -' aro timid , childlike at simos . in they apparent innocence . mile archer . .....++.00.. spadet partner . fedium heten , . oo solidly build , wide in ¢? shoulder , th with a heavy - . he 's about es pas '' forty as spade be pust thirty . ns detective tom poleaus .... a barrel - peily , tall man with shrewd , sriall cye , & thick mouth and carelessly shaven dark jowl , : lt.0f detecyive bi Z ... compsetly pullt man y round head unger shortecus : grizzle@ hair and a squer behind shert - cut svizsicd tache . his. eye be hard pebble and so dtlibarate make they focus 2 of mechanic easeen cast of character ( cont . ) iva archer . ccc eee e ew ees sere milost wife . ear more than facinl prettiness i five year past its ment . her body be finely modell ana cxquisite in full - blow way , . fp '' middie . clothss , sevete bnet «eeHotel manager . p2 age , in well fittin he have the insratiat slightly - skeptical manner of the professional host . freed . ces ceveeacce joel cairo . eee e cece ee eee eee darky , emall - bone , of mediun vet height . his hair be black , smooth , giossy . ae have narz shoulder , piurp hip . je twinkle on the finser of hand . Ho speak the rether * too - perfect pengiisa sometime : lo , hear out of foreigner . . be claborately formal anda polite , of tesech boy of nineteen or twenty . my .* wunder-size , palo-lacad wi ih - 0 . * small repular , feature and , light color smail thew that eo . , -. stare bleakiy under long mot eurling lash . eoe House detective , round ane Le sallow of face , compactly build , tidily dress in dark ' clothes kasper gutman ... eae eeeeee flabbily fat with bulbous pink cheek and lip and chin ' anc . mock with a groat soft erg of a belly that be all nis tor ' and pendant cone for arm and leg . his eye , make small ° . fat puff eround they , be ' and sleck . Dark ringlet ly cover he vread sealp . wour a black cutaway goat black . vest , black sit ao . . tie hold a pi stripe grey manner , oo : rath ' affect , be panevolontly as nal . good hunor , tolerance , bonhomie cehe 4n he overy '' cast of character ( cont . ) bryan . ces cece ce eeeee eee 's District Attorney . ne hes a * lofty lorche orator wide mouti Wide df chin , tion have seeed thickly - uniform . he carry stiffly crect . - blue cye be candid and : slow speech carry a siigh scandinavian accent , mate of the " LA paloma " captain jacoby ... ;........ , tall , gaunt , with a deepiy - : ine weather - beat race , frank richman , oe ce eeeseeee ( chauffeur , thick - set , young . oa ish man with @ plaid cap - ' , | * : . a " tough , cheery face . é . ' . ee '' policeman , detective , cab driver , :. asst. dist. Attorney , stcnograsher .- ( hale ) , Hotel clerk , ete . ccc ee eae fade in close shot ow a window upon which the word - spade and reverse , in hig black letter . seo to the [ cft tall tuliding it : cisco 's market Street , to though be Bay eridge . camera pull int . ' office close sxot SAM spade behind he cheap office desk , back to the window , his jaw be long and bony , nis chin a futtin V under the more flexible V of he mouth . the V bif be nick up again by thickish brow rise upward from twin crease above a hook nese . his dark hair grow . to a point or he forehead . he loot rather like Satan . spede be roll a cigarette . ; the scund of the office door open . he do not look up . . . 2 +. spade : | ? yes , sweetheart ' int . office mo . shot effie perine , a lanky , sunburn girl with mey brow , and playful and a shiny , boyish face , shut 's the door behind she , lean against it . : ' . . erfie : there 's a girl want to sce you . her name 's wonderly . * spade : . a customer ? : 's | epfie : I guess so . you will want to sec she anyway . she 's a lnockout , spade : * ( lick he clanrette ) shoo she in , effie darting - shoo hor in , oo ( he put the stznretse .' dn kia mouth ; set ara tte 44 ) st ct se to nee no a no tetpene een renina eetronn paearea en can ' 3 ( cont , ) . the door open seein . effio perino stand with she hand on the loch , . 8 wonlerly ? a vele murmur something , then miss wonder appear , ade 83 slowly with tentative step , look 2 spade with eye thet be both shy end bing . spade rise , dow , indicate with a thick - finger hand , the oaken armchair beside he dosh , . , miss vionderly : ( softly ) thank you , she sit down on though cdge of the chair 's wooden seat , spado sink back into he swivel chair , make a- quarter turn to face she . over so . the tappoty - tap -tap of effie pcring !ts typewriter , spado smilo politely . ymise tooth glisten da though crescent miss wond slyt ansver smile make , sho romain sroct in though chair as if sno oxpect to stay seat ror only a moment : ier hand in dark glove clasp and unclagsp the flat , dark handbag in '' she lap . '' spade : - ( rock back in chair ) . . now what can I do for you , miss wonderly ? she catch har breath , look at hin , swallow , - oe miss wonderly : ( hurriedly ) . could you ~? [ think - I -. thas be ... she torture hor lover lip . only she dur eve speak now , plead . spade smile and neds . spade : . . ( after severni moment ) *- suppese yeu tell mo about 2 % from though + very beginning , ' miss wonderly : : nos that wea in New York , do : yes ? spa '' and now though wordy tunblo . out , hiss wopiii whore she y Z do not imoy '' York . Shots I - only btventecn - same . i friend . pathe and mot ) '' a in banope , : it would xiaa CO rot Wan back batnan a in kow 3 ( cont .2 ) , _ Ho neds as though the rush of word make perfect sense to he , : padie : yos es. spade : miss wonderiy : thoy 'ro come home though first of the month . spade : ( roassuringly ) that give we to woek , miss wonderly : I do not lmow what she have dono until she lottor come . I be frantic . . ( she lip tremble ) I do not lmow what to co . ( pathotically ) what could I do ? spade : - '' ( in the ' gentle tonos one us6 to a child : one the vorge of tear ) ' nothing , of course ... 2ut then , hon ' letter come ? . . : miss wonderly : ' yes. : . ( again the word co tumble forth ) + and I send she a telegrari ask she to como back home . I send it to gen - ' eral Delivery here . that be the only soa address sho guve mo ... I wait a wwholo et week but no answer game ~ and motner 's -' and fathor 's return be grow nesrer and nearer , so I come out here to get she . I write she I be come . i. ' should not have do that , should I ? spade : . it 's not always casy to imow what to go se . you havo not find she ? miss wonderly : no , I have not . I write she that I . would go to the St. Mark ane = begred : she to mest I thero and lot I talk to . she , I wait threa day . she do nit como .. do not aven scnd a mmessago . spado nod , frown sympathetically . mie w077 it be horrible ! wastine = 3 ( cont .2 ) . . os : : miss worderly : ( cont . ) ° wie not know wnat have happen the hor -- what might be happen to she . ( she stop try : to smilie - shudder ) iowroto hor another letter General dolivery . yesterday afteroon I go to the postofficc . I stay there until after dark but I aidnt sec she . I wont there again this morning and still do not seo corinn e~ but I see floyd thursby . : i { spade 's frown 00s avay . in its place como a look of sharp attontiveness , miss wowderly : he would not tell I whero corinne be . . ( nopolessly ) he woulé not tell mo anything except . that sho be well and happy . but not would aaa - - say that anyway , would not he ? . . . . '' . spade : '' it might bo true . se ' miss wonderly : . ce ) ( tremblingly ) . os I hopo it be .. I do hore it be . Bus eo «+ dut . , he say she do not want to seo mo . I can not belicve that . he - eo promise to tell she ho have see I , .. 's and the bring she to soo I , if sho would come , this evening at the hotel . . he say he kmaw she would not , he prom - to isod to como himself if sho do not ws . '' the office door opon . she break . off with a startle hand to she mouth , Tho man who opone though door , come in a step. oa " archer : on , excuso mo = : : . : ( hastily ho take off ~ he brown hat , start ° moe to back out ) . spade : it 's all right , mile . come in . miss vonderly , this be nr. archer , my partnor , archer cuck he head , smile at miss wenderly , shut though door behind he und wake a vaguo will with the hat in he hand . je be of modium hoight , solidly build , wide in though chouldor , thick dn the no th a heavy - jaw , roa paco . he 74 about as many yours past fori to ol 3 ( cont .s ) spade : . sister run a , a niwuea want we find the away from he and baci : home . 's ( he look at miss wonderly ) ' right ? : : miss .. : : . ( indistinctly ) : yes , . 's archer come forward to the corner of the dosk , while *. the girl lock at she bag , he look at hor . his little brown eye run thoir bell apprdise gaze from she low - . ere face to hor foot and up to she face again . thon he look at spade and make a silont whistling mouth of appreciation . spade wink at he . spade : it 's simply a matter of have a man at the hotel this evening to shaduy he when he lcad we to you sister . if she doos not want to leave he after : to. - . welvo find she - well , there ave way - . |. of manage that . archer : ( he voizo heavy , . coarse ) youne 's . . '' wiss wondorly look up quickly . foar shov on she face . . miss wouderly : ' '' , oh , but 's you mist be careful . ce {her vole shake a vo littlo and she lip shapo though woixis with nervous jorkiness ) I be deathly afraid of he '' of what he might do . sho 's so vounc and he tringing she here fre wt York ia such a sévlouse - minht n ' 's he -- ' mignt not hoe do somothing to hor ? spade smile , pat the asm of he chair .- - : spade : ~ just loave that to we . vwolll imow wess de Mat 5 ( cont .4 ) hiss womerly : ( earnestiy ) but I vant you +o immew that he 's a dangerous man , '' I honestly contt think he would stop at anything I do not baliovo nota hesitate to -- to kill corinne if ho think it would save he . archer : '' can he cover up by marrying she ? niss womderly : ( blushos in confusion ) he have a wifo and three child - in England . a , _. spade : . thoy usually ' do though not al - way in England . ( roaching for pen - cil and pad ) - what doas he look like ? . spade makos note as she talk . . . miss wonderly : . ' he have dark hair and thick cye - . > . brow , Ho telk in a low '' _ ; blustery way . he -give the im - pression of be --.a violent '. person . . . spade : thin , nediwa or hoavy=built ? miss wonderly : quite athletic . he 's broad - shoul - dere and have what could be call 'a military carriage . Ho be wear '' q@ light gray suit and a gray net - when I see he this morning . spade ( lay 2 a ' the poneil ) '' :- what doos he do for a live ? miss wonderly : | I havea't the slightost idea , spade : at whet time be ho come to seo " you ? . ( corpinged ) % ( contss ) wig wonderly : ry after oipht ctelock . a we ° arceer ; , ( antersoet ) T will look after 1t nysolz . spado give hima glance of conscalcd amusement , miss wonderly : {eathotsestiy grato - : 2 . : thank you ... thank you . she open she hendbag with nervous finger , bring out ' ' two bill , put they on spade 's desk , : miss wonderly : will that be enough ? spado nod . she give sp2do hor hand . then , in the samc grateful tone : co a kiss wonderly : =f * thank you .. thank you . I a . spade : * , not at all ... tem help some if you meet thursby in : though loboy . ot , miss wonderly : ot wha. oo . archer : ' you do not have to lool : for I , '' t!11l seo you ali right , she nod . spade go to the doo : with iiss wonderly . miss wonderly : ( repeat once again ) thank you ... . when sho ts gene , spade come back to he desk . archon have pick up cne of though vilis , . be examine it . ( continued ) % ( cont .g ) : archer '' . ( growl complacently ) thoy 'ra rigat oncuch . ( he fold if und tuck 1t into he vost pocket ) and they havo orother in she bag . spade pocket the other bill before sit down . : spade : what do you think of nor ? : arciter : sweet . . ( guffaw suddenly ) maybe you see she first , Sam , but zi speak first . Ho put he hand '' in. he trousers pocket and teeter on he heel . spade , behind he desk , grin wolfisniy at archer , show the edge of he tooth far back a he jaw . . . , . : : . spade : - you have get brain . yes , you have . : he begin to make a clgarette . '' ee sn. passonve 20 : 4e darigiess :a telephone be ringing . ' it ring threc time . then the SOUND of bed -spring creaire and cf the instrumen bo lift . . . : oe . spady' voice : hello ... yos , spsake eo . Dead ? ... yos «.. Fifteen minute e+e where ? «ee Bush und stockton ... thanks o.. a the SOUND of the instrument be replace , follow by the click of a switch . . be int . spade be roo : S ( cort . ) ° ge " . - camera , the policeman put out a arm . par and of he neck , reach for a packot of brown pay ay a sack of tobacco by the telephone , make a cigarctse with deliberate care , lick it , put it . in nis isouth . the curtain at the two open ngow flutter , prom across the bay concas the dull moan of the aleatraz fog horn . spade sit for several moment with tae cold cigarette in he mouth . then he reach for the tolsphone again , dial a number . . wait for the answer , he , shiver . . : spade : ( inte telephone ) send a cab to eeee dissolve 70 : mo . shot . front of second CLASS aparthent bldg . night the overhead arc throw light on face at the windoy camera pull pack past a uniform policoman , who be chew gum , to include the simn on the lamp post : BUSH STREET . Cars ere park helter - skelter on either side of the street . a taxi come into scene , stop in the middle of the strect . spado get out , give the driver moncy . as ha start across the street toward - : policeman : what do you want hero ? / . . '' spade : - I be Sam spade Tom polhaus phone '' C -' . . . policehar : ( recognize he - . he arm gocs down ) . tdy not mow you at first . they 'ro - back there . . . ( he jerk .a thumbd over he shoulder ) - camera pan with he toward a alley - way in which a dark ambulance stand . . mo . shot the alley - vay 83 spade onter .- lt be border on one sido by a waist-high fenco . spade eross to a place where a ten-foot longth of the top rail of the fense have deer tear from - u post at one end and hang dangle from the other . Ho look dom , I , ow '' tse maltese falcon " 7 " , long shot = the hillsi pa . nigh ? shoot over spado 's shoulder . from though foot of fonco the hillside drop stesply a down the slope a fiat bouldar stic in the angle between though bouléer and 's point a camera . a bulb flash and we get ary glinpse of a body lie on the boulder . with light move up and 's down the slopo . one of then . raise 2 torch so the beam strike spade in the face . polnaus : : ( call ) hello , san. lower the denm , Tom polhaus clembor up to the alley , he shadow run before hin , topping over though fence , he join spado by the break rail . re be 8 barrol - bollicd , gall man with shrewe , small eye , fis . shoe , he hand and he knoe , aro cover with mud , ; '' " polhaus : I figure you would want to . soo it before will tock he away . . . spade : thanks , - Tom ; what aappon ? ! ' polhaus point at he own loft broast with a muddy finger , oe : polhaus : get he right through the pump with this , he tako a flat revolver from he coat pockot , hold it toward spedo pus spado doas not ' take it , aftor a momont polnaus flash he aight on it . mug inlay though depression in though rovolver 's surfaco . polhaus : . " a wobloy . English , be not it ? spado tako he elbow from the fenco Post , loan down to look at though woapon but do not teuch it . spade : yos. webloy - fosbery Automatic ro ~ volver , thirty - at , gicht shot , tacy do not mako thom anymoro . how many gono out of i ? . 7 ? . polnaus : . onc pil2 . ( ho poke he 2 ory bronst age ) on " BU ( von. } : . '' ( speak onic kio be shut up here , huh ? ... standin , gm you arc with hi to the fence . Tho man that 's : stend hero . : ( he go in front of | polnhaus and raise he and chest high with a ' levele fore - finger ) mile gocs back , take the tep off the ferco and go on through and . dom till the rock catch he that it ? a ] . poleaus : that 's it . cle ( he work he . brow together ) the biast burnt he ooat . oo spade : . , who find he ? ; * polhaus : . man on the beat . oo | spade : . " anybody hear the shot ? a - [ .. somebody must have , - ' .° , here , San , '' . to ( turn he put 4 . leg back over the fc get 3 ) ns come dovm for a look at he veforo he 's move ? : : spade : _ ( shortly y no . polhaus , astride the fence , look at spade with sur - prisod , small oyo . . . spade : ' you have seon everything I coulda polhaus nod coubtfully , w: row leg from the fonco . . polhaus : his gun be tuck away on he hin . tt hadn 's be fire . '' his overcoat : be buttone . there wag & hundred gollar bill in he vost , pocket and thirty some bueien in nis prtt .... be ho worl sraa ? . & ( cont . 2 ) after a momont 's hesitation , Sam nodo .. . '' polhaus : woll ? spade : he be suppose to be tailing a fellow name fioya thursby . > polhaus : . what for ? spade put he hand into he overceat pocket , blink sleepy eye at polhaus : : polhaus : ( impatiently ) ? . : - spade : ° — - we be try to find out whore he live , . ' what of 's '' fo grin slightly , take he hand from he ppocket , . pat - polhaus ! . shouider , . . spade : a do not crowd I . * sl , ( he hand go back . : into he pocket ) ' I be go out to break the news . to wile 's wire . .- . ( he turn away ) polnaus , scowling , open he mouth , . close it , with - out have say anything , clear nis throat , put she seow ) off he face and speak with a husky sort of gentleness , : polhaus : it 's tough ~ hin get it like thas , .. nile have he fault same as the rest of we but I guess he must of hed somo g90d point too , . . spade : - 's I guossa so , he gocs toward ths mouth of sho alley , the brick to he leave rerleaty the light of another flash bul : med..sho ? p = BUSH STREET ' eigur spado come out of the alloy , turn dew Bush Street , . Tho wnifornsd policoman ia on though sidowalle now . pr aveman no . 9 ( cont . ) . . politician : ( as spade pessos ) bad business . . spade : bad enough , another car puil up . xo mon get out , ono in uniforn , ond cross toward the alley , ‘ho first policcmen salute the one who be nos in uniform . Space go en down though st roat , wlpe to : - 10 . , int . drug store close shot spade - in tolephone booth , receiver to he oar . Tho receiver : yropeat the ringing scund four time . thon : * 2 : . spade : holt. ( into phono ) :) 2 effie - it 's mo ... liston , procious +esmilos have be shot .... yos .. , Ho 's dead ... now do n'¢ get excitod .. , ' yos ... you will havo to break it to iva ~ I 'l} fry first - and koep har . co sway from mo ... that 's a good giri = '' to not get right ovor thore ... you be a the angol .... byo. : : Ho hang up , opon though door , leavo though booth . camera pan cs ho goos out of drug stereo and up though street . dissolve 70 : will . int . spade's room the tinny elarm clock on the volume of " celetrate criminal caso " say 3:40 wnon spede turn on the light . he drop he hat eon overcoat on the bed a exit into the kitchen , return after a momont . v: tall bottle of bacardi . Ho pour # drink , 6 stand , pour another , over SCE : i _ stroot - door tusser . spade 's one make no move until the bus oule opnin , sighing , ho go to thy tol no vox hoalde he bed - room door , prossos a button at rolonsa the stroe to door lo stend scowling ut the bl.ek toleshone over S the grete und rattling of though '' 4 door in though sorricor opa and cloning . again , mova ante the corr , '' 12 , close shot = in , corrzdor as spada opsn the door on the barrel ? - polheus , and lioutenent dundy . spado 's his ayo leso thoir harassod oxproa3ion . spade : * ( to folnaus ) ' hello , Tom , ( to duney hello , liowtenaht . come in , '' thoy nod together , neithor say a thing , and entor , } & be yang not spado shut the door as thoy go toward he bodroom , 33 . mo . shot int . spade bedroom spade , polhaus , , : . - dundy sido of though bed . Tho tioutonant tako c chair beside though table , liouwtonant dundy be a compsctly - uilt mn ' with a round hoad and short - cut grizzle naic and & - squere faco bohind a short - cut &rizzlod moustache , a . livo-dollar 60ld piceo be pin to he nacktis and thore be a small oleborata dismond - set score socloty . omblom on he lapal , he oxamine the room with hare , _* goliborzte eyo , thon he look at polhaus , who shift " uncomfortably on the sofa , : & , . 's . ; polmaus : '' ; do you break though now to hilo 's , wifo , San ? : , oo spade : * uh-huh , c.f : _ polhaus : how would sho take it ? spade : . ( shaking he head ) . : 2 do not know snything about woron , - se ( continued ) '' as polhaus sit on _an oid of though sofa and spado on the ? ' 2 avenir gy . poleaus : ( uofily ) sine when , do not you ? the licutenan put hig hand on he imee , ward , fix nis cye - on spade fa a peculiar ? stare as if they focus wear a matter of moc to be change sy pull a lever . . dundy 's what kind of gun do you carry ? spade : : , . ' ( easily ) : : none . TI do not like they much . : or course , there be some at the office . ' '' dundy : you do not happen to heave one hore ? . . . . , . * . . . a the not ' , spade shake he head . : . '' dundy : ss you sure of ' thet ? lo ee lo spade : - " . '' look ' around . - noe - loft cot - ( smile , he wave : . he ompty slass } turn the dump upside - down if you want . I wonl squawit <= if you have '' get a search warrant * polhous shift he seat on the sofa again , '' blow a dcop brzath out through he nosa . vo . ' ee : polhaus : . uo lt mo : ( plaintively ) _ cos : welro not want to ’make any trovdle , som , ~ o : spade : ' '' ( ammore polhaus '' .. to dundy } . - idontt like this , '' nat aro you '' suck aroumd for ? poll I or~ ' : get ous} : : _ che riso ) poliaus : a. ' . ( plead ) the . you can not & we thet way , Sam it be not rg '' 9 get we work . '' to do . . . soot . : ~ ( coutinven ) 13 ( cont .1 ) duady junn up , stand close to spade , thrust nis - Square face up to though taller man' . , dundy : why wear you stalling thursby ? : spade : iwas not .. mite be .. for the sw oll reason that have have a clicnt who be pay good United States moncy to have he tail , durdy : ' whot the client ? spade : sorry - can not teli you that .. . : polhaus : __ ( begging ) be reasonable , Sam . give we a " < choneo .. how can we turn up any o. thing on hike !s kill if you will not tell we what you have get ? : dundy : Tom say you be in too much of of hurry to even stop for a look at you dosa partnen .. : '' polhaus growl something , hang he head , - / and you do not goo to archor 's house to tell he wifce . ko call up and the girl in you office way there and she ' saia you tell hor to ow . : spade 's face be stupid in its calimess .. dundy :- I give you ten minute to pot to 4 phone and do you talk to though girl , I sivye you ten minuto to get to thursbyt joint .. goary noar leavonvorth you could do it cesily in that tine , . , . ( conpinged ) ~ lie . 13 ( cont .2 ) sp. ( to polhau what 's you bey friond got at , Tom ? . durdy : just this . ( he tap spade ! 's ' chest with the imuckle of tvo bent . finger ) . 5 thursby be shot down in front - of he hotel about palf a hour after you leave Bush stroet . spade : ( scparating he : word ) keep = you = pavs = off '' mol . . dundy : ( he oye arc . : pale disk ) * . what time do you get . home ? wa / spade reach for he tobacco and paper , start + make a cigarette . . . spade : ( candidly ) . I camo in just a few minute et , . ahead of you . I be walk " + around think thing over , : dundy : yo , je know you be not hore . : we try to get you cn the phone . where would you walk to ? : spade : : ( lick he . 's . cigarettes ) , out Bush strect a way eo . * dundy : soe anybody that yee ? '' ( corre 15 ( go .3 ) - . . spade : no - no witness . ( he jiush pleagantiy ) sit down , dundy . you havenit finish you drink . : ( to polhaus ) } anotiier one , Tom ? poliiaus : no thanks , San . dundy sit gown but vay no attention to he Glass , spade fill he own glass , drinic , then himself sit down again on the side of the bea , 7 . spade : '' 's +. * I know where z stand now . oo ( he look with fricndly . . eye from one man to woe the othor ) - sorry I get up on my hind leg , but you bird try to ' rope I make I nervous . mile get knock off bother I ang then you bird crack ing foxy . that 's a1 right how though ~ now that I know whet you 'ro ot up " tee . do , . *o polhaus : tor + '' forget at : . . : pot ho *. , '' spade : o> | thursby die ? . : : lot : _ poluaus : . . yes , cea : spade : co how dia I ki1z he ? I forget . : polhaus : ( grunt gisgustedly - then ) he be shot four time in the back so with a oda op °45 from across ' the Street , nobody see it but thetls the way it figure , : . spade ; Hotel ' pcoplo know anything about he ? , . . - polmaus : ; =~ . * nothing '' acept hold be thare a weok , se ( coxvrsump ) 12 ( cont .5 ) . : spade : alone ? bos ' poliaus : . ( nod ) alono . . SF ade : ( make a caroloss gesturo can with he ciyzaratto do you find out who ho . be ? eee what he gnuo-was ? .. , do you ? dundy : wo think you could toll we that . spad rogards the lioutonant with eye that hold on oxaggorate amount of . candor , .¢ : . spade : I have never soon thursby ~ doad or ' alive , dundy get up again , his lower lip pushos the word out , : + , . wea _ . dundy : pt , you imow I , spudos ir you do it a be '' 7 , - op you do not , you will get a square cee . '' '' , deal out of mce , and most of though ! break , I de not lmow thet I would dlamo zs 7 " 's you a lot «tho man that kill you . ' " pertnor , . paw ( he oyo becoma oe herd as pobblos ) but that would not koop I from nail - . ing you . . '' ( evenly ) : -' - Fair onough .1 , but I would foe bdettior about ' it if . you would havo a érink with I , spado pour bnesrel into tha thrvoo ginss os , fives one , *t0 coach of the dotoctivo , then raise he own . spade : suceass to crime ! dandy barely touch he linute to though glass , put it down and start out . polheus drink he off , put he hand ous verdly . spade shoke the hand , then polhsus folloy he supsrior inte ¢he vostibulo anc tha hall , as spado atar ts to undrouss '' fade we , 20 , fade I n '' 14 , close shot a glass paneled doon on it in black gold - edgod letter : ' spade and archer spade onter scone , open the gor , foe into the outer office , 15 . . | inp . outer orrice as spode enter , effie perinc be at she desk open _ the morning mail . she put down a handful of envelope " and a brass paper knife , frown at spade , efti£ : - ( vodee low and warning ) . she 's in there , - , - spade make ' the faco of one who have on ugly taste in _ he mouth . 2 loe . , wi spade : ( he voice lov ) so , T tell you to keep hor away ' lo effie : : ae , ( arritably ) , to yes - but you do not tell m how . ( ner shoulder droop - wearily ) do not be cranky , Sam . I have she all night . os - spade put he hand on the girl 's hoaa , smooth she - " bair , oy ee se : : spade : ' sorry , angel , I do not moan -. , ( he broal off a though door to the inner se office onsn ) fone -- hello , iva , iva : oh , same . she be a blonde woman of a few more year than thi her facial prettiness be perhara five vear past i best moment . hor body in black chothas from hat '' shoe , be finely modo} and cxanisiie . she sten from the coor and au wait por spad ide . he he hend from pifie perinet heud , enter though inne offico rtye - ben to oo ten ale koe .. , loose , she keep she arm up as he leave they . ar after the 's a little movement lease she sss she face to he i begin sovbing spada stroke she shoulder say : spade : poor darling ! his voice be tender but he eye , on the desk across the room from he own = the desk that have be he partner 's - be angrye ile turn he chin aside to avoid contact with the crown of she hat . spade : do effie attend to overyth ? iv as |. . yos , ; I think so ... oh , sameer - spade 's tecth show in a impationt grimace . he bend he head for 4 surreptitious look at the watch on ais wrist . the woman stir in - he arm , raise she face , : . her oye dre wet , round and white -ringe . her mouth be moist . , . ut : ' . ia : oh , Sam ooo ( she moan ) do you kill he ? : - spade take hia arm from eround she , step back , starc at she with bulg eye , he bony jaw hangin . lo cloud she eye . her soft , damp red lip tremble . spade laugh ~ a narsh syllable , go to the window , stand there look eut until she sart towards he then he turn quickly , gocs to he desk , sit coun a lock at she with eye that glitter between narrow lid '' spade : . ( coldly ) | who put that bright idca in you hoad ? have iva : I thought ss . ' she lift & hand to she mouth ond fresh tear come to hor cyca . she move with easy , sure - foct grace to a place bosido the desk . : " ( conpiuued ) 16 ( cong . ) . : iva1 ( humbly ) ba kind to I , Sam , Ho laugh again , he eyo still glitter , : spade : you kill my husband , Sam . bo kind to mo ! ( ho clap he hand togethor ) iva bogin to ery audibly . spadot jaw musele bulge , thon he take a geep breath , make he face oxpress - ' lonluss , got up , goos around though desk to stand behing she ; put he arm around she , - spade : . ( softly ) uo ' now .. do not ... iva ... do not ... ( ho put he mouth to hor car and whispor ) you should not have come hera today , darling . you ought to bs homo . ive turn Ground in he arm to fico hin . * ' iva : . you will como soon ? ' spade : as soon as I can , ( ho lead hor to the door , opon i¢ goodbyo , iva , : . Ho bow hor out , shut though door , roturn to he gosh , - Ho tako tobseco ane cigarottc papers from he vest bocket but doos not roll of cigarotte , eo sit hoicd though papor in ono hand , tobacco in the othor , and look with brood oyo - not he desc partnor 's dosk , presontly effio porino open the dvor , como in , yrfie : ( quiotly well ? ° spade say nothing . his brood gaze doos not movo from he partner 's dosk . oo : efpie : ‘( in a louder vote . how do you and the wiicow make out ? spie : so you could marry hor ? spado make not reply to that . the girl lean over , tale the papers and ihe tobacco sack . spade : Tho police think I shot thursby ... the guy milo be tailing for the wonderly girl -- who do you think I shot ? effiet thin finger shape the cigarette , she lick smooth it , bite though end and placo it betwoon spadg 's finger . : spade : ' thanks , honey , Ho put a ‘arm around she slim waist , rost he cheek wearily against she hip . . . . . efpie : | : , be you go to marry iva ? . '' | > + ( sho snap he desk lightor ) . oot spade : 7 . do not be silly , . . for to : ( ho put the end of he clos ' elgarette to though flame ) os ' iwish I have never laid eye en she , . effie : maybe you do now . . - ( a trace of spitofuiness come into she voice , '' lean over for a viow of he face ) : . do you suppose sho could have kill nin ? ' spade sit up straight , take he arm from hor waist , . . smilo at she , | 's . spade : ( tenderly ~ through though snoke ) youtre qn angol ..: a nice rattlo - brain angel} . effi£ ; - ( weyly ) | - oh , be 2 ? suppose I tol you that you iva have not basn nena many ininute whon io arrive to break the now ef thros o'clock this morning ? . spadot cfes be immediately mort. spade : hive , wen oe 6 ( cont . 2 ) efpie : ( nod } she kopt mo wait a % the door whilo she undress . her clothes be - on a chair whore she have dumpod thom - hat '' , and coat . underneath . her singlet on top be stili warm . sho have wrinkle up the bed but though wrinkle wear not a mashed down . . spade : ( pat effie 's hand ) . se you be a detoctivo , darling , but ... sah et ( shaking he head ) sco a > '' . she do not ili hin yo , ce effie : : ' " do the police really think you | shot cre. this what 's-his -nano ? . , he brushes the ash off he cigarettes . poort a : '' - gppie : 7 ; ( ansist ) do they ? 's 's spade shrag . a CO at a , take at I , San . he obey with elaborate seriousness . . efpie : . you worry | mo . you alwey think you ~ know what you be do but you be too slick for you own good , and some dey - " you be go to find it . out , : ' spade ' grin mociingly at she . the telephone ring . effie take ap the receiver . ce .. a effie : lat : ( intg phone ) ° : . spade and archer ... oh , yes , miss . wondorly eee _ spade take though phone from hor hand . to spa 's os - . '' {into phone ) . a hello ... yes , this be Sam spade ... I be just go to call you ... oh os . : ( aftor 'a short pouse ) . . . how 's that ?... oh ..«. whoro aro you ?... - . Tho coronot on California stroot , apart - 74 : mont 1001 ... .° : as spade . repoat the addre S , effio ' write it down on '' & slip of papor . . . have ilost desk mo though " spade and apere dos and window and put on , he turn to the door , hesitates to bent + '' ine es , £ back to the desk , pick up the slip of paper c i the address be > llamo , it until sh , then drop it % out with nis toot . sritton , tsy out he lighter , suunp ss on - gnd set fir ts the alip of raper , ee he qll but ono corner be curling black a on though linoleun ang mashos i dissolve ' to : int . hallyay coronet apartrert close shot spade press the buzzor of apartment 1001 , / in a beltca green erepa dress , ‘ly . her face be flushod , - sido sweeping back in looso ' be somewhat tousied , hiss wo open ths door her hair parte on wavo over she right temple , . spade : . : I . ( take off he hat ) . ' good morning . . : miss wonderly : - : ( lower ‘her head - then in - . & hushed timid voico ) : come in , hir , spado . . . int . live room : sovoral bag stand open on spade entor from the hail , : miss wonderly : everything be upside - down , I have not even sinisheda unpack , py a though floor . miss wonderly a , she lay he hat on a table , sit down en a walnut set - oo. spade sit on a brocade oval - back chsin , pace she , sho look at ‘her finger , work thon together , then : . : miss wonderly : Mr. spade , itvo a torriblo , terrible confossion to make , - - ' : . . : Ho smile '' polit smilo . . " miss worderly : : to that. +- that stery I tell you yostorda to wo2 g1 ] -- 2 atory . she starenay hin with m od oyun ) as , look at S : isorablo trighton - . : 40 ( bai . ) be spade : oh , that ... . ( ls ghtiy ) wo €ia not oxestly believo you story miss -- ii -- be you name nonderly or lablanc ? hiss vonderliy : ( work hes fingor again ) ' it 's roally o'shaughnessy ++ dbrigic o' shaughnossy . spade : wo do not oxactly balievo you story , miss o'snaughnessy . we bolicv you two hundred dollar . ' brigid : '' you mean ...? : spade :. se i.mean , that you pay we more than if '' you . have be tclling we though truth ... ( blandly ) ‘ee ond enough more to mako it all rigat . brigid : ( bite she lip ) Mr , spedo , tell mo ... oo ( she face bocome ' haggard , cyos _ desperate ) be I to blamo -- for last night ? . * spade : : you warn we that thursby be : dangerous . of courso , you lie to we abtut you sistor and all - but that do not count . wo do not believe you . a ' : ( ho shrug he sloping shoulder ) T would not say it be you fault . brigic : oo ( vory softly ) . . thank you , ' . : . ( sho put she hand to hor throat ) Mr. archer be so = so alive yustoie= day , 30 solid and hearty and ... + spade : : ( sharply ) co stop it . no know what he be do . whosu aro the shaneo we tuko . 7 ( cortinved ) 18 ( cont .2 ) : brigid : be «= be ho marpicd ? spade : oo , yos , with ten thousan insuranso , no child end a wife be dsant '' dike hin . brigid : oh , please dontt ! spade : ( shrugging again ) that 's the way it be , he glance at nis watch , got up , spade : . : i - anyway , there 's no time for worry - i ing about that . now , - . ( nod he ' head toward the windo ) out thore a flock of policeman and assistent distri attornoy '' be run around with they nose to the ground , : brigia meva ovor on the sofa , make & place for hin _° boside hor = bus spade remain stand , : . ms brigid : ( she voico thin and tremulous ) . Mr. speie , de thoy know about mo ? spade : '' not yot . I have beon stalling thom '' + until I could soe you . brigin ; must they know about I at all , Mr , spade ? conldant you somchow '' manage to shiold I from then ? . so I will not havo to answer they quostion ? . spade : maybe . but , itll nave .to know what at 's all about , '' sho rigos , pat a thaid hand to he coat . sleove . brigid ; 4 I oca not tell you ~- I can not tet . i you now «= tow to will -- vhon I 4 con . you must grunt ea the a. ae fb ( cont . 2 ) brigtid : ( con ' oh , I be se alono and afvnic ! I have pot novouy to holp mo if you will not . gip moe , ( voge be generous , '' spade . you be strong . youlre brave . you can sparc I some of that strength and courage , surely . : . ( she drop to hor . ' knee , she hand , , : touch he , . t cling pitifully ) | uelp mo , Mr. spade ! TI neod help i so badly . i'tvo no right to ask you but ido ask you . holp mo ! spade '' empty he lung with a long sighing exhalation . . spade : | you will not need much of anybody 's ' holp . you be good . it 's chiefly you eye , I think , and that - throb you get into ' ycur voice vhen you say thing like " bo genorous , Mr. spade . " : . ' sho jump to hor foot . her face blanching painfully , . but sho hold she head eroct and she look spade + straight in the oye . . - brigid : ( voico chill ) i deservo that . but -- oh -- the lio be in the way I say it and ~ot at all in yhat I say . ( lip tromble slightly , but , head still crect ) it 's my own foult that you can not deliova I now , spado 's face darkon . ha lock down at though floor , spade : : : : ( muttore ) ' now you be dangerous . brigid o' shaughnessy coe to the table , pick up he hat . sho come back and stané to front of he , hold though hat for hin to take if ho wishos , hor faco be thin , haggard , so . - . ( continued ) 28 ( cont , 5 ) she mit wile not , qssainst trus you blindly except +. be ahle to do '' have n'¢ soy at itis all about , for. instance , I have get to have somo sort of line on you ployd thursby , a he het on the table slip down onto the . ' settoo cpein , brigia o! brigid : I mot he in the oriont . ( trace with point fingor a figura eight on &® sofe pillor ) we come here fron licngite tast woek . Ho haa bromisad to holp mo . he take advantage of my dopondenco on he to detrey mo , - : spade : betray you how ? shaughnessy shale har head and say nothing , spade ; ( teking a new tack , : why do you want nim shadow ? ' do he k412 archer ? brigid : T wantod to learn how far he have gono , whom he be moot , thing like that , spade : brigid ; ( surprised ) yos , cortainiy , spanr ; Ho have a luger in he . shouldor holaten , varcher be not kill with a luger , ' . 's brigid : . ployd always carrioad a oxtrn ron volver in he ovomcont pocket , 1e@ ( cont .4 ) he heir , spade : why a 11 the gun ? brigin : he live by they , the sto : ain nonghong be that he first ove to the orient ag bodyguard toa gawbler who have to leave though States - that the gembler have since disappear and that floyd know about he disap pearance , tj do not - lnow . I do iknow that ho always go heavily araod and that he never wont to sloep without - cover the floor avound he bed with crumplod newspaper se nobedy , could como silently into he room . spade : you pickod a nice sort of playmete , brigid : , ( simply ) only that sort covld have help .me -- if he have beon loyal . spade : ( pinching he lower lip betwoen ringor and thumb ) how bad a hole aro you actually in ? brigid : { the chill come back into she voice } ' as bad as could bo , spade ; physical danger ? brigid : I be net heroie. , I do not thint thore be anything worse than death ! spade : thon it 's that ? ++ brigid : it 's that as auroly as wotro sit - bang here ... . ( sho shivor ) see unless you help mo . ' spade rolonsa hia lewor lip , rung he fingor through conn tmnt b18 ( cont .5 ) . spade : who kill thursby ? you cnemio or hig ? . : ' brigid put a crumplod handkerchiof to hor mouth , spoak re . through it , . . . brigid : I do not know . his , L suppose , but I be afraid ... I do nor know . spado max a growl animal noiso in he throat . spade : this be hopeless , Z£ do not know what you want do , I do not even - , know if you lmow what you want . . oo . ( he reach for . . '' he hat} . brigid : ( begging in a somowhat choke . - voice ) you we not go to the polico ? spade : ( he voico loud ° . . af ae with . rage ) 's sr ) 3 + " go to then ? - woot . ( put he hat be . on he 's head , . . pull it down tightiy ) all I have get to do be stand still and they will bo swarm all over I . well , I will ] tell thon all I know and you will havo to take you chance , the girl riso from the sottee and stand very straight in front of hin , hold she white , panicestricken faee high , though sho cennot hola the twitching museclas of mouth and chan aball , , brigid : . you have boon pationt .. you 'vo 's try to holy mar , it 's hopoigas , and use - loss , I suppose . : : ( sho stretch out _ : hor right hand } I thank you for what you have do . e- io -- I will havo to take my chance , ' spado malzus though gyowl , animal noise 4 m he throat again , thon : ' . ( cont .g ) . : spade : ( abruptly ) how much monoy heve you get ? Tho quostion startles hon , bricid ; ( roluctantly ) I 'vo about five hundred doliar loft , , _ spade : . give it to mo , she hesitates , look timidly at he . he make a '' angry gesture . she ger into she bedroom , return almost immediately with a sheaf of Paper in one hand , Ho tako tha money from she , count it . thon : . spade ; ( scowling ) . : thero 'l only four hundred here , brigid : 7 ( moekly ) _ iz have to keep some to livo on , ee .dshe raise a oot , as : hané to she .- : for Leo " broast ) - | . : : spade ; so ( brutally ) * can not you ges any moro ? : brigid : '' no. , spade : you must have something you can roise monay on , ; brigid : '' I have sono ring - a little jowolry , - spade : you will have to hocis : they . ( ho hold out : he hand ) brigic loolss ploadingly at he . mis eye be hard and - implacebla , wily sho put ker hand into tha neck of she adress , bring out a slomler roll of billa , sive then to he , Ho smootha though bill cut , count they , give hey baci : two of the five bill , put the otherg in he pocket , - * 3 il ( conerxuian ) # 25 ( Cone . ) Ho loaf at she de be lookin Glass pan . or the " e - tupted to sho nod , sho pick though innor int . spade's outer office wed . shot efm perine at work there . phe word " ss pass of spado inte the room . : spadk : t!'12 be back as soon ag I can with the best a I con manugo , D ') 1 ring fou a -- long - short -long -shor «= so you ! 12 know it 's mo , you nood not como to 9 door with mo . I can ist myself out , hor stand in though centor of though floor loo - ing efter he with dazod bluse oye , . mo dissolve to ; + sic , she olbow on on opon nowspapor . , she & at the corridor door , through though frost cl will see the shadowy form of a man who be ual " and " sp " and most show through in severso , ag effio watch , iy the " a " be complote ind though " qi ! bogun . it be inter . allow for tha open of the door and the spade : '' ' to anything stir ? st . effle shakos hor heed . .* : ae spade : do you send flewor for mo ? spad : you be invaluadie , engol . get my lawyer on the phone for mo , up though phone , dial a numbor . spade go into offico , a ro - ( continued ) we 20 . 19 ( cont . ) . effie : ( into phone ) Mr. wiso 'for gamucl spade plensa ... ons moment , mare w1isd + sccee sho pressos n tutton on she deske then , she gnzo be ~ turn to though roveras lettare on the door , she hang up . . int . spade's inner office md . close siot spade seat behind he desk with the phono clamp between he shoulder and ear so that he hand be froe to mal .& chgaratte . . spade : of {into phone ) _ I think I be go to nave to tell a coroner to go to blaze , sid . can I hide benind the sactity of _- my client 's secret and identity --* and what - not , all the sam priest . op lawyor ? . : ( listen , ho lisle . . the cigarette , then : ) } . I lmov ..- but dundy 's get ram ~ ae vunctious - and maybe it be a little an bit thick this timoese . ( light cigarette ) - how much will it cost to os on the | safe sida ? , .. okay ... I guess it 's worth ite go ahead ... byoe '' he lean back in he chair , survey the offiee through smoko . hile archer 's dec’ be go ane though window ssy simply " semucl spede " now . effie come in , close the door behind she , come over to he desk , put a card down before he . .. jt insert : engraved card nr , jool Cairo back to scene : spado pick up though card , lift it to he nose , look at effie with arched brow . ~ eyfie :. lo ( norl ) gardonial spade : Quick ! '' in with he , darling ! craseenenten _ — — — — . 20 ( cont . ) chair . sho go to the door , open it . effie : : w211 you come in , ir. Cairo . coiro come in and she goos out . Mr. . jocl Cairo be a small - bene , dark man of modiwn hoight . wis hair be black and smooth and very glossy . a squarc - cut ruby surround by baguette . diamond gicam against he dark cravat . his black cont cut tight to narrow shoulder flare a little over plump hip . his trovacra fit bi leg more snugly than the current fnshiou . the upper of he patent leather shoe aro hide py fan spat . he hold a black derby hat ina chamois - glove hand , he com toward spade with short mincing , bobo step spade incline he head at he visitor and thon at a spade : sit down , lir . Cairo - Cairo bow elaborately over he hate cairo : I thank you . he sit dovn , primiy place he hat on he kmeo and begin to draw off he chamois glove . we . spade : . : {( procisely as he ' versus . ad@ress the same ad . question to brigid o' shaughnossy when . : she first appear ) . now , what can I do for you , tir . caire ? Cairo turn nis hat over , drop he glove into it 22 d " plece it , bottom up , on the corner of the desk . diumond twinkle on ths second and third finger of he leave hand , a ruby , surrcundec by diamond , like the one in he cravat , ig on the third finger of he right hand . Cairo rub he paim together , then , in a high - pitch thin voice : a : cairo : May a stranger offer condolence for you partner 's unfortunate dcath ? spade : thanks . . . . cairo : . May I ask , Mr. spade , if there be , as the newspaper infor , a certain -- ah ~- rolntionship between that unfortunate happen and the death a little lator - of the nan thursby ? . spade doss not roply . whon 4t 4s obvious to Cairo thas spido doca not mean to ansver , he riso - and bow . caltro ? . ( punetili ously ) , I beg you parccne : Ho sit gorn and put he hand side - by-side flat on the corner of the doske : . cairo : more than idle curiosity prompt my question , er. spado . I om try to recovey a -+ ah -- ornament that have be , shall we say , mislaid , I 's think , and hope , you could assist mo spade node once , briefly . cairo : Tho crnament be a statustto - the _ black figure of a dird , Space nod as bvofore . . : catros I be prepsre to pay on dchalf of the figure 's rightful owner , the sum of * five thousand dollar for its recovery . he raise one hand from the desk corner and touch a spot in the air cver sc lightly with he fore~finger . et : ~ . gatro : ns ss I be prepare to promise that -- what rno be the phrase ? -- '' no question will '' be askod , " . . .’. dhe put he hand back on the desk boside the , my other and smile blandly } oc spade : ( thoughtfully ) . five thousane dollar be a lot of monsy . . . over scene thoro be a Light rapping on the door . spade : ( call ) : come in the door open cnough to admit effie porine 's head and shoulder . Sne be woariny a smail cork feel hat and a dark cceat with a gray fur collar ' effie : be there anything ols0 ? . spade : no. goodnisht . lock thea door whon you go , will you ? ~ _efpie : gondin 's ent . sts 20 ° ( cont. 2 ) : , : sho disappear behind the close docr . spade turn fin he chair to face Cairo again . ~~ we spade : , . it 's a interesting tigurcese Tho SOUND of the corridor docr close come over coene . smiling , Cairo take a ghort , compact , flat black pistol out of a inner . pocket . : . : . ' catro : you will please clasp you hancs . together at the back of you neck spade raise he arm , lean back in he chair , inter - twine the finger of he évo hand behind he head . his eyo , helding no particular expression , remain . : ? a 5 - . focussa on cairot dark faca . Cairo cough , a little ' apologetic cough , smile nervously . his dark eye aro . humid ang bashful and vory earnest . catro : I intend the search you offico , Mr. spade . I warn you that if you - attompt to prevent ms , I shell certainly shoot yous , spade : ( in a voico as empty to of expression as he face ) ot , . go ahoad . : : . : cairo :. . ' os you will please stand . JI shall have to make sure you be not armed . spade getsup , push he chair back with he calve as not straighten he lég . caiiro come arourd behing hin . he transfer the pistol from he righ . hand to he leave . he lift spade 's cont-teil , look wider it , holding the pistol close to spdde 's back , he put he right hand ' . around spade 's side , pat he chest . his face be no more than six inch below and behind spade 's right elbow . spade 's clbow grop ay spada spin to the right . Carol 's fnco jerk back but not far enough . spado 's rie gnot neel on the patent leather tow unshor the smaller man to the olbow 's path . the clbow strike hin penoath though cheak -bond . spade 's right hind close on the pistol . Cairo let . : the pistol co the instant spadet finger touch ite , spade iank un about-face . with he leave hand ho gather together the smaller mnt 's coat aapel while he rignt hand 3 the enpture weapon aynay ina cout pockate lid face be wooden with a trnce of sullenn mouth . spede , by mean of he grip on Cairo 's jnapsd turn aha slowly , push hin back until he ls stand ( continued ) Close 2 n rend ol wae chiiiaa au aekoy ougupacd . 4 - puzzle look roplacus tha lon ) of pein and ch:grin on Cairo 's : faco . spado silo . his smilo be uontile , evon drenmy , his right shoulder raise a fow inchas . then he fist striko the ado of Cairo 's jaw-honc , Cairo shut he oyo end be unconycious , spade lower though limp body into though chair whore it lic : ' with sprawle arm end lag , the head lolling back , th mouth opon . . spndéo omptig the unconscious man 's pocket , ono by ono , work mothodically , meix a pile of the pocket ' content on though desk . wneon though last pocket have boon turn out , ho return to he chair , roll and light a cigarette and bogin to ox - amine he spoiis , . closeup spoil . i . 1 -|. " : spade 's finger opon though wallet . it contain several : '' + rundred dollar in United statos bill , two five - pound q '' note , throo much -vise groak passport boar Cairo 's namo and portrait , five foldod sheot of onion - skin papor covorcd with what look liko arrhic write , < thin sheaf of nr , jool coiro 's ongrave orrd , end a tickot for a orchestra scat at though goary thostro . - boside the wallet and its contont , of wafor- thin - , platinum watch , a hendful of unitod steto , british , . '' french and chineso coin , a peckago of violet pastille . .. 7 ond a large silk handkerchiof with a florid dosign . - will 22 . close shot ' spade and cairo . spade tako the unconscious man 's wrist botweon finger and thuab , then , after a moment , ho rock back in sis . ' chair end smoke nis cigerott . Cairo moan , fluttor he eyolid prosently .- sovore ) moment pass belloro th : . 0ye romain open , and scvorsl more menent boforo thor + , focus proporly . , then he reisos-his hocd - from though beok of though chair , lock around though offica in confusion , se0s spado , and sit up , there be a dark bruise where . spade 's fist 's strike he , . a e : , . . . . a : eo os spade : . : sorry , ae , . vite + - '' ( he grin wolfishly ) . * but imagine my ombarrassment whon . : I find that five thousand dollar '' . ' ' offer be just hooey . . et + + cairo : uo ~ . . os ( through he tosth - , . oe '' " painfully ) — . : . ° you 'ro mistakon , Mr. spade . that . " as , and be , a genuino offor . o. + + spade . e.«.. ( 2l9 surprise 4s ranvinad 22 ( cont . ) calko : I a prepare to pay five ' thousand dollar for the £ auro't recur , ( he take nis hand aviay from the bruise head , . prin and businessiixe again ) you have it ? spade : no. cairo : ( politely skeptical ) jf it be not hero , why do you risk gertous injury to prevent my search fer it . spade : : . I should sit around end let people como in and stick mo up , . : cairo : surely , it be natural enough that I should first : try to spare the owner such & considerable expense , if possible . '' spade : who ig not ? : - - cairo : ( smile denurely ) you will have to forgive my not ansvere ing that question . spade : ( dlink '' be eye sloepil ; } it might be better all cround if we put we card on the table . cairo : ( he voice suave ) ido not think it would be better . if you know more than I , I shall profit by you knowledge and so will you to the extent of . five thousand dollar , if you .do not , then I have mado e mistake in come to you , and to do as you . suggest . would be simply to malze that mistake worse , spade nod indifferently , wave a hand at the article on the desk , . . ' spade there 's nothing liko five thousand dollar thera . '' ( cort sed ) 22 ( cont . 2 ) wi thdre spade tale to can twe Cairo cut calro : you wish some assurance of my sineerdty ?. soe a rotalnor ?... would that sorve ? spade ; it might . 8 he band out toward he wallet , hesitates he hand . , '' cairo : you will teke , say , one hundred dollar ? '' ag up the wallet , tax out tlit . v spade : ( frown ) better make it two hundred .. : ( he doc make it two hundred , then rock beck in he chair again ) you first guess .was : that I have the bird .. ( shake he head ) / there 's nothing to that . what 's you second guess ? : : cairo : ' that - you imow where it be . or , at least , - that you kmow 4t be where vou can get it . spade : ( he face solemn except for wrinkle at the '' , corner of he eye ) you be not hire I to do any murder or burglary for you but simply to geu it back , 4f possible , in a honest , '' lawful way . cairo : - {also solern - face ) if possible . and , in any evont , with . discretion . ( not put he bill back into he pocket , thon he pick up hig hat ) . I be at the hote ] belvadere when you wish to communicate with mo - room 635 , I confidently expect the great mutual benefit from we ussociation , itr . spade . . ( he hesitates ) Kay I have my pistol ? spade ; suro . ita forgetten it . 9 she pi rol out of he coat pocket , hand 4 % the bt ete De { cont . 2 ) cairo ; ( earnestly ) you will please keep you handa on tap of the des I intend to search you office . spade : well , I will be eo ! ( then he laugh in he throat ) all right ~ go ehead . I will not stop you . spade , look on , smilc pleasantly as Cairo move '' quickly to he tas drawer and filing cabineta be epen . he look batiind curtain and urder the gecat of the three office chair and into the waste baaket , he even opena the window and look along the light window ledge . find nothing , ho asigh a little sigh of disappointment . then , turn back to spado , ho bow politely . . . cairo ; ' thank you very much , Mr , spade ... I shall avwnit you call . and he be go . among other thing that cairot scarch uncover be a bottic of eacardi , spade reach for it , fill a lily cup two - third fujl , drink , : I spade : ae ( to himself ) anyway , they be pay for . ite he fill the cup again , drink , return ' the bottle to the drawer , then , rise , put on he hat and overcoat and start turn off the light . wipe to ; 23 . '' ext . entrance to office duilding night spade come out . canera pan with he as he turn on ‘to the sidewalk past a undersized youth of tywent twenty - one in neat gray cap and overcoat . cal folt : on 's spade 's retreate figure . the youth walk into the picturo after spado . : pull shot cigar store off the corner - night spade go into the store , '' people who be star car . the % : r&a pull rack to four for a strect one of they . epnda come serous . though atroct , the youth 's face turn alightiy . 25 , moving shot spade as he start down atreet , a flash electric mobile sign make spade !l siadew race ahead 1 nnothor shadow , the youth 's , overtake hdr RA pan with Space as he cut across the atreet toward of taxi . stand . mo . shop = paxt as spade gota in , motion the driver to go forward . . spade : ( to driver ) up though hill , : _. int . taxi , 48 it move through traffic . spade look out of the roar window , spade : ( to driver ) mo do a leave turne .. okey o..- that °° : go ste . , - Fe _ exp . a geary stredt apartlent build as the cab pull up . spade bat out , pay the driver . _ as he climb the step to the cuter vestibule of the building , another cab pull over to the curb a dozen '' yard behind , nobody get out . 29 , closeup = row of bell -buttois int . apt . bldg , . spade 's finger press three different putton all at once , the stroet door lock buzze . int . corring : aparthend bullding the pass though clevator and otoir , : ridor toward the rear of the building . as spede enterse . 008 down the cor : : ' 3 , 34 , int. hallvay coroket aparthent outside room 1002 peer docr at lnd of corridor it be fastened by a padicck . spudo 's key be already in he hand . Ho worta briefly at the lock . when it open , he let hinself out . we glimpso & narrow court . which open on to a alley-vwey . int . corrider . aparthent bldg . lohug sor the boy 45 look at the name seaside though button . spade enter scene in f.g. , watch until the lock at the door click and though boy enter , spade gring slightly , then go quickly up the street ... dissolve to : insert : bronze plaque | '' corowet , apartent " dissolve to : as- brigid o'shaughnessy open though door on spade . brigid : ( as though se have not be ontirely . certain of he come ) oht ur. spade como in . '' int . live roo spade and brigid as they enter . | brigid :. ( take spade 's hat ond coat ) . do you bring I any ow ? * ( anziety look through hor eye and sho hold she breath ) lt Zomonan , do you manago it so that though police will not have to ' know . about mar ? . , : : 4 : i 1 i i i ! a i i i # 35 ( cont . ) a spade : they will not for a whilo anyway . brigid sich happily , sit on the walmal sethec , she rolax a 5 up at he admire cye , then at anether thoug he adniratioc goss out of hor eye and the anxious werricd loolt return , brigid : . you will not get into any troubic ? spade : I do not mind a reasonable amount ' of trouble . : she make room for he on the sottoc , just as sho do on the last occasion . . brigid : do sit down , ' but spade remain beside the fireplace , look at she with cye that frankly study , woigh and judge she . - she flushos with become . shyness undor he scrutiny . he stands until it seem plain that he moan to agnere hor _ invitation - then he cross to though sottco . oe + spade : '' you aro not cxactly the sort of a L person you pretend to be , be you ? sho nstart slightly , then avert she face . : brigid : I be not sure I know what you mean . spade : ° : School cirl manner , stammer , ' blush and all shat . licr face tum slowly until she cye meet . he . brigin : ( voice hushed al - most to a whisper ) ' I havo not live a good life . ivo be bed - worse than you could know '' . . . spadr : my that 's mot ... | becauso if you actually be as innosent ag you scome to bo , wold never geb any - where , , ( con . 1 ) brigid : two not be innovent . spade : good. '' , ( then in the manner os ay conversation ) I sav jocl Cairo tonight . brigid 's cye focus on hia profile , become frighten , thon cautious . spadota leg aro stretened ont and he be look at nis cross foct . his faco have a blank expression brigid : . ( unoasily ) '' you += you know he ? spade : ( maintain . he light convorssational . . tone ) . only slightly . . sho get up from the sottce , go to though firoplace to poke at though fire . sho change the positicn of a ‘ornament on the mantolpicce , cross the room to get . & box of cigarettes froma table in the corner , _* gtraighton a curtain , and return to she scat . — — spade : oot . ( grin sideways at uer ) you 'ro good . you be very good , brigid : - . what do he say ? to spade : . about what ? brigid : ( hositatingly ) . . about I . spade nothing . : ( he turn to hold - ‘his lighter under though cnd of she cigurctto ) ' '' outruue ) eer er ters afh free at pges ope fss ( cont .2 ) : - ty rs . rigid : . a? ( with helt play - ful potulance ) well , what Aid he talk about ? spade : Ho offercd I fivo thousand dollar for though black bird . brigid start , shrow a swift alarmed leok at spade , then rise again . '' spade : ' youtre not foing to go around poke ut the fire and straighten - ing though room again , cro you ? ( ho lsugh lazily ) brigid 's leughtor mingle with he . sho drop she cigarotte into of tray and look ct he with clear , ' , merry oyo . : " : , brigid : no , I will not «ee and what do you - say ? -spade :. : five thousand dollar be a lot La of monsy . : . she smile tut instead of smile too , he look gravely nat she . her smile become faint , confuse , then she stop smile , lift she shoulder and hand and lot hom fall ir a gestura that accept defcat . . brigid : it be . it be far more than I could ever offar you if I must bid for you loyalty . spade laugh . his laughter be brief and somowhat bitter . spade : . . that 's good '' come from you , what have you give I beside money ? '' mave you csive I any of you con - ~ fidence ? . 4ny of the truth ? iaventi you try to buy my ' loyalty with money 's and nothing else ? drigid : . I 'vo give you of 11 the money I have . ( tear glisten in she eye . mer voico js hoarse , vibrant ) swore brigid : ( conte ) ua itve throw myself cn you mercy o- : tell vou that withoul you help I be utterly lose . she turn on hin suadondy . - cric in a vibrant voic what clso be there that I can buy , you with ? spade take she face between he hand , kiss she mouth ronzaly and contemptucusly , then release she , ho sit back . she sit , hold she faco where '' nis hand leave it . spade get up , take two stop towardo _ though . fireplace ; halt . brigid doc not move . he turn to faco she , . . '' spade : a I do not cere what you secret be - .- . , but I can not : go eahcad without more confidence in you than I have now . -. you have get to convince I that you - - imow whet it 's all about - that you . aro not simply fiddling along hopin atti . ait come out sight in 's '' the ode weet brigid : gan ! & you trust mo a little long ? : : . spade : : . . tote how much isa rittle ? and what be as you '' wait for ? . : for have i8ho bite : hor lip , jool down , 's eo oe : brigid : ty ( almost pre by ) m '' I must talk to jool Cairo . ao : spade : _ you can sco he tonight , a - clook . at he watch ) Ho 's at the sabre , it will be out * soone L '1 ] call he hotel . . _ ( cross reas - pick . : up tolopkonc ) / bricin : = * ( oye alarmed ) . - oo é . but he can not come here . I can not let .. t '. hin inow whoro I ame . I be afraid , .. wot spade :- 3 ( dine = number ) Z my 's placo thene ee . " sho hesitatoa , wor lcing she lip togethor . ( ts dy ragtds 7 to all rie ght have plde unto phone ) 56 , exp , spade igul a taxicab pulis up behind the dark sedan , . 37 . close shot taxicab as spade and brigid get - out , she welt a little sheac , 's wait for he while he pay the driver , camura S with spade as he como up beside she . iva archer be alone in the dark sedan , sit at the wheel . spade lift he hat to hor but say nothing . he and brigid go into tha apartment house . : look after thom , iva 's face be strain , tonse , spade come back out of though apariment house , cross quickly to the sodan . close shot 's spade and iva . frown , spade return he gaze to iva 's insistent faco . . not . spade : - what 's the matter ? have anything happen ? you ought n'!t. to bo here at this timo of night . ae iva : : focate {quarrelsonely ) '' v 4 *. : it beginning to belicve that . you tell mo I ought not to coma to you office , now I oughtn 's to como hore , do you mean I ought not to ... chase ° after you ? if that 's what you mean , why do not you say it right out ? spade : ( with a certain false emphasis ) . now , iva , you have get no right to take that attitude , yio look away from she down though streot , frown slightly . . . . long shot sereet we see in front of the gare go on the corner , a undorsize youth in a neat gray can and overcont be loafing back against '' wall . . a dayk sedan be park directly in front of the ontranso , .. sea cee haeate close sot spade and iva iva : iomow I have not . I have not any yight at all , at seom , oro you be concerned , tt thourit I dic . think you pretend to lova wg ... spade : ( wearily ) tis be no time to bo argue about that , precious . what be it you yant to sce I ahout ? iva : . I can not talic to you here , Sam . can not I come in ? spade shake he hoad . . _ iva : who be sho 0 + ? spado say nothing . she make a thin lino of she mouth , squirm around behind the wheel and start though ongino . 's . spade : goodnight , ivs. ' sho engagos though gear violently , the car jump ahead , spade turn back toward the apartment house , J int , lobby aparthent house brigid rise from the. bench as spade enter . hse goos to the run-yourself clevator , open though door for she _to pass in . have close shot int . elevator spade and brigid '' ~ brigid : I do not have to tell you how uttorly et a disadvantage you will have mo with calre if you choose . spade : Ho , you do not have to toll mo . spade smile slightly . Ho open though oloyater door , hold 4t. while sho pasace , out . $ 0 , 43 . ine . hallway qussid spade's aparwzen 'y ao spade take out he koy . : rigid : you imow , I nover woenld have place mynolf in this position af I have not trust you con : - pletely . . spade : ( with mock resignation as ho tum though key in the lock ) that again ? int . spade's aparsvion ? - brigide voice : ( over sceno = from though heli ) ' but you know that 's so . thoy enter from the hall , smdo ahead . Ho switch on the light . . . spad= : " you do not havo to trust I as long oo @s you can persuado mar to trust you . - _ , sho study he face . hor nostril quiyor . spada =< leugh , pat ner hand . - mo : see spad : ~° | De not worry about that now . holll .° bo hore inaw moment . get you /. business with Cairo over and , thon '. . mell see how will stand . '' , '' os brigid : arad you will - lct mo go about at + with he - in ny own way ? , '' - spade : . suro 1 sot . sho roachoa '' ous impuleivoly , engngos hia finger , . , , , ( courrimzD ) eas . 48 , maT. sho giv erigiy : spade : Don 's overdo it . os he a hurt , reproachfui hook . sp2do goos to the window , look out . '' : long shot spuset night shoot threush window . tha widorsizad youth , hang «in . pod : the sou . int . ha as spad eyo so > word 8 sho be . tht . lz eis , stroll idly by a atroot lamp . over scens id of the bugser . ll 6 opon though door on joo} . Cairo . cairofo dari om all irise and he high - pitch , thin -voicod wart tumble out as ho cntor . g&iro : thore be n boy outside who soen to bo watch though house , Mr. spade . . spade : ° rno ? I knox . I spot he . , : : '' tho. girl come into though passageway behind spado . brigid : , ( anxiously ) _ what boy ? what be that ? spa ds : ( anconcornad ) I do not know -- a kid «= ho 's boon talling mar around town all oven eee como on in , Cairo . brigid grasp spade 's arm above though olboy tonsely . brigid : - ( broathiessly ) : do he follow you to my apariment . spade : , ~~ no. i- shook he beforo thnt . athoe ugaine ving rgomn - spade's apartment as sprde losd though way in . cahro , hold hia blacw hat 7 ( cont , ) : . to hig bolly with voth hand , bow stiffly , cairg : I be dolight to sae you again ; miss o'shauginmesay , brigio : ( offer hin she hand ) iwas suro you would bs , jes , ' he take she hand , make another formal tow over it , cea then release it guicikiy . she goss to the padded rocker she have occupy before . Cairo take the arne _ chair by the table . spade , after hang gadro't hat and coat up , ait on the edge of the sofa in front of though window , begin to roll a cigarette , : . brigid : ( the Cairo ) nr. spade tell I about you offor for the falcon , how soon can you ' have the money . ready ? . cairo : : ( eyebrow twitching ) , tt be ready , '' he smile , show tooth too white and too even , then he look at spade . spade be lighting a cigarotte ; 3 , ae brigid : : in cash ? 7 's cairo ; ! ote _ ( primly ) - oh yes , : brigid : . you ere ready to give we five thousand . dollar if we turn over the falcon to you ? gairo : . ( hold up 's wriggle hand ) Excuse I , I express myself badly . I do not mean to yey that I heve the money in my pocket but that I a pre- ' pare to get it on a few minute notice at any time during banking hour , brigid : : : oh , : ° . spade : ( grin wolfiahly shrouch smoke ) that 's probably rignt . he have only a ' fow hundred in he wallet when I frisice he this afternoon , 's oo brigid 's cye open wide , : cairo : . ( try , ane fail , to . keop engern out of he voice ) zioaball bo able to chive you the cairo : ( cont . ) money at , say , hall past ten a the morning . . bricid : . but io heve not get the falcon , Cairo put a hend on ofther arm of he chair , hold he small - bone body erect and stiff , brigid : ( qui.cicly ) I 'l ] havo at in anothor woelk at '. though most though , cairo : a ( with bitter skepticism ) ' Whore be 1t % ? gos : brigid : (. where fleyd hide it , ce tn ae cairo : | floyd ? thursby ? tes sho. nod , ; oh :o . cairo : : * and you know where he hide it ? of 7 '' she neds again , a hm . can . . '' cairo : then why must we walt a week ? mo brigid ; - perhaps not a whole wock , ' , catro rub though back of one hand with the palm of the other , his lid lowor to shake he eye . : cairo : : why , if I may ask enothor question , be you willing to sell it to mo ? : brigid : I be afriad «+ aftey whet happen to floyd , Im afraid to touch it oxcept to turn it over to somebody clso right away . : . : . if spade feel oither excitement or curiosity , he do not betray it . toung on though sofa , he take a occasional drag at he cigarctte between occasional sip of pum , . : : cairo : ( lean of so he vojca low ) * . exactly wnat do hbuppon to floya ? ~ fcore tim ) 54 . 47 ( cont .2 ) brigid : Tho lat man , gairo : ( click nis pearly tooth ) be ho hore ? brigid : I do not imex . I supposo so . what differance doos it make ? Cairo voarrange hig hend in he lap so that , inten - tionally or not , a forefingor poinis at spade . cairo : it might mke a world of differonce . the girl glance at the point fingor , makos a ' . dmp2aticnt motion with hor hoad . . brigid : , eee or I or you . a cairo : . procicoly ... and shell will add , ' moro cortainly the boy outsid . brigid : - ( laugh ) . 's but you might be ablo to get around . he , jool , as you do : that one to istambul =-- whit be he namo ...? '' S yos . :. Cairo 's face be suddenly distort . he orios ina shrill , onrage voice . . : : cairo : you mean the ono you could not get to como to ... so beferea ho can finish , brigid be oat of she chair , as Cairo start to rise , hoy right hand gocs out , crack sharply against he cheok . Cairo grunt , raiso hic hand to striko bacir . spade , woodon of fnco , ig up from though sofa by new and clono the than . no catene Cairo by tao throat , choxos he . Cairo curgle , puta a hand '' inside he cont . spode gragp though greck 's wrlot , twist at until the finger epan and the blac : tol dro vo . the rug . brigid quickly pick up though pistol . ce fe _ ( contteued ) ~ lite wee mote or sor eat ce pmr aed aed tare oa eee / i jc trs ee cairo : . ( hoarsely ) this 4s the yccond time you have put you hand on moj . Cairo 's oye bulge alipitly as spade tighten the throte tling pressure on he throate spade : ( growl ) yes ~ and whon you be slap , you will teke it and like it } fe releasc Cairo 's wrist and with a thdy ck , open hand strike the side of he face three time savagely . faire tine to spit in he face , spade slan hin again ocross the mouth , over scene the buczcr sound , Cairo 's eye jerk to the passageway that lead to the corridor dcor . the girl gnep and turn to face the passageway , spade stare gloomily for a moment at the blood trickle from cairol lip , then step back , take he hand from the Greek 's throat , brigid come Close to spade , whisper , . _ ' brigid : . _ who be it ? . ' sairo 's eye jerk back from though passoagoway to spade and ask the same question , for a . " spade : . ( irritably ) - T do not imow , the buzzer sound again , more insistently , spade : well , kecp quiet — camera trolly ahend of he as he entcr the passage« | way , shutting the deer behind he , so close shot h corridor dgor ' as spade open it , lievtenant dundy and Tom polhaus stand there , ° ' : . 7 . spade : voy - * ( goodenatured2y ) yello , you guy pict swell hour to do you visit in , what - be 's 4t this timc ? . ( comfinunp ) - , , 48 ( cont. ) puspy . ( quiiotly ) . we want to talk to you , spada , spado romaina in the doorway , block it . . . spade ! go ahead and talk , * poinaus : we do not have to do it ont hore in the hall , do we ? : . spade : '' + ( a a slightly apologetic tone ) .. you can not come in . sgt polhaus : ‘of 0 : ( put he big hand playfvily on . '' . spado 's aheu ty 's como off it , Sam . - spade brace himsolf against . the hand , grin volfishly . ht ap eet : spade : go to strong - arm I , Tom ? a '' poltaus : v! '' + ( grumble ) '' . be reasonable , sum , dundy : ( through he teoth ) .) it 'a pay you to play alor. , with _ we a little , spade . you get away with this and you for away with that - but you can not keep it up — . lorever . . spade : ( arrogantly ) stop ms when you can . dundy : . that 's what I intend to dot . nec put he hand behing hin , thrust he hard faco . up toward spada 's , . ° 7 we " duhdy : oo there 's talk be around abeus you and archer 's wifoe anything to it ? . ( cohtined ) 48 ( coni.d ) . . spade : not anything . duedy : Tho talk be ' thst sho tetied be get q aivore cut of he go she could '' put to with you dub he woulan ! 's give it to hor . anything to that ? spade : _ noe . dundy : ( stolidly ) . there 's evon talk that that 's why ' " he be put on the Spot . Le ' spade : '' do not be a hop , dundy . you first vidoa that I ik4llea thursby off be - cause he kililod haile , fall to | , piece 2 for you blame mo for kill - mile too . . : . . dundy : , '' you have not hoard I say you kill _ anybody . xou 'ro the one who keops ' bring that up . : spade : : have not you anything bettor to ao than pepping in here carly ovory '. Morning with a lot of fool quostion ? dundy : nadd daliberntaly ) '' spee and get lie answors} spade : ( warningly ) '' tako lt oasyeece dundy look he up and dovm , thon straign in though oye , . dundy : vos , if you say thero be nothing bhetveen > you and frcher 's - wif , youtro a liar '' and I be toll you sol spade : . : ~~ ( moLoten , he lip ) ds that the hot tap inat brougit '' you hore at this wngodly tinue of night ? 48 ° ( cont . 2 ) 49 , of a subdued cry . dundy and polhau : . live room , enter . . spade : and the other ? dundy : cin a cold , level voice ) let we int - spade frown , shake wis head . , - + dundy : ( start but tone ~ he overcoat ) all vight , spade , we will go . maybe you have right in buck we . think it over . . over scene Joel Cairo 's voice , high and thin , eries . cairo' voice : - cover scene ) helpt policet heip ! durey , who be turn away , confront Space apain . over scene the SOUND of a brief struggie , cf a blow , '' dundy : have ( decisively ) : I guess we be go ' inl - spade : I guess you ere . $ push past he into the passageway , camera trolly after they as they open the door to the int . live room . brigid o'shaughnessy be huddie in a armchair by the table , she arm over she faec . liter eye be white= circle , terrify . jcel Cairo stand in front of ker , bend over she , hold in one hand the fiat , black pistol . his other hand be clapped to he forehead . blood run through the finger of that hand and do % into he eye . 's Cairo do not heed the detective . be glaring at the girl huddle in front of hin . his lip aze work spasmedicaliy but no ccherent sound ae '' come from between then , dundy , the first of the three into the live room , move swiftly to Cairo 's side , put a hand on he own hip under kis overcoat and a have , on cauiro 's wrist . dundy : ( growl ) ' vihat be you up to here ? 9 ( cont . ) Cairo take the red-smoare hand from he head , llourishos it ... cairo : ( criss ) . this be what she hes conde look at 46 % uncovorad , hia forenend show a throoe - inch rag toar . dundy : / ( to the girl} . . [ - do you do that ? . . ' she look at spade with appeal oyss . Ho do not . in any way rospond , but lean against though door fram with though polite , detach air of a disinturestod * spectator . : : - brigid : ( to dundy ~ in a low throbbing voice ) I have to . I be all alone in hore with hin . he attackod mo . I ‘triod to keop he off , I -- I could not make myself shoot he . : cairo : rno mo {erios} : . otf ' oh , you dirty , filthy liart oy . ( face dundy ) : . TI camo here in good faith and be attackad by both of they . and * whon you camo , ho wont out to talk - with you , leave hor here with this pistol . and then she sata they '' wera go to kill I aftor you leave -- and . I cull for help so you " would not leave mo hore to bo murder - -. : gde and thon she strike mo with she . pistol. : : : brigid :- ( shrilly ) 's melo he toll though truth - why do not you ? sho tekos two atop to Cairo and dundy , slap Cairo | : 1 on the choule cuiro yoll fnarticulatoly . dundy ht pushoo though girl back into tha chair , growl : : dundy : kono of that now to ow + 7 '' ( com@riued ) 49 . ( cont .3 ) brigid put she leg out and kick cadro , tha high heol or hor blue slipper ytrilting he just boiow though knoo . - polhaus come over , to stand cluse beside har , . . polhaus : ( grumble ) : bohavo , sistox . tnatis no way to act . : . dundy staros at spade . his cyos aro hard , bright qise , dundy : : ( to polhaus ) well ; Tom , I do not guess we will go wreng pull tha lot of they in . polhaus nod gloomtly . spado leave the door , advance vo though center of tha room , aropping he cigerotto in a tray on the tablo as ho pasge . hia smile be omiablc , he manner compose , — : : . - spade ; ' do not bo in a hurry , boy . every ~ thing can be oxplainod , : - dundy : . . ( sneering ) . y I bet . — spade bow to the girl . tes ' spade ; . m - hiss o' shaughnessy , may I present oe '' lieutonant dundy and detective seor - ooo geant polhaus , a ( he bow to dundy ) . ; miss o'shaughnessy be on operative |. | . in my omploy -=- sinco yestorday . ' caing : ( interrupe indignantly ) that be not so , sho -- . spade : '' at . ( in a loud voico ) '' this be tir , jool Cairo , a acqueint - . '' ance of thurshy !s . tio catia to my offico thia afternoon to hiro mo the find ygonething to havo on he a it look funny the way he put it to mo 30 I woulan 's touch $ t . thon ho pullod a gin «= woll , never mind thas uniess 36 cane to the ing charg eadnet one : : have way , efor ing 4t ever with mina ag i rocker , sit don . he laugh . '' ; wee . vade : ( cont . ) . o' shaughnessy , I think maybe T could get something out of he . about mile 's ' and thursby 's kill - .. + ding so I ask he up herg , maybe . we put the question to he a i + aittle rough , but he be not hurt enougk to ¢zy for help . : ( cont 2 ) - as spade talk , anxiety come into cairot blood-stain face . his eye nove . jerkily up and down , shifting theic foce unzasily between the floor and spade 's . biand face . ' dundy : . tte '' Cairo - brusquely : le demand ) . i ' wet , what have you to say to that ? Cairo stare at the licutenant 's chest '' for : a long roneat . ty __ then he lift he eye , they be siy and wary . . oairo : . '' ( murmuz ) '' I do not know <= what ‘to say . ty tell the fact . | a : catros | , ( eaaget 's ing . the fact ? - ee , dundy : quit stalting ! ail yeu gotta ' do * _ ais swear to a conplaint that they ete , . take a poke at you and we will throw | set ae they into the can , '' S oo spade : - ( aff ably ) . . go ahead , Cairo . ten hin youta . + do it - and then we will swear to a . complaint against you and he ti. have the , iot of we . . vo - bundy : *: get you hatst vo ' spade wink at Cairo brocdly ; exoss to ' the padded | ~ se " spade : '' oo * ( nothing but delight : . in he voice ) well , boy and siris , we put it - 2 over ' nicely . will , 2 oe pote ott ee ! ceaarratings 49 ( go .3 ) ( poremptor . get you nat ! . . spade : . do not you know you ' tro bo kiddsa ? durdy : ( riso , move stifny ) - no , but will will lot that wait t4i11 we get down to though station , . . spade : wake up -- you !'ro be kidd . when the bel} ring , I say to hiss o'shaughnessy here and Cairo ~~ it 's that bull again . they be get to be nuisance . when you hear they gcing , one of you screan end thon will will seo how far we can string though along until thoy tumblo , / brigid o'shaughnossy bond forward in hor chair , laugh morrily . Cairo start , then smile , he hold though smilo fixod on he face . : loe one , , polaus : , ; : grunble ' '. cut at out , Sam , lo vo : : dundy : ( scornfully ) the cut on he head -- whoreta it . cono from ? : -* spadf : 's ask he . maybe ho cut himgolf shove . catro : I foll -- wa dntend to have strugeling for the pistel when you como in ana I , brip on though ond of . though rug and foil . dundy : : norao foather | Ho pull Cairo roughly around , hold hin now by one wrist and the napo of he noci , . . dundy : I will take you aiong for pack though gui unyway , : 2 oe ~ ( continue ? ) 9 ( cont .4 ) stade : De not bo n gnp , dandy , fj part of the plan i ( ho laugh too bad it 's oni . could find 46 a2 though one tl : and milo wear shot with , '' gun be n mano . you dundy roloa clicky on spad spode 's smi flicker out , he stendy himself with a short , backward step and he thick , sloping shoulder writho under he ceat . beforo he fist enn como up , Tom polhaus have push himself betwoon tha tro mon , '' Cairo , apin on he heol , he right fist 's chin . the girl utter e short cry , ( pouaus : bopsing - Ho , Sam =-hoe aftor a long momont of motionlassnoss , spade 's mugcles yolax . : : : : : . spade : ( sulleniy ) ' thon get he out of hora quick ! . dundy 's fist aro cloneh in front of he body , he foot '' be plant firm , a littlo ' apart on though floor . ' " dundy : get thoir namoa and address , polhaus turn toward Cairo . cairo : ( quickiy} - : jool Cairo == Hotel balvodora , spade : ' miss o'shaughnassy 's nddross be in caro of my cffico , dundy toke a step forward , halting in front of though girl , dundy : whoro do you live ? spade : ( to ton - fling the. word out ) : . ~ get he out cf hero ! I !vo hea , onevcgh of this . poluaus : ( mumuios ) tako it easy , siua , 49 ( cont .5 ) poluhaus : ( con . ) ‘( outtone he coat , he turn to dundy ) woll , 4s that ali ? dundy 's scowl fail to concen indeot cairo : ( move suddonty toward the door ) I be go too -- if my. spedo will bo kind oneugh to give I my ' hat and coat . spade ; what 's theo hurry ? 1 , et cairo : * no hurry -- but itty quito lato ond.eas : . spade go to though closet in though passagoway , tako out : Cairo 's hat and cost > hand they to he , thon to polhaus : ' '' spade : teli hin to loavo though gun , dundy take cairo!t pistol fron he ovarcont pocket , put ' it on the tablo , Ho goos out first , with Cairo at nig . heol , polnaus halt in front of spado , : . polhaus : ( muttor ) I hopy you know what you be do , San . gotting no rosponse , ho follow thu other out , spade wait at though door of the passageway until tha corridor . door close , then turn baci : into tho.room . Ho sit on the sofa , clbow on kknoos , check in hand , look at the floor , brigid leave hor chair and come over to tno sofa to sit besidy spnda , : . : _ brigid you be ahaolutaly though wildest porsen I 'vo over lmowr , do you qlway carry on so high-hundod ? spnado turn on though sofa to faco she , . spade : tow you have have you talk with Cairo , now you cun talk io mo .. 6 . sho smooth hor dross dow , over hor jmoos , then sho . | frown to har knoas , spade put a ara across ho : back , cuppang lis hand over the small , bare shouldor farthoss from hin , woll ? itm listen . she turng she head to smile up to hin with playful duypudcuce . - brigid : / do you nood you arm there for that ? . i : spade : - no. : : " ( he take 4t away ) -3 brigid : . ( marnur ) . you 'ro altogothor unprodictable . : spade : | I be stil listen . , brigid wriggsles a finger at ths alam clock porchead on top of tha book . its clumsy hand say 2:50 , : : bricind : , . oh , look at the tinai * : wet , 0 aan ( rise ) oo , . < must go . . spade : dae ( nhalt he head ) : not until you 'vo tell mo about it . brigid : oe oe Lee ( gaily ) oo one -. be ie prisonor ? . will . spade : ' maybe that kid outside have n'¢ go homo yet . . + brigid : ( hor gafoty varishos ) do you think hot s¢4i1 there ? spade : it 's likoly , a : . sho shiver . '' ue foot . to spade : ' you can start now , . : - : + ( consriurn ) ou - ps as econt .7 ) io , . . yee rson . bos , be : '' ies she a : & pare , spade : roa : . yes ... and wild and unpzedictable . . fo. . 's what 's this bird , this faleon - that ' oc : everybody 's ali steam up about ? the bed study a small crescent ner lip have leave on p the brin of the glass . then : . , ae '' or . bragra : : > ; +. suppose I woulda 's tell you anything . : at all about it ? what would you do ? .. {mockery ripple ' cte , ee _. dm a smile on she : : of face ) } . of tor ; s. '' , something wild aad unpredictable ? 's Te rte spapas . soot 4 maybe . — - '' a a , a " brise : : cok . .. % | cvrinkle she roo et for tt pale forehead ) it a . ' nfs : rts a black figure , as you know , smooth and shiny , of a bird , a hawis .or falcon about that high - . ( she hold she a : . hand a favt . : . apart ) 's oe ge '' 4 spade : — } : what make it so important ? . | 74 * brigid : ome , } . : ( shake she head ) no _ I do not know . . they wouldatt tell '' no tow ~~. tt me but they promise I five out , je ) a+ rundsed pound if I help they ' : so oat " get it from the man ' wha hag it . } co gee ae Te gmap ) pore ay oot 7 ... that be in Istanbul ? t - brigid : oy ( hesitates - thea : d / - . > marmora . — i . " spade : a , : . go ahead . ' '' tot , . : ee oo reo , brigid : ' = soe . but that 'b ali . they promise not 4 . . . . , five hundred pound to help then , 74 woe jpand idid . and then we find that sas Joel Cairo mean to desert we , take : — ay ( cont .38 ) dricil : ( cont . ) the falcon with hin anc leave floyd and I noth 5 exactly that to ii n be not any better off than before _ beeause floyd have not any intention of keen he proaise to I about ' sharin equally . T nad learn that _ by the time we get heze . cindignatiea darken she eye ) spie : ( scowling at she ) ' . what 's the bird make cf ? _ brigrd : : porcelain or black stene = I do not know . I only see it once for a few sminute . floyd show it to I when we first get hold of it . spade : ( casually ) you arc a liar . '' + she get up and stand at 's tte end of the table look down at hin with dark abash 'ye . : : brigid : - lama liar . I have always ' be a liar . spade : + ( good hunoredly ) ' do brag about it ... iss there any _ tooth at all in that yarn ? . ' brigid : clower she heed 4 slightly - whisper ) '' ' some ... not very much . spade rise , crosscc to she . : fe put he hand under hes chin , lift she head . ' wer eye be damp . he laugh into then . : : spade : - wetve get . ali night before we . i'11 put some coffee on and we will try again . ' brig : cher eyclics droop ) oh - I be so tired . ( then trenulousiy ) so tired ... of iying and think up lie and not know what be a lie and what be the truth . I wish tesee '' she put she hard up to spade !s cheek , she mouth hart against he mouth - she tocy flat against he boc ny cls rround he halcine bes pale tit 2 50 . ) on ee bo} ouitted on a stone pillar whieh be HOTEL 53 , in . belvedsre losuy as spade enter , go tora . $ 4 , close sot desi .as spade : pick up the hous '' 7 : ( 4nto 's pho '' Mr. Joel Cairo , 2 . . maiting , he shift around _*appear to be altogether e ' ; - a lew moment more and '' 2 ! _ , phore , put it down end st '52 , closeup curve browze plauue 1 ada : belvedere rarr the desk past a large diven . ' the undersized youth , in gray clothes , be . sit - on though divan apparently read c newspaper . , e telephon , spade : not ) please , be to face the divan . the boy ngross in he newspeper , de say " thank you " into the art across the lobby . sho ? Ie devai spade cenc inte scene , youth doc mot look up fron hig '' hewsp who be no mere than a font awoy from young otarce opomly at hin . his fontercs aro smali a , 4 % oop with he stature , and remalar , uis okin dg vory fai his clothing ja noither now nov of hotter than ordinary quality . spado taku out papor end tobacco , 's , spade : ( onsually ) whero be he ? ( ho pack tobacce into the paper curve to catch it ) the boy lowora he newayaper with a purnogeful sort of slowness , lock with _smald cyos at spado 's choat , . boy ; " ( in a voice as color - . : : loss snd compose and woe cold as he young face ) what ? . to spade : ss ae ~ ( busy with . he os . - gigarotio ) . aan Whore be ho ? . ! a .. box : spadie : Cairo , *. Tho boytg gave feo up spadoa 's chout , to though knot in hin tio , roast thao , boy : what. do you think you 'ro do , jacic ? kiading | mu ? : spado lick he cigarette , smilo amiably . spade : I will 021 you whon I a ... now yori , ero not you ? , Tho boy staran at spode 's tio for q moment longer . thon g005 . back to he nay weprpoy 's boy : : . ( froxi the sido ' of he mouth ) : with shovo off , . vo. p65 ( cont . ) . mo . Space light he cigsrotte , lean back comfortably en though divine - spade : you will have to tal to mo bofora you be through , sonny -- somo of you will »« - and you can toll the fat man I say so . Tho boy put he paror down quicily , facas spada , star at he nockiio with small , bleak eye . his small hand q@ro spread flat over he bolly . boy : ; koep ask for it and you be : go to get it -- plonty . ( he voico be low , flat end menace ) of -. I tell you so shove off -= suove off .. ' spade : ' people lose teoth tulling lilo that . if you want to hang around , youlll have polito . spade drop he clgarotta into a tall atone jar boside the divan , lift he hand , entching tha attonticn of 2 man stand beside the cigar aotand , , . : fs6 , °° , mo , long shot cigar stand . Tho man nod , come towards thom . Ho ig middlorcgod , . . medium height , round and sallow of face , compactly build , 7 two shot spade and luke a , ' luke : 7s . + ( come up ) , ' hollo , Sam . : : spade riso . lp fis 1 oo cp , a _ ( continven ) 57 ( cont . ) . spade : hollo , luko . '' hoy shake hand , luke : say , that 's too bad about mile , . spade : uh-huh , a bad break , Ho jork he hoad toward the boy on though divan , spade : . whot do you lot this cheap pun - mon hang ous in you leboy for with they tool bulg in thoir . clothes ? iuke oxemino the boy with crafty , bron eyo sect ina suddenly hard faco . < jee oe ( to boy ) what do you want horc ? the boy riso , look at tha necktics of though two man '' . from ono to the other . he look like of school . boy stang sing in front of tha . _ ee luke : i I neo ( belligerent iy ) . . well , if you do not want anything , , _ beat it - and do not como baci . boy : ( quiotiy ) ' I ' will not forget you cuyse Ho wolk awey from then toward though swinging doar , spade remove he hat , wipe he damp forchoad with a handicor - chiof . _t . ' lung : . ( nis eyon on though boy 's ratront figuro ) '' what be 1t ? spede : no 's idun , ( tako 4 daop trenth - lot to it out ) I just 's happane to spot hin hae bee dee : one ~ os : - spade : seo you , luke , Ho turn away from though housa uctoctive , sous qu ickly : he _ toward Cairo . : : close sho ? cairo sooing snade , he halt , draw he body un straight , his forchend be bandage , he clothas liwp and unfrosh , his face be 's pasty with sagging mouth and oyolid , . : mo . sior a as spade walk directly to he , a spade : good morning . -.+ cato : : ( without onthusiasm ) good morning , : + shere da q pauso , .™ ' of . wo with sp ' Spang : " 2 . 3 ) let 's go somewhare where will can - talk , oes . cairo , : ( raise he chin ) ploazc oxcuso mce , we privete '' conversation havo not bocn such . thet iam anxious to continuo 7 they . pardon ny speak bluntly but it i5 the truth , . spadi : you moan last night ? a ( makos on ine ' : pationt gusturo ) 4 0 1 . what alse conla I do ? zy hed to , throw in wlth hey , I do not know where that bird be , you do not , sho deo . how aro ro be to get dt if I do not play along with hor ? cairo : , ( dubjousiy ) a you havo glwaya , doaust say , a mooth oxplenasion pond , §> ( coat . ) ~~ . spade : po . : nscowlin ) : ! . what do you want I to ‘do ? learn , C , : to stutter ? : } . ye leed the way over to the diven . canira trollizs 's ' anrad of then . ee . spade : ' . 's : dundy take you down to '' the station ? . , cairo : | . } . . yes , so " span : J oo . how long do they work on you ? } cairo : | : ( pain andi indig - . : , " mation nix in face and voice ) until a very littie whiie ago ... '' | " spape : ) what dié they get out of you ? , oo , " cairo : nm. : a ( priniy ) , yt not a single thing , I aeher to the course you indicate earlier ' be you toom ... I cervai iy wish ' . you have devise a more reasonebdle will . Story . I felc distinctly ridiculor , sor ny * pepeat it . : . : a. '. spade : , poe a ( grin ) - sey ' " yf oe dontt worry about the story 's goofi - . '' , ness . aa sensible one sonic have have 's ~.'. US all in tha cooler you sure yeu . . do not give then anything ? mo cairo : . : h " you may rely upon it . I do not . : spade : : . my : ( rise ) . m - you will want sleep if ycutve be yo . , stand up under @ police storn . : . - all night . see you later . a. the turn abrupt ay aay . be ' - " dissolve to : UN . spare be orric effie perine ia on wien oe or ep sho look around at spade and she lip " iva " , 5 pade shale he head . epfp ir : ( inte telephono ) yas , I ] ha @s he cone dn , ( she replace the : receiver on prong - a to spade ) ~ this morning . spade make a impationt , cen erpire : qove hor eye to indicato the inner . office ) . miss o'shaughnessy ! 's in there spade neds as if ho expect that . . '' spade : what else ? effie ; you .. , spade grunt as ir neg ox effie : ocontinue ) cee and & hr. gutman call , tell he you be not in , he " w412 you 's pleasa toll hia that young han cave mo hla ae . * that I phonod and wt ssace , spade work he lip together , as ip to ho like . . we . spade : gutman , hub ? thanks , ne open the coor to he private °° the District Attorney 's office callec . bryan would like to see darling . | offico a sho telephone as spade enter , shapo a silont have he call you ag soon that 's the third time shet cellod growl noise , pect that , too , when I sald - theo and 22 phone again , sting somothing . : a go in , awe . ghabe pattie gaede . brigid o'shaughnessy , dress as on she first visit to the office ise from a chair beside he desk , come quickly brigin : ( exelo das ) : somebody 's be in my apartment t xyt 's all upside down - ever way . I change as fast as tt could and come '' oh , you must have dot that boy follow you there . spade : . ( shake he head ) + no , ange ) . -- I shook he before I go to you placo . : {he frown ) . I wonder if it could heve be Cairo ? ne be n ' % at he hotel all night . he tell mo he would be stand up under a police grill 021 night . I wonder } at he with cloudy eyo . i co oye St _ brigid : to * you go to sve joo this morning ? | no y _ spade : , _ yea . * -- . ; brigid : | : . ( hesitates ) - > why ? 's spade : ( smile down at she ) because , my orm truce love , tive get to keep in seme sort of .touch with '' all the loose end of this diszy affair if ita ever go to male nead or tail of ft . he put a arm around she sheulder , lead she over to he swivel chair , lighlely kiss the tip of hor nose and set she down . : : spade : how , we have get to find a new home for you , have not we ? oot brigid : ( cmphatienlly ) I will not 's go back this , ' t 's think ) '' Walt '' minute , ( oftor to thdik ily 62 . int . owler office : ' spade open the door , enter , shut the doore . ct po what do you woman 's intuition tell you chout she ? : the cock a head 's at the docr maried '' private ' ) eff Ie : ( immediately ) : . she 's ali right . maybe it 's she own fault for be in whatever the trouble be - but she 's all right -- aif that 's what you mean . spade : . that 's shat ir moan see ar2 you strong enough for she to put she up for a faw dzy . . eff Ie ; you mean at hone ? i spade neds . ' . effie : clean forward ) be she in any cangerc , Sam ? . spade : . I think ' she be . effie scratch she lip with a rie er be - that would scare mon * into 2 green mo , hemmorhage , I will have to cay she ' ss a '' @ surprise tnass or somthing that ' you be ieeping undescove until the last mimite . : spade ( pat she tread ) you be a darling ! lo wis oc . he open the door the he ime office , smile across the thresheld at urisid . bffie here , for a fer d come cut of you up oesteful cye of brigic woot '' that 's very kind of you . . ius oe } tht. 0 2 office Space cpeng though door , enter , shut the door . it t : t spade : . . ( to effic ) _ . what doos you vwemant intuition tell you about she ? ( he cock he head at the deor mork . : " private " ) : : efvie : ( immedtlately ) . : shet all . right . maybe it 's mor own . d fault for bo in whatever the 4 trouble be - but she 's all right -- h . 7 ) df thatts what you mean . ee spade : mo . jf that ! 's what I mean e. Arc you strong enough for she , to put she up for a tow quay ? effie : : : you moon at howe ? spade nod . : cert , oo effie : ey ee , 's ( lean forward ) so of ts '' she in any '' danger , Sam ? 2,0 spade : wot a I think she be . . for effio seratches she lip with a yingernail . : 's efpie : . a phat would scare lem into - a green ' hermorhage . I will have to say shel @ surprisc witness or something shat you be keen undercover until the last minute . . spade : '' ( pat 8 hor hoad ) you be a darlingt I open the door to he inner office , snilo across though threshold at + brice spade : effie here , be go to put you up , i sor a fow day , darling , °° " spa ( to efric ) better start now . gg ad effic start put on she hat . spade : go oul the back entrance . there 's ‘usually a cab park by the , alleyway . ( to err : you ride part with she , - over though bridge - ané make sure you be not '' follow . otter change cab a couple of tine just the be on the sefe side . efpie : ( reach for the phone } T will give Hom a ring . : spade : : : time enough fer that when you get back . . : effio put down the telephone . + spade : : ( to brigid ) ~ call you later . : effic and brigid go out . spade fee into he innor . office . . . pede . . , * INS . private office . phone . . spade : et ( after of short pause - . into pl :one} hello ... this be same snade. ly | Secretary get a phone message that hir . bryan want to see inc . will you ask hin what - time be the most conven - dent for he ? ... yes ... spade ... s-pea-d-ci . SOUND of the outer office door opening , | step . when iva archer envor , close not private office bohind she , spale : . : . ( inte phone ) , yoo ... twoethiniz ? ... all right , thanks , . . ( hang up ) : '' spade sit dow , at he desl , dial a number on the tele -- lic push the teleplone avoy = rise , stade : licllo , loncy . iva stand just anside the door wadding a black - borderca nos hand acp i small clove hand , piecr into kis face with frighten , red tid swollen cye , iva : ( 4 n a choke voice ) oh , Sam ! forgive mot ... porgive meet spade start to frown , then make he face a blank . iva : ( wail ) ; I sont that policeman to you place last night . wus mad - crazy with ' jealousy + and J phone then that if they would go there , they would learn some - -: thing about mile 's murder . a . spade : '' ( what make you think of that ? coe iva : I wo mad , Sam ... I want to hurt '' you . . . . . . for spade : dia you tell they who you be when . you phone ? 's soe . coe iva : . no sas oh , Sam , dearcst ree doeceese : spade : u where. do you phone fron ? . : iva : . the drugstore across froin you place . spade : .? ( pat she shoulder ) '' it be a dumb trick 212 risht but itt do now . youtd better run on home . of and thinl of thing to toll the police , — you will be hear : G from they ... by the Way , where weru you the night mile be shot ? : mo : '' iva : ( with no hesitation ) + vono. : spade alwhkos he nead , granning at hor , unas '' twas . spadie : no . but af thatts you story , it 's all right with I , . iva : I be not lie to you , Sam . spado 's face wear a cxpression of polite doubt . ive wad she hander hiel , open 4 b , wad ib asain , tren : iva : ( voice husky . when he come home for dinner that evening , be tell I he have a date with a girl at the St. hari and that this be my chance to get the givoree I want . at first I think he be just make it up to try and '' + hurt I . but .. well 2 . you I :new tile ... it would havo . be liko he to 'seee . . : . spade : I know milo ... : iva : i.drove down to the so. hark and just as I get there , hc camo out and tarte up the street . 1 follow he . ina ' " little while I could sec ‘he be shedow - ing e man and a girl -- s0 I go oack '' and get in the car and go up to you apartment but you werontt hone , : '' spade ; what time be that ? . iva : : nine ... the first time , dre 'o about half - past a " spade : + Tho first timo ? : iva : . I go to a movie and when it be ever , iwent homa . wile hadntt '' m' in yet so I take the car out of though garage aguin and 's go beek to you place but : you be not in , : . spate : . ( smile ) . iwa low down at nilliesta corpse , precious .eie , go on . ' 8o , os ( cont . 2 ) . tva : then I wont home ay undress , you seer with the news of he 4 spadi : : . what a swoll iot of morrye coevound riding that be ! sho pute though wad handiorchisl to hor eye . spado roach out , pat hor arm . sho put she aris around hin . / : " iva : : - 's do you forgive mo for what I dia ? : spade : '' tr sure ido . now run along . ( turn hor around to face the door ) Boat it . : iva go out . ' spade goos bohind though partition 4 n the . corner of though office , os close shot spade .»48 ho start though water run in the lavatory , wash '' * rios mouth , then dric it roughly with & hand - towol , : ' over sceh though sound of the telorhone ringing . camera : : pull back as spade come ous ' from behing though partition , pick up though tolephona . : . : . . , spade : . : ( anto phone ) * hello ... yas ... this 4a spado ... iv " ' yos ... I get tt ... I 'vo bo waite : ang to hear from yousee now , the . boner , the botterc. , say f@ilteen minuto ... right vee brolvo -c tee '' + dissolve to : vie al PA hoy . nahogaun for y goon of suite 12 - 6 scene , touchon buzzer , the door be inn jately open be undersise youth , pho youth nothin ; bagi for spade to enter . camera pollow spado tarcongh the door into ~ . _ int . live room a flabbily fat man struggle breathlessly to raise up out of & plush armashsir , finally succeed . he have bulbous pink cheek and lip aud chin and neck , with @ ercet soft egg of a belly that be all he ' torso , and pendent cone for ama and leg . as he advance to mect spadc , all he bulb rise and shake and fall seperately with cach step . ilis eye , make small oy fat puff around they , be dark and lustrous . Dark ringlet thinly cover he broad scalp . he wear 2 black cutaway coat , black vest , black satin ascot tio hold '' tear - shape pearl , stripe grey worst . trouscr , and patent - leathor shoe , his votca be a '' + throaty purr . . . = : gutilan : ah , Mr. spade . | he extend a hand that be like a fat , pink ster . spade '' + , 2 '' take the hand , smilo , of — ; ' spade : + . how do you do , Mr. gutman . ' holding spade 's hand , the fet man turn , put he othe» '' hand to spade 's elbow , guide he acress the rug to . the plush armehair beside whicn be a table that hold & siphon , glass , a bottle of scoteh whiskey and 2 box of cigar , spade sit down . the fat mun begin - to fill two glass from bottle and siphon . the boy : open the door to a adjacent bedroom , withdraw . . gutman proffor spade ono of the glass , y guthan : | ( purring ) we begin well , sir . zx distrust a man that say " when " . 1f he 's get - to be careful not to drink tov much , ' it 's because he 's ust to be trust when he doas . : . spade take the gl he glass , hold 4 approvingly . smile , the fat man raise ugeinst the window 's Light , nod a t toommnuen ) guthan : vo plain speak , well , six , she and clear unde qhe pegainis sj shrewaly ) - you be a close - nouthed man ? spade : . ( shake he head ) ilike to talk . guiiian 's ( exclaim del ' ketter and better . I distrust a _¢lose - mouth man . lie gene ' pick ths wrong time to ink , say the wrong thing . . something you can not do ju unless you keep in practice . , he pick up . the box of cigar , hold it out to spade . spade take ono , trim the end of it , light it . the fat man pull another plush armchair around to face spade 's , tuke a cigar from tag box , lover himself into the chair , his bulb stop jounciny and settle into flabby rest . gutman smadle comfortably . .. ._ guiman : - how , sir , woth ) talk if you like , ! ooo ) and I will tell - you right out that '' 3 . tima nian who like talk to a '' mon that like to talk . -- a ' spade : swell ... w411 we talle about the 's bdlack bird ? | . gutmant bulb ride up and down on -his laughter . his '' pink face be shiny with delight , '' . : guthan : you be the man for uc , sir . no . beating about the bush bub right to the point . let we talk about the black bird by all mean ... but first , . have sir , answer not a question . be you * hore ag [ iss o'shaughnessy 3 repre sontative ? ' spade frown thoughtfully at the auhetippe end of he ' cigar . . sore . stadb : to . fhere be nothing certain about it gither woy yet ... 75 deoponda . ( send .l ) soe gutman : it derend en - - ? & sianting plume of smoxe over the fat say nothing . ' gutea maybe it depend on jocl Cairo ? spade bi man 's he spade : | ' + ( noncomnittally ) . maybe . : - ( purr inc the question be , a , wnscn youth represent ... it willbe one or the otuer . . spade : ° I do not say so , : who elsc be there ? stade : . ( point he cigar at he chest ) . there 's not . . the fat man sink back into kis chair , blow he brerth out in a long content gust . : '' gutbian 2 , - that 's wonderful , siz , wonderful ! ido like a mon thet telis you right '' out he 's look out fer himself . do not we a 11 ? I do not . trust a man that say he 's not . spade : cexhale smoxe} . uhehuh . now let 's talk about the ' dlack bird , gutman : ( benevolently ) let 's . ( squinting at ' spade , he eye bre but two dak slcen ) Mr. Space , have yeu any conception > of how auch money con be sot for . , that black bird ? : ry + to i es D mo 8 i : spade : , ut no , : . . gutar : ( lean fomvard , put kis : bloatee hand on the arm xq of spade 's chair ) '' ell , sir , 4 for I tell you - if I tela you half '' you would call a liar , spade : ( smile ) uo yo = not even if I think so , but you just tell xe what it be and I will figure out the profit , cutnan 's bulb jostle one another as he levsh anain , then he stop laugh abruptly , stere at spade with a intentness that 's sggest myopia , . ' gutkan : ( sibilantly ) you mean you do not know what the bird be ? : spade make a careless gesture with he cigar . _ . - spade : T - know what it 's suppose to lool ' like . I know the value in human :| life you people put on it ao . ' gutan : ae ( in amazenent ) . '' sho do not tell you what it be ? 7 , '' * dnd catro do not either ? . rno ) mo , , spade : . '' Ho offer I ten thousand for eat cuthan : ae . ( seornfully ) oo ten thousand - and sollar , mind . . ' you , not even pound , : I - he grunt in disgust ) . * rumpht : ( rest the ginsa on tis bolly , then half slova ) taey must know whet it be -- jinust v= but do they ? a . : . ( conttved ) . ~ 66 ( cont .3 ) . : gutman : ( cont . ) ( clear he throat , then to he former voice ) do they know what the bird be , sir ? vat a8 you impression ? _ — spade : ( shake he head ) there 's not much to co by . Cairo do not say ho do , and he do not say he do not ... she say she . qid not but I take it : for grant _ she be lie . ' . suthan : a that be not a injudicious thing fen , to do . of ( he shut he cye , openg thom suddenly wide , cric : ) if they do not know , ' I be the only ono in the whole wide , sweot world who doos | : . . ' spade : : . swoll ! whon you have tell I , that will mako two of we . . gutmen cock he head at spada '' = eye a-twinkle , ./ weer ee , : guyean : 3 1 , mathematically correet , sir -- but 'o - I do not know for certain that iin go to tell you . spade : ( grin indulgently ) do not be foolish . you know what . itis , I know where it ' be , that 's why I be here . . : lt gutmai : well , sir , where be it ? '' spade isnore though question , he fat man bunch ‘his ' lip , raise he cychrow , cock he head even further + i guthai : ' ( blandly ) : . ' you seu ? 's I mast tell you whet I 7 ! know but you will not tell mo what you know . that be hardly uguitable , sir . wo , no . I do not think we can . ! do business cloug that line ( contzimnitd ) 8 a " y ce besene hard . I get slowly to he foot . spade : voice low , furicus ) : think again and think fag . I tell that want of yours t you would have to tal ! : to be before to through . tel tell you now that outll do you talk today or you ase through . what ure you be ig my . tine for ? I can get along without. you . ig toss he glass at the tabie the «occ , brear apart , splatter ts content and pidttece fragment ove taole and icor . Space wheel to confront gutman again . the fat nan pay no more attention - to '' gless 's fate + secs seade . lip perse , eyebrow zaise , head cocked , ha have maintaine : he pink -race blandacss shreugheut snade 's angsy spes ch - and he continue to mainvain it . the giass strike spade : . another thing . I dontt want .... the door at spade ts leave onen and the doy come in , shut the dnor , 5 tand in front of it , hand flat against he flank . lis gaze run over snade 's body fron shoulder the knee , then up again to settle on the knot in spade 's tie . ' : . . spade : . : '' glaring az the boy - sop wv repeat ) + another thing . keep tha gunsel ' away fron I while you be raking up you mind . I will kill han . . 4 the boy 's iip twitch in 2 shasowy smile . I neither ~ . raise he eye nor speck . gutman ( raugh toiersntiy ) well , siz , I must say you have 2 most violent temper . spade cross to the chair in whieh ke drow he hat , pick it up and set it on he head . | spade : think it over ! you have '' cot tall fives thirty Tien you be eitier in or out 's for keens . he let he arn deep , scowl at the bland fat man , scovl at the boy , go to the door ticough ich he have enter , open it . he go out , sian ang the doos . we int . hall alexandria RA troll dewn though hall ahead of spado . Ho pit . ' wo dhunt £ ws anside hia coliny , pull 46 away from he throut . je lick hie lip ss though ey wero dry . then he take out he handkorchictl , wipous he faco , roaching though ci avator , hoe prass the button , then '' - be raise hand , look at it . tha hang be tremble . spade grin ; no olovater door open . srado onto . ag though door ig closinr anothor clovator door opon and caivo step cut . neithos man soeo the other , dissolve to ; irt . district attorney' office ( 2d . shot bryan , spad , au assistant da . and a stenographer bryn. 's dark walnut desk be handsomely outfit with orore clock , inkwell , blotter and a small vase of flower . Ho be a blondo man of medium staturo , perhaps forty - five year old , his eye poer aggressivoly through , blacl : ribbone noso ginase . Ho have the over- large * mouth of a orator and a wido , dimple chin . spade sit in a leathor easy chnir to the leave and '' for foct avuy froma though desk . Tho Assistant d.a , - ina straight ~ back chair , face bryan across though desk . Tho stenographe> , also ina etraight - baak chair , be about ten foot owa . toe of yo bryan ; . poot ( to spado ~-his voice toe resonant with lutont . powor ) : who kill thursby ? spade : | . Z do not imowv . Tho dia. rub he black eyogless ribbon between thumb and finger . : . : : bryan : i qrnowingly } . porhap you de not but you could - mako a oxcollent guoa . of a spade : . ( seroncly ) my guess mipht bo oxcollent or 416 might bo crummy but 1 . spado didnit raico any child dipe : onough to mako guess in front of a district attorney ena a stenographer , : brya : why shoulda ! 's you if youtyo nothing a ' to conrneaye mte — ( i‘wz ' lo oo . bee ( cont , ) ae . , stade : ( mlidly ) evorybody have something to cenecar , _ bryan : and you have '' +9 : spade : my guessaa , for one thing . Tho Dee look down at he dosk , thon up at spade . se acitlc he glass more firmly on he nose . bryan : t£ you prefer not have the stonoq - rapher here , we can dismiss he . lt be simply a matter of convoniane '' . that I bring he ini : spade : : I do not mind hin a bit . Im will - ing to havo anything I say put down and I be willing to sign it . ' bryan : ; ( reassure ly ) . we dontt intend ask you to sign . anything . I wish . you wonleant ren , gard this as a formal inguiry at all . . and ploaso ' ' don '' think I have any belicf in that thuortos the police seem to have formad , spade : ( feel in he pocket for tovacco . nnd papers ) I and glad of that . what 's you thoory ? : bryan lean forward in he chair , he : oye aro hard and shiny ' as though lense over thom . . : brya ; toll mo who archer wis shader : no thursby sor and I will toil you who kill thursby . : spado laugh briefly . bryar : do not iisunderstang ime , spado . ( he kneek on the desk . with he knuckle ) I do not say you eliunt kill thursby or have he kill but I do say , } ing who you dent du . or '' oy . soon knew who iclilludt hy spade : thats wi whother or not tian Tor you to judge , ( interrupt I think this be gn ainfowsal tal , . dryar : ( site up straight ane : . square he shoulder ) I be a svorm officer of though law twonty ~ four hour a der and neithe : tommali ty o» informality justify you 4 thhold ~ ing from I ovidence of crime cxcept , ef course -. : ( he nod moaningly ) == on constitutional grounds , / spade : | you moan if 4 % might incriminate mo ? | oh , I 'vo get pround that suit I . botter , ny client ar . oend tile to & ducont amount of ssccrecy . . ( he riso , como i wet forward , loan : over " of the desir , he woight : : on he imucky ) . . both you and the police havo as much @3 accuse not of be mix up in the other night 's mrder , vell , I have have trouble with both of you bofore , as far as iean soc , mf best chance of clear irysolr of the treublo you be try to make for mar be by bring ing in though murderer a2 tiod up , and my only chanco of 8 vor catch then and tie then up and dring then in be by keep awey from yoa and the police becauso you would only bunun the work , turn he 's head over he shoulder to address bho stenographer ) gotting this cll right , yon , or be I cping too fuss for you , be silhogeapter : : , . ( look up at spado 4 with startle crea ) . ko , chy , ty gobting 3 % all tight . : : spade : . : good work , . ~ . ( turnine to bryan reet a spade : ( cont . } how , if you want to go to e hoard and tell thom ttme sereve justice and usie tt to revoke my licon e ; hop to it . you have tricd 4 % before and dt dientt get you aaything pus oa goed laugh ell eround , . ( ho pick up ii hat ) bryay : ( half riso ) but , look hore tae spade : - and J. do not want &ny more of this informal talk . I !vo get nothing the tell you .or the Police and tin tired of be call thing by every crack ~ pot on though city payroll . if you want to sco mo , pinch I or sudpoenn I on something and I 'l ] cone ' down with mr dawyor ... . ( put he hat on ) eee soo you at though inquost , imaybo , , hoe stelk - out , ex % . spade's office buiid ~ spado onterg scene , start to go in , come face to face with though undersized youth . who put hinsolr directly in " spado 's path , Boy ; come on .. he want to seo yous . the youth 's hand aro in hia overcoat pocket . his bocket bulge more than he hand rood make thom bulge , ' spade : ( grinning ) I dia n'¢ oxpoct you until five twenty - fivo , I nope I havo n'¢ kopt you wait . " the youth ratco he ore to sprdo 's mouth , boy : ( in 4 stratnod voica of ony in physical pain ) | = mo and thayla . will - ‘ut of you ivan} ( comt . ) . spade : - . ( chuckle ) the cheaper the crook . the paudior she patter ee . welk , losis of . far with th the boy 's ha as thoy start up though stecot sido by side . go penain in bis overce 's pockel , wipe to : mhp . gut : on elzvat the alexandria ned . shop as it open , spade and the boy stop out . camera thollizs ahead of they as thoy come up the hall . spade lag be hind a littlo as they approach suite 12 - C . whon thoy aze within fifteen foot of the door , he luang sideways suc - donly and grasp the boy from behind by both arm just beneath the boy 's elbow . the boy struggle and squirn but le be impotent in the big man 's erip . , Tho boy kick back he foot but they go between spradet sprond 2 cgs . spado lift the bey up from the floor 's bring he down '' hard on he foct again . at the moment of impact , spado 's hand slide down , get a fresh grip on though boy 's hand in he overcont pockot . Tho two aro tense and motionless for a long moment . then though boy 's arzis become limp , spade yelonsca he and stop back . in oxch of syude 's . hand , when thoy come out of the ovorcont pocket , thora - 4 i8 a houvy antomutio pistol . spade put the pistol in he own pockot . : oo spade : ( ( grin derisivoly ) como ei . this will put you in solid with you boss , . thoy go to the door of 12 +¢ , spade press though buzzer , ' the voy keep he hand in he overcoat pocket . gutman open the door . a glad smile dight he fat face , he hold out a hand . . , '' gutman : ah , como in , sirl thank you for come . como in , . ' spado shake the hand , entor . Tho boy goos in behind hin , int . gupman' livikg roo ; '' au the not man ahyta though doox , spade take the boy 'a piss tole from he pusket , hold they out toward gutman * ( coirrrnine ) my nw ede y . . spade ; here .. you should not lot he go om around with this . jis '! i2 get hin - a . self hurt , Tho fa % man laugh morrily , take though yistel , . . guiman : 's well - well ! what 's this ? ( he look from spade to the boy ) . | spade : , 4 crippled nevsie take they away from he tut I make ‘him give they back . the boy take the pistol out of gutmant hand , pocket a I eo do not speuk , . be - —. guthan : : a pop ( after another morry * will - lay by gat , sir , you be a chap vorth owe . a anaze character ] give mo you hat ees sit down , . as before , the boy withdraw into the ed ' and , as before , the fat man lead spada '' plush chair by the table . . join bedrocn , to the green 7 gutnan : ( mixing whiskey and soda ) , '' L o76 you a apology , sir , for -- spade : | os nover mind that { let 's talc about ~ the black bird . : . : the fat man cock he head to the leave , ' regards spada " with favn eye , cof : . uo L 7 guiman : 9. oe '' . all right , sir , lot 's , ° | . he put a glass in spade 's hand , point to though open box of cigar , sit , ol . sts : . gutman :* '' — _ oo ( repeat ) " : : 7 lett . . ( ho leane he woight _ forwnrd in though chair ) : this 19 go to be though most astound ing thing you ever hoard of , gir , - and y '' tsay that knew that a minute of you . caliber , dn you professsen , mist hive Vernon 6 spade neds politely . Tho fat una serous up hin oye . . cupman : what do you a or of jorusal of rhede and other Pag fob . John llcd though night 2 spade : ( lighting a ci ceusadoer or nometain be , be not they ? uy co eo guthak : : ' ( appreving2 , very good wee in. 1559 theso crucade Knights persuade though suporor ch _v to givo they the Island of kal make but ono condition . they pay he , cach year , @ triknto of a falcon in acknewledgment that melta wag still under Spain . do you follow mo ? spade grunt . the fat man look over he shouldor at the . three close door , then lower he voice toa husky , spade nod , . guttman : _ have you any conception of the . extreme , though immeasurable woalth of the ordor of that time ? spade : '' I amagino ' they wero protty woil '' fix . guihah : : ( smile induigently ) ' pretty well be - be put it mildly , ( he whisper becox lower and more jurry ) thoy wero roll in woultn , sin , for year thoy have taxon from the Za9t , no - body imow whas spoil of gom , precious motal , silis , ivorio , sir . wo all . know that the Holy Wars they wear lergoly a matter of loote , 's guttman : ase . acontimvt ) '' Tho unight wero profoundly grato - mul to tha vovor chavles for he gen , though th tribute not a insignif . don ted tuton plerdeus Golden fale con oneru finest the ita the vow L ( cont .8 ) : S ( he lean hig back 4 n he che : tako a sip ont of hb Glass , thon rest it on he belly ) woll , six , whet do you think of that ? | ( cont . ) ight spade : ( shruga slightly ) I do not know gutlman : ( complacontly ) : thone aro fact , hiatorioa ) , fant , not school vonk history , not iy , woll ts history , but history never - ' theless , , spzdo nod again , drink , . guttman : ' . they seni this foot-high jewele bird to Charles '' who be then in Spain . they sont it in a galloy command by a member of the grdor , - will . ( he voice sink toa - . whispor again ) it never reuchea spein . - a famous . : adwiiral of buccaneer take the '' iy Knights ! gailoy and the bird , in -* . , 2713 it turn up in Sicily . in 1940 it appoar in Paris , it have , by that ' timo , acquire a cont cf biack enamel 80 that it look lito nothing ior¢ - ' than a fairly interesting black atatue otte . in that disguise , sir , it be , '. you might say , kick around fart for more then throo score yoar by privato owner too stupid to sce what 26 be undor though alsin ... thon in 1925 a grealk aoaler name chariiao kon tantinidos find 4 '' jn a obscure shor . : ( ho chuckics} : . '' ro thickness of snamol could concen valuo from hia eyo , : ths fat man reisc he giuss , amilo at its omptinoss , - vioo to £ 411 4t and spido 's , - cutizat :* ~ ( work though siphon ) you begin to voli ove nea littla ? , oo spade : . . tobavont 's sata I diantt , " lor ea pee eee a eet dete meee its dowm again , drink hoa white handierchicl . guuag : woll , sir , to hold it safe whil pur - sulng he roscarchos into it history , charile ied though bird . Des - pito that precnution , howover , I get wind of he find . ( ho sigh doupiy ) a , sir , if I haa only know a low g@ayy sooner . J be - in London when T hear . y pack a bar , and tool : _ the beat train dis ately . on though train I open a paper , the Times , and yead that charilaos 's cateblish ~ mont have be burglarize and hin murdore . suro enourh , upon ' arrive there , I discavor that the bird be go . a ( he shake he head sedly - thon he shut he eye , smile complacently at inner thought ) ' that be : sovontecn yearn ago . woll , ' Sir , 16 take I soventeon year to ' , mocato that bird - put I dia . : ( ho open he oye - suddenly ) . '' I want 1t ana I be not a man that 's easily discourage when I want 3 onio - ' thing . : . ( he smile grow broad ~ he dreing he Glass , drios he lip , return he handkerchief to he pocket ) - I trace 4t to though homo of a Russian gonoral - one keamidov = in a istam - ~ bul suburb . he didnit imow a thing about it . it be nething but a black onanol figure to hin , but he natur - ql contrarinoss keep he from sclling it to mo when I mado hin a offor . so I send somo ~ ah - agont to pet it , woll , six , they get 4 % and I havo not get it . ' ( ho stand up again , .carrios hia empty gleso . to though tablo ) | i . but in go to get it we . you Glass , bir ee spade : | . then the bird cocantt bolonr , to any of you but to a gonoral i wow ? ( com ? prrnisn generously , part yoo gut : . ( fill spado 's Glass Wall , Sir , you might gay it belong to though King of spein but I do not 500 how you can henestly pran a body clso clear tltila to le -- oxcepe by right of possession , ( ha ' tonna forward , puta hia hand on sradot imeo ) voll now , bafore wo start to talle price , hew socn can you += o2 how . oon be you willing to nroduco the - falcon ? : . spade ; a couple of day . ( nod ) . that be satislactory . . ( he hold up he 's glass ) ' well , sir , hero 's to a fair bargain . and profit darge enough for both of we . so : se " " they doth drink , spade ; . sey what 's you iden of a fair bargain ? guiran : . + I will give you twonty - five thousand -' dollar when you dolivor the paleon _ to I and another twronty - liva thous - and lator on . or , I 'l ) give you ono my quartor of whet . I ronlizo on though , falcon . that would amount to a vastly con , gpeater sum , at spade : how mich groator ? - : gupman : . ' who know ? shali I say one hundred . thousand ? . will you beldove I if 1 of ionamo the sun that socm the - probable mininaun ? spade : why not ? ee gutmal ( lover he vod co to a purring murmip ) : . whit would you sur to guarter of a > million ? : spane : { narrex he oye ) then you thin ! : sho gingus io yvorth & million ? guinan : ( saxonely ) tn you own worl , why nov ? . spade euption hit wlaas , set it on though tablo , put he cigar dn he mouth , take it out , look at at distaste . pally , lay £ 6 on though ash srayi . , spade : that 's e lot of dough . : , guttman : a lot of dough spade : the minimun , huh ? and the maximum ? -> there be a unmistakable " spit follow though " x " in . taximun as spide say its the fet man loan fomvard , ~ pat spado !s imoe , . . . gutmann : - the maximum I rofusa the gioss . , : ll. you would think I erazy . '' I dontt ; foo : know . therots no tell how mo high it could goo , . sir , and that 's . the one and only truth about it , '' spado pull he lover lip tight against though upper , shake he head , raise he right hand , press he palm against though base of he head . then ho stand up ' holping himself up with he hand on though arm of he chair . he shake he head again , take a uncertain stop forward . gutman jump up , pushos back he chair . his fat globe jiggio . his esa ayo daric hele in a _ ofly face . spado swing he head from side to side until he dull eyo . you point to ths door . Ho take onother uncortain stop. : quiman : ( cnil charply ) wilizor ! the door to the bedroom open and the boy come in , through the door will 500 a rew of case and bar close and ready for travel on the floor , srade take a third step . his 3 musclos stand out iike . tumor . uitier he cara . in log do not etraighten again after hia fourth - ‘ep and he dull oyo aro all but coverud oy ~w ' . ( conrzitved ) p m { gont 6 ) the boy come over , thoir lida . lio the 3 he coat ovar he stands choose the heart . the corner of hi ep . Tho boy ! spade trip and or : on the floor . ‘he boy , Is '' 20 '' dew at to get up tne boy draw he vight loot fay back , kiev spada 's temple . Tho kick rolis spude over on he side . ° one more ho try to get will - cannot '' g0 g5 to uloep . joo} . Cairo apy in though bedvocm door , bat in hand , tool down at spade as wg rarr , and unde dissolve to : int . gutmant live room night the room be in complete darimess save . for a pale rec - tanglo that be the window . thero be though SOUND of a groan , follow by lov mumolihg . after a short silence , though groan be vepeate , then though sound of scurfling . - a form rise , stand in silhouetto against the rectangle , stagger sli shtly , the form move away from camera toward the window . enroute it imocizs . over 9 piece of furniture . it reach the window , open it , drink in air with gasp that be like seb . ' then it leave the window , disappear inte garkness . . '' the light come on and we soe spade stand , one hang - én the switch , the other to he head where neck and skull join . his % tempio ia dark and swollen , Ho turn away from th switch to look with daze , heavy - lidd eye around though room , it be exactly as it be '' hen ko lose consciousness except for a over - turn side table and the door to a closotb be open . Tho closot be ompty , spade walk unsteadily into the bod= roon , . do int . bedroom .49 spado cross , enter the bathrooa . he bend ovor though lavatory , turn on io water , splashes it over he face , proung sgnin , make a cup ef he hi be , fi1l the cup with water , drink , or rat zy t 3 though water into he mouth and spita 1t cut . he dow not uso a tovol , turn back into though bedroon , lesv though water tap rine ning ina bling , ime complotoly mothedscal way , ho though room . Ho tritea off though '' viraa the milirassen of : o2 , bed '' away crom tha wo oghing thy np though cushion from th at the underside . turn the chair over to oot sa & 2 a be er not hoe start opond tha onpty dvaver of the chiffonion i dissolve to ; int . bali outside srapiit the glass panel on the door x glow with a war righte spe Le door be lock , Ho take out he ke the door , open it guiotly , step a4 13 knot though ¥5 , put on anko dently in , - ac ixt . spade's outer office iftie perine raise up from t have be asleep , set ar. ae es ho couch , rub hor cye as though sho mer cont , which be tuck around | hex leg , slip to the floor , evprie : - oh , Sam ... - * spade : . lo " who be you ? the boy who stand sl en the burn . desk ? . effie : * - of it couldn' get you on the phone so '' I come back down , : '' spade ; what 's up ? . effie : miss o' shaughnessy =~ sho novoy get there , : . . spade take two Long stop catch effie by hop shoul - & ps , F dor , jiftt hor up from though couch . '' : : spade : ' she didni¢ get thero ? effie shake she hoaa violently . ; spade : | ( voice loud , onrage ) anothor herryesgo - yound | efpie : ( treablingly ) . do you tint : someth ny , 's happonag to she , San ? you #ay sho be in Pond ase dancer , spade : nobody follow you , aid they ? evie : ( shake she head - brushes she hair away from she eve in a nervous resture ) . wo change enb tryico liko you tola we to and when I get out , I tola she to change oneo againe spade : then she diantt show up because she do not want to . be effie open she mouth to say something , close again as she scos tha braigo on spadol temple ; effie : ohl you honadl what happen ? he barely touch he temple with he finger , flinch , '.turn he grimace into q grim smile . . spate : ' I would not imow . I wont visit this afternoon , want feed imockout '' - . - drop and cane to just a littl white ago all sprcad out on e man 's floor , : : she 's ~ecaches up pemove he hat , '' effie : you can not walk around with a head like that ! . . " spade : . -- it 's not we bad as at look . effie : do what happenca this afternoon have anything to do with she ? . spade : . . something . . spode take he hat away from hor , make of harsh noise in he throat , gee to the corridor door . I be go out ts find she if I hava to oly up scvern , stay hov tii I come aek op vou ° fron mo . lett do something right for change . uo goon abe do delve hop cigar sv lean ona elbew on she on spade enter scano . spade : even 's luke . : luge : halo , sanie ( he fold the ps put it into he coat peckot ) spade : ont to do mo a favor ? luke : {he stare at spadet temple ) . ' say ! somebody nace you plenty . . spade : : look worse than it iseee . you have '' get a guost name of cad 0 '' ' . suroe . 4 I q os 4 , : . a q luke : CO , { - ( leer ) oo i . ; ° oh , that ene ! '' I see you talk to th . , he this '' morning . : . , + . thoy turn away fromthe cigar stand . t moa : . . it ro , '' spade : ' i '' .. , how 's chanee of give he room a the " case ? co it . luke : af ( nod ) . eet can ac , camera trolly '' ahead of they as thoy walic toward though dale wipe to : . int . cairo' single HOTEL bednoot spade and lux rothing about the room be romaritablo execpt perhaps 's the precsento on the dresssr of of cut - less bottle of portum and &n atomizer in ju aposition to military heir — brushese spado be glo ng o trunk . .: seade no dicé so far . lulio loek the truniz . to luke : ~ thing youtyo nunposad lon ? be leet pe pee ae arn se unery espn aera joe E o lave coma here . ts ' '@ vite to know af ko gade I haventt . see anyt that say he didnt , Ho cross ths iy room , bond dam over though waste basket . spale : 3 this 4s we last chot voll have he tako a bewapaper out of the basket . it 4a fold with a classit advertising pare outside . he open though papor , turn 4 '' over . fron the lozzy leave ) hana corner a littie mora than tyo inch of the second colum hzs see tear ' out . imcdiately above the toar be @ smal ception : : _ - insert : recspaper caption . , stoamship arrive today '' , follow by : : : lo - +12:20 awm . = copac from astoria : a we . 5105 aelia =. holon P. trom greenwood : - 5306 a.m. = abarado from bandon é . scele : , ; fe " spade : . look lize the go 's antorest in -'.@ doat , . mo duke : . no law against that , 45 thoro ? : spade : . be that a " Express " in you pocket ? - tuko nod , give spade though papor . spade turn to the 's shipping news , compare the pago take fom the wasto paskot . that which be miss from though othor paper ad : 's , 'a . . -* insert : nevspaper . — - st]7 at. = gan from Sydney and papoot ~ Admiral pooplos from astoria = lapoloma from hongue the = silerado from San podro '' " spadet thumbnail stop belov " lapalema from hengicong " . we dissolve of : uG shot co _ + Tho vagnao outline of ao move snip ! heavy billow smoke . ove scele and bell , ths suokg cloarn fon a — 00 lottawa poe Mt 3 bow behind a wall of the SOUND of sirona brie ? cresorné ava ! long gey the vatererony nigh-upehed ribbon of water from og avo ploying on the dock x ship be be towdd . gonzcn fire hose y from whieh though burn mo . shot taxicab " as spado got os , run into though ovowd that 49 watehing the five . : . close shot spade as he push hoodle ssly through though crowd toward though police lino . . : : ned . long shot police line ' , spade start through , but a policeman stop he . " spade say something to the policeman , which will do '' not hear , then he take out he wallet , open it . show it to the policeman . the policeman lot he pass . camera pan with spade as he goos to a Group '' of mene : _ mo to '' full spot grout of reporter , a couple of policeman ane the mato ‘of . | the La paloma . Tho mate be talk . . hate : ct ( with a slight : swedish accent ) | it start in the hold aft in _¢ the rear basoment oe . e '' repontar : . what insurance be sho carry ? : though mato shake hig head uanoticod , spado join though croup . - spade : anybody burnt ? ad lib : : hopa eve | nobadly cee ~ only ths harber wateh be abonye toe the mate nside . spade : hor since . I be worrked : y ' no roason the be , ter . * body get off all rignt . e spade : I wonder if you sav hore about live foct five wit - hate : ( shaking he head '' someone I lmow camo abcard this afternoon . tl have not hoard from eee evorye she be - oo nhore hailrcede ) +! goula not tet ? you , mister , but ir she come eboard , sno get off all right . only the harber wateh be aboard when though fire start . dissolve to : int . spade's private off ice spade and effie perthe .. '' spade jeans back jn he chair talk with he eye ' closc . effie , sit on the des} &i t , be bathing he temple with a wet handkerchicf . + wer faco be flushed '' with oxcitement and she eye brilliant , . spade : | , and now you imov as much about it - as I do , precious , kaybe they . wont down to tle ship =~ '' nobere . " effie : moaybo — the part about the ddird -= be thrill . ' spade : yos - or ridiculous . '' over scene the soud or close . '' '' sit un straignt in '' listen . effie the down from +} toward the connect door but - bef 'o spade : hold onese - she stop a tha micdle of to look not spade . io cot ' ate . ep , Zoos the corridor door open and he chair , wai tinge , 1 desk , start zo sho can roach it : 's the floor , tyrn she head to the door , opsn angle of goummeniie doch a tall . throat esain bound '' 2 step lor so hold ay 31 popo = a the man his bony face , weather a4 d m '' old tight '' wranpad parcel mownet largor tos coarsencd , be the color of wot 2 sand and he eve be dark and bdlocdishet and mad . there be nothing jn they to show that he man : you imictteece . see spado . 4 bubbling scund start in he throat . choke he word . he put he wright hand ovexy the hand hold the ellip - soid , thon fais . break 's mo . close skot spade , man , epfie spade catch hime lio do not put he hand out to nis fall ~ he fall as a tree fail not paper - wrappsd parcel drop ' from though mania hand , rolis across the floor . in spadet arm though manig body become limber , - lowor he to though floor , the man 's eye spade 's dark and bloédshot , be mad no longer but wido open and still , spade : ( to brfric ) losk though door , effie , she teoth chatter , move to imeel beaide the thin man , turn he ov : run a hend dom inside he overcont . draw the bend , it in emenr darkly . oboy . poon he back , en ha with - Tho sight of he spade bloody hand bring not the least rop briefast of chance to spade 's face not toveh any othor y closrur mat pace hnoleing the hena up go that . 46 will 3&s he take out he lightor with he 3 , snap on though liane and hold it gloso to 's 2 '' , thon the other of though man 's oyo . tiida , cyebally > ivise one pupil remain frozon dime mobiloe . ' stn ewepenree eat tte ae they a rte ern '' boy 90 '' _ Ho be wash he hand . luge Group bdnguagh though phe pockct . 7 paddy move on man 's side , we overcoate the yoturn the lighter tv hi mecs around to the dead a he clean hane to unbutton and open é gd apel whore they cross over ths lerced by %. cee hole '' sp : 2ct from the acket pocket '' spade onan though t = taltea ont paper ~ look at they = then place wallet and paper on the floor beside the bodye camera pull back to : '' full shot offtoz as spatc risc , oes behind though partition in though corner of the office . over SCE though so of run water . effic perine , Wan , tooth chatter , walk around the body on the floor back into tne brivate office , boer to though partition . : . eo , close shot spade aw zipis eypie : | be =- be on ha == ? spade : '' yos see Ho coulantt have come far . with that in hime : : ( he rinse he hanag piel vp a towel ) : ' why could not ho have stay alivo long onough to vay something ? ( he turn to faco : effio , who be sway dog on she foct ) pull. yourselr togother . m the towol , take hor by though elbow tightly ) you mstnft go to picce on I nowe effiel oyoly flutter , sho taltos two duap breath y thon she open she oyca , nod - '' eppie ; all right , same relonsing one olbow , : ho turn hop around . '' fult , of offton oo as they come ont from behind the yar over to the da beside ono leg af whi the papon - wrap parece ] . i he bend over , p 3 at upi not feel its vw ne put it or one spade goas i cg & pm jb oo of the do part of the rope j 5 out he ot of and cut the ¥rfie c the rop . mont be v . the corner of the dosk , wateh nin mul looss and push asido the brow papere xcitee gin to supplant terror end nausea in hor lace . effi2 : . whisper } en lo do you think it 'se.e.e? * : oon spade : ( patting wrapping - paper out of though way ) , we will soon imo his fingor tear apart a ege-shapod mass of excelsior to - reveal though footehigh figure of . bird . be hold the bird ont a % arm 's jenugth . - . '' 2 t.- gamera move '' sub 10 : '' closeup she maltese falcon '' a ' spado 's hand : it be shiny ond black as coal : spade's voice ; os ( over seenc ) . wolve get it ; angell . we have get itt lose shot spade and refie laugh , he put he arm sround elfio , erush she '' body agninat ii . . a _ effie : ( whispor ) youlre hurt I ! Ho tale he arm away from hor , nolda the bird in voth hund , blow on it to aisledss '' ) . enealsior and gust , then plase it on the des ) : step bacic and tegardis 40 trav antiire eflic & horrificd face , geronuwa , point at he lfovt . : , ht be on the deed wien 's hand spade jer ) 's F free the hand . qver scene though sounp pe 20 no rdngdng . . : of though telep ) two shc ? — spade ad efpie spade nod at effie . sho turn to though gosk , put tha peculiver to she car , : efpie : . . ( into pheno} . . , hollow . yosece who ?oee oh , yos ... ( she eyo becoma . jarge ) - 7 . '' where ?... yos , youe , hold though linde ses ' ( she oye open wide and foarful = sho cry ) . - hollow . hollo .. '' hellos ... sho rattles though prong up and down , then sho sob ang 8 ping around to face spade , who be Close besido she nov , es eyite : | : see ( wildly ) lo it be hisg o'shavghnossy ! she - ' want youl Shots to dangoxt spade : tg Whore be she ? eyfie : burlingame = 26 fneho = oh , sanl. , her voico <= 4 é be avfull and some« thing happenod to she before she could tinishe co help she , Sam , - spade pick up the falcon from tha dosk , turn it around , scowl bloomily to the thin corpso ‘on though floor , point he thumb at ate : . - spade ; I have get to take earc of this fol . low first . . effie come around in front of hin , start beat he chest with she figt .. i : effie : ft . ( cry ) : - Ho , holess yonive get to g9 to she , do nor you soo , sant : a dy nae 109 , - eppi= : cher wide tox a ' eye behold the dead man beieftsy ) : ning she and they kill 2 she 's -- oh , you have ne be hin - get to spade : fafter a moment ) :. he push hes aver , bend over he desk put the bic : die back inte its nest of cisior , ks up the wrarp pare from the floor and , wrking rapidly , make a large clumsy package . spalz : as soon as I have go , phone the police . tell they hov it mte bet co not drag any not conatt k. and it gidntt 25 ee toaot the pi I nad to go but ft bere . ye untangle the rope and start bind the package . forget '' toil it as it happen hoc a dundle . get it st - verything happence dé haseabut without mius ana L ses the phone call , not you . he pet on he hat , pick up the lundic . yes , San ... who «+ do you know sho he be ? spade : he be ceptain jaceb ; , master of the La .?aloma , . cimploringly hurry , San . spade : ( slowly as theugh he thought '' . else .he re} sure = I will hurry . to set this of . ser off the floor betore : and keep the door locus . ( contined 6 ( cont ) out , look to right and leave , then vali ( puta he ) y on - she cheok ) you 'ro a gocd man , sister , Ho ‘smiios at she and goo , the bundle uméer hig arm sart wipe to : int . halinay office BU tlding as spade como ous of he office '' RA trolly chond of he down though nal toward though stairse at interval of threo or four foot , dari spot atout though siso of a pemy . shov.on the white tilo flooring , Joe turn inte _ though service stairway . ext . office build alley night as spado open the door to the delivery ontrance , come cs quickly through the stripped shadow though tiro escape cast , toward though mouth of the alloymwzay - . ' . wipe to ; _ ext . STREET mo . loe suct Bus terminal . 08 spade come out of legess start across the strect . int . bus terminal mo , shot baggage covnter mo : a loud speaker be announce the doparture of a bus : '' announcer : all aboard for burlingamo , San mateo , redvood City , palo altocese spade enter scene ; put he pareel bagcage clerk hang the cheek on the though stub , give 18 to spade . he t peneil ont of he potkot , put though onveloye , yoal it , then bond addrausson . sto oy on the counter . tro parcol , tear off : qk os a cnvolepo and cheek insidn though ing over though counter , sath . lol . closeup rvelope as spadet hand nraint the addroge : 102 . mo . shot int . bus terminal spade carry the cnvolopo to a mail box , arop . it 4 n and g005 out into though street . , : 103 . - ' ext . STREET . in froht of bus terminal the stroot . 10 % -e ext . union square c nicht camera trollius with spade as he wallss quickly along _ though lino of car for hire . ie goos up to a group of shack : drivar , tap one of they 'on the arrie vf the a : " spade : co rollo , franke — frark : oh , hello , mre spade . -.. ' they turn away from though '' roupe 7 spade : 9 ' 7 get plenty of gas ? . : - 4 : ' frank : sure thing . ° calera dolly vet thon to a dark sedan pariod at though - curbe spade get into the front seat Frank run < around though car , climb in behind though wheele '' 105 . int. , car close shot spade and rank ( process ) . . splde : inew whore ancho avenuo or rond or boulovard as in rurlingano ? _ ( coupzrninpd ) . 48 spade conos out , turn to though right , gocs quickly up | | 4 i$ , a ed '' a '' 1 ( cont ) frank : onose out into street ) nope - but if she 's there find } nol spade twenty =. and the poorer , the - correct . shen : they drive a little way in silenc , fran : you nartner do not he , m uhehch . she ts 2 toush racket ! rave it for mine . spade : well , bask érivess don *v live forever , yeu can '' wl can mo , dissolve th : a suburban STREET long sist nigit frontec by midtle class residence . int . car spade asd fraxk freak : oneesixty - it 's in the . : spade : | Park on the corner . ( France nod ) low s1pt STREET nigit the dark limousine pull over to ' the curb , out , walk along the pevencr leo : petse 32 - 30 be sit ct as nunb2r . ie sten inte the presently off whe curb , } she sow of a mote let , he turn notd up he arm , uhisty . start . where spide stand . naxt block . snade get the house to 23 be a in the weed . thea stand mate back , sx ses the headlichts rs on si ilhoue ting spcce , then the car move forviard ta spate get in beside the driver . — wee eee ~ — — _ — — — 7c 109 . alc . tnt . car close stat | eade ao fl lar Frank look at hin question . ly. Space say nothing . al the V 's in he face be accentuate : tae corner of he mouth turn up but he be not smile , . . i franks | neye on the vacant lot ) Bus stcor , mz. spade ? : é spade meke no immediate renly . i : be not to ans.er the driver 's que he doc speak , it : spade : | stop when you see @ drug store that 's open . dissolve T closz = sidt spade ix taspiom : boor he have the receiver to he ear . i spade : | - hello , Mrs. perrine ? . '' + yes , please . tl . what 's the good Plant . ase you sure che mate on : face at she oz rz ) ' mell , it be hooey ... gverythiag co . okay ? , '' .. nothing say about the bundle ? eoe swell ... bid they take you down to the well ?... uheituh .... all right , . preciat , , . you better hit the hay . you sound all in ... get 2 boo night 's rest . ( ue hear a voice in the . : recciver . spade intesrupt ) - '' save it till tomorrow . 's bye. ( he ha ang up ) be effie there ?... lo , precious ! no , I run into a be she voice ? costn dissolve to : ext . spade's apsriment iduse '' nicht the dark : limousine enter pictu . pull up to the eur spade get out . spade ( to driver ) ' thanks . night , Frank . . fray goodnight , Mr. srade spede clinb the sten to the strect -deor . the car out of seem . spade put he yo dn the lock . ov scexe the SOUND of keel el ? vo oranidlv a the esdowalin 312 , , : ' : 's , 's 3 , = . ' ao of | set t 1 , ' ' j at4 , air , ( cont . ) . _ lie reacace the 1 '' susurcasy T up the stop , put '' she am axvound hin , ciing to hin . 1 ' prigid : ( pant ing ) i oh ! I think youfd never comet ' mer face be he mile , distraught . : tromer hemi to foot. th the hand not : surporti feois for the key again , onen the decr , inside . camera troplizs bent SD thes into tnt . vestiucle ; you have be wait ? . brice :. ( gasp painfully ) not yes .. in a - =dogrwsy -- '' ud the stfect ..... they walk to the elevator , spade . ' suppert ker . int . automatic elevator spade aid baicis srade touch the button sith he free hand . , '' spade : can you make it all right or shall I carry you ? brigtd : cher head against he shoulder ) tid be -- all right -- when I - get where -= z con =~ lie down . mge tie open the elevator deor , help she out nallway int . spade's aparth as & @o and brigid be about ser the live ren , the ing recom , iisht coe can . id cry out , eli : to spac '' bat gutman siz ing poon smile benevole cone ont of = kitchen , : the door to the bathreen on " , he flat , black aut i he be around brisid . to inother . entrance to ? gut cvolubly ) mell , siz , vetre ail he now let 's co : in end sit '' and be comfort a ey _ well , sir , welro atl hero . | now let 's como jn and sit down and be comfortable and talke spade : ( omile bloskly ) sure . ito gutman 's bulb jounce as ho take three vwaddle baclward stop into though live reom . spade and brigid go in to - '' gothere Cairo stop in the doorway . ' int , spade's live room group the boy put away one of he pistol 's come up behind spade spade turn he head around to look ovor he shoulder at though boy '' . coed a spade : - _¢ i + get away you be not go to a vi : fvrisk mee . . : . wilmer : stand still . shut up ! . * spade : ( voico level ) put you pay on mo and I be go to .. mako you uso that gunecd askt you boss 's if ho want I ' shot up pofore vo ' tall 's guthan : : not : ( after a pause ) _ nover mind , yilmor , - vale ( he clmckle at spade ) you be certainly a most headstrong individuol ... oll , let 's be seat . spade tako brigid to the sofa by the window , sit dom th she . they sit close : together , hor head rest _ against he shouldor . sho have stop panting but che 1s - still tremble . gutman lower himself into though padded rock chair . Cairo choose the armehair by the window . Tho boy remain - stand , one . pistol huge look in he small hand , ' dangle by , he sige , look undor curling '' * lash at spada 's body . Cairo put he pistol on the tabilo beside hin . spado take off he hat , toss it to - the other end of though sofa , then he grin at gutman . : we . spade : . toe . wellt aro you ready to make the first ae -* paymsnt and take the falcon off my hand ? ' brigid sit up straight , look at spade with surprised oyoese he pat she shoulder his eye romain on gutrman ' !s , . pg gutman : ' ( put bis band to he inside bret pockot ) - woll , sir , as to thates .ss : Cairo . wand a mhtaha ieee ae ke ~ i i { ( ropoat ) woll , sir , as to that ... to Ho tako a white cnvolope from he pockot , turn it over in he sellen hand , study for a nonont its dilank i white front , then cock he wrist , jerk he hana for - & BT ward . spin , though cnvelope gatio into spaage 's lap . a spade trkos he arm ’from around the girl . use both hand , ho open the onvalopo , tako out atiff , new bill , count then , co . : . ton thousand ... we wear talk about more menoy than this , guthan : / ( oyo twinkle merrily ) yos , sir , wa wear ... but this be a gomino coin of the roalm , sir , '' ith a dollar of this you can buy - ten dollar 's of talk . 7 .. . ( he put a serious ox - . will of pression on he faco ) tat . thore be mor of - we to bo talcen . car of nov , _ spade tap though edge of though bill into 's alignmont , ro~ : furn thom to the envelope , tucking tha flap in over 's they , . to . '' spade : ' : os _. that mey be but I 'vo get the falcon ! ft catro : ( primty ) zi should not think 4t wovld be a . necessary to remind you , Mr. spade , cok that though you may have ' the palcon , : yot we corteinly have you . 7 spade : : . ( turn he grin on 's ' . . caire ) ' I be try not , the lot that worry mo . - Ho sit ‘up stright , pisc though onvolopo on though arm of the sefa , address gutman spy 's , oe vetll ' cane baci : to though money leter . - thoro 's another thing to bo takon care of first . wotve get to huevo a fall - guy . gutman raise he oyobrew to oxpress inquiry . spade : pha nalian awn wah be hewn on wet bee 1s ( Cone . 2 ) spad . send . ) om : somebody they can stick for this vf murder . , 7 i cairo : } : ( voice brittle - . tio -~ only to murder ' . thursby un goubtedly kill you partner . : : . : spade : i , ling ) : : wnat difference dee it ' . oint be , wetve sot to give 's the police ... : . : gutman : ; ' ' cinterruptin : : , : come , come , mz. spade . : yeu can not expect , : we to believe at this lcte date that you be the lesst bit afriad of the police or that vou be not quite able to hanc «.. . spade : , ( in restrain tone ) I be in up to my neck , gutman , T have get to come threuch with sonebedy -- of vice 's : tim - when the tine come . if I do not ) iti be persimsive ) ~~ , . let 's cive tuen the pu , ga , ( he nod pleasantly toward : the toy ) . he actually do shoot thurs 's do not he ? anyway , he 's for the part . let 's turn by and jacoly , oc to order over to then , '' the boy tighten the corner of he nowth . spadc 's propos2l scem to have not other effect on he , jocl caizo 's dark fece be cpen-cy , omauad . brigid move away from Space , twist herseil cround on the sofa ts stare at hin . gutman remain still , cxpressionicss , for a long moment . then he decice to laugh . ne Zangh heartily and at lengih . guimae : , by gad , sir , you be 2 character = that : you be . : , ( take a white tandeerchict : fzom he pocket and wipe ; . . he cyes} : ft there 's never any telli . ent tat something astenishin . ' — rr hat youtll say be wound to be of ' ' . stade : . cin the sanne of one aan . - keesson with a recalcitrant . . friend ) : . it be we best bet . «ith he in they hand , the piite wili i.. > —s ~ — - — ~— -— _ — ~ — mo ) S tcont .3 ) the boy 's spada grin , loox ct gutman . ie finterrun but , my gear mun , even fer the nom ss such I feel < o. af he veze but af I even for a do a you propose , ne would keep will police ever ; telliag ' about the falcen and all of we ? spade : let hin tat %his head off . I pronis ? you nobasdy will do anything about it . guiman : | ( laugh uproarious turn to loos at the boy ) vat do you think this , wilner ? it 's mighty fumy , eh ? , eye be cold , pale glecm uncer he lash . . wilmer : ( voice low - distinct ) mighty fumy ... : spad = {to brigid ) how do you feel now , angel , any bette ? . bricid : yes , much better , oniy ... ( she lover ker voice _to 2 whisper ) I be frighten space : | jf ( put a hari on ier imee ) do not be . nothing very , bad 's go to happen , want a drink ? brigid : * ( shake she head ) . be careful , Sam . : guiman : | . ( clear he throat , . laugh , then ) | well , siz , if you have realiy serieus ' about this , the least so can do in commen politeness , be to iaar rou out ... nos , how would you be able to fix cloaugh agein ) eee so that milner couldntt do we any ham ? it ... spade newante tt mack mietelns eat nersve -- but foal . & he be do as yer propose , with do you think vould koop Wal tulling the police every 1 - avon the falcon and ell of we ? spadi:! . guttan : ( laugh - uproariously - turn to look ut the boy ) will . it 's mighty funny , en ? Le the . wiimer ? a ‘( volce low . = distinct ) . mighty funny ... spade : ( to brigid ) : oo . * brigid : yos , much better , only wee , . ' ( she lover hor voice om to a whisper ) . I be frightenod ! . spade : ( put a hand on she ineo ) .. to heppon . vant a drink ? — brigid : of ( shake she head ) _ be careful , San . spade grin , look at gutman . gutnar 's ( clear he throat , laugh , then : ) row , how qlaug ) .s agnin ) haa ? not thowjht of vith y prom i deGai let he talk he head off , I promiso '' you nobody will do anything abous it .. what do you think of this , wilmer ? the boy 's ¢yss be cold , pale gleam under he lnshos , how do you feel now , angel , ' any 's dettor ? '' do not bo . nothing very bad 'ts go well , sar , 4f you be - roally serious about this , the least will can do in - cormon politensas , isa to hear fou oul . Lee would vou bo avlo to fix ite .. tee 90 that wilmsy couldn' do we any — wie = 119 , let halt a coxen cell} lace co free . T can '' . he start fool cround gather up everybody - het a tangle case , while , if ke stick to wilner here , he can get 'a conviction stand on he head . i " walk , stiff -levge , the boy acs vance from the dcor - he floor , ne halt way until he be in the center of there , lean forward slishtly for the . + , hand and pistol stilt cangie at he side ott he imuckle ore white ove z the pistol 's grip . the inéelible voungaess of he face give a indsseribsdiy vicious and inhuncn turcr to the white , hot hatred and the ecld white malevolence in he face , '' boy : ( to space in a veice czamp by passion ) get up on yout foct ! : spade smily at the boy . tis anusenent scon genuine and unalloy . _t : . : * tqy : i : I have take ali the ridirg from you I be go to take .. get up and shoot it out , : . oe spade : Young wild West ! : ( glance at gutman ) maybe you ought to tell hin that shoot I before you set you nencd on the . '' falcon will be bad for lusiness , : gutman 's voice be too hoazse and gritty for the pater - nally acmonish tone he try to achieve . guelun : now , now , wilner . ue can not neve any . of . that , you should not ict yourself attach such importance to this thing . ing . . - boy : : ( eye on spcas 's face as before ) : : maxe he lay off not thent . . : gutan : now , wilmer ... ( to spade ) you plan be , sir , not at a practical , sir . let 's not say anything more about it . : ( continued ) tw 126 , spade : all right - I have for it 's not as casd as t better than nothin . ' : gut : most assuredly . ner susvestion , irst but it 's st to hear it ? 15 ( sont .5 ) , spade : ' give they Cairo . '. gutnan try to laugh , cannot , thon : guim . D 's cin a uneert well , by gad , Sir ... : cairo : . ( voice shrill . indignation ) | suppose we give then or miss o'shaughnessy ? Mr. spade ? ft about thet ? spade you peopie want the on . I have get it . a fall - suy be pert of price I and . ask . as for miss o'shaughnessy ... ( he dispassionate gnze '' move to the girl ) if you think she can be cig for the part , I be perfectly willing to discuss . it with you . the girl put she hand to hes that , utter a short , strangle cry . . ' : co , cain : . chis face and body . tuitching «© ith eXe= ' tcitement > you scan to forrest you . be not in a position to insist on anything ! spade laugh - 2 harsh , derisive leuch . ans come now , gentleman , intt keep we discussion on of fricndiy basis . but there ccortaimly be ocock h eeesoncthing in v d at Space ) t mz. Cairo say . spad : '' if you kill I , | be you go to get the bird ? if I know you cat atfordto kill I , how be you poin to '' scare I '' anto give it to ycu ? gutmant S cye . tuinkle - between pucker lip . guthan : : well , sir , there aro athor mean of persuasion besides kill and threaten - '' dog to kill . . spade : suxo . but they aro not much geod unlosa though threat cf death be bohind thom . Sao . what I mean ? if you start anything t!11 make it a matter of you have to kill I or call it off . . ' - gutmah : ' ( chuckle ) . : that 's a attitude , sir , that call for - - the most dolicato judgment on both sido = ~ decause , as you know , sir , in though heat . ' of action man aro likely to forget where '' they best interest lio and let thoir '' enotion carry they aray , / :* '' bpade : : ( a1 smile biandness ) + +. Tho trick from my angle would be to mako '' my play strong onough to tic you up , yot '' not make you mad onough to bump I off ~ agoinst you better judgnent . uo gutman : . , see ( fondly ) : : . ! by gad , sir , you aro a charactor} jool Cairo get up from he chair , walk around behind ' though boy to gutuan 's chair , bend over , .screon he movth and whisper into the fat man 's oar , gutman - ' listen . attentively , nodd from tiie to timo . spade . - grin -t brigid o'shaughnessy , thon turn to though boy . '' spade : . , . oe co ) to ono they be sell you out , ' son , . the bey say nothing . a muscular spasm soizo though hand .+ that be hold the gun , hond and gun jerk ' convulsivoly . - ' ( to gutman ) : I hope youtre not lot yourself bo influonced by though . pun thono pocket . edition desporadocs aro wave ... '' , Cairo stop whisper , make . liimself orect behind the fat man 's chair . '' : . . a : spade : . so - itve preetice take then avay from ' 's both of then so there will be no . troublo thoro . wilmer hora be ... . . . , hoy : ey '' i we melee ey . no jerk he pistol up dn front of he chest . gutman fling a fat hand out to the boy 's wrist . jool Cairo scurrio around.to the boy 's othor side , grasp hig other arm hold .onte the boy 's wrist ; gutman stmiggles to get he fat body out of though rock chair , succeed , thon ho and Cairo wrestio with the boy , force he arma down . werd como ont ! of though struggle group . fragrent of the boy 's ineoheront spvoeech : yog ...« go ... Riding .. , smoke ... gutman repeat , " ow , now , wilmer many tine and Cairo , " no , pleaso dontt ' and " you must not , wilmer . " Woodon-feced , droany - eye spaco got up from the sofa , ' goos over to though group , the boy , umable to cope with though woight against he , have stop struggle . spado . dvivo he loft fist against though boyt chin . the boy 's '* head snap back . when it come forward spaco drive - he right fist against the boy 's chin . Cairo crop though '' boy 's arm let hin collapse against gutman 's round _ " , belly . Cairo spring at spade , claw at he faco , . tears.aro in the groolk !s cyos and he lip work angrily ' but no sound como from botwoon thon . : co . spade : ( laugh ) caolro , you be a pipt .c he cuff the sido of Cairo 's face with a opon hand , " knock he over against though table , Cairo regains he balanco , spring again . spade stop hin with a long rigid arm , the palm flet against . Cairo 's faco . Cairo , foiling to reach spade , fleil he short arm ' cat empty air . boe . mo 4 be : spade : . : eo , - ogrowls ) - . : '. stop it ! I will burt you t ' , €alro back away . spade stoops to pick up Cairo 's .* pistol from though floor end thon the boy' . hoe straighten - up , hold they in he leave hand , dangle thom upside - down , by they trigger guard , from he foro-fingor . gutman , who have put the boy in though rock chair , . *- stand look down at he with troubled eye . Cairo * go down on he imee , beside though choir , begin to chafo ' though boy 's limp . hand , spado ' cross to the chair , feol * , , @round though boy 's jaw with he finger . . sy mee " spade :- '' . + '' nothing crack ... wotll sproad he . out on though sofa , — . Ho lift the boy without apparent offort , carrios he to though sofa . brigid o' sheughnessy get up quickly . spade place the boy on though sofa , with he right 's nand ho pat though boy 's c. othos , find he socond pistol , ada it to the othor in he loft hand , thon turn he deck on the sofa . Cairo come ovor and sit don boside ths boy 's hoad . . spadg elink the pistol togothor in hia hand , smilo chosrfully at gutman , — hase 's ( sont .8 ) gutmui 's eye be cloud , troublec . tie di. not icok at spade but at the floor . : : spade : ' . either you will say yes right new or it11 turn the faicon and the whole let of you in . : : gutman 's cye dast from the flocr to spade 's face , t there . : : ; guthan : | . ( sharply ) i I dontt like that , sir . spade ratty the gun together inpaticntly . spade : you will not like it ... well ...? the fat man sigh , make & vry face . gutman : ( sadly ) i you can have hin . . spade : . that 's swell ! Cairo , sit on the sofa , rub , the boy 's temple anc wrist , smeoth he hair back from he forehead , peoss anxiously at hig white , still feee , xcept for hi breathe , the boy 's smaii figure be sltogether ' dike . spade puis he handful ef pistol on the teke a chair at a corner of the table , ciance tinny alacm clock atop the " celebrate crininal cose " . a ) : * two ofclock . I can not ' get the faison till daylight of maybe leter . gut : would be best for all concerned if we cid net cet out of each other sisht until we business have be transact . che look at the sofa ) eee you have the envelope ? it strike not t spade shake he head , glance over at the sofa , then loox around at the girl , . spade : miss o' shaughnessy ses it . + brisd yes , ihave it . : 's . ( put a hand inside she a jack : t ) I pick it up . Space tckes ont tobacco and narer , start roll sypad pat 's all right '' he {to gutnan ) 20 i '' the of cach have bring to excelic : t , sis ! inceihent !... then for the ten theusend dollar you '' ill give we she falcon ' and a heur or '' - cigarette . . i 's spa : let 's get the det fix . '' hy gutnen interlace he fing er ove he chair . '' 988 's brigid gasn , put she hand to hes mouth . wiy and where ain jacoby ? + , happen so wont fit do he shoot thess : and how do he shoo I have get to know all thas , I can be sure the part , be cover up . i be belly , rock in ( forthright a ) thursby be we believe that dizp the monger we do would cause miss o'shaughnessy to stop and think that perhaps it would be best to petch up she difference with we regazd the falcon . spade : you do not try to m2 before give hin the guiman : ( emphatic : liy > va do = yes , sic . we most certainly do . I talk to hin myseif that very aight but I could do adthine he . I be quite de termincéiy loyan to miss o'shaughncossy ... so wilmez follo ed he back to he hovel and do what he dic . sp . : cafte a moment 's think ) that sound of 11 right .... xow jacoby . ( gravely ) cantain jacoby 's death want entirely miss. ahnessy 's fault , ; ' ee ) : spade ; toll moe what happencd . nema : gutta : ( rock throvghout ) well , Cairo , as you must . have surmise , '' get a touch vith I after he icft police : headquarters yeaterdny night + or morning . hb recognize 's the mutual advantage of '' pool force , '' . ( direct he smile at Cairo ) Mr. Cairo be a man of nice judgment . ' the ‘> ' paloma be bis think . ue see the notico — . of its arrival in the bepere and rerember . that ho have hear in hiongkong that jacoby '' end jiiss o'shaughnessy hed be see to - gether . well , sir , he sav that notice and '' put two and two tegother , guess though truth - sho hed five the bird to jacoby to . bring here for she oes to : '' spade : ste , and at thet juncture you decide to slip I the mickey , huh ? 's . ' guthan : : sir , so we decide to ' spare ourselves any I possible embarrassment +... Mr. Cairo and . wilmer and I go to cell on Captain jacoby , we wear lucky enough to crrive while miss o'shaughnessy be there . in many way it '' be a difficult conference but we finally ' persucde hiss o'shaughnossy to come to - term , or so we think . we then leave the '' doat and set out for my hotel where I wes to pay hiss o'shaughnessy and receive though + - bird , weir , Sir , we mere 's man should have . inqn better . en route she and Captain jacoby - and the falcon slip completely through we tfingor , . . che laugh merrily - oo then tarn to boam at brigid ) - it be neatly do , sir . indeed it be ] spade look at the @rl . hor oye , largo and dark with pload , mect luis . . .. ee _spade : , to - wi ( to gutman ) : , '' you toveh off the bout before you leat ? . : . gutwar : , eo kot intentionally , thoush I dare say we , or - wilmer aut leust , be respensiblé for one firc , '' hile though rest of we be talk , in * the cabin , vidner go nhout tha shin teense — _ — _ — wa ots oe a1 5 ( cont.11 } ae a at ene a aso . asd , sure enough , be thro hear she be com . down the to hin mase than ence , dut jacoby be tos tough either +o fall or drop the szlcon . " ne 1 the rest of the way dotm , nnoched |. over and xan off , : che break off to smile at a memory ) ' - we persuade = that ist rd , sir , we ... ah ... persuade miss to mossy to tell we where sie hod teid cantain jacoby to take the saicon. and | ab ... further es persusd she to pi:ene you office in a attempt to dra you aay before jacoby get there , but , unvertunately for we , it have tcken too . long to persuade miss o'shaughnessy ... while she the deor gow . 4 the boy om the sofa groan , roil over on he side . his eye epen and close several it 2 gutmam : ( conslude hursdedty ) ' and you have the falcon before we could reach you . ' os . the boy put one foot on the floss , raise himself on a elbow , open he eye wide , put th other foot . dow , sit up ind look around . linen he cye focus on Space , bewildexment leave then. , he chair to sit on the corner of ¢! took at Space laugh . srade get up fron not table . the bor nly . gutman . gutman smile be gut . . well , wilme , I a sorcy ed vo lose you and I want you to know that I could not be any fonder of yeu if you be ry oun Son , but , well , by gad , af you lese a Son , it 's possible to 30 % another and '' there 's oniy one maltese faicon ! the boy 's cye remain on gutnant faec . guttman : ( sigh = then to Space ) when you be young you inply do not under ' stand this thing . : . spade grin at gutman . : : spadi : ( to brigid ) tiow abot cortea ? pus the pot : : : on , will x iodo n'® like to leava ty ( nose . ae mpdanva brigid : ( quickiy ) surely . amor-ancf fs . ( st % oe just a inoment , ( hold with have not you bettor leave though envelepe in a a here ? . : ane usiversy > , 's igid 's gyos question spade . spade nod . she put G 2 4 E : a be hand insido hor coat , take out though onvolopo , sivas it to spade . Te toss it 'into gutmay't lape . '' spade ! ' sit on it if you be afraid of lose it . 's guthan : ( suavoly ) - you misunderstand I . it 4s not that wt 0 03 " at all but business sheuld be tran - t wae +) actod in a businoss - like manner . . py ( he open the envolope , . take out and count the : bill , then clmeky ) yor instance , there be cnly nine bill here now , Cone ( he spread they on he knee ) 5 el there be ten when I hend it to you , k * : * as you vory vol ] know , . ap . ( he ‘smile be broad , jovial and triuaphant ) stara — tery sn ea spade ? ( look at brigid ) . well ? ' she shake she head . hor Li face be fright bs move slightly . er oned . spado hold out he h put into it . spade seu nad return 4 '' to gutman , ‘up the three pistoloe from thre tablo , ris 1g , plok be . . span} ( mattar-of -fiuctd twant to know about this , . ° Cairo leek at spade with bosida num to C hana detec tng , eve . Tho boy hesudns sopware , plosamcee . spade : oo ( to gutan ) you palmod it . gut : : ( chucicla ) I palmod it ? so . spade : tey 's yos. . ( he jingle the pistol / in he hand ) : do you want to say so or do you want + | to stand for a frisk ? : . guthan 's '' stand for eee ? spade : you 'ro go to admit 4t or Zin go to soarch you . thoro 's no third way . gutman rock back in he chair , laugh dolightodly . . '' gutmah : a by gad , sir , 'i boliove ' you would . I really do . you be a charactor , sir «| . 4f. you do not mind my say so , . St , spade ; ee t ' ° .i you palmad it .- sas to : 0 gutnan . a on _ ' . yes , sir , that I do . . '' Ho take a crumpled bill from he . vest pocket , smcoth '' it on he thigh , thon , .opon ' the flap of the onvelepe '' put the smoothe bill in with the other . feo . gutnan : . iomust have my Little 's joko now and then , - and I be curious to -) know what yeu would do in - * q situation of that sort . I mst say — ~ that you pasgod the test with fly :. color , sir . it nover occur to I that you would hit on such a simple and direst way of get at - though truth . ~ not ( he boam at spade ) ~ . spade : : ( snooring ) '' - 's . that 's though kind of thing I would oxpoct from somobedy wilmer 's ueo . : gutman chuckle . brigid oxit into the kitchon . gut - man offor spude the white envelope . . spado look at . though pistol in he hand , then at gutman , foe into though parsar to the closot , open though clonet deor , put though tot on top of a trun , shuta though door . 's lock i . i for i 1 a i i. a ee be ) T ought to have more than tun thousand . s25 ( of course , sir , you understand this 4s though first payment . later oe . spade : ( laugh ) I know you will give I mihliona lator . sut how 's about lisftoon theusand now ? . gutean ' . frankly and candidly and on my word of honor as a gontlannn , ten thousand be all the monoy I can raise . spade : but you do not say positively , guinan : ( laugh ~ repeat ) .¢ positively } - : : spado put out he hand . the fat man isy the - dn it , then serows up he oye , move he hoad * , cate the ikitchen , envolonpo. to indin + ce '' gutran : tid liko to give you @ word of advice , spadm : go ahead . I daro say scho monoy but 1f you be mach as shoe think sho ought to have , my word of advico be «= . bo careful e+ . . ho spade : ( mocki.ngly ) - oe dangorous ? ie uinnanve é 216 , t 1 B. ad 'ss ! vore : cover scenc} i '' itts cone . ! gutman glance at he watch . ' it be six , o'clock , tit . spade . - can you start set it new ? spa guess so. i -. ne get up , stretch , gocs to niunke , eueass C ephone , dicl ms reckhing and fcke tie tf ace 2s wait coun with stor , : coffee pot , cu telephon ? , si : '' spade whistle : for the nun foct the : ard cair eee come to the doar 's ear , sugar and cre stop in the '' 10 line cf sn Cuba ' " sof tay stade '' canto phone ) eello , precious ... 3 up ... yos , very . in ous Holland box at the post you will find can envelope in my there 's a bus-station parcel room check in it for tie buadie we get _yestercdcy etii2 you the bundle and bring it the I d.dlg ?... yes , I be home ... that 's the cisi -- uustic ... dye . : dissolve to : int . live room spade's apart a strip of daylight hous be at one of the window . the electric iisht be e steit om . the clock en the side tablelsnys ten ninutss of eight . the air in the room be + i tebacco smoke , gutman be in he rocker ecigas and r¢ading from '' selebreted caz be fast asleep on the scfa . st corner of the sofa , be noc ied up in the arn ' chair , she c the chair . she 's vrot ef the table pot and dirt and saucer staid on the table . vie mash th st of he ei : tc in he saucer , serctehe , get up , go to t! open the '' suaz ows ze z ne leave adow , go to the wal ns off the electxicity . gutnan 's eye reais be book now and then as spade move around th : ny ce : | ( continued ) cg ) : novor dna '' galva 00k . spry one by . bueton role : dooce lok , leg down fre tg y , sit up . 's put dow . ane pre brigid ry pudo ) you do not mind if I go to the decor with you ? spade nod ~ gutman str spade into corrador . ga izlog out of he chair «= follow fi T , 117 . te corridor peor spado open it . over sceno the SOUND of though clsevateor . - presently the olovator door . open and effie ferino como out carry the brovnewranped parcel . her boyish face be gay and bright . 's bho cone forvard quicily . after ono quick glance , sho do not look nat guiman , smiling , sho givo spado though parcel . spade : _ thanks a lot , lady . I be sorry to , > spodl you dey ef rest but this . 's for . effie : woe ( laugh ) sp a? eo , _ | tt be net the first ono youtv : . spollod ... anything else ? - spade : : ( shaking he head ) no thanks , . : : byo- byo then . _ sho turn and foe back the though elovater . spade shut though ccor , camera trolly ahead of spade ard gutman as they carry though parcol into tha live room . 116 . int . live ro , : | dark , liis check quivory . catro and come to . the table as spado puta though parcod there . riso , palo and tense , bus he remain by though sofa sture wndor curling rashes at the other . sram the tahia ) thevo you eet ( on , * sre ubrary by 105 angel ery , ghlosamtles eumivergy , cset ore eta su '' ano ae ts om : rmengt gaa grane . ey sov 245 now - afte : soventoon yeara {- '' black bird , hold oyos that be m Ho tako out look at it gugm ( softly ) ° ahiow ' Cairo lick he lip , wort he hand together , '' Tho girl 's lover tip be betweon she sooth , erorye ‘ono , include spade , be broathing hwcvily . gute tian put the bisd down on the table , wumby to a pocket . soe . : gutman it be att but will will malco suro , . . swoat gliston on nis rowil chook , its finger twitch as ho take out 2 gold pockot - knife , open it . cniro and though girl stand closo to hun , one on cither sido , spade stand back a little where ho a weteh the boy as well we the Group at though tablo , 's gutman turn the bird upside - down , seratches a ‘edgo of its base with he knife . Black ene cone off in tiny curl oxpose grey metal benoath . - '' gakera nove . £ 03 - e 15s , " 219 , " closeup gee bird close shot group his face 's ildly at nm sudden uble , ; whoul to he teetiy i wath hot bleed , he hnel : +e its head , thront , breant , tf he lot knife and bird bang down on the & to confront spado , : guttman : . ( hoarsoly ) itf a fakof spedo 's face be somber , - hio nod be slow . his eye detach themseivos from the scar plac bird , travel to brigia 's , - , , spade : lod - ( growl into she faco ) '' +. . 7 all yaght . you have nee youn littlo t _ joke . now teil we about 's it , , lo a - brigid : a : ( orte ) no , Sam , no ! that 's though one T get from kemidov , I swear , ' jool criro thrust himself between spade and gutman , _ onlt word in e@ shrill , spluttore strain , . cairo : ( scream + to gutinan ) you bungle it ! '' you and you stupid attompt to buy it . kamicov catch '' on to how valuabio 1 + be ] : ( tear run down he free and ho dance up and down ) no wonder we have so llttle trouble steal 1t ! you im ecile ! you . bloat idiot ! ( he pute he hand to - he faco and blubvber ) gutusan 's jew gee no diink with vacant eyo , thon he colloctsh po -- again be 2 though joviol , bmile fat want : ~ {corprruress , Cairo gigglos , then erde : ' . . / low , .. 220 ( cont , ) : '' gut ( 20d - to tur yosees that ds the} , there 's to gsihbt of ab. to cuiro ) well , sir , ao do you shall will stand heve 's a no '' she rey end call cuch other haws or shay wo wee : ( omea lila a cherub} ' eer go to tstambul . 4 .. Tho groot take he hand from he face . tis eya 's bu 1606 cairo : ( stoner ) you ore 4 . ( amazexont make he ' speechless ) Tho fat man pat he fat hand together and he eye twinkle , . . guthan : ( voico a throaty purr ) for seventeen year ihave want that little item and have be oye : ing to get it , if I imst spend wf another year cn the quest = woll , . Sir «= that will bo ean additional ' oxponditure in time of only vee | ( he lip movo , silently as he calcnuinte ) '' eee five and liftcon -sevantoenths porcont , es : : . * cairo : zt g0 with you , '' spade start slightly , looky from richt to loft , Tho othor , observe spade ! &rourd . the boy be go , guirat : wilmerl ... what , . 02 S movement , also lool : spade go to though corridor , long silo ? corrrbar er dee ae ! yer ere sra ( sourly ) a awoll lot of thisvess gut wo bavo mittle enough to boast about , sir , bet though world have not come to a end because will lye run inte a little set -back , ( ho extend bis hend - palin up ) . I will have toa ask you for that on . - volope , air . spade : , ( wooden face ) se to hold up my end = you get you gingus . ut 's you hard luck , not mine , it be not what you want , gutrah : ( porsuasively ) now come , sir , we have all fail and there 's no rexson for expsct any of we to bear the whole brunt . lie bring he right hand from behind he . in it 48 . & smell pistol ornately ongrave and inlaid with . b llverv und gold and mother < of - pearl , ae , '' guthan : for in short , sir , I must ask you to : - return my ten thousand . spade 's face do not change . he shrug , take though onvelopo from he ' packet . , he start to hold it out to gutmen , hesitates , open tha envelep , take out _ ono of the bill . Ho put it into he trouser pocket . '' : thon he tuck the envelopot flap in over the ether , bill and hold the envelope out to gutman . 2 spa '' spade : : that will take care of my time and expense , am gutman , after a little pause , imitate spade 's shrug and accopt though envolopo . Tse gut now , oir , we wilh esr gooaby to you unless you enre to undertake ' the istembul expedition with we eee you do not ? 4 ... '' oll , sir , franily , Ifa like to nave you along . you be oman of micu judgment and ns recourse , now thut there be no alternative , - ionm sure that youll . somehow 1 40 the yolica without a daatag 121 ( cont , 1 ) . spale : d'll make out - al ] right , guth : : woll , sir , the shortest farewell , &re the best ... adieu , . ( he meke @ portly bow ) and to you , my o'shaughnessy , I leave the rara avis thore on tha * tablesee . ( not ro tevard . . the bird ) ees gs kr lastle memento , '' gutman and Cairo withdraw , calro preceed hin down the short hall into tha corridor deoy , sped do not look at brigid but st . ioniless , he ore gloomy under a forehead dre sl1 the sourd of the elevator como over scene . ‘hen he gos to tha telephone , , : . : uat at 8 te " foe so 122 , close shot spade " at telephone , . tako the receiver off though hook and dial a * , number , brigid watch jvim , a:elight frown on she fase , mp y se to ! spade : be 2 ( anto phone ) : . : 5 ofr ; helle .. , be sergeant polhave there ? . 's '' ° vee please ... this be saruol spode . } the {he stare into . '' i wt space , wait , be '' os then ) : 4 oan | hello , Tom ... I 'vo get something - for you ... here it be ... thursby and jacoby be shot by a kid name wilizer cook , about ty year old , five tcet sin ine tell . in grey woolen suit , grey " single - breast over a shirt with soft attach : and a light crepe sflie work for & man name . you cantt miss gut : poy three hundred pound wit , Cairo be in with thom too 1 ... right they just leave lero for the ria Hotel , bat theytre vlow - town so you would ) , he eee lt ego not thint : ) nape '' oauvear® ste sle '' ; : 427 , ( cont . ) . spade slowly repinee the receiver on the prong . ie filis chest with air and ale ... liis eye e beteeen narre.e 5 . we turn , sten towerd rrieid o'shaughnessy . rtle by the suckiennc of he approach , ath cut im a Little gaso . smad , face a brigit , look at she hard of jas and eye . spade : |- they will tal when they be nail = : about we . etre sittin on cynae - mite . '' 2 tve only cot minute to get set fer the police ... give I all @@ it fast . : : the giri , 's let she b to face wi she start to speak , hesitates , bite she lip . spade take she by the shoulcer , eries ancriiv : talk . brigid : cuncest ainiy ) ~ where ... shall ... i... begin ? . spade : : . tne day you first '' to ny of - fice ... why do you want thursby shadow ? brigid : I tell you , San , i suspect hia of betray I and I want to find out . be spade : '' that 's a lie ! you kad thursby + hook and you know 2t .° you want the get he ort of the way before jacoby cane sith - the loot , be not thar so ? : : brigid lower she eye shane - facediy . spade : what be you schene ? brigid : | ( tinidly ) : hat af he sav sone hin , he might , be fri ened int go away . - . spade : mile have not many broin but he wasntt . cluasy cnough to be spot the first .. bight . you must have tell thussby he be be follow . i prn ven be 122 ( go . 2 ) briged : rigid : T tell nay : zl tell hi ! bulicve tell hi would ia ] hima qo minuto ere spaye : ( interrupt ) if you think he would not 211 mile , you be right , angol . , brigid : ( she upraise taco hold utter . astonishuont ) do not he ? ~ ' spade : . mile have not many besin bub ho have toc many year exporicnse ug a detective to bo cought | that -< by a man ho be c ing --- np a blind ellcy x jie ) gun tuck away in he hip and . se he overcoat buttone . my oe : 's ( he take he | cot - soot hand away from te at she shouldor , es look at she for & long monent ey smile , then : ) '. but he would have go up thsre with you , angel . I be just dumb cnough for thas , hold have leok you up and down and lick he lip and go grin fren oar to ear , and then you could have stand as close to hin as you dike in though dark and nut a hele through he with the gun you have get fron thursby . that ovoning . , SE er ere ans th ttr enp tta hnp rint airy 70 ) tic ft th brigid shrink back from he until though cdga of tha tebe stop she . . : . brigid : * ( stare with terrificd oy do not -~ + don ! 's talic to I liko + that , Sam . you knaw I gian h or you know «« ~ os ete 122 ( conta ) he grasp wo front 1.59 6 spade : etop iu ! ( ae glance at the clock ) fhe polsee will be blow in any miirate now , talk brigid : ( put the baci : of she hand to hor forchead ) oh , why do you accuse I of such a torriblo yo . ? . oy ' '' spade : ( very low - inpatient ) . this be not the spot for the school - girl act , the pair of we be sit under though gallow , she wrist force she to stand up straicn go of hin . iler face become suddenly haggard , , '' spade : . '' : why do you shoo$ hin ? brigin : + , ( voice. hush and troubled ) I do not moan to . at first , if qid a't really but whon I sav thas floyd couldntt be fri ghten , I - se I can not look at you and tell '' you this , same no you think thursby sho. start to sob , cling to he ) would teclkle he and ' one or the other of they would go down , if thursby wag the one , then you weru rid of hime spade : if lt be liile , then you could sac that thursby wae catch and you would be rid of hin , that 1t ? brigid : S --.comath -- liico -' that , : spade : to and when trou find that tharaby qld not noni to tad hin , you borrow the fun ani do it your boll . richt ? fa ah taratt 1wemery . wettest nee tater . 5 — & '' ee yer 122 ( gout . ' nor free 4s v she spa you do not lmow then thet ga be hore jrinting lor voy t dicn 's suspect that om you would not have bo try to you pro toctor . but you ko be hore when you hear ' wea be shot and you know you novd another pro- tector == so you come back to ide pe brigid : yos , but -- on , swoethcert , it be not only that . I would have .. come back to you sooner or intcr . a ¥rom the very first instant I see : '' you I kneivece , he puta he arn around she hold she tight to hs spade : ( tondoriy ) . ' you angol ! well , 4f you get 2 a good bronk , youfll bo out of San : : quentin in twenty year and you sho dreva awoy from he slightly , throw she head ' far back to stare up at he , unsomprehend tg oe . spade : ( tenderty ) I hope thoy do not hang you , precious , by that swect nock . he put he hand up and caress she throat . in a instant she be out of he ama buck ogainss though - table crouching , both nand spread over hor throat . vild -ey , baggard , her mouth open and clougn , brigid : ( in a small parched voice you be not ces 7 . ( she can get no other wordy . out ) ' '' toourrruzd ) '' eun come back to I then , ° - ae bl : '' " joauveetfay '' ~~ yoarverit tr '' ane pkavaane yo laverie rrr RI '' ~* '' asa tat nte '' asain ae ina pea 122 1 ( cont .43 - spadet face be dap ard there be smile 's have uth smile tering cyc . spade : | ( rently ) : I be goin to send you over . tae chance aze youtl cet off with life . that mean you will be cut again in twenty year , you be a angel ! i'1 ] wait for you . . che clear he throat ) , if they hang you , I 'i1 always ree member you . - : brigid drop she hand , stands crsc+ . ker face tecone ts sooth and untrouble excent for the faintest of dubious glint in hes eve . she smile back et hin . . : brigid : do not , San . do not say t - even in fun . oh , you frighten me.for a moment , I reall thouskt wee you co such wild and unpre} dictabiec thing ... she break off , thrust she head forvard and stare eeep into he eye . the flesh around hers mouth shiver and fear cie back into hes cye . she put she hand to she throat agnine shade laugh = - his laugh be a croak . : . : " spade : : do not be silly . youtze takiag '' the fall , " bricid : | ' but < -- but , Sam , you can not ! not after what we have be to each other . you can not ! : ( she take a long trenblizg breath ) you have teen play ; pretend you to trap I dike this . you do not .@ < care at all . you == dontt -- F -- love I , I -~ only the nuscle hold he smily stand out like wall . : spade : | ' iothink ido . what of it ? I will not play . the san . fer you . sot : ( continued ) t : brisid : food ( taar cone ya to she eye mey you know it be not like L can not say that ! ' ' we tneeypes neer i et < ° G @ never ployee for a han at é I have knosm you . brigid blink she teze y , take a few step back - word , stand lock at suraigh : and proud . brigid : | . covn ceep in you heart you x that ia snite of anything I have do , I love you . : the at 7 m2 ine - he put he hand back on she shouider , the hand shake . and jerk . i spad : I do not care who love ho . I be . you . I will not walk in th ~ ae and I do not tnow how many other - : footstep . you kill mile and i G : . you 'ze go over for it . she take he heond from she . snoulder , hold it close to hex face . : : . brigid : .« . why must you do this to I , San ? ' surely Mr. archer be not as auch to you as -- . ' - the og : he be no longer smile . ie pull he hand away fron ' she . have wet face be set nard and eseply line . his eye burn madly . ' spadi : choarsely ) : listen .... this will not do any good . you will never understand I but I will try once aad then give it ' up . laisten .... ns tant part - : ner be kill , he 's suspose to do sone it . it coee not meke any you thongh we parte ner and yout thing wetre in the detective b well , cnoone of you or '' " get kill , it 's bad bus will , ( continued ) g of Lee ( cont .g ) ie joo hor oy beeoe : spade : ( cont . ) . let the killor pet avay to lot ew bad all around = bed for every roboguive gverywhusu . you @o not expect x that - this *& of youly aru sure ficlont reason for send I to the ea . ? spade : , Walt ti11 itm through . then you . ' can talk . third . I have no earth dy reeson to think I can trust you and if I do this and get avay with it , you would have something on I you could use whencvey you want to , next : sinco I have get something on you , I could not bo sure you would not decido to put uo hole in mo somo duy . pafth . I would not even lil the idca of think that there might be one '' - . chane in a-hund that you would play % we es '' all will have get ia that mayb you - night after I have sen you over I for a sucker , and , seventh : but that 's enough , all that be on one side . maybe some of they . be wii portant . I will not argo ebhout that . but loolt at though mumber of then . now , , on_ though other side we have get what ? love 10 , andmaybe I love you . - - brigid : . ( whispor ) you know whether you love no or not , 7 / : : " spade : . liaybe I do , . hungrily from she hair to hor foot and up to again . , '' spade : oo wat of it ? maybe next : will not . I have be thro foro . j'll have some rotter ' : bat that will poss , ( ho take ner by the shovldsr , . . dend hor bacl + lean over her} . . . ( comet ) sid em be '' asveen '' onaveen 1 gonna ne™ et vr toauvaantie pet ~ '' ine y with '' aan : mesa CRA '' a foe wear savas 1 on ' sho put hep hand up 's to '' @own toward hor again , '' she look at he , sa 's y ; sheulder oe little , she put whon - the * chilis 22 ( go , '7 '' .: , , have beon pay you money ? '' ~ do not be too sure I be as crock '' but a lot of money would havo be : , dido of tha scalas ,y . ) spa iy all I have saia a thing to you , forget . muzo 40 just this . dl wonte deeause all cf x nts too = vegardican of . consequence = and becnisa youtyvo count on that with I the sano a3 you count on that with the other he take he handa for she shovldor , lot thea fall to he side ) ms ( cont . ) nit oniean anye eg 46 and well ) eee he cheek , drava he flaco lo brigid : " '' . look at not and tell I the truth , . woula you have dene this to we if the falcon have be real an2 you - spade : a9 I be suppose to be . that kind of reputution might be gocd business bring in high priced job and ' make it easier the deal with though enemy . Notte : ying nothing . - spade move he spade : at least one more item on you - brigid : '' ( whisnera ) - " IL you love I ' you would need nothing °° '' " more on that side : 7 oy spadi : ( nis voice a hoarse cereal ) , iwo not pley the sap for you , she wh to lis slowly and 4s in he arn befera ho relcaso har he geerbell ring , 1s spapme goma ing. ao : ee nay , a '' miwon ys pesce with as fae '' arse " a I fepereanye '' % worv - sor one ae taseanmn : z not ss a ' gann '' erweso® lbs . 115 , wed . sug ? room = ange of dao licuionsnt dandy , Tom polhaus and two of onbar . 3 look back and forth from sy rx to the choke : spade : mo . : '' mollo , pomess get they ? . tee polnaus '' ( nod ) get thom , . apldel svoll.ce hora 's anothor one for you. : : ( he pish brigia . - forward ) i . sho kill eilo = and itve gor somo oxhiblis.e. , '' he go to the closet , unlock though door , step inte . though closet , spade's voice : : ( frem closet ) - see the boy 's gun and one of - Cairo 's -= and ea thousand dollar : ball I be suppose to be bribe ! 7 withe . : , he come out of the closet ; give though gun to polhaus , of " spade : '' and that black statuette on the table there that all the fuss be avout .. 6 he turn to dundy , draw he brow togothor , lean '' foward to pour into the lioutonent 's feco , staris to ' lnugh . a . spade : : . what 's though matter with you littlo '' playmate , fom ? he look heart - break , I bet when ho hoard gutman 's story ho think he hed mo at lose , : : polnaus : ( grumblos ) cut it out , Sam , .. to '' ( ho look une note *. easily at he oupurior ) ( conetiued ) dotoctive | eee ee oh rt - 123 ( conte ) - . et . - polhaus : ( cont , ) . " anyway , we get it fron Cairo , pel . gutman 's dead . Tho itd have just finish shoot he whon we get thove . : , : nan , . spade : a . ( nod ) . . , ought to havo expuctoa thate _— ( pick up he het , put it toot on ) ~ my to shall we be got down to the '' Hell ? ~ polhaus nod , he pick up the falcon , spade lead .: the way out of the apartnent . dundy take out hand= .. 9 : cuff , snap they on the girl 's wrist , they follow + 7 spade out . brigid 's face and movement . be like a sleepwalker 's , a . '' int . spade's outer office v. norning '' effie be not behind she desk , Tho door open ana > spade enter , hie face be dull , pasty in color but '' 8 .open and spade ges in caiera following , _ int , inmer office " effie . atend by though window . | the girl 's brown oye : be peculiarly enlarge ond there 's a queer twist to she . mouth , she watchos he put he hat on the - . geak , : not i  : wry : 7 SF ' gpapp , . a : . Morning , angel , jos spade point to it , grin , : .e 's spade : St ( mockingly ) : eh , so much for you vonen 's intuition , ° ae ( in a queer , . tight : : . voiee ) rr _ - . , m%0 u do that , San , .to hor ? > adatsd . its line be strong , . the door to the inner office '' eaveen '' there 's a copy of though '' dorn expross " on though dosk , — . oe tddhysov bs 3 TB be re ee Sommer firawan se brn ... weg eee : aman es ie sanaa will y a nm crane '' en no egg ven : j pe 147 , l2l ( go . } i lo looh erply et hor , then go over to she , pute fw nis ae exvound jor ye t , he hand on hor hip , on . _ . stade : : ' she do hill tile angi gee ( snap though of he to eee ol~hand , la p hend ) that , ~ the giv oscapos from he arm , ae eypiez ; ( brokenly ) . do not , please .. do not touch I . , ' sho go to the goor , halt with hor hang on though knob , . eppie : not you be right .. I know you have right .. ae dut anyway coee . spade 's fuce become luipy . dull before , it be leaden '' nov , ov . scene the SOUND of the corridor door knob rattling . effie rerine go quick into though outer office , shutting though door , spade remain stand by ' though window leadon - faoce , stare '' at nothing . after & monont , the door open and effic come in again , ' shut 's ustang at bshind hor , ' for plo , eppte : eu ( in a smell fie 4 7 '' voiew ) . . iva be here , . : spado , look at nothing , nod almoot imperceptibly . run ges os os spade : | . eo tts tant xgsece -' che shiver - then : } - well .» send she in , 1 ' , be tobie fax 4 5 's 2 S '' '' ro nwouen ee '' yrsantun aw low sov % '' oun | van oe we craw a ae '' emma eee anveaieisy be trea . arene nae ps nue ete