twilight : New Moon script at imsdb . var _gaq = _gaq || [ ] ; _gaq.push ( [ ' _setaccount ' , ' ua-3785444 - 3 ' ] ) ; _gaq.push ( [ ' _track pageview ' ] ) ; ( function ( ) { var ga = document.createelement ( 'script ' ) ; ga.type = ' text / javascript ' ; ga.async = true ; ga.src = ( 'http : ' == document.location.protocol ? ' http ://ssl ' : ' http ://www ') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js ' ; var 's = document.getelementsbytagname ( 'script ' ) [ 0 ] ; s.parentnode.insert before ( ga , 's ) ; } ) ( ) ; the Internet Movie script database ( imsd b ) the web 's large movie script resource ! < !-- e9 = new object ( ) ; e9.size = " 728x90 " ; //--> search imsdb alphabetical # a B C D E F G h I J k L m N o p q R S T U V W X y Z genre action adventure animation Comedy crime Drama family fantasy Film - noir horror musical mystery romance sci- fi short thriller War western sponsor < !-- e9 = new object ( ) ; e9.size = " 300x 250 " ; //--> tv transcript futurama Seinfeld South Park stargate sg -1 lose the 4400 International french script Movie Software rip from dvd rip blu-ray latest comment Star Wars : revenge of the sith10 /10 Star Wars : the Force awakens10/10 batman begins9/10 collateral10/10 Jackie brown8/10 Movie Chat message yell ! all script twilight : new moon written by Melissa rosenberg adapted from the novel by stephenie meyer Dec. 21 , 2008 credit over : a full moon fill the frame -- luminous , tinged with gold . slowly , a penumbral shadow begin to spread across the moon 's surface , darken it from leave to right ... bella ( v.o. ) " this violent delight have violent end ... " ... until the moon be envelop in shadow ; a new moon ... which disappear into the darkness . over black - a ruffled tulip appear , isolate against the blackness . bella ( v.o. ) " ... and in they triumph die , like fire and powder ... " hold on the tulip as the background fade up around it to reveal we be now in -- ext . forest - ecu on the tulip - day it 's surround by the dark , lush , greenery of the forest floor . bella ( v.o. ) " ... which , as they kiss , consume ... " suddenly a foot slam down next to the tulip , nearly crush it . as the foot immediately lift off again , it graze the tulip , knock its petal off -- on the running pair of feet they abruptly change direction . Race on . include bella swan , desperately search the wood -- short , surreal cut of she frenetic quest -- bella Edward ! ahead , through the darkness of the thick forest , she sees sunlight ; a clear . she hurtle toward it -- ext . meadow - day bella Edward ! 2 . -- as Bella burst into the sunlight . it 's the meadow where Edward reveal he skin in the sun . but he 's not here now . instead , Bella sees -- across the meadow -- a old woman , white hair frame she withere face . Bella 's eye widen with surprise as she recognize -- bella ... gran ? gran look as surprised as Bella . Bella smile and wave , as do gran . Bella start toward she but -- edward ( o.s. ) Bella ... she spin to the voice behind she to see -- edward emerge from the forest , he alabaster skin in sharp contrast to the shadow . she beam at he , relieved , in love ... until he move to edge of the shade , inch from sun 's ray -- bella stop - she will see ! but Edward just smile and step into the sunlight . sunbeam shatter off he skin like a thousand rainbow shard , as if he be make of diamond . a awesome sight . jump CUT to : Edward now inch from Bella , still glisten , entrance she . she wrap a arm around he waist , then arrange she face into a calm expression . they turn to -- gran , whose expression be calm , too . gran 's arm be extend , as if she also hold someone . jump CUT to : Bella and Edward , only foot from gran now . Bella 's about to present Edward , but then sees that -- gran mimic Bella 's movement exactly . with grow horror , Bella reach out to gran ... and touch glass ! pull back to find gran be now surround by a gild frame . it 's a mirror , mount on a wall with wallpaper reflect a surreal dreamlike version of the forest behind Bella . bella oh my God . -- as she realize that 's not gran ; it 's Bella , sixty - five year older . 3. Bella spin to she perfect , eternally 17 - year - old Edward . he take she now wrinkle , age -spotted hand . kiss it . then he lean in very close to she 83 - year -old face and whisper into she ear -- edward happy birthday . smash to : int . bella' bedroom - morning on bella - she eye snap open . she lie atop she bed . a book , " romeo and juliet , " lay open on she chest . Bella sit up , the dream still weigh on she ... include her room , cluttere with picture of Edward , of the cullen ; memorabilia of all thing Edward . a knock on the door . chief charlie swan enter carry two gift , one wrap , one not . charlie happy birthday , bell . bella dad , we agree , no gift . charlie at least mine 's not wrap . he hand it to she . it 's a digital camera . Bella 's pleased , despite herself . bella okay , this be actually kind of great . thanks , dad . charlie ( be : wrap gift ) go with this one from you mom . we coordinate - well , she coordinate I . Bella open the wrap gift to reveal a scrapbook . charlie to put you picture in , record you senior year -- man , senior year . how would you get so old so fast ? bella not that old . 4. charlie I do not know . be that a wrinkle ? Bella race to the mirror , search she face . charlie I be kid . bella so not funny , dad . ext . fork highway - day a aerial view of this lush , green , overcast landscape ; the rainy world that be fork . find Bella 's old truck as it lumber down the two - lane highway ... bella ( v.o. ) it be just a dream ... but also my worst nightmare . ext . fork high school - parking lot - day Bella climb out of she truck , shoulder she book bag . she look around the parking lot , seek Edward -- mike ( o.s. ) wherefore art thou , Bella ? she turn as mike , eric , angela and jessica approach . mike you finish the Shakespeare assignment ? jessica he mean will you finish he assignment ? mike no , I do not -- okay I do . bella I can help you with it -- but first -- ( pull out she camera ) I need a picture . my mom 's expect a scrapbook full of memory . angela ( hold up she own camera ) I take `em , I do not pose for `em . bella you do today . 5 . she push Angela to the other ; they arrange themselves -- jessica you will photoshop my nose if it look big , right ? eric do not worry , I be in the picture ; no one will be look at you guy . jessica scoff , Angela point she camera at Bella ; Mike and Eric joust -- Bella aim -- full frame - the camera' digital screen it freeze on they , fun , delightfully carefree ... but when the camera lower , they playfulness have dissipate as they see someone behind Bella . she turn to see -- edward climb out of he silver volvo . mike ( dry ) oh good . Cullen 's here . jessica ( drier ) yay . the friend , uncomfortable , move off -- eric check ya later . -- but Bella do not register they tone . she 's transfix by Edward who approach , eye never leave hers . he reach she , wash away all she concern -- edward happy birthday . -- except that one . her face fall . bella do not remind I . edward you birth be definitely a day to celebrate . bella not for I . 6 . edward eighteen be a little early to be worry about you age . bella it 's one year older than you . edward Bella , I be ninety . bella true . maybe I should be creepe out that I be dating such a old guy . edward ( smile , amused ) yes , it 's the age that 's creepy , not the fact that you be dating a vampire . then he kiss she , tenderly , adoringly . she kiss he back ... despite they restraint , the passion mount ... until he pull away . as always , both be leave want more . Edward nod toward the school building -- edward class . bella right . class . catch they breath , they start toward school ... but Edward stop , hearing something in he mind . irritate . edward someone want you . jacob ( o.s. ) Bella ! jacob black , 16 , jog up , carry a use car part , long , black ponytail wag . he look 18 due to he tall , muscular body , but the gregarious Jacob be a little klutzy , still catch up to he growth spurt . he nod to Edward , who move off to the side but eye they . bella God , Jacob , what be they feed you on that rez , steroid ? you be huge . jacob would not seem so drastic if you come around more . 7. bella I will , soon . but be not you school , like , ten mile that way ? jacob ( be : car part ) just here buy this for the rabbit . I be almost do with the rebuild . gotta come take a ride when it 's do . ( as if remember ) oh , and hey , happy birthday . you dad tell my dad . so ... he pull from he coat a small woven dreamcatcher , feather dangle from it . he hand it to she . jacob I see it the other day and think of you - it catch bad dream . bella this , I need . it 's great . edward the bell 's about to ring . the bell ring . Jacob give Edward a amiable smile , with just a hint of snark . jacob ooh , look at you , all psychic . edward I do not have that particular gift . but I can read a watch . I be clever that way . they share a tight smile . Bella intercede , squeezing Jacob 's arm . bella bye , Jake , and thank you . Edward guide she away . as they walk off -- edward how come Jacob Black get to give you a gift and I do not ? bella he 's just a friend . 8. edward " Friends " do not spend two week look for the perfect dreamcatcher . bella stop read he mind if he bother you so much . edward Little hard to tune out . she just laugh , but Edward look back at Jacob with resentment . Jacob hold he gaze . int . fork high school - corridor - day Edward and Bella enter the double door -- suddenly a small , wrap gift appear in Bella 's face . alice present it . alice happy -- bella shh ! -- Alice whisper in she ear as she hug Bella -- alice -- birthday . over Alice 's shoulder , Bella see jasper , keep he distance . he offer she a pleasant nod . she try to hide Alice 's present , hope no one notice -- bella Alice , do not I say no gift ? alice you do . I do not . I have already see you open it and guess what ? you love it . bella you have a vision about my birthday . alice and about the green dress you will be wear to you party tonight . great color on you . bella ... my party ? 9 . alice please ? it will be fun . bella ( beat , confuse ) I ... guess I can deal -- alice ( hurriedly ) -- great ! see ya at seven ! Alice hug she again and race off before she can change she mind . which be when Bella realize -- bella wait , jasper , no fair with the mood control . he offer a apologetic bow before Alice drag he away . edward vampire . you can not trust they . CUT to : close on a t.v. monitor - Zeffirelli 's ` 68 " Romeo and juliet " play . the suicide scene . romeo arm , take you last embrace , and lip , o you , the door of breath , seal with a righteous kiss ... pull back to include -- int . fork high school - english CLASS - day the room be dark as we pan over the class , some student entertained , some move , Mike try not to fall asleep . the teacher , mr . berty , mouth every word -- romeo here 's to my love ! ( drink ) o true apothecary ! thy drug be quick . find Edward and Bella in the back of the room , desk push together , whisper - talk . bella I hate be ... celebrate . 10 . edward come on , the last real birthday any of we have be emmett 's - I think Bing crosby be on top of the chart . ( then ) you will be help we feel normal for a night . Bella sit back , know she 's trap . he kiss she hand . edward there be worse tragedy than a birthday . look at Romeo . he 's responsible for he wife 's death . who could live with that ? ( look at the screen ) ... though I do envy he one thing . bella ( blanch slightly ) juliet 's alright ... if you like that obviously beautiful sort of thing . edward not the girl - the suicide . ( off she look ) nearly impossible for my kind . but human , a little poison , dagger to the heart . there be so many option . bella ( appal ) why would you even think about that ? he turn she wrist over , run he hand over the horseshoe shape scar on she forearm . edward ( shrug ) I consider it . once . when James have you trap . flashpop to " twilight " - in the ballet studio , jame grab Bella 's arm and bite -- back on edward - pain . edward I do not know if I would find you in time . if I would get you kill -- bella it would not have be you fault -- 11 . edward either way , I have a plan . bella what plan ? edward there be ... way for we . at least one way . I would have go to Italy , provoke the volturi ... bella the who ? mr. berty be there something you would like to share with the class , Edward ? edward ( politely ) certainly not . but I apologize for be a distraction . perhaps you should rewind to act five , scene one , line twenty - eight eighty - nine -- ( recite ) " if you have the strength of twenty man it would dispatch you straight . " Mr. berty just look at he , then move off , intimidate -- mr. berty eye on the screen , people . Bella be too concerned to be amused . ext . cullen house - night light glow from inside the beautiful house . edward ( o.s. ) the volturi be a very old , very powerful family ... int . cullen house - carlisle's room - night on a 18th century oil painting , depict grecian figure in swirl robe writhe among pillar and balcony . in a high balcony , four calm figure look down upon the bacchanal ; two black haire , one snowy white , one golden haire ... edward ( o.s. ) the close thing my world have to royalty ... 12 . include -- Edward and Bella ( now wear a green dress ) . she study the painting - the large on a wall crowded with picture . the other wall be tower bookshelve . edward francesco solimena paint this ; he often depict the volturi as god . Bella examine the golden haire " God . " bella be that ... carlisle ? edward yes . he live with they for a few decade . he describe they as very refine - for killer . push in on the painting , the foursome they feature begin to fill in , become real - they come to life in the painting , turn to leave the balcony through a archway . we follow they into -- int . a circular white marble hall - day it 's century old , its marble crack and weathered . the open oculus in the dome ceiling be the only source of light . the room be empty but for three large wooden chair and half a dozen vampire in elegant 18th century attire . edward ( v.o. ) the volturi be also what you might call enforcer . bella ( v.o . ) of what ? edward ( v.o. ) the only rule they have : to keep secret the existence of we kind . two of the volturi , marcus and caius , take they seat , carlisle stand beside they . aro move to the center of the room where we reveal -- a rogue vampire be on he knee . he look feral compare to the other , and terrify . aro put he hand on either side of the rogue 's face . compassion ? 13 . edward ( v.o. ) we do not make spectacle of ourselves , or kill conspicuously , unless we want to die . aro then slowly , dispassionately , rip the rogue' head off . two volturi Guards ( felix and demetri ) appear on either side , hold he down as aro easily detach the head and toss it aside . aro calmly sit as the other tear the rogue limb from limb . carlisle have to look away ... int . cullen house - carlisle's room - night -- as Bella spin on Edward -- bella do not even -- talk about that . you can not let anyone hurt you . the volturi or anyone else . edward ( see she 's worried ) who else would hurt I ? bella you say there be more dangerous thing out there than you . and I know you have at least one enemy -- off bella' face - flashpop : -- on all three evil vampire , James , victoria , the dread - lock laurent ( from " twilight " ) -- close on victoria - fire -re hair , burgundy red eye , feral , vicious grin ( from " twilight " ) bella ( o.s. ) you say she would come after you for kill she mate . back on bella and edward edward Victoria ? yes , some day . but Alice will see she come . and she will not win . Bella look up at he , pain . bella I hate that I can not protect you . he laugh , amused . she 's decidedly not . 14 . bella that be I be serious . edward ( kissing she face ) I know . but you do protect I ... ( kiss she nose ) from boredom ... ( kiss she lip ) and loneliness ... ( in between kiss ) you give I a reason to stay ... un - dead . but it 's ... my job ; to protect you ... -- but he stop , smile , hearing something in he mind -- edward ... from everyone but my sister . -- as the door burst open and Alice dance in . alice it 's time it 's time it 's time ! int . cullen house - second floor landing - night Alice tug Bella and Edward to the top of the landing , then skip down the stair . they look down into -- the live room - hundred of pink candle and rise - fill crystal bowl . rosalie , esme , emmett , carlisle , jasper and Alice look up at she , all of they stunningly beautiful . Bella would love to disappear , but Edward lead she down to -- the live room -- where esme and carlisle hug Bella warmly . carlisle sorry about all this . we try to rein Alice in . esme like that 's even possible . happy birthday , Bella . flash ! Alice have snap a picture of Bella with they . alice ( be : camera ) found it in you bag . mind ? emmett move to Edward 's side . nudge he . 15 . emmett date a older woman . hot . Bella catch that . Edward elbow he sharply to shut up . emmett what ? rosalie step up . shove a silver package at Bella . rosalie it 's a necklace . Alice pick it out . she walk away , bored . Bella have to smile . she see jasper across the room . they wave to each other . alice ( aim the camera ) show I the love ! Edward pull Bella into a embrace , they look deeply into one another 's eye . flash ! alice for you scrapbook . now open you present ! Alice drag Bella over to a table pile with elaborately wrap gift , a huge cake and a tall stack of china plate . bella Alice , I be the only one who even eat cake . that thing could feed fifty . alice hope you be hungry . here , this one 's from emmett . the other crowd around ... jasper somewhat away . Bella , no fan of be the center of attention , open the gift to find a empty car-radio box . bella um ... thanks ? emmett already install it in you truck . edward finally , a decent sound system in that piece of -- 16 . bella no hat on the truck . thank you , emmett . alice open mine . Alice hand she a box . Bella start to open it , but -- bella ouch - paper cut . close on bella' finger - a single drop of deep red blood appear . Bella think little of it , but then hear a disturbing , grisly snarl -- she look up just as -- bella' Pov - jasper lunge toward she ! teeth bare , eye beyond reason -- -- Edward fling Bella behind he own body , cause she to crash into the table , plate shatter as -- -- jasper slam into Edward ; sound like boulder collide . -- Edward push he , hard ; jasper sail backward , hit the wall . but he ricochet off it and come back at Bella . -- emmett and carlisle tackle jasper from the side , drag he to the ground -- Alice help hold he down -- alice ( soothingly ) jaz ... shhh -- ... but she stop , she head suddenly jerk toward Bella . then everybody 's eye snap toward Bella as they catch the overwhelming scent -- on bella - lie amid the shard of break china . she look at she arm , see now - it 's be slashed by plate shard ; bright red blood pulse out of she , pool . she look up -- bella' Pov - the cullens ( slow motion ) all of they now , include Edward ( but not carlisle ) stare down at she , at she blood , with fevere eye . six suddenly ravenous vampire ... slow motion abruptly end as -- carlisle jump to Bella 's side . Edward , though white as a bone , snap out of it and stand between she and the other . 17 . carlisle emmett , get jasper out of here . ( no response ) emmett . emmett rein himself in , elbow rosalie . they drag the snarling jasper out . esme hold she nose , politely exit with the other . Alice look at Bella , apologetic -- alice I be sorry , I ... can not ... she slip out the door . Edward 's still on guard as carlisle examine Bella 's arm . carlisle I will have to stitch this up . edward I will carry she to the kitchen . he move to pick she up , but he eye dart to the blood . carlisle I will take care of she , Edward . ( Edward do not move ) check on jasper . go. Edward look from he to Bella . then step back , allow carlisle to lift Bella and carry she to the kitchen . but just before the kitchen door close , Bella see Edward 's agonize face . he turn away , unable to meet she eye ... int . cullen house - kitchen - night Bella sit in a chair opposite carlisle who mop up she blood as he remove glass shard from she arm . he drop one into a bowl ; plink . she try not to look at the blood . bella I sure can kill a party . carlisle it 's not you fault . jasper have not be away from human blood as long as the rest of we . bella seem like you be the only one it do not effect . carlisle Centuries of practice . 18. bella do you ever think of ... live differently ? carlisle I enjoy my work too much . helping people , save life . I be hope there 's a point to my existence , even if I be damned . bella damned ? you be not damned . carlisle then you and I agree . but Edward do not believe there 's a afterlife for we kind . ( look at she ) he think we have lose we soul . bella ( realize ) that 's why he will not ... he think he would be damn I . carlisle ( cont 'd ) if you believe as he do , would you risk it ? off Bella , no , not ever ... int . bella' truck - night a large red bow hang from the new stereo in the dashboard . Edward drive in silence . Bella study he . finally -- bella say something . edward what do you want I to say ? bella that I be a klutz . that I should have be more careful -- edward you get a paper cut . normal people get paper cut . and a normal boyfriend would not have flung you into a stack of plate . a normal boyfriend would not have have to fight the urge to kill you -- 19 . bella stop . I do not want normal , I want you . Edward do not respond , just pull the truck into -- ext . bella' house / int . bella' truck ( continuous ) - night the truck stop . beat . bella you can not protect I from everything - something 's go to separate we -- accident , illness , old age ... as long as I be human ... edward ( appal ) that 's you solution ? my end you life ? bella you give I forever . he face forward again , jaw tight , mind work , torment . she reach for he hand -- bella carlisle tell I how you feel , about my soul , but I do not believe that -- -- he subtly move he hand away from hers . edward you should go in . it 's late . he climb out - instantly he 's open the passenger side door for she . she climb out . he look down at she face - he soften as he take it in . put a hand on she cheek . bella I will leave my window open for you . edward ( quietly ) I will not be come back . not tonight . bella then ... can I ask for one thing ? it 's still my birthday . ( off he nod ) kiss I ? 20 . he lift she face to he , and kiss she . he begin carefully , gently ... but it change , he become urgent , with a almost painful edge , as if it be goodbye . abruptly , he pull away . with a last look , he turn walk off into the night . off Bella ... int . bella' bedroom - night on a photo - as a printer spit it out . it 's the pic Alice take of Bella and Edward 's embrace . Bella , troubled , put it in she scrapbook , she bandage finger run over it . int . high school - english CLASS - day " Romeo and juliet " lesson be on the board . everyone 's scribbling essay . Bella glance at Edward 's desk ; empty -- flashpop to -- ( previous scene in truck ) ecu on edward eye , hard , turn away from she ... int . high school - cafeteria - day Bella sit with jessica , Angela , Eric and Mike . they joke , throw thing . Bella 's distract , look - out for Edward . flashpop to -- ( scene in the truck ) ecu on edward hand move away from hers ... back on bella' worried face , off which we go to -- int . bella' bedroom - day pan the photo on the wall . include edward who study they , he expression grim . he look down at Bella 's scrapbook to see the photo of he and Bella . he pull it out , take a closer look ... ext . bella' house - day on bella through the windshield of she truck as she pull into the driveway . she climb out , head toward the house but stop , relief wash over she -- bella Edward . you be here . he stand by the house . Bella hurry toward he , but slow when she see he cold , distant face ; a unreadable mask . edward walk with I ? 21 . Edward gently take she hand . dread fill she , but she let he guide she toward the wood ... ext . wood - day Edward stop by a fall tree . turn to Bella . edward we need to leave fork . bella what ? why ? edward it 's time . carlisle 's suppose to be ten year older than he look ; people will start notice . bella but ... when ? edward now . Bella reel , try to take this in . finally -- bella I will have to think of something to tell Charlie , but I can be ready -- edward not you . us. bella ( stunne ) what ? -- no -- Edward , what happen with jasper - that be nothing . edward nothing compare to what could happen . you do not belong in my world . bella -- I belong with you -- edward -- you do not -- bella -- I be come -- edward I do not want you to come ! 22. Bella be stung , as if slap . bella you do not ... want I . edward no . she step back . try to understand this . edward I would like to ask one favor though . bella ( look up , hopeful ) anything . edward do not do anything stupid or reckless -- do you understand ? ( add ) ... for Charlie 's sake . just ... take care of yourself . bella I ... yes ... I will . he soften ever- so-slightly . edward do not worry . you be human . time heal all wound for you kind . particularly if you be not remind . desperation well up in she , overwhelming dignity . bella no , this be - do not do this . please . he see she will not let go easily . take a breath . his face turn cold again . edward try to understand . every second with you be about restraint . you be too fragile . I be tired of pretend to be something I be not . reining myself in so I can be with a human . bella then take my soul . I do not care ! I do not want it without you -- 23. edward ( sharply ) -- you be not good for I , Bella . Bella look at he . his hard face . his resolve . edward I have let it go on too long . I be sorry . tear sting Bella 's eye . this can not be happen . he step forward ... kiss she forehead . she close she eye . edward I promise , it will be like I never exist . Goodbye , Bella . and here , for the first time , we see how truly agonizing this really be for Edward . but Bella do not see . by the time she open she eye - he 's go . she spin -- bella -- wait -- she sees a leaf flittering to the ground where he graze a branch ; the only indication of he direction . she hurry down the path , then run -- bella Edward ?! -- and she keep run , go deeper into the wood ... a series of quick , surreal shot - time lapsing Bella run through the wood , search , reminiscent of she open dream . it get darker and darker , until we be deep into night -- hear Bella 's sharp desperate breaths -- bella trip . Falls to the damp forest floor . she look up , the tree spin around she ... stay on bella - night - as hour pass she remain on the ground . curl into a ball . darkness shroud she . devastation paralyze she . ecu on her face - numb . hear the faint sound of she name be call in the distance . a search party . she 's too wreck to respond . rain begin to pour ; she do not register it .... 24 . series of scene end on -- bella , lie there , daze . she begin to hear a animal snuffling . it get closer . it sound large . scary . then she hear a whisper -- edward ( o.s. ) move , Bella . she lift she head , look for Edward ... but sees something else instead -- bella' Pov - a dark shape , huge , black . near . its eye reflect light for a split second ; they be inhuman , savage . Bella , terrify , manage to drag herself to a cluster of tree . she squeeze between they . breathe hard . she close she eye , try to disappear ... int . wood - later night Bella 's eye open to find herself floating several foot above the ground . tree pass by . she 's be carry ... ext . bella' house - night half the town be gather - a tired rescue party that include Mike Newton and Jacob Black . Charlie , beside himself with worry , pore over a map with billy black ( in wheelchair ) and quileute harry clearwater , 46 , ( dark braid , stout , protrude belly , kind face ) . charlie I will call the cullen again . her note say she and Edward go for a walk . billy they leave town , Charlie . harry clearwater Hospital say Doc Cullen get a big job somewhere else . Harry put a reassure hand on Charlie 's shoulder . harry clearwater we will find she , Charlie . Charlie be glad for the comfort of he two friend . jacob Charlie ! Charlie spin to where Jacob point -- 25 . there Pov - the edge of the wood SAM uley , 20 , emerge , a tall , strong quileute indian with cropped hair and a fierce expression . he 's carry Bella . billy it 's Sam uley . he find she . Charlie bolt to she ; he 's never move faster in he life . he wrap he arm around Bella , lift she from Sam 's arm . charlie thank you , Sam . thank God . Charlie carry Bella to the house , cradling she . Harry and billy give Sam a nod of praise and gratitude . but Sam back away , avoid any accolade . on jacob - jogging alongside Charlie , peer at Bella with worry . then Jacob slow , feel eye on he back ... he turn to see Sam uley stare at he . Jacob , uncomfortable , quickly look away . on charlie carrying bella up the stair to the house -- charlie what be you think , baby ? why be you out there ? bella he 's ... go . off she as Charlie carry she inside -- int . bella' bedroom - night overhead shot of the bed - Charlie lay Bella down and wrap she in blanket ... a series of dissolves on bella she 's curl in a fetal position in the middle of the bed . then at its foot . under the blanket . on top of they . in various different arrangement . meanwhile ... a black liquid begin to flood the floor , slowly swallow everything in the room . it rise up the side of the bed , higher and higher until it breach the top of the bed and begin to engulf Bella . off she , submerge in blackness ... 26 . ext . bella' house - day - a month later the leave have turn red and orange . see a figure in the upstairs window -- int . bella' bedroom - day Bella sit in a rock chair by the window . her face blank . empty . stay on bella , unchange - but through the window outside , we see time lapsing behind she -- october -- costume kid appear in the yard , trick - or - treat . dissolve into ... november -- neighbor ( bob mark and he wife ) bring Charlie a turkey ... they glance up at Bella 's window with concern ... winter begins -- the tree ' branch be now bare ... december -- Charlie drag a Christmas tree toward the house ... worry have take its toll on he . but Bella remain unchange ... bella ( v.o. ) dear Mom ... I be ... ( beat ) ... lose ... pan the now blank wall of the exceedingly neat room ; go be all trace of Edward ... bella ( v.o. ) Edward take everything with he . include my life . he promise it would be like he never exist ... ... land on the scrapbook which lie open ; the photo of Bella and Edward 's embrace at the birthday party - go . int . bella' bedroom - another day bella at her computer , type a e-mail to Renee . bella ( v.o. ) ... but I need to know he do . a series of tableaus , dissolving into one another : -- int . bella' house - live room - day Bella sit on the couch , blank , as the rain pound . Charlie watch she , concerned . 27 . bella ( v.o. ) it 's like a huge hole have be punch through my chest ... -- int . bella' bedroom - night in the darkness , Bella be curl up in a ball on she floor . bella ( v.o. ) but the pain be my only reminder that he be real ... that they all be ... -- int . fork high school - cafeteria - day lunch . Bella sit alone , stare straight ahead . see jessica , Eric , Angela and Mike , watch she with concern . talk about she . she do not notice . bella ( v.o. ) I miss they . especially Alice ... ext . tanya's alaskan home - day a one -story contemporary home , surround by snowy , barren land and wood . through a large picture window we see Alice and carlisle , argue inside -- bella ( v.o. ) but I be sure it 's better for they , not have I around ... int . tanya's alaskan home ( continous ) - day Alice face off with carlisle as the other watch on . esme desolate ; emmett blank . he sit next to rosalie who seem almost irritate . jasper isolate himself in a corner . carlisle no . we promise Edward . alice but she will not do well without we . I get flash of she , but they be unclear -- rosalie forget she , let 's drag Edward home . esme he will come back when he 's ready . after Bella move on . 28 . carlisle yes . when she 's live she life , safe from danger -- jasper ( with self - contempt ) you mean safe from we . Alice wrap a arm around jasper , soothingly . rosalie ( pointedly to Alice ) and when will that be ? emmett can you see he , Alice ? they all turn to Alice ... a beat . she close she eye , try to get a lock on Edward -- push in on alice as -- alice the only decision he 's make ... smash to : ext . south america - ande ( alice' vision ) - day ( visual be jumpy , unclear ) start high on a mountaintop in the middle of nowhere . swoop down to its peak on which we find edward . stand still , face agonize . alice ( o.s. ) ... be to be alone ... -- and suddenly , he start run , like he 's try to outrun he memory , faster and faster -- he race toward a cliff ; a ravine hundred of foot below -- Edward do not slow , just blast forward faster ; then he leap off the cliff , floating , but the pain stay with he -- on edward feet landing hard on the other side of the ravine - as they hit ground we -- smash back to : close on bella' finger -- as they hit computer key -- bella ( v.o. ) time pass . every tick that go by ... aches ... 29 . int . bella' bedroom - night include bella' computer screen , as she type ... bella ( v.o. ) like the pulse of blood behind a bruise ... Bella stop . a beat as she stare at she own word . then she hit " select all " and " delete " -- on the computer - a blank document . she type : " hi Mom , thing be great , grade be up . hanging with friend . stop worry . I be fine . " Bella press " send " , and the cheery e-mail disappear . Bella rise , return to she rock chair , stare out desolately . push past her outside ... a unknown Pov from the wood - on bella in the window -- someone 's watch she , pace menacingly , hungrily ... dissolve to : ext . bella' house - day Bella exit to find Charlie out by the street , stuff trash into the bin . he talk with neighbor , Bob Marks , who also attend to he trash : two old , beat up motorcycle . charlie it 's about time you get rid of that , Bob . see one too many biker smear on the highway . bob save the lecture , Chief . soon as the garbage truck haul `em off , you and my wife can rest easy . ( start off , but stop ) oh , hey , what 's the word on that bear problem ? folk be say they be huge . charlie ( distract ) that 's just ... talk ... -- as Charlie watch Bella walk to she truck , head down . Bob see she , too -- bob how you doin ' there , Bella ? 30 . Bella , in she own world , do not respond . Bob give Charlie a understanding shrug and head off . on bella as she open she truck door . suddenly , it get slam shut again by Charlie . charlie that 's it . bella that 's what ? charlie you be go to jacksonville to live with you mother . bella what ? why ? charlie I just - do not know what to do any more . you do not act like someone leave you ; more like someone die . she look away . that 's how it feel to she . bella I be not leave fork . charlie bell , the bastard 's not come back . she nod . know this all too well . charlie it 's not normal , this behavior . and frankly , it 's scare the hell outta I , and you mother . ( gentler ) go to jacksonville , baby . make some new friend . bella I like my old friend . charlie you never even see they anymore . bella I do , too . in fact , I be ... um ... jessica and I be go to Port Angeles tomorrow . Shopping . 31 . charlie ( suspicious ) you hate shopping . bella that 's how good a friend I be . charlie ( somewhat appease ) alright . Shopping . bella ( pre - lap ) hi jessica , it 's Bella ... int . bella' truck - day Bella drive , talk on she cell ( hand - free , of course ) . bella ... yes , Bella swan . hey , any chance you feel like shopping tomorrow ? ext . port angele - movie theater - night Bella and jessica exit the theater . a marquee behind they bear the title of a zombie film . bella I do not get why be there so many zombie movie . jessica it 's , like , a metaphor ? for crass consumerism or something . Bella glance at she . jessica not that you would know anything about consume . you do not buy anything today . bella I buy something . jessica sock do not count . ` course , I be surprised you even call . bella I have be kind of ... out of it . 32 . jessica kind of ? I mean , at first I be worried . then I be like , okay , she 's still bum ? it 's not like I be not go through thing , too . like Mike decide he want to " just be friend ? " that be really hard and -- man' voice ( o.s. ) how `bout a ride , girl ? as Bella look across the STREET , time suddenly slow -- bella' Pov - a dive bar , " one eyed pete be " ( slow motion ) -- four rough -looking guy loiter out front next to they motorcycle . they be in shadow , we can not see they face . off bella we smash to -- flashpop : Bella surround by four guy ( " twilight " ) ; Edward 's volvo skid to a stop ; Edward stare they down -- back on bella , a chill go down she spine , freezing she as she stare at the foursome across the street ... then suddenly -- a pair of lip lean next to she ear -- edward ( o.s. ) move , Bella . she turn to find Edward stand next to she . or so it seem . but he 's a illusion ; a apparition - which become clear when -- jessica step right into he , dissolve he to nothingness , and time abruptly speed up again -- jessica come on . bella I know they ... I think ... jessica can we just go -- jessica pull at she arm , but Bella shake she off . bella I want to see something . 33. much to jessica 's frustration , Bella begin to cross the street toward the guy , frighten but draw . guy # 1 alright , we get a taker . the apparition of edward reappear in she path this time . she stop . edward turn around , Bella . this be dangerous . but when she step backward , he fade . test she hallucination , she stride forward again -- Edward 's apparition reappear , stride alongside she -- edward stop . now . she 's almost smile as she reach the guy , finally able to see they clearly -- and stop , realize -- bella ... you be not they . and with that .... Edward disappear . guy # 1 we will be whoever you want , honey . guy # 2 pull up right next to she on he motorcycle . guy # 2 ready for a thrill ride ? guy # 2 extend he hand to help she onto the bike . she hesitates . edward ( o.s. ) walk away . go . Edward 's apparition appear on the other side of the bike . Bella look at he with determination -- then climb on to the back of the bike -- bella I can break promise , too . guy # 2 ( confuse ) ... okay . 34 . jessica Bella ! the bike lurch forward , go way too fast . as the wind blast she hair back , she realize this might have be a mistake -- bella ... wait guy # 2 do not hear she , gun the engine , go faster -- bella' Pov - directly ahead Edward stand in road , directly in they path , more present , more clear than ever . the bike 's headlight illuminate he , racing toward he -- bella stop - stop ! - stop ! the bike abruptly pull up short . guy # 2 hey , I do not force nothing on you . Bella scramble off , stumbling in the process . Edward be go . the four guy then rev they bike and peel out . Bella watch they go as jessica storm up . jessica what the hell be wrong with you ?! bella ( almost to herself ) I ... see something . jessica you . be insane . or suicidal . bella ( try to figure it out ) the more dangerous ... the more real it be . jessica so , what , you be like a adrenaline junky now ? go hang - glide or bungie - jump . do not be a complete freak . 35 . a angry jessica charge off . Bella watch the motorcycle disappear down the street as -- bella ( v.o. ) he be not real . I know that . I do not care . I need to see he . if danger 's what it take , that 's what I would find . off Bella , determination settling into she face ... ext . jacob black house - day Bella pull up in she truck , a tarp cover something big in the back . Jacob come out of the house . a huge grin . jacob Bella ! Bella hop out , Jacob give she a hug . Bella 's surprised by he affection , but do not mind . jacob ` Bout time you come by . bella I bring you something . Bella pull the tarp back , revealing - she neighbor 's two dilapidate , rusting motorcycle . jacob scrap metal . you should not have . bella I rescue they from the dump . they would cost more than they be worth to fix ... unless one have a mechanic- type friend . jacob I , be the mechanic- type friend ? ( off she shrug ) since when be you into motorcycle ? bella recently . jacob ( study the bike ) the part alone will be pricey . bella I have a college fund I can dig into . 36 . jacob Charlie 's gonna love that . bella Charlie will not know . jacob wow. lying to dad . blow through college money . repairing dangerous machine - that I be guess you will want to ride ? bella I really get it if you think this be stupid and reckless . jacob oh it 's totally stupid and reckless . ( lean closer , grin ) when do we start ? Bella face spread into something we have not see in a while ... a wide smile . as they pull the bike off the truck , they laugh and joke ; it 's as though Jacob have bring Bella back to life . but -- unknown Pov - on bella and jacob from a distance -- someone 's watch as the two of they wheel the bike into the garage . reverse on the watcher to discover -- ext . edge of the wood - SAM uley - same next to Sam stand two other , jare , 17 , and paul , 18 . all three have cropped hair , sleeveless shirt , cut -off . it 's unsettle how they watch Bella and Jacob ; the ferocity in they eye , the danger . Sam turn ; the other follow he lead . the three slink soundlessly into the darkness of the wood ... smash to : ext . forest - day two hiker , nate and tim , 20' , as they tromp through the shadowy , mist - laden wood . Tim study he iphone gps -- tim we be go the wrong way . nate who care ? enjoy the scenery . 37 . tim ( slapping a mosquito ) and the West Nile virus . Tim hear a rustle . stop . tim you hear that ? nate if I know you be such a wuss , I would have bring my grandma . tim could be one of that giant bear . nate there be no giant -- rustle . nate stop . then , from the opposite direction , another rustle . then another , and another , from behind , from in front . it 's either more than one creature or it 's move with extraordinary speed . the guy be terrify . tim what the hell be that ?! nate I do not know ! the guy , face away from one another , search the tree . stay on tim as suddenly , there 's a eerie silence . beat . tim think it 's go ? no answer . he turn to find that nate have vanish . tim nate ? nate !? nothing ... then the rustling start again . and intensify . Tim bolt ! close on tim - tear through the wood , too scared to feel the branch smack he in the face . breath rag , he look over he shoulder -- tim be Pov - behind he - something give chase , flatten foliage and bend thin tree in its path . Tim run harder -- tim be Pov - up ahead through the tree - the highway a couple car pass . civilization . Safety . Tim race for it -- 38 . ext . highway ( continuous ) Tim burst from the tree-line , he 's almost to the pavement , he` go to escape -- bam ! something yank he out of frame at a unnatural angle . his scream be abruptly choke off , leave nothing but a disturbing silence ... dissolve to : int . jacob be garage - another day motorcycle part be spread out on blanket . Jacob move among they excitedly , piece they together . Bella watch . bella if we be go to be work on this every day , we should probably include some homework . do not want the dad to think I be a bad influence on you . jacob you influence I ? please . bella I be older than you . jacob Age be not nothin ' but a number . bella and I convinced you to secretly build we two - wheeled death machine . jacob ( sudden mock -horror ) God , you be right , you be like Satan -- quil ( o.s. ) yo , Jake , you in there ? Bella abruptly sit up , start to pull a tarp over the bike . jacob it 's cool , it 's just my boy . quil ateara and embry call enter , both 16 . quil be short , stocky and feisty , with short hair . embry be tall , thin and laid back , with chin-length black hair . embry hey , Jake -- 39 . they stop when they see Bella . the two guy share a smile . jacob hey . this be Bella . Bella , that 's quil and embry . quil so the bike building story be true . bella taught he everything he know . quil what about the part where you be he girlfriend ? bella oh , we be just friend . embry ooh. burn . jacob ( scramble ) I say she 's a girl and a friend . quil embry , you remember he make that distinction ? embry nope . Bella rescue Jacob -- bella so I guess you guy have girlfriend . jacob ( laugh loudly ) right . quil take he cousin to prom . embry chuckle , as well . quil yeah , that 's still a riot . you want funny , Black ? I will give you funny . quil make a run at he , he dodge ; a playful scuffle ensue . embry , amused , saunter over to Bella . embry I get five buck on quil . 40 . bella you be on . the scuffle continue . off Bella , enjoy they ... a series of scene ... int . jacob be garage - over the course of several day the bike begin to take shape , the part on the blanket thin out . bella ( v.o. ) I never forget my reason for do what I be do ... Jacob clown for Bella 's amusement , pretend to skewer himself with a pipe . she laugh . bella ( v.o. ) but be with Jacob be a bigger perk than I expect ... he constantly touch she , playful , affectionate . it 's effortless in contrast to Edward 's intense restraint . we can see she spirit beginning to lift . ext . jacob be garage - night Bella and Jacob exit , make they way across the yard to she truck . Bella seem lighter , happier than before . jacob quil keep ask to come over . I think he like you a little too much . bella tell he I be not into the cougar thing . jacob what be it with you and age ? I mean , that Cullen guy be young , do not seem to ... bother you . he instantly regret say Edward 's name as he see it crush she spirit . off Bella , retreate into herself ... bella ( v.o. ) not even Jacob could keep away the nightmare ... 41 . ext . wood - night ( nightmare ) Bella tear through the forest , search desperately . then she turn -- find Edward a few yard away , he face cold . she step toward he -- but he bolt backward , suddenly twenty yard away -- bella ( v.o. ) ... the terror , the loneliness . -- he rapidly retreat further until he disappear , leave Bella utterly alone , darkness close in on she ... int . bella' bedroom - night Bella scream in she sleep . the light turn on and Charlie hurry to she side , gently shaking she awake . charlie you be alright , bell . you be okay . her eye open , tear stream down she cheek . he do not quite know what to do , so hand she a glass of water from she bedside table . she sit up , sip . he pull the dreamcatcher from she bedpost . charlie this thing 's not work very well . bella it 's ... not as bad as it be . charlie yeah right . ( beat ) I know what it 's like , you know . when you mom leave I . I have a hell of a time . imagine do all kind of crazy thing , just to stop the pain . she avoid he look . charlie but hang out with Jacob seem to help get you mind off ... thing . bella he 's be keep I afloat . charlie that 's good . he 's a good guy . off Bella ... 42 . int . bella' truck - day Bella drive along the La push cliff . Jacob ride shotgun . he study a grease - blacken motorcycle crankshaft . jacob we get lucky at the dump . you know how much a new crankshaft go for ? bella sure , I spend all my free time on crankshaft- dot-com . jacob I think that 's a porn site . ( then ) this bike be gonna be roll soon . where should we ride first ? bella someplace sunny . jacob like there 's any place sunny around here . bella I know a place above the cloud line -- the second she say it , she regret it -- off she -- flashpop to - the meadow , Bella lie in the grass with Edward ( " twilight " ) , flower surround they . jacob ( o.s. ) where be it ? back on bella - she face fall . bella actually , it 's ... too hard to get to . he bring he easy smile and optimism to the rescue . jacob so we will find we sunny spot , right ? she smile , grateful . then she look out the window at the cliff ... and notice -- 43. bella' Pov - in the distance by the cliff four men stand on the rocky ledge of the cliff ( Sam , Jared , Paul , and a fourth ) . they wear nothing but cut - off short . they push each other , rough-house . bella be not that ... Sam uley ? jacob ( bitter ) and he cult . suddenly , two of the guy throw a struggle Jared over the cliff ! bella slam on the brake . jump out of the truck -- Jacob climb out after she -- bella oh my God ! stop they ! -- ext . LA push cliff ( continuous ) - day -- Bella run toward they . but Jacob 's laughter slow she . jacob they be not really fight , Bella . they be cliff diving . bella what , on purpose ? jacob scary as hell , but a total rush . bella' Pov - a diver ( Paul ) take a run start and fling himself into the air , twist and cartwheel down . Bella be intrigue , see the potential for adrenaline - for Edward . jacob most of we jump from lower down . bella think I could ? jacob man , first motorcycle , now cliff diving ? bella you say it be a rush . 44 . jacob maybe on a warmer day . and not from the top . we will leave the show off to Sam and he disciple . there 's that bitter edge again . she look at he . bella you do not like they . jacob they think they run this place . acting all bad ass , call themselves " protector . " bella what be they protect ? jacob the tribe , the land , they right to be jerk . embry use to call they hall monitor on steroid ; now look at he . Bella look closer , sees the fourth guy be embry , hair now shorn , thin frame fill out , laid back expression go . it pain Jacob to see he . bella that 's embry ? I do not recognize he . what happen to he ? jacob he miss some school - then , out of nowhere , he 's follow Sam around . same thing happen with Paul and Jared . they be not even friend , now Sam own they . ( beat ) Sam keep give I this look , like he 's wait for I or something ; it 's kinda freaking I out . bella maybe you should just avoid they . jacob I try but ... she see he 's unnerve , instinctively hug he reassuringly . bella hey . if it get worse , we will go to my dad . or you can come stay with we . 45 . jacob thanks . ( beat , hold she ) if this be how you be go to react , I will freak out more often . Bella realize she cross a line and cover , playfully shove he . as they head to the truck , Bella look back -- bella' Pov - on SAM -- but now he 's look directly at she . then he turn and dive over the edge , cut a clean line into the water . int . high school - cafeteria - day Bella carry she tray to a empty table , but look over at Mike , Angela , jessica and Eric . Bella take a breath , then casually join they . they take note , but keep talk . jessica I will kill Tyler if he give I he flu . angela it 's go around . my sister be so sick she could not come on we hike this weekend ... so she do not see it . eric ( sotto ) ang , maybe you should keep that to yourself -- angela we see something , Eric . eric I believe you . jessica no he do not . he 's just try to get lucky . eric ( suddenly hopeful ) be that a option ? angela ( ignore he ) it be jet black and huge ; on all four it be still taller than a person . a bear maybe . 46 . jessica or Big Foot . mike or a alien . lucky you do not get probe . angela ( quietly ) ... we see it . she 's serious . and a little scared . Bella see that . bella you be not the only one . everyone stare . do Bella just speak ? bella my dad 's be get report at the sheriff 's station . a couple hiker go miss . people be scared . now everyone 's chill . mike I do hear some guy talk about it at the store . eric last time you clown doubt my girlfriend . as they continue , Angela mouth " thanks " to Bella . they share a smile and join in , Bella become part of the group . CUT to : ecu on jacob and bella' face -- just inch apart . jacob you look scared . bella I be not . she 's lie . pull back to see she 's straddle the now complete motorcycle . Jacob stand next to she , hold the bike up . there 's a intimacy to they proximity . include -- 47 . ext . LA push - clearing in the forest ( continuous ) - day the bike be aim down a dirt road . Jacob run through the instruction : jacob brake ? ( she tap it ) clutch ? ( she squeeze it ) right. Gas ? ( she grip it ) you ready ? Bella nod . Jacob grin ... then kick -start the bike . jacob slowly ... release the clutch . she do ... the bike move forward a inch -- Jacob cautiously step back . she move forward another inch -- edward ( o.s. ) stop. Bella turn to find the apparition of edward stand next to she . her hand slip off the clutch , the bike buck and fall on top of she . Jacob quickly lift it off she as the apparition of Edward disappear . jacob you okay ? bruise , break -- ? bella I be go again . jacob I be not sure that 's a good -- Bella quickly rise and hop back on . jacob guess we be go again . now what be you go to do with the clutch ? bella release it . slowly . Jacob nod . then kick -start the bike again . she release the clutch and move forward . slowly at first -- edward reappear at she side , glower . 48 . she keep go , a little faster . edward appear on she leave now ; she pass he . he reappear ahead ; she pass . on bella' face as the wind fling she hair back . she gather speed ... and for a moment , experience pure freedom , exhilaration ... then she see Edward stand at the curve in the road ahead , and realize -- bella ( yell to Jacob ) I do not -- how do I turn !? jacob Bank it ! Bank - hit the brake ! Jacob race toward she . she reach the turn , do not bank , go straight ... and fly right into a wall of tree . as she lie on the ground daze , Jacob hurry up . jacob what , be you training for the X -game ? she look around for Edward . he 's go . bella I want to go again . jacob forget it . I be revoking you motorcycle privilege . man , look at you head . indeed , blood drip down she forehead . he pull off he shirt to mop it up . she shrink away -- bella God , I be sorry . jacob you be apologize for bleed ? bella it do not ... bother you ? jacob it 's just blood , Bella . he bend over she , carefully tend she head . she find herself look at he . his dark eye , he bare chest and smooth skin . he glance at she . 49 . jacob what be you stare at ? bella just , you be actually ... good look . he 's surprised ; there 's a moment between they . he smile . jacob how hard do you hit you head ? bella ( realize ) oh I - yeah . he offer she a hand , help she up . she hold onto it , alarmed . bella Jake , you be hot . jacob upgrade from good look ? bella no , temperature hot . ( feel he forehead ) you be burn up . jacob I feel fine . he take she hand from he forehead . hold it . she try to pull it away . jacob what ? I can not hold you hand ? bella it just ... mean something else to you than it do to I . jacob one , that 's my problem . but two ... we have fun , you think I be hot -- bella good look . jacob I know you like I . 50 . bella more than anyone . but ... that 's all . jacob because of Cullen ? the name sting she . he take both she hand now . jacob look , I know what he do to you . I can see it in you face every time he name come up . but you need to know - I would never , ever do that to you . I promise I will never hurt you . you can count on I . bella I already do . you do not know how much . you be my best friend but ... I do not think my feeling will change . he take this in , it 's hard . a wave of something sweep over he . he sit back . close he eye , take a breath . bella I be sorry . I should have say something right from the start -- jacob no . that 's not -- I just feel ... weird . bella I tell you , you have a fever . probably that flu everyone have . jacob it do not ... feel like flu . I do not know what it be . off Jacob , rattle , and Bella , concerned ... int . bella' house - live room - another day Bella do homework . Charlie watch a game . she 's on edge . anxious . hear a beeeep -- bella ( o.s. ) hey Jake . just check to see how you be do . and to say I be sorry , about , you know ... how I feel and ... hope the flu pass fast . call I . 51 . ext . fork high school - parking lot - another day Bella climb out of she truck , sees the empty spot where Edward use to park . sees Eric and Angela canoodle . couple everywhere . she put she head down , hurry to class . beeeep -- bella ( o.s. ) hi Jake . you dad say you have mono . he will not let I visit but ... would you call I ? int . bella' bedroom - night Bella pace she room , not want to sleep / dream . she eye the phone , wait for it to ring . beeeep -- bella ( o.s. ) I again . I just ... need to hear you voice ... int . bella' house - kitchen - day Bella 's on the phone , leave yet another message , she desperation have reach its peak . in the live room , Charlie and Harry check they fishing gear . bella jacob. please . call I . she hang up , lean she forehead against the phone . Charlie enter -- charlie Harry and I will be back by three -- he stop when he see she . put a hand on she shoulder . charlie it 's mono , bell . bella he 's too sick to even call ? charlie you just gotta wait it out . ( then ) you know , I do not have to go fishing ... bella ( force a smile ) no , go . I will call jess or someone . 52 . charlie good . but stay here or at jess 's . no hike or anything . we be issue a warning about that bear . off Bella 's nod -- ext . the wood - day series of cut - Bella try to navigate she way to the meadow . she refer to a map , a compass . bella ( v.o. ) I be more afraid of the hole in my chest than I be of bear . without Jacob , I need Edward more than ever ... Bella try a trail ; it do not look familiar . backtrack . tries another . bella ( v.o. ) ... I need to know he exist . there be only one place I might find he , or the feel of he ... flashpop - the meadow - Edward and Bella lie in the grass surround by flower , sunlight dapple they . they look lovingly into one another 's eye ... back on bella - the memory and she desperation fuel she . finally , she see a clear ahead , hurry toward it -- ext . the meadow ( continuous ) - day -- Bella step into the clear , hopeful ... but she face fall . in contrast to the warmth of she memory , the meadow be cold , gloomy , cloudy . and no Edward . she close she eye , try to force Edward here . nothing . her eye open on the empty , overcast meadow . Bella sink to she knee . tear threaten . but then she hear a rustling noise . she turn toward it , peer into the wood . another rustling noise come from another part of the wood . she spin toward it -- nothing . then she turn and jump when she find -- vampire laurent stand just ten yard away . dreadlock , chisele face . Bella can not believe it . 53. bella Laurent ? laurent Bella . she beam , realize he 's real . bella Laurent ! laurent I must admit , I do not expect to find you here . bella I live here . but you - I think you be in Alaska with carlisle 's friend . laurent Tanya , I be . it be kind of he to arrange , give my association with James and Victoria , " the enemy . " bella you try to help we . Laurent begin to stroll in a slow arc around she , he eye assess she as -- laurent I go to visit the cullen , but they house be empty . I be surprised they leave you behind . be not you sort of a pet of theirs ? Bella 's smile falter , fear beginning to dawn on she . bella um ... something like that . laurent do the cullen visit often ? suddenly , edward be apparition appear between they . edward lie . bella absolutely . all the time . 54 . edward lie better . bella I will tell they you stop by . Edward fade ( throughout , he will reappear when he speak , then fade again ) . Bella try to look relaxed . bella will they be able to reach you in Alaska ? laurent I do not think so . Tanya 's " vegetarian " family be pleasant enough . but the dietary restriction be difficult - live on nothing but animal . suddenly , he 's stand inch from she . she now see he eye . Dark blood -re . laurent ( conspiratorial ) tell I Bella . do you ever feel compel to ... cheat ? Bella involuntarily take a step away from he . laurent but that 's not why I leave . I come back here as a favor to Victoria . bella ... you be still friend . laurent ( shrug ) more or less . she ask I to get the lay of the land with the cullen . because , well ... I be afraid Victoria be quite put out with you . bella that 's ... too bad . laurent yes . she feel it 's only fair to kill Edward 's mate , give he kill hers . Eye for a eye , mate for a mate . and now Bella know . terror overwhelm she . Edward appear -- 55 . edward threaten he . bella Edward will know who do it . he will come after both of you . laurent I do not think he will . after all , how much could you mean to he if he leave you here unprotect ? ( then ) Victoria send I here for information . she will not be happy about my kill you . bella no , Laurent ... laurent ( sincere ) no , no , no . do not be upset . I be do you a kindness . Victoria plan on kill you slowly , painfully - whereas I will make it very quick . ( inhale ) and you smell so ... mouth water . he face she , take in she scent , bloodlust building . her eye dart around , escape be impossible -- the only thing she sees be the apparition of Edward , look at she with alarm ... bella ( whisper , barely audible ) Edward . I love you . Laurent be millisecond from bite - then abruptly , he expression change . he see something in the forest behind Bella - and it terrify he . laurent I ... do not believe it . he step back . Bella 's confuse as she realize he 's no longer focus on she ... she follow he eye , slowly turn ... to find behind she -- a enormous black wolf skulking out of the darkness of the wood . it stalk towards they , a low disturbing growl in its throat , sharp tooth gleam . 56 . Bella be trap between the two killer . Edward whisper in she ear -- edward do not . move . the wolf slink closer to Bella , a mere twenty foot from where she stand , then -- four more wolve soundlessly emerge from the tree , flanking the black wolf . they be the size of small horse , all of different hue : dark silver , chocolate , ash and russet - brown . they hackles be up , lip curling , body crouch , ready to spring . Bella be freeze with fear as they come toward she . the russet - brown wolf be the close and look directly at she . Laurent continue to retreat - then suddenly , almost simultaneously -- -- Laurent bolt across the meadow -- -- the wolf spring toward Bella -- and leap right over she in pursuit of Laurent ! they thunderous snarl and snap shake she as the pack sprint after the vampire , surround he before he reach the treeline -- Laurent swing at the dark silver wolf , smacking the wolf half - way across the meadow . another wolf lunge at Laurent - he kick it and it sail into a tree , splintering it . the two wolf recover , lurch back to the pack which close in on Laurent . it 's impossible to know who will prevail -- Bella do not stay to find out . she race into the wood -- ext . wood ( continuous ) - day -- Bella run franticly , tear down the hillside , trip , quickly pick herself up -- run , run -- ext . wood / roadside - day -- Bella dash out of the treeline and to she truck park on the shoulder . she jump in , peal out -- int . bella' house - day Bella burst in , out of breath . Charlie and Harry Clearwater be wash they fishing gear . Charlie spin . charlie Bella ? what 's wrong ? 57 . bella they be not giant bear -- I see they . up in a meadow -- charlie damn it , I tell you not to go into the wood ! harry clearwater what do you see , Bella ? bella wolf . they be wolf , dad . we might note , though they do not , that Harry Clearwater sigh ever- so-slightly . bella five of they . the size of - of car . I swear . they go after -- something - - and I run . Charlie grab up the phone ; as he dial -- charlie Harry , can you get some man from the rez ? harry clearwater sure . yeah . I will just -- Harry seem more concerned than gung - ho as he slip out . charlie ( into phone ) Jerry ? put a hunt party together -- tranq gun , large caliber shotgun -- there 's something dangerous out there . bella ( v.o. ) something dangerous . Victoria . her eye dart around the house , they vulnerability spin in on she . as Charlie hang up , go to he gun cabinet -- bella ( v.o. ) if she come after I , Charlie would try to protect I -- and he would die . charlie I have gotta go to the station . bella good ! -- that 's good . 58 . charlie you okay here ? you want to come with ? bella actually , I -- need to see a friend . ext . jacob be house - day Bella knock . then knock again . finally , billy answer . bella hi , billy . I know Jacob 's sick but -- billy he 's out with friend . bella ( take aback ) oh. billy I will let he know you come by . billy start to close the door , but Bella stop he . bella wait -- he 's get mono , right ? that 's what you tell my dad . billy ( with compassion ) you should go on home , Bella . and he close the door . off Bella -- int . bella' truck - day Bella climb in , slam the door , piss . start the truck . then turn it off . decide , she toss the key aside and sink down into she seat to wait ... bella' Pov - ext . jacob be house - on the window - later rain now pour down . billy , inside , pull the curtain back , look out at Bella with sympathy . then close the curtain . int . bella' truck - on bella - same Bella look out the passenger window at billy . suddenly , there 's a knock at the driver 's window . she spin to find -- jacob stand there . but he face be shockingly different . his hair be cropped short . no friendly smile . 59 . no warmth in he eye . just a hard , brood resentment . Bella be take aback . she climb out of the truck to find -- ext . jacob be house ( continuous ) - day -- behind Jacob stand Sam uley , Jared , Paul and embry . they be oblivious to the rain , wear minimal clothes . bella you cut you hair . jacob go away . Jacob turn away . Sam lead the group toward the house . Jacob follow . she , and we , note he sure - foote stride ; he awkward growth spurt disappear overnight . she grab he arm . bella what happen to you ? he stop , turn back . the other wait on the porch for he . they be out of earshot , but will not leave he alone with she . bella ( lower she voice ) I can help . his face be hard as he shake he head . he 's not talk . bella Sam get to you . what do he do ? jacob Sam 's try to help I , do not blame he . bella then who ? jacob ( bitterness seethe ) how `bout that filthy , reek bloodsucker you love ? the cullen . bella ( throw ) I ... do not know what you be -- jacob you know exactly what I be talk about . he 's shaking , almost convulse with anger . she regroup . 60 . bella the cullen be long go . how be they to blame ? jacob they start all this by exist . goddamn leech -- SAM Jacob . Jacob glance at Sam , who give he a look . Jacob take a breath , try to calm himself . jacob I can not be friend with you anymore . bella Jake , I know I hurt you . I should have be more up - front but -- I need you , I still do . I do not know what that mean yet , but if you give I time -- jacob stop. do not . it 's not you -- bella -- " it 's not you , it 's I ? " god. jacob it 's true . I be not ... good . bella you be wrong -- jacob it do not matter . this be over -- bella I can not take lose my best friend , too . jacob you already have -- bella do not say that -- you promise -- jacob go home , Bella . do not come back . he practically run away , join the gang who all disappear inside . off Bella , stand in the rain ... 61 . int . bella' house - night Bella enter , drip wet , too listless to close the door . Charlie 's face fall when he see the pain and lifelessness return to she . he grab a blanket , wrap she in it . charlie billy call , say you and Jacob have a fight . but , hey , you guy will work it out , I be sure of it . bella I be ... go to change . Bella head upstairs . Charlie sag , helpless . he move to the open door -- unknown Pov - ext . bella' house ( continuous ) - night -- it pace , watch Charlie slowly close the door ... smash to : int . forest - night Bella tear through the forest again , search . she turn -- find Edward , cold , distant . but he face begin to morph ... ... and become Jacob 's . she reach for he but he bolt backward , suddenly many yard away . bella why !? he , too , retreat further , disappear until Bella be alone . blackness encroach , the moonlight become a tiny spotlight on she . she search the dark - then sees a pair of eye , female , blood-re - come toward she ; hear a loud screeching noise -- int . bella' bedroom - night -- Bella toss herself awake , slowly realize it be just a dream . but she hear the screeching noise again ! fingernail on she window . Bella bolt upright , look around for a weapon -- jacob ( o.s. ) ( whisper shouting ) Bella ! ouch - damn it ; open the window . Bella cautiously move to she window to find -- 62 . ext . bella' house ( continuous ) - night Jacob , shirtless , cling to the top of a tree which bend with he weight . Bella open the window , whisper - yell -- bella what the hell be you do ? jacob get out of the way . he begin to swing he leg , increase momentum . she realize what he 's about to attempt -- bella no ! he launch himself through the window with great agility -- int . bella' bedroom ( continuous ) - night -- Jacob land on the ball of he foot . Bella be stunne . he freeze , listen for Charlie . nothing . a bitter , self - satisfied grin spread on he face . it piss Bella off . he take in she room . jacob I picture you room more ... cluttere . bella why be you here ? jacob I have to talk to you . alone . bella to kick I in the gut again ? it be bad before , but you make it so much worse . jacob I know . and I want to explain . but ... I can not . bella then leave . he stay put . she try to push he but he 's immoveable . bella you be do with I , remember ? get. out ! 63. jacob Bella , I literally can not explain ... she become aware of she hand on he bare skin and muscular chest . the intimacy of they touch . she pull away . jacob I break my promise not to hurt you , I know . but I be try to keep it now . I need you to understand ... even if you do not want to see I when you find out -- bella find what out ? he start to speak -- but can not . it 's agonizing . she see he 's in pain . be concerned . bella what 's wrong ? jacob I can not do it . bella yes , you can . I will help you . we can ... we can leave . leave home , leave Sam . jacob it 's not something I can run away from . ( then ) I would run with you though . if I could . ( beat , realize ) wait . wait , I already -- I tell you . you know this -- you can guess . bella I do not want to play game with you -- jacob you have to ! I can not tell you , but if you remember - it be that day I run into you at the beach . I tell you a story -- come on ! I tell you a story ... about ? bella ... about ... " the cold one ? " you say it be a stupid tribal myth . 64 . jacob ( pointedly ) be it ? be the cold one a myth ? she do not answer . jacob what else do I say ? bella that ... the tribe make a treaty with they . they can not come onto you land and ... I do not know , I do not remember . jacob try , Bella . bella you have to give I more . tell I where to look . be there something I should see -- ? jacob no , that 's too dangerous -- bella I will take the risk . Jacob , show I . he look at she , do not want to but know it 's the only way . beat . jacob where be the last place you see I ... the way I use to be ? bella the motorcycle - that clear in the wood . he nod slowly , then turn to go . she stop he . bella do not go . there be dangerous thing out there ; more than you know . he look at she with a wry smile . then pull she into a hug . her cheek against he bare chest . she take in the closeness ... then he soundlessly head out she door . a beat -- Bella start pull on clothes . int . bella' truck - night Bella drive through the darkness . 65 . bella ( v.o. ) if I be go to lose someone else , I need to know why . she pull off the road , and drive into the forest . ext . LA push - clearing in the forest - night Bella park . climb out of she truck . the moon eerily illuminate the clear . Forest noise encroach . she hear a rustle amid the tree . spook , she freeze -- then sees jacob emerge from the tree . a moment as they eye meet . then -- Sam uley , Paul , embry and Jared step into the clear , as well , half - clothed , movement almost synchronize . they expression simultaneously alter into fury when they see Bella . Paul spin on Jacob . paul what the hell have you do ?! jacob I do not tell she . you would know if I do . paul she 's here , be not she ? SAM Bella , there 's nothing to see here . you should go home . bella not until I know what you do to Jacob . paul ( advance on Bella ) what we do ?! Jacob move in front of Bella protectively , face Paul . SAM both of you , calm down -- jacob Sam , she know thing about the bloodsucker . she 's be on the inside . she can help -- paul like a leech lover 's gonna help we . 66 . jacob watch what you call she . embry get a grip , guy -- but Paul and Jacob be so angry , they body begin to shake , nearly convulse . it unnerve Bella -- bella it 's alright , Jacob , I will go -- Paul and Jacob be beyond hearing . paul all you care about be she -- SAM ( commanding ) Paul , back off . paul -- and she do not give a crap about you -- Jacob flash anger , push Paul , hard . Paul fly backward . SAM Jacob . Paul rise , outrage , throw he head back in a growl , vibrate violently -- jare too late . SAM Bella , get back ! Paul fall forward but halfway to the ground there 's a loud ripping noise and Paul explode in silver - gray fur , become a massive wolf crouch and ready to spring ! Bella , horrify , grab Jacob 's arm , pull he -- bella run , Jacob ! -- but he yank away from she , run directly at the Paul - wolf -- bella Jake , no ! stop -- ! 67 . Jacob dive headfirst into the air - with another sharp tearing sound , shred of cloth blast into the air , fur burst from Jacob 's skin - he land on the ground a gigantic russet - brown wolf , charge the paul-wolf . Bella reel as the two wolf crash into each other , snarling and ramming one another . the sound be deafening . they tooth flash at each other 's throat . Bella stumble backward as the fight carry the two wolf beyond the clear and into the wood -- camera follows they , as they fight deeper and deeper into the darkness ... until they disappear . the horrible sound of the fight still echo -- back in the clearing -- Sam start after they , kick off he shoe . SAM take Bella to Emily 's place . Sam disappear leave a eerie quiet . a long silence ... embry guess the wolf 's out of the bag . off Bella , stunne . ext . LA push - emily's house - night Bella 's truck , drive by embry , pull up to a tiny , weathered house with a window box full of marigold . Jared , in the back , jump out , open Bella 's door . he and embry head toward the house . she do not move . embry ( to Jared ) pay up . she do not puke . Jared , annoyed , hand embry five buck . embry told you she be tough . she do run with bloodsucker . bella wait . we should go back , make sure Jacob 's okay . jare I hope Paul get some tooth in he . serve he right . 68 . embry no way . Jake 's a natural . you see he phase on the fly ? I gotta fiver say Paul do not touch he . jare easy money . Paul 's be at it longer . Bella look at they , appal . they realize she 's not follow they . embry come on in . we will not bite . jare speak for yourself . Bella warily climb out of the car , join they . embry pause at the door -- embry oh , hey , about Emily - Sam 's fiance - just try not to stare . it bug Sam . bella why would I stare ? -- -- but the guy be already enter -- int . emily's house ( continuous ) - night Bella hesitantly enter behind Jared and embry . she see emily , 20 , at a counter , pop fresh muffins out of a tin . see only one side of Emily 's beautiful face , drape by long black hair . emily you guy hungry ? like I have to ask ... Emily look toward they now -- revealing the other side of she face : a scar run from hairline to chin , three red line that pull down she eye and twist she mouth . emily who 's this ? as Jared and embry beeline for the muffins -- jare Bella swan . who else ? emily so you be the vampire girl . 69 . bella and you be a ... you be all ... emily Werewolves ? I be just engage to one . but this animal -- ( slap embry 's hand ) save some for you brother . Bella cautiously approach the counter , keep a eye on the door for Jacob . emily leave it to Jacob to get around Sam 's gag order . bella he do not say anything , or ... could not . embry that 's a wolf thing . Alpha 's order get obey whether we want to or not -- jare how `bout you shut up now , embry ? embry you know Jacob 's gonna fill she in . jare yeah , I know every stupid think he have . ( to Bella ) wanna know what he think of you ? emily like you need special power to know that . embry ( to Bella ) it 's another wolf thing . we hear each other 's thought . good for hunt . embarrassing for everything else . Jared lean to Bella , challenging . jare freaking out yet ? 70 . bella ( meet he look ) you be not the first -- mind reader I have meet . embry ( grin ) Jake 's right . you be good with the weird . bella but I do not get -- how ? why ? -- SAM ( o.s. ) -- because there be bad thing here . she spin - Sam be now stand behind she , the front door open behind he . SAM and they be get worse . Bella be chill . Sam move past she to Emily - the sight of she instantly warm he face . SAM hey , em . he kiss Emily 's scar face adoringly . Bella have to look away . they utter devotion be a painful reminder of what she have lose . fortunately , she 's distract by -- Jacob and Paul 's arrival . they laugh and jab one another . Bella be relieved to find Jacob unscathed . Jared and embry crowd they , find a scar on Paul 's arm -- embry ha! pay up . as Jared reluctantly hand embry five buck , Jacob 's eye find Bella 's . he nod solemnly to the door ; we should talk . ext . LA push - cliff - dawn the sun be just beginning to rise , redden the cloud overhead . Bella pace by the cliff 's edge , try to come to grip with this new reality . Jacob keep he distance , try to control he anger . bella you just have to ... stop . 71 . jacob it 's not a life-style choice . it 's in my DNA . bella killing be in you DNA ? jacob man , I think maybe you would not be such a hypocrite -- what , I be not the right kind of monster for you ? can not measure up to you bloodsuck friend -- bella ( angry as well ) hey , they manage to survive without hurt innocent people . Jacob stop -- a beat as he anger be replace by confusion . jacob wait - innocent ? -- so ... you do not care that I morph into a giant dog . just that I ... kill people ? bella ( appal ) " just ? " that hiker ' life mean that little to you ? he burst out laugh . bella ( repell , turn to go ) oh my God . jacob Bella -- Bella wait ... ( he stop she ) we be not kill hiker . we be try to protect they . bella from what ? jacob the only thing we do kill : vampire . bella ( stunne , reel ) vampire ? Jake , no -- 72 . jacob ( step back , bitter ) do not worry , we can not touch you precious cullen - unless they bite someone and violate the Treaty -- bella that 's not what I -- you can not fight vampire . they be too dangerous . jacob please . we take out that leech with the dread easy enough . bella you ... kill Laurent ? jacob ( worried ) ... he do not seem like a friend . bella no , God no . but ... how ? jacob it 's what we do , why we exist . a few " lucky guy " in the tribe have the gene . if a bloodsucker move to town , we DNA kick in , we reach the right age and the fever hit -- bella ( realize ) " mono . " jacob I wish . next thing I know , they be tell I , this be you life now . that future you see for yourself ? go . desolation fill he . she see this . bella it 's bad , huh ? jacob I just hate feel ... out of control . like maybe Sam be right ; you should not be around I . bella like you could get rid of I . 73. jacob you have see Emily . that land with she . she nod . jacob Sam lose it for a split second ; em be stand too close -- he 's still mess up about it . ( beat ) I do not want to be that kind of nightmare . bella you be not like that . you save people , right ? you save I from Laurent . jacob yeah , do not mind take he out . his red-headed girlfriend will be fun , too . Bella stop , chill to the bone . bella Victoria . she 's here ? jacob we chase she all the way to the border the other night . but she will not stay go . keeps come back -- if we know what she be after ... ( see Bella 's face ) ... what ? bella I know what she want . me. smash to : ext . forest highway - day a maserati with canadian plate blast down the highway at a blind speed -- int . maserati - same close on victoria , easily control the steering wheel with two finger . she speak to someone we do not see , she word lace with long and fury . 74 . victoria James hate car . he like be close to the ground . but I would steal one occasionally , to throw he off the scent ... see , we play hide and seek sometimes . no one can hide like I -- ( grin to she passenger ) -- but no one could seek like James . include she barely conscious passenger , DENISE , 30' , a pretty bleach - blonde with expensive jewelry . she 's just come to , a bump on she head where she be knock out . DENISE what -- what be you -- ? victoria some game last month ... but we always get hungry for each other . ( sly , to denise ) so I would let he find I ... denise now lucid , look around to see -- in the back seat she husband , michael be body , well - dress in a turtle neck , 40' , sit upright , he head tilt forward as if he 's rest . denise reach for he -- DENISE Michael ? oh my God -- victoria we never could get enough of each other ... ( seethe ) we would have have forever to try . denise , scared , shake Michael 's arm -- DENISE Michael ?! -- which cause Michael 's head to roll to the side , revealing he gouge , blood - soak neck and he vacant , dead eye . denise start scream . Victoria grin . victoria James always love a screamer . Victoria 's hand jet out , grab a fistful of denise 's hair . she yank denise over , expose she neck just as we -- smash to : 75 . ext . emily's backyard - day on jare -- jare excellent . if the redhead 's after Bella , we have get bait . with stun speed , Jacob grab a four-pronged spade fork from some garden tool , and fling it toward Jared 's head - Jared easily , and amazingly , catch it . jacob she be not bait . include - a picnic table in the middle of this small , quaintly landscape garden . Jacob , Bella , embry , Paul , Sam , Jared and Emily be in the midst of a huge breakfast . bella I should leave town . SAM Victoria will follow you and make it harder for we to catch she . bella no one can catch she . she can escape anything . paul ooh . she have special power . bella some of they do . they all look at she . she instantly regret say it . jacob like ... what ? Bella ? jare the mind reader you say you know . he be a suckhead ? can they all do that ? embry that would blow . bella no , I -- should not have - no . paul she 's still protect they . 76 . jare I do not know why . it 's not like they stick around to protect you -- jacob guy , back off . Jacob look apologetically at Bella . she shrink , stung . ext . bella' house - night Jacob walk she to the door . jacob do not worry , we have get this place cover . she will not get near you or Charlie . Bella nod . he see she 's blue . jacob hey , we should do something fun . like ... cliff diving , right ? bella I could use the rush . jacob soon . after we catch she . he offer a reassure look before jogging into the wood . ext . cullen house - night Bella tentatively approach the large , modern glass home . she climb the porch step , approach the door ... int . cullen house - live room ( continuous ) - night Bella enter to find it perfectly intact , live - in , warm , candle glow ... and the Cullen family enjoy the evening - carlisle , esme , rosalie , emmett and jasper . Bella be overwhelm with joy at see they . bella you be here . but they ignore she . wo not even look at she . she start toward they but suddenly -- Edward appear and yank Bella away , pull she to the door and push she out , slamm it on she -- 77 . ext . cullen house - ( continuous ) - night -- Bella run to the window , peer in at the family who continue to ignore she as they gather around Edward -- int . bella' room - morning Bella awaken , tear on she face . she can not take it . get the hell out of bed , anxious to leave the dream behind . but it stay with she ... ext . emily's house - day Bella knock on the door , rain fall around she , wind blow strong . Emily open the door . see she . emily Bella . be you okay ? bella yeah , I just ... be Jacob here ? he be not at home ... Sam appear behind Emily . SAM he 's with Jared and embry , keep a eye on thing . I be head out soon . should I tell he something ? -- as Sam wrap a arm around Emily . they deep love be achingly obvious . off Bella 's face -- flashpop to Bella and Edward at she birthday party , in a similar embrace , as Alice snap they picture -- back on bella - pain . emily you want to come in ? -- but Bella 's already hurry to she truck , determination on she face . ext . wood - day close on a rifle as it lock and load . include charlie , who check it , then note the position of the six men in he hunt party , all wear rain gear . he sees Harry at the end of the line , pause , look down . charlie you get something , Harry ? 78 . on harry - he look down at a large wolf paw print . harry clearwater nope , nothin' . the hunt party move forward . Harry let they get ahead , stomp out the paw print . on charlie as he pass under a huge tree -- whip pan up the tree to find that high above , crouching on a limb , be victoria . she watch Charlie with a vengeful glare . she noiselessly swing down to a lower branch , get ready to pounce on Charlie -- on harry - he eye catch she movement ; he look up , sees the back of she red head -- he breath catch -- she hear the sound , even through the rain and wind . before Harry can raise he shotgun -- Victoria 's stand next to he , whipping the gun out of he hand with superhuman speed . he gasp , breath stick in he chest . she grin , about to bite -- but suddenly -- the russet -brown jacob - wolf smashes into she , knock she away . she rights herself immediately and take off -- the three wolve give chase , disappear . it all happen soundlessly , in second , unbeknownst to the other ... stay on harry - he still can not catch he breath , in slow motion he clasp he leave arm -- intercut with -- ext . another part of the wood - same lightning fast cut of the chase - the wolf be right on Victoria 's tail , blast through the forest -- back on charlie - slow motion - he turn to see Harry clutching he chest . Charlie run to Harry 's side -- smash back to victoria escape at breakneck speed she burst out of the tree to -- ext . the ocean ( continuous ) - same -- Victoria beeline for the choppy water , dive in -- when she reappear , she 's hundred of yard offshore -- the wolve prowl the beach in frustration as we go -- 79 . back on harry - slow motion - he fall to he knee just as Charlie reach he . off Charlie beginning cpr ... smash to : ext . LA push - cliff - day Bella 's truck come to a stop ; she climb out . ignoring the wind and rain , she stride to the cliff 's edge ; look down -- bella' Pov - the water - steely gray . Rough whitecap . edward ( o.s. ) step back . Bella smile , tear of relief spring to she eye . she turn to find Edward 's apparition at she side . she step back from the cliff 's edge - which cause he to disappear . that 's it . she start pull off she shoe and coat , adrenaline pump -- Edward 's apparition reappear , but she keep go -- edward stop this now , Bella . bella you will not stay with I any other way . she take a last look at he ... then with a run leap -- fling herself over the edge -- on bella scream with exhilaration as she plummet down , down ... then splashes into the water . ext . on the water' surface ( continuous ) - day no sign of Bella . a beat . suddenly , she pop back up . inhale deeply -- and laugh ! bella yes ! she enjoy a moment of elation and empowerment ... then turn to swim ashore ... but she smile falter when she realize how strong the current be ... a wave crash over she head . she gasp for breath . then another wave hit she . start to pull she under ... 80 . under the water - Bella struggle -- above water - she pop up , look around in a panic , sees -- bella' Pov - in the distance - something orange-ish , bob on the surface of the water -- Bella go down - then come up again - the orange - ish thing be suddenly thirty yard closer . Bella struggle to stay afloat but the current smashes she into a rock , the air go out of she chest . she sink . angle on the orange -ish thing -- it's victoria , float effortlessly , hungry anticipation on she face . she dip below the surface , vanish ... under the water - bella sink , struggle at first ... Edward appear in front of she , he eye full of long and love . he reach to she , she to he , hand almost touch , thing go dark ... suddenly a hand grab her collar -- smash to : ext . beach - day close on bella - barely conscious . jacob breathe , Bella ! c'mon ! Jacob hit she on the back . she spit up water , come to . jacob Bella ? can you hear I ? bella ... Jake ? she focus , finally sees Jacob hover over she , relieved . behind he stand Sam . SAM she will be alright . Sam look out at the water , scan it . sense something . jacob what the hell be you think ? bella I need ... to see ... something . 81 . jacob what ? the pearly gate ? if we have not hear you scream -- SAM get she home . I be head to the hospital . I will meet you there . Jacob nod . Sam jog off . jacob why would you jump ? do not you notice it 's like a hurricane out here ? bella I know . it be stupid -- ( realize ) -- Sam say hospital - someone 's hurt ? jacob Harry Clearwater have a heart attack . bella oh my God - do my dad know ? jacob he and my dad be both over there . bella will Harry be okay ? jacob I do not know . come on . I will find you something dry and drive you home . as Jacob help Bella up , we rack focus out to -- angle on the water - where Victoria bob , watch Jacob guide Bella away ... then she disappear below the surface . int . bella' truck - night Jacob drive . Bella wear a fleece jacket but still shiver . he pull she close , wrapping a arm around she -- jacob hundre and eight degree over here . she tuck herself into he . bella must be nice , never get cold . 82. jacob it 's a wolf thing . bella it 's a Jacob thing . you be just ... warm . jacob ( grin ) like the sun . bella ( meaning it ) like the sun . jacob which always come back . you can count on I . she nod . awkward silence . he fill it . jacob there be other cool thing about all this , like -- I heal fast . wanna see I stab my hand ? bella ( no ! ) yeah , `cause that would be fun . ext . bella' house / int . truck ( continuous ) - night the truck pull up to the curb . it 's pitch black outside . Jacob 's still hold she close as he shut the engine off . bella so ... this wolf thing 's not all bad ? jacob it 's better . now that you know . but ... bella ... but ... jacob it just ... come so easily to I . more than the other guy . bella that 's a good thing , be not it ? 83. jacob maybe . or maybe it make I less ... human than the other . ( beat , quieter ) sometimes I be scared I might ... disappear , you know ? who I really be . Bella face he , look directly in he eye . bella I will not let that happen . they face be close ... and stay close for a intimate beat . they could kiss , they lip near ... but Bella blink herself back to reality and pull away . bella thanks for drive - for everything . -- as she push open she door . wind waft in -- Jacob react to a repugnant smell outside -- jacob Holy crap -- ! he abruptly pull Bella back into the truck , slam she door shut and start the truck . jacob there 's a bloodsucker out there . bella how do you know ? jacob I can smell the stink . I be get you out of here . as Jacob whip the truck around , the headlight illuminate -- bella' Pov - the driveway -- a black mercede be park in front . Bella spin to the rear window as Jacob floor it -- bella stop ! it 's not Victoria -- jacob forget it -- bella it 's carlisle 's car ! they be here . go back ! -- 84 . jacob it 's a trick -- he 's still flooring it -- Bella crack she door open while they be move - he slam on the brake . she jump out -- jacob damn it , Bella -- ext . road ( continuous ) - night Bella hurry up the road toward she house . Jacob 's suddenly stand in front of she , furious -- jacob stop . you gotta come with I . bella it 's okay . they be my friend -- jacob do not you get it ? if a Cullen be back here , this be they territory . the Treaty say we can only defend we own land . bella -- it 's not a war -- jacob it be . and you will only be safe in La push . I can not protect you here anymore . bella I do not need you to -- jacob -- you be about to cross a line -- bella only if you draw one . she start to move past he , but he stop she -- jacob I be not let you do this . bella you do not have a choice . I do not belong to you . her word be a knife to the heart . she see that , but can not take they back . he hand she the key . 85 . jacob bye , Bella , I hope you do not die . she flinch at the sting remark . he disappear into the darkness , leave she alone on the dark road . she 's closer to she house than she truck . she hurry forward . the night sound start to encroach , branch crackle , bush rustling . she glance behind she ... nothing but darkness ... she face forward again --- and run directly into a vampire ! Bella scream -- then realize it's alice . Bella be stunne . so be Alice . bella Alice ! alice you be ... alive . she 's clearly confuse , but Bella hug she with tear of joy . bella oh my God , Alice . you be here . alice I hear voice - I do not think it be you but - you be alive . bella you keep say that . alice I see you - a vision of you - you jump off a cliff . I know I would be too late but -- ( become angry ) why the hell would you try to kill yourself ?! bella I do not . I be cliff diving . alice why ?! bella um ... fun ? alice that be fun for you . 86 . bella until I hit the water . alice I have never meet anyone more prone to life - threaten idiocy ... and what be that hideous wet dog smell ? bella oh. probably Jacob . he 's kind of a werewolf . off Alice 's horrify expression . int . bella' house - kitchen - night as Bella make herself hot chocolate , Alice pace . bella Werewolves be not vicious . alice until they lose they temper . bella they save I from Laurent , they be protect I from Victoria -- alice ( shocked ) Victoria ? I do not see she . I do not see you get pull from the water either . bella it be Jacob who save I . more than once . I could not have make it without he . you have no idea what it be like . alice ( soften ) yes . I do . I know leave would not be good for you . I try to tell Edward , but he would not listen . bella ( hesitantly ) ... do he know you be here ? alice no . he 's be ... away ... 87 . int . tenement apartment - rio do janeiro - day a dump , empty but for a table and chair . on the table lie the photo that once line Bella 's wall . Edward stand in the center of the room , stock still , stare out at the rise sun . his face be as empty and desolate as Bella 's be after he leave . a cell phone on the table ring jarringly . he do not move . it continue . finally , he whip the receiver to he ear , exasperate . edward what ? rosalie ( o.s. ) wow , Edward finally answer the phone . I feel so honore ... intercut with : int . tanya's alaskan home - day rosalie , on the phone , stand at the picture window -- rosalie' Pov - ext . alaskan house - emmett , jasper , carlisle and esme walk away from the house , over the snow to the treeline , on they way to hunt . none wear coat . edward I be hang up now ... rosalie turn away from the window . rosalie wait !... you should come home . ( no response ) esme 's a wreck , carlisle never smile . even emmett 's depressed . you have really do a number on they . edward ( pain ) I be sorry . I be . but they would not be happier with I around . trust I . rosalie I ... I just miss ... we . the family . edward I know . but the further away I be , the safer Bella will be . she deserve a shot at a normal life -- 88. rosalie but see , you do not have to worry about that , not anymore -- she stop realize she may be make a mistake . but Edward catch it , sit up . edward why , Rose ? do something happen ? rosalie I - uh -- edward tell I , rosalie . ( rise , fierce ) tell I ! -- rosalie ( blurt ) -- Alice have a vision . she see Bella - - throw herself off a cliff ... she 's dead , Edward . Edward reel , uncomprehend . edward I ... do not believe it . rosalie Alice be there now . think she could help with the funeral or something . stay on rosalie as -- rosalie come home , Edward . it 's time ... Edward ...? she 's be disconnect . off rosalie , worried ... ext . bella' house - day Bella walk Charlie to he cruiser . he wear a dark , ill - fitting funeral suit . at the car , Bella adjust he tie -- charlie thanks for understanding , bell . they want to keep the service small . bella do not worry about I . be you gonna be okay ? 89 . charlie yeah ... but Sue , and that kid -- leah 's only a year older than you . and Seth 's , what , fourteen ... emotion threaten . she hug he . he hold on a little too tightly for a beat . then he buck up , climb into he car . charlie there will be a reception after . I might stay late , see if I can help . Bella nod , then wave as he drive away . she turn to head back inside but find Alice suddenly at she side . she jump . alice you be not go ? bella I be not the most popular person on the werewolf rez right now . alice ( sadden ) because you be friend with I . Bella shrug . Alice hear something , then look down the road -- jacob' rabbit appear in the distance .... alice huh . do not see they come . do not see he pull you out of the water - maybe my vision be allergic to dog . bella -- Alice . alice ( jogging off ) I will go do some hunt . angle on the rabbit -- as it pull up . Jacob drive , embry in the passenger seat . Bella approach , surprised to find quil in the back ; same short hair and hard look as the other . bella quil ... you , too ? quil ( aggressive ) yeah . I , too . Jacob climb out . embry take the driver 's seat . 90 . jacob you alone ? bella yes . should not you be at the funeral ? jacob have to talk to you first . ( to the guy ) I will meet you there . go on . they're wary ... but pull out . Jacob follow Bella into -- int . bella' house - live room - day Jacob enter behind Bella . she turn to he ... bella look , Jake , I be sorry I -- jacob this place stink to hell . she see he 's shut down , cold . she shut down , as well . bella you be welcome to leave . in fact -- jacob -- how many cullen be here and how long be they stay ? bella ( snap back ) just Alice . and she will stay as long as she want . jacob be the rest come back ? bella not that I be aware of . anything else ? jacob that 's it . bella better go report to Sam . Jacob turn , start to leave . he look back , see she anger turn to hurt . he stop . beat . 91 . jacob I have do it again . I keep break my promise not to hurt you . bella it do not have to be this way . he move back to she , look into she eye with sadness . jacob yeah , it do . bella be I gonna lose you this time , Jacob ? he can not answer that , but he press he hand to she cheek . jacob it be easier when we be both human , be not it ? they look at one another , Jacob 's hand still on she face , he eye search hers . slowly , he start to bend toward she lip . she do not pull away . she miss he too much , need he too badly . this time , she will let it happen . a kiss be a centimeter away ... suddenly , the shrill ring of the phone make they both jump . Jacob , the close to it , do not move he face , just keep look into she eye as he reach for the phone , answer -- jacob swan residence . she smile . but he instantly bristle , voice go cold . jacob he 's not here . he 's at a funeral ... then the phone go dead -- int . tenement apartment - rio do janeiro - same -- Edward stare at he phone craze , enraged , grief - stricken -- he hurl it against the wall , shatter it . int . bella' house - live room - same -- Jacob hang up the phone . jacob filthy bloodsucker . 92 . bella wait , who be it ? jacob ( spitting it out ) Dr. carlisle Cullen . bella you should have let I talk to he . jacob he do not ask for you -- suddenly , Jacob 's eye go wild , he body stiffen , start tremble in the way that precede a wolf - morph . jacob step away from I , Bella . Bella turn to see what he 's reacting to - Alice . she stand in doorway look empty , despair . Bella immediately hurry to she side . bella Alice , what 's wrong ? alice ... Edward . bella what about he ? what happen ? alice I just see he in a vision . he ... think you be dead . bella ( realize ) that be he call , not carlisle . alice Bella , he 's go to Italy ... to the volturi ... off bella' face -- flashpop of the circular hall , the three volturi - the dismembering of the rogue vampire -- smash to : int . bella' room - day the door slam open and Bella race in , shove clothes into a bag . Jacob dog she , protest . 93. jacob why do you have to go ? bella he will not believe Alice . he have to see that I be alive . jacob ( stop she ) he leave you , Bella . he do not want you anymore , remember ? bella but I still love he , and I be not gonna let he kill himself out of guilt . this wound he . but she can not stop to soothe he . she pull away and continue pack . jacob what about you dad ? bella I be eighteen , legally free to go . I will leave a note . Alice enter . alice get the airline ticket . jacob ( squaring off with Alice ) you cullen might hunt animal but that monster in Italy do not . alice I be well aware what the volturi be . jacob then why be you take Bella to they like a bottle of wine to a party ? alice right , she 's better off here with Victoria stalking she . the one you dog can not seem to catch ? Jacob growl , a shudder rip through he . Bella intercede , stop he from morph by grab Alice . bella let 's go . 94 . ext . bella' house - day Alice fly to she car . but Jacob catch Bella 's arm , not hostile . just plead . jacob please , Bella . stay here . for Charlie ... for I . Bella see the love in he eye ; this could be last time she ever see he . she hug he , then pull away . bella bye , Jacob . he watch , agonize as she race to the car , climb in ... int . the mercede ( continuous ) - day Bella try to pull on she seat belt but Alice stop she -- alice maybe Jacob 's right . ( Bella try to interrupt ) no . you need to realize - the volturi could easily see I as Edward 's accomplice . and you be a human who know too much and taste too good . they could kill we all . Bella 's response be to yank she seat belt into its clip . Alice see she will not change she mind . she shift into gear and peel out . Bella look out the window for Jacob ; he 's not there ... she turn toward the wood -- bella' Pov -- the treeline -- shredd clothing fly in the air as we see the hind legs of a wolf disappear into the forest . off Bella , fight tear but determine as hell ... int . volturi headquarters - night on edward walk down a seemingly endless corridor . finally , he reach a set of intricately carve double door which open for he . he enter -- int . circular white marble hall ( continuous ) - night -- Edward find himself face three wooden throne , on which sit the ancient volturi : aro , Marcus , caius . aro wear a expensive , contemporary , black italian suit , long black hair in a loose ponytail to he waist . 95 . Marcus and caius eschew modern clothing for rich silk robe , they long hair loose around they . all three have translucent , onion - like , white skin . edward have you decide ? aro it be a intrigue debate . we do not get many suicidal vampire . caius pathetic . aro I be afraid you gift be too valuable to destroy . but if you be unhappy with you lot , join we . we would be delighted to utilize you skill . edward so you will not end this . marcus not without cause . Edward register this , he face set . clearly , he 's go to give they cause . he stride out . off aro ... aro such a waste . ext . florence airport , italy - morning Bella wait impatiently at the curb as -- a yellow hard -top porsche with darkly tinted window screech to a halt in front of she . the passenger door open - Alice be behind the wheel , pull off the chic , white , hood coat she use for protection against the sun . as Bella climb in , buckle up -- bella where would you get the car ? alice hope you be not oppose to grand theft auto . bella not today . Alice floors it and the porsche peel out -- 96 . ext . tuscan countryside - day aerial view - the yellow porsche scream down a highway , cut lane , weaving through peugot and fiat -- int . porsche - day Bella grip the dashboard as Alice narrowly miss a car . bella how much time do we have . alice ( o.s. ) he 's wait till noon , when the sun 's at its high ... smash to : ext . volterra - palazzo dei priori - day ( alice' vision ) it 's jumpy , uneven -- edward stand in shadow , he shirt open , eye shut . a clock gong as he step into sunlight -- alice ... he 's go to make the volturi change they mind . int . porsche - same bella ( check she watch ) it 's almost noon now . alice there 's volterra . Alice punch it as Bella sees -- bella' Pov - a medieval fortified village atop a distant hill . volterra . ext . volterra - day the narrow , century - old street be crowded with festival reveller who all wear red . they gaily head toward the town square carry red pendant , balloon , scarve . the porsche weave through they , hurry forward . intercut inside the porsche -- bella why be they all wear red ? 97 . alice San marcos Day festival . the perfect set . large crowd . the volturi will not let he get far enough to reveal himself - he 's count on that . bella we only have five minute -- Alice screech to a halt at a road block . italian police wave she back . Bella jump out -- bella where 's the square ? alice follow that lane -- -- Bella 's already run -- alice he will be under the clock tower ! Alice watch she go ... then sense something , look up -- alice' Pov - on the rooftop - a figure in a black hooded overcoat leap from building to building , tracking Bella . as he disappear , off Alice -- ext . volterra alley - series of fast cut - day Bella race down the cobble - stone alley , stumbling on the uneven stone . Festival reveller head in the same direction , she maneuver around they . above bella - see flash of the figure in the overcoat -- as Bella near the square , the alley become more populate . she push past people ad libbing " excuse I , " " sorry . " finally , she emerge into -- ext . palazzo dei priori ( continuous ) - day bella' Pov - a sea of scarlet flag , dress and jacket . on the other side of the crowded square - the clock tower ; it read one minute before noon . Bella battle she way through the square ; the crowd shove back , shouting at she in italian -- italian man fare attenzione ! 98 . Bella charge forward to find herself block by -- a fountain - suddenly , go ! the clock tower bell chime . it 's noon ! Bella jump into the fountain , wade through the shallow water to the other side -- she jump out and barrel through the crowd . finally , she sees -- bella' Pov - beneath the clock tower Edward , in the shadow , just inch from the sunlight . bella Edward ! -- -- go ! Bella 's cry be drown out by the booming chime . she push toward he , fight to reach he as -- close on edward ( in slow motion ) - as he unbutton he shirt , expose he bare chest -- on bella ( in slow motion ) - call he name -- on edward face - he close he eye , welcoming death -- then slowly -- Edward take a step into the sunlight , the ray hit he shoe , but before the sun touch he skin -- bella slam into he - it 's like run into a brick wall -- bella no , Edward ! do not ! Edward open he eye and look at Bella as the clock boom its final chime . he 's amaze , already dead in he mind . edward carlisle be right ... heaven ... bella no , I be here . I be alive . edward ( confuse ) you be ... not real . bella look at I ! Alice be wrong . he begin to realize ... she be real . 99 . edward Bella ? bella please , step back . I be alive , I be -- he suddenly kiss she , step back into the shade with she . they soak each other in like starve people suddenly nourish . he pull away to look at she ... edward you be here . bella I be here . they share a long look , he 's about to kiss she again ... when suddenly , he stiffen -- and abruptly push Bella behind he , take a protective stance in front of she -- they face the dark alley that run under the clock tower . out of the alley 's shadow emerge -- two figure in hooded overcoat . both stunningly handsome male in they 20' : felix , huge , strong ; and demetri , slender , elegant . both have unsettle burgundy red eye . edward I will not be need you service after all , gentleman . felix aro want to speak with you again . edward no rule be break . demetri 's smile suggest he do not agree . he 's the more gracious of the two . but no less dangerous . demetri we should take this conversation to a more appropriate venue . edward Fine . Bella , why do not you stay and enjoy the festival ? felix the girl come with we . edward that 's not go to happen -- 100 . alice suddenly appear , lightly trip through the alley toward they , pull back the hood of she white swing coat . alice come on , guy , it 's a festival . she reach Edward and Bella , positioning herself in a protective stance , as well . alice we would not want to make a scene . felix there will not be any scene . and we will still win . edward but not easily -- jane ( o.s. ) enough . a very tiny , young woman appear , jane . she also wear a dark overcoat , she botticelli angel - like face peer out from under the hood . see she crimson irise . Felix and demetri be back off immediately . Edward and Alice step back , as well . Bella can see they be afraid of this small girl . edward ( nodd to she ) Jane . bella ( sotto to Alice ) who be she ? alice ( sotto to Bella ) just do as she say . Jane toss Edward a overcoat . he don it . jane follow I . Jane simply turn and head up the alley , confident they will follow . Felix , smirk , gesture for they to go ahead of he . Edward take Bella 's hand ... 101 . ext . volterra street - day Jane lead Edward , Bella and Alice through several narrow , dark alley . Felix and demetri bring up the rear . Edward never loosen he grip on Bella 's hand . they path dead end at a wall of brick . Jane just stride forward and , without break pace - drop down into a OPEN hole in the street ; it 's a drain . Alice follow Jane . Bella look down , see nothing but blackness . edward it 's alright . Alice will catch you . Edward take she wrist , dangle she over the hole -- int . sewer ( continuous ) - day -- on bella as she drop through the darkness , to be catch by Alice . Edward land beside they , then Felix and demetri . Edward pull Bella close as they follow Jane through the sewer . he meet Bella 's eye , try to look reassure , but he 's tense as hell . finally , they reach -- a folding iron elevator door . Jane easily pull it aside . they all enter . as the door clang shut on they -- smash to : close on modern elevator door open . they all exit into -- int . volturi headquarters - lobby ( continuous ) - day a elegantly decorate space with old world charm . they be greet politely by gianna a attractive ( human ) receptionist . gianna buon pomeriggio . they head through the lobby to -- the long corridor that Edward traverse earlier . finally , they reach the carve double door which open -- int . circular white marble hall ( continuous ) - day Bella , Edward and Alice enter to face the three ancient : aro , Marcus , caius . eight volturi guard ( include Jane , Felix , demetri ) line the wall in a variety of modern dark overcoat . 102 . bella' Pov - the floor - there 's a depression in the center that lead to a drain . Bella shiver . aro rise , greet they like old friend , take Edward 's hand and shaking it -- aro what a happy surprise ! Bella be alive after all . be not that wonderful ? caius respond with a sour expression . Marcus could care less . aro do not release Edward 's hand , look at he as -- aro her blood appeal to you so much it make I thirsty . how can you stand to be so close to she ? edward it 's not without effort . aro ( laugh ) I can see that . off Bella 's look , Edward explain -- edward one touch and aro can see every think I have ever have in my life . aro you be quite the telepath yourself , Edward . though ... you can not read Bella 's thought . fascinating . he release Edward 's hand and turn to Bella . aro I would love to see if you be a exception to my gift , as well . he reach for Bella 's hand . she hesitates , do she have a choice ? aro laugh at she reluctance , further extend he hand . Bella finally take it . a beat as he hold she hand ... confusion sweeping over he . aro interesting . he release she , move back to he chair , deep in think . 103 . aro I wonder if -- edward ( read aro 's thought ) no ! aro let 's see if she 's immune to all we power , shall we Jane ? Jane turn toward Bella but Edward spring in front of she -- Jane instead focus she gaze on Edward which fling he across the room where he collapse , writhe in agony . Jane concentrate on he with a small smile , enjoy he pain . bella stop ! Bella and Alice rush to he side . as soon as Jane look away , Edward 's pain cease . aro Jane , dear . the girl ? Jane 's gaze now turn toward Bella who cringe , await the pain ... but nothing happen . Jane 's grin be replace by anger . aro laugh like a child with a new toy . Jane , infuriate , move toward Bella , but aro stop she with a tiny gesture . aro remarkable ! she confound we all . so what do we do with you now ? marcus ( seemingly bored ) you already know what you will do , aro . caius she know too much ; she 's a liability . aro that 's true . unless Edward intend to give she immortality ... ( look at Edward ) but that 's not you intention , be it . shame . he nod to Felix who move toward Bella , but he only take a step before Edward tackle he . 104 . bella Edward , do not ! Alice leap to help but several volturi guard hold she back , which be no easy job . as she struggle mightily -- Edward be David to Felix 's goliath . Edward will lose , but he will go down fight . -- Edward be fast , anticipate Felix 's move before he make they , but Felix be stronger -- -- Felix grab Edward , throw he into the ceiling , smashing against the marble ; he drop like a stone . be then immediately kicked across the room . bella ( to aro ) stop this ! please ! but aro ignore she , lean forward to study Edward . Jane be itching to step in . aro gesture she back . -- Felix take some hit , but then lift Edward overhead , cracking he like a nut , then fling he against a wall -- Bella run toward aro but a volturi Guard fling she away ; she fly hard against the wall . the guard be then occupy by the thrashing Alice -- Bella , bruise , but not break , make another attempt to get to aro -- finally reach he , kneel in front of he -- bella do it ! kill I ! just leave they alone ! -- as she yank she collar back , expose she neck to he . aro be surprised and intrigue . a beat . aro enough . Felix immediately release Edward who manage to look up . he see Bella kneel in front of aro . edward get away from she -- ! Edward move toward aro but be quickly immediately pin by Jane 's invisible power ; he writhes in agony . Alice can no longer bear Edward 's suffer -- 105 . alice Edward , stop . I have already see it . edward ( through gritt tooth ) Alice , stay out of it . alice I know what to do . aro , intrigue , gesture for Jane to stop ; Edward go limp . aro ah yes , the clairvoyant . I see you gift in Edward 's thought . what be it you have see ? edward ... do not ... alice I be the one who will change Bella . Bella be take aback by this . aro be surprised , as well . aro ( beat , then gesture ) please . be my guest . alice not here . her father be in law enforcement . if she go miss , there will be question . caius he be easily deal with . alice it will happen , aro . see for yourself . she thrust out she hand . aro nod to the Guards who release she . she give he she hand . he close he eye -- smash to : ext . forest - day ( alice' vision ) Edward hunt a deer . match he pace be another vampire - Bella ! she 's pale and beautiful - she and Edward smile at each other as they take a last grand leap for the kill -- smash back to : 106 . int . circular white marble hall - day back on aro , utterly delighted . he release Alice 's hand . aro mesmerize ! to see the thing you have see , that have not happen yet ! Alice move to Edward 's side , help he up . alice I be so sorry . aro ( to Bella ) you gift will make for a intrigue immortal . go make you preparation . Bella hurry to Edward 's side , too . caius be put out . caius you be let they leave ? aro dear caius , the girl 's disappearance will be conspicuous at best . and surely you see she potential . marcus ( dispassionately ) let we be do with this . heidi will arrive any moment . aro gesture - demetri throw open the carve double door . caius glare at they threateningly . caius we will make sure she follow through . I would not delay . we do not offer second chance . Edward , recover now , take Bella by the arm and , with Alice , they cautiously back toward the door -- int . volturi headquarters - long corridor ( continuous ) - day -- demetri lead Bella , Edward and Alice out of the hall . as they make they way up the corridor , they see come toward they -- a group of two dozen tourist , lead by a beautiful vampire , heidi . Edward , Alice and Bella stop to let they all pass . as heidi pass demetri , he give she a flirtatious smile -- 107 . demetri ( sotto ) Nice fishing , heidi , save some for I . heidi smile . she give Bella a curious once - over , then continue on . heidi ( to the group ) this way , please . stay together ... a husband and wife , 60' , camera around they neck , pass Bella . the husband wink at Bella -- tourist husband unusual tour , be not it ? tourist wife Bill , get a picture of that bust there . as the tourist file past , we hear a variety of language , german , japanese , English . the group be move toward the carve double door which swing open for they . they file into the marble hall -- Edward pull Bella forward , but she crane she neck back as the last of the tourist disappear inside . as the large door close ... we begin to hear scream -- Edward and Alice rush Bella out - push in on bella' tormented face as the scream get louder ... and louder -- smash to : int . bella' room - night on bella' sleeping face as the scream crescendo -- Bella sit bolt upright , yell -- bella -- stop ! she catch she breath , disorient , confuse . then she turn to find Edward lie beside she , look at she . bella it ... be not a dream . edward go back to sleep . you have be through a lot . 108 . bella no , you might -- edward I will be here when you wake up . beat , she look at he , wary . bella why ? out of guilt ? edward ( realize ) you ... think I ask the volturi to kill I because I feel guilty ? bella do not you ? edward I go to they because I think I would lose you . bella you do not even want I . now Edward take she by the shoulder . edward Bella . the only reason I leave be to protect you . I want you to have a chance at a normal , happy life . bella but it be so easy for you to leave . edward I have to be convincing . but easy ? in my hundred year , I have never have a harder time than what I just go through . she 's beginning to believe he . bella I keep see you . vision of you . always protect I . I think I be go crazy . edward you own instinct be speak to you . I wish it have be I . but you be the heroic one . you save I . 109 . he move to kiss she ... but abruptly stop . suddenly -- her door swing open - she spin toward it as the light flip on and Charlie enter . Edward be go . charlie you alright ? another nightmare ? bella I be okay . you do not have to worry . charlie last time you say that , you disappear . you want to talk nightmare ? bella ( sincere ) I be really sorry , dad . charlie just ... do not ever do that to I again . okay ? ( off she nod ) and you be ground for the rest of you life . bella I know . charlie get some rest so I can keep lecture you in the morning . he kiss she forehead . exit . a beat ... she turn to find Edward sit on the bed . edward he will not forgive I easily . bella nope . edward will you ? I do not deserve it but ... I hope you will . because I honestly have no idea how to live without you . Bella melt in he eye . he kiss she . bella you will not be able to get rid of I once Alice change I . 110 . edward she will not have to . there be way to keep the volturi in the dark . bella ( pull away ) they will come after you whole family . you would risk that just to keep I human ? edward just ? you really do not understand what you would be give up . bella I really do . they look at each other ; a impasse . she decide something , grab she jeans , pull they on -- bella you be not the only one with a say in it . int . cullen house - live room - dawn close on bella -- bella you all know what Edward want . and you know what I want . but I will not force myself on you ... include the entire cullen family who surround Bella . the house have be restore to it 's original warmth and beauty . Edward sit off to the side as Bella address they . bella I think the only fair way to handle this be by vote -- edward you can not be serious -- bella ( firmly ) this be my meeting , Edward . Edward , frustrated , sit back . she face the family again . bella however this turn out , I be not let the volturi hurt you . I will go back to Italy alone -- 111 . emmett the hell you will . I be not miss another fight . bella that 's not up for a vote , emmett . I do not want you involved . esme we have always be involved , honey , and we be not go to stop -- bella no , please -- I want you to seriously think about this . if I join you , you will be stick with I for a long time - forever . it 's a huge decision . and I want - I need you honesty here . they nod or otherwise communicate agreement . bella then let 's take a vote ... Alice ? Alice jump up and hug Bella . alice like you be not already my sister . of course , yes ! Bella smile . jasper rise , but keep he distance . jasper I vote yes . it will be a relief not to want to kill you . bella um. thanks ? okay , rosalie ? rosalie , tear , look at Edward who 's stony toward she . rosalie Edward , I be sorry for what I do . I really be . and I know you be not ready to forgive I ... ( to Bella ) but this be not the life I would have choose for myself . I wish there would be someone to vote no for I ... ( she exchange a glance with carlisle - then ... ) so ... no . 112 . Bella take it stoically . emmett bound over and lift Bella into a bear hug . emmett I vote hell yeah . we can pick a fight with this volturi some other way . esme approach and embrace Bella warmly . esme I already think of you as part of the family . yes . bella thank you , esme . carlisle move , not to Bella , but to -- carlisle Edward -- edward you can not go along with this , carlisle , you know what it mean . carlisle you have choose not to live without she , which leave I no choice . I will not lose my son . ( turn to Bella ) but Alice have never turn anyone . it would be safer if I do it -- the front door suddenly slam . Edward 's go . Bella blanch but turn to the family . bella thank you . thank you all . ext . cullen house - same Pov from afar on a hilltop -- reveal it's victoria watch the house down below . off she seethe fury -- smash to : ext . highway - moment later a ferrari have pull over to the side of the road . victoria peer in the window . the driver , a middle - age man smile -- victoria where you head ? 113 . driver Seattle . victoria ( a slow grin ) sound perfect . as she climb in ... int . edward be car - morning Edward drive Bella home . he be somber . she be resign . edward when ? bella after graduation . edward just two month . bella it will be best for dad that way . I can pretend to be at college somewhere . carlisle suggest it . but ... ( quiet , emotional ) I wish you would be the one to change I . edward ( beat ) would you be willing to trade for that ? bella ( hopeful ) name it . edward five more year as a human . bella the volturi will not wait that long . edward I will settle for three . bella ( sadly , shake she head ) I will not risk it . it will have to be carlisle . he take she hand . 114 . edward why be you so willing to give up you soul ? bella because I do not believe you have lose yours . and I want to share mine with you forever . he look to she , kiss she hand ... then suddenly Edward slam on the brake -- there Pov - the road -- someone stand in the road directly in front of they -- it 's jacob . he glare , then turn and walk into the wood . bella what be he do ? edward he want to talk to I . bella well , he can talk to I first . she push out of the car -- int . wood - morning Edward and Bella tramp through the wood to find -- Jacob lean against a tree . his expression be hard . jacob you be still alive . bella I have be call you . jacob could not drop by ? edward he think I be keep you away . jacob ( spin on he ) stay the hell out of my head ! bella dad ground I , Jake . we be try to get back before he wake up . 115 . Jacob do not buy it . Bella be frustrated . but Edward take a step toward Jacob . calm . diplomatic . edward Jacob , I know you have something to say to I , but I would like to say something first . alright ? Jacob lean back against the tree , arm fold , wait . edward ( sincere ) thank you . for keep Bella alive when I ... do not . jacob no , you do not . and it be not for you benefit , trust I . edward I know . I be still grateful . ( then ) but I be back now . and I be not leave Bella 's side till she order I away . she look at he . he return the look . Jacob see the devotion between they . it wound he . but he mask it . jacob we will see . edward either way , we will handle Victoria from here on out . jacob she 's be lay low . ever since you freaky sister show up . guess she can not stand you cullen either . edward she will come back . jacob she do , she 's ours . she kill on we turf . edward we will see . jacob my turn to talk . I be here to remind you about a key point in the Treaty . 116 . edward ( read he thought , nod ) I have not forget . jacob good . bella what ? what key point ? jacob if any of they bite a human , the truce be over . that 's bite , not kill . bella ( realize ) but ... if I choose it , it 's none of you business . Jacob be horrify , start to shake with rage . jacob if you ... what !? no. no way . I will not let you -- edward -- Bella , step back -- jacob you be not gonna be one of they . bella that 's not you call -- jacob ( even more intense ) you know what we will do to you - I will not have a choice -- edward we be do here -- Edward take Bella 's arm , start to pull she away . Jacob lunge , try to extract Bella from he -- jacob you do not speak for she ! Edward push Jacob away ; he fly back ten foot in the air , but mid-air he phase into a wolf ! 117 . -- the jacob-wolf land on all four , spin to face Edward in a attack stance . Edward shift stance , as well , readying for a fight -- bella stop ! Edward and Jacob circle one another , second from lung -- edward ( to Bella ) get out of here . now ! but Bella race between they , forceful , insistent . bella ( to both of they ) you do this , you will be go through I . a long tense beat , none of they back down - it could go either way -- bella I swear to God , I be not move . both rival see she 's dead serious . Edward back off , ever - so-slightly ... the jacob-wolf do the same . bella ( turn to Edward ) give I a second . please . Edward shake he head . do not move a inch . bella read he thought . be he go to hurt I ? Edward do , and finally , reluctantly back away . but he eye never leave the wolf 's . they glare at one another . Bella carefully approach the jacob-wolf , block he line of sight . her voice be kind , plead . bella Jacob , I love you . you be my best friend . but ... I can not change how I feel . please do not make I choose . ( quietly , emotionally ) because it will be he . it 's always be he . 118 . anguish sweep through the wolf 's fierce face . it 's even harder to take than when he 's in human form -- bella but you know how important you be to -- suddenly , the wolf bolt out of there ... on bella - fight tear as she watch he disappear ... bella ( v.o. ) there be problem ahead . seemingly insurmountable ... Edward 's arm wrap around she from behind . bella ( v.o. ) ... if I do not become a vampire , the volturi would kill I . if I do , my best friend would do the job himself , or get kill in the attempt . she turn to face Edward , look into he loving eye ... bella ( v.o. ) Victoria be still on the loose , put everyone I love in danger ... he kiss she tenderly , wash away she concern . bella ( v.o. ) but I would already survive the worst -- lose Edward . so I know I could survive anything ... edward I be here . always . and she see that 's the truth , believe it . he take she hand and together they turn , head out of the wood ... bella ( v.o. ) and soon , I would be like he . we would face we fate together . forever . off they , hand in hand , inseparable ... as we begin to -- fade to black : ... hear the agonize howl of a wolf in the far distance ... the end twilight : New Moon writer : Melissa rosenberg stephenie meyer genre : Drama fantasy horror romance thriller user comment back to imsdb index | submit | link | link to we | rss feed | disclaimer | privacy policy