the greatest muppet Movie of all time by Jason segel and Nicholas stoller 10-30-09 title up : the following be base on a true story fade in : a series of shot of a pristine , classic american small town . something straight out of pleasantville . -- people walk down the street and say smile goodmornings as they pass each other . --a milkman drop off milk to a white picket fence house -- Children ride they bike to school -- people exit a bakery with fresh roll . title up : smalltown , USA int . bedroom - morning we pan through a bedroom who 's wall be cover with poster . muppet poster . muppet newspaper clipping . a frame photo of a time magazine cover which feature Kermit stand in front of the rest of the muppet with a headline that read '' who 's the funniest muppet . '' there be also a row of frame photo , the first be of a young boy with a nondescript brown puppet . we follow the row of photo as the boy grow progressively older , he puppet always by he side , ageless . we reach the last photo of the row and the boy be now thirty , arm around he puppet . we continue to pan and find the man , Gary , lay in bed peacefully asleep , a content smile on he face . the alarm goe off . Gary lazily wake up . gary walter ! wake up ! today 's the day we go to Los Angeles !!! we widen to reveal Gary 's brown puppet asleep in a smaller bed next to Gary ala Ernie and bert . walter ( waking excitedly ) Los Angeles !!! I can not believe it !! we be gonna get to go to muppet studios right !? you promise !? you be not pranking I right !!? if you be pranking I that 's a really mean prank !!! gary ( laugh ) no buddy ! I would never prank you like that ! you be my best friend ! I know you love the muppet ! walter wooo hooo ! let 's get ready ! Los Angeles , here we come !!!! walter hop out of bed and begin dance around the room . he be actually a pretty good dancer , if not a bit spastic . ext . gary and walter' house - later Gary and walter exit they small but charming house wear match powder Blue suit and brown tie which be way too short with knot that be far too large . they each carry a suitcase , walter 's obviously be far smaller . gary alright old buddy , let 's go grab Mary at School and we be off to Los Angeles ! walter Los Angeles ! the two walk , a spring in they step , literally across the street to a charming and small schoolhouse which read '' smalltown elementary school '' int . schoolhouse - moment later Gary and walter enter the back of a small classroom where mary ( 25 ) be teach a class of 3rd grader . mary so , I hope you all have a amazing spring vacation ! try to study you timetable in between have a whole lotta fun !!! Love you kid ! see you in two week !! the kid all rise and head out . one by one , they each hand Mary a apple until she be leave with thirty or so apple . Gary approach and give she a small kiss . gary hey , so you all ready for we big vacation ?! mary you bet ! this be the best anniversary present ever ! we be gonna have such a great time . I have always dreamt of see Los Angeles ! walter and the muppet studios ! mary you bet walter ! now let I grab a sack for this apple and let 's get go ! to Los Angeles !! walter / gary to Los Angeles !!!! ext . STREET - later walter , Gary and Mary wait excitedly at the smalltown bus stop . Mary have she suitcase and a big sack of apple . after a moment a absolutely pristine , perfectly polished shiny silver old time greyhound bus pull up with a sign that say '' los angele '' they get on the bus . we watch as the bus pull away , travel only a few yard before it pass a sign which read : '' now leaving smalltown , USA . we all miss you !!! '' as they leave smalltown , USA the population sign drop from 102 to 99 . int . bus - night we pan through the bus . literally everyone be eat one of Mary 's apple . we reach Gary , Mary and walter towards the back of the bus . walter I can not believe it ! a tour of the muppet studios ! who know , maybe Kermit will be there ! gary I would not get you hope up walter . you know the muppet break up . I do not think they use the studio for anything but tour anymore . walter I think that 's just a internet rumor , like Global warming . mary actually Global warming be a very real --- walter ( interrupt ) muppet studios ! I just can not believe it ! gary it will be great . now if you do not mind , I think we be gonna try to get some sleep buddy ! walter sure , no problem ! moment later : walter be sit next to a old lady who be clearly try to sleep . walter ( cont 'd ) and then there be a episode where gonzo and fozzie --- old lady if you do not mind , I be try to sleep . moment later : walter sit next to a ten year old kid . walter and then one time , miss piggy be do '' Pigs in Space '' and she - -- kid if you do not mind , I be try to sleep . moment later : tight on walter talk . walter and rolph , man , rolph could play piano like nobody else . man ( 0.s. ) listen kid , I be try to sleep . wide to reveal walter be talk to the bus driver . ext . hollywood blvd . - day the bus , which be now a regular , dirty , modern day Greyhound pull up in front of the Mann 's chinese theater . the door open and we heroes get off and take in they surroundings , awestruck . gary I can not believe it . Los Angeles !! mary we be really here ! walter ( really excited ) oh my gosh !! it 's superman !! a middle age , unshaven man dress as superman approach . superman want a picture ? walter ( thrilled ) please !! gary thank you so much !! mary ( pull out she camera ) I will take it ! she snap a picture of the three of they . superman ten buck . gary oh...um ... I do not realize ... superman you already take the picture . ten buck , now , or I break you camera . walter ( sotto to Gary ) Gary , he 's superman , you better do what he say . Gary hand over ten buck . superman walk away . gary just ... unbelievable . I can not believe we meet superman !! mary guy , I do not think that be the real --- walter superman ! unbelievable ! so , when do we go to the muppet studios ?! gary ( check he itinerary ) we tour be not for a hour ! let 's check out Los Angeles !! the group cheer ! begin checking out los angele montage . music up - I love LA --- we heroes go surfing --- we --- we --- we --- we --- we --- we heroes eat at pink 's hot dog heroes take a double decker bus tour heroes go ski heroes ride a roller coaster heroes eat at spago heroes watch a movie on the imax screen ext . venice boardwalk —- continuous we heroes be walk down the boardwalk . Gary check he watch . gary oh my gosh ! we only have twenty minute to get to the muppet studios ! let 's go check into the motel , unpack we thing , wash up , change , and get over there !!!! ext . muppet studio LA brea - day we heroes come run up to the muppet studios out of breath , shower and change . walter be wear a Kermit t- shirt . he take a moment to admire the huge sculpture of Kermit which adorn the studio . he begin to tremble a bit . Mary put she arm around he . mary do not be nervous walter . it ’1ll be great ! walter ( shaking , grow agitate ) but..but ... what if I get to meet Kermit ... and we reunite the gang to put on a show !!! and for a while it seem like I will be too nervous to perform , but then at the last minute I overcome my fear ! and then he ask I be a muppet ... gary do not worry buddy , that 's not gonna happen . I promise . you have nothing to worry about . int . muppet studio LA brea - later walter , Gary , Mary and three or four other really tourist look visitor be take a tour of the muppet studios , which have now be turn into a Paper Factory . it could not be more boring or corporate in appearance . tour guide so , this use to be the building where all of the costume be design . now its where american Paper company punch the hole in they three hole punch paper . the tour watch on bored . they walk to the next building . tour guide ( cont ’d ) this be where Dr. bunsen honeydew and he assistant beaker develop almost all of they unique and wholly impractical invention . walter can we go inside !? tour guide I be afraid not . now its where tree be turn into mulch and press into color construction paper . it 's fill with toxic chemical . the tour guide continue walk . he pass a very small bungalow . tour guide ( cont ’d ) and this use to be Kermit 's office , it 's perfectly preserve inside , just as Kermit leave it . you really should see it . ( beat , then continue walk ) now this next building be where they put the line on paper to make line paper . let 's go inside and take a look . the tour follow , all except for walter , who lag behind stare at Kermit 's office . he take a sneaky look to the group , who all look extremely bored , and decide to make he move . int . kermit 's old office - moment later walter open the door to Kermit 's office . there be dust and cobweb everywhere , though everything seem to be untouched . there be frame photo on the wall of Kermit with all sort of celebrity , include one with Jim henson . he pass a shelf with many award statue : a Emmy , a oscar , a grammy , a naacp Award , a Nobel Prize , a Olympic Medal . he be in awe , when suddenly the door burst OPEN . walter duck behind the desk for cover . in walk statler and waldorf , who be give a tour to a man in a suit anda cowboy hat . this be tex richman , and for now , he seem nice enough . he be with several of he '' associate , '' include a unnatractive bear puppet call bobo . statler this be Kermit 's old office . waldorf or so we have be toad . the two share a trademark chuckle . tex I have love the muppet since I be just a boy . and what better way sir , to honor the muppet than to make this beautiful studio a muppet museum . a shrine if you will . I think I 'il call this room -- the Kermit 's Office room . statler we do not care what you call it . waldorf as long as the check clear . waldorf hand tex a giant contract . waldorf ( cont 'd ) here 's the Standard Rich and famous Contract Kermit sign twenty five year ago . this contract be absolutely , positively iron clad . with one exception that should not be a issue for any logical reason , but I should let you know if the muppet put on a show and get ten million viewer before this contract expire , we can no longer sell muppet studio to you . the contract expire ... ( he use a monocle to read the fine print . ) .. in two week at which point this property be yours . statler if I do not know better I have say you be recite some sort of important plot point . waldorf I hope so . otherwise I just bored the audience half to death . statler you mean half the audience be still alive ? statler and waldorf laugh and exit . immediately after the door close , tex 's tone shift . he speak manically to he cohort . 10 . tex there 's oil under this studio , see !!! I can smell it . I can smell it in my wallet . sweet sweet oil . in two week , we tear this place to the ground and start harvest the sweet sweet oil under this waste of space . muppet . ( he spit ) the muppet be not funny !!! no one be !! least of all the muppet ! they have never make I laugh ! not once . the only way they could save the studio accord to this contract be if they get back together and put on a show within the next two week that draw in 10 million viewer , but that be not gonna happen . no sir . this studio be go , see . and I , well I be gonna be even richer than I already be . maniacal laugh . maniacal laugh . walter listen in shock as tex 's cohort begin laugh maniacally . oddly tex richman just keep repeat '' maniacal laugh '' as they all exit . walter rise , look around nervously , then sprint out of the room . ext . henson studio LA brea - moment later walter come tear out of the studio , past security , emit a high pitch and frantic scream . Gary and Mary chase after he . int . bus - moment later the entire bus stare silently at walter who continue to let out he high pitch scream as he ride . Gary and Mary sit beside he , also just stare , confuse . int . motel room - continuous walter sit on the bed continue to scream . finally : mary ( to Gary ) Gary , you have get to do something . gary I have try everything I can think of . 11 . mary there 's get to be something . Gary consider . gary ( to walter ) sorry buddy . and Gary slap walter , send he fly . walter we've got to find kermit !!!! ahhhhhh !!!!! we've got to save the studio !!!! ahhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!1!1 ! walter run over and slap gary send he fly . int . car - day Gary , Mary and walter drive through Los Angeles . walter ... then when he think he be alone , he say '' there 's oil under this studio , see ! I be gonna tear it the ground , see ? sweet sweet oil , see ! " mary people still talk like that ? walter I know , it seem kind of on the nose . he say the only thing that could stop he would be if the muppet get back together and put on a show . gary that 's impossible . the muppet break up . no one can get they back together . walter they be just take a break ! Kermit can get they back together . Kermit can do anything ! mary yeah , but how do we find he ? no one 's see Kermit in year . not since he retire . 12 . they drive past pink 's hot dog where a man with a STAR map sign be set up in front . walter stop the car !!!!! Gary screech to a halt . walter ( cont 'd ) I have get a idea !!! int . car - later Gary , Mary and walter drive while eat huge chilli dog . walter so how be we gonna find Kermit ? gary ( mouth full ) the hot dog guy tell I he life in malibu . he 's become some sort of a recluse . he never leave he house , and nobody ever go in . walter so let 's go to malibu . we will find he , I know we will . to malibu ! int . car - dusk we heroes drive slowly through malibu , crestfallen . gary we have be drive for hour . I think it 's time to call it a day . mary ( see something ) guy ? walter we can not give up Gary . we just can not . even if it mean search for day and week -- gary I be sorry . it 's too late . mary guy !? 13 . walter / gary what ? she point out the window . next to they be a gigantic GREEN mansion with kermit 's face adorning the security gate . walter you think they know where Kermit be !?!?! Gary and Mary just look at walter . ext . kermit 's mansion - later we heroes stand at Kermit 's gate , unsure as how to proceed . gary so what do we do now ? walter throw I over . mary what if we ... walter gary !! throw I over already !!! walter jump into Gary 's arm . he ball walter up and hurl walter , but he do not quite make it over the fence . instead he hit the top and get electrocuted . gary oh my gosh !!!! walter !!! the electricity keep walter on the gate for a excruciatingly long time , until finally he fall , smoking , to the ground . Gary rush to he side . gary ( cont ’d ) walter !!! walter ! be you okay ?!? walter , delirious , look up at he . walter ( weak ) throw I again . mary guy , I have a idea ... 14 . walter ( melodramatic ) throw I again !!! Mary ring the doorbell . gary / walter be you crazy , woman ! ? they wait in anticipation , finally a voice come through the intercom . it be kermit the frog !!! kermit hi ho . a long beat . no one know what to do . buzzzzz . like a scene from the wizard of Oz , Gary , walter and Mary stand freeze as the huge gate open to Kermit 's mansion . after a long beat , Kermit emerge from he front door and walk towards they . he look the same physically , but he walk very slowly with a cane and wear a Hugh hefneresque smoking jacket . as he limp towards they , we group take in what be by any stretch , a sad sight . Kermit be old . walter oh my gosh . he 's ... he 's ... old . as Kermit walk towards they , walter begin to cry . Kermit see this and stop . kermit be you cry ? no , I be just ... he throw down he cane , do a perfect summersault , and begin tap dance . the gang watch confuse . kermit ( cont 'd ) I be just kid . it 's the whole willy wonka thing . I have just always want to do that . come on in ! int . kermit 's mansion - later Kermit , Gary and a embarrassingly STAR struck walter sit in Kermit 's lavish live room . mary I think you be a recluse ? 15 . kermit no , not at all . I love people . after I retire , that rumor get start and then people just stop come by . it get kind of lonely . I be actually glad you come by . so , what bring you here ? gary well sir , my friend walter hear some disturbing news today . kermit ( to walter ) oh yeah , what 's that ? all turn to walter who just stare at Kermit , tremble . kermit ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter , cat get you tongue ? walter nods vigorously . Kermit bend down and grab he cat . kermit ( cont 'd ) c'mon , miss fluffy . this be neither the time nor the place . the cat spit out a puppet tongue . Kermit hand the tongue to walter who reattach it to he mouth . they watch for a painfully long beat as walter start shaking again , harder and harder . finally : walter ( terrify ) p...pp .... ppppppp ..... peanut !!! all look at walter , confuse . gary when he 's nervous , peanut 's the only thing he can say . walter peanut ! I be sorry . I be nervous !!! peanut !!! ( grow more and more agitate ) peanut ! peanut ! peanutpeanutpeanutpeanut ! walter stop to catch he breath . 16 . kermit oil barron tex richman be gonna tear down the studio to drill for oil !?? and the only thing that 'il save it be if we put on a show that get ten million viewer within two week !?!? walter ( panting and nodd ) peanut . kermit put on a show ? I could not do that on my own . gary well , what about the rest of the muppet ? kermit I have not be in touch with that guy in year . walter you should get they back together ! kermit it 's easier say than do . Kermit 's face fall . kermit ( cont 'd ) sing '' I miss the muppet '' song . as Kermit sing he walk down a hallway of photo and memory . when he reach the end of the hallway , he awkwardly turn around and sing about the same memory he pass once again , however , this time he sing about how impossible it will be to get back together because they all have gripe with each other now . kermit ( cont 'd ) ( a song version of this ) we would need someone to rally around , someone young and innocent and not specifically any one sort of animal or figure in particular . someone like ... well ... ( reach walter ) «you . 17 . walter ( shaking ) I !?! but I be not a muppet . kermit you could be . you seem a little ... muppety . what 's you talent ? walter start shaking . walter I ...i ... I do not even have a talent ! kermit of course you do . everyone do . you just have to find it . walter but ... I do not know where to look . kermit ( smile sweetly ) I do not know it 's just sort of ... in you . do not worry , you will find it . it 's funny , but you sort of remind I of I when I be young . walter immediately faint . kermit ( cont 'd ) now where be we ? ah yes , muppet . Kermit hit a button and he wet bar spin around revealing a giant GREEN button . mary what ... be ... that ? kermit it 's the muppet emergency put ona show beacon ... to be press only in case we need to put on a show . I outfit every muppet with one of this . Kermit show we guy he green wristwatch . kermit ( cont 'd ) as soon as that 's press , all the muppet shall be alert . will you do the honors ? 18 . walter walk over , lift the glass shield and very tentatively hit the button . the button light up bright GREEN . suddenly siren drop down all over Kermit 's house . ext . kermit 's house batman-style spotlight with a m shoot into the night sky . int . kermit 's house Kermit start running back and forth with he arm in the air , do a full scale muppet - panic . kermit ahhhhh ! gary ( panicked ) what 's happen ? kermit it 's a emergency ! we have to panic ! after a beat , Gary , Kermit , Mary and walter all start run back and forth with they arm up . ext . caesar 's palace a sign that say '' fozzie bear roast . '' int . caesar' palace — continuous a line of comedian include Bob saget , Gilbert gottfry , Jeff garlin , cloris leachman , and Lisa lampanelli roast fozzie . fozzie pull he hat off and wipe he face with it . his watch go off , and he run offstage in a panic as Lisa continue , though all of she curse word be meeped out with a oddly familiar meep ... lisa lampanelli this guy get so few laugh he meep meep . seriously , he laugh to groan ratio be meep meep meep meep . waka waka ? more like meep meep meep meep meeeeeep ! 19 . int . laboratory - continuous we pull out of a television set into a sterile laboratory to reveal bunsen and beaker watch the roast as they watch sound the beacon . reveal it be beaker 's meep meep which have be cover the curse word . bunsen and beaker run out of the room in a panic . int . kitchen television set - day ominous music play as we pan past a row of nervous look amateur cook . television vo in the kingdom of cooking , there can be only one ... King of the Kitchen ! we see a man in shadow throw pasta and meatball everywhere . the figure turn towards we into the light . it 's the swedish chef ! moment later the swedish chef stand before a contestant . host the swedish chef have taste you flame grill salmon . now let 's see what he have to say . chef get in the contestant face and scream ala Gordon ramsey . the contestant start cry . swedish chef ( very angry !) bork bork bork bork bork ! the swedish chef 's watch start blink . he look at it . swedish chef ( cont ’d ) Holy blorky florky ! he panic , throw he knife up in the air . assistant and camera man scatter as the knife fall and he take off . int . copy catz - day you basic mom and pop kinkos that 's run by cat . Inside we find rowlf dress like a cat wear a copy catz smock . a customer come up to he . perhaps the customer be cat Stevens ... 20 . rowlf ( really uninterested ) welcome to copy catz . purrfect copy every time . rowlf curl he paw like a cat . his cat manager come out . cat manager what be that , rowlf ? if you want to be a copy cat you have gotta commit to be a cat ! show he , precious . reveal precious , a cat who 's clearly the cat manager 's favorite . precious welcome to copy catz . purrrrrrfect copy every time . how meeooow help you ? suddenly rowlf 's wristwatch start blink . he turn to the cat manager and precious and bark at they . they back away and hiss . rowlf run out of the store . int . club - night a tight shot of a dark stage where electric mayhem be rocking out !!! however , animal be missing . as they jam , they grow more and more excited and begin smash they instrument ala Pete townsend . they song 's cut short when the light be flip on . the bartender call out . bartender guy , I be close up . nobody 's come . the reverse angle reveal that electric mayhem be play a completely empty bar . they start to pack up . ext . club - moment later the bar door open and the gang exit into a completely frozen tundra !! White as far as the eye can see in every direction . they make they way through the snow storm towards they van when they watch start blink . they panic and start run towards the forest . as they run they slowly slow down and freeze until they be cover in ice . sgt . floyd pepper whaddya say we panic towards the van ? 21 . they slowly panic towards the van . ext . celebrity anger management CENTER - day a beautiful Santa Barbara campus for anger management . bird chirp , fountain babble , and people walk around very serenely . angle on : a group of eight people sit in a circle on the grass while a moderator with a black eye run a group talk . among they be sean penn and animal . moderator so , Sean , any latent desire to punch people in the face ? Sean Penn be chew on a toothpick , a bit fidgety . sean penn I try to stay away from people and that seem to do the trick . Sean Penn pull the toothpick from he mouth and give the moderator a threaten stare . the moderator 's scared . moderator um. ok. and Animal , how about you ? how have you be feel ? Animal just stare at he with no emotion . his watch start blinking . he look at it and jump up , panic . sean penn no one go till session be over . alec baldwin he can go if he want to . baaaaammmm ! penn deck baldwin !!! all of a sudden a huge fight break out !!! the entire campus erupt in anger and violence . Animal run off . ext . skycraper roof - night the spotlight '' m '' light up the night sky . a figure , with a cape , turn into frame . it 's gonzo ! except he now have a potbelly and a little bit of gray hair . pull back to reveal Christian bale in full batman costume stand next to he . christian bale ( batman voice ) what be you do here ? 22 . gonzo ( imitate he deep voice ) what be you do here ? christian bale why be you talk like that ? gonzo why be you talk like that ? christian bale and who 's that ? reveal camilla in a robin-like outfit . gonzo this be my sidekick ... Chicken . Christian bale jump off the building and use he batwing to fly down . gonzo jump after he . he open he cape but it do nothing and he plummet to the ground with a resounding thud . int . mysterious room - day the room 's fill with green clothes of all kind . we pan to the back where the green wristwatch sit , blink , unobserve . ext . kermit 's house all the muppet be gather . it 's total chaos as they all greet each other after all this many year . in the background we see gonzo and camilla play tennis . Kermit and fozzie see each other . fozzie bear I can not believe you call ! I think you be mad at I ! kermit why would you think that ? fozzie bear Cause you stop call I ! kermit I stop call you because you stop call I ! 23. int . kermit 's mansion / fozzie' house - split screen - flashback Kermit in he kitchen next to a phone wait . fozzie sit at a desk next to a phone , wait . they both wait for a long beat . then , simultaneously , both pick up the phone and dial . simultaneously , they both get busy signal . quick CUT : fozzie 's about to ring Kermit 's doorbell . as he hit the buzzer , Kermit flip on a blender to make a smoothie . quick CUT : Kermit 's about to knock on fozzie 's door . fozzie 's host a relay race in he backyard . as Kermit hit the doorbell , fozzie blow a air horn at the exact moment Kermit knock . int . kermit 's mansion fozzie bear I miss you so much ! kermit I too !!! they hug . Kermit jump on a table and tap a glass . kermit ( cont 'd ) hey , everyone . hello . hello there ! everyone quiet down . kermit ( cont 'd ) alright , look like we get everyone so we can start plan we emergency show . fozzie bear well , not everyone . kermit nope . I think we have get everyone . rowlf where 's -- kermit all good ! gary -- miss -- 24 . kermit all do here ! walter -- piggy ? beat . Kermit scrunches up he face . walter ( cont 'd ) do I say something wrong ? int . kermit 's jet -— continuous the gang board Kermit 's bright green jet . SAM the eagle be the captain . walter ohmigoshohmigoshohmygosh it 's Sam the Eagle . SAM the eagle you be state the obvious , talk brown towel . int . kermit 's jet - moment later we gang 's all strapped in on the jet . SAM the eagle I be you Captain , Sam the Eagle . before we take off , please rise for '' God bless America . '' they all unstrap and stand up . SAM the eagle / gang ( sing ) God bless America , land that I love . / stand beside she , and guide she . / thru the night with a light from above . as they sing , suddenly the plane taxi and take off . everyone , include Sam the Eagle in the cockpit , remain stand as they take off . loose item in the plane , like beverage cart and luggage , fall every which way . int . kermit 's jet - moment later everyone be sit in they seat . 25 . SAM the eagle ( v.o . ) it 's go to be a twelve hour flight to Paris , the city know primarily for freedom fries . fozzie bear France be pretty far . kermit good point . ( hit a button ) Sam , let 's travel by map ! int . cockpit - day Sam open a black box to reveal a '' travel by map '' button . he hit it . ext . old timey indiana jone style map of the world the plane go from the US to France along a dot trail . walter ( v.o. ) wow , this be much faster . gary ( v.o. ) really a lot more economical . kermit ( v.o. ) why do not we always travel by map ? beauty shot of paris to french music int . french vogue magazine - day miss piggy charge into the office . she walk past anne hathaway and emily blunt and slam her coat and bag on Anne hathaway 's desk . anne hathaway Karl lagerfeld , agnes B and Michael kor be wait for you -- as she walk into the office -- miss piggy coffee , bagel , donut , cinnabon , pasta , pizza , omelette station , five minute ago ! miss piggy slam the door to she office shut . 26 . int . miss piggy 's office - continuous miss piggy hold court before karl lagerfield , michael kors and agnes B . they be look at a line of dress that be green . Anne and Emily bring in the pile of food miss piggy request , include a chef and omelette station . miss piggy what have I tell you ? karl lagerfield / michael kors / agnes you do not like green . / no green couture . / pas de vert . miss piggy and yet you still bring I green ! Sacre bleu ! throw they in the closet I do not speak of ! int . miss piggy 's GREEN closet couture be throw into a closet fill with green clothes . we pan over to find the blink green watch . int . miss piggy '’s office miss piggy well , what be you wait for ? the dress to make themselves !? the designer leave . miss piggy dramatically collapse onto she chaise and look wistfully out at the eiffel Tower as she eat a cinnabon . Anne poke she head in . anne hathaway Mademoiselle piggy ... I have bring you a list of suitor who would be honore to escort you to the Paris fashion show tonight . it be quite a group . we have , Leonardo dicaprio - - miss piggy echh . never . with he solar panel and he electric Cars . Far too Green ! anne hathaway Zac efron -- miss piggy no , too young . far too Green for I !! anne hathaway Seth Green ? miss piggy ( furious ) how many time have I tell you !!!! too short !!!! now get out !!! ( sing ) miss piggy sing a song call '' TI hate GREEN ! I love GREEN ! '' suddenly the door burst open and the gang step through . the entire gang , with the exception of Kermit . miss piggy ( cont ’d ) what ... who ... how ... where 's ... the gang separate and Kermit walk in . miss piggy ( cont ’d ) kermy ! miss piggy go to hug Kermit . miss piggy ( cont ’d ) no ! I promise myself I would never go back ! you must leave ! at once ! kermit ( very fast ) alright , we try . Kermit and all the muppet start to leave . walter wait ! you be the best miss piggy ! we need you ! the muppet be not anything without you beauty and talent and elegance and ohmigod I be talk to miss piggy peanutpeanpeanut ! miss piggy ( consider ) I like you , pashmina with eye . gary ( sotto ) Nice work . walter ( sotto ) I know my muppet . 28 . ext . the paris street —- day piggy and Kermit walk along parisian street . this should feel like before sunset . sad Woody Allen -esque music play . miss piggy the past be the past . what 's mean to be be mean to be . kermit memories be good , but they can also be a prison . miss piggy a prison of we own make . angle on miss piggy . the movie have become black and white . Kermit look at he black and white body confuse . miss piggy ( cont ’d ) what do I do to scare you away ? how I love you . kermit I think you be not go to get all black and white on I . the movie go back to color . miss piggy I can not help it when I be around you ! my dream be fill with you earless , green head ! miss piggy go to kiss he . then pull away . miss piggy ( cont ’d ) when you be young , you believe there will be many pig and frog with whom you connect . later you realize it only happen a few time . ( then , passionate ) why do not you come with I to Paris ? just tell I ! I can hear it ! kermit because ... the french ... eat frog leg ! miss piggy not all of they . a bunch of french people walk out of a restaurant . 29 . french people ( in french ) [ that frog leg be delicious / I love frog leg !/ I could eat a dozen frog leg a day ... oh , wait I do !] they all laugh . pull back to reveal that every restaurant on the block they be stand on be a frog leg bistro . miss piggy we be in the frog leg arrondissement . we should not have take we romantic walk in this neighborhood . my bad . ( then ) if you have just support I in my career then none of this would have happen ! kermit look piggy , this be bigger than just we , it 's about the whole gang ! you have to come back with we . the muppet studio be in trouble and if we do not put on a show it 's go to be lose forever ! piggy consider . miss piggy I will return for the studio , I will return for the muppet , but if I return , I will not be return for you . kermit ok , great . sound good . let 's go . Kermit start walk . int . kermit 's jet the whole gang be now on the jet . miss piggy and Kermit be sit on opposite side of the jet . miss piggy ( dramatically into the middle distance ) there be only one way to get to a frog 's heart . jealousy . gonzo who be you talk to ? 30 . miss piggy everyone . no one . myself . none of you beeswax ! miss piggy sees a free seat next to Gary who sit next to walter and a sleep Mary . miss piggy sit down next to he while look at Kermit . miss piggy start tickle Gary . Gary start laugh . miss piggy throws her head back in flirtatious laughter . Kermit see piggy and Gary laugh together and scrunches up he face in jealousy . mary ( half asleep , not open she eye ) what 's so funny ? gary ( laugh ) just ... miss ... piggy ! she be tickle I . go back to sleep . ( whisper to piggy ) hey , what 's the big idea ? miss piggy see that Kermit have vacate he seat . miss piggy Mission accomplish . everyone 's talk to each other . suddenly out from under the chatter , walter say : walter so , I do not mean to pry , but I have always wonder , why do you all decide to go you separate way ? long silent beat . rowlf and fozzie angrily lock eye . int . muppet studio - flashback fozzie be do he routine on stage and people be start to boo . fozzie continue . fozzie bear I go to go see a doctor about why my mood be so erratic . he say I might be bi-polar !! wakka wakka wakka . the crowd boo louder . rowlf , sit at he piano see sweetums reaching for a lever backstage . 31 . rowlf motion sweetum to wait . rowlf begins playing fozzie off , a LA a long academy award speech , and the curtain close on fozzie mid performance . just before the curtain have close we see fozzie give rowlf a angry look . back to the jet : gonzo and chef lock eye . int . muppet studio - flashback chef be do he cooking act on the muppet show . chef florgy borgy , Chicken catchatory ! in one hand he hold a very sharp knife and in the other he hold up camilla by the neck who look terrify . gonzo rush on stage and tackle chef ! they begin to fight on the ground . the audience watch on in shock . back to the jet : electric mayhem and kermit lock eye . int . muppet studio - flashback electric mayhem be finish they song and Animal end with one of he wild drum solos . he get more and more intense and begin eat and bashing he drum to smithereen . the crowd love it . we pan to backstage where Kermit hold a bank statement that say '' drum budget : $ 0.00 . '' electric mayhem finish to a stand ovation and the curtain close . Kermit go up to Animal . the panting and still agitate Animal bounce over to Kermit . kermit Animal , listen , we be run out of money in the drum budget . so I find a place that might be able to help you ... calm down . Kermit hand Animal a piece of paper . Animal take the piece of paper and eat it . back to the jet : kermit and miss piggy lock eye . int . kermit 's jet - moment ago - flashback Gary and piggy laugh together . Kermit look on jealously . back to the jet : all the muppet and kermit lock eye . 32 . int . muppet studio the muppet be line up for a photo shoot . just before the photographer take a photo , Kermit run up to he and raise he hand . the photographer snap the photo . the photo turn into the cover of time magazine with a headline that read '' who 's the best muppet ? '' Kermit stand in the foreground raise he hand , while the rest of the muppet sit in the background . back to the jet : it 's incredibly silent and awkward . Animal pull out he flute and play a brief burst . then it 's silent again . walter ( like Woody Allen , pull a invisible collar ) be it uhhh I or uhhh do it uhhh just get uhhh a little uhhh icy uhh in here ? reveal that everyone on the plane be freeze because gonzo 's open the door . SAM the eagle Close the door , gonzo ! gonzo sorry ! I have a great idea for a new stunt . but we be not high enough . gonzo close the plane door . fozzie turn to walter . fozzie bear like all great comedy team , eventually , you develop professional rivalry . rowlf you work together for year and you think you be the best in the group , the most popular . SAM the eagle ( stick he head out ) I be the best . but certainly rowlf be more popular than fozzie . rowlf I would not say that . although my piano jazz be pretty popular . 33 . fozzie bear you kid ? I be funnier than Roberto bearnini !! you piano play be un - bear -able ! wakawakawaka ! miss piggy no ! they love I for my beauty and fashionable - ness ! gonzo you kid ? I get hit in the stomach with a cannonball while sing a aria from carmen be like the most popular thing ever ! suddenly the whole plane explode in a fight over who be the most popular . kermit guy , stop fight ! ( then ) we be all the most popular . miss piggy easy for you to say ! you always get all the credit !!! the muppet all ad-lib agreement . kermit ( hurt and defensive ) that 's just ... I have tell you , I never try to ... I can not help it if ... you know what , nevermind . awkward silence on the plane . the muppet stare forward not make eye contact . we see why they have not keep in touch . a long and painful silence . walter start sing softly . walter ( sing ) together again . / gee it 's good to be together again . / I just can not imagine that you have ever be go / it 's not start over , it 's just go on . the mood soften . piggy join in . miss piggy together again . / now we be here and there 's no need remember when . 34 . fozzie bear Cause no feel feel like that feel . all three together again . kermit look to walter , grateful and proud of he young protege . beaker ( to the song ) meep meep meep meep meep ! all the muppet be get really into the song . all the muppet Cause no feel feel like that feel ! / together -a!/ together - a!/Together-a! all the muppet be go crazy . ext . kermit 's jet the jet be shaking uncontrollably as they all jump up and down with extreme excitement . int . kermit 's jet all the muppet together again !!!!!! kermit ( truly thrilled ) let 's save the studio !!!!!!!! the group cheer !!! miss piggy yay ! and just to be clear we be save the studio cause we want to ! not cause you tell we to . kermit well , of course . janice yeah , I be not do anything for the man. 35 . kermit I be not the man . first of all I be a frog . janice then like , I be not do anything for the frog . everyone down with the frog ! down with the frog ! everyone start fight again . int . tex richman 's office - day tex sit behind he desk read a paper which read '' muppet getting back together to save studio from oil barron tex richman 's plan to drill for oil . '' he push the intercom . tex richman bobo , evil cohort , get in here , now ! bobo enter with several cohort . bobo what be it boss ? tex richman seem some new kid on the block get the muppet back together today to try to stop I from get my tasty tasty Texas tea ! bobo tea ? tex richman oil son ! oil ! tasty tasty oil !! and there be not no way some wet behind the ear upstart nobody 's hear of and a gang of un-funny , never make people laugh faker like the muppet gonna sip up that tasty tea under my watch or my name be not tex richman ! bobo it be not ? 36 . tex richman of course it be . that 's the point ! it be my name , so they be not gonna sip my tasty oil ! I make a solemn pledge to buy up all the oil in the world and dangonit if I be not gonna do it ! bobo out of curiosity , how have it make the news so fast ? tex richman papparatzi. insert of the paper : written by ... a picture of rizzo the rat tex richman ( cont ’d ) ( to bobo ) I want you to keep a eye on this un - funny jokester . fuel up my jet . a little taunting from I and that muppet will run home with they tail between they leg . some of they literally . bobo be not it possible taunting they might only galvanize the group ? tex richman galvanize !! I tell you to stop make up word you dumb muppet look moron ! now git ! bobo look at he a bit hurt . he begin to leave along with the cohort . tex richman ( cont ’d ) ai not you boy forget something ? they turn to he confuse . tex richman ( cont ’d ) maniac laugh . maniacal laugh . maniacal laugh . they all let out they maniacal laugh and exit . int . hallway - continuous the cohort and bobo exit and stop laugh . 37 . cohort bobo , why do he always do that ? bobo what ? cohort say maniacal laugh ? why do not he just laugh ? bobo he can not . he 's never laugh . not once . he 's never find anything funny . that 's why he hate the muppet . if they can not make he laugh , then no one can . cohort 2 he do not think the muppet be funny ... that 's crazy . tex richman 's voice come over the intercom . tex richman ( 0.s. ) cohort # 2 , you be fire . maniacal laugh . maniacal laugh . int . kermit 's mansion - night the entire ragtag band of heroes sit in Kermit 's live room . a long beat as everyone sit in silence , then : fozzie bear ( shocked ) this be you house !?!? rowlf whoa , man !! I think we split up the dough evenly !! rizzo seriously ! I share a basement in Chicago with 123 other rat !! kermit oh , well , I invest in Apple stock twenty year ago . fozzie bear I invest all my money with ... bear stern . waca waca ! bad move . seriously . 38 . kermit you guy be welcome to stay here whenever you want . I have twenty eight bedroom . janice like , far out man ! pepe the prawn Far out ??? come on , ok ! this be ridiculous , ok ! janice ridiculously far out ! miss piggy well well . I see someone be still celebrate be the best muppet . reveal that on the wall , amidst all of Kermit 's muppet stuff be a frame time cover that read '' who 's the best muppet ? '' Kermit stand in the foreground raise he hand , while the rest of the muppet sit in the background . kermit not this again . piggy , it 's be ten year , why will not you let I explain ! ! int . time magazine photo shoot - flashback the whole gang be line up for the photo shoot . photographer alright , on the count of three everyone say delicious fly . one , two ... Kermit raise he hand and run up to the photographer still with he hand up . kermit I have to go to the little tadpole 's room really badly . where be it ? the photographer take the photo . photographer down the hall , to the right . int . kermit 's mansion and we be back . miss piggy I do not believe it ! kermit I swear . the photographer take the photo and use it without my permission . it be a simple miscommunication cause by my tiny amphibian -size bladder ! 39 . tight on miss piggy as we go into quick cut flashback -- miss piggy and Kermit in a line at the airport . act really antsy because he have to pee . Kermit be -- Kermit and miss piggy be in a theater . Kermit 's open and close he leg really fast because he have to pee so badly . -- miss piggy and Kermit be at the altar . Kermit hold up he finger and run behind a bush . miss piggy ( defeat ) it be true . he do have to pee a lot . kermit that be kind of a unnecessarily personal flashback to share , dontcha think ? fozzie bear wow , I guess we really should have let you explain sooner ! mary sorry to interrupt guy , but if we be go to get a show on tv in time to save the studio , we really gotta shake a leg ! ( then , confuse ) what be you do ? reveal all the muppet be shaking they leg . mary ( cont 'd ) I mean we gotta kick it into high gear ! 40 . reveal gonzo 's on a motorcycle change into high gear . mary ( cont 'd ) no ! I be just say we be already play catch up . reveal all the muppet be hold ketchup bottle and hit they with spoon . Mary put she arm on Kermit 's shoulder . mary ( cont 'd ) you talk to they , Kermit . piggy take notice of she hand . miss piggy eh-hem . who 's the chick ... frog !?!? Gary , who be next to piggy speak up . gary oh , that 's my girlfriend , Mary . she be on the plane with we . remember ? piggy eye she skeptically , then put she arm around Gary . miss piggy really ? hmm . I never would have guess she for you type of species . Mary now eye piggy , confuse and offended . kermit Mary 's right ! let 's get to the network before we run out of time ! angle on chef who be hold a empty jar of thyme . swedish chef too late . CUT to : int . television executive office - day several quick shot of the muppet pitching they show . CBS executive no . -- a fox executive 41 . fox executive no . -- a univision executive . univision executive lo siento , perro no . the muppet all act really excited . univision executive ( cont 'd ) that mean no . they smile fade . int . ABC executive office - day Kermit sit across from a ABC executive who look very uncomfortable . most likely , this be because all of the other muppet be also crammed into the room . there be literally no space to move . ABC executive I do not get it . why do not you just keep do you internet movie ? kermit what internet movie ? the exec flip on she computer . they see beaker 's youtube '' ode to Joy . '' beaker guiltily leave the meeting . ABC executive listen Kermit , I like you , and so I be gonna shoot straight . you guy be not famous anymore . fozzie bear I wish he have shot a little more curvy ! waca waca . the exec look at fozzie annoyed and motion to the door . ABC executive the answer be no . not go to happen . not today , not tomorrow . janice so , like , Thursday then ? ABC executive guy ... you be just not cynical enough or violent or ironic enough . ( more ) 42 . ABC executive ( cont 'd ) look at the show that be popular today . robot Wars . CUT to two computer -animate robot destroy each other with a title that come up that say '' robot Wars . '' ABC executive ( cont 'd ) credit Card Club . CUT to four extremely rich looking teenager walking through central park dress in head to toe designer clothes . rich kid after the make - out party , you wanna go shopping ? rich kid 2 gucci-tastic ! ABC executive and , of course , the hyper - educational soyburger and number . a quick CUT of number and soy product float around a screen as a soothing voice speak . ( baby Einstein spoof ) soothing voice how many letter be in the word Harvard ? back to the ABC executive . ABC executive I be sorry , but you guy be no longer relevant . Kermit rise to leave and head for the door . then he stop and turn back . kermit before I go ... well , there 's just something I want to say . I think child be smarter and better than all this junk . sure , they 'il watch that stuff if you do not offer they anything else , but we have a chance to make this world better and more fun ! you be not go to do that by fill they head with robot and violence or with rich kid shopping or with boring float number , you be go to do it by fill they head with laughter and friendship and hope . ( more ) 43 . kermit ( cont 'd ) I just think ... well , I know we be not famous anymore but I want you to know I think you be make a big mistake . Kermit nod , and reach for the door handle to leave . ABC executive Kermit , wait . ( Kermit turn back ) you be right . kermit I be ? ABC exec yes . you be not famous anymore . kermit oh . ABC executive my kid sit in front of the television watch robot Wars all day , and I wonder why they can not stop beat each other up . my daughter want a Louis vuitton hand bag . she 's three . I hate myself for sell this stuff and , so ... I be go to take a chance and broadcast you show . muppet yay ! ABC executive I want you to know that if I get fire for this I be take you all down with I . ( as they be leave ) I mean it . I go down . you go down . int . muppet studio Kermit and the muppet enter the muppet studio . walter and Gary look around in amazement . walter start shaking uncontrollably . walter peanut ! reveal that the stage be still there , but quite run down and dirty . it 's no matter . walter be really excited . 44 , pepe the prawn I think they turn this whole place into a paper factory , ok !? kermit everything but the theater . dr . teeth ( sniff ) I be guess they could not get rid of the smell . we watch as sheet be pull off the theater seat and the curtain 's pulled back . the stage be dust by beaker . electric mayhem pull a sheet off they instrument . Animal go to touch the drum and then back away scared . gonzo walk into he supply room and pull a sheet off he various stunt . he look scared to even touch they . chef walk onto he kitchen set and open the fridge . it 's fill with rotten food . he pull a flamethrower and burn all the food to a crisp and smile . he 's back . miss piggy walk into she dress room and uncover a bunch of painting and headshot that feature she . she then see a photo of she and Kermit which she toss in the trash . int . stage - day Kermit stand before all the muppet . kermit alright , guy ! it 's time to practice ! let 's start with we open ! electric karma start the muppet theme . there be no drum because Animal 's play the flute . none of the muppet can keep time as they march in . rowlf we can not keep time without drum . animal no drum ! Sean Penn say no drum for Animal ! SAM the eagle I be a fighter , not a dancer . miss piggy and by the way Kermit , why do you always get to open the show ! 45 . kermit because I be the only one who can fit in the oo . int . muppet studio - flashback we see a flashback of the the muppet show sign drop with fozzie in the '' 0 . '' the o break off and hang by one screw . it then smashes to the ground . -- miss piggy in the '' 0 . '' she 's hold on for dear life and scream . -- sweet um in the '' 0 . '' or rather , only the bottom half of sweet um . the top half of he be off screen . -- the muppet show sign be drop . there 's no one in the o. suddenly the o catch FIRE and gonzo , in a motorcycle , fly through the o . or rather try to fly through the oo . he basically smashes right into the 0 . he and the rest of the sign catch on fire . several muppet put he out with fire hose . int . stage - present day kermit look , guy , let 's not argue . maybe we be just jump too far ahead . let 's see some act ! CUT to moment later : gonzo the great gonzo need a fearless human volunteer willing to risk he life , or at the very least he cognitive capacity . everyone look to Gary , the only human . he rise tentatively and gonzo sit he in a chair and place a pin on he head . camilla come out and bring gonzo a bowl ball . kermit oh , wait ... not the bowling ball trick ! no !! do not do it Gary !!! he 'il kill you !!! the muppet all turn and hush Kermit . walter turn to Kermit . walter what 's wrong with the bowl ball trick ? 46 . int . muppet studio - flashback several quick shot of the young gonzo fling bowl ball at people with pin on they head and nailing they in different part of the body very violently , send they fly off they chair . int . stage - present and we be back . now walter look terrify too . gonzo begin swinging the bowl ball in a circular motion , round and round , building anticipation . kermit / walter no !!! please !!! not again ! somebody stop this madness down from there Gary ! nn !li! / get but it be too late . gonzo release the bowl ball and it fly towards Gary 's head , who close he eye in terror . the crowd gasp in fear as the bowl ball perfectly knock the pin off Gary 's head ! the group erupt in applause . kermit he dit it !!! ( to God ) thank you !!!! thank you !!! gonzo ( with a bow ) you be welcome . donation be gladly accept . just drop they in the collection clucket . a gaggle of chicken walk through the group with bucket and some muppet throw in money . Kermit run onstage . Kermit look down at he clipboard . kermit okay , next . bunsen and beaker ! bunsen and beaker pull back a curtain immediately behind gonzo where they stand next to a mysterious device . dr . bunsen honeydew the bowl ball act be actually a group routine . gonzo ( embarrassed ) bunsen do not --- 47 . dr . bunsen honeydew allow I to explain . this be my temporal displacement Machine . to the casual observer , gonzo 's stunt look indeed miraculous . however , it be in fact my device that be truly astonish . gonzo dr.! no ! bunsen flip a screen around on the Machine and replay the stunt for the muppet . dr . bunsen honeydew you see at the moment of release , my faithful assistant beaker -- beaker meep meep . dr . bunsen honeydew ( cont . ) --- turn the temporal displacement dial ... ( point to a dial on the device ) slow time to a near halt ... we watch on the screen as everything begin to move incredibly slowly . the bowl ball be clearly go to hit Gary in the crotch . we watch as beaker walk on stage and literally guide the bowl ball directly to the pin on Gary 's head , then casually walk out of frame . dr . bunsen honeydew ( cont ’d ) time then resume it 's normal speed and the audience be none the wiser . gonzo ( guiltily ) what ? I do not want to kill someone ! again ! Kermit look at the dial . kermit wait . the dial here say slow , slower and perfect pasta ? why the perfect pasta set ? dr . bunsen honeydew you never know when you might need perfect pasta ! 48 . kermit ( to gonzo ) gonzo , you do stunt ! that 's what the people expect . the muppet be not about cheap trick . we be about actual talent ! now you have to promise if you do this stunt , you will not be use that freezing time machine . gonzo nod and skulk off . kermit ( cont 'd ) now , who 's next ? montage of muppet performing there act . everyone be terrible . -- fozzie bear do he stand - up act . in the bg , scooter 's on a pogo stick . fozzie bear what 's the bear capital of the world ? koala lampur ! Kermit look at rowlf and signal for he to play off fozzie . rowlf shake he head '' no . '' -- gonzo destroy another mannequin with he bowl ball . -- camilla lead a bunch of chicken in a synchronize swim . they all run into each other . it turn into a chaotic chicken splash fight . in the bg , rowlf be eat sushi . -- Sam the Eagle have he firework display . he light it and stand proudly before it . one single sparkler light up . -- gonzo destroy a mannequin with he bowl ball . then he accidentally whip another bowl ball behind he , destroy the wall . in the bg , sweet um walk by on he hand . -- Animal 's behind the drum set , still play flute . animal baby step !!! ahhhhhh ! int . stage Kermit stand on the stage . 49 . kermit alright , now let 's see walter 's act . walter my ... my act ? kermit yup . walter begin shaking and then run offstage . kermit ( cont 'd ) okay ... let 's see . who else be leave here ? all the muppet look at Kermit . he realize he 's the last one to do a act . int . miss piggy 's dressing room there 's a knock at the door . miss piggy turn . Kermit poke he head in . he notice a bottle of hair dye label : just for pig , but look away respectfully . kermit ready to practice we duet ? miss piggy I be ready for the duet of life frog , but that ship have sail . kermit but piggy , we have to . the audience expect it . miss piggy oh , kermy ... I might lie to get a job . I might lie to get out of a parking ticket . I might lie to get a free croissant . but I will never ever ever lie on stage . ( then , make it up ) besides ... I be already do a duet ... with Gary . bring he to I ! miss piggy turn . Kermit , clearly jealous , leave the room . ext . audience - moment later Gary watch the act when Mary walk up smile . 50 . mary hey , Gary , how 's it go ? gary could not be go better ! angle on stage : Lou Zealand be hurl fish at walter who be pin to a target . they barely miss he , stick like dagger in the target . mary wow , that look dangerous . gary no , Lou be like , a expert . mary look , I do not mean to be weird but do you think miss piggy be a little ... gary a little what ? mary I do not know , she do not seem to like I very much . not nearly as much as she like you at least . gary ( smile ) oh my gosh ! you be jealous . that 's so cute . believe I babe , miss piggy be just a friend . Kermit walk into the theater and approach Mary and Gary . kermit hey , umm ... sorry to interrupt , but miss piggy want to talk to you about something Gary . she 's in she dress room . gary oh ... ok , I 'il be right back . he kiss Mary on the cheek , and Kermit and Mary look after he as he go . Kermit sigh and walk off . Mary watch this concerned . int . piggy 's dressing room - moment later a knock . piggy call out from behind she dress screen . 51 . piggy entre mon amour , s’il vous please . gary ( enter ) hi . you want to see I ? piggy walk out from behind the screen in a lovely dress . miss piggy could you help I with the zipper ? she turn revealing the dress be literally busting open in the back , this zipper be clearly not go up . gary oh. wow. okay . sure . ext . piggy 's dressing room - continuous Mary come walk down the hallway towards the bathroom . however , as she pass piggy 's dress room she hear : gary ( 0.s. ) I really do not think this will work . piggy ( 0.s. ) we can make it work . gary ( 0.s. ) but piggy , I be only human . piggy ( 0.s. ) just try !! gary ( 0.s . ) okay . I do not think it 's a good idea , but I 'il try . Mary peek inside the dress room and see gary try to zip up piggy 's dress !!!!! Mary look hurt , and leave . int . piggy 's dressing room - continuous Gary be pull with all he might on the Zipper , and piggy be clearly in a great deal of pain . Gary give up and let go , and piggy be able to breath . piggy ( out of breath ) when I find out who shrink my dress - 52 . gary I be sure we can alter it ! piggy nonsense ! we have to find a new , non shrunken dress !! and you be come with I ! we must discuss we duet !! perhaps over a romantic candle light all you can eat buffet . I be starve . go gather you thing , I 'il meet you on stage where Kermit can see we . gary I be sorry , what ? piggy nothing . ext . stage all the muppet be on lunch break . Gary walk up to walter . gary ( walter ) hey bud , you see Mary ? walter she take off . felt like she be '' hogging '' all you time . '' Gary know this be odd . as soon as Kermit enter , piggy take Gary 's arm . kermit alright , everyone . let 's practice the open again . no one be listen to he . Kermit grab a megaphone . kermit ( cont 'd ) what do you say we practice the open again ? fozzie bear oh boy . here we go again !! gonzo ( eat a ultimate baconator cheeseburger ) we be eat . 53 . kermit oh. okay , but let 's eat up then , cause we really should get back to work . we do not have much time . miss piggy you be not the boss of we !! rowlf well , he be the leader . rizzo say who ? rowlf it 's just the truth . miss piggy well if that 's the truth , do that mean that I be a liar ! the group erupt into fight again . a cacophony of argue . a second later , tex richman walk into the theater with he cohort . . tex richman maniacal laugh , maniacal laugh , maniacal laugh . lookie what we get here . we get a frog , a pig , a dog . look like a good old fashioned Korean bbq to I . muppet ... ( he spit ) can not even pull it together to unite against a common enemy ... I , to save they studio . pathetic . gonzo now you listen here ! we have united ! we be just rehearse we finale !!! the ... the ... cacophony of the muppet !!! tex richman you can not fool I ... thing . I 'ma hunter , and I know when a animal be wounded . angle on animal holding he flute 54 . tex richman ( cont ’d ) and there be not nothin’ you can do now that can stop I from own this here studio and the tasty tasty texas tea that run underneath . I be gonna bathe in this sweet sweet oil until my skin be as leathery as a baseball glove , see . that be , unless you can somehow get ten million viewer for you telethon , which we all know be impossible . miss piggy we will get ten million viewer ! kermit that 's right ! and even if we do not ... even if somehow you do own the studio . it would not matter . we be friend , and we will keep on be the muppet even if we need to find another place to perform !!! tex richman ( " do not make I laugh '' ) make I laugh . pause . sgt . floyd pepper I believe the expression be '' do not make I laugh . '' tex richman I know what I say and I say what I mean . why would I want you to '' do not make I laugh ? '' you doin’ that already . you muppet never make I laugh , so I be offer you a last chance . make I laugh , I give you the studio . Long pause . finally fozzie step up dramatically . fozzie bear a man walk into the doctor office . Doctor say , '' what 's the problem ? '' man say , '' I have a terrible headache . '' Doctor say '' well sir , I think you need to stop pick you nose . '' man say '' why ? '' Doctor say '' Cause I be try to examine you . '' 55 . Long long beat . everyone wait . tex richman snap he finger . bobo produce the standard rich and famous contract . tex richman this here be the Standard Rich and famous contract you sign some thirty year ago , you remember ? it 's sign right here by one Kermit the frog !? kermit yes . tex richman well maybe you shoulda read the fine print . he hold a huge magnify glass to some incredibly small fine print . tex richman ( cont ’d ) see , in three day it 's not just this studio you lose the rights to . it 's the muppet name itself . and not just that , but all character under the muppet name . see , I do not just own the studio . I own ... the muppet . I own the loveable frog , the arrogant pig , the mediocre bear . I own they all !!! so enjoy you last few day together , cause after you fail telethon , you ever want to work together again .... you workin’ for I . maniacal laugh maniacal laugh . he and he cohort exit . pregnant pause . scooter ummm. Kermit . do he just say that you sign a contract that sell not only the studio but also the rights to the muppet name and we on -stage personality which , incidently happen to also be we personal personality . Kermit gulp . all the muppet move to pounce on Kermit . smash CUT to : 56 . int . courtroom - later Kermit sit in the Witness chair . we muppet sit in the jury box , and Sam the Eagle preside as judge . Janice and scooter sit as prosecution and Defense , and the rest of we muppet sit in the pews and watch the proceedings . kermit I swear , I have no idea . it be thirty year ago ! I have never sign a contract before ! Janice stand . janice so like ... why do I have this like sign contract dating two year before we ever go to Hollywood . Kermit look at it . kermit that 's not a contract , that 's a receipt for my banjo . janice so you say . like ... so you say . the muppet mumble in agreement . kermit I do not have time to read the fine print ! and besides , you all want I to sign ... remember !?!?! CUT to : int . world wide studio - flashback the muppet stand before Orson Wells . orson well prepare the Standard Rich and famous contract for Kermit the frog and company . int . conference room - moment later Kermit stand over the massive contract surround by the muppet . he be glance through it . 57 . muppet sign it . sign it . sign it . sign ith ! kermit do not you think we should read ... muppet sign it ! sign it ! sign it ! sign it ! int . courtroom - present the muppet all mumble to each other . kermit I swear , I would never have do this on purpose . please , you have get to ... janice sustain ! kermit you be not suppose to say that . the muppet consider . janice one final question you honor . SAM the eagle proceed hippie . janice like , why do you have a courtroom in you house ? kermit there 's fifty room in this house , and I run out of idea , so I think ... how about a courtroom ? glad it finally come in handy . janice ( as though she get he ) like , so you say . I rest my case . the muppet all mumble to each other . then , a small voice be hear from the back of the room . walter you fake honor , may I approach the fake bench ? 58 . SAM the eagle you may , flatten , miniature badger . walter , who be sit next to Gary , head to the front of the room and address the muppet . walter when I be just a little brown puppet I feel really all alone . then I see my first episode of the muppet show and even though I do not know any of you , I finally have something to hope for . that someday I could be a muppet . you guy have the power to change people , to give kid hope , but the only way you can do it be if you work together to defeat this tex richman guy . do not you get it ! if you do not , you will never get to perform together again !!! we can not let that happen . now I know I be not one of you , but maybe that 's why I can see it all so clearly . you guy be be stupid ! like really stupid ! like super duper stupid ! now how about we cut it out and put on a show already !!!! silence . finally , Janice stand . janice you honor , like , in light of the soggy burnt poptart 's speech ... the muppet would like to like , drop all charge and put on a show . the whole room erupt in cheer !!!!! they run out . walter 's follow they . kermit you stay here ! walter what ? why ? kermit Cause if you be go to join the gang you gotta figure out you act ! by tomorrow night ! he pat walter on the back and leave . 59 . walter ( nervous ) join the gang ?..... pppppeanut ! he turn to Gary who smile and give walter the thumb up . walter ( cont 'd ) but ... but Gary ... I do not have a talent . I be ... totally talentless . remember when we audition for America 's get talent ? gary no . walter Gary , remember ... int . america 's got talent - day the early audition round of America 's get talent . Gary walk out on stage carry walter and they approach the mic . david hasselhof so , what will you be do for we today ? gary hi . my name be Gary and this be my friend walter . walter just stare lifelessly at the panel . gary ( cont 'd ) say hi walter . ( long beat ) walter . walter ( shaking , whisper ) peanut . peir hit he buzzer . so do hasselhof . gary buddy , please say something . Sharon hit she buzzer . peir honestly , get off the stage . you be without a doubt the worst ventriloquist I have ever see . 60 . gary no ... no I be not a ventriloquist . he 's alive , he 's my friend . Sharon rise angrily from she chair . sharon osbourne get off the stage ! !!!!!! 1! int . courtroom - back to present walter we do not even get to we song and dance . gary yeah . that 's right . that be so bad I completely forget it happen . do not worry . there 's no way something like that could ever happen twice in a row . you will find you talent and it 'il be great . Gary exit , and walter look mortify . int . muppet studio / kermit 's house / los angele - montage a montage of the muppet each practice they act in harmony . they be get better . int . muppet studio stage Gary and piggy rehearse '' I be you puppet '' on stage . Kermit watch from off stage , jealously . Mary walk in and see what 's happen . she look jealous and leave . int . ABC president 's office - day it 's a gigantic office , like way , way too big with a giant oil painting of the ABC President right above he desk . the ABC exec poke she head in . ABC president what be this about a muppet show ? nobody 's hear from they in year . ABC executive I just think -- 61 . ABC president I do not pay you to think . you be a television executive . ABC executive but if we give they a chance -- ABC president Fine . but if this do not work out , you be out on the street , no if , and or but . ( then , friendly , pan to reveal a sundae bar ) you want some ice cream ? I just get this sundae bar install to make I more approachable . ABC executive I be good . the ABC President shoot the ABC executive a long look . ABC executive ( cont 'd ) I would like butter pecan with sprinkle please . ext . stage Kermit get a call . in the background we see beaker spin plate on stick . split screen between he and the ABC executive . ABC executive hey , so I be just check to see how it 's all go ? beaker have a dozen plate spin . he put one final plate on top and the whole thing come crash down on he . kermit it 's go great ! really great ! ABC executive so , who 's go to be host ? kermit iam . like always . ABC executive that 's adorable . no , seriously . who 's go to host it ? we need a celebrity . pronto . otherwise I be get fire . ( more ) 62 . ABC executive ( cont 'd ) and just to reiterate , if I get fire you be all go down with I . I mean it . get a star . now . also , have you book a audience ? int . tex richman 's los angele office - continuous tex richman and bobo ride on the top of a double decker tour bus through Los Angeles . bobo wear spy headphone and hold a antenna . bobo they need to find a celebrity to host they show or ABC will not broadcast it ! tex richman perfect ! all we gotta do be run a little interference ! they be gonna have a harder time find a real celebrity than dance with the star !!! ext . movie premiere at mann 's chinese - day this be a movie premiere for the film '' michael clayton 2 : this time it 's less complicate and have more action . '' George clooney pose for paparazzi on the red carpet . Dr. teeth and electric mayhem be pretend to be paparazzi and cameramen . GEORGE clooney it be really satisfy to revisit the role of Michael Clayton . janice ( pose as a reporter ) so , like , be it true that due to you , like , total and complete love of charity you be go to be host the muppet benefit ? GEORGE clooney wait a minute . you be not with telemundo . janice ( bat she eye at he ) like , que senor clooney ? tex richman , dress like a agent , whisper something in clooney 's ear . 63 . GEORGE clooney no can do . you be not famous anymore . it 's just not good for my career . sgt . floyd pepper do not stop you from do leatherhead !! George clooney whisper something in tex 's ear . tex richman Security ! int . kermit 's mansion quick cut of walter try to imitate different muppet talent : stunt like gonzo , piano like rowlf , a fashion show like piggy . int . mr. chow 's -— lunchtime Jack Black , Ben stiller , mel brook and Steve carell be all eat lunch . a plate arrive . the waiter take the top off the dish revealing pepe the King prawn . reveal the waiter be sweetum . pepe the prawn you guy wanna be in a big muppet benefit ? steve / BEN uh no . / not in a million year . a second plate be put down on the table . Jack lift the hood off . Kermit 's on the second plate . kermit c'mon , Jack . you seem like someone who love fun ? jack black I would do it if you be famous . or if it would somehow benefit I personally . mel brooks I will do it . I love a live show . kermit thanks a lot , mister , but we need big star . 64 . mel brook motion to a waiter , tex richman in disguise and whisper in he ear . tex richman security !!! kermit I do not realize chinese restaurant have security . a bunch of ninjas drop down and pull they away . int . kermit 's mansion walter try play saxophone . it sound awful int . dressing room Sarah jessica parker be change into couture when miss piggy slide in under the door . miss piggy hello lover . sarah jessica parker security !!!! tex richman dressed as security grab piggy . int . jamba juice - day jon favreau and Vince Vaughn sit have smoothies . both be dress very casually , jon read the paper and have a baby in a stroller next to he . vince vaughn I think there 's pineapple in this Super citrus blast . I be just say , if there 's pineapple , tell a guy . when I think of citrus , pineapple do not immediately jump to mind . rizzo the rat approach dress in a very '' swinger '' black suit and tie . rizzo smoothie , baby . smoothie . it 's I . rizzo ! c’mon ! rizzo the Rat baby ! remember , swinger ?! I be just head to Vegas , baby , yeah . 65 . jon favreau I can not go to Vegas . swinger be ten vear ago ! I be marry now . I be a director . I have two kid . vince vaughn I ’1ll go to Vegas . rizzo vinnie , let I ask you , you wanna host we benefit show on Saturday ? vince vaughn I can not , I be gonna be in Vegas . rizzo C ’mon jonny Boy ! what do you say Big man ? jon favreau do you just call I big man ? I be on a juice diet now !! security !!!!! reveal : tex richman make a smoothie . he snap he finger and jamba juice security swoop in and tackle rizzo . ext . office build - day gonzo and camilla sit in a small citroen with sunglass on . Matt damon walk out of the office . gonzo get out of the car and walk up to he . gonzo Mr. damon ! interested in do a benefit ? Matt damon turn and take off . gonzo give chase . damon climb up a nearby fire escape . gonzo run up it to . suddenly we be in a full scale bourne-style movie with crazy jump cut . they get to the roof and start jumping from roof top to roof top . damon , use elegant parkour , jump down between two building and land on the ground to be confront by a screeching car be drive by camilla . damon run over the car . gonzo jump off the building and splat on the ground . he shake himself off and give chase . now suddenly we 're in a Morocco - like place . damon turn a corner to be confront by beaker and honeydew on motorcycle . they drive up the stair . damon smashes through a window and turn to see gonzo there . matt damon ( out of breath ) Security . 66 . tex richman and several guard surround gonzo . int . copy catz scooter go into copy katz to pick up the flier . scooter hey , my name 's scooter . I just come to pick up we flier . the copy katz employee turn around to reveal a disguise tex richman . tex richman here 's you sweet , sweet flier . meeeow help you with anything else ? maniacal laugh ! scooter look at he sceptically . tex hand the box to scooter . scooter walk off , confuse . ext . hollywood blvd scooter hand out the flier to tourist , local and a guy dress in the dirty spiderman costume . scooter come to see the muppet reunite ! this Sunday at 7pm ! people be take the flier . zoom in on the flier . the flier actually say '' Monday at 2 am at the Dubai International Convention Center . '' int . nice restaurant - night Mary and Gary sit across from each other at a fancy restaurant . both be dress up and look great . gary you look beautiful . I be sorry I have not be around lately but , well , happy anniversary . mary to you as well . so ...how 's you duet practice go ? 67 . gary good ... you know . miss piggy can be a bit of a handful but we be get through it . I sure miss you though , I nil tell you that . she smile and they hold hand . the maitre ' D approach the table with a break arm . maitre do welcome back , Sir . out of curiosity , will miss piggy be join you again ? I only ask because I do not want to run out of truffle again . gary ( catch ) no . it 's just the two of we . actually , it 's we anniversary . he leave . Mary stare at Gary . gary ( cont ’d ) we be just pick up food for everyone . then piggy want to have some truffle and next thing I know it be three hour later and the local supply of truffle have run dry . mary I do not know Gary . I do not want to do this , especially not on we anniversary but ... it just seem like you do not even think about I anymore . this be suppose to be we anniversary vacation and I feel like I have just disappear for the last thirty minute of the movie . Gary look a bit guilty . gary I understand . but , I mean ... it 's not like I write it . Mary look at Gary , who look down guiltily . gary ( cont 'd ) I understand . I just could not have anticipate any of this would happen . but I promise you , you be the number one thing in my life . 68 . tex richman in disguise approach hold a magazine . tex richman in disguise sorry to bother you , but I be hope I could have you autograph . gary me. sure , but ... why ? tex richman in disguise you be miss piggy 's new man ! he plop the tabloid mag down on the table which have a headline - miss piggy 's new man !!! it have photo of Gary squiring piggy around town to find a dress . gary I can explain ! his phone ring . he look down and see the caller id read LA county jail . he answer . gary ( cont ’d ) hello ? piggy !?! what be you ... you be where ?!?! all of you ? okay I 'il be right down !! Gary hang up and turn to Mary to explain , only to find that she be gone . she 's leave a present . Gary open it . it 's a frame photo of Mary , Gary and walter . int . jail - night we pan down the hallway of the jail peer through the cell where we muppet sit , deject . we continue pan until we reach the final cell where charle grodin sit , still incarcerate from '' the great muppet caper . '' int . jail a guard walk down the hall . prison guard alright , you be free to go . you have be bail out . the cell door be open and we muppet make they way out . Charles grodin see piggy as she exit . charle grodin it 's you ! piggy ! I never think I would see you again !!! come back ! ( more ) 69 . charle grodin ( cont 'd ) we can still make bacon together !!! it 's fate !!! she see he and quickly turn to the gang . miss piggy go. move ! move it along !!!!! charle grodin at least I ’m not a rat !! rizzo cross back into frame . rizzo I resent that ! int . kermit 's mansion - night we gang sit around look to Kermit for inspiration . gonzo so we could not get any big star , what do we do now Kermit ? fozzy bear yeah Kermit ! we need a idea fast ! Kermit rise . a long beat . he look like he might cry . kermit ( sadly ) we give up . everyone gasp in shock . kermit ( cont 'd ) we try . we try everything we could think of . I be sorry if I let you guy down , but I guess ... well I guess this be the end of the muppet . I love you guy , but I do not know what else to do . Kermit turn and walk out of the room , beat . ext . kermit 's mansion —- continuous Kermit walk out onto he patio and gaze out at the full moon sadly . star twinkle behind he . from behind , we watch Kermit wipe a tear from he eye . 70 . int . kermit 's mansion - continuous we deject heroes sit in shock at they leader 's surrender . a long moment of silence . finally , miss piggy rise and walk out the glass door onto the veranda . ext . kermit 's mansion —- continuous miss piggy see Kermit and walk towards he . she take a place next to he and the two stand , back to camera , frame the full moon . they stare at it in silence for a beat , then miss piggy turn to Kermit who continue gaze at the sky . miss piggy Kermit . I have never see you like this . it kill I to see you so sad . and do you know why ? because I love you Kermie , not just as a frog , but as a friend . and it 's not just I . it 's all of we . we look up to you . we need you . so do not give up . because this past few day . well they have be the best few day we have have since we have be apart . Kermit , you be the best thing I have ever know . Kermit turn to piggy and the two stand in profile . music up : marvin gaye 's version of '' I be you puppet . '' Kermit and piggy gaze into each other eye . they should kiss . then : kermit you're right piggy save the studio !!! ! we 've got to int . kermit 's mansion - continuous we deject gang sit in the live room , as Kermit come racing through and head out the front door . kermit it 's time to get we big star and save the studio ! the gang all cheer and follow . once the live room be empty , piggy cross frame after they , slowly and annoyed . 71 . ext . jack black house - night Kermit , alone , walk tentatively to the front door and ring the bell . finally , the door open revealing Jack Black in he pajamas with a guitar hero guitar around he neck eat a sandwich . jack black Kermit ? what be you do here ? kermit I just want to talk to you about the benefit show -- jack black ( cut he off ) --- I be sorry Kermit . I think we discuss this . and as you can see , I be kind of busy eat this sandwich . I gotta go . miss piggy ( 0.s. ) now !!!!! we see that miss piggy , dress like a cat burglar , be stand on the roof of Jack 's house . she leap off and land on Jack Black , toppling he . all of the muppet swoop in on rope , motorcycle and jetpack , dressed in all black , and restrain jack with rope and a gag . this should be as violent as our rating will allow !! piggy leave the fray and approach Kermit as the gang subdue Jack . miss piggy ( cont ’d ) you do it Kermie !! kermit no , we ... miss piggy shhhh . music up : I ’m you puppet ( marvin gaye ) piggy and Kermit stand face to face , frame the violent kidnap of Jack Black . a long beat as they stare into each other 's eye . piggy lean in for a kiss . kermit panic . kermit ummm . .... peanut ! !!! he join the fray , leave piggy stand alone , pucker . 72 . miss piggy ( angry ) that 's it frog !!! never again !!!! never again !!!!! she walk off and spot Gary sit on the curb look at something . she go and sit next to he . miss piggy ( cont ’d ) he make I so angry sometimes . Gary look at she sadly , then look back at the frame photo of Mary in he hand . miss piggy take this in and steal off without he notice . int . SMALL town elementary Mary be at she desk as she class take a quiz when a invite be slip under door . she open the invite . it read '' Ms. Mary gregg and her class be invite to see the muppet perform as a guest of Gary Stevens . '' she open the door . piggy be stand there waiting , dressed to the nine . mary oh. hello . miss piggy May I come in ? mary um. alright . do you just slip this letter under the door ? miss piggy perhaps . mary how do you get here ? miss piggy I may or may not have borrow someone 's jet without ask . mary Kermit ? miss piggy perhaps ( she enter ) perhaps . I have come to talk to you about you boyfriend ... what 's he name again ? ah yes , that 's it , carey . 73 . mary Gary . miss piggy Gary . indeed . listen carey , I think there have be a misunderstanding . mary Mary . miss piggy piggy . miss piggy . and you see carey , I know that you and carey have be have some problem . and I know that I may be somewhat at fault for say problem so I just want you to know , I have no interest in carey whatsoever . mary Gary . miss piggy piggy . listen dear , I know we get off on the wrong hoof , and I understand you jealousy , I really do , but if you must know , there be only one out there for I ... mary Kermit ? miss piggy I can not say ! but what I can say , carey , be that carey be a good man , and you must not let my beauty , fame or talent get in the way of the love you share . we be strong woman you and I , and woman like we must stick together . perhaps this be best express in a female power anthem . insert '' woman in a man 's world '' , a dolly parton - esque song between piggy and Mary as the class watch on . CUT to : int . dressing room - night Jack Black , in a tuxedo , be bound and gag in a chair . scooter enter enthusiastically . 74 . scooter five minute to curtain Mr. Black !!! Jack writhes in he chair and try to yell through the gag . scooter ( cont ’d ) can I get you anything ?!?! ( off Jack 's grunt ) sound great . good luck out there !!! scooter exit . int . walter 's dressing room - night walter 's get make up do as Gary sit on the couch . gary so , be you good to go , buddy ? what 's you act gonna be ! I be die to know !?! be you excited !?! walter totally . I mean , there 's go to be so many people out there , hundred of people , but that 'il just make it more fun , right ? right , totally . walter start shaking . gary be you shaking ? walter no . just do a little pre- performance loosen up . probably should loosen up my tooth as well . walter 's tooth start nervously chatter . int . muppet show theater - audience area angle on statler and waldorf in the balcony statler well someone really clear the room . waldorf I wish we would get the message ! 75 . pull back to reveal there 's no audience . the ABC executive walk in and be horrify . she run backstage . int . backstage the ABC executive walk up to Kermit and scooter . ABC executive we have a problem . no audience . kermit scooter , do you remember to pass out the flier ? scooter of course . we give they all out . Kermit look at the flier . kermit the time of the show ... it 's wrong ! Dubai !! that 's a totally irrational location for a muppet reunion !! int . dubai arena - night Quick shot of a completely pack stadium in Dubai fill with Middle Eastern muppet fan . people be get restless . int . muppet studio LA brea - back to present kermit it will be ok . we will think of something . ABC executive hey , totally cool . just keep in mind , I go down you go down . int . stage - behind the curtain Kermit stand before all the muppet . kermit so we have encounter a tiny little totally not a big deal obstacle which be that we lack a audience . the muppet get upset , although walter 's relieved . 76 . fozzie bear next time try sugarcoate it a little ! kermit you guy still want to do this ? walter put on a muppet show be not about fame and fortune -- miss piggy speak for yourself . fozzie bear it 's about laughter -- rowlf and music -- miss piggy and be beautiful and glamorous -- gonzo and set fire to yourself -- animal and smash ... flute -- SAM the eagle and wave a flag majestically -- dr . bunsen honeydew and advance the cause of science - beaker meep meep meep meep meep swedish chef and florgy borg borg -- kermit so , what do you say ? the muppet all look to each other consider . smile creep onto they face . scooter run in . scooter some people just come in ! the muppet poke they head out of the curtain to see Mary and she class sit down . the rest of the audience be empty . Gary 's eye light up . 77 . int . dark and gloomy basement room - evening scooter 's on camera . scooter and we have get three second till we air , and three , two , one -- pan to Kermit . kermit it 's the best muppet show benefit ever make with we special guest , Jack Black ! whip pan to Jack Black who 's tie up in a chair . jack black I be be hold under duress ! please release I ! Mary and she class laugh . jack black ( cont 'd ) stop laugh ! I be not kid ! they have kidnap I ! angle on statler and waldorf sitting in there usual seat in the balcony . statler the only way you have get I to watch this junk be if you kidnap I as well ! muppet show theme start playing . the wall of the dark and gloomy basement room fall down revealing a stage . we see a shot for shot remake of the classic open of the muppet show , except that Jack Black be tie up in every shot and there be no audience ( except for Mary and she class ) . int . walter' dressing room - continuous walter watch the show on he monitor , much more confident now that there 's no audience . Gary , in a tuxedo , check in . gary you feel a little better ? walter yeah . I mean there 's basically no audience . so I be ready to perform . 78 . int . muppet show stage - moment later Kermit stand center stage . kermit and so once this graph -- Dr. honeydew pull a curtain revealing a giant light up graph shape like a oil fountain . kermit ( cont 'd ) -- hit ten million viewer we get to keep the studio !!! Mary and she class clap . kermit ( cont 'd ) right now we be at five hundred viewer . only 9999500 viewer leave to go ! and by the way ... we have plenty of room here in the audience ... ( swing to empty audience ) .»». so if you wanna come down and see the show live ... well , we have get room for you !! Kermit turn to Jack Black . kermit ( cont 'd ) so , Jack Black , be you excited or what ? waldorf or what ! waldorf and statler laugh . jack black please somebody , anybody call the police ! this be real rope ! I be really tie up here ! Mary and she class laugh at he antic . int . tex richman 's super high tech nerve CENTER - night tex richman and he underling sit before a bank of monitor . the graph of viewer watch the muppet show be very low . 79 . tex richman five hundred viewer ?! if it stay that low , they will not air but five minute . turn out America do not care about talk feel ! bobo look hurt . bobo well , I be technically talk feel . tex richman ( sarcastic ) do I hurt feeling ? sorrry ! int . muppet show stage gonzo walk on . a background drop that say in giant letter the amazing gonzo . gonzo prepare yourselves , lady and germ , for gonzo 's most amazing feat next . head bowl ! reveal that Jack have a pin on he head and gonzo 's hold a bowl ball . jack black I have not sign off on this ! gonzo drumroll please ! sfx : Animal play the flute . gonzo ( cont 'd ) and a one ! and a two ! and a ... gonzo spin the bowl ball around and around . gonzo ( cont 'd ) ... three ! Jack flinch as gonzo try to let the bowl ball go . his arm be now spin wildly around and around in a circle . Jack flinch . he remain flinch and then open he eye . gonzo ( cont 'd ) my finger get stick . one sec . jack black please make this end ! please ! 80. gonzo here we go ! Jack flinch . gonzo 's arm continue to spin in circle . gonzo ( cont 'd ) false alarm . int . normal american live room a family stare bored at '' soyburger and number . '' the mother start channel surfing . she hit the muppet . the little girl start laugh joyfully at the antic . int . tex richman 's super high tech nerve CENTER the graph of viewer watch the muppet show move up . bobo Sir , we have a problem . tex richman just a commercial break . nothing to worry about . int . GEORGE clooney 's mod house - day George clooney be watch television on a enormous flat screen and flipping through the channel . he land on gonzo spin the bowl ball as Jack Black flinch . the entire audience laugh hysterically . George clooney laugh and then look angry . George clooney pick up the phone and dial . GEORGE clooney why be I not a part of the greatest muppet benefit ever ? Jack Black be kill . int . muppet show theater - audience area people stream into the audience , fill it up . int . walter 's dressing room - night Gary poke he head in . walter could not be more relaxed . gary great news ! the theater 's pack ! 81. walter instantly start shaking , turn to Gary . walter oh. great . you know , if you would not mind , I think I just need a second alone ? just to get excited . gary of course , buddy . everything will be great ! and just so you know ... I be nervous too . walter who say anything about be nervous ? walter try in vain not to shake again . Gary smile reassuringly and head out . walter start to hyperventilate . walter start run around he dress room in spazzy circle , dash to the window , and crash through it . int . muppet show stage gonzo continue to spin he arm in a circle . jack black just make it end already ! the audience laugh . Kermit step in front of they . kermit we will get to see what happen with head bowl later in the show ! and now fozzie bear ! !!! Jack and gonzo get roll off stage , gonzo 's arm still spin , Jack still flinching . fozzie come onstage . fozzie so glad to see you all make it , especially with the traffic be so bad . you know what I do to get through traffic ? grin and bear it . no one laugh except for the ABC executive who 's have a oddly great time . angle on Kermit get nervous . he and rowlf see sweetum head for the mysterious lever . he look to rowlf at the piano and give he a nod to play he off , but again , rowlf refuse . George clooney suddenly walk past Kermit and onto the stage . angle on fozzie 82 . fozzie ( cont 'd ) be it I or be it get hot in here ? wish I could take off my coat ! waca waca ! George clooney head onstage behind fozzie . the audience cheer and laugh . fozzie smile , think he joke work out . then he turn . fozzie ( cont 'd ) George clooney ! oh my goodness ! you make it !! GEORGE clooney just bear-ily . traffic be grizzly ! waca waca waca !! the crowd erupt in laughter . fozzie wait a minute , I just do almost the same joke ! you x11 laugh at he pun but not mine !?! GEORGE clooney I be a big star fozzie , they 'il laugh at anything I do . fozzie not leatherhead . the crowd erupt in laughter , the ABC exec chief among they . GEORGE clooney geez , will you lay off leatherhead already ?! fozzie what ? you should be happy . that 's the biggest laugh that movie ever get ! the crowd go nut . CUT to a grid of celebrity in they various house watch they television , include CHRIS rock , martin short , jon meyer , norah jone , sarah jessica parker , harrison ford , BEN stiller and really whoever we think we can get , pick up they phone and call they agent . 83 . celebrity clooney 's kill !/ why be I not on this thing ? / I want in !/ I be twice the talent of clooney ! he 's just a pretty face ! pan down a row of house in the suburb as we see television flipping to the muppet show benefit . int . tex richman 's super high tech nerve CENTER the graph of viewer watch the muppet show go higher . tex richman what ? people be actually watch this . that can not be . ( then , epiphany ) I get it ! bobo ! check to see if I own the network ! int . muppet show stage gonzo be surround by Dr. honeydew , Kermit , the ABC executive and several muppet doctor who be try to detach the bowl ball from he rapidly spin arm . he knock a few of the doctor away . Jack be still tie up in he chair , flinching . jack black could you at least move I away from the trajectory of the bowl ball ? please ? angle on the cameras as the camera man shut they down . Kermit run up to they . kermit what be you do ? cameraman the owner of the network , tex richman , want we to shut down . sorry . let 's go , boy . the cameramen leave . the ABC executive run on . ABC executive not to fear ! I be personally turn they back on . kermit but if you go down -- 84 . ABC executive -- then at least I will have see a great show . several muppet run to the camera and flip they back on . pepe the prawn do you know how to work one of this thing ? ABC executive I do not know how to make television . I be just a tv executive , but we will figure it out . int . live room - continuous Kermit reappear on the television . the camera work be terrible . half Kermit 's head be off screen . kermit sorry about that little technical difficulty ! now let 's give a round of applause for Dr. teeth and electric mayhem !!! int . tex richman 's super high tech nerve CENTER tex richman and bobo be in the nerve center . bobo they be back on the air ! and as hilarious as ever ! tex shoot bobo a look . bobo ( cont ’d ) I mean , and as annoying and terrible as ever . tex richman only one thing to do now . tex pull out wire cutter . tex richman ( cont ’d ) get up on the roof and shut they down . time to mothball this feel - brain moron . bobo look upset . they leave the high tech nerve center 85 . ext . oscar meyer weiner mobile - continuous -- and we reveal the high tech nerve center somehow fit inside a oscar meyer weiner mobile that 's park right outside the muppet studios . ext . muppet studio roof - night they get up to the giant antennae . tex take he giant wire cutter out and raise they like he 's make a toast . tex richman to the end of puppet , muppet and marionette and to the sip of tasty tasty Texas teal !!! bobo grab the wire cutter and toss they away . tex richman ( cont ’d ) what be you do ? bobo enough be enough , tex . tex richman enough be never enough , see !? and do not forget about the tea ! the delectable black tea ! bobo it be true , tex . I do love oil . but I be a muppet in my heart . and I promise , you will always remember how this '' feel ! '' tex richman what do that mean ? bobo it 's a pun ! bobo hit tex off the roof . int . muppet musical stage - continuous the band be about to play when jon meyer , bruce springsteen and norah jone join they . bruce springsteen would you mind very much if we join you ? 86 . dr . teeth if you have to . Animal , you sure you do not want to play drum ? animal can not ... touch ... drum . drum bad ! flute good ! dr . teeth they be here if you want ‘em . ( to Bruce , jon and norah ) just follow my lead . keep the vocal tight and splashy . anda one , two , three go !!! they start play . insert song here between jon meyer , bruce springsteen and norah jone . int . backstage - continuous fozzie come up to rowlf , still a tiny bit defensive . fozzie bear well . you do not have to play I off this time ! rowlf walk over to the mysterious lever back stage . rowlf I would never do anything to hurt you old friend . that 's why I play you off that day . this lever open a trap door to a shark tank . the network make we put it in back in the day for act that be not work . fozzie bear what ? a shark tank ? I do not believe you ! fozzie hastily pull the lever . on stage out of our view we hear panic : JOHN mayer ( 0.s. ) oh my GOD !! bruce springsteen fell into a shark tank !!! fozzie look to rowlf gratefully . with scream in the background , they hug . 87 . norah jone ( 0.s. ) ohmigod ! Bruce be literally riding a shark ! he can do anything ! ext . hollywood blvd - night walter run in a blind panic . walter abhhhh ! he stop , out of breath , then start run again . walter ( cont 'd ) ahhhh ! int . muppet show stage montage of act chinese chicken ballet - camilla , a bunch of chicken and barysnikov dance in traditional chinese costume . homemade salsa - the swedish chef dump tomato , onion and hot pepper onto the floor . then he and Rachel Ray do a sultry salsa dance over the ingredient . dinner theater - the curtain rise to reveal a beautifully - set table fill with food muppet ( a muppet bread loaf , a muppet roast with eye , a muppet basket of vegetable . ) they begin perform Romeo and juliet . arnold schwarzenheifer and he operatic mussel - the curtain rise to reveal a pig dress like Arnold schwarzenegger in a terminator - style black leather jacket . he start to sing a aria . he pull off he jacket to reveal he 's cover in muppet mussel , as in the shellfish . they all join in on the aria . angle on the graph : muppet viewer go up and up . int . muppet show theater - audience area Gary run up to Mary and she class . mary what be you do out here ? do not you still have to perform ? gary I want to thank you for come . 88. mary miss piggy invite I . she explain everything . and then we sing about how hard it be to be a woman in a man 's world . it be really inspiring . gary I love you . mary and I love you . Mary and Gary kiss . angle on the curtain : Kermit , peer from behind the curtain , see they kissing and realize Gary 's not dating piggy . int . backstage - continuous Kermit look from Mary and Gary kissing to piggy who stare dramatically at a beautiful sunset and ocean vista as a wind gently blow she hair . Kermit nervously goe over to she . reveal that she 's stand in front of a ocean vista set and that a fan be point she way . miss piggy what do you want ? kermit listen piggy . I have be do some think . fozzie bear caw caw . reveal fozzie stand there . Kermit and piggy turn to he . kermit what be that ? fozzie bear a seagull . to increase the romantic atmosphere . Kermit and piggy stare at he until he leave . kermit and , well ... I be just wonder if maybe , you might want to ... 89 . miss piggy I will not sing we duet . I just can not bare the heartache any longer . fozzie bear ( return ) I can bear it ! waca waca miss piggy / kermit privacy !!!/ you already did that joke ! ! fozzie leave again . kermit it 's not about the duet . I have miss all of you so much . but the person I miss the most be you . I have rather be legless than not be with you . miss piggy you 'il move to Paris ? Kermit nod . piggy leap up excitedly !!! miss piggy ( cont ’d ) oh kermie !!! Music up : open strain of I be you puppet . they gaze into each other 's eye . Kermit lean in and kiss miss piggy as the music begin to swell . Kermit extend he hand . piggy throw off she rope revealing the most beautiful gown a pig have ever wear . she take he hand . they walk a few step hand in hand . then : miss piggy ( cont ’d ) ( scream ) sorry gary ! I ’m do my duet with kermit !!! she smile at Kermit and they walk out of frame together . int . muppet show stage - night the curtain open . Kermit 's in a tux on a crescent moon piece with miss piggy in a chiffon bridal gown . the band start play , Animal still not at the drum . miss piggy and Kermit sing '' I ’m you puppet . '' the graph spike to 9.5 million viewer !!! the audience clap . Gary and Mary watch on smile . 90 . gary I should go check on walter ! he 's up next ! they peck and he head backstage . int . walter 's dressing room Gary open the door . walter 's go , the window break . gary oh no . Kermit arrive , excited . kermit alright !!! it 's time for the big closer , be he ready ?? Kermit see the break window and scream !!! gary he must have get stage fright ! kermit ( to Gary ) we have get to find he ! let 's split up ! go! go ! ( Gary exit , then to scooter ) find someone to fill ! we have almost make it !!! scooter but sir , we be run out of star ! we be really scraping the bottom of the barrel now !!!! angle on bill hader about to go onstage . bill hader I hear that . ext . bus stop - night walter stop run and stop in front of a electronics store with several television in the window play the muppet benefit show . gary ( 0.s. ) what be you do , walter ? gl . walter turn to find Gary run up to he . walter how do you find I ? gary this be where people always go when they be run away from a personal challenge . see ? reveal that there 's a woman dress as the witch from wick , conan o’brien and a guy in a Jack in the box uniform . witch from wicked ( talk to herself ) what if I forget all the lyric ? what then ! ? conan o’brien ( talk to himself ) I just do not know if I can do another show tonight and keep up the quality ! jack in the BOX guy ( talk to himself ) what if I can not master how to make the bbq Bacon sirloin burger ?! back to walter . walter I do not have a act ! I can only go out there if you go with I ! gary be you sure ? I mean this be you big chance ... walter jump onto gary 's arm and slap he . walter I can not handle the pressure !!!!! I can only do it if you be there with I !!! please !!!! gary anything you need buddy . you still remember we routine ? walter I be pretty sure . let 's go ! 92 . Gary and walter turn , revealing that the muppet studios be right behind they . walter ( cont 'd ) it feel like I run way farther . they run into the studio . int . backstage - continuous scooter 's off stage , panicked . fozzie on stage look to scooter and gesture '' what now ? '' scooter look around concerned , see chef walk by , grab he and push he onstage . int . muppet studio stage - continuous fozzie bear and now , for a encore , the swedish chef ! chef walk on stage tentatively , no act prepare . the graph be holding steady at 9.5 million . no phone ring . chef look around the stage . there 's no cooking equipment set up . he stand there silently . the audience grow impatient . angle on : backstage the muppet look around nervously . in a flash beaker and honeydew quickly wheel the slow motion machine on stage right to chef and quickly turn the dial to '' pasta . '' delicious spaghetti and meatball fly everywhere and chef goe nut . chef flurgy burgy burgy !!!!! the audience applaud . more silence . the graph have not move . then : gary run onstage with walter on he hand and nods to fozzie ! fozzie quickly run to the microphone . fozzie bear now get ready for the biggest event of the night , Gary and we newest muppet , walter !!!!! fozzie clap and walk offstage leave Gary hold walter like a puppet , like the act they do at the beginning of the movie in Venice . they be both in tux . the band begin play . gary we be friend ... 93 . walter oh yes we be friend ... gary until the end ... walter the very end ... gary and nothing , no sir , nothing ... without warning , Gary toss walter off he hand and onto the stage ! in slow motion , walter fly through the air and give Gary a '' what be you do '' look . walter land , limp , on the stage . the audience let out a shocked gasp ! a long silent moment . gary ( cont ’d ) ( sotto to walter ) c'mon , Walt . you can do it . this be you big chance , I be not let you pass it up . Long beat . then walter sit up . walter can tear we apart !!! walter begin tap dance ... incredibly well . the audience applaud loudly . walter ( cont 'd ) I be a dancer ! that 's it !!! my muppet talent be I can dance !!! Gary smile and slowly take a step back to give walter center stage . walter be a brilliant and diverse dancer . he do ballet , then capoeira , then a somersault and a cartwheel . the audience be go nut . as he dance solo come to a end , walter do a stand backflip and land flawlessly right on gary 's hand ! it should look like a mix of cirque de Soleil , stomp and crouch Tiger , Hidden Dragon . walter ( cont 'd ) no nothing ! nothing ! gary can tear ! walter us! 94 . gary / walter apart!i!!t! Gary toss walter up into a triple flip which really just look like someone throw a puppet up into the air . he drop onto the ground on he foot . the crowd goe nut ! phone 's be ringing off the hook ! the graph spike to 9.9 million viewer . the crowd rise to its foot in anticipation as the graph tick closer to 10 million . muppet run on stage exuberantly and hug walter and Gary and each other . gonzo , bowl ball still spin in he arm dance around the stage . suddenly the light go out and house light come on . tex richman have appear on stage . he pull a giant rifle out and point it at Kermit and miss piggy . the graph abruptly stop at 9,999,999 . tex richman I try to negotiate . I try to talk reason . but no , you all have to put on a show and make America fall in love with you all over again . well how 's this for a show , America ? gonzo somebody arrest he ! he 's get a gun ! tex richman I be aim at a pig and a frog ! what they gonna get I for , hunt without a license ?! just as tex be about to pull the trigger the movie freeze . dr . honeydew appear . dr . honeydew we here at muppet lab be aware that puppetry be not the most advanced form of entertainment . his assistant pull the temporal displace Machine on screen . dr . honeydew ( cont 'd ) therefore we now present to you the top secret fourth set of the temporal displacement Machine dial . Dr. honeydew flip the dial past pasta to '' bullet -point - of - View -o -matic . '' 95 . dr . honeydew ( cont 'd ) bullet-point-of-view -o-matic . once the fake Texan pull the trigger , we will go into a exciting computer animated point of view of a slo mo bullet , thus bring you the cut edge of visual stimulus ! back to the action . tex richman if I do not get my oil , then no one do . Dr. honeydew flip on the device and then goe offscreen . tex richman pull the trigger . we go to bullet point of view ie . we be look down the shaft of the rifle at Kermit and miss piggy . everyone be now move in slo-mo . the gun fire ! and the bullet emerge ... as a puppet bullet at the end of a stick with whoosh bullet noise make by the muppet who 's hold the stick . the muppet be move in slomo , but it should be clear that they be pretend to move in slomo . fozzie walk in . fozzie what 's go on guy ? kermit ixnay ormalnay eedspay ! fozzie oh , slo mo bullet pov ! sorry ! fozzie go into slo mo as well , blink . he follow the bullet with he eye , like a bad actor , mouth open , eye super wide . the bullet continue on its trajectory towards Kermit and miss piggy . tex be smile evil -y when gonzo 's bowl ball suddenly fly off he finger and block the bullet ! we resume normal speed ! tex richman what ! no ! tex pump he gun and be about to fire again when piggy karate chop it out of he hand . miss piggy enough of you , mister ! haaay - yaaa the audience cheer . but the graph do not move . fozzie bear what 's happen , why do the graph stop ? 96 . tex richman look like you have run out of viewer - and luck !! and just in time . he motion to a clock on the graph as it tick to midnight . a series of sad buzzer sound go off and the graph flash red muppet nooooooo !!!!!e!! tex richman yeeeee-haaaawwwwwwwwww . the studio be mine see !!!! it 's mine !!!! and so be the muppet !!! you gaggle of misfit will never make anyone not laugh ever again !!!!! the crowd and the muppet be in stunne silence . angle on statler and waldorf . statler waldorf , I do not know what to say . I feel ... sad . waldorf I do not get it ? statler it 's not a sardonic joke , it 's the truth . waldorf oh . ummm . I guess I do to . waldorf begin to cry , follow by statler . the audience also begin to cry . a series of quick shot of home viewer also cry . all of we celebrity back stage be cry . on stage , all of the muppet begin to cry and comfort each other . tex watch on pleased . fozzie , determine , step forward . fozzie bear ( hold back tear ) everyone stop cry ! do not give he the satisfaction ! this be not over ! 97 . tex richman oh it 's as over as barney the dinosaur . nothing you can do . the muppet be do for good !! fozzie bear you might own the studio , and you might own the muppet , but you do not own we friendship and as long as we get that ... well we ’1ll figure something out . I promise you , this be not over ! you mess with the wrong bear ! so do not you worry tex richman , I guarantee '' oil '' be see you very soon !! Long beat as tex richman stare at fozzie . something begin to happen to he face . he look pain . it take a long time , but finally a strange sound emerge from tex ... a laugh . it grow and he begin laugh hard . tex richman ( laugh ) '' oil '' be see you . I get it . because it sound like '' I will be see you '' , but instead you say '' oil '' , because of my obsessive , almost cartoonish love of oil ! I get it !!!! I be laugh !!!! i'm laughing !!!! hahahahah !! '' oil ! I !!! 1 '' hahahahahah tex fall to he knee cry he be laugh so hard . everyone watch on confuse . tex richman ( cont ’d ) ( through tear and laughter ) you make I laugh !!! finally !! thank you !!! keep it !!! you can keep the studio !!! it 's yours !! just keep make I laugh !!! fozzie bear be you kid , we be a '' barrel '' of laugh . tex immediately stop laugh and glare at fozzie . fozzie bear ( cont 'd ) a barrel !? like a barrel of oil ? tex think , then shake he head no . 98 . tex richman do the other one again . fozzie bear oil be see you later ? tex start laugh hard again . tex richman yes !!! that 's the one !!! hahahaha . it 's yours , the studio be yours !! everyone goe nut celebrate ! all the happy SOUND effect go off in the theater !!! miss piggy we do it , kermy ! we do it ! kermit we do do it . and we do it together !!! we 're back !! ( to the muppet ) and if it 's okay with you guy . ( to the audience ) and if it 's okay with all of you , well , we want to bring back the muppet show ! I want to do this every week ! with more act , and more laughter and more fun ! what do you say !?! all the muppet and the crowd erupt in cheer . miss piggy and Kermit hug . the muppet go into a final giant musical number . together again ! !!!! muppet ( sing ) together again !!! ain 't it good to be together again ! !!!! etc ..... the music end . except for the drum . angle on animal who be play the drum . muppet ( cont ’d ) ( sing ) together again ! Animal will not stop play the drum . muppet ( cont ’d ) ( sing ) ai not it good to be ...! Animal still will not stop play . 99 . kermit I think we be do here , Animal . dr . teeth do not touch he . he 's work something out . animal ah ! ahhhh ! drum take hold !!!! Animal 's go crazy on the drum . Animal pound on the drum so hard he start to bash he way through the drum and into the ground . he 's digging a hole with the drum . kermit someone stop he ! mortar and brick fly out of the hole as Animal dig himself deeper and deeper . then silence ... animal uh oh . there 's a unearthly shaking and suddenly ... animal ( cont 'd ) oil . Animal shoot out of the whole on a fountain of oil . ext . muppet studio - continuous the fountain of oil shoot through the roof , Animal riding the top of it . animal ayayayayayayaaaaaa ! 1 !!! int . muppet show stage - continuous the muppet run this way and that . oil fountain start bursting through the floorboard . chaos. ext . los angele in we one or maybe two cgi shot in the entire film , we see a wide shot of Los Angeles , oil fountain explode ridiculously high into the air under the muppet Studio . 100 . ext . muppet studio - night the gang celebrate under the sweet , sweet oil . GEORGE clooney I love that whole kidnap bit . how would you think of it ? jack black that be no bit . I be kidnap . I be scared for my life . GEORGE clooney ( laugh ) you be a crack up . you and you family should come out to Lake como . we will drink chianti on jet skis . we pan to tex richman in handcuff . a businessman come up to he . businessman I represent the shareholder of richman oil . you be hereby relieved of you duty as ceo . tex richman what ? why ? all I live for be tasty , tasty oil ! businessman because instead of do the work that be a ceo of a global multinational corporation require , you spend all you time in disguise try to get the oil that 's under the muppet studio . you realize there 's only like twenty barrel down there ? as he say that the oil fountain immediately dry up . businessman ( cont 'd ) good day , tex . angle on walter , Gary , piggy and Kermit . kermit terrific dance , walter . one of the best muppet performance I have ever see !! we have be really happy if you want to join we on the muppet show ! 101 . beat ... walter peaaaaaaaaaaaaa ... almond ! miss piggy at least he 's move onto a different kind of nut . Kermit and miss piggy head off . Mary show up . mary amazing , guy . really amazing . gary / walter it be all he . / it be all he . mary walter , I have a friend I have like to introduce you to . we meet in the lady room . she could not stop talk about you act . from behind Mary step a pink replica of walter . penelope hi. I be penelope . walter pleasure to meet you . I be walter . penelope ( shaking ) pppppp ... penelope ! I be a big fan . pppppp .... penelope !! against the full moon , Gary and Mary kiss . we pan past they to Kermit and miss piggy kissing , to gonzo and camilla the Chicken kissing to the swedish chef and Rachel Ray kissing . a photographer run in front of all the muppet . we recognize he as the same photographer who take the fated '' time '' picture year ago . photographer Kermit ! a picture ! Kermit shake he head no . kermit sorry sir . not this time . not without my friend . the muppet all look to each other and smile . they gather and put they arm around each other . 102 . rizzo ( as he bite into some ) say cheese !!!!! flash . we gang , together , smile . paper up : the muppet be back !!! back to live : the muppet hug and celebrate . we pull up for a final crane shot when the mahna mahna creature jump into frame and we pull back to closeup . mahna mahna manamana ! the two snowth pop into frame . snowth doo doo da da da ! mahna mahna manamana ! snowth doo doo doo doo ! we close with a montage of everyone in the film , muppet , actor , celebrity , crew , etc. sing manamana with mahna mahna . fade out .