desperate hour by E. Nicholas mariani September 13th , 2011 " one man with courage make a majority . " -- Andrew Jackson over black ; the sound of howling wind build with music , grow louder and louder as the follow word appear : autumn , 1918 . the deadly year in american history be draw to a close . at home , more than 675,000 people have die from Spanish influenza ; a devastating plague that will ultimately claim more than 50 million life around the world . this word fade . replaced by : in Europe , soldier fight in the brutal trenches of World War I have perish at a rate unrivale in modern warfare . that fortunate enough to see armistice Day have start to come home ... only to discover they community in ruin . this word fade . replaced by : the nation be in mourn , more people have die in the past twelve month than in all american war combine . in many part of the country , school and church remain close and public gathering , even funeral , be strictly prohibit . this word fade . replaced by : it be a dark , terrible time ... for everyone . the wind and music continue to build . finally , they crescendo together , like the cry of ghost in agony -- CUT to : ext . sullivan ranch -- dawn and then -- suddenly -- everything be quiet and peaceful . the sun rise over a distant ridge , revealing a lonely ranch nestle in the valley far below . this place feel safe and remote ; a tiny island in a ocean of green , far away from the horror of the world . int . sullivan house -- bedroom -- continuous frank sullivan ( 45 ) wake up and slowly climb out of bed . he struggle at first ; stiff and sore . once a rugge cowboy , Frank be now approach middle - age in the 20th century ; a man use up and no longer relevant . but there be power in he , yet . a lifetime of farming have leave he body in better shape than most man half he age . Frank make he way through the quiet house ; sad and lonely -- picture of he family ( wife , daughter , & son ) decorate every room and line every hallway . but they be nowhere to be see . Frank Sullivan be all alone . int . sullivan house -- kitchen -- morning Frank brews a pot of coffee and fix some breakfast , listen to the silence as it weigh heavy all around ... in a nearby window , a gold STAR banner shine brightly in the morning sun ; a timeless symbol of sacrifice and loss . in addition , two black silk crepe hang over the front door , let we know death have visit this house recently . and on more than one occasion . ext . sullivan ranch -- late morning Frank be hard at work , repair a break fence . each hammer strike echoe and fade , the only sound for mile ... Frank suddenly hear a distant rumbling . he slowly look up -- a model-t ford appear over the hill , bounce along at ten mile a hour . Frank squint , recognize the driver -- frank for God 's sake ... the car pull over and come to a stop . tom donovan ( 40s ) climb out , wear a sheriff 's uniform -- tom heya , Frank ... frank finally buy one , huh ? tom Nah , belong to the city . be mayor have its perk . you should come into town more often . they outnumber horse , now . frank that 's not something I care to see . ( then , notice ) what 's with the uniform ? Tom glance at he shirt as he pop the trunk of he car ... Tom bend tom oh , yeah ... guess you would not have hear . I take over for Bill Stevens after he pass . frank you be the sheriff , now ? tom just until they find a replacement . frank I do not realize it be legal to hold two public office . tom it probably be not . over and lift out a large birthday present -- frank what the hell be that ? tom think I have forget ? frank think I need a reminder ? tom you know , a simple ' thank you 's would do . this be not the easiest place to get to . Frank nod and reluctantly take the package -- Tom shut frank it 's heavy ... tom yeah , it 's a nice gift , Frank . the trunk and turn to face he friend . beat . frank you drive all the way up here just to give I this ? tom seem like a good time to stop by , see how you be do ... frank and how be I do ? tom I do not know . you tell I . Frank hesitates , not sure what to say . frank you wanna cup of coffee before head back ? tom ( a moment , then ) sure , that have be great . int . sullivan house -- moment later Frank set the birthday present down on the kitchen counter and start to brew another pot of coffee ... Tom stand nearby , he eye quietly roam -- he see the gold STAR banner hang in the window . and two black silk crepe drape across the front door ... and then Tom notice a military sword mount in a glass case ; sheathed and lock away ... from a era long ago -- tom ' get that in Cuba ? Frank look up as he pour some coffee . finally , he nod -- tom ( cont 'd ) ' think so . you ever hear from any of the old guy ? Frank shake he head as he walk across the room ... tom ( cont 'd ) I , neither . too bad . I hear Roosevelt 's not do well . ( take the coffee ) thanks ... Tom take a sip and nearly spit it out -- tom ( cont 'd ) God , that 's awful ... frank I know . I do not make it as good as Emily use to . Tom hesitates , then take another sip ... this time without complaint . he nod at the birthday present -- tom C ’mon , open it . Frank take a deep breath and tear away the wrapping paper ...- revealing a brand new victrola phonograph -- tom ( cont 'd ) you see this thing ? everyone 's get ‘em . here , let I show you ... Tom place a record on the wheel and lower the needle ... softly , suddenly -- music fill the house it float down empty hallway and creep into vacant room , hang gently in the air beside picture and portrait of people who have leave , never to return . Frank 's eye well with emotion -- frank Emily and I use to dance to this . tom I know . think you have like it . get ya some other , too ... Tom hand over a collection of record . Frank shuffles through the title , stop at one in particular -- after you've gone by marion Harris Frank stare at the record , suddenly overwhelm . he look up at he friend and finally say -- frank thank you , Tom . Tom slowly nod as the song come to a end . he carefully lift the needle and silence fill the room . frank ( cont 'd ) what 's new in town ? tom you mean besides the horseless carriage ? a lot , actually . most of the construction that be go on before the flu hit start up again . think the car 's impressive ? you should see some of this building that be go up . the world 's change before we very eye . I still can not believe it ... frank ' quarantine lift ? tom yeah , couple month ago . store be back in business . Church be in session . even re-opene the school . ( off Frank 's look ) rosaleigh 's teach class until they find a replacement . frank it 's always amazing to see how quickly people move on ... tom nobody 's forget Emily , Frank . the kid tell rosaleigh everyday how much they miss she . Frank slowly nod , then find the courage to ask -- frank how 's the rest of you family ? tom ( hesitates ) they be fine . everyone 's fine . I be about scared to death when rosaleigh get sick , but ... she pull through . ' seem to be get stronger everyday . and Edward 's due in on Sunday ... frank ( a moment , then ) that 's great , tom. really . tom eh , we get lucky . I be just glad the trouble be over . frank it 's what we be all praying for . tom yeah ... Tom glance at the gold STAR banner hang in the window . and the silk crepe drape across the front door ... tom ( cont 'd ) ..- it 's just too bad it could not have happen a little sooner . ext . sullivan ranch -- later Frank walk Tom back to he model-t Ford . a cold wind blow through the valley . Tom wince , Frank do not . tom you know ... we be have a little celebration tonight . Dancing . firework . should be a good time . no flu mask allow ... ( beat ) you should come . Frank glance up at the cloud-riddled sky -- frank you may be in for some rough weather ... tom yeah , well ... rain or shine , folk would still love to see ya . ( off Frank 's look ) c'mon , no one should be alone on they birthday . frank I be not much good around people this day , Tom . tom ( disappointed ) alright . it 's a open invitation , in case you change you mind . Frank watch he friend climb back into he car ... frank tell rosaleigh I say thank you for the thoughtful gift . tom tell she yourself . she will be there tonight . just think about it , okay ? Frank hesitates , then finally nod . Tom start the engine , put he car in gear ... and slowly drive away . ext . sullivan ranch -- later the wind blow , rattling branch like skeleton bone . Frank be back at work , torquing a hammer to remove a set of rusty nail ... the hammer 's shaft suddenly snap ! Frank fall to the ground with a dull thud . he sit up , dust himself off ... and stare down at he break tool . ext . sullivan ranch -- stable -- later Frank pull open the door and step inside . a torrent of excited rustling erupt in the stall up ahead ... Frank grab a saddle and walk over to he horse , its tail swishes back and forth in hopeful anticipation ... frank hey , fella ... Frank stroke the animal 's mane , wonder aloud -- frank ( cont 'd ) what do you say ? should we go see what 's new in town ? the horse 's dark milky eye give he the answer -- ext . OPEN range -- later Frank soar across the empty landscape , a expert rider comfortable be a spec in God 's country ... but then , suddenly , he bring he horse to a stop -- the wind blow , carry sound of a modern town just beyond the ridge . Frank hesitates , intimidate ... he slowly ride over the hill , revealing -- ext . MAIN STREET -- continuous a world transformed by asphalt and steel . building be reach skyward , automobile outnumber horse ... Frank take it all in as he make he way into town . his horse sidestep awkwardly , weaving between car ... int . SALOON -- continuous patron fill a modern bar , wear fade jeans and cotton shirt ; as well as a few linger flu mask ... charlie foster and BEN sanderford ( 40s , both '' regular '' ) look up as Frank pass by they window ... charlie you see that ? Ben shrug , dumbfounded . could not be ... could it ? ext . telegraph office -- continuous eli peterson ( 60 ) sit at he desk , quietly work . something outside suddenly catch he eye ... eli set down he pen and go to the window . his eye fill with stoic pain as he watch Frank ride into town ... int . school classroom -- continuous rosaleigh donovan ( 40s , Tom 's wife ) stand before thirty student , write a lesson on the chalkboard ... from the corner of she eye , rosaliegh see Frank 's reflection in the window . the chalk in she hand suddenly break ... student Mrs. donovan ? be you alright ? rosaleigh walk across the room , as if float on eggshell . she peer quietly out the window . and then -- student ( cont 'd ) look ! it 's Mrs. Sullivan 's husband ! the entire class rush to the window -- ext . sheriff' office -- continuous nathan miller ( 18 , town deputy ) come walk down the street with a brand new book tuck under he arm ... patrick bonner ( 32 , town deputy ) wait outside the sheriff 's office . he see he partner approach and nod -- patrick what ya get there ? Nathan smile and hold up the front cover -- attack of the red baron : the adventure continue ! patrick ( cont ’d ) God , not another one . how many of that stupid thing ya gonna buy ? nathan I dunno . I be too young for the draft . sound pretty exciting ... Nathan start flipping through the page . suddenly , Patrick give he a urgent nudge . the young deputy look up -- Frank Sullivan ride by on he horse . the two deputy stare , dumbfounded . then , suddenly , they hear a voice from behind -- 10 . tom ( 0.s. ) what the hell 's go on out here ? Patrick and Nathan both turn to face Tom donovan . beat . nathan hey , sheriff ... or do you still want we to call you ' Mr. Mayor 's ? tom Hell , Nathan , I do not know . you ask I that every day . just call I boss , alright ? ( confused ) what 's everyone look at ? ( then , see Frank ) well , shit . that do not take long . int . leonard duschene 's apartment -- same time leonard duschene ( 28 ) stand in the gloomy shadow of he tiny bedroom , a haunt man live in exile -- he watch Frank stop just outside the sundry store ... ext . sundry store -- same time Frank glance briefly at a silk crepe hang in the window , then open the door and step cautiously inside -- int . sundry store -- moment later propaganda poster still hang on the wall , loom above stack of red baron novel trumpete the glory of war ... Frank ignore they as he head down the aisle . he grab a new hammer off the shelf and walk over to the counter ... kay anderson ( 40s , store owner ) watch Frank approach . she smile sadly through warm , gentle eye -- kay will that be everything , Frank ? frank hello , Kay ... get a newspaper that 's current ? Kay nod and slide one across the counter . Frank glance at the bold headline -- armistice declare ; peace at last ! kay ' guess I do not have to ask if you want to buy war bond , huh ? 11 . Frank slowly shake he head . Kay ring up he total -- kay ( cont 'd ) that 's 1ll be sixty - seven cent . Frank hand she a dollar bill and wait for change ... frank you run the store , now ? kay yeah , since Daniel pass . it 's be hard . but Spencer 's come home soon . so at least I have that to look forward to ... ( then , change subject ) ' come to the celebration tonight ? frank no ... do not think so . kay oh , that 's a shame ... ( as she bag he thing ) May be best , though . they be say a big storm 's head we way ... Frank smile politely and reach for the bag . Kay suddenly tighten she grip , refuse to let go -- kay ( cont 'd ) I be sorry about you boy . you wife and daughter , too . it just be not fair ... what happen to you . Frank slowly nod , then back away and reach for the door . he glance out the window and suddenly stop -- sue fowler ( 40 ) be outside , walk down the street ... ext . MAIN STREET -- moment later she 's a vision of grace and loveliness , greeting everyone with a smile as she make she way through town ... Sue fowler have no idea that she 's be follow . twenty yard back , across the street , Frank Sullivan walk -- he footstep in line with hers -- watch she every move . int . doctor' office -- later Sue fowler , now dress in a white doctor 's coat , come out of the examination room with reverend morgan farley ( 5as ) -- 12 . sue I would not worry about it , Morgan . should clear up in a week or two . reverend farley thanks , Sue . I can always count on you to put my mind at ease . sue it 's not the flu . reverend farley God , what a relief ... they turn a corner and suddenly stop dead in they track ; shocked to see Frank Sullivan stand near the door -- sue Frank ... I do not hear you come in . have you be here long ? frank not really . ( to reverend farley ) how be you , Morgan ? reverend farley I be well , Frank . and you ? Frank hesitates , then shrug . farley step closer -- reverend farley ( cont ’d ) I do not believe we have see each other since you wife and daughter pass . Frank ... I be so sorry . if there 's anything I can do -- frank there be not ... but thank you . reverend farley hesitates , then turn back to Sue -- reverend farley I 'il see you on Sunday , then ? sue ( nod ) bye , Morgan . reverend farley tip he hat and leave . the door close softly behind he . Frank and Sue be alone . beat . sue ( cont 'd ) what be you do here ? 13. frank I be in town . think I have stop by . sue ( a moment , then ) it 's good to see you . ext . MAIN STREET -- moment later reverend farley come outside and walk down the street . he see Tom donovan up ahead and go over to meet he -- reverend farley you be never gonna believe who I just see in Sue fowler 's office . tom Frank Sullivan . ( off farley 's look ) ' saw he ride in . reverend farley I can not even imagine ... ( look up at Sue 's window ) ..- he lose everyone . Tom slowly nod , then glance down the street where a large banner be be hang above the town 's entrance ... reverend farley ( cont ’d ) how 's the new job treat you ? tom eh , fair enough . I just hope thing stay quiet . reverend farley I be sure they will , Tom . after everything we have be through . ( beat ) what could possibly happen , now ? Tom turn and give farley a look : do not tempt fate . int . doctor' office -- examination room -- later Frank sit on a table with he shirt unbuttone . Sue warm she stethoscope and place it over he chest ... this office , like everything else in town , reflect a world in transition ; the old give way to the new . x-ray and microscope , vaccine and aspirin bottle ... all mingle with crude instrument from a earlier time . 14 . sue take a deep breath ... ( Frank inhale / exhales ) how have you be feel ? frank Fine , I guess . sue any symptom I should be worried about . fever ? headaches ? Frank slowly shake he head as Sue listen to he heartbeat , they face just inch apart . Sue suddenly pull away -- sue ( cont ’d ) Roll up you sleeve , please . Frank tug at the arm of he shirt . Sue wrap a blood pressure cuff around he bicep ... frank ' hear you nephew 's come home ... sue my sister tell you that ? frank yeah , just see she . Sue squeeze the pump , tightening around Frank 's arm ... sue you know , I be pretty heartbroken when George and I realize we could not have child . but watch all that mother send they boy off to war ... I do not know ... make I feel like maybe it be a bless in disguise ... ( then , off Frank 's look ) I be happy for she . she could use a little joy . we all could ... Sue check the redial and unfasten the cuff -- sue ( cont ’d ) congratulation , you be in better shape than most teenager . frank I bet you say that to all you patient . 15 . Sue smile and begin to put she thing away ... sue be you worried about anything in particular , Frank ? Frank shrug , something clearly on he mind . Sue glance at the wedding band on he right ring finger -- sue ( cont 'd ) how long have it be ? frank ( a moment , then ) almost a year . Sue step forward , choose she word carefully -- sue I know it 's natural to worry when people you have live with get sick , but if you be not show any symptom by now , then ... frank I be in the clear ? sue in a manner of speak . Frank slowly nod . beat . frank have there be any recent case ? sue not for awhile . thing be get back to normal . sore throat . Broken bone . that sort of thing . frank think you will stay on ? sue I honestly do not know . we will see what happen when the boy come home . it 's one thing for a nurse to take over when all the male doctor have be draft . or kill . but make it permanent be something else entirely . Frank glance across the room , where a portrait of the town 's late physician ( 60 ) still hang on the wall . beat . 16 . frank you should stay . people know you , trust you ... you be good at it . sue thank you , Frank . they sit together in silence and the tension quickly return . suddenly , the sound of distant singing fill the air ... Frank and Sue stand up and go to the window -- a group of civil war veteran ( all 70 ) be stand outside , sing when johnny come marching home ; written by a different generation fight a different war , the lyric seem as timely as ever . this die veteran -- they voice old , but resolute -- bear witness to the most universal of truth : dwell on the past and you will lose a eye . forget the past and you will lose both . sue ( cont ’d ) I remember when you leave with President Roosevelt all that year ago . we sing the same song , then . we have really be through a lot , have not we ? a epidemic and a war .-- all in the same year . frank it 's the way it 's always be ... Frank stare out the window and see eli Peterson on the street . once again , we sense the two man have history ... frank ( cont 'd ) when I be in the Philippines , we lose six man to measle for every one we lose in combat . Soldiers sleep in close quarter . they board train . they travel all over the world . if you want to spread a disease ... all you need be a war . Frank notice the large banner be hang at the edge of town . then he shift he glance to a familiar building -- frank ( cont 'd ) how 's Leonard do ? sue he stay in he room most day . and that seem to suit people just fine . they be still pretty angry . 17 . frank it be not he fault . sue I know . but it 's always easier when there 's someone to blame . I feel sorry for he ... he 's get nobody . Frank glance at Sue , then stare back out the window . beat . sue ( cont ’d ) be it lonesome live all by yourself ? I do not mean to pry , it 's just ... I imagine the solitude would be pretty hard to bear . frank it 's not so bad ... once you get use to the feel . sue you do not live so far away . I could cook you a meal sometime , if you be inclined to accept a invitation ... frank George okay with that ? sue ( hesitates ) he have love to have you . Frank smile , know that 's not true . he glance out the window once more , then cautiously step back -- frank I should go . sue it be good to see you . do not wait so long next time . Frank smile , then step forward and give Sue a gentle hug goodbye . she suddenly wince in pain ... Frank hesitates , then pull at she neckline ... revealing a mottle grey bruise just beneath she shoulder blade . frank goddamnit . sue Frank , please . 18 . frank I think he quit that . Sue pull away and cover herself ... sue he do not know he be hurt I , alright ? he start drink again when he brother die . ( then , off Frank 's look ) you be not the only one who 's lose someone , you know ... frank Sue ... sue Frank , it 's none of you business . just let it be ... she step back , fold she arm ... and finally look at he . sue ( cont 'd ) will there be anything else ? frank no , I guess not . Frank slowly turn and head for the door . Sue watch he ... wishing he would not leave like this -- sue Frank ? Frank stop and look back at she . Sue hesitates , then say -- sue ( cont 'd ) happy birthday . Frank smile , softly . then turn ... and leave . ext . MAIN STREET -- moment later Frank climb back on he horse just as the large banner be unfurl above the town 's entrance -- it 's a triumphant declaration herald the end of war , as well as the heroic return of the town 's soldier son . Frank stare at it for a moment . and then , suddenly , he realize everyone be watch he ... Frank take a final look at the sing veteran . then eli Peterson . and then , finally , he friend Tom donovan . 19 . Frank kick he horse swiftly and gallop away , pass beneath the banner as he ride out of town ... ext . cemetery -- later Frank come to a beautiful clear and tether he horse to a nearby tree . the wind blow , cold and ominous -- Frank take a deep breath , summoning he courage . he place a handkerchief over he face ... and enter the town cemetery -- and now we get a glimpse of the true horror of influenza ; freshly dig grave and unbury casket stack row upon row . headstone mark the remain of young and old , rich and poor .-- all die in the dread plague year of 1918 . Frank make he way through this awful place , finally stop at the grave of he wife and daughter . he stare at he family -- helpless and alone . ext . meadow -- evening dozen of model-t ford park along the meadow 's edge ; they bright headlight pierce the dusty haze of twilight . townspeople welcome each other as the band start to play and music fill the air . everyone clap and cheer ... it 's go to be a eventful evening . int . sullivan house -- same time Frank sit in the dark shadow of he lonely house , listen to marion Harris sing after you've gone on the phonograph -- now will not you listen honey , while I say / how could you tell I that you be go away ? / do not say that we must part / do not break you baby 's heart ... as the song continue , Frank take a pair of scissor and clip the front page of the newspaper he buy earlier ... the flicker light of a nearby candle dance in he eye . Frank stare at a headline that seem to taunt he -- armistice declare ; peace at last ! Frank glance at the gold STAR . and the song continue -- after you have go ... and leave I cry / after you have go , there 's no deny / you will feel blue , you will feel sad / you will miss the dearest pal you have ever have -- 20 . overwhelm , Frank lift the needle and the song abruptly stop . the house grow deathly quiet . but then -- a crack of thunder suddenly rumble overhead . and the autumn wind carry the faint sound of distant celebration ... Frank Sullivan stand up and go to the window . beat . ext . meadow -- evening the party be in full swing . the band play to the sunset as row of dance couple welcome the night -- nearby , a group of man prepare some firework , wait for darkness so they can rocket they into the sky ... as the music pool with laughter and joy , a few townspeople notice the approach sound of galloping horse hoove ... head turn as they draw near . then , suddenly -- Frank Sullivan appear over the ridge , riding towards they ; he reluctance visible even from a distance . townspeople gasp , a few nudge each other and point . Frank tether he horse to a tree at the end of a long line of model-t ford . the animal snort with disgust -- frank do not worry . I will not be long . Frank turn and approach the crowd . townspeople come over to say ' hello 's . Frank smile , shaking everybody 's hand ... Sue fowler watch from a distance -- she 's dress for the occasion and look even lovelier than before . a little makeup have put a spotlight on she face . Frank Sullivan notice she right away . Sue 's breathe grow heavy as he approach ; she body language a curious mixture of excitement and fear . she wait for he to reach she ... and then finally say -- sue I be glad you come . frank yeah , well ... ( look around ) it be my birthday , after all . 21 . Sue smile as the world celebrate around they . the last vestige of twilight fade and the sky grow very dark ... but neither Sue nor Frank notice . they be lose in each other . across the meadow rosaleigh grab Tom by the arm , nodd at Frank and Sue -- rosaleigh would you look at that ... ( Tom follow she gaze ) I wonder how much short George 's leash will get now that Emily Sullivan be dead and bury . Tom glance at he wife with mild disappoval . and then rosaleigh shift she glance ... and suddenly freeze -- Leonard duschene be walk along the meadow 's edge ... rosaleigh ( cont 'd ) I do not see how he can even show he face ... after all the misery he bring on this town . be not they suppose to hang traitor ? Tom stare at Leonard ... and slowly nod . across the meadow Frank and Sue continue to talk -- frank that 's quite a dress . sue oh , I have have it for year . frank look brand new . sue I do not get to wear it that often «-- do you like it ? frank ( a moment , then ) very much . Frank glance at the dance couple , then look back at Sue . we can see in he eye what he have like to ask she . and we can tell by hers that she 's die to say yes . 22 . but Frank be tear both by loyalty and concern over what people might think . he fidget nervously with the wedding ring on he finger ... and hesitates a moment too long -- GEORGE ( 0.s. ) well , look who it be ... GEORGE fowler ( 40 ) step forward , hold a beer in he hand . Frank 's eye slant to stab wound . Sue tense , on edge . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) how be ya , Frank ? frank Fine , George . yourself ? GEORGE pretty good . Frank clenches he fist and glance at Sue . she stare at he , begging with she eye : not here . not now . frank ' sorry about Dave . GEORGE yeah , he deserve better . Hell , I suppose we all do . ( glance up at the sky ) wonder how much longer the weather 's gonna hold ... frank hopefully they 's 1ll be able to get the firework off in time . George slowly nod , then turn to Sue -- GEORGE c’mon ... let 's go over and say ' hi’ to the ludlow . ( as they leave ) see ya around , Frank . Frank watch George and Sue head back into the crowd , then he slowly turn ... and see Tom donovan stand nearby -- frank that new job of yours come with any deputy ? tom yeah , two of ‘em . ' only man leave in this town under the age of forty . 23 . frank you need to take ‘em out and pay George fowler a visit ... ( off Tom 's look ) he 's drink again . tom last I check , that 's not against the law . not yet , anyway . his brother die . cut he a break . frank ' Problem be when George fowler drink , he get violent . ( off Tom 's look ) Sue 's get bruise around she shoulder and collar bone . tom who tell you that ? frank saw it with my own eye . Tom glance across the meadow , let out a deep sigh -- tom shit . I be worried about that . there have be rumor ... frank why have not anything be do ? tom what be I suppose to do ? frank I do not know , sheriff . you tell I . tom hey , take it easy . I x11 look into it , alright ? Frank stare at Tom as thunder erupt overhead ... tom ( cont 'd ) do not look at I like that . I tell you I hate this goddamn job ... Tom suddenly turn and disappear back into the crowd . Frank watch he go , then head the other way ... as he walk , Frank overhear parent ask each other when they child be come home from the war ... 24 . Frank look away , sadden . he glance across the meadow ... and see Leonard duschene stand all by himself -- the two man stare at each other for a moment ... and then the sound of microphone feedback cause everyone to look up . Tom donovan and reverend farley be stand at the podium -- tom ( cont 'd ) lady and gentlemen ... could I have everyone 's attention , please ? the music and dance stop . all eye turn to Tom -- tom ( cont 'd ) as most of you probably know by now , I be no good at make speech . but I want to welcome you all out tonight ... and just say thank you for come . ( applause , then ) this be a time for celebration . but we would be remiss if we do not pause to remember that we have lose this past year . so , on that note , I would like to turn it over to reverend farley . Morgan ? reverend farley step forward . the mood turn grim -- reverend farley in memory of the fall , I ask that we observe a moment of silence ... suddenly , child and teenager begin roam through the crowd , hold trays fill with SMALL candle ... reverend farley ( cont ’d ) member of we Sunday school will be pass by with candle . please take one for every family member you lose this year , whether it be from sickness ... or war . townspeople start take candle as the child pass by . every family take at least one ; some even take two . a soft orange glow slowly spread through the meadow ... Frank Sullivan look up at a young girl stand before he . he take a deep breath and pick up a candle ... then , with he other hand , he pick up two more . 25 . in the crowd eli Peterson watch Frank struggle to hold three candle on he own . with tremble hand , eli set he candle down . at the podium reverend farley lift a single flame high above he head ... the entire town follow he lead . hundred of flame rise in the darkness , whisper gently in the faint autumn air . Leonard stare at all the candle , haunt and guilt-ridd . everyone observe a moment of silence . and then reverend farley take a deep breath ... and blow out he flame . everyone else do likewise . the meadow suddenly go dark . a devastating stillness hang in the air ... and then the sound of shrieking rocket cause everyone to look up -- firework explode overhead . townspeople gasp and applaud , they face fade up and down with the flicker light ... then , softly and suddenly -- distant gunshot pop in the faraway wood ... they reverberate for a moment and quickly die away , absorb by the loud explosion booming overhead . Frank be the only one who notice . he turn and look out at the thick dark tree , wonder if he hear right ... CUT to : ext . sullivan ranch -- same time Frank Sullivan 's ranch sit peacefully in the night ... a gust of wind shake the tree like a torrent of darkness ; follow by rumbling thunder and flash of lightning . the storm warning subside and the silence return . a calm , soothing moment hang in the air ... and then -- a young woman ( 20 ) stumble out of the wood ; she clothes soaking wet , she body drench in blood . the sight of she should take we breath away . she appear suddenly out of nowhere , like a ghost in the darkness . she limp towards Frank Sullivan 's house ... 26 . int . sullivan house -- continuous the young woman break a window and come inside , leave a thick trail of blood with every painful step . she search frantically for medicine and supplies , but the house be very dark . and she life be fade fast . she collapse on the floor with a sicken thud ; unconscious and near death , she blood pool around she . outside , a violent crack of thunder promise heavy rain ... ext . meadow -- same time just as the firework conclude , the downpour begin ... everybody run to they car , but the model - ts be trap . engine start and wheel spin . nobody be able to get away ... ... except for Frank , who walk calmly towards he horse -- kick and snort beneath a onslaught of rain ... Frank climb into the saddle and gallop away , pass score of car as they fishtail in vain . int . sullivan house -- later Frank come inside and take off he wet coat . he light a candle and make he way through the dark house ... suddenly , Frank stop . he can hear the storm outside louder than ever . he see the break window first ... .+- and then he step in something wet . Frank kneel , hold the candle close to the floor . his eye suddenly widen -- he 's stand in a pool of blood . a burst of lightning reveal the young girl on the floor ... Frank spring to action , reacting on pure instinct -- he pick the girl up and set she down on the kitchen table , knock everything to the ground in order to make room ... he tear off she clothes and find three bullet wound ; two in the arm , one in the thigh . blood pour out of she body ... Frank wrap a tourniquet above each wound , then find the girl 's pulse ... so faint , it 's barely even there . Frank stare at she , overwhelm . this be as far as he knowledge will take he . he need help . he need ... a doctor. 27 . ext . meadow -- later Frank gallop through the pour rain , weaving between trap car and foggy headlight beam -- he knock on window and wait for they to crack . then he peer inside , hope to find Sue fowler ... finally , Frank reach the right car . he knock loudly and wait . the window open ... George fowler peer out -- GEORGE Frank ? what the hell ...? Frank ride around to the other side of the car . he knock on the window ... it immediately roll down -- sue what 's wrong ? frank I need you help ... a woman 's hurt . sue what ? how ? frank shot. pretty bad . c’mon , I ’1l1 explain on the way ... please . Sue nod and open she door , step out into the rain ... GEORGE Sue ! what the hell be you do ?! Frank pull she up onto he horse and they gallop away ... int . sullivan house -- later Frank and Sue come inside , both soaking wet . frank I do not know where she come from . she be here when I get home ... can you help she ? Sue rush to the girl 's side and quickly go to work -- sue she 's lose a lot of blood ... ( then , horrify ) God , she pulse be racing ... it have to be in the 140s , at least . be there any alcohol in the house ? ( more ) 28 . sue ( cont 'd ) ( off he look ) I need a disinfectant . frank what kind ? sue whatever 's strongest . and I need a knife ... like a scalpel . Frank leave to gather the item . Sue grab a nearby candle and move it closer . it light up the girl 's face ... Frank come back just in time for she to say -- sue ( cont ’d ) she look like Kathryn . Frank hesitates , then set two bottle of whiskey and a SMALL knife down on the table -- frank anything else ? sue we need to make a splint for she arm . and I need a hemostat ... frank a what ? sue a pair of plier ... Frank glance around the room -- think fast . he turn a table on its side and break off one of the legs . frank will this work ? sue ( look up ) yes , thank you . Sue fashion a splint and wrap the girl 's arm . Frank leave the room and return with a pair of plier -- sue ( cont ’d ) thank you . Sue soak a towel and clean the girl 's wound ... sue ( cont ’d ) do you know you blood type ? 29 . frank no . sue hopefully someone in town do ... Sue pick up the plier and douse they with whiskey -- frank be that clean enough ? sue it 's gonna have to be . Sue dig into the girl 's thigh . Frank watch with steely resolve as the plier go deeper ... and deeper -- frank ( re : bullet ) can you get it ? sue it 's up against the femoral artery . if that get severe , she will bleed to death . frank she 's do that already . Sue nod ... and push the plier in just that much deeper . she pull out a thick black slug ; mangle and disgusting . Frank grab he rifle and stand guard near the window ... after all , the killer may still be out there . CUT to : ext . sullivan ranch -- morning the rain have stop . the sun begin to rise , revealing a beautiful landscape and a majestic morning . int . sullivan house -- moment later Frank sit in a chair , hold he rifle in he arm . he hear approach footstep ... and slowly look up . Sue fowler come into the room , wiping she hand on a bloody towel . she stare at Frank , exhaust . then quietly say -- sue she 's alive . Frank slowly nod and get to he foot ... 30 . sue ( cont ’d ) her clothes be ruin , though . do you have anything ... she could use ? frank ( hesitates ) Emily 's thing be still upstairs . second bedroom closet . sue okay . what should I take ? frank ( a moment , then ) do not matter . Sue slowly nod , then hand he a list -- sue ( cont , ' D ) think you could go into town ? I need some thing from my clinic . Frank nod , pockete the list . he hold up he rifle -- frank you know how to use this ? Sue hesitates , then nod . Frank hand she the gun -- frank ( cont 'd ) Safety 's off . all you gotta do be aim ... and pull the trigger . sue please hurry . Frank turn and charge out the door ... CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET -- later Frank Sullivan gallop into town , head for Sue 's clinic . townspeople watch , alarmed by he urgent pace ... CUT to : int . sullivan house -- bedroom closet -- same time Sue fowler stand in the quiet room , stare respectfully at clothes that once belong to Emily Sullivan . she go through the dress , one at a time ... finally select one that seem safe and appropriate . 31 . int . doctor 's office -- same time Frank fill a black medical bag with supplies ... he hear a pair of boot come thunking up the stair , follow by Tom donovan 's voice at the door -- tom saw you horse outside . you know , for a guy who supposedly do not like come into town , you sure be do it a lot , lately . Frank glance at Tom , then continue fill the bag ... tom ( cont 'd ) you aimin’ to rob the place ? frank take some thing out to Sue ... tom where be she ? frank my ranch . tom oh , good . that oughta make for some nice Sunday gossip . frank there be a shoot last night , Tom ... tom what ? where ? frank not sure . a girl show up on my doorstep cover in blood . tom you be serious ? frank you think I would make this up ? tom be she from around here ? frank do not think so . 32 . tom but she 's alive ? frank last I check . ( then , urgently ) I need you to come with I . now . tom alright , let I get my horse . frank do it quickly . Tom nod and leave the room . Frank grab the last few thing on Sue 's list ... and follow close behind . ext . sheriff' office -- continuous Patrick and Nathan come outside and watch Tom climb onto he horse . he ride over to meet they -- patrick what 's go on , boss ? tom I need you boy to start gather a search party ... nathan this early ? it 's Saturday ... tom you get twelve able-body man as fast as you can and head out to the Sullivan ranch . you hear ? Nathan look dumbfounded . Patrick slowly nod -- patrick yes , sir . Tom kick he horse and meet Frank in the middle of the street . together , they gallop out of town ... int . leonard duschene 's room -- continuous Leonard watch Frank and Tom disappear over the ridge . his eye narrow -- sense trouble in the air . int . sullivan house -- later Sue lay a blanket over the girl 's tremble body . she suddenly hear faint horse hoof , approach fast ... 33 . she grab Frank 's rifle and head for the door ... ext . sullivan house -- continuous Sue step outside just as Frank and Tom appear over the ridge . they bring they horse to a sudden stop -- sue do you get everything ? Frank hand she the medical bag . Sue open it and check -- frank how be she ? sue not good ... Sue snap the bag shut and hurry back to the house ... int . sullivan house -- moment later Tom stare at the blood stain floor as Sue inflate a blood pressure cuff around the girl 's arm and check the redial -- sue Jesus , she 's 70 over 30 . tom what do that mean ? sue that she 's hang by a thread . ( check the girl 's pulse ) her heart can not keep beat like this . it 's gonna give out ... ( then , to Tom ) you do not know you blood type by any chance , do you ? tom there be different kind ? ( off she look ) what do it even matter ? sue the wrong kind will kill she . that 's why it matter . and since she 's unconscious , we have to find someone who 's o-negative ... ( off Tom 's look ) they be call universal donor . they be very rare ... and they can give blood to anybody . 34 . tom I 'il ask around town , but who would even know such a thing ? frank Soldiers . anyone who 's meet with a draft board know if they be able to transfuse blood . tom transfuse blood ? we never do anything like that in Cuba . frank we do in the Philippines . tom ( grimly ) yeah , I bet . ( then , step closer ) I can not hardly believe it ... somebody shot she ? sue twice in the arm . once in the leg . tom all on the same side , too . ( to Frank ) what do that tell you ? frank she be not run away ... tom be not face ‘em either . Tom suddenly notice the mangle slug sit on the table . tom ( cont 'd ) ( to Frank ) that look like any bullet you have ever see ? Frank hesitates , then slowly shake he head . Tom turn and cross the room , stare at the break window -- tom ( cont 'd ) how would she get all the way out here ? frank I do not know , Tom . I do not have a chance to ask she . 35 . Tom peer out the window and see Patrick and Nathan in the distance , lead a search party towards Frank 's property ... duffy ( Dramatic beat ) let 's find out . ext . wood -- later the search party charge through the wood ; twelve men on horseback armed with gun and scent -sniffing dog . Frank and Tom lead the group . the other be all men we might recognize -- Patrick & Nathan , the Civil War vet , etc . they keep pace with the dog , hot on the girl 's trail ... int . sullivan house -- bedroom -- same time Sue kneel at the girl 's bedside , attend to she wound . she suddenly hear a knock at the front door ... int . sullivan house -- front door -- moment later Sue open the door and find she husband stand on the porch . she recoil slightly , then manage to say -- sue you be late . the other leave ... GEORGE that 's all you have to say to I ? do you have any idea how worried I be last night ? I do not even know what have happen until one of Tom 's deputy knock on we door organize a search party . sue ( exhausted ) please . do not start . Sue turn and head back upstairs . George quickly follow ... ext . wood -- same time branch snap as the dog carve through the tree . the man follow close behind , hope for some sign or clue ... int . sullivan house -- bedroom -- later Sue resume she place at the girl 's bedside . George come to the doorway and watch quietly ... 36 . GEORGE so this be the mystery girl , huh ? where have she come from ? sue we do not know . GEORGE be she go to live ? sue ( a moment , then ) probably not . GEORGE yeah , well ... you should be use to that by now . Sue shudder quietly , but do not respond . George suddenly notice a empty whiskey bottle sit on the table -- GEORGE ( cont 'd ) any more of that in the house ? sue ( hesitates ) I think we use it all ... George slowly nod , then turn and leave the room ... ext . lake -- same time Frank and Tom emerge from the wood and find themselves at a majestic lake , stretch for mile in every direction ... Tom watch they dog sniff along the shoreline -- tom goddamnit ... it 's as if she just fall out of the sky . Frank stare at the tall cliff tower above the lake ... tom ( cont 'd ) C ’mon , let 's go ... Tom turn to leave , but Frank do not budge -- tom ( cont 'd ) ( confused ) Frank ? she do not walk on water ... frank maybe she come up out of it . 37 . Frank spur he horse forward , charge up the steep incline ; so severe , they be nearly vertical as they ascend ... ext . summit -- continuous Frank and he horse reach the top and level out onto flat terrain . Frank dismount and take in he surroundings -- he hear the sound of a horse struggle to climb . and then Tom appear ; he face ashen from the harrowing ascent . tom let 's not do that again . Frank nod up ahead , where the road suddenly bend -- frank if you be wait to ambush someone , where would you be ? Tom look around for a moment , then point -- tom there . Frank take position in the grass . he stare at the road and shift he weight ... something crunch beneath he foot -- Frank pick up a_handful of empty bullet shell . tom ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ . Frank walk over to the cliff 's edge . he stare at the ground , look for something ... and then he find it -- faint tire track , like a decaye fossil ; nearly wash away by the rain , lead right over the edge of the cliff ... Frank lean over and peer at the water below ; the sun dance across the surface like a fortune of golden coin . beneath the water , oscillate between glimmer of sunlight , be a refracted image of a large , black object ... tom ( cont 'd ) that what I think it be ? Frank hesitates , then slowly nod -- frank yeah ... 38 . int . sullivan house -- later George sit at Frank 's desk , open drawer . he search vigorously , but do not find what he 's look for . instead , he discover a file of newspaper clipping -- the article Frank save earlier be at the top of the pile .-- along with a hand write letter , wear and well read -- '' dear Mr. & Mrs. Sullivan , I deeply regret to inform you that you son , private William Sullivan , die this afternoon ... " George skim the letter , then flip through the article , each one detail the horror of the past year ... George close the file and put it away . he go to shut the drawer , but stop when he see something -- a old photograph bury beneath a stack of papers ... it show twenty young soldier stand at the top of a dusty hill with a american flag billow overhead . a legendary figure stand in the center -- his thick moustache and coke-bottle glass identify he as clearly as a caption would : President Theodore Roosevelt and then George see two familiar face in the back row : frank sullivan and tom donovan ; each twenty year old ... sue ( 0.s. ) what be you do ?! George look up and find he wife stand at the door -- sue ( cont 'd ) you should not be go through Frank 's thing . George hand she the photograph -- GEORGE if you have a picture of yourself with the President , would you hide it away in a goddamn desk drawer ? Sue stare at the picture , suddenly overwhelm . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) he leave you for that war . least he could do be put it on display . ( more ) 39 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I wonder what else he 's hide ... George stand up and leave the room as Sue quietly wince from the pain of old wound ... CUT to : int . wood -- late afternoon work horse lurch forward , pull tightly against long chain run beneath the surface of the lake ... Frank , Tom , Nathan , Patrick , and the other searcher watch as the horse move forward , one laborous step at a time ... Nathan seem excited , the other concerned . whatever this horse be pull , it appear to be quite heavy ... and then , suddenly -- a bullet- ride model-t ford break through the surface ... the man slowly gather around as the car come to shore . they peer through the shattered window , recoil in horror -- two dead men be slump in the front seat ; they body destroy by gunfire , they face unrecognizable ... tom Nathan , hand I they wallet . Nathan glance at Tom , the excitement go from he face . do I really have to ? Tom 's dark eye give he the answer ... Nathan take a deep breath and reach inside the car . his hand reappear , clutching two leather wallet ... Tom step forward and flip they both open . each wallet carry a badge . the dead man be federal agent . tom ( cont 'd ) shit . ext . MAIN STREET -- later townspeople stand outside , watch with grave concern as two pinewood coffins get stack outside the funeral home ... int . telegraph office -- continuous eli Peterson look up as the doorbell chime . deputy Patrick & Nathan step into the office -- 40 . eli gentlemen ... patrick how be ya , eli ? eli oh , just wait for the telephone man to get here so I can retire ... ( glance out the window ) you have have a busy day . Patrick nod and hand eli a slip of paper -- patrick we need to wire this information to to Kansas City right away . eli what 's go on ? folk be talk about some kind of shoot out at the Sullivan ranch ... patrick we be not sure , but it need to stay quiet . let we know the instant you get a response , alright ? eli nod and watch the two deputy leave . he look down and read the wire ... he eye suddenly go wide . ext . telegraph office -- continuous eli step into the street , completely daze . he watch the two coffin disappear inside the funeral home ... then he turn and see townspeople stand outside ; whisper , point ... the fear already take hold . int . sullivan house -- bedroom -- evening Sue stand by the window , stare at the photograph . Frank 's young face be enough to knock the wind out of she ... ext . sullivan ranch -- same time Frank and Tom sit beneath a jewele sky , they horse kick and snort in the cold evening air ... Frank stare at the wallet of the two dead man -- frank ( reading they id ) neither of ‘em make it to thirty . 41 . tom too many young people die this day . that 's for sure . Frank nod sadly and give the wallet back to tom. beat . tom ( cont 'd ) I ’1l1 come back tomorrow and help you move the girl into town . ( off Frank 's look ) she can not stay here . this place be the perfect spot for a ambush . Frank look around for a moment , then slowly nod . tom ( cont 'd ) Edward will be with I , so we can get he help , as well . frank do not forget to ask about he blood type , alright ? tom sure . and i’1ll have farley make a announcement . maybe someone in town know . Worth a shot . ( beat ) I could have my deputy stay here tonight . incase whoever do this decide to come back . Frank stare at the dark forest , consider the offer -- frank if someone be go to show up , they would have do it by now . tom alright ... Tom see Sue fowler stand in Frank 's window . he nod -- tom ( cont 'd ) you should have see she during the crisis . it remind I of you , quiet honestly . charge with Roosevelt up San Juan Hill ... ( beat ) people be die all around she . one after another . but she just keep go . fearless . Frank look up at Sue . Tom stare at he friend -- 42 . tom ( cont 'd ) you ever regret go to the Philippines ... after Cuba ? frank I do what my country ask ... tom if you have come home , she might not have marry George ... frank I do not regret the year I have with my wife , Tom . tom no one 's say you do . but you deserve to be happy . so do she ... ( glance at Sue , then ) nobody have hold it against you . nobody who matter , anyway . Tom kick he horse and gallop away . Frank watch he friend disappear in the darkness ... int . sullivan house -- downstair -- moment later George fowler sit at the table , nervously rub he hand . it 's be awhile since he 's have a drink ... . -- and the shake be start to set in . frank ( 0.s. ) it 's get pretty late . you gonna head home ? George look up at Frank with eye darker than the room -- GEORGE if my wife 's stay , I be stay . Frank stare at George . his fist clenches again ... int . sullivan house -- bedroom -- same time Sue lean against the wall , deep in think . the sound of faint moan cause she to suddenly turn around ... the young girl be awake . Sue rush to she bedside -- sue hi...can you hear I ? what 's you name ? can you tell I ? it 's alright if you do not remember ... 43 . the girl 's eye flutter as she fight to stay conscious . her heart be racing and she nerve be on fire ... sue ( cont ’d ) here , let I give you something for the pain ... Sue fill a syringe with morphine -- sue ( cont ’d ) this be go to sting a little ... she pierce the skin . the girl suddenly scream and pull away , cause the needle to break off in she arm ... sue ( cont ’d ) shit ... ( yelling ) Frank ?! George ?! ( top of she lung ) I need help up here ! footstep come fly up the stair and race down the hall . Frank burst into the room with George close behind ... sue ( cont ’d ) hold she down ... Frank step forward and restrain the girl so that Sue can dig the bloody needle out of she vein ... young girl no...shtfpfff...nasths ... please ... no ...ugh , humph ... God , no ... George stare at the girl , try to make sense of she word -- young girl ( cont ’d ) no , please ... somebody ...help ! ( and then , scream ) getaway ! you fuck ! help I ! shit! motherfucker ! ! god...damnit ! the young girl suddenly grab Frank by the hand , brace herself against he , hold on for dear life ... Sue pull the needle out of the girl 's arm . blood spray everywhere , soaking the bed sheet . the girl scream -- Sue fill another syringe and stick the expose arm . the girl moan as narcotic burn through she vein ... she slowly let go of Frank 's hand ... and fall asleep . 44 , GEORGE Jesus , where do she come from ? ( a moment , then ) be awhile since I hear scream like that ... almost forget what it sound like . Frank look down at he empty hand as Sue go to the window . she suddenly step back , she face freeze in fear -- sue Frank ? there 's somebody outside . ext . sullivan house -- moment later a silhouetted man stand on the front porch ... Frank come out the side door hold a rifle in he arm . he swing around , about to pull the trigger -- frank do not move ! the man freeze , then turn slightly ... it 's eli Peterson . frank ( cont 'd ) Jesus , eli ... eli do not mean to scare . Frank catch he breath and climb the porch step . the look on he face say it all : what be you do here ? eli ( cont 'd ) folk in town be say this girl look like my granddaughter ... ( beat ) can I see she ? Frank stare at eli... and finally nod . int . sullivan house -- bedroom -- moment later Frank stand with eli at the girl 's bedside , watch as the old man stare down in quiet disbelief -- eli quite something , be not it ? ( off Frank 's look ) I know you be not a religious man , Frank ... but it 's hard not see the hand of providence in this . eli look 45 . frank if you say so , eli ... ( a moment , then ) what be people say in town ? eli a lot of rumor and ... speculation . folk see pinewood coffin stack outside the funeral home and ... ( choke back emotion ) .-- old feeling rise up . at Frank as the fire crackle behind they -- eli ( cont 'd ) I still have not forgiven you . ( off Frank 's look ) for not let I see my daughter before you put she in the ground . Frank glance at Sue , stand quietly near the door . beat . frank it be all pretty sudden , eli . there be not much time . eli it 's almost worse imagine it . you hear about people 's hair turn white and fall out . they lung fill with fluid , black like oil . drown in open air ... frank it 's better you remember they the way they be . I do not want you see they ... like that . eli ( a moment , then ) what kind of disease spare the elderly and attack the young ? Frank stare at he father - in - law , unable to answer . eli look right at Frank and point to the young girl -- eli ( cont 'd ) Frank ... save she . and with that , eli turn and leave the room . beat . int . sullivan house -- later Frank Sullivan slump in a leather chair , fast asleep . 46 . the house be dark and quiet , except for the soft whisper of a tiny candle flame dance on a nearby table ... suddenly , the candle go out ... and a thin trail of smoke float to the ceiling as the room grow that much darker -- Frank Sullivan suddenly open he eye . he see a strange shape lurking just across the room ... a young woman . stand by the window . Frank slowly get up and walk towards she . the girl linger for a moment , then spin towards he ... it 's he daughter . she look right at he through hollow eye , she face rotting with maggot and worm -- kathryn sullivan Father ... Frank Sullivan suddenly bolt awake ! he gasp and fall out of he chair , struggle to catch he breath ... int . sullivan house -- moment later Sue fowler sleep peacefully ; the fade light of a die fire dance softly against she eyelid . Frank cover she with a blanket , then cross the room and stoke the fire back to life ... he glance up at a family portrait hang on the wall , then look down at the young girl , fight for she life ... this be a line in the sand moment for Frank Sullivan -- he be powerless to save he wife and daughter . he have no control over what happen to he son . but Frank can save this girl ... even if it mean risk he life . he take a deep breath as the fire roar behind he . we can almost see eli 's command take hold in he mind : save she . int . church -- morning reverend farley stand behind the pulpit , address he congregation . less than half the pews be fill ... reverend farley before we begin , I have be ask to make a announcement . as I be sure many of you have hear ... there 's a young girl out at the Sullivan ranch who 's be badly hurt ... 47 . in the audience Tom sit beside rosaleigh , watch as many congregant glance at each other suspiciously ... reverend farley ( cont ’d ) she be viciously attack Friday night ... and be in desperate need of a blood transfusion . be anyone here aware of they blood type ? people slowly shake they head . Tom watch , disappointed . int . telegraph office -- same time eli Peterson come into the office and find the telegraph eerily quiet . no message have come through ... eli stare at empty tray , clearly alarmed . ext . sullivan house -- later Frank Sullivan stand outside , chopping firewood as the morning sun break free of the horizon ... int . sullivan house -- continuous George fowler watch Frank from the window . he nervously rub he hand , which have start to tremble ... int . sullivan house -- upstair -- moment later George walk to the girl 's bedroom and peer inside . Sue be swapping out she bandage . George clear he throat -- GEORGE ' think I be gonna head into town ... you need anything ? Sue glance at he tremble hand and shake she head . George turn and leave without say another word . ext . church -- later Tom and rosaleigh come outside and overhear reverend farley talk to a farmer and he wife ( both 5as ) -- reverend farley .».. maybe you could ask joey when he get in next week ? farmer we joey 's be through enough . we do not want he mix up in this ... 48 . the farmer and he wife turn and walk away . farley watch they go , then glance at Tom and rosaleigh -- reverend farley seem to be the general feel , I be afraid . tom they be just scared ... reverend farley bullet-ddend car and bloody corpse ... not all fear be irrational , you know ? rosaleigh glance at she husband . beat . tom yeah . I know . a distant train whistle suddenly shriek and rosaleigh pull Tom away . farley watch they race towards the station ... int . leonard duschene 's room -- that moment Leonard watch Tom and rosaleigh charge down the street as another train whistle blow , already get closer ... ext . MAIN STREET -- continuous rosaleigh glance up at Leonard 's window as the train whistle fade . her face darken . she turn to Tom -- rosaleigh farley have a point , you know ? ( nod at Leonard 's window ) a lot of people would still be alive if we have just shut we door and keep everyone out ... Tom glance at he wife , but do not respond . he see eli Peterson up ahead , wave for they to come over ... rosaleigh ( cont 'd ) you better know what you be do , especially if you be get Edward involved . we be the only family in this town who have not lose anyone ... tom you think I have forget that ? rosaleigh just make sure you do not . 49 . Tom nod '' alright '' as eli step forward to meet they -- tom what be it ? we get a response ? eli no , that 's just it . there 's be nothing . no word . ( then , off Tom 's look ) we wire to say that we find two dead federal agent ... do not you think that 's the sort of thing that would get a answer right away ? Tom glance at rosaleigh as another train whistle shriek -- tom I be sure we will hear something soon . keep I post , okay ? eli reluctantly nod as Tom and rosaleigh walk away ... ext . train yard -- same time a train pull into the station and two doughboy step onto the platform . a gather crowd burst into applause -- edward donovan ( Tom 's son , 20 ) be one of the soldier . he walk with a faint limp , search for he parent ... tom ( 0.s. ) Edward ! Edward ! Tom and rosaleigh be stand up ahead . they throw they arm around they son and hold on for dear life . tom ( cont 'd ) it 's so good to see you ... edward thank you , sir . Tom take a step back and stare at son , impressed by the dapper look kid wear a man 's uniform -- tom my word ... welcome home . int . SALOON -- same time patron stand at the window , watch the celebration ... George fowler suddenly burst into the saloon . everyone watch as the bartender ( 5as ) pour he usual drink -- 50 . GEORGE thanks , Sam . leave the bottle . Sam nod and step aside . Charlie Foster and Ben sanderford ( the two ' regular 's ) stand up and approach -- charlie heya , George . do not see ya come in yesterday . we be get worried . laughter ripple through the saloon as Charlie and Ben surround George ; two bad angel perch on he shoulder -- charlie ( cont ’d ) ' be out at the Sullivan ranch ? what 's the story ? GEORGE it 's nothing . no big deal ... BEN no big deal ? I hear you guy pull a shot - up car out of the lake . ( leans closer ) who 's in the coffin , George ? charlie to hell with the coffin , who 's the girl ? she sick ? GEORGE no , she be not sick . just shot to hell . Sue 's take care of she ... George throw back he drink and pour himself another -- GEORGE ( cont 'd ) you know Frank 's get a picture of himself with the president ? BEN you mean Roosevelt ? sure . Frank charge up San Juan Hill . he 's a genuine piece of american history . charlie that 's nothing . after Cuba , most of the Rough rider come home . but not Frank . he go to the Philippines and fight the insurgency there . BEN I guess one war against Spain be not enough ... 51 . charlie can you imagine ? not even hearst 's papers could spin that war . I bet Frank see one or two thing over there . yes , sir ... BEN it all work out though . Frank get he war . and George get Sue . charlie except now Emily Sullivan be dead . and Sue be back at Frank 's house ... George look up at Charlie , he eye wounded and foggy . BEN hey , George ... you gonna tell we what we want to know or what ? George hesitates , then pour another drink as more footstep approach . his eye suddenly close ... and surrender . int . sullivan house -- downstair -- moment later Sue come downstairs and fill a pitcher with water ... she notice the phonograph on the counter and start flipping through record ... suddenly stop at one in particular -- after you've gone by marion Harris the sound of a open door cause Sue to look up . Frank come inside , he arm fill with firewood . beat . frank George leave ? sue yeah , he have to go into town ... ( hold up the record ) I remember this one . Frank set down the firewood and slowly approach -- frank I , too . sue they play it the night you leave . I do not think I have hear it since . Frank smile , then take the record from she hand and place it on the wheel . he lower the needle gently -- 52 . after a few burst of static , the song begin to play -- Frank finally find the courage to look at Sue . the lyric pull they together and they slowly start to dance ... frank if I tell you something , will you promise not to think less of I ? sue okay ... frank the other night ... I want to dance with you . ( then , off she silence ) do you hear what I say , Sue ? they spin towards camera . Sue 's eye be close -- sue ( softly ) I hear you . the song wind down and come to a end , replace once again by the crisp static of the spin wheel ... Frank and Sue slowly lean in , just about to kiss ... when they be suddenly interrupt by a knock at the door . Frank force himself to turn away and leave the room . Sue stare at the record spin on the wheel . she slowly lift the needle ... and the house plunge to silence . Sue take a deep breath and go to the window -- the donovan family be stand outside . int . sullivan house -- later Frank stand with Tom , rosaleigh , Edward , and Sue ; a heavy silence weigh between they ... Edward stare at picture hang on the wall , focus on Kathryn , beautiful in black & white -- edward ( to Frank ) I do not know if you be ever aware , but ... I carry quite a torch for you daughter when we be in school . ( more ) 53 . edward ( cont 'd ) I use to tell William that when we get back , I be gonna call on she . he do not like that very much . Frank smile , but do not respond . Edward turn and limp across the room . everyone watch . nobody say a word . Edward reach the counter and open he bag -- there 's newspaper lie on top of he thing . Edward take it out and set it aside , then reach deeper into the bag -- he pull out a watch and a few letter , then give they to Frank as if they mean everything in the world -- edward ( cont 'd ) this be he . Frank take a deep breath , clutching he son 's thing . edward ( cont 'd ) he have a beautiful grave . just outside of fromelle . it 's about the nicest spot you could ask for . ( a moment , then ) he talk about you all the time . bragge about how he dad get to the top of San Juan Hill before Roosevelt do . ( beat ) all he want be make you proud . frank I be already proud of he . he do not have to go to war for that . Edward slowly nod . Sue cautiously step forward -- sue Edward , you do not know you blood type , by any chance ... do you ? edward dad say you be look for a donor ... I be ab - positive . sorry . frank ( to Tom ) Morgan make the announcement ? tom yeah , but nobody 's come forward . and the next batch of soldier be not due in until next week ... 54 . edward o-negative blood be pretty rare . there be not many guy in my regiment who have it . Sue nod , clearly disappointed . Tom check he watch -- tom we should probably get go . Frank glance at Sue , then reluctantly nod . int . sullivan house -- bedroom -- later the young girl lie in bed ; she breathe weak and shallow . Sue fowler stand nearby , quietly pack she thing ... frank ( 0.s. ) ready ? Sue look up and see Frank stand at the door . she nod , then turn and give the girl another shot of morphine . frank ( cont 'd ) how 's she do ? sue blood pressure 's low . pulse be high . all we can do be keep she sedate ... and hope for the best . Frank stare at Sue , read between the line -- frank she 's not go to make it , be she ? sue ( a moment , then ) with the amount of blood she 's lose and no donor come forward ... it 's probably just a matter of time . Frank stare at the girl and finally nod . beat . sue ( cont ’d ) if it 's any consolation , I know how you feel . I be look forward to save a patient for a change . Frank glance at the family portrait on the wall . suddenly , Sue realize : it 's more than just some patient for he . CUT to : 55 . ext . MAIN STREET -- dusk the sun begin to disappear behind silhouett mountain , throw long , dark shadow down the empty street ... int . telegraph office -- continuous eli continue to stare at the telegraph , unnerve . the day 's almost over ... and it have not make a sound . suddenly , eli hear squeaking wheel outside ... ext . MAIN STREET -- same time Frank Sullivan ride into town beside a horse - drawn wagon -- Tom and Edward donovan be upfront , hold the rein . Sue and rosaleigh be in back , caring for the girl ... townspeople come outside as the wagon pass by . they turn and glance at each other . suspicious . afraid . int . SALOON -- same time Charlie and Ben walk across the room and stand over George , now pass out in a drunken stupor ... charlie hey , George ! Charlie kick the chair , George suddenly wake up -- charlie ( cont ’d ) you wife 's outside . incase you be interested ... George rub he tired eye , then lean over and grab the bottle ... and pour himself another drink . int . telegraph office -- same time eli Peterson watch the wagon stop outside Sue 's clinic . he open the door and step outside . the bell chime loudly ... ...- but then the sound fade and eli hear something else . he slowly turn and peer through the window -- the telegraph ticker have start type ! ext . MAIN STREET -- same time Patrick and Nathan cross the street to help Frank , Tom , and Edward lift the girl out of the wagon . 56 . together , they carry she toward Sue 's clinic ... townspeople crowd the other side of the street , watch from a distance , refuse to come any closer ... int . doctor' office -- later Frank , Tom , Edward , rosaleigh , Sue , Patrick , and Nathan carry the girl into the clinic and set she down by the window ... Sue check the girl 's pulse and give she a shot of morphine . Frank and the other stand nearby , quietly watch ... they suddenly hear footstep come down the hall . the door slowly open ... and eli enter the room . he look at everyone , then hand Tom a slip of paper -- eli from Kansas City ... Tom grab the wire and start to read ... frank ( to eli ) what 's with everyone outside ? town seem panicked ... eli you can thank George fowler for that . he 's be spout off at the saloon to anyone who will listen . Frank 's eye pulse with anger . Sue look up , concerned -- sue how long as he be there ? eli ( hesitates ) awhile . Tom finish read and hold up the wire -- tom ' fed be send some agent out on the morning train . frank what take so long ? tom you can ask ‘em when they get here . I be sure everyone 's get question . ( more ) 57 . tom ( cont 'd ) ( to Sue ) gonna have Patrick and Nathan stay here tonight . just to be safe . Sue nod as the deputy take position at the window ... tom ( cont 'd ) if you need anything else ... i’1l be in my office . sue which one ? tom the one with gun in it . Tom tip he hat and leave with he family . Frank wait for the door to shut , then go to the window -- he watch the donovan family climb back into they wagon . Tom and rosaleigh both have they arm around Edward ... Frank take a deep breath , then look down at the young girl . her eye remain close . she do not even know he 's here . patrick you should go home , Mr. Sullivan . we will take it from here ... Frank look up at Patrick and Nathan , resolve to they duty . then he glance at Sue ... and head for the door . ext . MAIN STREET -- moment later the donovan family ride out of town . Edward glance over he shoulder and see Frank come outside ... alone . edward I feel bad for he . Tom glance back and slowly nod -- tom we all do . at suex clinic Frank stare at the saloon as he un -tether he horse . he slowly turn ... and see eli Peterson stand nearby . frank George still over there ? eli hesitates , then nod . Frank charge across the street -- 58 . int . SALOON -- moment later everyone look up as Frank enter the saloon -- bartender hey , Frank ... what will it be ? frank whiskey . Frank look around the room as the bartender pour . he see George pass out near the back ... clutching a empty bottle . charlie hey , Frank ... what 's go on ? who 's this girl ? Frank keep stare at George . finally , he answer -- frank just someone who need a little help . that 's all . charlie I hope there be not go to be any trouble . Cemetery 's crowded enough as it be , would not you say ? Frank take a deep breath as George continue to slump in he chair ; unconscious , pathetic ... not worth the effort . frank I think this whole town 's a cemetery , Charlie . Excuse I . Frank turn and walk out the door . ext . MAIN STREET -- moment later Frank climb back on he horse and trot out into the street . the light from Sue 's clinic burn like a oven ... Frank stare at she window for a moment , then tug on he rein in the moonlight ... and gallop out of town . int . doctor' office -- same time Sue listen to Frank 's fade horse hoof as she check the girl 's vital . suddenly , there 's a knock at the door ... Sue cross the room and answer ... surprised to see she sister , Kay , stand in the hallway -- 59 . kay where be she ? Kay charge past Sue and go to the girl 's bedside -- kay ( cont 'd ) dear God . just as we boy be start to come home ... as if this town have not be through enough ? sue there 's no cause for alarm ... kay that 's not what you husband say . Sue look up at at she sister as another knock rap on the door . Sue hesitates , then turn and cross the room ... she discover three boy ( age 12 - 14 ) stand in the hallway , armed with they father 's rifle ... eldest boy Mrs. fowler ... we be wonder if , you could use any help tonight ? ( off Sue 's confuse look ) we could stand guard -- kay oh , no you could not ! Kay charge forward to confront the startle child -- kay ( cont 'd ) Jimmy Rogers , Russell Thompson , and Mitchell Stevens . what kind of foolishness be this ?! you all think because you miss out on one war , you need to rush out for a second ?! do you father even know they rifle have go miss ? the boy look down at they shuffle foot ... guilty . Kay take the youngest by the hand and turn to face Sue -- kay ( cont 'd ) I hope you and Frank know what you be do . I really do . ( to the young boy ) C ’mon , you three ... you can explain this to you parent . Sue watch she sister leave ... then quietly shut the door . 60 . int . doctor' office -- hallway -- continuous Kay guide the child down the hall . suddenly , they stop . a dark figure slip quietly past they -- int . doctor' office -- continuous Sue hear yet another knock and reluctantly cross the room . she open the door and suddenly freeze ... Leonard duschene be stand before she . sue Leonard ... what be you do here ? Patrick and Nathan both step forward , alarmed . Leonard hesitates ... and finally find he voice -- leonard do she need blood ? Sue stare at he , hope she hear right -- sue you be o-negative ? Leonard nod . Sue grab he by the arm -- sue ( cont 'd ) come inside right now . she pull he into the room and slam the door shut . patrick be you sure about this , Dr. fowler ? sue get he a chair . Patrick hesitates , then nod to Nathan ... who grab a chair and carry it over to the girl 's bedside . Leonard stare at the young girl as he roll up he sleeve ... Sue wrap a rubber band around he arm , then pierce he skin with a 18 - gauge needle . Leonard flinch , but stay quiet . blood start to flow , turn the clear tub red as it fall into a collecting bottle rest on the floor ... sue ( cont ’d ) tell I if you get dizzy . 61 . leonard I be fine . his blood continue to fill the bottle , mixing with coagulant , rise every second -- 100cc...200cc...300cc ... sue you okay ? Leonard slowly nod -- push himself to the max ... 400cc...500cc...700cc ... the glass be almost full . Sue siphon off the tub and remove the needle from Leonard 's arm ... Leonard slump in the chair , about to faint . Patrick and Nathan step forward and catch he -- Sue then insert a needle into the young girl 's arm and raise the container . blood flow into the girl 's body . Patrick , Nathan , and Leonard watch , silently captivate ... the bottle finally empty . Sue remove the needle from the girl 's arm as carefully as if she be defuse a bomb . patrick do it work ? sue we will know in the morning . the deputy both nod , then look back out the window -- outside , the town sit beneath a blanket of indifferent star .-- completely unaware of the wick doom head they way . fade to black : int . sullivan house -- morning Frank Sullivan wake up and slowly climb out of bed . he look around , sadly . his house be empty , again ... int . sullivan house -- hallway -- moment later Frank stop outside he daughter 's bedroom and look at the empty bed . then the floor . then the fireplace . and then , finally , at the picture hang on the wall . int . doctor 's office -- same time sunlight pour in through the open window , cause Sue fowler to suddenly wake . she get up and check on the girl ... 62 . nathan something wrong ? sue ( smile ) she 's warm . a train whistle suddenly shriek far in the distance ... ext . MAIN STREET -- sheriff 's office -- same time Tom smile at rosaleigh as she head to school . then he slowly turn and stare out at the horizon -- tiny puff of smoke suddenly appear , signal the imminent arrival of federal agent from Kansas City ... CUT to : int . sullivan house -- same time Frank be scrubbing the table where Sue operate on the girl , desperately try to get the blood off the wood ... Edward 's newspaper be still lie on the counter . Frank wipe he hand and pick it up -- the kansas CITY gazette the top fold display bold headline announce the end of war . Frank turn the newspaper over -- his eye suddenly narrow . buried in the bottom right hand corner , a small headline ominously read -- '' mobster trial continue ; witness missing , fear murdered . " Frank set the newspaper down ... and quickly leave the room . ext . train station -- same time Tom step onto the platform as a train pull into the station , release a thick cloud of piping hot steam .. two federal agent ( both 30 ) , dress in dark suit , step off the train and take in they surroundings ... tom you boy from Kansas City ? the two agent nod and quickly approach -- agent # 1 that 's right . I be agent reynold . this be agent parker . you the one who send the wire ? 63. tom sure be . Tom donovan . I be uh ... sheriff of this town . reynold well , sheriff , there really be not a moment to lose ... where 's the girl ? Tom hesitates , then nod : this way . the two agent glance at each other , then follow he down the platform ... int . sundry store -- same time Kay Anderson , busy stock shelf , glance out the window and see Tom approach with the two agent ... she look at she husband 's crepe , tremble . afraid . int . school classroom -- same time rosaleigh peer out the window , clearly concerned ... student Mrs. donovan ...? be we gonna grade we homework now ? rosaleigh do not answer . she do not even seem to hear . ext . church -- same time reverend farley watch quietly as Tom lead the two agent down the street ... and into Sue 's clinic -- int . doctor 's office -- MAIN floor -- same time Tom and the agent climb the stair , in mid-conversation ... tom «.+.a local rancher find she . we could not figure out where she come from ... maybe you boy could shed some light on that ? the agent glance at each other as Tom reach for the door . int . doctor 's office -- continuous Sue , Nathan , and Patrick look up as Tom enter with reynold and parker . everyone stand quietly for a moment , then -- tom Sue , this man be from Kansas City . they be here for the girl ... 64 . Sue hesitates , then stand aside . the two agent walk across the room and stare down at the young girl -- reynold that 's she , alright . ( look around , confuse ) where 's the doctor ? tom stand right next to you . reynold hesitates , then turn to face Sue -- reynold so , what 's she condition ? she obviously have not die , yet ... sue no , she 's actually improve . parker improve ? you wire say she be shot three time and would not survive the week ... you be say she could live ? sue yes , she very well could . the two agent glance at each other . beat . reynold I can not tell you how relieved we be to hear that ... tom gentlemen , do you mind tell we what 's go on ? reynold sheriff , I be afraid the less you know , the better . for you own safety . as well as hers . ( then , to Sue ) be it safe for she to travel ? could she board a train ? sue I do not think that 's a good idea . not for awhile , at least . reynold why not ? I think you say she condition be improve ... parker you move she here , do not you ? sue that be a few short mile at a snail 's pace . and , even then , she have muscle spasm the whole way ... reynold and parker stare at Sue with guard eye .. sue ( cont ’d ) she 's dehydrated . her wound be still open . the slight exposure could cause infection to set in ... that could kill she . reynold check he watch -- reynold the next train 's at noon ... and she need to be on it . sue Sir , please ... reynold listen , I understand you concern , but it 's a risk we have to take . this girl have enemy . you have see what they can do . as long as she 's here , this town be not safe . ( to Tom ) where 's the telegraph , sheriff ? tom down the street ... I could take you over there , if you like ? reynold I would appreciate that . ( to Sue , a order ) have she ready when we get back . 65 . Sue hesitates , then finally nod . the two agent charge out the door . Tom follow close behind ... int . telegraph office -- moment later eli Peterson look up as the doorbell chime . Tom enter with reynold and parker -- tom eli , this man need to send a wire to Kansas City . 66 . eli slowly nod ... and slide a form across the desk . int . doctor 's office -- same time Sue peer out the window as she pack for the girl 's trip . Tom and the two agent be walk down the street ... Sue watch they approach . suddenly , she hear something far in the distance -- galloping horse hoove ... approach fast ! CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET -- same time Frank Sullivan come riding into town . Tom and the two agent stagger back as he dismount and approach -- tom gentlemen , this be Frank Sullivan , the rancher I be tell ya about . ( beat ) Frank , this man be from Kansas City . they be here for the girl ... frank be that so ? reynold yes , sir . and we owe you a real debt of gratitude . because of you bravery , that girl be still alive . frank where ya take she ? reynold ( a moment , then ) back where she belong . Frank slowly nod , then look past reynold and parker . he see townspeople peer out of every window ... frank I read a article about a miss witness in Kansas City ... that 's she , be not it ? reynold like we tell you sheriff here ... it 's really best for everyone if you know as little as possible . frank I bet. 67 . a distant train whistle suddenly shriek -- reynold we should probably be go ... reynold and parker tip they hat and turn to leave ... frank will you be take the remain of you dead colleague , as well ? the agent suddenly stop and turn around . beat . frank ( cont 'd ) they be down at the funeral home . I be sorry pinewood coffin be the best we could do . we have a tough year ... as I be sure you both know . reynold that 's alright , Mr. Sullivan . they family will understand ... frank what be they name ? reynold I be sorry ? Frank step forward and repeat himself firmly -- frank they name . what be they ? reynold David York and mikey Smith . good agent . and dear friend . Frank glance at Tom . he know they be lie . another train whistle suddenly shriek -- reynold ( cont ’d ) we really do need to get go ... reynold and parker turn once again and head for the stair . Frank suddenly step forward , block they path -- reynold ( cont ’d ) what 's the idea ? frank I would like to see you credential . reynold we what ? frank id , gentleman . Tom take a step back , suddenly nervous -- reynold in case you have not notice , we be in a bit of a hurry here ... frank ' better make it quick , then . reynold scowl at Frank , suddenly aggressive -- reynold suppose I tell you the answer be yes . we do mind ? frank you would be break the law . but that will not matter much ... reynold and why 's that ? frank you will both be dead . Tom stare at Frank in total disbelief . beat . reynold be that a fact ? frank not yet . reynold glance at parker , then turn back to Frank -- reynold alright . id . here you go ... reynold and parker reach inside they jacket ... and draw they gun ! but Frank be ready . and he 's lightning fast -- he put a bullet in parker 's head and fire two round into reynold 's chest . they body snap backwards and hit the ground , flooding the street with thick arterial spray . Frank glance back at Tom , stand in a prison of shock and fear ; he gun still rest firmly in its holster -- 69 . tom my God . what have you do ? Frank stare at he friend as townspeople come outside , stare at the carnage in the middle of they street -- then he glance at the school , where rosaleigh donovan be struggle to keep she student away from the window ... a slight tremor of movement suddenly catch Frank 's eye -- '' agent reynold '' be still alive . he slither along the ground and reach for he gun ... but Frank 's boot come down hard , snap he wrist -- reynold scream in agonizing pain . Frank kick the gun away and pull the die man up by he collar ... frank they name be William arthurton and Robert Church ... ( beat ) and they be no friend of yours . reynold you get I ... reynold suddenly smile , dark and evil . reynold ( cont ’d ) you people have no fuck idea what 's come you way ... blood pour out of reynold 's mouth as the life fade from he eye . his head roll back and he body grow still ... Frank stare at the corpse for a moment , then let it fall back into the sticky redness cover the earth . CUT to : int . SALOON -- later George fowler open he eye and slowly get up . he glance around the saloon , shocked to find it completely empty ... confused , George go to the window ... and peer outside -- ext . MAIN STREET -- that moment the town 's entire population be stand in the street , watch as two additional coffins get carte away ... 70 . int . sheriff' office -- that moment Frank and Tom stare out the window . Tom suddenly pull down the blind . the room go dark ... tom alright , you tell I ... what now ? before Frank can respond , there 's a knock at the door -- townsperson # 1 ( 0.s. ) Tom , I need a word with you ! tom Earl , I be a little busy at the moment ! i’1l be out in a minute ! Tom take a deep breath and look back at Frank -- tom ( cont 'd ) we be in a lot of trouble . int . doctor 's office -- same time Patrick and Nathan stare at the madness in the street -- nathan should we go down there ? Patrick hesitates , then slowly shake he head -- patrick we order be to protect Dr. fowler and the girl . we stay here unless tell different . Nathan glance at Sue , then reluctantly nod . beat . ext . MAIN STREET -- moment later Frank and Tom come outside and walk quickly down the street . everyone watch they , some even shout -- townsperson # 1 what 's happen , Tom ! what be we suppose to do ?! townsperson # 2 you do not have to kill ‘em , Frank ! int . telegraph office -- continuous eli look up as Tom enter with Frank - - 71 . tom eli , you get the wire that man send out ? I have like to see it ... eli ' figure you might . eli hold up a slip of paper . Tom take it and read . his eye suddenly darken . he hand the message to Frank ... tom ( to eli ) we need to wire all nearby town and ask for help . you ready ? eli just tell I what to type . eli lead Tom across the room as Frank stare at the message in he hand . the wire be two simple word -- '' she' alive . " int . doctor 's office -- moment later the door burst open and six townspeople storm into the room -- townsperson # 1 where be she ? be this she ? Sue and Leonard block they path ... townsperson # 2 Sue , get out of the way . we have a right to know , goddamnit ! what have you and Frank get we into ?! Sue glance back at Patrick and Nathan . they step forward and usher the townspeople towards the door ... townsperson # 3 this be not right , Sue ! you know it ! why be you protect she ?! Sue turn the lock as the door slam shut . ext . MAIN STREET -- telegraph office -- moment later the doorbell chime as Tom step outside . through the window , we can see eli furiously send out wire ... Tom glance down the street and see rosaleigh stand with Kay . she give he a look : what be you go to do ? Tom hesitates , then shrug : I do not know . 72 . eli suddenly tap on the glass . Tom glance back , the urgency in eli 's eye draw he to the window -- eli message just come through . tom from which town ? Dawson ? spark ? eli no ... Kansas City . int . doctor 's office -- later the door handle suddenly jiggle against the lock -- sue who be it ? frank ( 0.s. ) Frank ... Sue open the door just wide enough for he to slip through . sue this be madness ... Frank slowly nod , then notice Leonard duschene stand across the room . Sue follow he gaze -- sue ( cont ’d ) the good news be she 's improve ... a donor come forward last night and offer quite a bit of blood . ( nod , softly ) look healthier , do not she ? Frank turn and look down at the girl . she look just like he daughter ... and she could wake up any moment now . frank she 's beautiful . Sue stare at Frank as a peaceful moment hang in the air , puncture suddenly a loud knock at the door -- sue who be it ? tom ( 0.s. ) Tom donovan , open up . Sue open the door . Tom burst into the room -- 73. tom ( cont 'd ) ' get another wire from Kansas City . Tom hand the message to Frank , who read it out loud -- frank where be you ? tom do not take ‘em long to figure out something be wrong . sue do not take who long ? Sue 's question go unanswer ... until Frank take the newspaper out of he jacket , hand it to Tom -- frank Edward leave this at the house yesterday . ' must have get it before board ... ( off Tom 's look ) bottom right corner . Tom take the newspaper and slowly read -- tom Jesus Christ ... Tom let the paper fall to the floor . he go to the window as Patrick and Nathan rush forward to pick it up -- patrick this be who we be up against ? no wonder it take so long to respond . nathan I do not understand . we wire the federal authority ... tom just because we send a wire do not mean they get it ... ( nodding at the newspaper ) people this powerful have informant everywhere . someone get we message and tip ‘em off ... ( then , realize ) ... the fed do not know what 's happen here . Patrick look down , Nathan 's eye flood with panic . 74 . frank any word from the other town ? tom nothing yet ... patrick we could wire back , pretend to be that man . say it be all a mistake . ' get the wrong girl . ( beat ) they might believe it . tom would you ? Patrick hesitates , then shake he head . beat . tom ( cont 'd ) that man be just the beginning . they know she 's here . they know we be protect she . right now , they be summoning every resource at they disposal ... and head straight for we . frank I think it 's time to start send out more wire ... tom ( Dramatic beat ) ' goddamn right . int . telegraph office -- moment later Frank and Tom come inside and find eli stand over the telegraph . his face appear ashen . something be very wrong -- eli Tom , signal just go dead . tom what ? how ? eli ' dunno . the equipment 's work . it 's not a problem on we end . ( glance out the window ) the line 's be cut somewhere ... frank could just be a coincidence ... 75 . tom or maybe they be take the necessary precaution ... Tom open the door and disappear outside . Frank go to the window and stand beside eli ... they stare out at the surround forest , wonder if villain be lurking just beyond they view . ext . MAIN STREET -- same time Tom charge down the street , stop beneath Sue 's window -- tom ( Calling ) Patrick ! Patrick poke he head outside -- patrick yeah , boss ? tom get you horse saddle and meet I outside . you be riding oughta town . patrick where to ? tom Kansas City . as fast as you can . int . doctor' office -- continuous Patrick step away from the window and glance at Nathan , who have a pale white look of envy spread across he face -- nathan maybe I should go , instead . my horse be young , faster . patrick Kansas City be more than a hundred mile away . you ever ride that far through the night ? ( beat ) you want a adventure ? look like you be go to get one ... Patrick turn and walk out the door , leave Nathan to glance down at the tin STAR pin sharply to he vest . CUT to : 76 . ext . MAIN STREET -- moment later Patrick kick he horse and gallop out of town . everyone watch he disappear over the ridge ... .-- and then they hear a distant train whistle . Frank and Tom walk towards the station , pass score of townspeople freeze where they stand ... int . train station -- moment later Frank and Tom step onto the platform as a distant train chug towards they through blue-grey twilight ... Tom slowly exhales . his hand be tremble ... frank cold ? Tom slowly shake he head , then quietly say -- tom it be not fair ... ( off Frank 's look ) I have do everything I be suppose to do . I do not ask to be sheriff and I never go look for trouble . when you step forward and volunteer for the Philippines , I stand aside . my hand be clean ... Frank hesitates , then step closer -- frank Tom ... nobody from Kansas City be go to be on this train . tom how do you know that ? frank ( a moment , then ) they 'il wait for it to get dark . Tom take another deep breath , steadying he nerve -- tom let 's just hope the conductor 's willing to help we ... the train 's whistle shriek as it near the station . Frank and Tom step forward . but then something terrible happen ... 77 . the train do not stop . it soar past they with devastating speed , each car a bullet in the air ... Frank and Tom watch the train grow small in the distance ... this be worse than they could have possibly imagine . int . church -- later the town have gather for a meeting . people scream and shout , fight for seat . before long , it 's stand room only -- int . doctor' office -- same time Sue , Leonard , and Nathan stare out the window -- watch as the entire town shuffles into the church ... Sue see she sister in the crowd , then rosaleigh and Edward donovan . and , finally , eli Peterson , not far behind ... and then Sue 's eye suddenly narrow -- George be stumbling down the street . he glance up at Sue briefly , then disappear inside the church ... nathan I wonder if my wife 's over there . we have a little girl . just turn six month old ... sue you can leave if you want . nobody 's force you to stay . nathan ( hesitates ) no , it 's my duty to protect you ... and that 's what I be go to do . the door suddenly open and Frank enter with Tom ; they shoulder sagging under a heavy burden -- sue no good ? Frank shake he head as Tom go to the window -- tom what 's go on at the church ? sue they call a town meeting ... tom my family over there ? 78 . sue just see ‘em go in ... Tom turn and quickly leave . Frank glance at the girl -- frank how 's she do ? sue Fine , assume she do not get hand over to a lynch mob . Frank look up at Sue and she beg he with she eye to go over and face he critic . he turn and leave the room . int . church -- same time the meeting be underway . a rancher ( 30 ) have the floor -- rancher could more of ‘em be come ? rancher # 2 oh , they be come , alright . just as sure as God 's vengeance . Frank Sullivan kill two of they man . that 's not the sort of thing you get to just walk away from ... Ben sanderford come down the aisle , distribute black & white photograph to different people -- BEN go over to the Hall of record and get this picture . this be what we be up against ... townspeople gasp as they look at the picture ; each one a grisly crime scene with blood - soak corpse -- BEN ( cont ’d ) they have gun that fire thirty round a second . and they be capable of this ... Ben hold up a particularly gruesome photograph . many townspeople turn away , unable to stomach the macabre ... BEN ( cont 'd ) now we do not know who this girl be or what she 's do . but one thing be certain ... she have a past . it 's dark and it 's ugly . and it want she dead . 79 . the photograph get pass up to reverend farley . he look at they quietly as Charlie Foster stand up to speak -- charlie ( cont ’d ) I do not like this , folk . not one bit . girl be suppose to testify at some trial ? okay . she get scared ? Fine . I can understand that . Hell , we all can . but then she run away and make she problem we own . and that 's not okay . I do not like people who run away from responsibility . it never end good . look at Leonard duschene . he desert the army and who pay the price ? we do . victim of the plague he be carry in he vein . innocent people always pay the price when coward abandon they duty . it 's happen before . and it 's happen now ... ( beat ) earlier today , I watch two man die less than a hundred yard from where my child go to school . it be not right . it be not fair . it 's not we responsibility ! townspeople voice they agreement as Charlie sit down ... in a nearby pew George fowler stare at one of the grisly photograph ; a terrible rage building inside of he ... back of the room the door softly open and Tom donovan come inside . he sit down by he family as a woman ( 40s ) stand up to speak -- woman I do not want my husband risk he life for some stranger . for all we know , this girl might even deserve what 's come to she . we have already lose so many people . how much can one town be expect to endure ? we soldier have already be through so much terror overseas . the last thing I want be for they to come home orphan . the woman sit down as soft murmur begin to ripple through the church . reverend farley suddenly look up ... 80 . Frank Sullivan be stand at the door . the room grow deathly quiet . Frank look around , about to speak when -- George fowler suddenly stand up , drunk and loud . he stare at Frank ; he eye flicker with the promise of violence . everyone wait anxiously for something to happen . and then -- George fowler turn and storm out of the church ... ext . MAIN STREET -- continuous George charge across the street , each footstep angrier than the last ; he hatred gather momentum ... int . doctor' office -- moment later Sue , Leonard , and Nathan look up as the door burst open . George fowler come inside , he eye dark and angry ... GEORGE I would like to speak to my wife . Nathan and Leonard look at Sue . she nod , it 's okay . George wait for they to leave , then charge towards she ... GEORGE ( cont 'd ) what the hell be you do ? sue what do you mean ? GEORGE do not play dumb with I . you know exactly what I mean . sue I be a doctor . this be my job . GEORGE you job ?! she be not you patient . the folk out there be . and you be about to get they all kill ! int . doctor' office -- MAIN floor -- that moment Leonard and Nathan stand in the lobby , listen to the mute sound of George and Sue argue upstairs ... nathan should we go up ? 81. Leonard hesitates , unsure . the fight grow louder ... int . doctor' office -- that moment George lean closer , get right in Sue 's face -- GEORGE why be you do this ? tell I ! sue stay away from I ... George grab she by the arm and pull she close ... GEORGE tell I why ! why be you put this town at risk ? for he ? sue God , you be drunk ... George slap she face , hard . Sue scream -- int . doctor' office -- MAIN floor -- that moment Leonard hear Sue 's cry and sprint up the stair ... Nathan remain freeze where he stand ; he face tear apart by anguish and shame . he suddenly look down ... int . doctor' office -- that moment George hit Sue again , this time with a close fist -- GEORGE you want to help Frank save this whore so that you can be he !? that 's it , be not it ? it 's be you reason all along ... George throw she to the ground , about to stomp she ... Leonard burst into the room and grab George from behind ... George stumble back , then drive a elbow into Leonard 's solar plexus and hurl he across the room ... int . doctor' office -- MAIN floor -- that moment Nathan hear a loud crash upstairs and suddenly look away ... there 's no such thing as bravery . only vary degree of fear . and deputy Nathan be crumble ... 82. he slowly unfasten he tin STAR and set it down . then he go to the door ... and disappear into the night . int . doctor' office -- that moment George tear through the room , knock everything to the ground . Sue get to she foot and charge towards he -- sue get out of here ! George grab she throat and slam she down on the desk -- GEORGE do you let he family die ? so you and he could be together just like you want ? to hell with this town ! to hell with this people ! just as long Sue get what she want ! he hit she again and again ... each punch a sicken thud against she skull ; brutal and awful -- his knuckle split and start to bleed . George grimace as he step away , let he wife 's limp body fall to the floor . he shake he hand for a moment and catch he breath . then he step forward ... and approach the young girl -- she continue to sleep , calm and peaceful ; completely unaware of the battle raging around she . George stare at she with murder in he eye ... and then , as if suddenly realize the barbarity of what he 's do , George fowler back away . and quietly leave the room . int . church -- same time Frank Sullivan stand in a sea of hostility , listen to various townspeople express they grievance -- man I remember when we boy be get draft , you say the war be wrong , that it be not we fight . but now you be ask we to risk we life ? for someone we do not even know ? have you lose you mind ?! she may look like you daughter , but that do not mean she 's worth save ... ( beat ) ( more ) 83 . man ( cont 'd ) you owe we a explanation . you have wagere all we life on this . everyone shout in agreement as the man sit back down . Frank take a deep breath , gather he thought -- frank I be not sure what to say , except ... this be we home , not some battle - field halfway across the world . man it 's a fight we do not ask for ! frank maybe not ... but it 's come just the same . man ( emotional ) first , it be the sickness . then the war . now this . it 's too much , I tell you ... too much . Frank stare at the man , not sure what to say . and then he see Kay Anderson stand across the room -- kay my husband die eight month ago when the flu spread through town . two day later , I watch my only son march off to war ... ( gather herself ) and every night since then , I have pray for just one thing . that my boy would come back to I ... alive . ( beat ) he 's due in next Thursday . Kay stare at Frank for moment , then -- kay ( cont 'd ) you and my sister do right in try to help this girl . nobody fault you for that . it be Christian charity , fine and decent . ( beat ) but when you kill that man today , you invite the devil back into we town . it 's you mistake , not ours . and we should not have to pay for it . I be begging you ... ( beat ) let this cup pass from we . 84 . Kay slowly sit down . Frank turn to face everyone -- frank what would you have I do ? wheel she out into the street so we can all close we window and pretend we do not hear the gunfire ? ( look up at farley ) should we put the girl in God 's hand and call it a day ? reverend farley there be worse hand to be in , Frank . much worse . frank that may be . but it be not so long ago that you would not even set foot in we cemetary to conduct a funeral . you remember ? because I do . sometimes God 's hand be no match against fear ... reverend farley you think I be a coward , Frank ? be that it ? you think we be all coward ? well , maybe we be ... ( beat ) but I will tell you this : we community have be through the darkest of night . look around you . maybe you will be strike , as I be , by all the people who be not here . ( point to various people ) ella - May lose she husband of fifty - three year . Mary Richardson lose she new baby boy . the fuller 's son die at verdun ; the Cooper 's boy at belleau Wood . the stevenson 's graciously adopt the three randall child after both they parent be kill . ( beat ) there be not a single family here who have not be touch by the tragedy of the past year . and now , just when the sun be finally start to rise ... ( hold up one of the gruesome photograph ) you want we to head back into the shadow and face something we do not understand . it 's ask a lot . 85 . frank I know , but I be not the one ask . ( turn to face everyone ) I do not ask for any of this . not for my wife to perish or my child to die . not for sickness . not for war . and certainly not for this girl ... ( beat ) but I can not just sit back and let harm come to she . I be surprised anyone here can ... consider everything we have be through . ( beat ) do not you understand ? if we turn away from this now ... we will never survive it . Frank stare at a sea of blank face ... frank ( cont 'd ) be not there someone here who want to stand up and say no more ? when do we become the sort of people who peer out of window and hide behind lock door ? that 's not we . that 's not who we be . ( beat ) who will stand up with I ? Frank glance around the room ... and start to call name -- frank ( cont 'd ) Bob ?... Thomas ?... Ralph ?... Earl ? each man reluctantly shake he head ... frank ( cont 'd ) Charlie ?... Ben ? both man shake they head . Frank turn to he father - in- law -- frank ( cont 'd ) eli ? eli Peterson stare at Frank with blank eye ... frank ( cont 'd ) we be family . eli we be . Frank take a deep breath , turn to one last person -- 86 . frank Tom ? Tom glance at he wife and son , then look down ... ashamed . frank ( cont 'd ) what if it be you daughter ? Tom slowly shake he head with tear in he eye -- tom it 's not . Edward stare at he father . rosaleigh tremble in she seat . frank what 's wrong with you ? all of you ?! this be basic right and wrong ... rosaleigh can not take it anymore . she suddenly erupt -- rosaleigh damnit , Frank , it 's easy for you to say ... we have something to live for . you do not ! the room plunge to silence . it 's a awful thing say ... but rosaleigh can not take it back -- frank be that what you think ? ( then , to everyone ) be that what all of you think ? nobody respond or even look Frank in the eye . they just stare at they hand ... as if idly pass the time . Frank slowly put on he hat ... and walk out of the church . ext . MAIN STREET -- later Frank come outside and stare at the empty street ; imagine what will be like to face gunman all by himself ... a cold wind suddenly blow , dark and ominous ; rattling the window pane like a harbinger of doom . Frank walk towards Sue 's clinic ... int . doctor 's office -- MAIN floor -- moment later Frank come inside and head for the stair . he see Nathan 's tin STAR on the counter ... and reluctantly pick it up . beat . 87. int . doctor' office -- later Sue and Leonard move quietly through the dark room , pick up the piece after George 's terrible rampage ... the door softly open and Frank Sullivan come inside . shatter glass crunch beneath he foot ... Frank turn on the light -- the room be tear asunder ; book and equipment scattered on the floor , two wounded people stand in the shadow ... Frank cross the room and grab Sue gently by the arm . she resist for a moment , then finally turn around -- her face be bruise and bloody . swollen eye , split lip . Frank have to bite he hand just to keep from scream -- sue Frank , please ... frank where be he ? sue I do not know . it do not matter . it 's over , he 's go ... Frank glance at the girl , expect the worst -- sue ( cont ’d ) she 's fine . he do not hurt she . Frank , please ... do not . Sue collapse into he arm and start to cry . Frank hesitates , then gently stroke she hair -- frank alright ... alright . Leonard turn and quietly leave the room . Frank wait for the door to shut , then guide Sue over to the couch ... frank ( cont 'd ) here , sit down . int . church -- same time townspeople sit in stunne silence , glance at each other as the weight of what happen start to take hold -- a few people begin to stand up ... and head for the door . 88 . int . doctor' office -- moment later Frank soak a cotton swab with alcohol and begin to clean Sue 's wound . she wince in pain -- frank sorry ... sue it 's okay . just sting a little . Frank slowly nod ... and continue with care . ext . church -- that moment townspeople come outside into the cold , grim night . some linger for a moment , other start to head home ... charlie I do not know about everyone else , but I could sure use a drink ... a few townspeople follow Charlie towards the saloon ... Tom , rosaleigh , and Edward stand nearby . Edward watch the depart citizen , tear by everything he 's just see ... tom we should probably stay in the office tonight ... ( off they look ) the wall be reinforce by steel . rosaleigh stare at she husband , then nod ... terrify . int . SALOON -- moment later the bartender turn on the light and discover George fowler sit at the counter , nervously rub he hand ... the bartender hesitates , then set down a bottle of whiskey . George pull the cork and pour himself a drink ... bartender George ? you hand be bleed ... George look up as the door open behind he . Charlie Foster and some other townspeople begin to trickle inside ... George grab the bottle and flee into the back room ... int . doctor 's office -- same time Sue stare at Frank as he quietly treat she wound ... 89 . sue he be not always like this . incase you be wonder ... frank wonder what ? sue ( a moment , then ) why I marry he . a train whistle suddenly shriek far in the distance ; so faint that Frank and Sue barely seem to notice ... sue ( cont ’d ) you and Emily ever fight ? frank on occasion . sue do it ever get ... bad ? Frank look at she ... and suddenly grasp she meaning -- frank no. never . ( beat ) it be always over little thing . should we get indoor plumbing ? buy a car ? be Kathryn old enough to date ? we argue about the future ... ( then , softly ) guess it be pretty silly , consider we do not have one . Frank tape a bandage to Sue 's cheek . they stare at each other for a moment , they face just inch apart ... sue why do you leave I ? Frank 's eye flicker , wounded and fill with regret -- frank I do not know how to answer that , Sue . I really do not . Sue take out the Rough Rider photograph , which she 's keep all this time . she slowly hand it to Frank -- sue be it everything they say it be go to be ? ( more ) 90 . sue ( cont 'd ) Roosevelt and he legendary Rough rider ... the adventure of a lifetime ? Frank stare at the photograph , ashamed . sue ( cont ’d ) I read storey about massacre ... one newspaper call it genocide . frank that 's one way of put it ... Frank stare at he past self , think of he son -- frank ( cont 'd ) all man fight in war for the same reason , Sue . it 's a matter of luck whether you get to be on the right side of history or not . Sue point to the young man in the photograph -- sue you know ... every now and then , I think about the boy who leave all that year ago ... and what life would have be like have he stay . ( beat ) I imagine he would have be kind . the train whistle suddenly shriek again ; close enough now that Frank and Sue can hear its engine chugge forward ... sue ( cont ’d ) be there go to be more bloodsh ? Frank 's dark eye give she the answer -- sue ( cont ’d ) you be certain ? frank as much as I be that the earth turn . sue be Tom go to help you ? Frank hesitates , then slowly shake he head ... sue ( cont ’d ) what about the other ? gl . Frank hold up the tin STAR Nathan abandon -- frank I be all alone on this . Frank set the badge down and stare at it for a moment . frank ( cont 'd ) I never wonder why you marry he . I always know . the only thing I never understand be ... why you do not wait . sue Frank , when you leave ... I be angry . I be sorry ... Frank reach out and touch she bruise face . Sue lean into he hand as tear trickle down she cheek ... then , in the depth of silence , Frank hear something -- frank listen ... sue what ? there 's nothing . frank ( Dramatic beat ) I know ... the train stop . ext . MAIN STREET -- that moment townspeople stare at the distant station , where thick tuft of smoke float into the dark evening sky -- ext . train station -- that moment a long train sit on the track , lurking ominously in the night like a dark trojan horse . then , suddenly -- a car door burst open ... a man ( 40 ) step onto the platform . all alone . dress in a beautiful suit , wear confidence like a bullet proof vest . he look around the empty station , smile at the shadow . then he slowly turn ... and walk straight into town -- ext . MAIN STREET -- continuous the man stroll down the street , whistling a familiar tune ... ( " do not forsake I , oh my darling " ) 92 . the melody float through the air ; cheerful and creepy . townspeople flee into building as the stranger approach ... int . SALOON -- that moment patron take cover ... int . sundry store -- that moment Kay duck out of view ... int . telegraph office -- that moment eli Peterson sit at he desk , quietly listen ... int . sheriff' office -- that moment Tom , rosaleigh , and Edward exchange nervous glance ... int . church -- that moment farley watch a dark figure float past he window ... int . leonard duschene 's room -- that moment Leonard slowly turn and open he bedroom closet . he stare at he wwi uniform ... and then pull out he rifle . int . doctor' office -- that moment the young girl squirm in fear as the whistling come closer . Sue check she pulse . Frank go to the window ... ext . SALOON -- that moment the stranger look up at the wwi banner and suddenly stop whistling . then he smile ... and enter the saloon . int . doctor' office -- that moment Frank step away from the window and head for the door . Sue watch he leave , then glance back at the young girl ... int . SALOON -- that moment the stranger smile as patron stand up from behind they table ... and reluctantly sit back down -- stranger you folk expect a tornado or something ? Charlie glance at Ben from the corner of he eye . everyone else look away , too frighten to answer ... 93 . bartender what ’1ll it be , mister ? stranger shot of rye , if ya get it . the bartender nod and start to pour . the stranger glance over he shoulder , draw strength from everyone 's fear -- stranger ( cont ’d ) Nice town ya get here . bartender pass through ? stranger something like that . the stranger pick up he drink and gulp it down -- ext . MAIN STREET -- that moment Frank Sullivan step out into the empty street , make he way towards the saloon ... int . sheriff' office -- that moment Tom stare quietly out the window , watch he friend charge through the night towards the unknown ... edward you go to go over there ? Tom glance at he son , unsure . beat . int . SALOON -- same time the stranger set down he empty glass ... bartender another ? the stranger nod , why not ? the bartender pour ... stranger get a doctor around this part ? patron glance nervously at each other ... stranger ( cont ’d ) say you get shot , for example ... where would you go ? 94 . bartender I really do not know . I be the not the person to talk to about that sort of thing . the stranger stare at the bartender and smile -- stranger what do I owe for the rye ? bartender thirty cent ... stranger tell you what ... the stranger throw a wad of money on the counter -- stranger ( cont ’d ) I will make it a hundred dollar ... if you tell I who be the person to talk to about that sort of thing . bartender I do not understand ... stranger oh , I think you do . the bartender shake he head as the stranger lean forward , focus , unrelent ... refuse to take no for a answer ... and then , suddenly , they hear a door open -- Frank Sullivan come into the bar . he stare at the stranger for a moment , then sit down at a nearby table . the stranger glance at the bartender , '' him ? '' the bartender nod ... and pocket the hundred dollar . across the room Frank listen to the stranger 's approach footstep and then look up as a dark shadow fall across he face -- stranger ( cont ’d ) I be wonder if you could help I ? frank you do not look like the sort of man who need much help . the stranger smile and sit down -- 95 . stranger we all need a little help , especially in a strange town ... ( beat ) I be look for a girl . medium build . five and a half foot tall . Fair complexion . very beautiful . ( beat ) sound like anybody you know ? Frank shake he head as the door open again . Tom donovan quietly enter , follow by reverend farley ... stranger ( cont ’d ) I work for some people who be very concerned about she . we have reason to believe she be in the area . send a couple man out look for she , but ... they seem to have disappear . frank maybe they run off together . maybe they do not want to be find ... stranger well , if that 's the case , it 's even more important that we find they . the girl , at least . frank ( confused ) what about the man ? stranger as long as we find the girl , we would be willing to forget about they . call it a even exchange . ( Dramatic beat ) we man ... for you deputy . the stranger set a blood - stained badge down on the table -- stranger ( cont ’d ) you will be happy to know he be very brave . do not even scream . Said to tell he kid he love ‘em . Frank glance at Tom , freeze across the room . stranger ( cont ’d ) be it a matter of money ? if not , then what be it ? I see that cemetery when I come in . ( more ) 96 . stranger ( cont ’d ) pretty crowded . how many able - body man could this town possibly have leave ? Frank slowly look up , calm and defiant -- stranger ( cont ’d ) do you have any idea who you be deal with ? look what we do ina few short hour . you wire for the fed . we man show up , instead . you telegraph be cut . you train station be off the map . do not you realize how alone you be ? Frank stare at the stranger ... but do not respond . beat . stranger ( cont ’d ) you know ... I remember when the flu spread last year , the government send a dispatch to town like this . you probably get it ... ( quoting ) ... '' round up you woodworker and set they to make coffin . then round up you street laborer ... and set they to digging grave . " ( beat ) that be all the help you get then . and it 's all you be get now . the stranger suddenly reach into he coat . everyone tense , fear he 's about to draw a gun ... ..- but the stranger take out a collection of paper , instead . he look up at Frank , smile like the devil ... stranger ( cont ’d ) do you know how easy it be to intercept a telegraph ? a few snip and a little cut ... and the signal get re-route . ( hold up first page ) from the town of spark ... everyone lean forward as the stranger read --— stranger ( cont ’d ) ... dear sheriff , stop . we regret we have no man to send at this time , stop . very sorry , stop . ( turn the page ) from Dawson ... sheriff donovan , stop . unable to provide help , stop . ( more ) 97 . stranger ( cont ’d ) please keep we abreast as the situation unfold , stop . ( turn the page ) from ridgeview ... townspeople start to look away , sense the pattern ... stranger ( cont ’d ) have neither resource nor man to spare , stop . deeply regret , stop . ( look up at Frank ) '' good luck , stop . the stranger throw the papers down on the table -- stranger ( cont ’d ) you can read the rest for yourself . they all say the same thing . nobody 's come . why would they ? Frank shuffles through the message one at a time . the stranger watch , genuinely puzzle -- stranger ( cont ’d ) why be you do this ? what 's in it for you ? do you even know who you be risk you life for ? Frank 's eye flicker faintly with doubt -- stranger ( cont ’d ) you think she 's worth save ? a damsel in distress in need of a white knight ? you think by defend she , you will redeem this town ? maybe even yourself ? that you have finally get a cause worth fight for ? Boy ... have I get a few surprise for you . ( raising he voice ) she 's a hooker . sorry to disappoint you , but ... that 's what she be . a two - bit whore . pay she enough , she will do anything you want . fucked the wrong guy , hear the wrong thing . and now she 's a nothing witness in a nothing case ... ( beat ) you be tell I you be gonna risk you life and life of all this people to save someone like she ? have you think this through ? train and telegraph be the least we can do . ( more ) 98 . stranger ( cont ’d ) we will wipe this town off the face of the earth . you will see . we be just get warm up . the stranger look around the room as he word take hold -- stranger ( cont ’d ) now why do not you do the sensible thing and mind you own business ? this girl have no friend . no family . when she 's go , there will be no newspaper headline mourn she death . she will not have a funeral or even a obituary . because no one will remember she long enough to forget she . it will be as though she never exist . all you have to do be order another drink and try not to worry about thing that be beyond you control . alright ? Frank hesitates -- deep in think . and then -- George fowler come out of the back room and take a seat at the bar , totally oblivious to what 's go on ... frank Excuse I ... Frank stand up and charge across the room . the stranger watch , confuse by he sudden departure ... at the counter Frank grab Charlie 's empty Beer glass and hurl it right into George 's face . he look up , stunne -- Frank knock two of he tooth out with the first blow . the second bruise a kidney and the third crack a rib ... townspeople flee from the eye of the storm .. across the room the stranger watch the attack with a faint smile ; as if suddenly recognize a worthy opponent ... near the door Tom step forward , try to restore order -- tom Frank ! Frank ! that 's enough ! you be kill he ! 99 . Frank slam George 's face into the counter , shard of glass splinter he skin . George drop to the ground -- Frank bend over , about to lift he to he foot ... ..+.- when he suddenly hear the click of a gun -- tom ( cont 'd ) goddamnit , Frank , I say enough ! Frank look up and see Tom point a shotgun at he from across the room . his eye fill with betrayal ... and rage . tom ( cont 'd ) back away . now . Frank slowly approach he friend -- frank you be gonna shoot I , Tom ? or just arrest I ? Tom peer over the shotgun as Frank take a step closer ; both barrel now just inch from he chest . and then -- Frank snatch the gun out of Tom 's hand . everyone gasp as he open the boxlock , let the shell fall to the floor ... frank ( cont 'd ) you be not do either today ... ( quoting Tom from earlier ) now , why do not you do what you be good at , sheriff ... and stand aside . Frank throw the gun down and charge back across the room ... frank ( cont 'd ) Sam , whiskey . the bartender set a bottle down . Frank pick it up ... at the end of the bar George pull himself to he foot . blood pour down he face , blind he vision . he slowly turn around ... ... Frank smashes he face with the whiskey bottle ! Glass shatter , the alcohol sting like acid . George scream ... and go down for the count . but Frank be on top of he , punch and wail , kick and stomping , beat this man within a inch of he life . 100 . across the room the stranger glance around the saloon , assess different people 's reaction . some seem horrify . other , inspire . at the bar finally , Frank stop . just short of murder . he grab George by the collar and get right in he face ... frank ( cont 'd ) look at I ... this be what happen when you hurt woman . Frank throw George back to the ground , then slowly turn around to face the linger stranger -- frank ( cont 'd ) you be say ? the stranger smile . and pick up right where he leave off -- stranger there 's no need for you to go and get the good people of this town hurt . all we want be the girl . Frank wipe the blood off he face , then -- frank you can not have she . the stranger stare at Frank with a faint smile . there it be . the dye be cast . Frank Sullivan have cross the rubicon . the stranger glance at George writhe on the ground , then walk across the room ... and disappear out the door . ext . SALOON -- continuous the stranger look up once more at the wwi banner . then he turn and walk down the street ... whistling the entire way . int . SALOON -- same time everyone stare at at Frank Sullivan -- he do not ask for any help or offer any explanation . he just put one foot in front of the other ... .-- and charge right out the front door . beat . Tom watch the door shut , then walk across the room and pick up he deputy 's tin STAR . he wipe it with he thumb ... 101 . .-. the blood smear across the metal , leave Tom donovan to stare at he own reflection in the brass -color tin . int . doctor' office -- moment later Sue look up as Frank come into the room . she see the blood on he shirt . her eye suddenly go wide -- sue what do you do ? frank you have to leave now ... sue why ? be they come ? frank no ... they be already here . Frank grab Sue by the arm and pull she to the door ... sue Frank , wait a minute . Frank ... ( then , scream ) ... take you hand off I ! Frank suddenly let go . Sue look at he , softly -- sue ( cont 'd ) sorry . Frank nod quietly , then glance at the girl ; still asleep , completely unaware of what this man be about to do for she . sue ( cont ’d ) be you sure about this ? Frank hesitates , then slowly shake he head -- sue ( cont ’d ) then do not . please , just ... do not . frank it 's too late . I be sorry ... Frank turn and head for the door . Sue follow he , realize she may never see he again -- sue I do not understand ... why be this you responsibility ? Frank , stop ! she grab he arm , desperate to make he stay -- 102 . sue ( cont ’d ) tell I why ! why do you have to go out there and face this alone ? Frank suddenly erupt , frustrated and out of time -- frank goddamnit , because I do not have a choice . because there 's a chance I might be able to help someone tonight . and I have to go . do you understand ? I have to go . Sue slowly let go of he arm . Frank stare at she for a moment , then nod at the young girl -- frank ( cont 'd ) push she away from the window before the fight start ... and then he turn and walk down the hall ... sue Frank ? ( he stop , turn around ) when it 's all over , I will be here ... ( softly ) .-- wait . Frank slowly nod , then disappear down the stair . ext . MAIN STREET -- moment later Frank come outside into the cold night air , crunching gravel beneath he boot as he walk down the empty street ... he take position behind a building and wait ; he rifle tremble in he hand ; he breathe deep and heavy ... Frank Sullivan be afraid -- we can see it in he eye . int . doctor' office -- that moment Sue push the girl 's bed away from the window , then close the shutter and lean against the wall . her eye close with dread . she slide down to the floor ... int . church -- same time reverend farley kneel in the third row of he empty church ; hand clasped together tightly in prayer ... 103 . int . sheriff' office -- same time Tom come inside , shake and undone . he stare at he wife for a moment , then hear a soft click sound ... Edward be stand across the room , load a rifle -- tom what be you do ? edward be you and Mom go to ask about the limp in my step ? tom ( hesitates ) I have not notice ... edward sure you do . you both do . you just pretend not to . Tom step forward , scared to know the answer -- tom Edward , I ask you a question ... why be you load that rifle ? Edward slide a final round into the chamber and slam it home . he turn to face he father -- edward it be just outside neuve chapelle . I take a bullet in the thigh ... tom you never mention it in you letter . edward there be a lot of thing I do not mention in my letter ... ( beat ) there be a french family who give I shelter . if the Germans have find I , that family would have be execute . I be a stranger to they just like this girl be a stranger to you ... and yet they risk they life in order to save mine . Edward turn to leave , have make he point ... 104 . tom where be you go ? edward to do what I can ... Tom pull Edward back from the door -- tom no , damnit , you be stay here ! you mother and I do not wait through that blast war just to lose you in some street brawl ! edward let go of I , I be not a child --! tom you be my child ! Edward look at he father , suddenly calm -- edward I know you be afraid ... ( beat ) but I be only alive because of people like Frank Sullivan . Tom 's grip weaken and Edward pull way . he glance at he mother one last time , then open the door ... and leave . rosaleigh turn to Tom , frantic and undone -- rosaleigh Tom ? do something ! Tom go to the window and watch he son walk away . then he take out he deputy 's tin star ... and stare at it once more . int . SALOON -- same time Charlie Foster and Ben sanderford hover around George fowler ; crunching glass beneath they cautious footstep ... charlie Jesus Christ . that be the finest beat I ever see . BEN Frank go too far . George do not deserve that ... eli Peterson suddenly step forward -- 105 . eli no , he deserve worse . and sooner . any man lay a hand on he wife have it comin’ . call I old fashioned . townspeople glance at each other quietly as eli stare at the blood - soak man squirming on the floor -- eli ( cont 'd ) my son- in - law be about to die alone in the street ... ( then , softly ) what have we become ? ext . train station -- same time the stranger 's footstep echo as he walk quietly along the train . he stop at the engine and slowly turn around ... then , suddenly -- the stranger stop whistling . on that signal , every single car door suddenly open ... fifty gangster step out into the night , dress in black coat , dangle tommy gun like samurai sword ... CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET -- same time Frank grip he gun tightly as he wait in the darkness . he hear a faint rustling ... and glance across the street -- Leonard duschene be crouch in a alley , hold he rifle . Frank nod quietly . Leonard nod back . and then -- Movement from above suddenly catch Frank 's eye ... townspeople be take position to help in the fight -- ..- Charlie Foster throw a rifle up to Ben sanderson , then climb a fire escape to the top of the saloon ... ..+.- bar patron take cover in the alley ... ..- eli Peterson and the Civil War vet crouch along the rooftop , draw they service revolver one at a time ... ...- Tom and Edward donovan stand side by side , each point a rifle towards the darkness up ahead ... CUT to : 106 . ext . town -- moment later the town sit quietly beneath a brilliant full moon , enjoy its last few moment of peace and tranquility ... suddenly , the barrel of a tommy gun dip into frame , follow by black boot and a army of dark trench coat ... ext . MAIN STREET -- continuous Frank Sullivan see the approach shadow . he glance at the other townspeople . they all take cover ... the gangster pass beneath the wwi banner , glance up at the quiet rooftop as they make they way into town ... townspeople grip they weapon , wait for Frank 's move ... Frank take a deep breath as the shadow pass by . finally , he step into full view , take aim ... and pull the trigger . bam ! a gangster be head explode in a bright puff of red ... CUT to : int . doctor' office -- that moment Sue look up at the crack of Frank 's rifle . outside , gunfire erupt . the terrifying rapid fire of tommy gun -- ext . MAIN STREET -- that moment the wwi banner fall to the ground as machine gun explode ... Frank and the townspeople dive for cover as bullet slam into building , splintering wood and shatter window ... the gun expel thousand of round , each with the power to cut a man 's body apart . but then the magazine empty ... and the townspeople seize they moment -- they step out of hide as the gangster reload . Frank fire again , follow by Leonard , Tom , eli , Charlie , and ben-- five gangster fall as the rest dive for cover . they reload they tommy gun ... and the bombardment continue -- CUT to : quick interior shot -- Sue , rosaleigh , and Kay all dive for cover as bullet hit they building ... CUT to : 107 . super wide shot -- people who fle the town earlier stand far in the distance , watch gunfire light up they home ... CUT to : a aging civil war vet be the first townsperson to die . he take three shot in the torso and slump over the roof ... CUT to : a bar patron take a shot in the head ... CUT to : Charlie and Ben stand up to shoot ... CUT to : Tom and Edward take turn cover and fire ... CUT to : Leonard duschene kill two gangster from the alley , then get drive back by a barrage of gunfire ... CUT to : Frank dive behind a model - T . gunshot shatter the window ... Frank lean forward and fire beneath the engine . a gangster 's shin explode and he fall to the ground . Frank finish he off with a shot to the head . int . doctor' office -- that moment Sue crawl along the floor and peer out the window . outside , body fill the street as townspeople take cover ... Sue glance at the young girl , clearly conflict . outside , another townsperson fall , wounded ... Sue fill a black medical bag ... and dash out the door . ext . MAIN STREET -- that moment the stranger blast away with he tommy gun as he walk down the street . calm . unafraid . shield by shadow . he shoot a civil war vet . then a bar patron . then a rancher on a roof . the stranger watch he body slump forward , fall four storey to the ground . CUT to : 108. Sue come outside and race down the alley . she kneel beside the rancher as gunfire ricochet around they ... CUT to : gangster step out into the street , clearly gain ground . townspeople fall back , retreate for cover ... CUT to : Sue dodge bullet as she dart between patient ; do whatever she can as the madness rage around she ... CUT to : the stranger empty he gun and then signal for a cease fire . a eerie silence fall on the town ... .-. except for faint cry of man in they death throes -- stranger ( shout ) you hear that ?! nobody want this ! just give we the girl !! there 's a thousand dollar for any man who tell we where she be ! bam ! a gangster take a bullet in the head and fall to the ground . the stranger duck as he man resume fire -- townsperson # 1 ( 0.s. ) ( shout ) keep you money ! the stranger 's face harden . he shout to someone nearby -- stranger who 's get the grenade ? quick shot -- Edward donovan 's eye go wide ... gangster # 1 I do ! stranger use ‘em ! gangster # 1 pull the pin on a grenade and toss it onto the roof where Charlie and Ben be position ! quick shot -- Edward scream , too late -- edward get out of there ! 109 . boom !!! a giant explosion send the two regular to they maker . townspeople lurch back , horrify -- CUT to : the stranger smile , then nod for he man to continue . they fire into building , shatter window ... then they toss in grenade -- boom ! boom ! boom ! the explosion rock the town ; one of the building collapse in flame . the tommy gun resume fire ... CUT to : Tom scream to Edward as everyone dive for cover -- tom ' the hell be that thing ?! edward shoot ‘em as they throw ! tom what ?! edward cover I ! Edward stand to fire . Tom lay down some cover ... CUT to : gangster # 1 pull the pin of a grenade ... CUT to : Edward watch the gangster lean back to throw ... and then suddenly pull the trigger -- CUT to : gangster # 1 lurch forward as a bullet tear through he chest . the grenade land on the ground , roll ... it stop by a large group of gangster and ..... booooom ! !! CUT to : Edward get hit by shrapnel as Tom pull he away ... edward ( cont 'd ) Christ , I do not believe it ...! 110 . tom be you hurt ? where be you hit ?! edward the same goddamn leg ! CUT to : Frank peer around the corner of a alley . he see the bag of grenade lie beside gangster # 1 's body ... Frank raise he rifle ... and fire ! boom !!! the bag explode , send five more gangster straight to hell ... CUT to : super wide shot -- that who fle watch in horror . half they town be on fire . and the tommy gun have start again ... CUT to : the remain gangster unload everything they have ; ready to slaughter every last man , woman , and child ... CUT to : Tom lean Edward against a wall as gunfire thunder around they . Sue suddenly appear , kneel beside they -- tom it 's he leg ... Sue give Edward a shot of morphine and shove a piece of wood between he tooth ... sue here , bite down on this ... Edward bite down . Sue grab a pair of plier ... sue ( cont ’d ) this be go to hurt ... Edward slowly nod , brace for the worst . Sue dig into he wounded thigh , pull out a thick piece of blood - soak shrapnel . Edward scream ... and then gunfire erupt all around they ! down the alley a gangster approach , about to kill both donovan and Sue fowler . suddenly , a gunshot rip he head apart ... 111 . Tom , Edward , and Sue slowly look up ... and see reverend farley on the roof of he church , hold a smoking rifle . CUT to : eli pick up a tommy gun , try to figure out how it work . suddenly , three bullet slam into he chest ! eli fall to the ground and stare at he blood - soak torso . Three dark shadow step forward and surround he -- gangster # 2 where be she ? eli look up defiantly , refuse to answer . gangster # 2 lift he boot and push down on the wound -- gangster # 2 ( cont 'd ) where . be . she . eli close he eye in pain we can only imagine . then , suddenly -- gunshot tear the gangster apart ... .-- and Frank Sullivan step out of the shadow . ext . / int . sheriff' office -- that moment rosaleigh scream as gunfire hit the steel door -- gangster # 3 ( 0.s. ) hey , you hear that ? there 's a woman in there ! it 's she ! rosaleigh step back , horrify . the shoot continue ... and then the gangster begin to break down the door ! int . sundry store -- continuous Kay hide behind the register as three gangster come inside . they footstep come closer ... and closer ... Kay tremble , afraid to die . suddenly , gunfire erupt and two body hit the ground . Kay hear the sound of hand - to-hand fight ... someone scream ... and a body hit the floor . Kay hear labor breathe . she peer around the corner ... Three gangster lie dead in pool of blood ; two from gunshot wound , the other from a knife stick out of he back ... 112 . and then Kay see someone else -- Leonard duschene , slump against the door , clutching he wounded torso ... Kay grab she husband 's crepe and rush to Leonard 's side . she put pressure on the wound ... but Leonard stop she , shaking he head . Kay hesitates , then wrap she arm he , gently cradling the die man . ext . MAIN STREET -- that moment Sue dodge gunfire as she charge across the street and race down a alley . finally , she reach Frank and eli ... Frank look up at she , desperate . please , do something . Sue open she bag and start to treat eli 's wound . but the blood on the ground tell she it 's not look good ... ext . / int . sheriff' office -- that moment the door hinge start to give way as gangster break down the door . one of they fire through the crack ! rosaleigh dive for the cover as gunshot rip through the office . gunpowder get ignite ... and fire begin to spread ! the gangster continue to bash down the door . the crack get wider ... and wider . they be almost inside ... but , then , suddenly -- gunshot come from behind , kill three of the gangster instantly . the other dive for cover and return fire ... CUT to : Tom and Edward be across the street , shoot . Tom look up and suddenly realize the office be on fire -- tom God , no ... ext . MAIN STREET -- alley -- that moment Sue work furiously to stop eli 's bleed . suddenly , he grab she arm and gently push it away -- eli it 's okay ... I be think ... of my little girl . eli 's head slowly roll back . he die in Sue 's arm . 113 . Frank stare at he father - in - law , overwhelm . he hear distant gunfire ... and see Tom and Edward pin down . sue Frank , wait ! Frank pick up the tommy gun and charge down the street ... Sue watch he go , then shift she glance . her eye suddenly narrow . she 's stare at the saloon . ext . sheriff' office -- that moment Tom take a bullet in the arm and fall to the ground . Edward try to help , but gunfire drive he away ... tom stay back ! stay back ! gangster cross the street , about to finish they off ... int . sheriff' office -- that moment rosaleigh crawl along the floor , overwhelm by smoke and fire . she climb the staircase , head for the roof ... ext . sheriff' office -- that moment Tom and Edward both hear a hollow click as they gun run out of bullet . gangster surround they ... on the roof rosaleigh come outside and see she two man surround ; helpless , expose , about to die ... rosaleigh nol !!! the gangster look up at rosaleigh 's scream . and then -- Frank suddenly appear , wield a tommy gun with focus and rage . he fire at head level , cut the gangster down ! they body land beside Edward and tom. both donovan look at Frank ... but they do not have time to say thank you -- because flame suddenly burst through the roof ! frank rosaleigh , jump ! rosaleigh look down and shake she head . a fall from this height will surely break she leg ... 114 . frank ( cont 'd ) you have to jump . now ! rosaleigh tremble as flame explode through the window ... int . SALOON -- that moment Sue walk around the bar and see she husband lie in a pool of dry blood and shattered glass ... GEORGE who 's there ...? Sue take a deep breath and kneel beside he -- GEORGE ( cont 'd ) you come to finish I off ? Sue stare at George for a long , terrible moment . and then she open she bag ... and begin to treat he wound . ext . MAIN STREET -- that moment the stranger stand in the shadow , watch from a distance as Frank urge rosaleigh to jump off the roof ... at the sheriff office Tom and Edward struggle to get to they foot . they shout encouragement as Frank step closer -- frank rosaleigh , jump ! now ! rosaleigh I can not ! frank you can ! i’1l catch you ! boom !!! another explosion nearly consume she . rosaleigh take a deep breath ... and step off the ledge ! Tom watch he wife fall gracefully for two storey and land in Frank 's arm . they collapse ... wounded , but alive . int . SALOON -- that moment George stare at Sue as she bandage he arm -- GEORGE can not you just give I something for the pain ? 115 . Sue hesitates , then stick he with a shot morphine . George close he eye with relief ... Sue slip off she wedding ring and set it beside he . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ( confused ) what 's that for ? sue ( a moment , then ) my pain . Sue shut she bag and disappear out the back door . ext . MAIN STREET -- that moment the stranger raise he gun , about to pull the trigger . but then he glance at the saloon ... and suddenly get a idea . ext . sheriff' office -- that moment Sue come over and kneel beside the donovan ... Frank crouch nearby , load a rifle and two revolver . he give the handgun to Edward and Tom , then stand to leave -- tom where you go ? Frank nod at Sue 's distant clinic -- frank ( re : girl ) ' make sure she 's okay ... Tom nod as Frank take off down the street ... int . SALOON -- that moment the stranger step through the shadow and kneel beside George fowler . the wounded man look up -- stranger where be she ? George take a deep breath , then slowly raise he bloody arm and point out the window ... right at Sue 's clinic . the stranger nod , then shoot George fowler in the head -- ext . MAIN STREET -- that moment Sue look up at the crack of a gunshot ... 116 . the stranger emerge from the saloon . he signal to he five remain man , point towards Sue 's clinic - - sue Jesus , no ... Tom and Edward both look up , horrify -- int . doctor' office -- MAIN floor -- that moment Frank enter through the back door and head for the stair -- gangster ( 0.s. ) hold it right there ! Frank stop and slowly turn around . a gangster stand near the door , point a tommy gun right at he ... gangster ( cont ’d ) in here , boy ! the other four gangster come in and slowly surround Frank ... gangster ( cont ’d ) ( to Frank ) hand in the air ... Frank glance up at the ceiling , take notice of the hang chandelier -- the room 's only light source . Frank raise he arm ... but do not drop he rifle . gangster ( cont ’d ) hey , Bright Boy ... I mean drop the gun , first ! Frank suddenly pull the trigger and the chandelier explode . the room plunge to darkness as tommy gun erupt -— - the brutal gunshot light up the room with ear-splitt violence . anguish scream of die man quickly follow -- anything that move get shot at . body dance at the bullet , tear apart in the deadly crossfire ... and then the gun fall with they owner , hit the blood - soak ground as powder smoke fill the room . the stillness linger for a moment ... and then , suddenly , there 's movement . a body shifting on the floor -- it 's Frank , still alive . last man stand . but he 's wounded .-- bad enough that he 's unable to get back on he foot . 117 . so he crawl , through fall body and pool of blood . Hand over hand , foot over foot ; reach for the stair ... ext . MAIN STREET -- that moment the stranger stare at Sue 's clinic , now quiet in the absence of gunfire . he walk across the street ... int . doctor 's office -- upstair -- that moment Frank cough blood as he crawl to Sue 's office . he hear the door open downstairs . the stranger be inside the building ... int . doctor' office -- MAIN floor -- that moment the stranger light a kerosene lamp and stare at the body on the floor . he see a blood trail lead up the stair ... and then the stranger hear Frank crawl ... int . doctor 's office -- continuous Frank push the door open and crawl into the room as the stranger 's footstep start to thunk up the stair ... Frank look around , desperate to find something he can use to block the door . but there 's nothing . he 's stick ... Frank turn and crawl over to the girl 's bedside ... he reach up with he good arm and pull she down to the floor . her limp body land softly beside he ... Frank lean she against the bed as the stranger 's footstep reach the top of the stair and come down the hall ... thunk ...thunk ... thunk ... Frank take out he revolver and open the cylinder . he slide the last few round into the chamber ... then , suddenly -- Frank feel a tremor of movement beside he . he slowly turn ... and see -- the young girl be awake , stare right at he . the life in Frank 's eye be fade fast . and the stranger 's boot have stop just outside the door . with he last ounce of strength , Frank put the load gun into the girl 's hand ... and pull back the hammer . 118 . Frank stare at the girl for a dramatic moment , then fall into she lap as the door softly open ... the girl slowly look up , horrify -- the stranger enter the room , each footstep slow and ominous . he hold up he lantern and look right at she ... the girl 's breathe quicken . she clearly recognize he .. the stranger smile and take another step forward . and then he shift he glance to Frank Sullivan lie on the floor ... the girl 's eye narrow with steely resolve . no longer afraid . sense a opportunity . she raise Frank 's revolver ... .-- and pull the trigger . the lantern shatter as the bullet explode the stranger 's skull . a mesh of brain , blood , and tooth splatter the wall -- the stranger drop to he knee ... and then he body fall forward like a giant tree , hit the wooden floor with a dull , sicken thud . the girl 's breathe grow calm . she slowly lower the smoking gun ... and look down at Frank Sullivan -- his eye appear vacant and he chest rise and fall with the shallowest of breath . we be watch he die ... ..- but then the young girl 's hand dip into frame , caress he neck . she lean down and wrap she arm around he ... and Frank seem to draw strength from she embrace ... more hand suddenly appear . the survive townspeople hoist Frank into the air and carry he over to the table ... Sue fowler immediately go to work ... Tom and Edward help the girl walk across the room and sit down in a chair . she turn and look out the window -- body litter the street . the girl 's eye go wide ... she glance back at Frank Sullivan , lie on the table , surround by friend fight to save he life . Frank Sullivan , a man she 's never meet , but who risk everything to save she . for reason she may never know . fade to black : 119 . ext . sullivan ranch -- morning snowflake fall from the sky and blanket the ground with a soft layer of white as far as the eye can see ... int . sullivan ranch -- bedroom -- same time Frank Sullivan lie in bed , he body tattooe with bruise and laceration . suddenly , he open he eye ... ... and see someone across the room -- Sue fowler get out of she chair and slowly approach . she kneel at he bedside , smile gently -- sue how be you feel ? Frank glance at he body , then nod . not bad ... consider . int . sullivan house -- downstair -- later Frank and Sue come out into the hallway and limp towards the stair . they start to tackle they one a time ... halfway down , Frank Sullivan suddenly stop ... his house be fill with people -- the donovan . Kay Anderson . a few familiar face from the saloon ... Frank and Sue reach the main floor and everyone surround they . Frank smile as he receive pat on the back ... and then he sense another presence in the room -- the young girl . she 's stand near the window , wear a brand new dress , look vibrant , beautiful ... and full of life . Frank 's breathe quicken as she stand before he , look deep into the eye of the man who save she life ... as tear begin to fall down she cheek , the girl throw she arm around Frank and hold on for dear life ... everyone watch this tender scene unfold , touch by Frank 's journey . satisfied by he reward . Frank Sullivan be deal the great of tragedy . but in this moment ... he have a awful lot to live for . the end