( name of Project ) by ( name of first writer ) ( base on , if any ) revision by ( name of subsequent writer , in order of work perform ) current revision by ( current writer , date ) name ( of company , if applicable ) address phone number int . subway car -- night close on two eye , close . a young man , sit up , asleep . a noise , like a slapping , not loud . repeated , again , again . the eye blink open . unsure where we be . they look around . we pull back : the young man wear a jacket and tie . he sit on a bench in a subway , the car move fast through darkness . we pull back further : the car be empty , just the young man . bang , the noise suddenly be louder . it seem to come from the next car down . now it go back to the quiet slapping . the young man look at the door to the next car . he can not see anything . the train rattles as it take a curve . the young man get up from the bench and take he briefcase . he walk toward the next car , he attention on the door . zarummmmm ! he slip on the floor and fall on he back . his head slam down hard , and he just lay there , deck . but he hand feel moist , he body feel wet , like he slip in a puddle . he hold both hand up above he head they 're cover in blood ! blood pour down he coat sleeve ! more blood on he face ! we pull back : the young man lie in a huge lake of blood . he pull himself up from the floor , and we see that he be soak in blood , like he 's have a bath in it . he shiver . the next shock : a blood pool at the door to the next car . the young man approach the door carefully , almost slide a second time . he move more slowly , creep up to the door . the window of the door be cover in blood . the young man can not see through it . he have to get closer , right up to it . his eye move next to the glass , which reflect red on he . Pov through the window : we see a huge dark figure , hold a immense mallet . the figure bring the mallet down , again and again and again , repeatedly pound , blood hit the glass in splashes . the young man back away . he look around . outside the train , pitch black . no one else be around . he look behind he . the car on the other side be dark , empty , no one there . now the young look back at the window . the glass be black . but there be something there -- a huge eye stare straight back at we . it 's the dark figure looking straight at US . the young man be horrify , he expression total terror . ext . subway train -- continuous close on subway window as they fly past . we stay close enough to see what look like side of meat hang inside . and a dark figure be dragging someone through the subway car . ext . CITY STREET -- day in slow motion , a young man walk down a sidewalk , and , as he walk , he lift a camera . he stop and turn toward we . he aim directly at the camera and shoot . leon kaufman , late 20' , hair unruly , face unshaven , eye pierce , dark . we leave slow motion : Leon shoikot more shot of the street . int . leon 's apartment - day mounted on a wall , a series of black and white still : -- busy street , cab stop at a curb . man in a suit , hand out like a tackler , steal a cab by shove another man . -- a homeless campfire under a underpass . a dishevel homeless man come at we with a bottle in hand . +e hf % -- a police car pull over by a sidewalk , two cop * lean over a guy in a leather jacket , hand behind he . * -- a shot of a breathtaking girl , 20' , dark hair , hand on * hip , smile sexily in a park , look at we . * we pull back to reveal -- * the same girl , maya jone , be read a textbook at a kitchen table . she 's sexy in old pajamas and be wear read glass . smart as she be sexy , street smart , not just book smart . lean over the shot be leon kaufman . late 20 's , he hair a mop of unruly curl , face unshaven , eye pierce and dark . he be at the kitchen sink , the counter top fill with darkroom equipment . Leon look at Maya , then at the photo of she in the park . leon the chick in the photo 's hotter . Maya give he a grin and a finger . he come over . Maya go in for a kiss - it 's a combination of passion and familiarity . leon mmm . you taste good . he come back for a second kiss , and a third . leon what be you read ? Maya tilt she head toward the textbook . maya Metropolitan History . leon learn anything interesting ? maya this be never a good place to * walk at night . * leon it 's not a good place to drive against traffic , either . some cabbie from one of that former Soviet republic take a shortcut on a one - way street . six car pile - up . maya ( excited ) and you catch it ? leon right place , right time . maya how much do the Post give you ? leon we make the rent . maya that 's great , Leon ! leon that busy I a couple day to work on my own stuff . Leon get up and go into the kitchen . he open the refrigerator . bottle clatter as he look for a beer . we get a good look at the apartment . total disarray , cramme with funky furniture and art piece . even a kitchen counter pile with camera equipment and stack of test print . maya thing 'il be easier once I get my master 's . leon I hate to break it to you , Maya , but history teacher do not exactly rake it in . maya hey ... beer in hand , Leon close the refrigerator . leon besides , it 's not just the money . maya I know , baby . you want to be appreciate for you art . Leon know she 's teasing he . leon be that too much to ask ? maya no . I know you will get there . might take a few more year . Leon head over to a cupboard and pull down a bag of chip . leon I do not know if I have get that much patience leave . maya do not worry , everything happen as it 's mean to be . Leon frown . Maya look up at the photo of she in the park . maya you know what you need ? a genius girlfriend who know how to network and get you work see by some classy gallery owner . like , say , Susan hoff . Maya grin . she 's be save this . leon what ? you do not . how do you do that ? maya jurgis be a friend of hers . he meet she through the magazine ... you be suppose to meet he at she gallery tonight after it close . leon and you hold that back the whole time I stand around feel sorry for myself ? Maya nod , hugely pleased with herself . leon you be go to pay for that . Leon charge she with a roar . they fall onto the couch , laugh . int . negative space gallery - entrance area -- night the gallery be a convert warehouse , its interior entrance a long ramp with brick wall lead to the main gallery space . Leon and jurgis enter . jurgis ( quietly ) do not mention Maya . Susan like she artist available . Leon give jurgis a small smirk . he 's not worried about it . int . art gallery - continuous a bare , minimal space with the harshest gray concrete wall . a receptionist 's counter face the front . behind that , a low table with a few catalogue and art magazine . on the wall be painting by clive barker . susan hoff ( 40s ) approach from the back of the gallery . she be beautiful , razor sharp . there be a edge to everything she say . jurgis Susan , this be Leon Kaufman . leon please to meet you . Susan smile and shake Leon 's hand . he 's nervous . susan I look at you work . there 's a consistency to you image . leon thank you . susan talk to I about they . Leon glance at jurgis for a moment . susan sell yourself a little . leon when I live in Atlanta , I think this be the promise land , where everything be possible . then I get here . it be crush . there be not dream here . just humanity . not natural , and not kind . it pull you in . it take from you . I want to show the source of that energy . the '' heart of the city . '' susan ( wryly ) the '' heart of the city '' ? leon exactly . susan then you be fail . Leon freeze . she pause long enough to let it sink in . susan most of the time . Susan motion with a finger for Leon to follow . she turn to a nearby table , where she flip through the image in he portfolio . in do so she lean in close to Leon , brush against he . she pause on one photo : a meat worker look up , angry and surprised , as he dump half of a calf carcass into a city trash can . susan now this .... it 's not there but it 's closer . he look .... catch in the act . you expose something . she give he a look . susan something dirty . she close the book . susan but you need to get a lot dirtier . leon dirtier . she look at Leon , directly in the eye . susan you be search for the '' heart of the city '' ? then you have to get under the flesh . that 's what I mean by dirty . come back when you have do that . Leon stand silent , not sure what to say . int . negative space gallery - entrance -- moment later 7 Leon stand in the entrance hall , still in a daze . leon be that it ? jurgis hey , you get two minute with Susan hoff . know how many people would suck off they uncle for that ? leon ( to himself ) '' I be look for the real heart of the city . '' what do that shit sound like ? jurgis like the kid who just step off the bus . int . leon 's bedroom - night 8 Leon sit up in bed . Maya be curl up against he . leon you know , sometimes I hate this city . maya yeah , and some time you love it . ( beat ) come on , you be be too negative . she leave the door open for you . that 's really encourage . leon no , it 's not fuck encourage . Maya smack he chest . maya why be you so upset ? Leon do not say anything . Leon Leon each Leon Maya maya because you think she 's probably right . leon I think my stuff be good . now I do not know . maya so you shoot something else . leon I be not sure . maya you know how crazy that sound ? tell I you be not afraid of fail . that 's not it , right ? look at she . she smile . maya c'mon , what be it ? leon it 's not failure . I do not know . now I be just not sure what I be look for . maya you be with I . I x11 help you find it . meet she smile . they kiss slowly , and snake against other beneath the sheet . after a while , Maya pause . maya come on , do not tell I you dick be sulk , too . smirk . leon it do what it do . tickle Leon until he have to laugh . 10 11 12 10 . maya you be lucky I have get the early shift at otto 's tomorrow . Maya kiss he , roll over , and close she eye . Leon stare vacantly at the ceiling . int . dark subway car -- night 9 a dimly light subway car move through the darkness . no one be on board , and there be no noise except the rumble of the train speed down the track . the wall and all fixture of the car have a brush metallic sheen , and light from the outside tunnel flash the metal as the car rush along . overhead strap hang from the ceiling , and they move slightly in rhythm with the train . a flash of light reveal more of the strap : they be not strap but sharp metal hook , like hook use to hang side of beef . the train move faster , and the hook dance , slightly clanging . now the light change again , and the hook be hand strap , just swinging , wave . int . leon 's bedroom -- night 10 with a start , Leon open he eye . see where he be . he carefully untangle himself from Maya , and slide out . the train image be a nightmare . he shake it off . ext . deserted STREET - night 11 Leon be on the prowl , camera in hand . he snap a shot , but the street be empty . up ahead : the entrance to the subway . int . pershing square subway - entrance - night 12 Leon dig in he bag , look for camera gear . he pull out he leica and see what 's around . only a few people . he swing the leica up and shoot a homeless man , plus two other people walk behind he ( mahogany 's back and bag ) . then , abruptly , Leon hear a small scream . he round the corner and see a hip girl . she 's surround by three gangbanger . two be heavyset and tattooe , one with a short scruffy beard . the leader be wiry freak with nervous energy . he 's get a prison - style tear - drop tattoo beneath he eye . 11 . leader gotta pay the toll first , bitch . hip girl leave I alone , you asshole . with this , the leader hood slam she against the wall and grab she throat with one hand . he push she chin up . leader then you be go to have to pay on you knee . Leon watch from a distance . the girl be scared now . she 's totally surround . laugh , the leader back a few foot away from the girl . in that moment , she turn and look at Leon . her eye meet he for the first time . do she expect he to help ? Leon pull up he leica and -- snap ! the camera freeze she and the hoodlum lock together in a primal urban stand -off . they look at Leon . snap ! Leon capture the hoodlum 's surprise and anger , and the girl 's fear and hope . leader what the fuck be you do ? the hoodlum be in he face . leader give I the camera . the girl edge away from the gangbanger . Leon look like he 's ready to slug the hoodlum . he 's not even think about he camera , which he lower to he side . if he could put the camera somewhere safe , he have hit the guy . leader I say give I the camera ! the leader step forward and knock Leon 's gear bag down . the leader wait for a reaction . Leon hold he ground . Leon see a surveillance camera above they . he point up at the lens . 13 14 12 . leon you be give the cop a good show . the leader look up . he glare at Leon . leader you be dead , motherfucker . the gangbanger take off . Leon call to the girl . leon you okay ? the girl , shake , look behind Leon to the way she come . hip girl how long do you stand there watch I almost get my throat slit ? you fuck asshole . Leon be expect gratitude ? leon thank you very fuck much . she push past he , run out the station to the track . int . subway station -- continuous 13 close on Leon , on the edge of the platform , shoot . click . he shot the hip girl . click . click . click . click . now we see what Leon have just shot -- Pov on the car door : the image freeze as hip girl lunge in the car . a few rider inside , a hand hold the door . int . subway car - night 14 the door of the car hiss as the hip girl land inside . we pull back : a large hand still hold the door . on the hand , a bracelet of twisted silver . the hand withdraw . the door hiss shut . close on the girl 's face as she find a seat . 15 16 17 13 . hip girl thanks . there 's some real psychos out there tonight . back to the large hand . we do not see the hand 's owner . the hip girl sit in she seat , relax as the train move . int . subway train - night - moment later 15 the hip girl sit in a nearly empty car , the other passenger have depart . she 's at one end , and she 's turn away from the other end . but someone be there . at the back of the car , over she shoulder we see a large man sit straight , not move . we do not see he clearly , but he be huge . the hip girl do not notice . close on a leather bag , on the floor by the man . a large hand go into the bag . it search for something inside . the hand extract a large hammer from the bag . huge . back to the hip girl , who still have see or hear nothing . but now the large man get up and walk toward the hip girl , toward we . as he get close , he bring he arm up . the large man reach the hip girl . the hammer above she . wham ! the large man swing the hammer down and crack the hip girl 's head so hard it crunch like a soft melon . ext . subway tunnel - night - continuous 16 the train roar through the underground . int . subway train - night - same 17 inside the train - on a seat : a plastic bag neatly fill with the girl clothes . Close on : the girl lip . still . mahogany 's hand remove she lipstick with solvent . a loud sound of metal as the train make a change of track . mahogany look up , then go back to remove the lipstick . 18 19 14 . int . leon 's apartment - kitchen -— - day 18 Maya sit on the kitchen counter amidst dark room equipment , in she underwear , leg wrap around a stand Leon . he kiss she neck , she look to the side , see - her Pov : a series of print spread out on the counter . close on : the image of the gangbanger and the hip girl . Leon keep kissing she , but she pull away , look at the photo of the hip girl and the gangbanger . she point to the first one , the girl in the photo stare directly at Maya , the photo be chill . maya when do you get this ? leon I take they last night . maya you have to show this to Susan hoff . what you say she want . this be it . leon you think so ? Maya turn to face he . she be very serious . maya if it 's not , I hope I never see it . int . otto 's restaurant - day 19 a trendy downtown restaurant , with small table arrange in a airy open space . on one side , a grill and a small bar . Maya serve Leon a leafy salad . he put down he newspaper . Leon smile back at Maya and take out a small package of deli paper from he bag . he unwrap it meticulously . otto , 40' , the diner 's eccentric and boisterous owner - operator , pause by Leon . he give Leon a hard look and shake he head . 15 . otto fuck no , I be not do that again . leon C ’mon , otto , I will pay extra . just toss it on the grill . Leon take out a cold , gray tofu square from he deli wrap . otto it 's bad for my reputation . this be the best Philly cheese steak in town . the tofu will fuck with my grill . how about have one of my special instead ? otto take two steak flank and toss they on he grill . leon because I have respect for my body , otto . and for the cow . otto do not give I that bull . you want to let you wimpy jelly loaf soak up all my tasty grease . with that , otto take a brim cheese -steak sandwich from he grill and heft it . it 's enormous . the steak slice be generous , and cheese and onion drip all over it . otto my family open this diner . my heritage be in this cheese-steak . if my nannouo , god rest , know I put that on he grill ... otto shake he head in disgust . Maya roll she eye at otto. Leon smile . leon alright , alright . I will not ask again . Leon pick up he paper on the counter as he finish he meal . he turn a page and see a small photo in the metro section . a pretty girl , chic but over - do . like a model . leon I think I just see she . Leon start read . 20 16 . leon she walk home from a club at 2:00 in the morning . now they can not find she . a model . she be celebrate a magazine cover . he take a closer look . Holy shit : now he remember . leon Maya . look at this . I see she the other night . Maya look over at Leon , not sure what he mean . Leon stand try to remember what happen . leon I try to apologize , but she keep walk . Leon start gather he stuff . he leave the deli wrap with the tofu , still open on otto 's counter . maya where be you go ? leon to the police . i’1l show they the picture . maybe they 's 1l help . int . police station -- office - day 20 Leon sit in a plastic chair . his photo of the hip girl be spread on the desk separate he from detective lynn hodge , ( late 40' ) African - american . she point to the gangbanger . hodge this individual run off after you make you presence know by take they picture . leon I also point out that they be be film by a surveillance camera . hodge and they run off toward the station entrance . 17 . leon yes . hodge what station be this again ? they have clearly be over this already . Leon control he frustration . leon the 14th Street station . around midnight . hodge and Loretta run off in the opposite direction . toward the platform . you follow she . saw she board ? leon yes . hodge but then you leave . leon I miss the train . he get uncomfortable . leon I think the photo might help with the timing and all that . hodge ( nod ) so will the surveillance tape . Leon stand up , feel embarrassed . leon sound like you be all set then . hodge you have think she would have stick around for a while . to thank you , for starter . from the look of it , it do not seem like you be in a hurry . holding out for the best shot I guess ? leon I lose myself sometimes . 18 . hodge you sell you picture , or just aspire ? leon what 's that mean ? hodge ( who 's he kid ) Loretta have a follow . some sheet may pay for they . leon look , I do not know she . hodge why she then ? leon what do you mean ? hodge if it 's not for money .... do you follow woman ? leon ( piss ) no , I shoot everything . hodge so why have you decide to follow she ? if you be not stalking . Leon search for a answer . Hodge hold he gaze . leon I do not know . hodge Trade secret ? okay , let 's stop for now . Hodge stand and give Leon she card . hodge call I if you come up with a answer . i’1l call you if there 's anything on that tape that do not jibe with you story . 21 19 . int . subway train - night 21 leigh and randle cooper , ( 30s ) healthy and sexy , well - dress out - of-towner , sit next to troy taleveski , 30 , a slick stockbroker type in pristine condition . leigh look around the car with obvious discomfort . troy do not worry , leigh . I ride this all the time . they erase all the graffiti about 20 year ago . randle I do not think that 's what make leigh nervous . Troy know randle be just as nervous as leigh . he grin . troy loosen up , you two . I take you to a Broadway show . now you be get the underbelly of the New York experience . the train come to a stop , and the door slide open . randle where be this place ? troy you do not want to know . Troy smile . he know he 's make the out -of - towner nervous . a group of hip hop kide stand up with they boom box . leigh clutches the hand strap , cower behind randle . Troy bob he head , try to show the kid he 's down . the hip hop kid simply ignore they and file off the train . as they clear the train , we see mahogany sit quietly in the back . he be the only other person in the car . the train move on . randle how bad can it be ? mahogany watch they , take they measure . 20 . troy I know a restaurant critic who will not cover it . randle raise he eyebrow at leigh . she nervously smile back at he . the train approach another station , but rage by . only leigh notice . leigh do we just miss a stop ? randle ( to Troy , ignore leigh ) Troy , we do not go on vacation to get shot in a ghetto . leigh look out the window . then she look at mahogany . now mahogany just stare straight ahead . leigh breathes deeply . troy you tell I you want to experience the culture , randle . and that 's what I be go to deliver . the train roll down the track , light flicker on and off . Blue spark from the wheel dance against the tunnel wall . leigh look over at randle , but he do not return she gaze . mahogany suddenly lurch to he foot . he hold he arm behind he back , conceal something . leigh watch he . the two guy face the other way . troy if you not up for it we could go home . leigh could cook we a romantic dinner for three . randle what do I say about try to charm my wife into bed . leigh ( quietly ) randle ? the guy ignore she . 21 . troy I would not dream of it . but with anatomy like hers ... randle ( joke ) watch it ... mahogany move fast , take long stride down the center of the car . something glint behind he , something metal . leigh randle ? randle ! randle and Troy turn as leigh scream , but mahogany be upon they , raise he massive arm . thud ! the steel hammer strike Troy in the temple , knock he to the floor . mahogany spin gracefully , catch randle in the gut with a gigantic meat hook . the train lurch , knock leigh to the ground . leigh scream as he lift the meat hook up , hook into randle 's rib cage . close on randle 's foot as mahogany lift he off the floor above Troy 's body . the steel hammer finish randle with a sicken crunch . he fall to the ground next to he friend . leigh ( whimper ) why be you do this ? mahogany pull the meat hook out of randle and turn , walk towards leigh . leigh scramble away , knock into he leather bag and fall to the floor . Butcher tool spill across the car . leigh scream , try to wrap she hand around a long carving knife . mahogany come up behind she . and just as she be about to get a grip on the blade -- mahogany grab she ankle , pull she backwards like a squealing calf . 22 a glint of metal above she head , the arc of the 22 . steel hammer . thud ! she drop to the ground , leg twitching , silent . the light flicker as the train clatter down the track . int . negative space gallery - night 22 Leon sit with Susan hoff . she flip through a folder of Leon 's latest print and stop on one of the picture of Loretta dryer . susan talk to I about it . leon ( defy she ) it be what it be . susan this be the singer the police be look for ? what have you tell they ? she give Leon a look like he have something to confess . leon I just happen to be there . I shot what I see . susan so you be lucky ? or you see something . something no one else see . a girl about to vanish . she give he a look , like he know more . Leon completely uncomfortable now . susan I be start to see a point of view . still tentative . but different . she look into he eye . susan not the '' heart of the city . '' but that be just bullshit . she now have a firm grip on he arm and move in be close . 23 susan I have a group show up next . I can add a few of you shot . 23 . Leon be ready to explode , but he do not want to blow this . susan it will be tight ... but you have enough time to gather one or two more . another strong one like this . int . otto 's restaurant - later - night Leon , Maya , and jurgis , all a bit drunk , sit in booth , Maya almost in Leon 's lap . Leon try to leon ( lift he glass ) I owe you . both of you . you believe in this .... maya ( interrupt ) that 's because you be great . leon hold on , I have get to deliver the show . she want more work . maya do not worry so much . jurgis she 's right . ( smile ) besides , now it 's not about the work , it 's about spin . Leon and Maya exchange glance . jurgis I know this writer who cover the gallery for a bunch of the glossy . he 's a arrogant little dick -head but I 'il convince he you be the new weegee and he 'il review you exhibition as if it be the second come . 23 a corner be serious . 24 . leon man , that have be great . but if he 's go to write a good review , I want he to like the work . jurgis Leon , he 's a fuck journalist . what do he opinion matter as long as he spell you name right ? leon ( frown ) jurgis . jurgis listen . Susan be mercurial , she friend be fickle . you need to stay ahead of she . we could give she a little scare . leon hold it . I do not want to get ahead of anything . jurgis Fine . but a friend of mine at gagosian ask about you . you do not have to meet she of course , if you do not want to . maya do you know any art dealer that be not woman ? jurgis plenty , but all the powerful one be female . and usually quite attractive . he smile at Maya , shine she on . leon do I ever tell you you be evil jurgis ? jurgis smile benignly . Maya put she arm around Leon . maya it may be a good evil though . 24 25 25 . ext . CITY STREET -- later - night 24 four in the morning . no one be out . Leon walk down a old street . behind he , the persh Square subway . ahead , close store front , rundown residential hotel . he find a bench and sit down . a shrug . what do he think he have find at this hour ? even bad guy go to bed . he lean back , like he might doze off . shut he eye . then , very quietly at first , footstep echo on a staircase . they be come up from the persh Square subway station . camera up , Leon jump up from the bench and duck behind it . he line up the subway entrance in he viewfinder . leon 's Pov : a large dark shape fill the frame , walk . Pov : the camera lift slightly , and we see a immense head . click . Leon take a shot . click . he take another . the man he catch be mahogany . a big man in he 50 's with a crisp white shirt , dark brown suit , and hair oile back . he hold a leather bag , and , eye straight ahead , he walk alone along the sidewalk on the other side of the street . Leon be fascinate . he take a few more shot until mahogany cross a street a half block away from Leon . Leon let he walk another twenty foot before he follow . he keep close to building , but mahogany do not look behind he . mahogany move very fast for a large man . in a few quick stride , mahogany round a corner . Leon break into a run , stop at the corner , and then turn . ext . around the corner - night 25 no one be on the street . Leon swing to he side and -- slam into mahogany . mahogany 's bag drop to the ground . Leon 's bust . he back off , then stop , disarm by the big man 's look . do mahogany know he have be follow ? mahogany stare right at he , inspect he -- the cat who 's catch the mouse ? Leon hold he camera down . 26 27 26 . leon sorry mister , I just want a picture of you . sometimes I do not even think about it . Leon notice mahogany 's wrist , a twisted metal bracelet against he starch sleeve . a small moon and star . then Leon 's eye shift down to the bag on the ground . close on the engrave '' mahogany . '' the bag be close . noting Leon 's look , mahogany pick he leather bag up . we hear the clang of something metallic and heavy inside . mahogany heft the bag , and the clang be more pronounce . Leon look up , reacting to the gesture , still nervous . he stare at the heavy bag and see mahogany 's large hand -- be that a small spot of red on he wrist ? Leon freeze . Leon take a step back , suddenly afraid . mahogany crack a thin smile and shake he head no . his gaze lock on Leon . a chill run down Leon 's spine . mahogany turn and continue down the street . he reach the stone staircase of a residential hotel and go up . Leon stand there , as if he step in front of a bus . int . leon 's apartment - day - later 26 Leon stand at he sink , finger through a stack of print . he pull out all he shot of Loretta dryer and look they over . he see something he have not notice : in he shot of the homeless man , there be a large man in a brown suit , see from the back , carry a leather satchel . Leon squint , then pull out he last shot of the hip girl get on the train . he see the big hand hold the door . on the wrist , a thin line . a metal bracelet . be that a moon , or just a smudge ? no , just a smudge . Leon lower the print , wonder about the connection . ext . mahogany 's residential HOTEL - evening 27 mahogany exit the building and walk down the street . Leon peek out of a doorway . he wait a beat , then follow . 28 29 30 31 32 27 . ext . industrial build -- later 28 Leon , half a block behind , watch mahogany approach a small , nondescript industrial building . he vanish inside . ext . drive way -- loading dock -- continuous 29 around the side of the building , a truck be park at a load dock . Leon walk up , do not see anyone nearby . Leon jump up onto the dock and look into the building . int . industrial build -- packing floor -- continuous 30 Leon see conveyor and a packing floor run full tilt . butcher in blue coverall weigh and split giant beef carcass hang from metal hook . they slice through the bone and hack away the fat with saws and cleaver . it 's a meat pack plant . Leon be amaze . he lift up he camera to get a shot . click ! intestine fall into a stainless steel cart . click ! blood be squeegeed through metal grate . click ! a bone see send a cloud of white dust in the air . the dust settles . suddenly , at the rear , mahogany emerge from a locker room , put on blue coverall . Leon jump back a few foot . mahogany , butcher 's apron on , reach for a side of beef the size of a man . without stop , he wrap he arm around it in a gesture like a hug and lift it like a pillow . he easily toss it five foot onto a cut rack . Leon react , intimidate . ext . meat packing plant -- later 31 Leon wait by the corner , watch the entrance . mahogany exit , bag in hand . Leon react and follow . int . subway station -- platform -- night - later 32 mahogany stand back away from a group of rider on the platform . he seem to be watch they , measure they . 33 28 . now we see Leon . camera down , he 's even further back . he watch mahogany , stand at a distance so he be not see . mahogany scan the rider like a hawk . we see he eye . Pov : a well dress man and a woman . then a man in a overcoat , distract , with a paper . a athletic guy . back to Leon , wonder . on he gaze , the sound of a train . close on the door of a subway car as they open . the athletic guy enter . mahogany follow right behind . back to Leon , who step forward . suddenly -- -- a hand grab he shoulder . a big station cop . station cop hey , what 's this ? the cop jerk Leon 's camera away from he . station cop what be you take picture of ? the hiss of the subway door . Leon turn , they be close . int . subway train - night - later 33 the passenger have thin . mahogany sit in the back , quietly observe the last few rider as they depart . a guardian angel come through from a rear car . he cock a finger and fire at mahogany , who smile back . the Guardian angel walk to the front , watch as station whiz by outside . he look confuse . the train be not slow down . he lean down , look out the window . guardian angel why do not it stop - the Guardian angel turn around . mahogany be there hold he stainless steel hammer . the hammer come down . whack ! the Guardian angel hit the floor . mahogany loom over the Guardian angel , ready to finish the kill . suddenly , pain rip through he gut . he drop the hammer , cough blood onto the floor . 34 35 36 37 29 . close as the Guardian angel 's eye pop open - red with explode blood vessel , burn with rage . he leap to he foot , howling like a wounded animal , reach for something in he sock . a curve hunt knife . mahogany regains control and side step at the last second . the knife slice into he arm . mahogany bellow , grab the Guardian angel 's wrist , snap he arm backwards . crack ! the bone shatter . the Guardian angel scream and drop he knife . the train round a corner and speed up . the two man smash against the seat , try to find enough balance to kill the other . int . train driver be cab - night -— continuous 34 from the front cab , the driver of the train can hear the sound of a struggle come from the car behind he . he slow the train a bit . and get up from he seat . a thin man wear a Transit Authority uniform , the Driver have a craggy and nick face with the pallor of a man who spend little time in the sun . he 's skinny but look muscular . int . subway train -- night - continuous 35 he open the door to the car . the chaos in front of he be shocking . two man struggle to kill each other , the Guardian angel seem to be get the upper hand . int . train driver be cab - night -— continuous 36 the Driver , leave the door open , calmly go back into he cab . he reach into a compartment and pull out a small Glock automatic . int . subway train - night - continuous 37 the Driver , straight face , quickly walk up to the two man . both man be on they knee . the Guardian angel close to he . mahogany see he hammer , then he see the driver walk toward they with a gun . mahogany reach for the hammer , just as -- 38 30 . the Driver raise the Glock to the back of the Guardian angel 's head . pop ! the flash of the gun fill the car . the train race on . the Guardian angel drop to the ground . his leg twitching against the steel floor . mahogany clutches he arm . he check the wound . blood spurt onto the floor . he look up to the driver . driver clean up the mess . get yourself patch up , you be not go to make it . int . otto 's restaurant -- night 38 Maya lock the front door of the diner and turn off some of the overhead light . as she walk past the counter , something catch she eye . a small black box . a jewelry box . she stop , and reach out for the small item , just as - a man grab her from behind . maya yelp out in fear . she spin around swinging , the assailant be - leon . he laugh wildly . maya you asshole ! how do you get in here ? she hit he chest with she ball up fist . leon you spare key from home . she collect herself . despite she shake state - she be happy to see he . leon do not worry , it 's not a engagement ring . I would not propose in otto 's kitchen . she grab the box . 31 . leon I can not afford one of that ... not yet . Maya pop open the box . Inside be a promise ring . two band - off center and not quite touch . in the middle be a small flower shape diamond . almost resembling a star . she take the ring from the box and slide it on she finger . leon I be iffy on the fitting , but it look pretty good . Maya kiss Leon . maya it fit great ... leon I want you to know how much you mean to I . how important it be to I that we find each other , especially in a big city like this . I want to share everything with you , every moment that lie ahead . she look at he deeply and kiss he again with even more affection . maya thanks , baby ... leon if otto know we be do this here , he have probably have a heart attack . he do not have camera in here do he ? maya no ... Leon lean in close to Maya - reach past she and slide he hand across the surface of the counter . he look at he hand - grease stain he finger tip . then he feel something . he pull back from the grill to look Maya in the eye - — she 's undone the top button of he jeans . she pull he zipper down . 39 40 32 . Leon do not waste time . he kiss she - bite she bottom lip . she let out a small seductive squeal . Leon slide up she skirt around she upper thigh and lift she up onto the counter . he tug she cotton underwear to the side and thrust inside she . she sigh heavily . int . dark subway car -- night 39 a small dark red hole . so dark it 's almost black . it 's dry blood , congeal around a small bullet hole . we pull back to see the head of the Guardian angel . he 's hang upside down . his face be a pale mask , the bullet hole the only dark spot in he waxy forehead . beneath he head , he shirt be neatly fold on he shoe . we move up and see the rest of he body without skin . his skin have be neatly peel off , expose muscle and bone . except for one place . a thin vertical strip of skin remain , just a inch sliver of pale pink leave on he suspend body . two large hand in plastic glove enter the frame . they hold a scalpel . in one precise move , the strip of flesh be peel away , neatly . the body now resemble a anatomical model . we track down to the ground by he head . there be another head hang upsidedow next to he . the difference -- the second head have two wide - open eye fill with horror . a gag in place in the victim 's mouth , no scream can be hear , but the head belong to a man who be still alive . tremble . beneath the man , a shirt fold on a pair of shoe . we track along the floor . a second fold shirt . and then a large spray of blood . int . subway tunnel -- night 40 the train roar through the tunnel . as it flicker by , we catch a glimpse of six naked body , hang upside down - and then the train be go . 4l 33. int . leon 's apartment - night 4l close on something red which explode and splashes juice . Leon slice a tomato on a cut board , drop the slice into a large salad bowl fill with lettuce . Maya enter Leon 's work area on she way to the kitchen . she stop as something catch she eye . picture line the wall . all tack up neatly . all of mahogany . maya Leon , what 's this ? be this for you show ? leon no , he 's a butcher . he be at the station when Loretta dryer vanish . I photograph he . maya what be you do ? leon there 's something disturbing about he . she react . maya you be right about that . Leon , what 's wrong with you ? you should be focus on you show . Leon meet eye with she and then avert she gaze . maya you go to the police with you photo . whatever be go on , they will figure it out . leon or they will not . maya it 's not you problem . I be you problem . can you please let this go ? please Leon . for I . he smile at she , reflect . 42 43 44 34 . leon yes . we stay on Leon as Maya walk to the cabinet and pull down dish from a shelf . we see that he yes mean no . int . dark subway car -- night 42 a dark shape hang from the ceiling of a otherwise empty subway car . it tremble like a slender cocoon , shaking and writhe . but it be a body with its hand tie up . we have see this car before : Metal hook hang from the ceiling . a large man see only from the back approach the hang body , and he hold the body still with one glove hand . the man now run he hand over the body , which jerk in response . suddenly , we see the man 's other hand . also glove , it hold a long , glisten blade . the man thrust it in the body . now we see the victim clearly for the first time -- it 's Leon . his face fill with terror , he react in agony to the blow . int . leon 's bedroom -- night - continuous 43 Leon 's eye be open . he know it be a nightmare , but he be deeply disturb . anxious , he just stare at the ceiling . he look over at Maya , in bed next to he . sound asleep . int . library -- microfiche cubicle -- afternoon 44 Leon sit at a old library cubicle , light poorly by a soft amber overhead . he run microfiche on a old - style fiche reader , with image hand - cranke on a white screen . he stop on a newspaper front page , type a bit blurred . the headline be simple : '' butcher held in killing . '' close on the headline date : December 19 , 1895 . 45 46 47 35 . int . HOTEL room - bathroom -- evening 45 mahogany 's face appear in a bathroom mirror . he run a comb through he hair , wash the comb , put it on the sink . a splash of cologne on he cheek . the cologne go back in a cabinet , its place be mark with a thin outline . mahogany nudge the bottle to perfection with he finger . a muscular shoulder come into the frame . we reveal more of the shoulder , until we see a gauze bandage . he curl the bandage back , and we see a growth , like a boil . it be flat but large , compose of barnacle - like bubbles . they be moist , glisten . be they move ? he examine they . now he pull open a drawer , and we see a assortment of scalpel , neatly array by size in a cutlery rack . he take one in he hand and push it into the edge of the growth , cut underneath . a line of blood appear , but he cut further . he peel the growth off as he shave it . he place the shave into a green glass bottle , then screw it tightly shut . he place it in another drawer , and we see a collection of green bottle , each fill . then he be wrack by a cough , deep enough to cause he to lean over . he reach into the cabinet and take out a dark pill bottle . he open it , take one , straighten up . ext . STREET by packing plant - day 46 mahogany cross the empty street to the pack plant . a moment later , Leon emerge from the shadow . he sneak around the back of the plant . int . MAIN packing floor - day 47 Leon climb through a window onto a ledge slightly above the pack floor . his camera in he hand , he jump to the ground . he sneak forward , hide behind a column . now he ready he camera , spying through column on the worker opposite . his first sight of the full floor stun he . the production line be run full tilt . a powerful stench rise from the line . not a rotting stench . Rather , a steam of blood drop . it almost overwhelm Leon , who feel the blood like a mist . 36 . Leon swing up he camera and look through the lens : Pov : a man in a white coat , clearly the boss , look across the floor at he crew , but he do not say a word . another worker , a butcher , give the boss a look , but he turn away . Leon slowly pan he camera , snap photo : blood and gut , bone and hook , the machine grind out process meat . through lens : we track across the length of the production line , see the conveyor chain which pull the line along . now we tilt down slightly , and a large face fill the frame . mahogany stare directly at we , eye look into the lens . Leon react . mahogany have catch he . but maybe not . mahogany turn away , walk out of frame . Leon follow he with the lens . Pov : mahogany stand at a tool bench and look for something . he pick up a large knife and examine it . he twist it . now mahogany look directly at we once more . he must see we . Leon jump back , hyperventilate . mahogany move quickly across the floor , carry the knife he get at the bench . Leon make a quick break , run back along the inside wall . he backtrack to the window he come through , and he see -- two man in butcher coat block he path . Leon hide behind a column , unable to see the floor . he lean around the column . mahogany stand just ten foot away . Leon move back behind the column . he check the window . the two man still block he path to the window . he wait . he lean out again and see -- mahogany be walk toward he . Leon see a side hallway . 48 49 37 . int . hallway - day - continuous 48 Leon run down the corridor , try all the door . he find a open one and slip inside . it be a small meat locker . int . meat locker - day - continuous 49 Leon turn around : a few carcass hang from hook . condensation rise from the cold , wet floor . the sound of drip blood echoe against the metal wall . footstep in the hallway . mahogany approach . Leon look for a escape , but there be only the one door . Leon push into the meat . a sound behind . the door open . Leon grab onto a chain and pull himself a few foot up . mahogany move down the side , use the hook to move the beef aside . he crouch to check under the meat . no one there . Leon desperately hang onto the chain , he arm shaking . drip , drip , drip . something hit Leon 's forehead . he look up : a piece of meat swing above he . Leon almost drop . mahogany grunt , push through the meat . Leon almost slip on the chain . mahogany 's shoe be closer . then the shoe walk away . we hear step , then none . Leon aches to let go of the chain , but he wait . no sound . he take a breath .... and drop to the floor . no one there . he turn -- -- and mahogany be stand right before he . a few foot . the two man stare eye to eye for just a second . then -- Leon bolt , run as fast as he can to the door , slip once on the floor but lung ahead . he 's out the door . Leon hit the plant floor -- but mahogany be right behind . 50 51 52 38 . Leon see the overhear production track across the aisle , and he throw himself at the close hook . he cut he hand , but the hook jerk he a few foot ahead of mahogany . Leon jump down and turn . mahogany have cross the gap . Leon run as fast as he can through hang side of beef , slip once but not stop . mahogany lunge after he . Leon reach the open truck dock at the same time as he pursuer -- but Leon see a open bed truck pull out . ext . meat plant -- loading dock -- continuous 50 Leon throw himself into the open bed of the truck as it accelerate . mahogany make a hard stop at the dock . mahogany just stand still . just watch , not move . int . leon 's apartment -- shower - later that afternoon 51 Leon stand under the shower , the water pound against he head . Leon scrub he hand with a brush . the blood and filth be go but he keep scrubbing , harder and harder . int . otto 's restaurant - day 52 a slab of raw meat hit the griddle . the juice quickly sear against the heat . Maya be busy with a table of patron . jurgis be at the counter , otto 's at the grill . Leon come in the front door , sit down next to jurgis . jurgis what happen to you today ? no phone call , no interview ? leon sorry jurgis , I completely flake . jurgis can I say something to you without you take it the wrong way ? you look like shit . otto set down jurgis 's rare meat patty and a side salad . 39 . leon I be fine . jurgis you still look like shit . Leon stare down at jurgis 's plate . jurgis this be what you need . nourishment . Real nourishment . you want some ? Leon hesitates . jurgis neatly cut off a quarter of he burger with a knife and fork . then he offer the piece to Leon . jurgis you do not have to feel bad about the cow . that cow live in comfort and die in its sleep . Leon give jurgis a '' as if '' look . jurgis c’mon , cow do not worry about it . they know they be not the top of the food chain . leon how do you know we be the top of the food chain ? otto well , if we be not , they have have to get past I . then Leon open the bun and take out the piece of beef . it 's cook rare . a glisten trail of shiny grease run down Leon 's finger . he experimentally lick it off . then he bite into the bloody beef . jurgis and otto trade a surprised look . jurgis it melt , right ? like butter ? Leon nod , he eye glaze over for a moment . then he swallow . he 's silent , wheel turn in he head . 53 40 . leon ( to otto ) otto , I 'il take one of my own . int . leon' apartment - later that day 53 Maya 's purse still hang on she shoulder . she stand by the door , uncertain , as Leon reorganize some photo . he do not notice she . maya you look like shit . Leon hang up new photo on the wall . he turn around . she toss she purse down . leon you be the second person who 's say that to I today . maya but I be the first person who care . she step closer , put she hand on he shoulder . she push he hair away from he forehead . then - she look past he , at the photo on the wall . the photo be incredibly intense . all of mahogany and the meat plant . maya this be not for you show , be they ? Maya pull down a photo , toss it , and walk away . maya I ask you to stop this . and you agree you would . see she concern , he become more serious . leon I think I know what 's go on . people disappear for all sort of reason . but it 's random , right ? Maya give he she sternest look . leon in this area , by the subway , it 's not . there 's a cluster . ( more ) 41 . leon ( cont would ) I check . I think this guy be do something . he take people from the train and do something to they . at the meat plant . maya do what , Leon ? leon ( carefully ) he dismember they . that 's why they be not find . Maya give he a grim look , then she just laugh . maya so they be hamburger ? ( straight face ) otto have a bad batch last week , but he toss it . Leon be not laugh . now Maya watch he carefully . he lift a folder from he table and pull out a photo . close on a older , weathered version of the meat plant . leon I pull it from a architectural survey . the place have be here since the nineteenth century . maya Leon . Leon take another sheet from the folder -- a clipping . maya enough .... she stand before he , put a hand on he arm . leon no , look what I find . the clipping be a copy of a newspaper article , a old one by its typeface . leon I go to the time . they old stuff be not online yet . close on a old headline and front page article -- 42 . April 11 , 1896 , meat company Butcher clear of charge of cannibalism : '' the city attorney have conclude he highly confidential investigation of claim by a company employee that local butcher engage in murder and cannibalism ... '' the city attorney 's office be never able to connect the butcher with any of the city 's many miss person , nor establish where the allegedly ill-gotten meat go ... '' maya ( stare at it ) it 's from a century ago . leon that 's right , but the same pack plant . a butcher be accuse of murder . maya a hundred year ago ! what be you think ? it 's the same guy ? that 's he 's reincarnate ? leon no , just that it 's happen before . it 's too weird . it can not be a coincidence . she can not believe how stupid this sound . maya there be no vampire . leon that 's not what I mean . Leon point back to the wall of mahogany shot . leon this guy be involved , I know it . I have see he , I have look in he eye , it 's more than a instinct . maya ( interrupt ) this be too stupid . nothing be happen . please stop . for I . Leon wrap he arm around she . she look at the camera on the table . she touch he face and look in he eye . 43. maya come on , shoot something you like . she motion to the camera . she back away from he . she lean against the sink . she unbutton she blouse and skirt . Leon reach for the camera . his face be serious . he get up from the table . back away from she . raise the camera to he eye . Maya 's skirt drop to the floor . she slip she foot out of they . she put she head down . leon 's Pov : her hair cover she face . Leon snap a picture . she look up to he . her eye meeting the lens . she 's beautiful . vulnerable . Leon snap a picture . she pull she shirt up over she head . Leon snap a picture . she stand there . nearly naked . in she underwear and she bra . simple , refresh to Leon . he snap a picture - but this time - as the flash bounce off she skin . a image burn in Leon 's eye . a flash of horror in he mind . meat. blood . death . he shake it off . Maya reach back - start to unhook she bra . Leon snap a picture . the flash . again , a brief image of horror . a brief flash of Susan hoff . Maya let she bra fall from she shoulder , but she keep herself cover . look right into she eye this time , he snap another picture . a flash of horror again , mahogany . Leon physically jump for a moment . he shake it off , but immediately stop . he lower the camera away from he face . a look of distress in he eye . Maya suddenly feel very self conscious . she fasten she bra . look down to the ground with a brief sense of shame . 54 int . Maya back Maya Maya otto Maya Leon otto otto 's restaurant —- night 44 , 54 unload two plate to be wash . a feisty otto lean from the other side . otto ( to Maya ) jurgis show I a picture of that art woman hoff , from he magazine . I have like to meet that one in the flesh , if you know what I mean . be agitate . otto you better keep a eye on you Leon . he might have he hand full . both of they . be not in the mood . maya otto . just get I my next order . otto I be joke with you , it 's a joke . glance up at the front door . Leon have just come in . look at Leon , then back to otto . Leon come up . leon ( to Maya ) can I talk to you a minute ? I be sorry about yesterday . stare back at otto , hope he will give Maya a break . give a unsympathetic look and head for the kitchen . otto ( walk ) my hand be full . maya ( busy ) be later okay ? leon you be right , that 's what I want to say . 55 56 45 . she give he a warm kiss , but have to get back to work . she break the moment and head off . Leon drop he shoulder and sit at the counter . he think about a cup of coffee . then he turn to the door . the front door be filled with a immense shape -- a huge man in a suit , stand outside , block the window . mahogany . Leon react . but mahogany do not enter . he just look in . straight at Leon . Maya cross in front , but he stare be fix on Leon . Leon get up from the counter . mahogany do not move . then he walk away from the door . Leon look at the door . he think a second , then follow . int . pershing square station - night 55 walk through the station , mahogany stop and turn . Leon duck into a alcove , try not to be see . mahogany turn back and go on . Leon wait a beat , then reappear from the alcove . he hurry after mahogany . int . subway train - later that night 56 Leon follow mahogany between car , stay back . late night rider exit the train : Club kid , drunk , Cleaning lady and businessman , cop . flow on and off . the train leave the station . Leon wait patiently in the back car , watch mahogany through the door . a voice behind Leon startles he . voice ( 0.s. ) m&m' . you want some m&m' ? two scrawny black kide hold box of candy . Leon shake he head no , wave the kid away . scrawny kid 1 whatever . 57 46 . the kid move into the next car . one of they approach mahogany . the light on the train flicker on and off . plung the car into darkness momentarily . scrawny kid 1 you want to buy some M&M 's , mister ? mahogany stare at the kid , not respond . the light flicker again . kid 2 notice something he do not like about mahogany . something in he eye that scare he . kid 2 lean in close to kid 1 . scrawny kid 2 go to someone else . kid 1 just ignore he . scrawny kid 1 come on , man . buy some m&m' . mahogany lean forward , reach for he leather bag . Leon move to the door , ready to rush in . scrawny kid 1 suck my dick , cheap ass ! the light flicker again - plunging the car into darkness , longer this time . kid 2 pull on kid 1 's shoulder . the light come back on . the train slow . the kid move to exit at the station . they look back toward mahogany and quickly run from the train . the door close and the train pull away . int . subway train - later that night 57 the train be now empty except for two boy make out in the front seat . mahogany look up . he walk into the rear car to check if it 's clear . there be no one there . angle under the seat : Leon lay on the ground , watch mahogany 's foot . mahogany leave , close the door . Leon wait , hold he breath . try to stay calm . thud ! a scream from the front car , shouting and wail . 47 . a second thud ! and then silence . Leon close he eye . and wait . the train be not stop . it seem to be pick up speed . Leon crawl out from under the seat and take he camera out of he pack . his hand be shaking . he slide up to the window in the connect door and peek into the front car . Leon drop down , wince . leon oh , God . oh , god. he set the aperture and slowly peek up again . through the lens : mahogany hang boy # 1 up to the hand strap by he foot . click ! mahogany slit Boy 's throat , spilling he blood into a metal pail . click ! they clothes neatly wrap in plastic bag . click ! mahogany use plier to remove toe nail from Boy # 2 . click ! he hang up Boy # 2 , pull off strip of skin . Leon drop back down , he body revolting against he mind . Leon pull out a new canister of film from he pocket . it fall from he hand and roll across the floor . footstep . mahogany 's come back ! Leon scramble under the seat , press himself against the wall . mahogany 's foot walk by . he take something from a maintenance closet in the back of the car . he return . leon' Pov : the film canister sit in the middle of the floor . mahogany 's foot pause momentarily , then move on . Leon close he eye until the connect door close . after a moment he crawl out from under the seat . pull back to reveal : mahogany stand on the seat above Leon - the steel mallet over he head ! Leon roll out of the way as the hammer crash down next to he head . he scramble to he foot , run to the back of the car . mahogany be right behind he . 58 48. mahogany grab the camera around leon 's neck . Leon duck out of the strap , rush toward the front car . Leon pull on the connect door . they be stick . mahogany rush down the car , grunt . Leon see the lock and flip the lever . he rip the door open as mahogany grab for he . Leon fly forward onto the floor , landing by mahogany 's tool bag . he grab the bag swinging it back into mahogany 's face . mahogany stumble back as the tool hit he chest . Leon jump up , push he way through the swinging corpse . the train lurch . Leon stumble , fall into one of the bloody corpse . he grab the raw flesh to keep from fall . the body rip loose and Leon fall to the floor , face to face with the dead boy . Leon shout , kick it away . mahogany be upon he . Leon kick the bucket of blood at he , spilling it across the floor . mahogany slip in the blood , fall backwards , hammer fly out of he hand . Leon run for the driver 's cabin . he bang on the door . leon stop the train ! please ! help I ! stop the fuck train ! no response . Leon move to the train door , force they open . the jag rock wall shoot by at incredible speed . Leon steady himself , prepare to jump to he death . he close he eye , let out a yell , and jump . a large hand grab he at the last second pull he back onto the floor of the train . leon' Pov : up at mahogany . the hammer come down . thud ! int . subway train - night - continuous 58 total silence . the train have stop . then - the sound of the door open . Leon partially come to - he 's hang upside down from he ankle at the edge of the doorway of the subway car near the two boy . his foot be bare . his shirt be off . 59 60 49 . he see the outline of mahogany in the dimness just outside the open door . through Leon 's hallucinatory haze he see that the car be stop , but he can see no sign of a platform or station . blackness engulf everything . then -- Leon scream in terror and pain as he be swing violently around by something unseen . blood flow down into Leon 's eye - further blur he vision . he can not see what 's attack he . something be carve away at he chest . tearing at the skin . through the train door , Leon can see mahogany . it 's not mahogany who be carve at Leon 's chest . it 's a non-human appendage with what appear to be barnacle - like growth . mahogany take a step toward the interior , but he see Leon and turn away . his expression show nothing . he just vanish from sight . Leon 's world spin and he pass out again , cough blood and strain against the unseen terror . fade to black : int . staircase - early morning 59 the top of a poorly - light staircase with metal guard rail . Leon pull himself to the last stair and take a breath . his face and clothes be filthy , he beard unshaven . focus , he look around . no blood around , just moisture . he face a plate metal door with old double lock . he grip the metal latch beneath the lock and pull it hard . the door swing open on a brightly - illuminate space , the light almost give Leon a white - out . but he recognize the noise right away . it 's the clanging of a pack line . the door Leon open lead directly into the meat plant . int . meat plant -- continuous 60 Leon emerge inside the meat plant and stop . several butcher work on side of beef . they just ignore he . 61 62 63 50 . int . leon' apartment - morning 61 the front door open . Leon walk in , he stand in the shadow of the hallway . Maya be on the couch , she can not quite see he yet . maya you be alive . Leon stay silent . maya where have you be ? Leon continue walk . she follow . maya you can not just disappear ... what be I suppose to think ? you could have be kill for all I know . Leon rub he forehead , not know what to say . he pull he hand down . dried blood streak on he palm . Leon step into the light . she see the blood on he hand . see the wound on he head . she put she hand on he head . maya what happen to you ? Leon ignore she , pull she hand off he head and brushes by she to the bathroom . int . bathroom - day - moment later 62 Leon reach into the medicine cabinet , he cringe - something sting bad . he unbutton he shirt and the color drain from he face as he discover - — a MARK carve across he upper chest . a emblem of some kind . it 's crusty and infectious . Leon do not remember know how it get there . he touch it delicately . int . apartment - day - continuous 63 Maya pound she hand on the door . incredibly upset . 64 65 51 . maya ( frantic ) Leon . she lean against the door , jiggling the lock doorknob . maya let I in . let I help you . ( beat ) please . int . bathroom - day - continuous 64 Leon ignore she and methodically button up he shirt , hide the injury . he put a stopper in the sink and fill it with water . he lather he hand with soap and pat he arm gingerly by a large weep cut . the sink full , he put he head down into the bowl , get he face and hair wet . he take out he head , push he hair back . then dab he face carefully with the towel . he rifle through the cabinet below the vanity and pause at some bandage . he ignore they and reach for a roll of duct tape . he start to wind the tape around he arm to bind the cut . he continue , wind and wind endlessly ... int . apartment - day - continuous 65 Maya be still lean against the door . suddenly , Leon open the door , and Maya have to jump back . she react to he appearance . his wet hair be slicked back , he face freshly shave , he suddenly seem more youthful ... but also a bit waxen . Maya take hold of he arm , but he shake she hand off . maya ( plead ) what happen to you ? Leon walk past she , then turn back to answer . leon I need to sleep now . 66 52 . he go into the bedroom , close the door . Maya breathes deep , and force open the bedroom door . int . bedroom - day - continuous 66 Maya see Leon examine the gash on he chest . it be still bleed . profusely . she react in horror , then go over to he . closer , she see the hideous shape on Leon 's chest . maya oh , my God . what be this , Leon ? we have get to go to the hospital . leon ( ignore she ) he butcher they like meat . I see it with my own eye . I take picture . maya ( frantic ) where do you go ? leon I follow he into the subway . maya ( explode ) why do you do that ? he think for a moment . leon do not you see . it 's always a late train , maybe the same one each time . he wait for it to empty . no body be find because he remove they . Maya be still upset and now even more confuse . maya what be you talk about ? Leon 's be piece it together for himself in a jumble way . leon there 's a abandon subway station beneath the meat plant . 53 . maya he take they there ? leon I do not know . but the police will never find anything . maya ( worried ) baby , let 's just take you to the hospital and you photo to detective Hodge . leon no Maya , the police will not listen . maya they have to listen . leon my camera 's go . he take it from I . Leon motion to the hotel across the street . leon without that I have nothing . I have to take care of this myself . maya yourself ? I be not go to stand here and let you get yourself kill . I be call the police . Maya barge out of the bedroom - into the kitchen - and grab detective Hodge 's card from the wall where it 's tape . the she grab she cell phone from she purse . she dial . Leon come up behind she and grab the phone from she hand . he throw it against the wall , smash it into piece . Maya stand there - stunne . Leon breath heavily . leon I say no . they 'il think I 'ma fuck lunatic . Maya stare at Leon . she do not know how to get through . * 67 54 . maya ( try to be focus ) I know something happen down there . I can see it . but you have get to let I help you . Leon look at Maya for a long moment , then -- leon I have to sleep . I have to be ready for the open tonight . Leon walk back to the bedroom . Maya watch he go down the hallway . Leon disappear into the bedroom . she slowly begin to walk towards the room . she get to the threshold . stands there . maya Leon ... she stand for a moment in silence - then close the door . ext . mahogany 's HOTEL —- evening 67 Maya stand on the street corner , watch mahogany 's hotel . jurgis be behind she , unsure if they should be there . jurgis this be crazy . maya I know . but I do not know what else to do . Maya turn detective Hodge 's card in she hand , think . maya Leon 's right , the police will think we be crazy . suddenly , out of the corner of she eye , Maya see -- mahogany , exite down the front stair . Maya push jurgis back into a doorway . mahogany look in they direction , but then turn the other way . he walk down the street , make a half block in a few long stride . 68 69 70 55 . int . mahogany 's HOTEL foyer - night 68 Maya and jurgis walk into the old lobby and see a concierge counter on one side of a crack linoleum floor . no one be there , so they walk up . behind the counter be mailbox . Maya see mahogany 's name on one box . it say # 6 . a spare key dangle from a hook above the box . she reach over the counter for the key when suddenly she hear a rattling cough and the sound of someone move in the back room . she freeze , exchange a glance with jurgis - it 's now or never . she grab the key . int . mahogany 's HOTEL room - night - continuous 69 Maya enter the dark room . she pass down a small foyer then enter the main room . it 's dark and wide . shaft of light peek through the close blind . in the main room be a couch and a old tv . Maya walk by a small kitchen as she make she way deeper into the room . int . mahogany 's kitchen - night —- continuous 70 Maya enter and look around . she see a cupboard with drawer , and she quietly open one to have a look . row of carve knife rattle as the drawer move . she pull out a lower drawer . surgical device which seem medical . she open the lowest drawer : wound retractor of every type . her eye be draw to the sink . it 's empty , but the white surface be stain a rusty red . the drain be clotted with hair . next to the drain , two green bottle . she lift one . Inside , there be something with moist white bubbles . she drop it and back away in disgust - a sudden surge of fear and adrenaline course through she limb . she spin around and -- slam into jurgis . they both gasp . maya ( quietly ) why be you up here ? what if he come back ? jurgis even if he do , how would I tell you from downstairs ? 71 56 . Point take . maya we need to find the camera and get out of here fast . there be a short hallway to she leave lead to a bedroom . she stare at the dark hall . jurgis I 'il check the bedroom . jurgis make he way down the hall . then something in the main room catch Maya 's eye . something out of place sit on a desk --- a black valise . Maya walk closer to it . the light hit its pitch black sheen in such a way it reflect like a mirror . Maya place she hand on it . she run she palm across it . it feel like flesh - pull so tight that it shine like metal . on its top lid -- a etched drawing of a moon and single STAR Maya put she hand on the latch , wait a beat , pop they . the valise spring open to reveal two interior compartment , one a leather pouch , the other a small tool rack . Maya stare at the rack : no tool be recognizable . each have sharp spiral and corkscrew edge . if they be for a surgery , you do not want to have it . butcher do not use this . the leather pouch contain a old datebook . Maya turn to the start and find a table of content , every entry write in symbol which suggest a ancient form of cyrillic . int . mahogany 's HOTEL room , bedroom - night - continuous 71 jurgis search at a bedside table . he see something , stop . 72 73 74 75 57 . int . mahogany 's HOTEL room , MAIN room - night - continuous 72 Maya turn the page of the datebook and find more of the old write . then she find a page with a long list of date . the first be from 1733 . there be a date , follow by a number . each page be fill with similar entry . in 1751 , the handwrite change . it change every generation or so . she react to a page date 1896 . there be many entry cluster on this one page . next page , still 1896 , more . maya shit . the last section have some new page add . a calendar paste into the bind . she flip through it and see several month with star date but no entry . many day in each month have a moon and star -- but no write . int . mahogany's HOTEL room , foyer - night - continuous 73 Close on the doorknob , it rattles slightly , and then slowly begin to turn . int . mahogany 's HOTEL room , MAIN room -- night - continous 74 Maya hear the rattling door and react immediately . maya ( whisper ) jurgis . int . mahogany ’'s HOTEL room , bedroom - night - continuous 75 jurgis do not hear a thing . he carefully open a dresser drawer . nothing but fold linen . he quietly close it and make he way toward the closet across the room . he open it . it creak slightly . Inside , be six identical brown suit , all in dry clean bag . he push a couple aside . a couple more , then -- the leica - hang from a coat hanger . jurgis beam and grab the camera from the hanger . he place the strap around he neck and spin for the exit -- 76 77 78 58. mahogany stand at the threshold of the bedroom . he steel hammer at he side . jurgis stand frozen , a scare animal . int . mahogany 's HOTEL room , kitchen - night - continuous 76 Maya stand against a cupboard , out of sight from the main room . she do not move , just listen . she can not she anything . wait . she hear a sharp exhale just outside . she move forward slowly , carefully . she can just see into the main room . nothing there . she move a few more inch . maya ( whisper ) jurgis . there 's no response , only silence . she move out a step . int . mahogany 's HOTEL room , MAIN room / bedroom - night - 77 continous Maya hold back she emotion , but she have no choice but to find jurgis . she move into the main room from the kitchen . she look around . the old datebook be where she leave it . she take one step at a time toward the bedroom , then stop . we pull back just a few foot -- now we be in the bedroom look out -- and into the frame come the blunt end of a steel hammer . mahogany hold it above the door . it 's cover with blood . through the door , we see Maya look carefully around . int . mahogany 's HOTEL room , MAIN room -- night - continuous / 8 cautiously , Maya step right up to the bedroom door . she get close enough to look in . she can not see jurgis . but there be a coat hanger laid on the bed . she take one more step . she be about to call jurgis . 79 80 81 82 83 59 . suddenly , she turn and run toward the outer door . without stop , she grab the datebook with one hand and yank the doorknob with the other . she pull the door so hard , it swing wide open , and she fly into the hallway . ext . mahogany 's HOTEL -- later 79 in the shadow of a store front across from the hotel , Maya punch a number in she cell while look at Hodge 's card . maya detective Hodge , I be Maya Jones , Leon Kaufman 's girlfriend . my friend 's in trouble . it 's the case Leon talk to you about . int . police station , office -- continuous 80 Hodge reach for a pad , phone at she ear . hodge where be you ? no , do not go back . ( write ) I will send a car . it will be there in five minute . do not do anything until they get there . int . leon 's apartment - bathroom - night 81 Leon be in he bathroom . he stand in he shower . the water pour onto he face . his eye close . the water wash the dry blood from the wound on he chest . int . leon 's bedroom -- night - continuous 82 Leon - now in he bedroom - finish dress . buttone up he finely press shirt - the wound hide beneath . int . police station , office - night 83 Maya sit in a chair opposite the desk we have see before . she 's anxious , and she fiddle with the strap of she bag . detective Hodge walk into the room , look stress out . hodge Maya Jones ? 60 . Maya nod , stand up . she 's shake . maya do you find jurgis ? hodge calm down . sit down . Maya sit , still shaking . hodge I just receive a report from the officer at the scene . now Hodge give Maya a look , gaug she . hodge they go to the room you give I , but there be no one there . maya ( frantic ) jurgis be there ! hodge no one be in the room , and there be no sign of trouble . maya that can not be right . hodge they meet the tenant in the lobby . he let they examine the place . he have be out the whole day . maya no ! he 's a butcher , and Leon think he kill people . hodge what be you talk about ? maya I be in the room . I see the tool he use . Hodge react strongly . hodge you what ? 61 . maya listen . my friend jurgis be in trouble . he be with I . he never come out . the butcher come back , and jurgis may be hurt . hodge there be no one there . maya please . come back with I , I will show you . Hodge pause a second without answer , look at Maya . hodge the tenant tell the officer that a old heirloom be miss . a family album . Maya return Hodge 's look and grow steely . maya I think you mean a datebook . it record all the murder . it go back a hundred year . hodge you take it ? Maya sit back in the chair , think , calculate . hodge let I see it , miss Jones . maya I do not have it . I run out too fast . I want to go back , but you tell I not to . hodge you have admit to break and enter , that 's very serious . I can hold you for that . maya ( not back down ) the hotel room be fill with butcher tool . murder weapon . if you do not go back with I , I will go back with someone else . 84 62. hodge Ms. Jones . if you go back , you will be arrest . you be upset , but listen . if you have the album , you can return it without any acknowledgement of guilt . maya I tell you . I do not have it . hodge the tenant do not want to press charge . I x11 give you a pass . he just want he book back . maya the butcher ? so he can do more kill ? you know about the murder , do not you ? no response from Hodge . Maya get up , turn to the door . maya do you say you be go to arrest I ? Hodge do not answer . Maya walk out .... as Hodge watch . int . negative space gallery - night 84 Susan escort Leon through the Gallery . she 's speak closely to he ear . there be a good crowd , thirty or more people . cluster of buyer circle around the print . Susan be charge . she steer Leon into the crowd . susan Bill and Sue bennett buy what I tell they . usually my third suggestion . a few will want separate time with you . but it mean a sale . a older couple smile at Susan . susan the franks do not collect photography , but let 's say hello . then shine they on . ( within range ) Leon , this be Jack and andee franks . they come by this afternoon and ask to meet you . 63 . jack franks andee think you be more like a painter than a photographer . Susan 's assistant come up . he whisper in she ear . susan I need to deal with some business . be right back . Susan give Leon a look and vanish . leon I do that in school . Painting . close on leon 's shirt : a hint of blood soak through from the carve on Leon 's chest . leon ( to Jack and andee ) Excuse I . Leon turn into a side room and look at he shirt . shit . he look for the restroom . where Susan be stand . he scan the room . his eye be catch by a red dot next to one of he print . a savage image of murder . he look around . the gallery wall feature five large format color print . all show horrific violence , one include a knife blade pierce scarlet muscle . collectively , they totally stun . Leon step back . one print alone reveal that the violence be direct at side of beef . a butcher be see : mahogany . Leon approach the photo . mahogany stare back with a cold ruthlessness . the large print be overwhelming . Leon be arrest by all the image . his look be intense . then , abruptly , he put he hand on he shirt . close on leon 's shirt : more blood soak through the shirt . Susan approach from behind . susan I do not mean for you to hide . c'mon , it 's time for the franks . Leon glare at Susan , then turn to another image . 85 64 . susan I be not wait for that one to sell . Leon ignore she , stare at the image . it 's a immense shot of the subway hallway . Loretta stare right at we . susan Leon ? Leon do not answer . then he turn and start walk . susan where be you go ? no response , so Susan grab he arm . susan ( angry ) I say , where be you go ? he yank he arm free and point at the subway shot . leon ( a smile ) I be go to catch a train . with that , Leon bolt for the door . Susan be stunne . int . otto 's restaurant -- later 85 otto , hand load with plate , serve customer at a side table . he hear a noise by the kitchen , a door slamm . it 's Maya . she start rummage under the main counter , slamm cabinet door , look for something . otto open he mouth to lay into she , but she interrupt . maya where 's you piece , otto ? otto hold on , I gotta talk to you . have you and you boyfriend lose it ? Maya ignore he , keep go through cabinet . maya where be it , otto ? 86 65 . there , she find it . a old service revolver . she check the gun . load , typical of otto . she turn to the door . otto hold it . you stop right now ! but the door slam and Maya be go . otto Holy shit . int . susan hoff gallery -- later Maya enter the gallery , the crowd still small . at the rear , Susan see she and pull out she cell . susan ( quietly ) she 's here . at the entrance , Maya see one or two people peruse the print . she scan the room for Leon , do not see he . Susan be at the back of the room . Maya approach she . maya Susan hoff ? Susan turn to Maya . maya I be Maya -- susan Leon 's girlfriend . where be he ? maya what do you mean ? susan he storm out of here , just a few minute ago . maya what be you talk about ? Susan 's assistant come up to she , whisper in she ear and try to pull she away . susan he just leave . 86 87 66 . Maya grab on to she arm . maya what happen ? Susan tear she arm away . susan I do not know . he be fine when he come in . maybe you can tell I ? maya ( ignore she ) do he say anything ? Susan have a odd smile : Leon 's girlfriend be on drug , too . susan ( you be nut , too ) as a matter of fact , he do not . Maya 's worry be evident . she think a second . maya I need to borrow a phone . mine be bust . please . ext . gallery alley -- continous 87 Maya stride into the gallery 's back alley with a cell phone in she hand . she 's dial Leon . maya ( to machine ) Leon , be you there ? the butcher , I think he have jurgis . that cop detective .... suddenly -- detective Hodge jump right into she face . hodge I want the book , Ms. Jones . Maya , surprised , step back a few inch . suddenly , Maya slam against Hodge , knock she back . maya what the fuck be you do here ? Hodge grab she arm and push she against the wall . 88 67 . immediately , Maya shake loose and turn Hodge around . maya no , you fuck tell I what 's go on . before Hodge can react , Maya swing she hand up . she 's get otto 's revolver , and she put it in Hodge 's face . maya now ! hodge ( off guard ) you have lose you mind . maya tell I where he be . hodge ( calmly ) you friend ? or the butcher ? maya where be jurgis , tell I ! Maya ram the gun so close to Hodge 's face she slam back . she do not answer at first . then she strangely relax . hodge on the train . 14th street . the first one after two o'clock . Maya give Hodge a hard push , knock she down . when Hodge get back up , Maya be already run . ext . meat packing plant - night 88 Leon step up to the front door . it 's lock . he look through the window and see a security guard . Leon be about to knock . then he change he mind . in the background : the grind hum of saw and machine . Leon start around the side of the meat pack plant , and the grind become louder . he reach a driveway . down the driveway be a load dock . no one be around . Leon walk to the driveway and disappear in the plant . 89 90 91 68. ext . CITY street - night 89 Maya make she way through the dark street . it 's late now . she reach subway station at the corner of persh Square . she look up at the entrance . it 's the one Leon mention . she check she watch . she look around , no one be there . int . subway station - turnstile -- night - continuous 90 Maya walk up to the turnstile . a few late night straggler wait to pass through . two transit cop keep a watchful eye . Maya keep a eye on the Transit cop as she scan the crowd for Leon . look at all the face on they evening commute . then , right next to she , stand a large heavyset man . Maya shudder and turn .... but it 's a young blond man , no more than twenty , smile a bright harmless smile . Maya walk through the turnstile . int . MAIN packing floor - night —- continuous 91 the line be run full tilt : carcass swing down the track , side of beef split , ground meat squeeze out . Leon see a laundry bag with dirty butcher smock by the door . he grab one from the top and throw it on . he stride into the plant , look around as he walk . the worker ignore he . a big guy , broad shoulder up ahead . Leon walk right up to he . he turn the Big guy around . he 's not mahogany . the Big guy scowl but turn away . Leon reach a work sink . it 's full of bloody tool be wash clean by a constant flow of water . he glance behind . nobody 's watch he . next to the sink be a apron / work belt hang from a hook on the wall . another look back at the worker to see what he can use to fit in . each have a belt with one or two tool . 92 93 69 . pick and choose , Leon take a short knife and a point tool that look like a awl . he put the belt on and try wear the tool . the belt droops , so he drop the awl and keep only the knife and belt . he see a old pair of work goggle . he fix the strap to fit he , and he put they on . then Leon grab a bloody cleaver and heft it . keeps it . suddenly , somebody shove he out of the way . he 's ready to defend himself , but it 's just another butcher , put he tool in the sink . the other butcher wonder if he know he . Leon just stare back , offer a little nod . the butcher nod back . Leon back away , armed . Leon take a meat hook from the sink and hang it on he belt next to he knife . then he lift the bloody meat cleaver . int . MAIN packing floor - night —- continuous 92 Leon walk with determination , knife and meat hook clanking on he belt , cleaver in he hand . just ahead , he see the door to the subway . no one be around . he do not stop . int . subway car - night - continuous 93 Maya sit in a nearly empty car . only three people with she . two be street punk with lacquer hair , one a crew cut , the other a spiky doo . they stare straight at she . weird twin . the third be a oddball with round glass . he wear a three - piece brown suit which seem too tight . he carry a well - wear sample case . Maya give he a hard look , wonder . he do not look like Leon 's photo of mahogany , but he look too muscular to be a salesman . maybe the suit be just tight . he gaze at she , then look away . Maya keep a eye on he . suddenly , there be a shrill sound of brake . the train slow . Maya jerk in she seat as the train come to a hard stop . none of the other rider move . then the two punk jump up and leave the car in one startling motion . the door shut . 94 95 96 70 . Maya look at the man in the brown suit . he ignore she . the train start move . the odd man have no expression . int . subway car -- night —- continuous 94 the train go deeper into the depth of the city . Maya look around she . the car feel like it be go faster . now the man in the suit stand up . he walk right to she . Maya lean back and grab she purse . she dig she hand in . the man stop between Maya and the door . he grab the roof hand rail . now he stare straight at she . be it a smile ? the brake hiss . slowly , the subway car stop . Doors open . the man let go of the hand rail and step out of the car . the door close behind he . the car and track be silent . then , with another hard jerk , the subway start to roll . the train be empty except for Maya . she look surprised . int . subway tunnel - platform -- night - continuous 95 Leon , butcher tool hang , walk onto a empty platform . there be a station here year ago , beneath the meat plant , but all that be leave be this platform . the overhead be burnt out , but a few bare one be still light . Leon stand , totally focus , listen for a train . hear nothing , he open he coat , shifting he tool . heft the cleaver . look down the tunnel . nothing . then a bare bulb above he start to blink . int . subway train -- night - continuous 96 Maya still sit alone as the car pull into another station . the door hiss open . no one board . the door hiss close . the train clatter out of the station . Maya look outside . 97 98 99 71 . the dark wall of a tunnel . she lean back , but still tense . int . subway tunnel -- night - continuous 97 Leon watch the bulb flicker . then another bulb flicker . he turn he head , listen for any noise . nothing . but down the line -- -- Leon can hear a very quiet rumbling . a train be come . int . subway train -- night - continuous 98 Maya turn to the other side , but she only see tunnel . suddenly -- the overhead light goe out . pitch black . Maya back into a corner . she turn to the next car : it 's dark , too . the car on the other end , just as dark . but several car down , Maya see light . she get up with a hand on the wall and walk toward the end of the car . she reach the door to the next car . she take she wallet out of she purse and stuff it in she pocket . she take out the revolver . with a toss , she throw she purse down . Maya pull the door open . the next car be dark , but the illuminate car now seem brighter . it 's only two car away . int . platform -- night - continuous 99 Leon stand at the very edge of the platform . he can hear the train advance loudly . the noise be actually a shaking . Leon react to the rumbling of the train . he stand back a little as the train get closer . but he know that the train will not be slow or stop at this old station platform . the engine car barrel past Leon , and the train flash by . Leon move back to the very edge . he try to look into the speed car , but all be now empty . he still stare . Pov : suddenly , a woman leave one car and enter another . 100 101 72 . even in the darkness , Leon can see -- it 's maya . Leon react with horror and have one think : he ’1ll just have to leap on the train ! he yank off he belt , grip the meat hook in one hand , and wrap the belt around it . the very end of the train be about to pass . his last chance . he psyches himself up , then .... jump up onto the rear of the train , snaring a outer hand rail with the hook . the centrifugal force whip he hard against the end of the train . knock the wind out of he . Leon grunt loudly . but the hook hold . the train disappear around the curve , Leon hang from it . int . subway train -- night - continuous 100 Maya stop at the door of the dark car just before the light car . thru the window she can see five body hang upside down . they swing back - and -forth from both side of the aisle , make it impossible for Maya to see all the way to the opposite end of the car . tighten she grip on the pistol , she slide open the door to - subway train /2nd to last car - continuous 101 the door slam shut behind Maya muffle the subway roar . her heart pound , Maya pause , all sense focus beyond the gun that she hold straight out with elbow lock . nothing move save the continue swinging of the corpse . the close one seem to be stare straight at she as she push past it , enter the gauntlet of body . above , a squeaking sound catch Maya 's attention . she glance up . meat hook have be hang from the same bar that the commuter strap swing from . each pierce the Achilles tendon of a corpse . the hook squeak like playground swing under the weight . 102 103 104 73. Maya look back down . only a couple corpse remain in the gauntlet . she reach out to push the next one aside but the moment she hand touch the corpse , it begin to thrash uncontrollably . shock , Maya fall backwards into the corpse behind she , . landing , she snap she gun up , point it at the back of the flail body . unlike the other , this one be still very much alive . scramble to she foot , Maya cautiously work she way around the flail body . it 's scream for all its worth but the gag in its mouth be rendering it mostly mute . as Maya reach the front of the corpse , she suddenly lower she gun , stare in disbelief . and from behind he gag , jurgis stop scream , return Maya 's stare . int . subway train / last car - night - continuous 102 mahogany scrape a crescent - shape tool across the head of a dead body , leave a pile of bloody hair and bit of scalp on the victim 's neatly fold clothes . int . subway train / last car - night - continuous 103 stand on the rear " porch " of the train , he face press to the window , Leon watch mahogany heft the now hairless body over he shoulder . with he free hand , mahogany grab the handle of he tool bag and turn toward the next subway car . the car contain jurgis and Maya . in one of Leon 's hand be the meat hook . with the other , he reach for the door handle and turn it . it do not budge . the door be locked . subway car / last car - night - continuous 104 arm shaking , Maya try to lift jurgis ' leg up off the meat hook . her hand be wet with jurgis ' blood . suddenly the ankle slip from Maya 's hand and yank to a stop against the meat hook it 's still impale on . jurgis grit he tooth try not to scream in agony . Maya reach to try again but she hand barely touch the ankle when jurgis start scream for all he 's worth . Maya look down at jurgis . jurgis ' eye be wide with horror . she turn , follow he gaze to - 105 106 74 . mahogany stand for a moment stare at Maya through the window between the two car and then he 's slide the door open and move quickly down the car toward she . Maya fumble the gun out of she pants , aim and , just before mahogany reach she , pull the trigger . ext . subway / last car - night - continuous 105 bang ! hear the gunshot , a panicked Leon begin slamm the meat hook into the window glass again and again . int . subway car / last car - night - continuous 106 mahogany lift a flatten bullet from between the chink in he chain metal apron . and smile . Maya raise the gun to shoot again but before she can pull the trigger , mahogany swing the body he 's be lug over he shoulder around like a human baseball bat , send Maya fly back into the gauntlet of corpse . her gun hit the floor and disappear beneath the seat . calmly , mahogany open he bag of tool and remove a butcher knife . Maya look up as mahogany move toward she . as he pass jurgis , mahogany bring the knife down sharply open he waist to neck . blood spill from jurgis ' torso but mahogany do not so much as break stride as continue toward Maya . suddenly the door behind mahogany fly open - jurgis mahogany ! mahogany turn . Leon stand in the doorway , the meat hook in he hand . he rush toward the two , ferocious , totally enraged . he grab mahogany by he arm and pull he back . Maya push from beneath . with a push , mahogany shake Leon and land on Maya hard , almost break she leg . she scream . now Leon bang mahogany 's head with the hammer he keep , and mahogany push he back with a big hand . Leon shout . leon let she go ! 75 . Leon pound mahogany as hard as he can , and now he flinch . leon ( to Maya ) get away . Maya crawl away from the fight man and pull herself up , look for some way to help Leon . Leon react to this , and mahogany use the moment to slam Leon hard onto the floor . Maya go for she gun and point it at mahogany . he pull Leon in front of he , and Maya move around to find a clear shot at mahogany 's head . the wrestle make it difficult . she slam mahogany hard with the handle . he do not feel it . mahogany grab Leon 's hammer , and , hold Leon down , he pound Leon hard in the forehead . Leon slump , and mahogany grab Maya with one big hand . he hurl she against the wall . Maya crumple , and Leon moan in shock . mahogany hit he again and pull he toward the car with the hang meat . they reach the car door , and mahogany give Leon 's head a bang on the glass before he pull the car door open . Leon , absorb the blow , pull mahogany away from the door . he grab mahogany 's leg and deck he with a schoolyard trip . Leon pull himself off the floor and shake off he pain with a shudder , and he take out the cleaver leave on he belt . mahogany get back up , and Leon race forward to meet the butcher , the two man raise they weapon . mahogany lift he hammer with a two hand grip . Leon wave the cleaver . they clash like gladiator . spark fly as metal meet metal . it 's a brutal conflict , make all the more chaotic by the sway of the train , and the presence of the corpse , which each man use in turn as a shield . mahogany 's hammer , then Leon 's cleaver strike the corpse - digging deep within there flesh . sever limb with single stroke . 107 76 . the man fall back on one of the bucket - human blood be overturn . the combatant try not to slide on the gore slicked floor . mahogany swing he hammer - Leon duck . the hammer strike the wall beside the door . the automatic door mechanism erupt in a shower of SPARKS . the door OPEN . the wall of the tunnel speed by dangerously close to the two man . the sound of wheel on the track increase . the train lurch , pick up speed . crash ! the hammer crush the seat next to Leon 's head . mahogany come after Leon like a juggernaut , smash corpse leave and right . Leon 's foot slide in the blood . he fall to the ground . mahogany see he chance . he raise the hammer above Leon -- bang ! Maya , back on she foot , gun in hand , fire at mahogany . mahogany cringe . the shot hit he foot . he grab Maya before fall over , and he throw she across the car . Maya slam against a wall , knock out , but still move . Leon see Maya move and reach for mahogany 's hammer . mahogany , recover , slam it down , just miss Leon . the hammer smashes a hole in the floor of the train , which get bigger when mahogany pull it out . Leon swing he cleaver but it 's knock out of he hand by mahogany 's hammer . Leon kick mahogany 's gunshot leg , and mahogany drop he hammer to the ground . int . subway train -- night - same 107 his hammer go , mahogany grab Leon 's neck and start choke he , struggle to kill he by cut off he air . Leon kick mahogany away with a final burst of strength . the light in the train flicker on and off . electricity from the track pour up from the hole in the floor . 108 77 . get back he air , Leon throw himself hard at mahogany . mahogany , stand on he strong leg , absorb the blow . he pull a serrate blade from beneath he chain mail and launch toward Leon . Leon duck , grab mahogany 's hand . mahogany rip he hand free and stab Leon in the arm . he be just graze , and Leon counter by throw himself at mahogany . mahogany lose he balance and fall back . he put he knife out to anchor himself , and he blade hit a hang carcass . the carcass groan . it 's jurgis , the blade embed in he . mahogany yank the knife out and rip half of jurgis 's chest . a sicken Leon grab mahogany and pull he down on the car floor , close to the open car door . the rock face race past . Leon throw himself on mahogany 's leg , push he further . mahogany swing out inch from the rock wall . the wall be inch from mahogany 's skull . he struggle to hang on . int . subway train - OPEN doorway - night - continuous 108 Leon push harder , brace himself against the open door . mahogany panic . he 's inch from lose the top of he head , he slashes he knife at Leon . then - a sicken sound as mahogany be hit hard by a protrude metal beam which the train hurtle past . his body jerk as the beam continue to tear at he . his hand drop to he side . his body slide out the door , fall from the train . Leon get to he foot . he grab Maya and shake she back to full consciousness , then he hold they both safe by use a strap to support they . they be inch from the hang meat . she grab he back , hold he tight . they both realize the train be beginning to slow down . it slow to a crawl . 109 78. int subway train - night - continuous 109 Leon check Maya to make sure she be okay , and they embrace , both glad to be alive . they both think of jurgis . maya jurgis ! oh , no , please . both rush to the hang jurgis , and Maya start cry when she see the body rip by mahogany 's knife . Leon pull she away , but he 's shocked by the sight of jurgis 's rip corpse . then the slow train alert they . they be come to the end of the line . Leon look out the window . on one side of the train - to Leon 's shock - the tunnel wall have disappear . darkness . a few yard beyond the track , the rock face fall away . darkness . Leon look out the door , look down . darkness . everything fall into darkness . he can not tell how far . leon Christ ... ext . subway train -- night - continuous 110 the train be stop at the bottom of a deep cavern . pitch black but immense , the train a tiny shape in the gloom . the ceiling arch above , but it 's too dark to see how high . the cavern itself be litter with skull and bony decay , a boneyard go back century , strewn with crumble remain . all be totally still . int . subway train -- night - continuous 111 Leon and Maya look into the darkness , too dark to see . behind they , there be the noise of another door . 79 . the Driver enter the car from the rear . he look at Leon , then he survey the chaos in the train . he 's obviously unfaze by the bloodsh . he see that mahogany be go . driver he do not have what it take anymore . but he give they everything he could . he know it must be do . it be a privilege . ( sincerely ) I envy you . Leon react , rage contort he face . driver before you be bear . before anyone live be bear . before the city be think of . that 's how long or longer . and you have find they . as only a few before you . the small circle . we keep the secret , and we preserve they . leon who be you ? driver a servant . leon you be a killer , like he . driver a killer ? no , I keep the world separate . you will understand . they be come now . leon I all kill you if I have to . driver the father . they be come . the builder and ruler of the city . the Driver just stare at Leon , calmly look at mahogany . then the Driver click off the light of the car . driver do not stand by the meat . 112 113 80 . then -- int . subway tunnel - night - continuous 112 a skittering noise in the darkness . Leon and Maya look out and see shape move toward they . the shape look the size of man , and they move like they be bipedal . but they be much heavier and low sling . then a noise of something on the train . Leon see the first shape as it board . it 's head be monstrous , leathery , with four row of tooth . huge eye , much too large for its head . ext . subway train -- night - continuous 113 Leon pull Maya out of the car , and they both drop down outside . they can make out a line of the shape approach , like a dark wave . the thing board the car and ignore they . they watch as the corpse in the car begin to bobble obscenely - be readied for they destination . with numerous uneven thud , the corpse drop down , and Leon and Maya hear they be drag across the dark subway car . then a shuffle noise can be hear outside the car , this time its the sound of the body be pull along . the shuffle recede in quiet wave , and finally all be silent . Leon look on the car for the Driver . he 's go . the train be plunge in darkness - there 's no sign of he anywhere . Maya cringe and grab hold of Leon 's hand . he reach down and see a pile of human bone . there be skull and remain all around . the leaving of several century of feed . Leon kneel down and survey the chaos of bone , dry skull and still - fleshy head of that who surrender here . some be so life - like it seem they might speak of the horror . Leon approach a pile of skull which seem to form a circle . suddenly , one skull come to life . it 's a still - live head , and it move out from the circle of skull and dead man . 114 81 . it 's mahogany . the top of he head be shorn off . his eye be bloodshot and furious . Leon step back startle , but it 's not a hallucination . int . subway tunnel - cavern - night - continuous 114 suddenly -- mahogany strike at leon with he cleaver . Leon grab a bone and raise it above he head for protection . it shatter under the weight of the cleaver . Leon struggle to he foot . still hold the shatter bone . mahogany reach out for he . Leon be barely able to stay on he foot . he see a sight which startles he . mahogany 's apron be go , he shirt be tear apart from the crash . in the middle of mahogany 's chest be a wound - like Leon 's - but much larger span he chest cavity . it 's deteriorate , crust and scar . mahogany see Leon 's reaction and stare coldly . Leon step back and grab Maya , pull she up and push she away . then , behind they , in the darkness there be movement . we do not see it , but something be circle the wall . saliva run from mahogany 's gape mouth . he lunge at Leon , swinging savagely . but this time mahogany miss . Leon spin around , sink the shattered bone into mahogany 's side . mahogany roar in pain , and come at Leon in a blind fury , the bone still stick in he side . mahogany come after Leon with the cleaver a third time . Leon duck the blow , and reach for the bone in mahogany 's side . he pull it out . blood and flesh pour from the wound . mahogany hit Leon in the head with the flat side of the cleaver . open up a wound in he head . Leon hit the ground hard . mahogany charge toward Leon . cleaver in hand . Leon just get back to he foot as -- mahogany swing - cut the air with precision . Leon step back , but not fast enough -- 82 . the blade bury itself in leon 's shoulder . it stick in the bone . Leon use the agonizing moment to he advantage . he still grip the shattered bone in he hand . its tip as sharp as a needle . the momentum of swinging the cleaver have carry mahogany slightly past Leon , Leon drive the break bone into the back of mahogany 's neck with all he might . mahogany gag . a rasp , choke sound come out of he throat . blood bubbles out of he mouth . out from around the tip of the bone that now jut from between mahogany 's tooth like a white demonic tongue . Leon have drive the bone all the way through mahogany 's neck and into he mouth . mahogany pull the bone out of he neck . a thin stream of blood pulse across the ground . he press he hand there , try to slow the loss of blood . Leon stand as mahogany sink to he knee . Leon 's face contort with victory . he 's beat he . but now Leon fall . he be wounded and exhaust . he hit the ground on he knee . mahogany turn he face up to Leon . there be no trace of fear in he eye - only relief . a smile twist he lip . Leon 's eye flicker with hate . mahogany spit , gurgle , try to form word . mahogany welcome . mahogany begin to choke on he own blood , laugh and cough at the same time . Leon 's gloat fade . he look around , and there be no sign of Maya . the dark cavern be silent . she be just go . leon Maya ! mahogany 's hand loosen on he wound , blood trickle down . Leon try to get up , but he effort be just a stumble . he just look around and repeat Maya 's name . leon Maya . 83 . Leon shudder from he own injury , still on he knee . hear the crunch of foot approach , he look - up to see several " father " close on he . not want to end - up like the " meat " on the train , Leon scramble backwards through the bone that litter the cavern floor then , grab hold of the cleaver still embed in he shoulder , he yank it free . blood from the newly open wound instantly soak he shirt . Leon start to raise the cleaver in defense but the claw hand of a " Father " grab he wrist from behind . Leon turn . there be more " father " behind he . he 's surround . the cleaver fall to the ground as the " father " lift Leon to he foot . he 's too weak to even think about fight they off . he 's hold up , arm outstretch arm like a scarecrow 's . another claw hand grab Leon 's chin and force he face to turn sharply leave . Leon have no choice but watch as several " father " pass , carry mahogany 's now naked body . they drop mahogany to the floor and step back . just beyond mahogany 's body be absolute darkness save the random highlight cast by the torch of the " father " . and then this highlight begin to move . what appear initially to be just a cavern wall be actually the skin of a be so massive that it fill the cavern floor - to - ceiling and continue away from Leon and the " father " to a unknowable depth . the bit of skin visible be darkish in color , smooth in texture although thin enough to reveal the massive muscle that ripple beneath and consistently wet . this be the " grandfather " . leon my God . from the darkness , one of the " grandfather 's " arm emerge and , grab hold of mahogany 's head , suddenly yank he body up . for a split second , the " grandfather 's " mouth be visible as it open wide and then , as mahogany disappear inside , it 's swallow again by darkness . the only evidence mahogany ever exist be the crunching of he bone . Leon freak . struggle with all he have leave to escape but the " father " force he to he knee . and from the darkness , two of the " grandfather 's " arm emerge . between they be Maya . she be hang a couple foot off the ground , naked and porcelain white . 84 . whether she be alive be unclear at this moment but what be clear be that Leon have never see something so beautiful . she hang in the darkness like a angel . leon Maya . Maya 's eye open . and stare down into Leon 's . leon Maya , can you hear I ? a peaceful smile crease Maya 's lip . maya Leon , this be what you have be look for . and from the void behind Maya , two more of the '' grandfather 's '' arm emerge . they wrap themselves around either side of Maya , meeting in the middle of she chest . leon let she go . take I ! the grandfather 's finder sink easily into the flesh of Maya 's chest like a baker 's into dough . leon let her go ! and then almost tenderly the hand pull back . there be a moment of resistance and then , with the faintest of crack , she rib cage separate and she entire torso open , revealing the organ within . there be no blood . just the play of the '' Father 's '' torch light on she motionless heart . leon no , no , Maya ! Leon bow he head , completely break . when he look back up , the Driver be stand over he . driver and now to serve in silence . the '' father '' step back from the Driver and Leon . the Driver pull Leon 's mouth open and force he hand into Leon 's mouth and rip out Leon 's tongue . blood cascade from Leon 's mouth . 85 . the Driver hold Leon 's tongue up , present it to Leon . then he throw it into the mass of '' father '' . the dark mass absorb it . slowly , Leon 's breathe recover and become less labor , more control . the breathe then become measure , even . it almost become normal breathe , with a slight tremble . somehow rise to he foot , Leon move he head toward the still hover Maya , and the Driver let he close the distance to she . her face be almost freeze now , but Leon continue to move closer . now he be face to face with she , and he move he bloody lip to kiss she . she remain fix like a statue as he begin a blood kiss , press he lip hard on hers . suddenly Maya seem to come alive , with blood from Leon 's mouth run . Maya 's body arch back , she chest cavity open up further , almost like wing . she give Leon a skeletal embrace which he receive in winder , he eye become fix , cold , icy . int . mahogany 's apartment - bathroom -- day 115 a shrill metallic screech . bad plumbing . a hand turn a faucet off , old water pipe , a moldy bathroom . the hand reach up to straighten a tie . a modest brown suit . clean . we see shoulder . it 's fit perfectly . a suit identical to the neatly - press one wear by mahogany . now we see cuff link , neat like mahogany 's cuff link . and , on the wrist , a twisted silver bracelet with a moon . int . mahogany 's apartment - MAIN room - day - continuous 116 we have see this room before . it 's the main room of mahogany 's apartment . there be someone in the chair . it 's detective Hodge . she be watch a news report on the small television . anchor woman - apparently she acquire a automatic pistol before she disappearance . ( more ) 86 . anchor woman ( cont would ) the police say Ms. Jones and Mr. tompkin be only miss at this point , although foul play have not be rule out . and now the man in the neat suit stand before the set , watch the report with Hodge . it 's Leon . but virtually a spitting image for mahogany . he show no interest in the news and face Hodge . she give he the once -over , then turn back to the television . she reach behind and yank the plug . the set blink off . Leon go to a old desk and lean over something we can not see at first . as he lean over it , we recognize the black valise . he take out several corkscrew tool and inspect they . the lid of the valise slowly close on its own . Leon step up to the hallway door , he pick up a black leather bag from the floor . we hear a quiet metallic clatter . engrave on the leather be the name '' mahogany . '' Leon pause and cock he head . Hodge now stand right behind Leon , and she take a leather datebook out of she coat and present it to he . it be the same datebook which Hodge take from Maya . Leon hold the book a minute , glance at its content , then stuff it inside he coat . he open the outer door . a uniform cop have he back to we in the doorway , but he move to let Leon pass . and now the cop shut the door . int . subway train - night 117 it 's late . we follow Leon , dress in he suit , leather bag in one hand , as he walk the aisle of a empty car . his stride be purposeful . he leave one car , enter the next . we follow he through a second empty car . no one . clack . he slide open the door to a third car and enter . this car be also empty . except one lone passenger -- the young man from the prologue . the young man lean back in he seat , sleep , unaware . leon pass right by the young man , seeming to ignore he . Leon open the door to the next car . he stop , turn . Leon look back a second . now he go through the door . clack -- the car door slam shut behind he . 87 .