: o. the talisman we screenplay adaptation by richard lagravenese may 22 1992 amblin entertainment fade in ; inside the imagination of a five year old boy ; ( & child 's imagination be a most powerful force . it can transform kitchen spoon into a spaceship ... or a wallpaper design into a story of adventure and dare . ) surreal image float across screen as we attempt to glimpse into this mysterious world of a child 's imaginings : a fairytale city of spire and cathedral paint in multi - color strip accompain by fanciful music denote a sense of another world where reality be a question of perspective . wing being of various color fade into screen , as they populate the sky overhead . colorful doll - like townspeople spin and dance in a town square . horse join the winge being as they leap over building in play . the Sun rise and open it eye , shed orange light and warmth . the image have the feel of cartoonist Windsor mccay and he Little nemo in slumberland . intercut ; the face of a five year old boy , jack sawyer as he conjure up this image . there be almost a trance like quality about he expression . he be completely envelop in this world , oblivious to he " real " surroundings which have not yet be reveal . the distant voice of he mother , lily , be hear 0o.s . ; lily ( 0.s. ) jaaacckk . jaaaccck .... jaaacceckkkkyyyyy .... CUT to : int . jack sawyer' bedroom - day . c.u. of jack , as he blink he eye , slowly register the call of he mother . he repsond as if from a dream ; jack yeah ! lily ( 0.s. ) be you ready for lunch ? jack ( not understanding ) what ? lily ( 0.s . ) lunch ! do you want any lunch !? 1 lily ( 0.s. ) do I have to scream across this . house ! where be you ! Jack lie on he bed facnig the wallpaper - a collection of fairytale image repeat in pattern . the image be of a fairy tale town of castle with a bright shine sun . Jack hop off he bed , yell ; jack , I be not hungry ! instead , he plop on the floor and start immediately play with a remote controlled british taxi cab . he drive the cab out of he toy infest room and exit . cur to : int . sawyer home ; los angele - day . c.u. of toy cab as he race through the house ; dodging furniture , jump carpet while Jack hum a little '' adventure movie theme " . suddenly , the cab crash into the table leg of a delicate rosewood table , jolting the base and cause the vase on top of it to wobble . we hear the remote drop to the floor as jack two SMALL hand come into frame to steady the vase , as we hear ; lily ( 0.8 . ) jack !... what be you doin ? jack ( boyishly innocent ) nothing . pick up the remote , he turn drive the cab away from the table . he head back down a corridor to he room . on the way he pass by a door . Jack stop at the door , stare up at it with respect and curiosity . it be the door to he father' study , he father 's private room . o.s. he mother lily , call : lily ( 0.s. ) Jack !. where be you !? Le jack ( mischieviously ) nowhere . he eye the door of he father' study . to Jack , or any 2 little boy who idolize he father , it 's a secret entrance to the mysterious and the marvelous ; the private world of he father . he slowly reach for the door knob and turn . the door slowly swing open revealing ; a empty study of book and papers and fatherly thing . his mother warn 0.s. : lily ( 0.s. ) just stay out of you father 's study , you hear I ! - jack o.k .! he shut the door , and run down the corridor line with picture and plant . he make a right into he room and disappear 0.s . camera remains on empty corridor , with the door to the study in the foreground , as the phone ring 0.s . ; lily ( 0.s . ) hello !... susie ! hey ! when be you guy come over ?... huh- huh .... oh ... do you just feel a tremor !? I swear I just feel something ... ha , I move back to New York . you people be nut ... hahah .... ( voice fade as dialogue continue 0.s... ) Jack 's little head mischieviously re-appear , pop back out of he doorway and peer down the corridor . continue she phone conversation 0.s. he mother be now occupy , so the coast , temporarily , be clear . he carry he taxi cab and remote control and cross straight to he father 's office . he reverently reach for the door knob of the study . c.u. ; the doorknob - Jack slowly turn the knob , the door slowly . open . but Jack be most surprised by what he see . Pov - int . study ; he father be now sitting at he desk , writing in a book with a gold pen . he turn to he son and smile warmly , though he expression tell we he be also burden with deep concern . Jack be a little mix - up . he be sure the room be empty . father ( smile ) - come here you . Jack forget the strangeness of he father 's sudden appearance , and rush to he dad 's open arm . his father hug as if for the last time . he speak gently , lovingly ; father what be you up to , huh ? - jack nothing . father nothing ? can I play too ? ( Jack nod ) let I finish this and I will be right with you , 0.k .? Jack nod as he father release he . he watch he dad turn back to the desk and pick up the beautiful gold pen and begin to write in a SMALL black book . Jack 's eye then wander to the other wonder of this warm and invite room fill with book and memento . the wall be soft earthy color - okre , pumpkin and soft brown . a big leather couch sit against the wall opposite the door . bookshelve line the wall with a desk and chair sit snugly beneath then . he look way up , to the top of the bookshelve , where giant book with big word he do not understand , lay on they side . titles like ; the teaching of the secret school , arcane law for the age , einsteinxs theory of relativity , the physics of magic . Jack move to a photograph tack on the wall . angle on ; photograph - the most beautiful beach you can imagine . not only do every - thing look pristine and unspoil by civilization - the color in the photo be almost surreal . the sky be bright , bright blue ... the water be a shimmer , rich indigo ... the sand almost sparkling beneath a orange red , perfectly round sun . the photo look holographic . he be captivate by it . angle on ; father ~- his father continue to write when , suddenly , he notice that the water in a glass on he desk be start to quiver . he feel the desk itself start to vibrate ever so slightly . he turn on Jack abruptly ; father jack ! {~~ - | . startle , Jack turn - drop he taxi cab and remote . father go to you room . I ... I have to finish this . 0.k. jack ( feel the shaking ) it be a earthquake ? father - no , just a tremor I think .. go on . Jack move to the door . his father eye he - with a loving yet troubled gaze then speak , to he own surprise ; father Jack ! ( Jack turn at the door ) do not be afraid . the father utter this line with a deeper meaning than Jack understand . so he nod and exit , close the door behind hin . cut to : of ext . study - day : same time . Jack exit and close the door . he begin to walk back to he room when he realize he forget he toy cab in the study . he turn around and walk back to the door . but as he reach for the knob , he stop . he stop because he hear ; the whispering of two voice from inside the study . a chill run down he back . he be curious , but also apprehensive . the whisper be angry in tone . we pick up only hint ; — whisper one I be sick of you tell I what to do ! whisper two ( father ) please . . not here . . whisper one where be it ? I have a right to know too ! Jack decide to go in . he reach for the knob but stop when ; c.u. on knob , as it begin to shake ~ as if from another tremor . 5 then it stop . Jack 's hand turn the knob and push open the door . it swing wide to reveal that ; the room be empty again . no dad . no whisper voice . Jack enter in wonder and confusion . his nervousness cause he breathe to turn shallow . he pull out a inhaler ( broncodialtor use for asthma ) and take two breath . look around the room he notice on the floor ; a candy wrapper for a mint call : fresh breath . he be sure it be not there before . he pick it up . lily ( 0.8 . ) jack ...? come in here and have lunch ! Jack jump . he rush out of the room and close the door behind he . camera remains on the toy taxi cab which Jack have yet again leave behind ... cuT to : int . kitchen ~ later that day . Jack be play with he tuna fish sandwich , eat on a stool at the kitchen counter . in the b.g. , through glass door , we can see the legs and torso of lily , who lie in the yard , sunbathing . a radio play the song , evocative of the period . the phone ring . Jack slide off he stool and pick up ; jack hello . a upset uncle tommy speak from the other end , hide the pain in he voice ; tommy ( 0.s. ) hey little man . it 's uncle tomny . jack ( beam ) hi ! be you come over ? tommy ( 0.s. ) yeah , in a little while ... be you mom there , kiddo ? jack ls yeah ... ( call ) mom it's uncle tommy . Jack put down the phone and return to he sandwich . lily enter but camera remain at Jack 's eye level . we only see lily from the mid-section down . she pick up . lily hey Tommy . where be you guy ? «~ you be miss a beautif - ... what ?... what do you mean ? ( start to cry ) what ?... oh my GOD !... oh my God ... camera be on Jack as he panic watch he mother get upset . jack Mom ?... lily - oh GOD !... she start cry as she drop the phone and run 0.s. Jack get off the stool and listen , but Tommy be go . he hang it up . he walk off towards he mother but decide not to follow . instead , he enter he father 's study and look around . jack daddy ? he sit on the big couch and wait for he daddy to come back . cut to : time jump to tre present int . manhattant apartment - twilight . camera pull back to reveal a twelve year old jack sit in a small gray room full of pack box . lily ( 0.s. ) Jackie , the move man can finish up ! come on , the car be here ! he pick up he knapsack , but then remember something he have to bring . he grab a paperback copy of kerouac be " on the road " . he pick up he broncodialt inhaler , take a quick hit and put it in he pocket . he exit . cut to : int . manhattan apartment - twilight . a Jack walk through a long foyer . on the wall be movie poster of b-horror movie from the 70' star lily cavanaugh . he enter the live room to find she down the last of the scotch as she slip on she coat . he sense she be in a bad mood . lily help I with this , will ya ? ( Jack ease she coat onto she ) do we pack the photo album of you dad 's family ? jack that be in storage in LA when we pack up the encino house . ( adolescent annoyance ) we entire life be in storage . lily - yeah , well when you turn eighteen , you can put I in storage . along with the rest of the junk . lily 's sarcastic self - deprecate talk hurt Jack . he look to the poster that have give lily the image of be a beautiful , sexy , siren be either torment , hunt or covete by some evil . only one seem to stand out as different from the other ; a love story call queen for a day . now lily seem , not only older , but beat . her skin be pallid , she body , skin and bone . she pick up she bag from a hall table , along with a bottle of prescription pill which she toss in she bag . Jack follow . the phone ring which stop they both . Jack move to answer but lily stop he . lily let the machine pick up . there be a trace of anxiety in she voice , which Jack notice . the machine turn on . a older man' voice ( morgan sloat ) leave a message . , morgan ( 0.s. ) lily , it 's Morgan . where the hell be you ? you can not run forever kid ! we recognize it as the same voice we hear as the second angry whisper , when Jack be little and listen at the study door ; --. I be not go away that easy . and if you think I be , you get some bigger problem than you real - ... by this point , lily have cross to the machine and turn it off . jack now he 's go to know you be here . lily I do not care . let 's go . they exit . : curt to : ext . highway - twilight . a car service limosine drive along a picturesque highway , carry Jack and lily to they new destination . int . car - twilight . lily smoke a cigarette in silence . Jack gaze out at the pass scenery . lily cough but do not stop smoking . we can tell Jack be disturb by this . jack we do not call uncle Tommy . lily hide she uneasiness at this statement . lily I call susie and tell she where we would be . jack what be I go do about school ? lily relax !... Christ ! you be take a little sabbatical . no big deal ... I call you teacher . she give you that book report to do . she indicate the on the road on he lap . Jack grimace . jack I hate it . I do not understand it ! all they do be drive all over the place and get drunk at party . c.u. ; lily , as she say half sarcastically , half seriously ; lily not such a bad idea . Jack hate this side of he mother . he turn away and lean against the window and try to sleep . in the window , he sees he mother' reflection , float eeriely along the darken highway . he be clearly upset and worried about she . ext . arcadia beach - dawn . the ride have take all night . the car drive through a desert beach town . grey and lifeless , it 's a ghosttown after the summer . Beyond the town , they drive past the arcadia funworld ; a amusement park / funhouse also shut down for the season . a break neon sign flash , arcdia unworld . CUT to : ext . alhambra inn and garden - morning . a place that look like it 's '' at the end of the world " . a impose New England resort hotel that overlook the ocean . now , in the October grey , it look omnious and deadly quiet . Jack immediately do not like where he be . CUT to : int . alhambra inn and garden - morning . lily be check in with a impersonal front desk clerk who eye Jack . Jack survey the lobby ; he see several very old people sit in a armchair read newspaper or napping . the place reek of old age and decay cuut to : int . dine room - later that night . a giant dining hall with over a hundred table . Jack and lily , however , be the only people here . theirs be the only table set . all the other table be cover or have chair stack on then . lily I wonder why no one else come to dinner . jack ( sarcastic ) maybe because they do not serve intravenous entree on the menu . lily give he a dirty look as a curt waiter approach then . he speak he dialogue with deadpan irony . waiter can I get you anything from the bar ? 10 lily I would like a martini . straight up . very dry . jack I would like one too . neat . very wet . the waiter do not get it . lily tell the waiter : lily do not mind he . he 's in a mood . 's waiter how old be you ? jack twelve . waiter ( deadpan ) a twelve year old in a mood . you must be from New York . lily be this the smoking section ? the waiter look around sarcastically at the empty dining hall . waiter no . get equally irritate , lily light up in front of he . lily then I will need a ashtray . he exit 0.s..... lily and Jack look serious , then crack a smile . lily start giggle but Jack try to remain serious . . jack Nazi waiter . lily Boy , you be in a mood . do you sleep ? ( Jack shake he head ) tch . what be I go to do with you ? jack be we break ? lily no . and it 's not for you to worry about . I will take care of it . 11 jack ( persistent ) of . be that what uncle Morgan want to talk to you about ? lily ( sternly ) he 's not you uncle ! do not call he that ! jack if we be almost break , what be we do at a hotel ? where be we gonna live !? - lily we be take a little vacation , that 's all ! we will relax . hang out on the beach . watch tv ... you can play outside . you have get the whole place to yourself .. jack ( petulant ) play outside ! it 's like October - the place be full of dead people . the beach be pollute . what be I gonna do all day - bury dead seagull ? lily of all right ! enough !... lily be hurt . Jack feel bad . he try to make up . beat . jack Channel 25 's play you movie all this week for Halloween . the other night be the one where you be babysit and the killer keep deliver pizza . lily ( remember ) the last slice ! do great business in the bronx , if I remember correctly . jack ( sincerely ) you be very good in it . lily ( warming back up ) tch ... you look just like you father when you say that ... ( she touch he cheek ) 12 lily my two biggest fan ... why do you have . to be such a kvetch pain in my ass ? jack I be not ! she start cough from she cigarette . Jack be disturb by this . he hand she a glass of water . she put out she cigarette . jack be you all right ? lily ( nod ) just a tickle . Jack 's face tell we he know it 's more . lily look at she watch . she pull out she medication and take one with the water . Jack eye the prescription . lily see this . before he can ask , another question , lily know she must tell he something , so , she tell he a story as she light up another cigarette . lily you know , you be father and I come here . Long time ago ... it be the dead of winter . the year I get the nomination for queen for a day . he be so excited . want to fly out to l.a... let the studio put we up in some four star place , do the whole nine yard . I know I woul dot win but ... there be no tell you father ! he do have a point - I mean , it be the first time I be not be chase with a buzz see . the Academy love it when you do something different . they think it 's talent . ( Jack love listen to she ) but it be not really . I be just play a girl in love ... and , it so happen at the time , I be ... so I convinced he to take I away , and we would watch the award on tv ... he find this place . it be so empty we keep move to bigger room . in the middle of the night .. when I lose , I remember , he say to I ; lil , we could not be any luckier than we be right now . I could not love you any more than I do right now . ( stop , almost cry then smile ; ) and then ... well ... nine month later you be here . 13 jack ( sarcastic ) = great . now I will really sleep - picture you and dad humping all over the hotel . lily pain in the ass ! beat . lily puff on she cigarette ... then ask softly ; lily do you remember he at all ? > jack ( serious ) a little . I remember he smell . ( lily look at he curiously ) he always smell like ... burnt leave . lily remember that too and smile - not want to cry . the waiter appear with they salad . CUT to : int . bedroom - night . the wave crash and the gallop steed weathervane squeaking in the wind above he , make Jack restless in bed . Jack be dream . it be a nightmare : fade in ; surreal image of a burning earth ; explosive , poison air , bubbling watery fire and the distant cry of he mother ; lily ( 0.s. ) jaackkkk . . . jaaack ...... jack awaken , startled . he get out of bed and close the window . look out , he see the silhouette of the gallop steed weathervane , project on the ground through the moonlight . as the wind spin the steed , it 's image alternately appear , then disappear , then re-appear , then disappear again - like a mirror trick magician use to create vanish illusion . he pull himself away , grab he inhaler , take a few breathes and exit into the live room . a cur to : int . HOTEL live room - night . lily be already up , watch one she old movie , chain smoking and have a cocktail . she 's a little drunk - softer , calmer ... 14 lily co - can not sleep again ? Jack shake he head and sit on the cou she arm around he . he cuddle up to she lily what do you think about so m : jack I do not know . thing . _ lily . - what thing ? jack ( calmly ) oh stuff - the world end .... nuclear war , get skin cancer , — — get aids , Nazis come back into pc lily what be it with you and Nazis - they 'r : not come back !.. Jesus .. when I be yor age I use to worry about my skin brea : co jack I worry about that too ... I can not belie I be in high school . what a nightmare ! you should see the size of some of that kid . senior look practically middle age . and then there 's college and ... and get a job - how do you know what to pick ? how do you know wha business will survive the ecomomy - what if I pick the wrong thing and I can not pay my bill ? lily marry a rich girl . jack and what about get marry ? I mean , how do you know who you be suppose marry ? what if mine 's athlet and mean ? what if she have hair on she and what if I go bald ? then no one will want to marry I . and what if you die before ... Jack stop himself . both he and lily be uneasy with ( Jack take a another hit off he inhaler . 15 lily ( play it cool ) . oh ... you do not have to worry about that for along time . besides , in a few year , you will be dating ~ you will see how easy it get . you be lucky you be a boy , believe I ... you be gonna push I aside for some dame , soon enough . jack do not say that . lily - o.k. , o.k .... jack I just do not think I can do it . lily do what ? jack be a grow -up . lily squeeze he tight ; lily you will do fine . they watch lily movie on tv . jack be this " blood banquet " ... ( lily nod ) the one where you mother - in- law 's a cannibal ? ugh , this one 's gruesome ! lily it 's just a movie kid . angle on tv ; lily and another actor be engage in a eerie conversation over the dinner table ... Jack recite the line along with the actor ; actor on tv / jack _ ( lily ) " but I tell you there 's something wrong " ... ( actor ) " oh it 's just the nerve ...- - of a newlyw ... you have to get to know she " ... ( lily ) " it 's not my nerve . " ...( actress ) " would anyone care for some more lamb chop ? " ... 16 lily stifles a laugh and put she hand over Jack 's mouth . but everytime she let go , he continue the dialogue without miss a beat . it 's a game they play . lily you should have be the actor in the family . she reach for another cigarette . Jack be disturb . jack what be that pill you take for ? lily - if you be not gonna watch the movie , go to bed ! jack you have get really thin . lily jack} ! Jack turn to the movie . he can not help himself to ask another question . jack can I call uncle Tommy tomorrow ? out of nowhere , lily slam the remote down and rise in anger . lily jesus ! what be it with you !? can not I get a break !? I feel like I be on a goddman quiz show ! '' when be you gonna quit ? where 's uncle Tommy ? why be we here ? " ... jack * ( hold he ground ) why be we here ? this stop she . she realize she have blow up at he for no reason . he deserve a answer . she mute the tv and sit . she speak with great difficulty ; lily we be here because ... because I need some time to think thing out . in have ... I have get to plan thing ... Jack be about to ask another question , but lily raise she hand for he to wait . 17 lily . you unc - ( stop ) ... Morgan have be a . - I to sign some papers that ... - that will give he the business he and — you dad have ... he want to set aside money for you education . make sure you be take care of . you future . jack what about you future ? lily stare at he big beautiful eye and try with all she might not to cry . she fight for strength . lily ( lie ) well ... he 's gonna take care of I too . but ... see the thing be ... you father never really trust Morgan . and I ... I be not sure what the right thing to do be . jack why do not you ask uncle Tommy ? this be another blow to lily , who gather she courage . lily honey ...now I do not want you to worry ... but you uncle Tommy ... well nobody know where he be exactly . ( Jack listen intently ) he leave work last Thursday and ... no one have see he since . . jack not even aunt susie ? she shake she head . get anxious , Jack inhale he inhaler . : lily now I really do not want you to worry . I be sure Tommy 's fine . we will call aunt susie tomorrow and I bet you anything he 's home ... camera angle on Jack rest he head against he mother 's torso ; both face the blue glare of the tv . lily I love you very much . and I be ... I be sorry I never plan so good before ... but that 's gonna 18 lily change . I be go to plan now ... maybe I will go back to work or maybe I will sign this papers or maybe we will move to Montana and grow rutagbagas .. ( Jack try to smile ) we have lot of choice . I be go to work it all out . you will see . so do not worry ... Jack close he eye as he squeeze he mother tight - give she the strength he know she lack . he open he eye and say ; - jack ( lie ) I will not . int . HOTEL room - morning . Jack be dress and ready . lily be fast asleep on the couch . Jack seize the opportunity to look through she bag as quietly as he can . he find the bottle of pill . he do not understand the prescription but he read the doctor 's name and specialty ; oncology . CUT to : int . HOTEL ; lobby - day . the several older people be in they same chair , napping or read the papers . Jack look through the bookshelve for a dictionary . he be startle by the voice the clerk . clerk what be you look for ? jack a dictionary . . clerk we do not have one . there 's a library in town . this book be not for read . the clerk move away . Jack mutter ; jack Nazi hotel clerk . a sweet elderly woman , offer she help . 19 elderly woman what word be you plan to look up ? jack . oh .. it 's .. some medical word . you would not know it . elderly woman well , that gentleman over there be a doctor . or use to be . why do not you ask he ? Jack nod and slowly approach a old man nodd off in he chair , with a newspaper on he lap . Jack hesitates , , then ask ; jack Excuse I ?... Excuse I ! the Old man be startle and stare at Jack in a confuse state . jack sorry ... but I hear you be a doctor and I wonder if you know what ... on.. on- col-ogy mean ... the Old man stare at he in complete bewilderment . Jack sigh ; jack forget it . it 's 0.k... sorry ... Jack walk away . camera follow he as he head out of the lounge until a voice 0.s. stop he ; old man ( 0.s. ) Cancer . Jack stop . he turn . the Old man be look at he from around the big chair . old man it 's the study of cancer . Jack turn white . everyone seem to be look at he . he be practically in shock . he run out of the hotel . cut to : ext . alhambra inn ; beach - day . a grey day . the beach be desert . Jack run , as if he be be chase . soon , he slow down , out of breath , feel lose . along the shore be empty can , papers and various bit of trash . the water look brown and dirty ..- 20 jack forget it ! it 's not true . it 's not true . he pull out he inhaler and begin take serveral hit . he - sit on the shore and pull out he copy of '' on the road " . he start to read . the book block we view of he face . but , the book lower as Jack lose interest and stare out into the ocean ... he break down and start to cry . after a beat or two , he raise he head for a moment down the beach to see : the eerie figure of a man stand very still , far down the beach . it stand like a shadow , backlit by the hazy sun . the same shadow / man from the night before . Jack look curiously , then with a slow recognition ; jack ( mutter , confuse ) uncle Tommy ? he rise and begin to walk , say a little louder ; jack uncle Tommy ! he begin to run , drop on the road , which be swallow up by the wave . camera track alongside he as he run down the beach and right into the arm of uncle tommy , who pick he up and hug he tight , as if for dear life ... he be wear out and unshaven . he look as if he 's be in the same clothes for day . he also look scared . uncle tommy ( lovingly ) oh Jackie ... jack where have you be ? nobody know -... uncle tommy I know . I know , kiddo . jack we should go tell Mom ... |. uncle tommy o.k..0.k... not right now though ... let 's take a walk first . just you and I . 0.k .?.... ( he lead Jack away ) ... be you cold ? 21 jack ( nod ) I run out without my jacket . uncle tommy let 's go inside somewhere .... they head for the arcadia funworld , beach entrance . Tommy look around furtively , to make sure no one can see then . CUT to : int . arcadia funworld ; the funhouse - day . a skeletal , abandon barn - like structure , with window that run along the beach side and the Main Street side . empty space which once hold video game & pinball machine , surround Tommy and Jack . in the center be a old fashioned carousel . Tommy head straight for the Main Street side and look out the window . he seem anxious , worried . uncle tommy when do you get here ? jack last night . what -... uncle tommy do Morgan know you be here ? jack no . he call before we leave but Mom do not talk to he . tommy how be you Mom ? suddenly Jack 's face grow dark and serious . Tommy turn when Jack do not respond , see he face and know what this mean . . tommy I guess she tell you huh ? jack ( child - like bait ) told I what ? a Tommy kneel down before and speak very straightforwardly , refuse to coddle Jack ; tommy Jack , I know this be hard ... but 22 tommy if you want to ask I a question , . then you ask I . do not play game . you be not a little kid anymore . Jack , feely slightly reprimand , straighten up and decide to meet the challenge . jack do my Mom have cancer ? tommy ( pause then plainly ) - yes . this sting Jack . but he raise he courage to ask ; jack be she die ? pause . Tommy know he have to do this , but he do not want to . tommy yes . Jack face go white . his worst nightmare be come true . Tommy grab he by the shoulder ; uncle tommy I be sorry kid . but you gotta be strong now ... I have get alot to tell you . and we do not have ' much time . you have get to leave this place . right away . jack ( upset , hold back tear ) good. = hate it here . uncle tommy no , you have to go because it 's dangerous here ... and because you be need somewhere else ... and because ... you can save you mon . jack a ( dumbfounded ) what ? at that moment , Tommy 's see , out of the Main Street window ; a black van turn slowly cruise down the desert street . clearly scared , Tommy quickly pull Jack out of view . ns 23 he put he hand over Jack 's mouth , press both of they against the wall until the black van stop in front of the of funworld . Jack read on the side of the van , the word wild child be spray paint in big block letter . uncle tommy God phil , forgive I . I lead they right to hin . Tommy pull Jack roughly , to the center of the carousel . they squat down low so as not to be see . he peer in between the horse and see ; the Van slowly drive away . Tommy breathes a momentary sigh of relief . Jack be scared now . jack who 's in the van ? why be they fol -...? tommy listen ! you have get to listen . there be not enough time . there 's too much to tell .. i.. i' 11 try to get to everything but ... you just have to listen to I now ...0.K.? of Jack nod apprehensively . a simple man , Tommy try to explain ; . tommy ( frustrated , talk fast ) I wish I have the word . you father be good at this ... phil be always smarter than I . he be a great man , you dad . a man of vision . . be not many like he . he always believe there be more to this world of ours ... more than we could sometimes see or understand with just this ... ( tap he head ) .-- and he be right . there be more . he find it . ( try to explain ) do you remember when you be a kid and ... and you use to be able to close you eye and .. and ... imagine | you be some place else ... like a daydream ? and it feel like a real place ? Jack shake he head . he do not understand . tommy damn , I be not say this right ... 24 Tommy pull out a SMALL vial with brownish - ~ x . tommy — _—_ here , I will just have to show sometimes , when you get olde : you imagination go , so you some help . or if you scared : like I I , you need alot of he he uncap the vial and jack can smell burnt le jack dad ! it smell like dad . tommy ( hopeful ) yeah , that 's right . ©.S. banging ! Tommy and Jack turn with a start - the hu : door of the funworld begin to shake . the wild child VA : parked in front . someone with great strength be try tommy hurry ! put some on you finger and then rub it on this spot : right between you eye above you nose . ( Jack try to object but ; ) do it !... there 's no time ... he hand the vial to Jack , just as ; the barn door begin to break apart . Tommy quickly move to the carousel control panel and ' the carousel .... cause the horse to move quickly aro for additional protection . meanwhile , Jack dab he fi hesitate to rub it on . tommy go ahead . ( take the vial ) I will be right behind you . Jack rub the liquid into he forehead as the carouse : around hin . Pov jack : the carousel horse spin around the funworld arcade , the barn door as they break open more and more ....th as if one half of the arcade be wipe away , the bar go and replace by a OPEN field with live horse .. 25 carousel continue it 's revolution , the rest of the arcade disappear as well , until all Jack can see be a OPEN field and horse .... wide angle ; territories . Jack sit in the middle of a circle of horse galloping in a perfect circle , like train circus animal ... he can not believe he eye . he scan the scene beyond the horse ; it be the beach from he father 's holographic photo . Jack be amaze . his uncle be suddenly behind . - jack my god. and yet it be the same beach where the alhambra inn and he mother still be ... but it 's not the same .... the color be extraordinaryly vivid . he turn to where the alhambra inn normally stand and find there be nothing there but mile of tall sea grass blow gently in the wind . he take deep breath and feel lighter , clearer . he look at " the horizon line where the indigo ocean meet a sky the color of fade demin .... the horizon - line show a faint but unmistakable curve " . the water be not brown but a clear , clean blue . the funhouse be go , but instead there stand the tall tented pavillion . even they clothes have change - a one piece worksuit make 70 of some kind of canvas material with cloth shoe in a drab , tan color . most of the people be wear this " uniform " . jack Holy shit .. what happen ? where be we ? tommy we flip over . they call this place the Territories ... jack but..what .... tommy ( speak softly , but urgently ) sshhh . just follow I . Tommy and Jack cut through the horse , beyond the circle and down to the beach .... they start walk , pass by various kind of carnival performer practise they craft ... Jack look at the sight in awe be gently down to the beach ; they take a step or two , then Jack stagger , breathe heavily . 26 dylof jack I feel a little dizzy . tommy o.k... sit down ... I will get you some water Jack sit in the sand - he head reeling . Tommy exit 0.s. Jack search for he inhaler and pull out a bamboo reed . he do not know what to do with it . he panic for a moment , afraid he will not be able to catch he breath ... but suddenly he realize that he can breath quite easily here ... he take a deep breath . he take another to make sure he be not be fool . he look for uncle Tommy ; out on the shore , he see tommy cupping some water in he hand as it wash back into the ocean . he bring it back to Jack . Jack flinch but Tommy explain ; tommy it 's 0.k.. it 's fresh water . jack a fresh water ocean ?! tommy well .... it 's salt water when it come in ... but , after it give the salt to the beach , it go back fresh . that 's why you have to catch it on it 's way back ... here . Jack hesitantly sip the water and to he amazement , it be fresh . tommy all shore village be about the salt . see that hut ... Jack look up the beach to several hut , with big boiling pot and tube over fire that look like pre-industrial Revolution machinery . skill worker labor about the machinery . tommy the water give the salt to the sand and the people take the salt out of the sand ... then they trade it . : jack but ...how ... how do the water give the salt ? 27 tommy see that guy in the long robe ? Jack look in the other direction and see ; a line of several old men in long robe sit on the beach face the ocean and talk under they breath in unison . tommy they be kind of like priest . they talk to the ocean all day , ask it for salt and ... well ... the ocean give it . Jack look at - Tommy like he 's nut . Tommy shrug ; tommy have you ever see a sky so blue ? there be no car here Jack , no factory . you be either a farmer or a salt worker or a ironsmith ... ( respectfully ) skill Jack . everyone have a skill they be proud of . first time you father take I I think I be in heaven . he tell I it 's be here for century . ( he sit , frustrated ) I wish he be here now . he could explain . I be not a philosopher or scientist . the easiest way I guess be to say that - the world we know ... it just be not the only one . except , we mind think it be ... this other world be go on right at the same time , only we can not see they unless , we work at it with we imagination , which come from some place else ... some place , I do not know , more of God 's world . you dad say imagination be not just something kid play with ... that imagination be more even powerful than any science or any machine because everything that be ever create - start out a idea in somebody 's imagination . and because everything have imagination - even the water . that thing back home about the Earth be alive and all ... well , they get that idea from the Territories . look like magic to we ... but this people believe in the magic ... like ... like we believe in physics back home . Jack listen with astonishment . 28 tommy you dad say this be not even the only '' other world ... there be more ... and all this different world be all connect somehow . so that , sometimes what you do in one world ... can affect the other ... you dad be try help they make thing right here so ... so that thing would be right in we world . ( gravely ) already there be part of the Territories that be ruin ... bad - water , air you can not breath ... sick animal and people - all from we world ... ever since you dad and uncle Morgan first come here . jack dad ? tommy it be not he fault . but it happen anyway ... greed and ambition can flip ever just as easy as you and I do . voice ( 0.s. ) what be you two do here ?! Tommy and Jack be take by surprise . Jack especially be shocked to see that the Voice be come from a official look person in a white uniform with a crest ; one serpent enwtine around a pole piercing through a circle .... but what be more shocking , be that Jack know this man ; he i8 the nazi HOTEL clerk from the alhambra inn ... only , over here he face be twisted and mean - as if evil be eat he up from the inside . jack what be you do here ? - official what ! ? Tommy smack Jack 's head , as he pull he up to stand ; jack Le ow ! tommy begin to act out a subservient role ; tommy quiet boy . do not you know when 29 — tommy you be in the presense of a = great man of the republic . i.. I be so sorry . it will not happen again . the child be a idiot by birth . om jack ( insulted ) what ? Tommy smack he on the head again . jack - ow ! official what be you do here ? tommy we have come to pay we respects be all . official the pavillion be on the road . this area be off limit . tommy I be sorry but .. the boy want to see the horse and there be no quieting he . he be about to go into a fit so , instead of disturbing the occasion , I think a quick visit would do no harn . Jack be completely confuse . the official stare at he . clearly he do not recognize he . Jack stare back . : official he do not look like a idiot . jack ( mumble ) Boy could I say something right now . Tommy smack he so hard , he knock he to the ground . tommy =. that 's it for you ! now I have have it . ( to official ) Excuse I most sincerely . I beg you pardon ... Tommy drag Jack off , beat he . the official watch then with a keen eye as they walk off . 30 tommy if I hear one more word out of '' you it 's back into the shack with you with no food and water ... Tommy walk Jack to the Main Road to a safe distance away . tommy be you all right ? jack yeah , for get a severe beat ! what 's the matter with you ?! tommy that 's one of Morgan 's man . believe.me , if he know who you be , he would have do worse . jack uncle Morgan ? tommy no Morgan of orris ... actually , he be you uncle Morgan too , except ... shit ... jack that guy be from the hotel . I know hin . tommy no . you know he twinner . people in we world who have double in this one . jack twinners ? tommy not everybody have they , just some , because there be alot less people in the Territories . most people do not even know they have a twinner . but you dad do ... and so do Morgan . Morgan of orris be the most powerful person in the Territories , outside | of the maia ... he 's she Chief executor . he 's she close ally ... and she worst enemy . that guy in the van back home ... they work for hin . jack where 's dad 's ? 31 tommy he die ... same day as you dad . jack do I have a twinner ? tommy ( almost reverently ) no . there 's only one of you . a procession of people in the same drab one piece uniform file across the pavillion with a band musical accompaninment . - tommy they be all here to pay they respects to the maia ... come on ... Tommy and Jack join the line that lead inside the pavillion . CUT to : int . pavillion - day . a multi-color tent structure . a beautiful woman lie on a etise ) surround by guard , as village people walk by one by g yie to pay they respects . her face be block by the people , but we can tell that she be lie with a blanket over she . the people walk by and bow they head reverently . Jack stand behind Tommy - he eye view block by the height of the adult in front of he . he be three people from the woman when suddenly ; the maia have a cough fit , and we realize that she be sick . when she start cough , Jack stop . the cough strike he as familiar . he watch as the next person move on , revealing the maia 's face . Jack be overwhelm by what he see ; the maia be he mother . Jack almost faint but Tommy catch he and move he along . but as they walk away , camera stays on the maia who catch a glimpse of Jack as he exit . her face register both elation and fear .... she start murmure ; . maia Jason !.. Jason !... Jason ! her upset attract the attention of the Guards who look about they suspiciously . but a lady in wait calm down the maia 32 with a tonic and the guard brush it off as a delirious fit . - cuut to ; ext . pavillion - day . Tommy move Jack along briskly . but Jack be deeply affect . jack what do you call she ? tommy the maia ... it mean " Queen of - Magic " ... but she name be Laura . she be worshipped above everyone else ... and she 's die . she have no idea what 's be go on in she own land , because Morgan be the only one allow to speak with she . he 's be run thing behind she back , lie to she . Jack be begine to understand . jack uncle Morgan 's be after my mom to sign some papers that give he the real estate company he and my dad -... cg roa tommy no !... now listen to I ... no matter what , do not let you mother sign che anything . remember what I say about do something in one world affect the other .. ( Jack nod ) over here , Laura give the land to the people ... see , Laura be the land . they be connect by some kind of magic they believe ... and the people believe that they be here to care for the land because that 's how they honor she ... it 's like they religion . but no one person or family own anything ... it 's collective . and .. since it 's collective , . no one person have the authority to take resource out - resource like silver , copper , gold - even uranium ... see , most of the territory people be farmer ... they do not know to do with gold or uranium . they think it have 33 tommy something to do with the land 's magic = and to take it , be somehow dangerous . but in we world ... there be a use for it . and ... Morgan be steal land and force the people here to mine for he ever since . ( walk ) he leave the shore village alone , because the people understand the value of the salt . but the further inland you get , thing be different ... Morgan 's man run everything - that 's why Morgan arrange for Laura to visit only - shore village where everything look like it 's still intact the further West - it 's a nightmare . Priests like that be either kill or put in prison . and anbody who follow they faith and refuse to hurt the land ... get 's worse ... Tommy look around and see two guard exite the pavillion , whisper to each other and search for someone . tommy we better flip back now . Tommy and Jack hide beneath a railing . qur world ; ext . parking lot ; alhambra inn - day . Tommy and Jack be croutch between two park car in the lot , adjacent to the hotel - far from the beach . jack how do we get so far from the beach ? tommy the Territories be smaller . you walk a mile here , you can cover five time that over there . so you may want . to do most of you travel in the - jack ( frustrated ) wait a minute ? what be I do exactly ? and what do this have to do with Mom ? 34 Tommy stop and give he the last piece of information . co '' tommy because Laura be you mother 's twinner ~ if you can save she , you can save you Mom ... and the one thing that can save Laura - be the talisman .. jack talisman ? what be it - medicine ? tommy no . no one really know what it be . - some think it 's just a fairy tale . but other in the Territories , believe in it like people here believe in a messiah come ... they believe ( prayerfully ) " that a child Prince will come forth , a child bear of flesh and of magic ... ... that he will go from one ocean to the other ... from one alhambra to another ... / and that he will find this talisman / and with it create a new destiny for all . " S ( Jack be thoroughly confuse ) here , you father want I to give you this . he say , in the Territories , it C would make everything clear to you . tommy pull out a black book - the one Jack 's Father be write in the dad he die . Jack take the book reverently and immediately remind of something - it be the same black book he father be writing in the day he die . Jack open the cover . all . the page be blank . but on the inside cover , a note have be written to he by he father ; , phil ( v.0 . ) " when I be a child , I spake as a child , I understand as a child , I think as a child : but when I become a man , I put away childish thing " .... do not be afraid . I love you . dad . Jack begin to cry , jack a I do not understand any of this ! I do not know what the hell you be talk about ! this be nut ! I be suppose to cross a entire country and find some lucky charm no one have ever see ?! I be no child prince ! 35 tommy I do not tell you the entire truth . before . you do have a twinner . jack well where be he ? tommy he be the son of the maia and the King . he be kill . as a infant . he be suffocate . Jack 's head reel . he reach for he asthma inhaler . tommy they kill he because they think they could prevent the prohecy from happen . they think if they kill the King and you father that you would never know who you be and what you be suppose to do . but they do not know you be father take I there . that he prepare I . you dad know what you be go to be up against . I think he even know he be go to die . and when I hear about you mom , I know the time be here . jack but ... what about Mom ?... she will never let I go ... jack then do not tell she . because ~ you have to go , Jack . if you do not she have no chance . ( Jack freeze up ) I know it do not make any sense right now , but it will , I promise . just ... believe it for now ... you can save she Jack ... you can save they both . c.u. as Jack register the danger and hope of he situation . Tommy 's hand be extend , hold the vial of travelling juice . Jack calmly accept it . . CUT to : int . HOTEL room ~ day . c.u. as jack pack a few thing into a small suitcase and 36 close it shut . he step into he mother 's room to find she still in bed . she seem even paler than before . beside she on the nightstand be a open bottle of pill ... and she bag . he carefully open the bag and take half of her money , and put it in she pocket . Jack decide to write she a note ... he pull out some hotel stationary and a pen . his mother cough in she sleep . Jack rise and move to she bedside . he think of the maia in the Territories . he wish she illness would just go away and he would not have to go himself . he pull a blanket from she foot up to she neck . he look at she with such love , he almost cry . the phone ring . jack pick up . intercut ; morgan sloat - a overweight , over - indulgent man with jowl thinning hair , bad skin and beady eye . a man who always look like he sweat in a suit too small for he ... he speak from a car-phone . he act like a benevolent favorite uncle : morgan Jackie my boy ... it 's you uncle Morgan . Jack freeze at the sound of he voice . morgan how ya doin boy ? jack Fine . morgan I just speak to you aunt susie . she have not hear from you uncle Tommy ( feign concern ) yet ? do you know where he be ? jack no. morgan now what have that crazy mother of yours do ? drag you out of school for a early vacation ? jack ( shaky ) I guess . morgan how long be you stay ? Jack start to lose he breath . 37 on the other end , Morgan lose he smile . he sense something . - morgan Jack ... jack be you there ? not know what to do , Jack hang up the phone . Morgan immediately lose he jolly demeanor . he hang up the car phone , pause , then yell at he driver . morgan hurry it up ! he sit back and pull out a candy from he jacket . the candy be a candy mint with a wrapper name fresh breath . CUT back to : int . bedroom 'alhambra inn ; day . a bit shake , Jack start to leave when lily , half - asleep , murmur ; lily Jack ... who be that ? jack nobody .. they uh ... want to know when they can make the room up . he covertly take the phone receiver off the hook . lily oh screw ‘em ... I do not know why I be so tired . go get yourself some lunch ... I will see you later . he raise the blanket on she and kiss she forehead tenderly . jack ( choke up ) . I will see you later . CUT to : int . HOTEL lobby - day . Jack walk through the lobby with he suitcase . the official twinner / HOTEL clerk eye he from behind the desk . Jack be immediately uncomfortable . the clerk eye Jack 's suitcase with some interest . Jack quicken he pace and exit . CuT to : 38 a ext . road - day . Tommy be drive Jack out of town , through arcadia . CUT to : int . car - day . tommy I will drive you as far as I can . mostly you be gonna have to hitch ride ... even walk ... never get yourself up high in one world and then flip - because there might be nothing there in the other . and be careful how much you use that juice . it have to last . Tommy stop when he see out out he rear-view mirror ; intercut ; the black van , behind they , the only other car on the road . tommy oh my God ... cuT to : wide angle ext . road - day . the Black Van gain speed . it bump the rear of Tommy 's car . int . tommy' car - Tommy floor the gas pedal but it 's not enough speed . tommy damn this car .. ext . road - the wild child van speed up alongside and ram the car . int . car Jack 's asthma begin to act up . he reach for he inhaler and the Van pick up speed . Jack be scared and confuse . jack what if Morgan find Mom ? 39 tommy she will have to take care of herself ... the Van smashes the car again . jack what be we go to do ? tommy you be gonna flip . jack ° you mean we be gonna flip . Tommy turn to Jack with a sad expressive smile . Jack panic . jack no ... no ...you ... gotta come with I . tommy they will know you be come soon ... if they think you be dead , that might stall they for a while ... the van start speed ahead of they at a incredible rate . it then spin a U - turn so that it face Tommy 's car and start speed toward a head - on collision ... jack but ... driving , Tommy grab the vial out of Jack 's hand and rub it into he forehead and jack cry : jack please uncle Tommy .. you gotta come with I ! Tommy place the vial back into Jack 's shirt pocket and watch he fade away . the Van get closer ... as Jack fade , Tommy say ; . tommy + it will all get clearer . I promise . \~- j I love you kid ... ss jack nnnooococoecoon00000000000 , ..... Jack watch in horror and he himself disappear . Tommy look at the on-come van ... cuut to : 40 wide -angle - the van smashes head onto into the little GREEN honda , smashing the front entirely and pushing it back , somersaulting over itself down the road . when it hit a sign reading " welcome to arcadia ; funworld of the east " ... , . it explode . the Van sit for a moment to watch the explosion . then , make a u-turn down and drive off . fade to black . ext . territories - day . Jack be tumble , over himself , as if he be self - propel , through a yellow meadow . he finally stop and shake himself together . he look about he and see nothing but mile of field and roll hill in either direction . he cry . . jack uncle Tommy ..... wide angle - a little boy , in the middle of nowhere , alone and frighten . cuut to : ext . territories ; road - day . he take in the beauty of the Territories ; pass roll hill of farmland ... meadow with animal graze . the house he pass be simple wood hut with thatched roof or stone house with wooden roof . the Territories be not a fairyland or a place of '' science fiction . it be a purer land - agriculturally base , no \electricity , where people go to bed when the sun do . look ahead , Jack see a tall tower stand isolate in a field . around the tower he see several bird flying . the sight make he smile for some reason and he continue walk towards it . Pov ; dolly foward , as the tower and the bird get closer , we begin we begin to make out something odd about this bird . back to jack ; he too notice something odd . his interest quicken he pace as he keep he eye on the tower and the bird . suddenly , he stop and he see what he eye cannot believe ; 41 Pov ; a man step out onto a tiny ledge , high up on the tower . quite unexpectedly , the man jump and plummet to the earth . Jack gasp in horror , until , just as unexpectedly ; the man arch he body and begins to fly .... Jack stand in awe . he realize then that , what he think be bird be not at all - the tower be surrounded by flying men ; soar gracefully around it 's peak , diving and turn in perfect unison . he can not believe he eye . he be overcome by the beauty - of the scene . he sink down to the grass and watch in reverence . he pull out the black notebook of he father 's and notice another change . the black book in the Territories have a title . it be call the book of good farming . he open the book ; he turn a page entitle proverbrb , the first page read ; jack make friend with whatever be happening at this moment ... as he read this , a giant shadow loom over he and the page , block out the sun . Jack look up and be so startle by what he see , he drop the book and push himself away ; wolf ( 0.s. ) you stranger here , right ? wolf wolf can tell !... I can tell right here and now ! hahah ! Jack try to make out this tower figure who start laugh ; wolf ; stand over six foot tall with huge bulg muscle busting through a pair of bib overall that look too small . his huge bare foot be cover with puft of hair as be he giant hand . Long black hair hang shaggy down he back to he shoulderblade . he have a big friendly face and wide expressive eye , and a bellow voice ... wolf you a stranger here , right ? ( Jack nod . Wolf laugh ) haha ... Wolf right . I can smell it . smell not so bad but different . I can smell it on you ... wolf ! ( extend he hand ) shakin hand right here and now ! 42 Jack gingerly extend he hand and Wolf begin to shake it so hard , Jack 's entire body bounce . wolf good Old Wolf ... that 's I ... wolf ! jack ( remember the proverb ) Jack ... Nice to meet ya ... wolf Nice to meet you too , God pound it ! ( suddenly distract 0.s. ) - hey !!.. hey !!... get back there !... Jack be jolted again by Wolf voice and strength . he watch Wolf sprint over to a herd of sheep or rather cow - sheep , the Territories half breed equivalent . he watch as Wolf use he great strength to grab a errant cow - sheep and pick he up to carry he on he back ... he smile at Jack as he work .. wolf get to watch they all the time ! ( proudly ) that 's my job ... protect the herd . wolf ! Jack take this as a exit opportunity ; jack well then I will just be get go . I do not want to interrupt you uh ... ya know .. protect and all ... wolf oh no no ... Wolf run back to Jack as such a powerful speed , Jack almost start run away but then think better of it . wolf be you head for market ? - jack ( strike he interest ) there 's a market near here ? wolf sure ! you come with Wolf . I take you ... Wolf hungry . need some meat ... I can smell it ... mmm , smell good ! | fearing himself as lunch , Jack try to resist ! 43 . jack well maybe not , I will just ... but Wolf have already grab Jack 's hand playfully and be pull he toward the herd . Jack follow like a limp rag doll . jack well o.k... if you insist ... this be fine ... Jack go with Wolf ...0. k... CUT to : ext . marketplace - day . walk past the pavillion , Jack move amidst a huge crowd in a OPEN market , teaming with activity . roasted meat hang from every stall , trader sell beautifully woven basket and blanket , leather dealer sell sack and shoe in every size ... Children run in and out of the stall play as they parent do attend to business . meanwhile , wolf be in the field behind the stall , talk with a merchant about he herd . Inside the mainflow of the market , Jack decide to lose himself to get away from Wolf . he cross to the man sell blanket . jack I would like a blanket please ... something in cotton though , wool irritate my skin . the blanket man stare at he suspiciously . then ; man you get money ? ( Jack nod ) let I see . Jack reach into he pocket and , much to he surprise , pull out a bunch of jointed stick instead of dollar bill . jack I ... I do not what happen .. I have a whole ... but the man be not listen . he 's pull down a blanket and hand it to Jack . Jack be thoroughly confuse . man ( expect payment ) well ! 44 Jack be freeze , not know what to do . the man impatiently reach over and break one stack of stick in half , pockete the piece .... man thank you . jack ( stunne this work ) thank you . he walk off with he blanket , stare at he bunch of stick . he stop by a-stall selling map and stare intently on a map of the territories - which look like a shrunken scale of the U.S. he study it carefully and be about to buy one when ; several pale , milky white face men on white horse in white suit with white snake cane attach to they belt , thunder into the marketplace . on they uniform , be the snake crest . there be clearly a leader , flanke by four youths ; Young boy who resemble nazi hitler youths . Jack be frighten . he duck so as not to be see , but watch the action through the stall . one of the nazi youths almost run over a middle aged woman with he horse . the woman fall to ground and a book fall out of she bag . the uniform youth see this and call : uninformed youth osmond ! osmond be the leader who respond by signal the other to halt as they form a circle around the woman . there be a immediate danger in the air . osmond dismount he horse and pick up the book - the book of good farming . his manner be mean , sadistic , fascistic ; osmond what be this , woman ? the woman be speechless , pale with fear . osmond . do not you know this book of Magic be forbidden ! expressly forbidden by Morgan of orris himself ! on Morgan 's name , Jack express confusion and interest . the Book of good farming peek out of he back pocket . he push 45 it deep inside he pants . . woman please . dear osmond ... on my life . on the life of my child , I mean no harm .. I ... I be merely carry it for a friend whom I scold severely for even - osmond enough ! ( she stop . he speak . to the crowd ) how many more of you be keep - this book ? answer I ! ( no one answer ) I will have you know , Morgan be on he way this very moment . it would please he , I know , to retrieve as many of this crimminal text as possible . he eye he man . the people of the market eye each other - know all too well what be come . osmond would anyone care to come forward and offer the name or name of anyone whom , to they knowledge , possese this book ? mmmm ? the people look frighten and on the brink of turn each other in .. then osmond mount he horse and raise he cane . the cane transform into a jagged sword of brillant steel and before anyone can blink , he plunge the sword into the woman . people scream out ! Jack be sick with fear and disgust . osmond search the marketplace ! at once , all the other uniform man begin to tear apart the marketplace in search of other copy of the book . people be trample and beat as the man relish the opportunity to destroy . Jack see a forest which begin at the end of the markplace . he run behind the stall toward it . as osmond oversee the destruction , he notice the figure of jack move behind each stall . he ride he horse 0.s . CUT to : ext . end of marketplace / begining of forest ; day . 46 Jack have almost safely reach the forest when osmond appear in front of he , rear he horse . jack fall to the ground . when he looks_up to osmond , osmond seem to recognize he . osmond who be you !? what be you name !? Jack try to speak but be too frighten . suddenly , osmond also look frighten as he say ; osmond Jason ? the fear turn to FURY , as he reach for he sword . Jack act on pure instinct , grab a handful of dirt and throws it in the horse's eye . the horse rear up , shaking he head and tossing it's body - jack take this opportunity to run into the forest . osmond' horse fling osmond off it's back . osmond fall hard against a stone , injure he shoulder . he cry out in pain . cuT to : ext . forest - day . Jack be run and cry , in shock from what he just see . he stop by a group of tree to catch he breath . ahead of he , he see a stone bridge connect to the road . safely shield by the tree , he begin to run for the bridge . a rumbling like thunder begin , slowly , eerily - as if from a great distance , but increase in volume with each second . suddenly , the light of the day begins to dim . a darkness begin to fall over the forest as the rumbling get louder and louder ... Jack be petrify . the rumbling be almost upon he - it be deafen in it 's intensity . Jack cover he ear and kneel beside a tree , search through he pocket for the vial . he look up to discover the source of this nightmarish roar ; in slo - mo - through Jack 's Pov - camera angle on a beautiful black diligence move through the forest on the main road , head for the bridge . as it come closer , we and Jack can see that , the man drive the diligence be none other than morgan of orris . although the face be the same as " uncle " Morgan , the similarity end there . this Morgan be sleek and muscular , with long black hair that fly in the wind ; a sculpt face and jaw and eye like black pearl . he wear a revealing black one piece with a black cape . upon he diligence 47 be a giant insignia of the snake on the pole through the circle . as he drive by , Morgan smell something in the air . it be Jack . we see this awareness cross he face like a veil ... he - slow down the horse on top of the bridge . he look out into the wood . suddenly , he bellow ; morgan jason ! ! so startle be Jack , that he drop the vial and liquid begin to pour out . he quickkly retrieve it and apply some to he finger . morgan jassssoooooonnnnnnn ! Jack quickly raise he finger - tip of liquid to he temple , close he eye .... and flip back to our world . CUT to : ext . our world ; the oatley tunnel - twilight . Jack open he eye . he be in the middle of a road , face a dark tunnel suddenly ; two light come beaming down on he . a black limosine stretch shoot out of the tunnel , bear down on he . Jack jump into the shoulder of the highway , roll into the tree . CUT to : int . limosine - night . camera pan to backseat , carry " uncle morgan sloat " . he turn he head to look out the window as if some feel suddenly strike he . but , see nothing , he turn he attention back inside . he sit fiddling with something in he hand ; it be a little tin key on the end of a key chain that he keep turn over in he hand CUT to : ext . oatley inn - night . a heavy downpour have begin . the neon sign of the oately Inn stand isolate alongside the dark , barren highway . a bus stop be situate right next door . 48 CUT to : int . oatley inn - night . Jack stand shiver before the front desk as he register . a suspicious female innkeeper ask ; innkeeper you have money ? Jack nod and take out he wad of bill to show she . this make she even more suspicious . innkeeper - where do you get all this money ? jack uh..my .. mother make I keep it for we ... she do not trust she purse . ya know - pickpocket and stuff . innkeeper you say she 's on she way ? jack yeah , she have to stay with my aunt tonight - make sure she take she medicine and stuff ... I have to buy the ticket . she will be back before the bus leave . the innkeeper nod resignedly . Jack ask innocently ; jack do you have room service ? she hand he a take - out menu from a all night pizzeria . Jack feel like a idiot . father ( 0.s. ) o.k. kid ... come on . we get everything !? Jack be distract by a family leave the motel . they consist of a mother , a father , a ten year old girl and a boy around Jack 's age . the Boy be whining . the mother be try to reprimand he to stop . the little girl be look back at Jack . jack watch with longing - to be a part of a simple family with simple family problem ... he feel terribly lonely . CUT to : int . alhambra inn HOTEL room - night . 49 of lily smoking a cigarette . she pick up the phone . camera stays in tight c.u. as she speak ; intercut jack , lily yes ? operator I have a collect call from Jack . do you - lily yes yes yes ... get off the line ! jack ! Jack be you there . in he motel room ; jack hi mon . lily ( angry ) hi Mom ?.. be that all ? Jesus ! where the hell be you ? jack I ... I can not really say ... I I think I be someplace in New York call oatley . lily oatley !... where be the hell be oatley ! Jack , I swear to Christ , if you do not get back here ... jack mom. Mom . I can not please ... just listen to I a second . I ... lily ( talk over he ) Jack I mean it .. if you -... Jack respond forcefully - with great conviction and maturity ; jack I can 't !. now listen to I !. ( lily respond by listen ) you just have to trust I . I ... I have a errand to run . lily a errand ? what kind of errand ? 50 cc jack ( search for the right word ) - a errand dad leave for I to do . this stop lily and completely change she approach . lily ( softer ) you dad ?... what do you mean ? jack listen . I do not know what you know or do not know . but you live - with the guy almost ten year . do not you ever wonder ? do not you ... ever walk into a room think he be there and he be not ? and then he be !? ( lily listen ) or...or ... talk to he about why he never trust uncle Morgan ? lily ( disturb by this ) I do not know what you be talk about kid ... all I know be I want you - jack ( cut she off ) I think you do know . I think somewhere down deep you do know . you have not call the police , have you ? lily well I .... I be ... ya know , I be wait for that 24 hour thing ... jack Mom ?.... I love you . and I be fine . I just want to make sure you be 0.k. lily I be fine . really . I be just worried about you . jack I be 0.k. have Morgan be around ? lily suddenly look very nervous . lily yeah . why do you ask ? 51 jack you do not sign anything do you ? lily no.. no ... I ... she start cough . this kill Jack .. jack Mom be you o.k .? mom .... mom be you 0.k.? morgan ( 0.s . ) - no Jackie , she 's not . Jack be paralyze with fear , hearing morgan' voice speak from the other end ; jack what be you do there ? Morgan speak in the phone by the bed while lily sip some water from the bathroom sink in the b.g . morgan I be look after you mom , which be what you should be do ... ~ Jack do not know what to say . Morgan whisper threateningly ; morgan I do not know what you uncle Tommy tell you ... but if it have anything to do with that talisman nonsense , well , kid , I gotta tell ya - you have ( laugh ) be take but good . it 's just some eld legend . you be waste you time ... you should come back home Jackie . jack just you ... stay away from my moth - morgan cut he off , speak more barely , threateningly ; morgan . now you listen to I , you little bastard ! just get you ass back home before we come to take you back ourselves . like we do you uncle Tommy . click . dial tone . Jack place the phone back with a shaky hand . of 52 int . jack rqom - night . camera pan the open door of a steamy bathroom , use towel on the floor , Jack 's wet clothes drying on the bed , he wad of bill sit on the nighttable , and a a open pizza box ... all the while , 0.s. , we hear the tv News broadcasting ; tv ( 0.s. ) on the political scene , independent presidential hopeful Dennis tully have deny charge he be still active - within the kkk . tully , as earlier report , be a clan member from 1967 - 1985 . ( report continue ..... ) by the point the camera angle on Jack , eat a pizza slice and go over a map of the unite States . he compare it with a self - draw map of the Territories . by trace one over the other , Jack locate the Territories parallel state to oately , which he have mark as upstate New York ... he be impressed with the distance . he open he father 's black notebook and leaf through the page . as he flip from the back end , we see that all the page be blank ... he finally reach a page that be half - fill and read ; jack " and the forest rumble like lighten have replace every tree . Morgan of orris storm he diligence " ( Jack stop ) this be weird ... ( then continue ) " know the Prince be near . the Prince , hide by the maia of the forest , travel over . he stand before a tunnel and ... " ( skim the last line and read ) " the Prince find safe shelter for the night at the inn . " he flip to previous page and see that all the page be now filled with writing . he read ; jack and there he see the fly man ... ( turn page back ) and the Wolf spake good tiding and protection of ... ( turn page ) 53 jack : and the Prince 's brother do say , -~ " I send thee to thy task with all my love " ... and when the Prince do journey over , there and then do the King 's brother give he life with all he heart . Jack 's face go white . the book seem to be recording by itself the event have they happen to Jack . he reach for he inhaler . cuT to : int . oatley inn ; office - night . the innkeeper be watch the same tv broadcast while at the same time , she be on the phone to the police ; innkeeper yeah well .. it do not look right . I think he 's a damn runaway myself ... yeah ... well , if she be not here by midnight , I be call you guy back - and you come get he , you hear I . cuT to : int . jack room - later that night . Jack be fast asleep on the map . he mother' voice awaken he : lily ( 0.s. ) sweetheart ... sweetheart ... you have get to get out of here ... a eerie soundtrack accompany she voice . Jack stir in he sleep . jack Mom ...? lily ( 0.s. ) hurry there 's no time ... Francis be already on he way up ... quickly ! he suddenly wake up with a jolt . jack mom ! he face the tv , which be play one of lily old movie . she in the midst of waking she lover and hurry he out . 54 Jack watch the scene with great long . - lover ( on tv ) how do they find we ? lily ( on tv ) oh I be sure that creep Cynthia warton spill she gut ... she spill everything else ... hurry up .. I hear a car ... suddenly , there be a banging on the door in the movie . Jack turn back to the tv . - lover ( 0.s. ) oh-oh ... what now ? at beat later , there be a loud banging on jack door . Jack be startle . 0.s. a policeman call : policeman ( 0.s. ) Son , open the door . I be a police officer . I would like to talk to you for a second ... Jack panic . he watch the lover on tv move to the window ; Jack move to the window and try to open it , but it be paint shut . lily ( on tv ) no , they car be right outside . jed be propably sit right out there ... lover ( on tv ) well what I be go to ... banging on the tv door ... banging on jack door . policeman ( 0.s. ) Son , I will not ask again .. open the door . franitc , Jack grab he inhaler , take several big hit of air . innkeeper ( 0.s. ) wait , let I get the key ... Jack freeze . he do not know what to do . lily 's voice grab he attention . lily ( 0.8 . ) I get a idea ... in the scene , lily pick up a vase and fling through a window . 55 Jack watch .... '' cuT to : ext . jack room - night . the innkeeper approach with a key . the policeman step aside . she put it in the lock just as : a crash of glass be heard from inside jack room ; innkeeper that will little bastard , I will kill he .... she unlock the door and they barge into the room to discover ; the window break clean through with a chair that lie on it 's side . Jack be nowhere to be find .. the policeman look out the window . policeman must be in the parking lot . do not worry , we will get he ... the innkeeper look about the messy room in anger . she notice the wad of money on the dresser and slip it into her pocket as she exit . camera stay on the empty room , move slowly into the bed . Jack pop he head out to make sure the coast be clear ... he notice that on tv - the lover be poke he head out from under the bed as well . he then scramble out of the room . Jack gather he thing . he sees he money be gone . just then , he hear the innkeeper return to the room . he quickly and quietly scamper out of the room .... CUT to : int . oatley inn - night . the innkeeper pass by the front desk with a broom , head back to Jack 's room . once she be 0.s. , Jack poke shis head out from behind the desk . he start quickly check drawer for money . he find a tin box with no more than fifteen dollar and change . but it 's better than nothing so he take it . cur to : ext . oately inn ; backside - night . s56 with the police car park in front , in clear view , Jack make he way through the wood behind the inn . the rain have stop , but everything be wet and slippery . he run through the tree only to ; fall down a ditch , that lead to a stream ... it be use by the innkeeper as a garbage dump . Jack careen down the slippery leave and branch until he fall into a heap of garbage that the innkeeper throw out . it stink . disgust , Jack fling the garbage off of he . he look up from he ditch to the ridge and see the illumination of several flashlight beam . he crawl carefully back up the hill to take a look at what be go on ; ext . roadside in front of oatley inn - night . Jack peer over the hill , conceal by tree and debris , to see ; the Police be search with light , exchange information , as the innkeeper stand by the front door in she housecoat . everything appear pretty normal until a black van drive up to the Inn and be approach by police . the van have wild child write on the side . the Police go up to the window of the van . the window roll down and they talk to the driver . Jack keep take hit on the inhaler as he watch ... the innkeeper bring out some of Jack 's belonging that be leave behind , as if the passeneger of the Black Van have some authority to inspect . at this point , Jack drop he inhaler down the hill . it fall through the air and hit a tin can , make a deafen noise . everyone at the van freeze .... the police race toward the hill with the flashlight ... look down the ditch , they turn and say ; policeman ( 0.s. ) no.. false alarm ... he's not here . CUT to : the ditch ; the light of a flashlight cover the area but it be empty . jack have flipped over . all that be leave , be jack inhaler . cuT to : dream Pov camera as if move dreamily into jack father' study ; as if Jack be five year old again . replaying that scene , 57 the camera angle on the room through the small boy 's eye view . he see he father 's back turn to he as he father write in the book . he look at the photo on the wall and the book on the bookcase . he turn to the father and begin to track in and over the father 's shoulder to see what he be write . but just as the camera be about to focus on the page we ; cuT to : territories ext . forest near a stream - morning . exhausted , Jack have fall asleep in the forest , spend the night beneath -a giant tree - use the map as a blanket and the Book of good farming as a pillow . he be asleep on the bank of a clear , clean stream that run parallel to the forest . a cow - sheep , begin lick Jack 's face .... Jack smile himself awake but lose he smile once he be face to face with it . wolf ( 0.s. ) god' nail ! get away from he ! got no sense ! get away from he fore I bite you GOD pounding ear off ... Jack be jolted upright by the sound of that familar roar ; it be wolf ... crossing the stream to Jack with a big smile on he big face . on the other bank , he herd of cow - sheep be drink daintily . behind they , be a wide open field . Wolf tower above Jack , block out the sun . wolf Stranger aintcha - we meet before God pound it ... wolf.. good old Wolf right here and now . I remember ! he grab Jack 's hand and shake it like he be pump a slot machine . Jack 's entire body shake along with it . wolf you far from where I last see ya ... jack I ... I get lose . wolf sure . I know that . I could smell it on ya ... I could smell . ( he sniff the garbage ) oooco ... you be on the other 58 wolf side , have not you ? - ( Jack nod ) you need a bath God pound it ... here J. help ! he pick Jack up like a bag of grocery . Jack protest . jack no no ... really that 's all right . I shower last night . I ... wold dump he in the stream . Jack sink for a moment and then resurface , panting for air . wolf you can breath 0.k.? Jack try to catch he breath and find that he can . jack ( sarcastic ) yes thank you ! Wolf pick up the cow -sheep and walk he across the strean . wolf I get to bring this one back . they not strong enough to swim both way . you clean off you bad smell and I come back , 0.k ? he swim the animal back on he shoulder , pass Jack , who be not too excited about be join for a bath . jack take you time . he look around he . it 's absolutely beautiful - the yellow of the open field , the blue of the sky , the fresh breeze through the forest tree ..... jack wow . he wash he face and body . ext . field - day . Jack walk with Wolf as the latter care for he herd , as he look through the book of good farming . co - jack do you know about the talisman Wolf ? wolf oh sure , yes , everybody who believe in the maia believe in the talisman . jack read from the book ; jack " , .. it be during the great initiaion - that the Prince child be visit in a dream by the spirit of he father . ( Jack stop ) and the King give the filius regis " ( aside ) whatever that mean ... ( read ) " , .. three word which would guide he to the talisman ; and with this , the Prince know where he might find the mighty and divine power . " ( stop read ) yeah well I do not know ! what three word !? ( flip through ) . say , '' after twenty day in the sunlight of the blasted land , the Prince go forth unto alhambra and find what indeed he have be in search of . and a new destiny he write " . ( stop read ) what 's the blasted land . wolf oh no ! you do not wanna do that ! no sir ! oh. bad .. that further West . '' ( motion further West ) no sun from what I hear ... Sky be black I hear . people all sick . Men force people to take rock eut of ground . my jack mining . wolf Wolf do not go out there . bad for herd . jack return to the book , flippin page and skim : 60 Jack stop , as jack do not say what it be or where he find it . damn . this thing read like one of ny book report - alot of information that tell you nothing . shit ! wolf how be phil do this day ? how be you dad phil ? if the wind be knock out of he . Wolf 's expression change from that of childish curiosity to sorrow . wolf he 's dead , be not he ? wolf ! I be sorry Jack . God pound I ! I be stupid ! stupid ! jack no ... wait a minute .. how do you know about my father ? wolf I can smell he on you . he talk about you all the time . he be a good man . good man . jack how do you know he die ? wolf you smell change when I ask about he . he come with the other one . the one from orris . I be just little . the other one be bad . 's the other one steal some of we . bring they over to you world . that 's a bad thing for a wolf . he get bad mind . do bad thing . you father do not know . wolf ! no . he be good , you father phil . the other one . he shook he head slowly . his expression be that of a child remember a nightmare . wolf Le bad . he make himself a place in this world , my father say . mostly he be in he twinner but he be from you world . we know he be bad but who listen to wolf ? you father know he be bad 61 wolf but he could not smell he as good as om = we could ... he know he be bad '' but not how bad . ( then proudly ) he give I this overall , he do ! oshkosh - by-gosh ! I wear them all the time ... he ( yell up ahead ) hey you.. GOD pound it.. get back there .. he run after a errant cow -sheep . Jack try to absorb all the new information . he run after Wolf , who coax the cow - sheep back to the fold . jack be this yours ? wolf hahahaha ... no.. they her cattle . jack her ? you mean the ... you mean Laura ? wolf ( nod ) yes . May she never never die . co he awkwardly bend forward touch he right hand to he head . a Jack refrain from laugh . | wolf all the cattle belong to she . all the cattle on all the land and under all the sky above . but the cattle ... thats the wolf ( proudly ) job . I and mine have be look after they since begine of it all ... say so in Book of good farming . ( Jack read for the passage ) I can not read ... but I know that 's what it say ! wolf ! Wolf guide the herd back to the water for another drink . Jack sit down by the stream and flip through page , until ; jack here it be .. '' and the Wolf shall protect the lamb ... it shall protect the herd until the time of the change . 62 jack during the time of the change =. it must . flee to protect the herd . for be it know that any Wolf who eat of the herd must be put to death . " what 's : the time of change " ? wolf ( ushering the animal to the water ) that 's when the Moon fill up and get round . we change ... back into we animal selve and go out to eat for three day ... we do not > go near the herd though when we change . wolf ! no sir ! when have place to go when the moon be fill up . so do the herd . they be stupid but they know have to go away at the time of the big moon . jack ( cautiously ask ) you mean ... you be sort of ... like ... a werewolf ? wolf ( big smile ) yep ! that be me.. God pound it ! hahaha ... Jack suddenly feel strange about he new friend . jack but ... if you do not eat the herd , what do you eat ? wolf we eat well . this worry Jack . Wolf say no more on the subject . Jack do not ask . wolf I wish I could read from the good Book .... maybe you teach I , huh ? Jack nod as he inch away a bit . he decide to remind he ; jack I be ... I be glad you like my dad . wolf I do ! I do ! wolf ! wolf ! 63 Wolf stop . his expression be strange - suddenly anxious . - jack what 's wrong ? wol ~ ...? wolf ssshhhh . then Jack hear what Wolf 's sensitive ear hear first . the cattle look around and begin to move away from the source of the sound in a rough , uneasy clot . it sound like a radio SOUND effect - someone rip a4 bedsheet down the middle very slowly . only the volume keep go up and up until Jack think he be go crazy . Wolf leap to the herd who be begine to stumble and fall into the stream and get mire in reed and muddy - marsh . one cow - sheep have already tip over and he baa-baaing for help as it slowly drown ... wolf my herd !!! jack wolf ! Jack scream but Wolf can not hear he , as he see with amazement ; something be happening to the AIR . a patch of it , about three feet off the ground , be rippling and blistering , seeming to twist and pull at itself - pull the air like a open wound . something , someone , be coming through from the other side . Jack begin to run down the hill to Wolf ... wolf be down on he knee in the stream struggle to lift the panicked animal out . the first one float limped and mangle lazily down river . wolf get up ! get up GOD pound you ! wolf ! Jack join he in the strean . jack . Wolf , something come .. we have gotta - wolf my herd ! jack ... my herd !... a clap of thunder shake the earth . this cause the rest of the 64 herd to back up into the water . Wolf rage as he try to prevent they from go in - pull at they neck , push at they bottom . jack.se he must help Wolf to get he to come along . and all the while , the ripping SOUND get louder and louder ... Jack fall face foward into the muddy stream as he try to lift one of the sheep . the animal break loose from he and throw he off - balance again when he hear a voice bellowing over the ripping SOUND . it be the voice of morgan sloat . morgan jack !..... jaaaack ! another thunder clap . Jack look to the rippling air and begin to see through it ... as if through ripply badly make glass ... he can actually see through to the other side - to he world . he see Morgan 's limosine park behind a gas station . he see Morgan himself walk toward the rip seam of air ... Jack shudder - both in fear and fascination as ; morgan step through the hole between the two universe ; his face swim and rippling as if make of limp plastic . he be clutching something around he neck - a small slivery object . as he step through , he undergoe a transformation from morgan sloat to morgan of orris - the droopy jowl thin , the thinning hair grow long , the face get taunt and muscular , the needy , self - delude eye burn with pure concentrate power and evil , the cold weather parka change into the black cloak and hood ... and the small slivery object , turn into a long rod tipped with FIRE ... a lightening rod . jack oh my God . morgan jitjaaaaaasssoooonnnnnn ! Jack stumble back into the water . he see Wolf 's head go under , both hand wave , as the herd trample over hin . Jack begin to search he clothes for the bottle of travelling liquid . a Morgan point the red and blue FIRE shoot out over Jack 's shoulder , sizzling the material of he clothes . it strike one of the cow - sheep dead . wolf nooocoo !! 65 Jack try to keep Wolf 's head above water ; Wolf 's eye be glaze and water be stream from he ear and nose . his lip be turn blue . morgan fire again ... this time hit a tree on the bank . the tree fall directly above Jack and Wolf in the water - but Jack manage to pull Wolf under water and swim away from the trunk before it hit . they bob up to the surface in the midst of some weed , hide from the top of the hill which slope down from the meadow to the stream . Morgan can no - longer see they from he vantage point and gallop towards the stream ... Jack be try to pull out he vial with one hand as he hold on to wolf with the other ; wolf my herd ! they 're dying ! jack hold on Wolf !... just hold on to I !. Morgan stand at the top of the slope . morgan jason ! Jack and Wolf look up to the tower black figure ... at the same time that Jack 's hand find the vial . morgan i'll teach you to get in my way . you little bastard ! morgan point he rod to the stream and sets it on FIRE . the herd scream in fear and pain ... wolf scream for they . Morgan touch the ground with he rod and set the hill leading down the stream on FIRE ... Jack and Wolf be catch between two fire move in on then . Jack tip the vial and manage to coat he . finger . but Wolf - continue to break free to save he herd - knock the vial of remaining fluid out of jack hand and into the river of FIRE . jack nnoooo !!! 66 but it 's too late . the fire be move in . Jack grab hold of Wolf 's neck with all he might and touch he finger to he forehead !. Morgan see this and be even more enraged ! he scream and point the rod at the spot where the two be flipping and incinerate it instantly . CUT to : our world ext . highway - day . Jack and Wolf - roll over onto a highway divider . Wolf be scream . he and Jack can still feel and smell fire . they look over to ; a two truck head - on collision . Morgan 's magic in the Territories result in a car crash in ours . the truck burn beneath a overpass , upon which a train run on a railway . the train be head for the overpass that lead to a bridge over a muddy stream beside the highway . Jack decide to head for the train ; jack come on ! hurry .... he grab the scream Wolf , pull he to he foot and run across the jamme highway to the other side ... and hurry up to the overpass to catch the on-come train .... ext . railway on overpass - day . Jack pull Wolf towards the track . but Wolf , out of he element , be terrify - he pull back to resist . jack quit it ! it's just a train ! we gotta get out of here ! wolf wolf don't like this ... don 't like it !.. wolf ! the train begin pass by . Jack make a move for it , but Wolf 's pull at he hand . wolf no.. jack don't leave wolf ! please ... don't leave wolf ! 67 suddenly this great big creature be plead for Jack 's protection . Jack act sternly ; - jack well then come on or I will leave you ! once again they begin to hear the ripping SOUND , as morgan tries to re-enter our world . Wolf look at Jack , then at the train , then back at Jack . suddenly , he pick jack up , throws he over he shoulder and run for the train like a linebacker .... Jack yell ; jack grab onto it ... wolf run alongside the train looking for something to grab . he find a narrow steel pipe that lead to the roof and seize it , fling he body and Jack 's onto the side of the train ... then , with incredible strength , he hoist Jack above he head with he free hand , allow Jack to clasp on and the two climb up the pipe to the roof of the train ... CUT to : ext . top of train - day . Jack and Wolf be wet and cold as the train speed along . but Wolf be shiver more from fear . Jack notice that Wolf have change a bit , in we world . he be still wear the bib - overall but instead of a homespun canvas shirt underneath , he wear a blue chambray , on he foot which once be bare , be sneaker with no sock . and on he face , a pair of round steel rimmed spectacle - the kind John Lennon use to wear . jack Wolf ... do you have trouble see in the Territories ? wolf I do not know I do . I see better with this glass eye ... he look around at the factory line horizon . he say sadly : wolf better than I want to . he lower he head . Jack feel badly for get he involved . he move over to Wolf and put he arm around hin . 68 of jack it 's 0.k. Wolf ... Wolf lower he head to Jack 's shoulder . wolf when can we go back Jack ? jack do you know how to flip Wolf ? ( Wolf shake he head ) then I do not know . - wolf please do not leave Wolf ... I do not like it here . bad smell . please do not leave Wolf here . jack I will not .... I promise ... CUT to : ext . ohio border - day . the train zoom past a sign ; welcome to ohio .... CUT to : ext . train station - day . Jack be buy candy bar and soda - use what little money he have very sparingly . he see a newspaper and decide to buy one . the headline read ; ex-kkk member dennis tully win lousiana pre primary . Jack feel a chill run down he back . the train begin to leave the station . as it gain speed , Jack rush towards the end of it where wolf be hold on to a railing with he arm extend . just as the train be out of the station , wolf lift jack up with one hand and jack grab hold of the train . CuT to : ext . top of train - middle of the night . Wolf be asleep , curdle up next to Jack . ' they lay on top of the newspaper . Wolf hold onto Jack 's little arm very sweetly . the train pull into a station and the slow down awaken Jack . Wolf stir but remain sleep . Jack crawl to the edge to see ; some mail truck loading package onto the train . 69 - feeling at ease , Jack return to he spot beside Wolf . as he lay back down , he look up to the sky . the moon be waxing .... get fuller . move towards a full moon . Jack panic inside . he carefully move away from Wolf , take the newspaper with he . he begin to search through the papers with the help of the station 's night light . he find the weather page and read ; angle on weather page ; beside a list of date be diagram of the shape of the moon . Jack 's finger skim up to the full moon diagram then scan to the date oct . - 30 . he then look to the top of the page to see yesterday 's date - the day he buy the paper ... it read oct 27 . Jack have only two more day before Wolf begin he change . as the train move out of the station , Jack remain apart from Wolf .... and awake . CUT to : ext . arcanum train station - day . a sign state last exit in ohio ... state line 15 mile .. Jack be once again buy some provision on the platforn . the train begin to move out of the station and Jack start to run for it ... but a station man suddenly appear block he way . station man where do you you think you be go ? the train be gain speed . Jack be frighten he will not make it . jack I ...i. - have ...uh ... station man you have to what !? this be not no passenger train ! come on ! jack no ! ! please ... he grab Jack and start to pull he away . Jack fight with hin . jack : no please you have gotta let I go ! my friend 's on the train !... 70 he pick Jack off the ground and bearhug hin . - station master «.- well we will just call ahead and they '*. 1 be he up at the next station ... ( jack bite he ) ow .... litte bastard . the station master fling Jack like a potato sack against the door of the station , momentarily knock the wind of he . the station master bend down to pick he up when ; wolf giant hand enter the frame and grab hold of he shoulder . - wolf nobody hurt jack ! station master what the ..? he turn to face Wolf but never make it . wolf pick he up and fling he down the platform he start walk toward the man like he could kill he .... wolf God pound it . nobody hurt Jack ! he grab the station master by the throat with a mad gleem in he eye . jack wolf no .. stop it ! let go !... I say let go ! Wolf drop the station master . voice ( 0.s. ) hey !.... what the hell go on ! Wolf and Jack look up and see two other men at the other end of the station who begin to run towards they . Jack grab Wolf 's hand . . jack come on ! and they run .... jump off the backend of . the station and head through the field . but the two man be fast . they keep gain ground . Jack 's leg be not nearly as develop . jack I can not Wolf ... I can not run ... 71 wolf scoops jack up , pi.ace he on he back and take off . wide angle ; _ a field . wolf run like a four legge animal with he two human leg ... gain such speed and distance that the two men in pursuit slowly fade 0.s...... cuT to : ext . interstate - day . Jack and Wolf be hitchhike , although Wolf seem not to like the idea . they stand beside the sign welcome to indiana .... Cars and fourwheeler truck pass they by as the day move on . later that day . finally , a old ford truck slow down and Jack run to the passenger door . Wolf follow reluctantly behind . a man with a sickly , ashen expression be behind the wheel . Jack 's face register something not right about the man , but he smile in spite of it . man how far you go ? jack Far as you can take we . man look they over a moment . Wolf stare at the man intently . man hop in . jack thanks . Jack get in first . but Wolf remain still . jack come on Wolf ... get in . Wolf slowly shake he head as he eye stare at the floor . jack Wolf ! get in or I be leave you here ! Wolf look up at he with such a hurt expression , Jack feel awful . he change he tone . 72 cc Jack step out Wolf angrily ; jack : Wolf please ... we do not have much time . Wolf shake he head . finally the man say angrily . man all right get out ... out ... I do not have time for this . go on !... of the cab and the truck take off . he turn to jack - that be the first truck who stop Jack stare at all day . it 's late . it 's go be night soon ... wolf I could not get in there . jack why not !? wolf he be die . he , the anger drain away . wolf do not you know ? could not you smell it ? ( Jack shake he head ) it 's the worst smell . when people forget to be healthy . we call it the Black Disease . it eat you up bit by bit from the inside . jack ( consider this , he add ) we call it cancer . Jack , remember he mom , start to get sad and hopeless . wolf I do not know if I can hitch . i'11 try again if you want but .. the smell inside ... it 's bad enough out here but inside ... Jack start walk away from Wolf , in a daze - like part of he be surrender to the futility of it all . Wolf worry . 73 wolf do not leave I Jack .. please . . you will not leave I here will you - jack i'm not leaving you , so just shut - up about that ... Wolf be startle by Jack 's frustrated anger . wolf I be sorry . I be not good , God pound I . please do not hate Wolf ... I can be - a good old wolf ... jack ( feel badly ) I do not hate you .. come on .. he pat Wolf on the side . Wolf be so happy he pick Jack up and swing he onto he back . wolf jack like wolf ! I know ... jack wolf ! relax ! wolf come on ! we go far ... I can run far with you on my back .. he pick Jack up and adjust he on he back ... Jack look down at wolf hand as they adjust Jack 's leg around he neck none ... he look up to the sky and see the sun begin to set ... CUT to : ext . wide OPEN field - night . the two have campe in the ruin of a burn out house with a field on one side and a copse of wood on the other . CuT to : int . burned out house - night . Jack sit on what once be a kitchen floor , try to get warn . he be shiver and cough . he be sick . he look worried as he glance up to the moon which be grow fuller . a wolf howl be heard and Jack freeze with fright ... he hear a creak in the other roon . 74 jack Wolf be that you ? no answer . he slowly move toward the room , dread what he might find . he stand in the break doorway and call . jack Wolf ? be you .... a growling be heard in the dark of the room ... Jack be paralyze . he hear the source of the growl come toward hin .. jack find the strength to turn and run .... back through the kitchen and right into - wolf ... whose face have a rough unshaven look , as hair begin to grow there . wolf Jack ? jack aaaahhhh ! Jack fall back to the floor and crawl backwards . at the same time , a prairie dog burst from the dark room . Wolf and Jack see it . Wolf pick up a big stick from a break chair and hurdle it at the dog . wolf get out here you !... go way ! out ! the dog be frighten by the roar and the stick and leap through a window frame without any glass , and run away . Jack be shaking - from fear as well as from sickness . wolf . I be sorry . I should not have take so long . he bend down and pick up a bunch of plant and root . jack what 's all that ? wolf Le Medicine . jack Medicine ? what you do mean ? 75 wolf you be sick . go to get worse ~ if you do not take medicine ... we need clean water ... there 's a well out behind a farm right across the field . I will go sneak over and you - jack no ! I will go ... Jack find a beer and exit . int . burned out house - later that night . Wolf have start a fire and be mixing the root of the plant in the beercan of water , over the fire . Jack sit with a half char blanket , hat the smell . jack that stuff stink . wolf so do you . jack I be not drink that ! wolf you have to or you smell worse . jack Wolf , this be not the terrirtory . remember ? this be the country of bad smell ( he sneeze ) ... you have propably get ragweed and poison oak and .. wolf they be good thing . not very strong , God pound they but not everything bad here ... there be good smell too - like the medicine plant ... even though they be weak . I bet they be stronger once . I bet this be a_ good place once .... clean and full of power ... jack Wolf ? the hair 's come back on you palm . even you face all of a sudden look unshaven . and that howling I hear . be that . , 76 interrupt , Wolf demeanor change to a graver tone . - wolf the time be come . I go run with the moon when I look for the medicine . it be beautiful . ( he face glow ) but we will have to .... have to find some place ... you have to lock . I up someplace . lock I up good . if I get out I hurt anything I can run down and catch hold of . so you lock I up three day , maybe four , until - moon let go of I ... Jack listen with great focus ; jack well ... we will look in the next town for a hardware store to buy a lock or something . wolf everything be all right ... ( pick up can ) you just drink you medicine . that 's all you have to do now . he hand Jack the can . Jack take it suspiciously . jack you know , if this kill I you will be all alone . a expression of terrible distress come over Wolf . wolf I do not want to hurt you Jack . I never want to hurt you . Jack know this in he heart but he fear change be come . he drink the liquid quickly . jack ugh ! suddenly , the room start to spin and he feel himself slipping into another world ... the world begin to waver just like it ahoe before a flip ... jack wolf . take my hand ... 77 _— ay of Wolf grab he hand but just at that moment , the world grow solid _ around he . the waver stop . ° wolf o.oo " Jack what be it ? oo oe jack nothing I ... I feel a little better though . wolf you smell better too . ext . landscape - day . wide angle shot of wolf run with jack on he back .... fade to ; ext . different landscape = night . wide angle shot of wolf run with Jack on he back . only the time , the moon hang almost full . we hear wolf howl as he run ; curt to : ext . woodshed - day . a abandond woodsh in a dirty little gully . it be surround by trash and bald tire . Jack approach the shed carry a paper bag . jack Wolf ?... Wolf ? I be back . I get the lock ... i.. he look inside the woodsh , then walk around the shed ; jack Wolf , be you here ? but Wolf be nowhere to be see . jack shit . - he look up to the sky and see the SUN be starting to set . he look at he watch ; it be almost six o'clock on October 30 . Jack get worried . he start move toward a ditch that border the field . he then he look towards the wood that lie on the perimeter of the field . 78 Pov the wood across the field look still . tall tree . Big rock . Jack do not know what to do . then suddenly , look out towards the wood , he sees ; one of the big rock start to move . Jack realize it be not a rock .... it be wolf sitting very still in a hunched position . he stand up and begin walk towards Jack . Jack stand stock still as he notice that ; wolf have change even more . his hair have become thick , longer , more luxuriant . his beard be full . his entire body seem wider and more powerful . and as he get closer to Jack , the later can see that he eye be ablaze , as if fill with liquid fire . Wolf stop on the opposite side of the ditch . his voice have lose it 's child like quality . it be deep and resonant . wolf soon now Jack . jack I think for a second you run away . wolf be sit . remember . think . everytime he talk Jack can see how large he teeth have become . jack I ... I get the lock ..... what be you think about ? Wolf stare at Jack , he whole face eye , tooth , everything , blaze - like a man on lsd with a alter consciousness . wolf you be the herd now Jack . he walk round the ditch to Jack , who back up cautiously . Wolf be exultant . wolf . . you have good smell in this world Jack . good smell . woolf ! jack you never say anything good about it before . 79 wolf before be before and now be now . jack I hope none of that good smell be people , Wolf . wolf ( joyously ) wolf need to eat ! ha ! oh jacky how wolf need to eat . Wolf act like a man have a serious high . he 's charge , on fire Jack can see the sun get lower . jack o.k... I be gonna have to put you in the shed ... remember that ? I get the lock I just hope it will hold ... let 's go Wolf ... wolf you have the fear smell . jack that 's because I be scared shitless . come on . wolf I be not go in the shed . not I ! no ! Wolf can not go in the shed . Wolf remember . Wolf remember . jack remember what ? you have to go in the shed - that 's what you should remember ! wolf no.. wrong ! you go in the shed ! jack goe in the shed . I remember . ( Jack listen , horrify ) from the Book of good farming . the story of the Wolf who would not injure he herd . the herd go in the barn . I remember ! when change take the wolf , herd go in the barn and he lock the door ... he would not imjure he herd ... wolf.. right here and now .. jack you want I to stay lock up in this shed for three day ? 80 wolf ( needy / slightly sinister ) - i. have to eat Jack . when the moon take I I have to eat . good smell here . plenty food . when moon let I go , Jack come out . jack what happen if I do not want to be lock up for three day ? wolf Wolf kill Jack ... then Wolf will be damned . ( Jack be shocked ) it 's in the Book . I remember . terrify , Jack realize there be no other way . jack all right ... let 's go . he lead Wolf around the shed as he speak fervently ; they arrive at and the key . Wolf stare he point to a jack you can not kill any people Wolf , 0.k .? remember that . if you can remember the story , you can remember that . wolf no people Jack . animal smell better than people . no people . Wolf ! the door of the shed . Jack pull out the padlock jack o.K..see , just slip this through here ( Wolf watch ) and close it then turn the key and uh .. I guess .. slip it under the door here ... there 's enough room . at the sky , just nod . jack should I ... just go in ? Le wolf no ... sit there . spot about a foot away from the door , inside the shed . Jack sit . Wolf walk out , a foot outside the door and 81 sit . then , without even look at jac hand ( which be now a paw ) to Jack . Jack Wolf squeeze it and Jack almost scream face lift up towards the sky . jack be we go to stay like wolf until it 's time . , the SUN be become a faint line of light . Jack be get more frighten by the seco , a almost meditative caln . the night sky appear , faintly light by the sei cg si suddenly ; Wolf speak as if in a trance , never look : wolf she 's begine to take I with she . soon we will be run . I wish you co jack well I ... guess we will have to close the door now , huh ? he try to pull he hand away , but wolf resist . J harder and finally Wolf release he - but with a '' jack remember . keep the herd safe . wolf eye 's glare for a moment . he speak as if on wolf the herd go in the barn and lock go on the door . he would not injure he herd . Jack back up into the middle of the darken shed and reach for the door . . jack put the lock on the door . wolf ( get angry as the power take GOD pound it , that's what i'm doinc I be put the GOD pounded lock on the GOD pounded door , see ! 82 he slam the door shut with a bang , throwing jack and the shed into complete darkness . Jack move to the door and say ; jack and now the key . wolf ( 0.s. ) God pound key right here and now ! we hear the click of the clock and the rattling of the key in the cylinder . a second later the key be bounced under the door into the shed . Jack breathes a sigh of relief . as he bend down for the key , he can see beneath the door ; wolf feet completely cover in hair . he rise quickly . he lean at the door and whisper . jack do not be mad at I Wolf . wolf fist bang on the door . wolf ( 0.s. ) not ! not angry ! wolf ! jack all right . no people wolf. remember . or they will hunt you down and kill you . Wolf would body bump against the door and he transform . Jack can tell Wolf be flatten against the door as he speak ; wolf ( 0.s. ) Wolf not angry !... Wolf want ... it 's so soon now ... 80...s00 n ... Wolf foot slip under the door and Jack jump back in fear . he can hear wolf grunting and groaning as Wolf move away from the door . and then Jack hear Wolf utter a sound like ; wolf ( 0.s. ) aaah . jack Wolf ? a earsplitting howl signifies Wolf 's departure ... a series of howl follow and Jack settles into the darkness . he raise he glow - in - the dark numbered watch and wait . ccut to : 83 wee ee ee eh he ) ext . woodshed - middle of the night . wide angle of . shed beneath full moon surround by field . we hear sing come from inside the shed . CUT to : int . woodshed - same time . Jack , in a effort to keep he energy up and he fear in check , be dance and sing a popular rap song . cuT to : int . woodshed - morning . streak of light pierce through the rotted wood . Jack be asleep in a ball on the floor . a bang 0.s. wake he up . he look ; beneath the door , lie a dead rabbit , a gift from Wolf . jack wolf ! ? but there be no answer . he be disgust by the rabbit but he pick it up . jack he mean well . Jack check the date on he watch ; oct 31 int . woodshed - later that day . Jack try to occupy himself by look over the map . on the United stated map , be currently in daleville Indiana . when he trace that over he Territories map , that place he on the border of Kansas and Colorado .... he look to the black book and open it to the last page . he read ; jack --. on that second day of the change the Boy Prince wait , with no food or water , for the Moon to release he companion . the page be blank after that . Jack remark ; jack tell I something I do not know . 84 he flip through the page back to the small passage he Father write on the first page of the book . jack dad , I do not know what I be do . this be not help . it 's not tellin I anything ... he toss the book away in frustration and hold he head in he hand . he suddenly rise and run to the door , bang ; jack I don't want to do this !! I want - to go home ! I give up o.k .! I want to go home ! daaddd !.. let I out ... ext . woodshed - day . there be no one for mile around to hear Jack 's cry ..... CUT to : int . woodshed - night . Jack be talk to himself non-stop , althought he be rapidly lose he energy . he be slowly become delirious from hunger and thirst . he be make up the word to he own rap song ; jack " I be in a box and my name be Jack I get a friend name Wolf whose get no pack he 's out tonite ..... run with the moon ... gonna grab a bite .... do ' need no spoon ... " cuT to : int . woodshed =~ day . Jack walk around in a daze ; he lip parched , he body soak with sweat . he tear off he shirt and he continue rapping . but each word sound like it 's he last . jack " Jack in the box I be the guy get no food ... hope I do not ...... die .... " | he collapse and lose consciousness . dream ; 85 Pov of jack as a SMALL boy ; camera enters_his father' study , just like in the first scene . his father be writing in the book with the gold pen , with he back to he . the camera move up alongside the Father , as he continue write without turn around . the father stop . look to camera . smile and pick up the boy ( the camera ) place it on he lap . camera now angle on the word he be writing . fascinum pene thesaurus .... the father 's hand enter frame to pick up the pen - only the hand be cover in hair . it be a paw . camera spin around to c.u. of wolf face , he mouth wide with fang , he eye burning orange . - quick CUT to : int . woodshed - night ( what time of night be a mystery ) jack awaken , terrified , in the same position as when he col lapse . hour and hour have pass . Jack look at he glow - in - the dark watch - it be ten minute to five in the morning on the 2nd . a howl be hear from outside . drain of energy , he whisper jack Wolf ? no sound . he lower he head and return to sleep ... until ; something powerful bang against the door . Jack jump out of he sleep . the silence that follow be even more scary : Jack rise on he wobbly leg . jack Wolf ? it that you ? it 's it over ? beat , then in a husky , animimalistic voice . wolf jjaack . jack Wolf ? wolf give key .... jack give you the key ? be you sure ? be it over ? bang ! as Wolf pound on the door . wolf give key ! 86 Wolf growl as he speak . the Jack 's mind race , consider ja go away Wolf ... it 's not go away !.... protect the . bang ! Wolf pound the door , interrupt ja it again ... jack pro.. protect the herd Wolf . he would not injure he herd - or he will be -~... bang ! bang ! Jack be shiver with fear . - hé try to -he for he lean against the door as wolf growls softly from th other side of the front door . - he say with great sternly . remember what would happen Wolf ! : remember what happen if you kill '' you herd ! you will be damned . forever . silence . Jack think he get through to he . he check ; jack lo ( softly ) x Wolf be you still there . a ( a low growl answer ) be you all right ? wolf ( 0.s. ) no. jack why ? what 's wrong ? wolf ( softly ) . Wolf ...is .... damned . bang ! bang ! bang ! as Wolf strike the door incessantly + tremendous force . Jack fear collapse he leg and he : to the floor , and scurries over to the far end against 1 opposite the door . he watch as ; - the door be be pushed against there hinges with ev : hit of Wolf 's body . Jack be panicked , he pick up a break wood beam to def himself then realize that 's ridiculous . he then rush 87 door and prop the wood beam against , wedge the other end into the dirt ... he back away to he place on the far side , trip over_his foot and fallilng to the dirt floor . when he hand touch the soft dirt , he get a idea ... he begin to dig and claw at the dirt , to make a hole under the wall and squeeze out .... Wolf keep growling and pounding at the door but the wood beam be prove strong ... Jack dig frantically , the hole widen . he dig right to the bottom of the wall and then begin clear the dirt away from it ... he pick up a stick and break up the dirt , then cup it with he hand and toss it away . the wood beam begin to crack in the middle . Wolf be growl now with tremendous ferocity . Jack have make a clear beneath the wall . he enter he hole headfirst and begin to clear dig away at the earth as he crawl under and out ... suddenly , the beam break in half ... and the banging stop . Jack freeze . there be nothing protect the door now . he dig at he hole as fast as he hand can move , clear the dirt behind he .... digging and digging until ; wolf paw break through jack hole and grab hold of jack throat ... jack can not breath . he grab hold of the paw and try to pry it open . meanwhile , wolf other paw be quickly digging around the arm that hold Jack to make the hole big enough to pull he out ... jack beat at the paw on he throat until finally he manage to get he teeth on it and bite down hard ! wolf scream in pain and for a split second , relax he grip . Jack seize the moment and pull he head out of the hole , back inside the shed . he kick and push all the dirt back into the hole as he race against Wolf 's tremendous strength and digging further into the shed . Jack rise and run to the front door , try to bang it open . he look back and sees ; wolf full arm , up to he shoulder , be now through . the second arm come through and both paw grab into thé wall , as if Wolf be on he back and try to slide he way under . jack start digging again , this time under the door which have a much wider space to begin with between the ground and the door . wolf be growling seem to be getting closer and louder ... Jack dig and dig and dig until ; 88 a beam of light enter through the hole as he break through to the other side . it be the SUN . but Jack pay no attention . he keep digging until he notice that ; wolf growling as stop . the silence be even more frightening . he slowly turn he head , expect to see Wolf stand menacingly above he and see : a empty shed . the two arm of Wolf that have break through be go . suddenly , the shed be fill with thin stream of sunlight as the dawn break through . he listen for Wolf but hear nothing . then , very gently ; : k? wolf ( 0.s. ) Jack ? jack aaaahhhh ! Jack jump back from the door , shaking . Wolf sound like he old self - stand on the other side of the door . wolf ( 0.s. ) it 's Wolf , Jack . it 's I again . it 's all over . all over . you 0.k .? Jack kick the door in anger . jack you son of a bitch ! wolf ( 0.s. ) it 's o.k. Jack ... it 's all over . it 's all over ... you do good . Jack hear this and start laugh and cry uncontrollably . CUT to : ext . interstate - day . a eighteen wheeler drive by the illinos border - with jack and wolf hitching a ride on the back ... cuT to : ext . interstate - day . Jack be try to hitch a ride as Wolf sit on the roadside . wolf Wolf hungry . Jack glare at he . . jack do I a favor ? do not ever say that to I again , 0.k .? wolf I be sorry Jack . but the end of the change the most strong ... I forget to remember that . jack yeah well ... why do not you forget - you be hungry for a while so I do not have another heart attack . Wolf feel badly for behave as he do . the sound of a car lift he head . Jack look too , first hopefully , then with dread ; jack shit ... it 's the police . wolf who ? a police car be make track right for then ... wolf should we run ? jack no..no .. that will make it worse . I get tell them some story though . just let I do the talk 0.k . do not say anything and no matter what - do not get excited . the police car stop on the opposite side of the two lane road . two imposing policemen with sunglass get out . policeman one you boy lose ? jack uh ... not really ..uh.. we be on we way to visit my aunt in Springfield and uh .... we lose all we money for the bus . policeman one do not you know hitchikin be against the law ? 90 policeman one ( Jack do not answer ) '' why be not you two in school ? jack we ... that be ... my cousin here get kick out on account of he 's a little slow in the head and uh ... he 's the one go to live with my aunt and there be no one to bring he but I so ... the first policeman look at the other , then back at the two ; policeman one o.k . get in the car . jack but why ? we .. policeman one just get in the car . he grab Jack by the arm and immediately , wolf grab he hand and pull it off . policman why you - he pull out he blackjack and crack Wolf on the side of the head with it . Wolf go down . the other policman draw he gun and aim it at Wolf and jack scream ; jack . hold it ! hold it ! it just do not understand 0.k... it 's all right ... ( kneel to Wolf ) it 's all right ... come on . Jack carefully lead Wolf to the car . when Wolf arrive at the backseat , the smell hit he as bad . he.recoil but Jack hold on firn . jack do not do this ... not now . policeman two do not do what ? what be two talk about ? , jack he get car sick ... upchuck all the time . 91 policeman twc - - he toss it in my car and it ! be the last ride he ever taker Jack guide Wolf into the backseat . policeman you boy get a few surprisec gonna get some sunlight in Jack do not understand ... but it frighten u.. ext . cayuga municipal build - day . establish shot as police car drive up front . int . judge's office - day . judge fairchild , a mass of wrinkle and dyed black hair , behind he desk in a room full of stale cigarette smoke . be reeling from the smell . Jack have to pratically hold h judge a aunt you say ? in Springfield . jack ; yes sir . her name be .. helen Vaughn . / judge x I see ... and he 's uh .... simple minded you jack yes sir . judge you be drink boy ? Jack shake he head . the judge motion for Jack to com to he and breath in he face . judge no ... but that 's the only thing you be tell the truth about , be not it ? jack I be sorry we be hitching . we do not usually . he 's just that he hate - 92 judge this be not about hitching boy . co . that be not the issue . the issue . be you two boy be on the road by yourself , come from nowhere and go nowhere ~- real target for trouble . now we have here in this county , what we think be a most unusual facility - state approve and state fund mind you - which might have be set up expressly for the benfit of boy like you . it 's call the sunlight gardener scripture - Home for wayward boy . that 's the very same sunlight gardener who talk on the television and radio ... ( Jack and Wolf show no recognition ) you mean you two never hear of sunlight gardener ? why he 's the most famous thing we get around here . gardener take young fellow in trouble , some pretty tough case , and in no time have ‘em down on they knee . why he 's a regular miracle worker old gardener . he so selfless and dedicated to he work that , well , everytime we find a couple a lose soul like yourself , rev gardener see fit to repay we with a small of gift ... what you might call a finder fee . the two policeman laugh to themseleve at this remark . jack listen , it 's urgent we get to Springfield . people be go to be wonder - judge I doubt that . but as soon as you two be on you way to the sunlight School , I will call up Springfield and try to contact this ... helen Vaughn of yours . ( he look at Wolf silently ) how old be you ? Wolf look to Jack and Jack say quickly . jack sixteen . judge and you . 93 jack twelve . judge oh , I would have take you for several year older . all the more reason for see you get help now before you get in real deep trouble ... ( to policeman ) would not you say franky ? policeman amen . ext . sunlight gardener school - day . set in the middle of farmland country , the sunlight school look more like a prison ; tall brick building with bar window surround by wall top with barb wire and shard of glass . tv camera monitor the large iron front gate as the police car drive up . a click be hear and the gate open for then . CUT to : int . car Jack look at the place with forebode . he notice that Wolf have rapped he own hand tightly around Jack 's . he then look out the window to see ; Pov boy in the field put down they tool to see the newcomer . the boy look pale and thin , with dead eye . CUT to : ext . sunlight school ; front step ~ day . the car pull up and park . the policeman get out and open the back door . : two stiff , militaristic youths exit onto the front porch , like haughty mastiff lead the way for they . master . both wear white turtlenecks with a trangular name tag . the first youth 's name be singer . the second be bast . Jack feel as if he 's see they somewhere before . a moment later , sunlight gardener exit - white hair , white 94 suit , white shoe , white wavy scarf and sunglass . he remove the sunglass and look straight at Jack . Jack almost faint . he recognize this man immediately . sunlight gardener be osmond' twinner ; the leader of the Hitler youth from the Territories that kill the woman in the marketplace . and singer and bast be twinner of two of osmond 's henchmen . Singer be a blond wiry snotnose . bast be a musclebound menace , as big as Wolf . Jack try desparately to not let on what he know . gardener : ( smile and genial ) well , well , well .. where would we be without the effort of officer Williams and jenning , hmmmm ? william afternoon reverend . gardener be it the usual sort of thing or be this two bold fellow actually engage in crimminal activity ? william vagrant . we find them hitchin on 94 . refused to give they right name to judge Fairchild . gardener step closer to Jack and Wolf . gardener name ...name ... and what might be the name you two gentleman be currently use ? jack I be ... Jack ... Jack parker . gardener Jack parker .. ( look at he curiously ) have we meet before Jack parker ? jack ( tense ) no. gardener 95 gardener ( to Wolf ) . and you .. what be you name ? Wolf look to Jack who nod he head . wolf Wolf . gardener Wolf ? Wolf what or rather what Wolf ? jack - Philip ... Philip Wolf . gardener ah ... well Mr. Wolf and Mr. parker - have you be bad boy ? have you be very bad boy ? jack no . we be just hitch - gardener welcome to the sunglight gardener School . we will see to it that you get very special attention . Singer ! bast ! show this two gentleman to they — room and get they outfit . singer come on . Singer reach for Jack and bast reach for Wolf , grab they by the arm . as they be lead into the school , gardener add 0.s . gardener ( 0.s. ) Jack parker . they stop and turn to gardener . gardener there must be a reason Jack parker why you look so familiar to I . have you ever be in trouble before ? ( Jack shake he head ) _ oh well ... I be sure it will come to I . Jack and he exchange glance . gardener clearly think he know he but just as clearly , do not remember how . ( not all twinners be aware of have twinners ) . Jack be relieved when Singer pull he inside . 96 .cut to : co int . sunlight_gardener school - day . Singer lead they down a hallway . singer you be now ward of the state of Kansas and that 's what you will be for the next thirty day , unless you decide to stay longer . jack - decide ? singer yes . over sixty percent of we kid be here voluntarily . ( he stop and turn on Jack ) this be a good place to be and ] if I ever hear you rank it i'11 pound the shit out of you . you hear I ? ( Jack nod ) Singer stop by a large wooden table with a cupboard behind it . he open a cupboard , take out uniform , shoe and bible ; ' singer all right . you two will be bunknate . we day start at five in the morning when we have chapel . fieldwork go until seven then breakfast . back to the field until noon then lunch plus Bible reading . there 's more work after lunch for which you will be pay a hourly wage set against the cost of you room and board . it come to about fifty cent a hour . Sunday be spend in the chapel , except for the time when we actually broadcast the sunlight gardener Gospel hour . by this point , gardener have meander over to the foursome - he eye clearly on Jack . singer | now , empty out you pocket right here . wolf ( mumble , as if by rote ) right here and now . 97 singer empty you pocket ! I wanna see it all . gardener personal possession tend to tie we boy to the past , we have find . destructive . we find this be a helpful tool . we will employ a strip search if necessary . Jack know he 's cornere . he reach in he pocket and pull out the remain dollar and change . he then lift he shirt and pull out the black book , which Singer grab immediately ; singer what 's this !? gardener ( grab it from he ) do you write Jack parker ? jack uh... yeah it 's ... it 's sort of like a story I keep write only I do not have a end . gardener ( look it over ) well ... perhaps we can help you with that . ( throw book at Singer ) put that in my office for safe keep . bast ( refer to Wolf ) do he have anything in he pocket ? jack he do not have anything ! Jack quick , protective response make Singer suspicious . singer ( to Wolf ) you hold ? Wolf do not understand what he mean . singer move to grab he pocket but Wolf flinch away . singer he 's hold I bet ! this dummy 's hold I know it . 98 singer the police never searched he ! '' this be incredible ! they be gonna look like moron . bast if you do not empty you pocket onto the table , I be go bust you head on it instead . jack do it Wolf . Wolf be so confuse . he begin to empty he pocket of pretty little colored stone . Singer jump the gun ; singer pill ! he 's get pill . gardener ( pick up the stone ) do not be a idiot sonny . gardener walk off . Singer be furious he look foolish . CUT to : int . dormitory =- day . Singer and bast continue they escort down a stone block corridor and stop in front of a door with peel paint . Singer turn to Jack and slap he hard across the face . Wolf be alert ; wolf Jack ! jack ( calming he ) I be 0.k. Wolf . singer you ever make I look like a jackass again and I will hurt you . you make I look like a jackass in front of the reverend again and I will ] kill you . he open the door . Jack and Wolf shuffle in . Wolf be steaming but hold himself back . cut to : int . dormitory cell ~ late afternoon . 99 a bunk bed sit in the corner , divide two metal bureaus . a signal , tall window with bar look out over the back property . the door slamg shut and Wolf be immediately claustrophobic . he migrate to the window . the bar form shadow on he face . he and Jack look outside ; , Pov sitting all by itself in the back of the dormitory , be a tall iron BOX , large enough to fit a full grow boy . Jack have a bad feel about it . look out , Wolf simply say ; - wolf Wolf can not stay here Jack . jack I know . wolf this be a bad place . Wolf should not be in this place . get bad mind . that white man . he kill Jack ... just like he twinner . jack he do not know he twinner , do he ? wolf not yet . but they be strong in each other . have same memory . same hatred . same evil . we have to get out . jack we will , I promise . not today . not tomorrow . I have to work it out . but soon . : wolf " the sunlight in the blasted land " I think that 's where we be Jack . that 's where we be . int . dormitory cell ~ morning . it be almost dawn . Wolf be asleep on the bottom bunk . but Jack be awake with a notebook and pen in he bed . angle on notebook ; 100 Jack have write the word from he dream fascinium ... pene ... thesaurus . he whisper to himself ; jack I know what a thesaurus be but ... what do it mean ? what language be this ? c.u. on bell in corner of ceiling . it ring loudly at 5:00 am . Wolf awaken in terror and start scream .... Jack jump off the tcp bunk and try to calm he down but Wolf pace with he hand over he ear to dull the deafen sound . Wolf start pull at the bar on the window . - jack Wolf ! stop it ! please ! 0.s. boy in the adjacent room start yell ; boy shut that dummy up ! the ringing stop . silence . Wolf collapse , hold he head and he shake . Jack kneel down to he a whisper ; jack now listen to I ! if we be go to get out of here , you have get to get a hold of yourself . you can not flip out on I . wolf I do not know Jack . I do not know . jack listen ! you want that guy Singer to slap I around again ? wolf no ! somebody should slap he around ! jack no ! that will make everything worse . just try to remember - they will hurt I if you act up , 0.k .? so ... try and have good mind , 0.k. not bad mind ... will you try ? wolf ( tear in he eye ) I will try . 101 int . MAIN floor corridor - morning . Jack and wolf. walk down a long corridor in the midst of the other " inmate " . everyone be head for the dining hall . they enter through two big door into a massive dining hall with row of table and bench . Morning light stream in through tall , victorian window . Wolf immediately smell food and he lead by he nose to a place close the kitchen . Jack follow . gardener enter with he entourage and step up to a small podium at the far end of the hall . a third henchmen , casey , take care of all the technical equipment . he turn on a microphone , tap it to test , then step away . gardener take he place . gardener good morning boy . boy morning reverend gardener . gardener be there sinners in this room ? boy yes . gardener | do we have our confession prepare ? boy yes ! gardener very good . his eye catch sight of Jack and he glare with anticipation . gardener let we have a dozen confession before breakfast . no more . after that hector bast here will lead we in a prayer thanking the almighty for this day and we food . but it be important to remember today as any other day , that what we . need more than food for we . body - be food for we soul . and what be the best nourishment for we soul ? boy discipline ! order ! obedience ! 102 gardener amen ! who would like to start ? several hand shoot up . Jack be impressed by how eager the boy be to confess . gardener be hope Jack would raise he hand but know better . he call on a gawky , pimply teenager who stand ; gardener Roy owderfelt . roy I steal ten buck from my momma 's purse last year . I take it and - play it on the video game . it be the money momma put aside for the gas bill . because of that they turn off we heat . and my brother get sick and have to go to the hospital with pneumonia because I steal that money . gardener can Roy be forgiven ? boy roy can be forgiven . gardener can anyone here forgive he ? boy no one here ! gardener who can forgive he ? boy GOD through he power of he only begotten son . gardener next ... other hand shoot up . Jack 's eye move to the window , which be all heavily barred . he look to the big door to see that entrance and exit be always guard by two gardener goons , know as WARWICK and keggins . another boy start confess 0.s. Wolf meanwhile can not stop smell the food . his attention be draw to the kitchen door . suddenly , bast' hand come smack against he head ; bast pay attention to the reverend ! 103 Wolf glare at he , but Jack gently touch he arm . bast grin . ~~ - CUT to : ext . dine hall ~- day . Wolf and Jack be exite when suddenly , jack be shove from behind so hard , that he fall and bang he head on the floor . Singer , bast and casey exit behind he . Wolf be about to pounce when Jack call ; jack no Wolf ! bast no , go ahead wolfie . do not listen to he . go on ... try I . singer leave the dummy alone . he 's just the body . ( kneel to Jack ) this here 's the head . the reverend say he know you but you be not talk . he 's put I in charge of jogging you memory . of sick of take this himself , Jack let some of he sarcasm out ; jack you parent must be real proud . how be Eva and adolph ? singer ( too stupid to get it ) that be not my parent name , you dickbrain . jack my mistake . Singer be clearly intimidate . Jack be clearly smarter . singer do not push I , asshole . you better just watch you step . he turn away when Jack add ; jack hey Singer ... 104 Singer turn to he , gack stare he dead in the with i °° _ - a force and serenaen we have yet to see from hin . 7 of jack - for maybe you should watch out for I . we can see Singer be almost scared by this , be a true coward deep down . bast be enraged by Jack 's insolence move to rough he up but Singer stop hin . ' singer fait . not here . later . they move away leave Jack and Wolf . ext . the field - day . Jack and Wolf be amongst the other boy , clear ground , haul rock , break earth with pick and shovel . Jack be always on the lookout . he scan the grounds ; the wall , the wire fence , the electronic camera , the night spot . and Singer , bast , warick and keggins who be always around . cut to : int . kitchen - day . on kitchen duty , Jack be behind a large sink wash dish in steaming water . he rub the plate and casually look up to the window above the sink . there be no bar on these window . Jack make a subtle mental note . warick enter the kitchen and shout ; WARWICK night chapel ! everybody downstair ! CUT to : int . the cellar chapel - night . a tv studio with velvet trim pews . to the leave of the stage be a glass - in techinical sound booth manned by casey . on the stage be a giant gold cross which serve as a backdrop . the boy file in and take they seat . gardener enter , adorn like a humble prophet . he wear a simple smock and no shoe . he take he place at the podium and look out at he flock . 105 he spot Jack and Wolf at once . he stare at they dead -ey , until casey give he the signal and he immediately become of animated in front of the camera ; gardener . " fret not thyself because of evildoer . neither be thou envious against the worker of inequity . for they shall be cut down like the grass and wither as the green herb .... for evildoer shall be cut off ! but that that wait upon the Lord , they shall inherit the Territories . " Jack listen with grow apprehension . gardener do you understand what this lovely song , pslam 37 , mean boy ? ( clearly they do not ) ( suddenly , shockingly ) it means don't sweat it ! now you know what that mean , do not you ? boy yeah ! gardener of oh yeah ! don't sweat it ! negative perspiration ! it say you do not have to worry about evildoer . you do not have to worry about the worker of sin and inequity . this pslam say if you walk with the Lord and talk with the Lord everything'g gonna be so cool ... do you understand that boy ! boy yeah ! amen ! gardener naw , you do not have to fear that kid who want to show you the dirty picture book ! you do not have to fear that boy who say just one toke on just one joint will not hurt you and you will be a sissy if you do not take it ! oh no ! cause when you got the lord , you gonna walk with the lord , am I right ?! 106 boy yeah ! ! gardener I can't hear you , am I right !? boy yeeeahhhh ! ! gardener but be on the look out ! because we have enemy . oh yes , they be out there . we have we enemy . twice the State of Kansas have try to shut I down ! they can not stand to think of I down here at the sunlight Home teach my boy to love Jesus and love they country ! it make them mad but you wanna know something boy !? we do not just make them mad ... we make 'em scaarred ! boy yeah ! amen ! gardener let'em send down they spy to plant garbage under we kitchen counter and cockroach in we flour . let them start they vile rumor that my boy be beat . be you beaten ! ? boy no ! gardener they send down some smart news reporter from some they radical humanist to do a hatchet job on the sunlight Home . but we outsmart them , do not we boy ? they do not find one boy chain or in confine in a strait jacket or with he head shave , like they hear in town from some of they School board jackal . most they could find be . some boy who say they get spanke and they did get spanked '’- I would testify to that myself before the throne of the almighty with a lie detector on each arm because the Book say if you spare the rod , you gonna spoil the child and if you believe that , you gimme a hallelujah ! 107 boy hallelujah ! gardener they find happy boy ! they find healthy boy ! the Lord protect that that love he and the Lord be not gonna let a bunch of dope smoking radical humanist who tattletale to that so-called news people tear we down ! I hear the lie on that tv show and I know who ' spread them cause when you have feed a boy and hold he - in you arm when he cry for he momma at night , I guess then you you know he voice even when they try and cover he face with some fancy tech - no- logical de-vice ! ( stare at Jack ) that boy be go now . May God forgive they . because I cannot . for I be just a man . and I will protect this flock . I set that evildoer out - into the Territories , where they shall not be feed - but may in fact be eat up by tree that walk like beast in the night through the blasted land . Jack and Wolf know that this fancy imagery be not just imagery . gardener let we pray . gardener bow he head and begins to pray in latin . within this prayer , he utter the phrase " filius regis " , meaning royal son . upon hearing the phrase , jack perk up . he remember it from the passage in the Book of good farming . recalling the three word be a language he do not understand . until now . he mumur to himself ; jack Latin . it 's Latin . int . dormitory room - night . Jack be awake in he bunk memorize the word ; thesaurus pene .... fascinium ... 108 .cut to : ext . field -- day . Jack and Wolf be tole in the field when Singer approach . singer parker ! ( Jack and Wolf stop work ) this book just arrive for the reverend . ( hand Jack a package ) go deliver they to he office . jack but I do not know where it be . singer it 's down the basement opposite the chapel . you will find it . move it . as Jack move , Wolf start to follow . singer I say parker , idiot . not you ! Wolf want to follow but Jack motion that it 's 0.k. and exit . Wolf do not like this . cuT to : int . gardener' basement office - day . a circular room with no window . it be line with curve bookcase . a giant ornate desk take up half the space . Jack cautiously open the door . jack hello ? anybody here ? Jack enter to the empty room . he take in the book and paraphenalia . he head for the desk to place the book down . he see a phone and be tempt to call he mother , but think twice . he turn to leave when he get a idea . he search the bookcase for a latin / english dictionary . he search quickly and with great trepidation . he finger skim the larger book until it hit upon a large GREEN folio edition of a latin / english dictionary . he attempt to pull the book out when he eye catch something on the shelf above the book , that cause he to freeze in terror ; it be a framed photograph of the reverend sunlight gardener 109 and morgan sloat , stand on either side of ex -kkk member and presidential hopeful , dennis tully ( we have see he picture on the news broadcast and the newspaper front page ) Jack be speechless . he reach for the photograph when suddenly ; slam ! he spin around to find ; bast and singer stand with they back to the close door . singer ( meaning the office ) I see you find it . as long as you be here , the reverend think it might - be a good time for we to work on that little memory problem of yours . ( Jack shake with fear ) unless of course , you have get plan . cuut to : int . dormitory room - late afternoon . Wolf wait anxiously in the room for Jack to return . Jack open the door and walk in very slowly . Wolf jump up ; wolf I be wait for you . everybody at dinner . but I wait for you . I think it be better to ... Jack collapse in Wolf 's arm . wolf jack ! he turn Jack and see blood come through he shirt . he lift the shirt to see that jack have be beaten on the back with a large stick or even a whip . he carry Jack to the bed and place he down with great care . jack it look worse than it be . I do not think I '11 go to dinner . you go ahead . Wolf 's eye go mad with rage . Jack try to dissuade he . jack no Wolf ... please . do not do anything . really . it 's 0.k . they will give up on this eventually . I just gotta stay outta there way that 's all , I - 110 wolf no !... no more . he head out the door as Jack scream ; jack wolff ... nooo ....! int . corridor - same time . Wolf storm down the corridor with one goal in mind . CUT to : int . dine hall - same time . Wolf enter the dining hall and walk straight to bast and Singer 's table . they look up and before they can make a smart remark , wolf lift singer by the shirt collar and fling he against the nearest wall . gardener jump up and make a beeline for the exit . bast be immediately on he foot and swing a left hook , but wolf catch it and slowly begins to squeeze ... wolf never .... the bone in bast 's hand crack as the other henchmen decide not to intefere - since bast be the biggest but wolf. be stronger . wolf never ... ( the hand crack . bast scream ) never hurt the herd ! bast collapse as gardener re-enters carrying a syringe . gardener hold he down ! the henchman look at he like he 's nut , but he scare they ; gardener hold he I say ! six of the henchmen jump Wolf , each take a appendage . Wolf struggle and almost break free but not before gardener stab he with the hypo and wolf begins to weaken from the drug . wolf hhooooocooowwllllllll ! 121 int . dormitory room - same time . Jack hear the cry . wolf howl again , only this time it sound as if he 's be move . Jack rush to the window ; Pov wolf , be drag by the six henchmen , be be locked up in the iron BOX in the back of the dormitory . jack - nooocoooo ! !!.... Jack try to run out of the room but fall - he wound be too painful . his head reeling , Jack pass out . cuT to : int . dormitory room - night . Jack be awaken by wolf howling . with he entire body throbbing , he move to the window to look out at the box . he start to cry for he friend , when he notice a change in Wolf 's cry - the howling have a occasional growl . cut to ; ext . the iron BOX - night . the BOX start to shake from inside . as if Wolf be bang he enormous frame back and forth . he lets out a long , sinister growl ... CUT back to ; jack ; who be clearly worried by the change in sound . the door to he room open behind he . he turn to find ; gardener stand there with two other henchmen . gardener will he stop that howling ? jack I do not know . gardener you can stop it , can not you ? 112 jack no. I can not . gardener oh cone now . smart boy like you . you be not think ... tell I who you be and I will let he out . Jack be tear . Wolf howl and growl and shake in fear and rage . but Jack can not tell gardener . if he do , he mother be as good as dead . jack - ( hold back tear ) I have tell you . I be nobody . we have never meet . gardener flare up momentarily , then sweep out of the room , follow by the two henchmen who slam the door shut . Jack turn back to the window and cry to himself . cut to ; int . dormitory room - night . Jack be asleep on the bottom bunk . 0.s. , we hear the door open and shut . Jack stir and slowly open he eye to see ; wolf stand above he near the bed . jack wolf !... wolf , be you all right ... wolf I be tired Jack ... I be very tired . Jack get up and ease Wolf down on the bed . Wolf look awful - weaken , pale , somehow diminish . Jack help he off with he shoe . wolf how long be I in there ? jack two day ... wolf . how be you back ? . jack it 's fine . really ... I do not even - 113 he stop as he pull off Wolf 's shoe . because on Wolf 's ankle of and lower calf , he sees a thin layer of hair that be not there two day ago . '' Jack get worried . jack Wolf ! be the moon full ? be the change - wolf no ... it 's not the time of the change . but I start to change anyway . I do . I be so mad ... I be so , scared do I scream alot ? ( Jack nod ) - sometimes , a Wolf can make the change come all by themselves - if he get so mad , and scream so long . ( he pat Jack ) do not worry . it will go away . jack listen , I have a idea . as soon as you feel better - we be go to try and flip over . remember when you give I that medicine ?... well it almost happen that time . uncle Tommy say it 's all about imagination and I think if I .. I could imagine flipping , if ( '' I do that hard enough , it might work . wolf o.k ... but the Territories might be worse . remeber the blasted land ? jack we have to take that chance ( then , start to cry ) I be so sorry Wolf . I ... I could not tell he . he know Morgan , and he would -... my mother Wolf . she 's dy -... she 's ... wolf sssshh Jack . Wolf know . right here and now . wolf take Jack 's hand gently into he . Jack lay he head down on Wolf 's arn . cor to : ext . sunlight school - day ( a week later ) a rainy , sunless day . Wolf work alone outside , lug large 114 bag of garbage . : co - CUT to : int . bathroom - day . Jack work alone , clean toilet when the loudspeaker goe on ; gardener ( v.0 . ) boy ! this be reverend gardener . I have just be give some wonderful news and I wish to share it with all of you ... jack be still my fuck heart . gardener ( v.0o . ) as you know , reverend gardener have be a staunch supporter of someone I and many faithful democratic Americans believe to be the only hope for the purification and revitalization of this United States , presidential nominee Dennis tully . ( Jack listen carefully ) Mr. tully be one of most ardent supporter cc and he have ask I to be the keynote speaker at a fundraising benefit in he honor in Los Angeles next Monday evening . I therefore will be fly to Los Angeles California directly after this tomorrow night 's broadcast . Jack be intrigue by the mention of a ticket to L.A. gardener in addition , on tomorrow night 's broadcast , I will have a guest speaker . stop , Jack know what he 's go to say before he say . gardener a man who have also be a benevolent and generous supporter of the sunlight School as well as Mr. tully . large fundraiser . Mr. Morgan sloat . camera start slow track into c.u. of jack . gardener Mr. sloat and I will then proceed to 115 c gardener L.A. together to continue we battle '' against ignorance and deceit , like the Holy crusader of yore . wolf ( 0.s. ) you almost finish Jack ? Jack jump . Wolf stand sock wet in the doorway . but Jack be glad to see hin . jack Close the door Wolf . as Wolf close the door , Jack check out the stall . he choose one and enter . Wolf follow he in . wolf what we do Jack ? jack we be gonna try and flip . wolf now ? jack now ... tomorrow may be too late . he lose the stall door . Jack and Wolf face each other over the toilet . jack we be on the first floor so we should be o.k ... wolf how we go to do it ? jack I do not know . uncle Tommy say you do not really need the juice . just use you imagination ... let 's try . ( Wolf nod ) hold ny hand . ( Wolf do ) : and ...let 's close we eye . they do ... Jack begin to speak out loud . jack 0.k... want to get back ! want to get 116 jack back ! Wolf help I . wolf I do ! I will if I can ! Wolf ! jack here and now . wolf right here and now . ( imagine ) I be open the juice bottle . I - can smell the burnt leave . burnt leave just like dad ... I tip the bottle and put some onto the finger . I put my finger to my forehead ... ( he let go of Wolf and lift he finger ) . and I rub in the juice ... in my mind I be rub in the juice , right here and now ... c.u. of jack ... as isolated surreal image float by the sen ertha remind we of he imaginative ability as a five year old child ; the bottle of juice , the Flying Men , the beautiful territory sky , jack '' ».- I can smell it . I can feel my head N get dizzy . it 's not a trick . it '' magic ... it 's not make - believe . it 's real ... I be spin . I be travel ... I be move through to the other side ... camera angle on jack and wolf feet , as the tile floor beneath they begin to turn into dirt ... jack ( 0.s . ) we be move Wolf . it 's work . I can feel we move through . I can smell the Territories .. I can smell - cur to : the territories ext . . the blasted land - night . loe Jack and Wolf be horrify by what they see ; the sky look like it's on FIRE . the earth be potted and all dug up , like a nucleur bomb have struck . everything be black and charree . no tree . nothing GREEN . no hill or mountain . 117 it look like a scene from dante' inferno . wolf the blasted land . Wolf hold on to Jack 's hand and force he to lay low on the ground so as not to be see . from the ground they watch ; the entire land be be mine . huge crater of earth have be dug up and worker crawl out , carrying glowing rock of radioactive material . they put they in barrel which be then move by a second team of worker to a ominous looking factory of black smoke and tall tower . ( it be the scene out of jack nightmare ) - Jack and Wolf be in tear as they watch ; the worker ; some be Territories people . some be Priests . some be boy from the sunlight school , as we can tell from they blacken white turtleneck with the name tag . but what be most horrific about they be that , due to the radioactive nature of the material , they be all deformed in some way . huge blister , miam arm and hand , burnt off hair and skin . it be a nightmare of egological diaster . it be hell on earth . the worker be order about by guard that look like two - legged beast ... Jack look to one of they and recognize he as ; hector bast' twinner - same expression , same eye , same build . he be sure Singer and casey be around as well . jack we have to go back Wolf ... we can not stay here either . wolf look what they have do . no wonder she 's die . Jack grab Wolf 's hand and close he eye .... our world int . bathroom - day . Jack and Wolf be lie on the floor of a stall , on opposite side of the toilet with they face on the floor . -- welsame_home boy . gardener ( 0.s : ) ~ N Jack and Wolf spin they body over to find ; gardener , flanke by singer , bast , casey and a fourth henchmen will we call WARWICK . the henchmen stare in fascination at the onizacle appearance " they just witness through the open door ° e stall . singer how do they do that ? bast they be devil . gardener pull out two hypodermic needle . gardener yes my boy . that be exactly what they be . CUT to : int . gardener basement office ~ night . Jack , tie to a chair , gradually begin to regain consciousness . as he focus he eye he can make out gardener sit behind he desk , dress in he broadcast clothes , with Singer and bast on either side of the desk . bast be hold a lighter , he keep flick on and off . gardener refresh ? you have be out for some time . jack where 's Wolf ? gardener he 's quite take care of . you need not bother about hin . . jack you do not ... kill he ? gardener no , no ...on the contrary , a young man with he strength could be a valuable soldier if he could be direct away from energy that confuse and lead he astray ... or perhaps it would be easier to eliminate the energy . ( he rise and cross to Jack ) you have be to the other side that I hear so much . that place Mr. sloat speak of with such admiration . 119 gardener ( Jack be about to speak ) '' no need to deny it . my loudspeaker work as receiver as well . you - bathroom assignment be a well conceive scenario . I know you would make no attempt as long as you remain in you room on the second floor . he take the lighter from bast' hand and walk to Jack . gardener - I be speak to Mr. sloat , who will arrive here within the hour , and it just so happen he have be look for a Jack by the name of sawyer . sound familiar ? gardener light the lighter . bast and Singer appear at either side of Jack , untying he and force he left hand to stand out straight while the other hold he right arm back . gardener since we plane leave shortly after tonight 's broadcast we - jack notice a suitcase and coat wait near the desk . gardener - be rather press for time and Mr. sloat have ask that I proceed with this interrogation without hin . wolf ( 0.s. ) hhooowwwwllllllll ! gardener oh not again . jack Wolf ? where be ... a look a terrify realization come over Jack . sack . oh God . you put he in there again . you put he in that box ? gardener ( to bast ) go out there and quiet he down . 120 bast how ? gardener ( annoyed ) I do not know - throw he a milk bone . figure it out ! slightly chagrine , bast make a hasty exit . Jack be about to warn they , but stop himself . Wolf might be there only way out of this . Singer now hold both of Jack 's arm foward , as he hunch over the back of the chair . gardener return to Jack . - gardener where be go Jack sawyer ? ( Jack do not answer ) be the storey true Jack ? ( Jack still do not answer ) be there a talisman ? Jack just stare at he blank eye , until gardener flick the lighter on and bring it underneath jack hand . jack scream in pain . CUT to : ext . sunlight school . jack scream blend into wolf howl . the Iron box be shaking with a fury . camera pan in slowly as the howl become more like growls of rage and power . CuT to : int . dine hall - night . everyone try to eat but be clearly distract by the forebode cry of Wolf . bast enter and signal for he two henchmen , WARWICK and keggins to follow hin . CuT to : int . sunlight gardener' basement office ~ night . : Jack have nearly pass out in pain . his leave hand be burn . his face a ball of sweat . gardener stand over he in frustration . gardener OPEN you mouth you little bastard ! you think I have time for this !? Morgan will be here and he will make you talk or he will kill you ! now 121 gardener why let that happen - tell I about - the talisman and I will let you go . I will tell he you escape and be kill . you can go back home Jack . you and you mother can disappear and Morgan will never find you . just tell I what I want to know . tell I what it be . tell I where it be !... tell I ... Jack manage to focus he eyesight on gardener . wolf growls and thumping can be heard 0o.s. jack all right . gardener 's eye brighten . jack but tell this scumbag shithead to let go of hin . Singer pull back he arm with a force but gardener reprimand . gardener let go ... he can hardly move . reluctantly , Singer let go . Jack then add ; jack you sure you want he to hear this . gardener consider this and look at Singer . singer he 's bluff . gardener look back at Jack . jack . I have get nothing leave to bluff . you be my only way out . gardener consider this . then , without look at Singer . gardener — get out . singer but he 's ...! 122 gardener get out ... now ! enrage , Singer storm out of the room , slamm the door behind he . Jack then ask quietly . jack you will have to get my black book for I . gardener have a moment of hesitation , as we : int . equipmenp room - night . bast be collect wooden bat and iron bar with he two helper curt to : ext . iron BOX - night . the door of the box be be slam by wolf from the inside with tremendous power . Wolf now sound like a uncontrollable beast . c.u. on the door hinge - as it gradually begin to break apart . cur to : int . television studio / glass SOUND booth - night . casey be prepare for the broadcast as a angry singer enter the sound booth . casey : what 's go on ? that dumb - singer shut-up ! he sit in the booth like a petulant child . wolf be growling at the top of he lung . casey man , I wish he would shut -up ... suddenly , a great bang be heard ..... and then silence . casey hmmm ... I guess bast give he the message . CUT to : 123 int . gardener' office - same time . Jack be sit at gardener 's desk look over the book , with gardener look over he shoulder - when they hear the bang and then the silence . Jack pause for a moment . gardener never mind that ! get on with it ! but Jack know in he gut , wolf be out . he stall for time . jack do you have a atla with a map of - Oregon ? gardener Oregon ? it 's in Oregon ! Jack nod , lie .. gardener rush to he bookscase for a atla . curt to : ext . back entrance to school - night . the back property be dimly light . a light illuminate the iron BOX and the property within ten foot of the building . in between this two , there be a stretch of complete darkness . bast , Warwick and keggins exit from the school with bat and club , only to be stop in they track by what they see ; the door on the iron BOX have be broken down ... WARWICK Holy shit ... he get out . bast check inside it anyway . Warwick step down and start to cross the backyard to the box when 0.s. - wolf growls in the darkness . Warwick freeze . bast and keggins raise they weapon . WARWICK what be that ? bast nothing ! go on ! bast and keggins watch as Warwick walk further than the illuminate ten foot from the building and enter the dark patch of yard ... 124 suddenly they here a growl . there be a blunt SOUND and then a tearing SOUND ... and then silence . bast and keggins can see nothing . but they be terrify . bast Warwick ?... go check it out . keggins fuck you . bast ram he bat into he stomach . - bast I say check it o- they hear a thump . bast and keggins look to see ; a human arm , tear from it 's body , have be thrown out of the dark . too paralyze to move , they stand and watch as ; slowly , out of the darkness , wolf emerge ~- he body completely cover in in hair , he mouth jamme with bloody tooth , he human form nearly indistinguishable . yet bast can recognize the old wolf in this monster and immediately fear retribution . Wolf lunge for the doorway . a true coward , bast shove keggins at Wolf and make he way into the school . keggins fall into wolf path and scream ... cut to : int . television studio / SOUND booth ~- same time . casey and Singer hear the screan . casey what be that ? Singer exit to investigate . CuT to : int . gardener' office - same time . Le Jack and gardener hear the scream . they pause over the open atla . suddenly , it sound like the entire school in scream . gardener what the hell 's go on ? 125 jack 's ( innocently ) - sound like the dining room . gardener grab he key . gardener you wait here ! he rush out of he office , close the door and lock it ! . CUT to : int . dine hall - same time . Singer enter the room which a mass of confusion and fear . tables be be overturn , boy and trample each other to escape . Singer try to take command . singer hey !... hey what be ... stop this ! kid run by . Singer grab one by the gut , but the kid be so scared he punch singer in the nose , cause it to bleed , and escape . the dining hall empty and Singer hear a scream . it be come from behind the two swinging door of the kitchen . he cross to see what 's happen . stop outside the door , he look through the small circular glass window . intercut - int . kitchen ; he see wolf cornere bast on a counter top . bast be brandish a cleaver . Wolf be growl . bast notice Singer through the window and cry out to hin . bast singer ... help !... get he ! wolf spin he head to the door singer turn white when he sees wolf face and teeth . Wolf growl as if to say , " I will deal with you next " . he turn back to bast . bast raise the cleaver but , wolf lunge like lightening , grab bast by the throat with he jaw .... the raise cleaver fall out of . the dead bast 's hand . Singer back away in horror . he turn and run smack into gardener . gardener what the hell 's happen ? 126 the kitchen door burst OPEN . = CUT to : int . gardener' office - same time . Jack have manage to remove the latin / dictionary and be carefully , but quickly translate the three word from the @ream that will lead he to the talisman . the dictionary lie open next the piece of paper with the three word . angle on a piece of paper and dictionary . the word fascinium , pene and theasarus .... Jack 's finger skim the F -word and stop when he - reach faccinium .... he read the definition aloud . jack fascinium .... amulet , lucky charm , ( then ) talisman . ext . school ground - night . all the boy have fle the building and be run towards the front gate . some boy be try to squeeze through the gate . other be climb the wall and cut themselves on the barb wire and they try to escape . curt to : corridor outside kitchen - the hallway be completely empty as the school empty out . gardener and singer be pile table and chair to block the now close kitchen door . Wolf be bang from the inside to get out . suddenly the banging stop . gardener and Singer stop to hear wolf running back , away from the door . they wait until they hear the crash of glass . gardener ° the kitchen ! he 's get out through the kitchen window .. you go lock the front entrance ... I will lock the back .. then come back to the basement . we will lock oursleve in . Singer run down the corridor to follow order . gardener begin to run in the opposite direction when he pass the doorway that lead back to the basement and he office . he look down the abandon hallway he must cross to get to the back door and get scared . he decide to abandon Singer and flee down 127 through the exit back to the basement . * back to : office - Jack finger find pene - he read the definition . jack " in the possession of " ... ( then read the third Word ) thesaurus ? he look confuse . he look over to a thesaurus and wonder if he should look in there for a clue , but suddenly get another idea .... he flip the Latin dictionary to the t-word . he hear gardener returning outside and run to the door with the chair he be tied up in , securingly it firmly under the knob . gardener unlock the door but can not get it ; gardener what ... OPEN this door you little fuck ... OPEN this door !... he bang on it . but Jack step back and return to the dictionary . intercut int . corridor outside office - same time . gardener bang the door , then decide to run across the hall and through the sound booth door . cut to : int . SOUND booth - same time . casey sit terrify in the booth as gardener enter and order ; gardener cut the power upstairs . what he can not see he can not find . casey who ? what 's go on - gardener just do it ! gardener grab the phone and call for help . 128 CuT to : int . corridor '' outside of kitchen - same time . Singer run back down the corridor after fulfil he task to the door lead to the basement . he turn the knob but find that it be locked .. singer no ... noooooo !!!.... he bang on the door until a 0.s. SOUND , like something fall on the floor , pull he attention ; Pov the corridor light go out , through the long hallway into darkness except for the moonlight streaming thrhough the tall victorian window . out of the semi - darkness , wolf begins to charge toward singer ... singer nwocococco060000 he turn and run in the opposite direction but the sound of Wolf be get closer and closer ... he run right up to the door he just locked frantically try to unlock they . behind he back we see wolf move out of the darkness . CUT to : ext . school - front door ~ same time . the impact of wolf killing singer cause the door to rupture off it's hinges . we see no blood or body . only the impact . cuT to : int . office - same time . Jack 's finger be skim the t-word when it hit upon thesaurus . he read ; jack store room . store house . c.u. on jack as he realize ; jack storage ... he remembers the word he and he mother have ; 129 jack ( v.0o . ) ... it 's in storage when we pack = up the encino house ... we entire life be in storage .. " lily ( v.0 . ) well when you turn eighteen you can put I in storage alone with the rest of the junk " at that moment , the door to the office burst OPEN . gardener stand there with casey hold one of the pews from the studio chapel . gardener rush in and pull Jack away from the desk , fling he against the wall . he open he desk drawer and pull out - the plane ticket and a gun . he put the ticket in he pocket and point the gun at Jack . he see the OPEN dictionary and ask angrily ; gardener what 's this ! a thumping be hear from upstairs as , 0.s. , wolf break down the door lead to the basement . gardener order casey . gardener [ we : pick he up . . 7 casey pick up Jack and hold he arm behind he back . ' gardener can you friend recognize you ? answer I ! jack I do not think so . I do not think it matter . gardener we will see . he motion for casey to walk in front of he , use Jack as a shield . they exit the office . CUT to ; int . hallway outside office ~ same time ... . they cross the hallway slowly , cautiously - face toward the staircase that descend from the first floor . they see and ~ hear nothing . gardener motion for they to enter the chapel . CuT to : 130 int . chapel - same time . except the thé one pew that be remove , everything still look like it be ready for broadcast . they enter from behind . up : ahead be the podium , in front of a giant gold cross . to the far leave of the podium be the glassed - in SOUND . booth . gardener lock the door behind they . he order Jack and casey ; gardener both of you , move this pews against the door . casey and Jack , at the end of a point gun , move the pews . Jack wince in pain from he burn hand . once secure , gardener interrogates . gardener you be lie to I about Oregon , be not you ? jack it 's all over gardener . you really think this will hold back Wolf ? gardener it will until the police arrive with they smke bomb and machine gun . ( Jack look worried ) he 's from over there , be not he ? isn 't he ? gardener stand with he back to the SOUND booth , but jack and casey can see ; the door inside the sound Booth slowly open . since the sound Booth be elevate a few foot above the chapel floor , they eye - view be only the top half of the booth . casey reverend .... do you lock the door to the booth ? gardener what be you talk about ? you be behind I , I think you di - ... crash . gardener spin around . the light in the SOUND booth be broken . it be black as night inside . gardener Quick . move the pews ! as 1 131 a casey move to obey but Jack remain still . - jack no ... ( gardener turn to he ) move ‘em yourself . enrage , gardener lift the gun to shoot at the same moment ; wolf explode through the glass of the SOUND booth . casey scream . jack run . gardener shoot after he but miss . wolf leap over each pew like a marathon runner . gardener turn around and shgot he , as wolf dive for he throat . jack woollf ! wolf freeze as gardener shoot he again . and again . and again . jack suddenly appear , leaping up onto gardener from behind - pulling at he hair and punching he face in FURY . gardener tries to AIM the gun at he to shoot . he fire and miss . they continue to struggle until we hear : a crunch . a gardener stand shocked and still . he look down . wolf have bitten into he stomach . jack slide from gardener' back . wolf bite through again . gardener scream in agony . wolf , holding tight to gardener' mid - section , rise to he hind legs , wipe he head and fling gardener like a rag doll at the altar . gardener' body hit the golden cross , smatter blood across . as he body hit , he arm fly OPEN in a momentary crucifixion pose , before he fall to the floor . Wolf collapse . we can already begin to see a change in he appearance ; the old wolf be returning , as the rage and madness leave he . Jack rush to he friend and cradle he head in he lap . : casey stand there in shock at what he 's just see . Jack look at he and yell ; Le Jack go on !.... get out of here ! casey be jolted and climb up into the sound booth to escape . at that moment , siren be heard from above as the police arrive . 132 lying in Jack 's arm , Wolf speak softly as he die . * wolf jack. shoot .... do he ....? jack no. no Wolf . he never get I . wolf I ...I...kept ...my...herd ... safe . jack ( cry ) - yes. you cid ... you sure do . you be a good ... old Wolf . wolf good ... good old Jack . go on . go. jack no ... not without you . wolf Wolf .... do not want to be in this world . smell .... smell too bad . jack Wolf listen .. I get a idea ... we .. wolf ( squeezing Jack 's hand ) Wolf .... Wolf love Jack . right here and now . jack . I love you too Wolf ... right here and now . wolf ( smile ) go back Jack . I can feel it . go back ... wolf hand slowly begins to fade from jack hand ... like a image in a daydream . jack i no ... no wolf .... please ... .4 ye wolf '' , wolf . .. love .... ja - ... \) wy jack ° woollff ... oh GOD ... wollff ... don't leave I alone ... please ... 133 '' no '' wolf fade away . all that be a bloody outline . Jack cry and hug himself on the floor . the bloody cross hang behind he on the wall . CUT to : ext . sunlight school - night . Police car and amublance surround the grounds . boy be be lead to safety . Police be take position with rifle and machine gun .... camera dolly back down the road to a limosine as it drive by . int . limosine - Morgan look through the window . see the chaos and the police , he urge he driver : morgan back up ! back up ! then turn around and take I back to the airport ! the limosine back out of frame . ext . airport - night . establish shot . int . gate 14 - night . Morgan ask the flight attendent . morgan Excuse I but I be travel with a companion and I be wonder if he check in yet . he 's suppose to be sit in the seat next to I . ( hand she he ticket ) the name be gardener . the attendent punch the name into the terminal and read , then ; attendent I be sorry . but Mr. gardener just call and transfer to ten-thirty flight . would you like to check in ? 134 Morgan be suspicious , not know what to think . he nod yes . * CUT to : ext . alhambra storage ; encino california - day . a cab pull up to the entrance . CUT to : int . cab ~ day . angle on ~- a wallet open . in it we can see the i.d. of sunlight gardener . jack bandaged hand pull out a fifty and hand it to the driver . we hear he say jack ( 0.s. ) keep it . driver ( 0.s. ) thanks . have a nice day . jack ( 0.s. ) I will try . as Jack 's body scoot over to exit the cab , camera pass by a newspaper lie on the backseat . the headline read ; tully keynote speaker slain in bizarre ritual killing ... in smaller bold face ; source Claim tully will withdraw from nomination as detail of hell school be revealed . cuut to : ext . alhambra storage - day . . '' ~ Jack stand before the storage building . he seed\the sign read alhambra ; close monday . he walk towards the for : t door , int . alhambra storage - day . jack fade into the scene , flipping bacr ’from the Territories to inside the storage house . he look around . he begin to walk . cur to : int . corridor of storage roo ! 135 Jack stand before a door marked " sawyer " . he look up with great reverence , as he do stand before he father 's study . _ he close he '' eye again . CUT to : int . storage room - day . the room be cramme with box , each label with magic marker write on the side . Jack do not know where to begin . he get a idea . he pull out he father' black book and open it to the first page . one the cover he read ; - jack '' when I be young I spake as a child .... I understand as a child . I think as a child ; but when I become a man , I put away childish thing . " he look up and realize . he begin to search for a particular box . he move frantically from one to the next - shove aside china , book , picture frame , bed linen .... until he come upon a box mark jack thing . he pull the box down to the floor . he open the box and the first thing he find be the little remote control taxi he know as a child . he put it . aside and take out some other artifact from he childhood - toy train , rubber ball , a etcha -sketch , old notebook , baseball card ... he stop . he see a SMALL , narrow item wrapped up in paper . he pick it up . on the side be scribble in a child 's handwrite daddy' pen . Jack unwrap the paper to reveal the beautiful gold pen he father be writing with the day he died . as Jack hold the pen , he sense something . he remember the passage he read with Wolf from the Book of good farming ; jack ( v.0 . ) ..- after twenty day in the blasted land , the Prince go forth unto alhambra and find what indeed he have be in search of . and a new destiny he wrote " . Jack flip to the last page of he father be book , which up to now have be recording he history as he 's experience it . he now read the only word on the page ; " and the Prince take the talisman ana wkote . cc ecerrvecccccveveceee '' 136 nothing more be there . carefully , Jack lift the pen and touch it to the page . bead of sweat gather on he forehead . the overwhelming pressure of have the power to write what fate will occur . jack I can not do this . I can not ... he walk to a window on the far side of the room . he look out the window as if search for some sign . he look across the street from the warehouse and see ; a run - down movie theatre call the alhambra . one the marquee it read ; lil '' cavanaugh double bill ..... the last slice and queen for a day . Jack smile . int . movie theatre - day . Jack , hold a tight grip on the pen and the book , find a seat in the dark . the theatre be empty except for one man sit a few row up front , he silhouette make visible by the screen . on screen ; queen for a day . the film lily receive she only nomination for . lily be dress like a poverty row inhabitant , down on she luck . she lie die in a hospital bed , play out she death scene with she handsome wealthy husband ... lily have you see the baby ? ( the husband nod cooly ) she 's get you eye . husband I be not so sure . lily please . please do not believe what they say . husband — ( angry ) well why should not I ? you disappear for month without a word . I find out you not the woman I think you be . ( '' se - pes | wt vey dl lily ( cry ) - yes I be . I the woman who fall in love with you . please . what happen before that ... why do it matter now ? we fall in love . why can not that just erase everything that come before it and start over . husband and what about after ? after we be marry ? lily you be the only man I be with . husband how do I know for sure ? lily ( suddenly angry herself ) well I guess you do not . I guess what I tell you do not matter anymore . do it ? suddenly , the scene change ; the scene be suddenly a mountainous plateau . on the other side of the mountain , it a glimmering blue ocean . facing the camera , be a man on a horse . the man speak ; morgan ( on screen ) jaasssoon ! jack slowly rise to he feet , realizing that this be no movie . the screen be now showing what be happening in the territories . the man in the front row rise and turn . it be " uncle " morgan . morgan hey jacky boy . whatcha get there ? Jack start to lose he breath . he start back up the aisle . morgan forget it kid . it 's over . you might as well give up . she 's dead . the screen image of morgan disappear and the movie return ; 138 . jack ( stop ) - what ? morgan she 's dead kid . she die in the hospital last night . I be right by she side . ( Jack be horrify ) her last word be of you . how painful it be that you be not there . Jack lower he hand . he do not know what to think . morgan let it go kid . it 's no use fight anymore . morgan eye the pen with great interest . c.u. on jack hand .... as we see that he be gradually releasing he grip on the pen . c.u. of morgan , as he smile ; c.u. of jack , as he look up to the screen ; '' queen for a day " be play , but with no sound . jack look up to he mother as she continue her death scene in bed . he see she mouth the word : lily do not believe they ... do not believe what they say ... c.u. on jack hand as he slowly tightens he grip on the pen he whisper to himself the word he mother once say ; jack it 's just a movie kid . Morgan 's expression change to one of fury and rage . he walk up the aisle toward Jack . as he doe , we see he transform into morgan of orris ... . morgan you have no power over I . there be magic . you have come all this way for nothing . for a pen that do nothing but write word . it be a fantasy . you have no power . 139 sack flip oopen the book . morgan stop . jack raise the pen . morgan cry ; morgan . no . Jack pause then calmly write as he speak ; jack morgan .... and all who follow he be .... dead . morgan - nnooocoococoocoocaaaaahhhhh morgan begins to " jellify " , as if he be be liquifying and become a amorphous , transparent viel ... he be then torn into a million piece as the theatre rumble and fade into . fade to ; ext . territories - day . atop the grand teton , which , in the Territories , be on the shore of a glimmering blue ocean . Jack stand with the Book of good farming in one hand and the pen in the other - the pen be now a beautiful jeweled piece , from it's point to it's stem . the Territories land be rich and fertile and full of color . Jack sit upon the ground and open the book to it 's back cover , a blank space upon which nothing be write . he write ; jack ( write ) " the mother be heal " . as he write these word , the page ignite and colored smoke rise from the FIRE . camera follows the smoke through the sunlit sky as we ; fade to ; ext . tented pavillion ; eastern territories - day . the attendent and priest around the maia LAURA be praying . she look on the brink of death - she body stiff and milk white . but then , suddenly , she open her eye and take a gulp of AIR as if arise from out of the sea ; 140 our world - int . hospital bed - day . lily , hook up to tube and oxygen tent , open her eye and begin to pull at everything attach to she . the nurse try to calm she but once she 's pull the tube from she nose and the mask off she face she say ' lily jack !.... jack ! she cry in joy but the nurse try to calm she . nurse calm down dear while I get the doctor . lily ( smile ) oh go to hell ! get my son ! where' my son ? ext . school - day . crowd of teenager be milling about as they head into school . among they be jack - now a confident thirteen year old . he have a benevolent face that exude both kindness and strength . as he enter the front door , he hear a boy crying 0.s. ; Jack stop and turn to see ; a smaller boy on the grounds beneath the stone step of the entrance . his shirt have be tear from he pants and he nose be bloody and he book lie on the ground around hin . Jack make he way down to the boy and ask ; jack hey what 's go on ? boy nothing . jack you a freshman . ( Boy nod ) come on ... I ' will take you to the boy 's room . you can get clean up . 141 boy no. I be go in there . - I hate this place . I can not do it . Jack , hearing he own voice in the boy , pick up the kid 's book and put a arm around he . as he walk he away , he say ; jack trust I kid . there be worse thing than high school . wide angle as Jack usher the boy through the two big door , behind which lie the darkness of the future . 142