untitled Anna Faris Bunny Project by Karen mccullah lutz & kirsten Smith revision by Allen covert current revision by Tom hertz and Adam sandler April 30 , 2007 ext . playboy mansion - day 1 the iconic playboy mansion in all its glory . peacock and flamingos wander amongst topiary celebrate the female form . two hummingbird feed off the ' nipple 's of a pair of topiary breast . ext . mansion pool - day 2 a lagoon - like oasis where beautiful blond frolic and splash as admire man watch . we follow a shirtless butler carry a tray of cocktail . he pass adam levine from maroon 5 who sit on the diving board play a acoustic version of " this love " , entertaining the lady . adam levine ( sing ) " I have no choice , ' cause I will not say goodbye any more -- " a nearby girl wear a oversize T-shirt hear the song . she drift toward the music as if in a trance , stripping off she shirt to reveal she tiny bikini . scott caan do a run cannon - ball into the pool , splash the girl . girl ( whiny ) Scott ! you be get we wet ! scott caan hey dad , do you see how big that splash be ? jame caan be loung by the pool surround by young girl . jame caan yeah Scott , that 's just great . ( back to girl ) anyway , then Francis Ford coppola say ' Jimmy , you should direct the godfather . after all , you write it .' and I say , ' no Francis , why do not you do it . 's it feel good to give the kid a break . the girl all react , impressed . then we see hugh hefner be interview . interviewer so hef , as far as woman go , do you have a ' type 's ? hef a type ? no , I would not say I have a ' type 's . wide to reveal hef be surround by he three nearly identical buxom blond . hef ( cont 'd ) as long as a woman be beautiful on the inside , that 's what count . ( notice ) speak of ... we see shelley darlington , 29 , blonde , beautiful , tan , adorably wide - eye . sweet and bubbly , she radiate optimism and good cheer . hef ( cont 'd ) there 's my shelley . shelley hi , hef ! hef ( to interviewer ) shelley darlington , she 's live here at the mansion for almost ten year . she 's one of my favorite . shelley smile , but at one end of the line of hef 's girl a bunny glare at shelley , obviously jealous of she relationship with hef . this be cassandra , 20 's , a hot Bunny with a ego as big as she boob . shelley you be so sweet to I hef , but all the girl here be great . hef and you be like they mama bear , take care of they all . hef 's girl all smile , cassandra just roll she eye in disgust . ext . mansion - pool - moment later 3 shelley be tread water when suddenly Scott caan swim up . scott caan when be you gonna let I steal you away from this place , shelley ? shelley do not be silly . why would anyone ever leave the mansion ? scott caan good point . hey Levine , how about a chicken fight ! adam levine you just sign you death warrant , caan . Adam Levine ditch he guitar and dive in . Scott caan dive under and surface under shelley and lift she up on he shoulder . shelley oh , my gosh ! I love riding bareback . Adam Levine come up under .. cassandra ( to shelley ; a little too intense ) you be goin ' down ... scott caan take she , shelley . shelley I do not want to chicken fight , I be a vegetarian ... scott caan it 's not fight , it 's just fun . cassandra grab shelley 's head roughly and shove she back , shelley topple with a splash . she bob back up , drench and disorient . shelley do we win ? ext . mansion - pool —- moment later 4 close on a freeze cocktail be pour into a glass . we pull back to see shelley , now dry , surround by ador men as marvin , the handsome shirtless butler from before , refill they drink . shelley thank you , marvin . you make the best margaritas . marvin that 's cuz this be mangorita . I invent they myself . shelley wow , they taste so much better when you spell it that way . be not this the best mangoritas guy ? the man -- aging lothario -- grunt in agreement . the cowboy stare at she boob . cowboy not as good as the scenery , but I will drink ‘em . shelley look behind she . shelley oh , you like the waterfall ? cowboy no , darlin ' , I be talk about you te-taas . shelley ( deeply touch ) they be two year old on Friday . cassandra come walk over . cassandra shelley why be you keep all the rich good look guy to yourself ? I think you should introduce I . shelley of course . this be cassandra she 's only be here a few month , but everybody love she because she be super beautiful and she never throw up on anyone when she 's drunk . the man all nod in admiration . cassandra look disgust . potbelly so , tell we , shelley , how do a girl become a Bunny ? shelley well , when I be a senior in high school , my guidance counselor say he know the perfect job for I . so he take a picture of I in my bikini and send it to the magazine . the next thing I know , I be in LA shaking hand with Hugh hefner ! and he tell I I do not have to live in a foster home anymore . I could live here and have a whole new family ! so , here I be . combover be you a centerfold ? cassandra ( catty ) she wish . shelley yeah , I do so cross you finger , hopefully hef might give I good news at my birthday party this weekend ... ( sotto ; excited ) I have my turn - on ready and everything . potbelly and what might that be ...? shelley tanning , give backrub , convertible , and rude people . ( beat , then ) no , wait , rude people be a turn - off . I be such a yummy dummy . cassandra true that . shelley be a centerfold be the high , most prestigious honor there be . it say '' I be naked in the middle of the magazine ; unfold I . '' potbelly I suppose it 's kinda like the Nobel '' piece of ass '' Prize . they laugh hysterically . shelley look confuse . potbelly put he arm around she and give she a squeeze . potbelly ( cont ’d ) ( continue ) well , darlin' , seem like you have get a pretty good life here . shelley beam , dreamily . shelley it 's paradise -- ext . prive salon - day 5 credit roll and " big pimpin ' " by jay Z plays , as a limo pull up , disgorge a bevy of bunny , shelley happily lead the way . int . prive salon - day 6 we track down a row of salon chair fill with bunny be beautify . Hair be bleach and blow . extension be attach . make - up be apply . unwanted hair be wax . ext . mansion / lawn - day 7 shelley lead the girl in yoga on the lawn . she move into the downward dog position , all the girl follow . a bunch of gardener stop what they be do to jostle for position behind the girl to stare . ext . dental / teeth whitening office - day 8 all of the girl exit the with big clean smile . they excitedly check out each other tooth and look at they own in little compact mirror . they all hi-five each other ext . mansion / zoo - day 9 the girl be feed the animal in they bikinis . one of the monkey rip a girl bikini top off . the topless girl cover she boob so the monkey can not see they and everyone laugh . a girl monkey come out and smack the rapist monkey . 10 int . trendy boutique - day 10 the bunny pull skimpy clothes off the rack as they be attend to by eager saleswoman . shelley step out of the dress room in a adorably slutty cocktail dress , twirling with delight . cassandra I love that dress . too bad it 's the last one . shelley it be ? then you should take it . the salesgirl pull a red version of the dress off of the rack . saleswoman here it be in red . shelley ( excitedly ) yay ! we can be different color twin ! cassandra ( not excited ) great . they all walk over to the counter with arm full of clothes manager we will put this on the mansion tab and have it all send over this afternoon . shelley be not we the luckiest girl in the world ? manager yes . you be . 11 int . mansion - night 11 shelley 's massive birthday party be in full swing . everyone be dress as pirate . marvin the butler wheel in a huge cake that say ' happy birthday shelley 's . shelley make a silent wish , then she blow the candle out and everyone go nut . 12 13 14 int . mansion - later that night 12 the bunny be on the dance floor and shake they money - maker amidst a crowd of admirer . a waitress arrive with a tray of kamikaze shot . the bunny clink , drink and continue dance . shelley , in the center of it all , be have the time of she life , as we dissolve to -- ext . mansion - morning 13 a new day at the mansion . int . shelley' mansion room - day 14 decorate with photo from nine year of mansion festivity . her bunny ear be on a special shelf , light like a oscar . shelley sleep , hugging pooter , she cranky white himalayan cat . marvin ( shirtless ) enter with a breakfast tray . marvin you blueberry french toast be ready , shelley . he set they gently on the foot of the bed as she awaken with a happy smile . shelley ooh , laa laa ... thank you , marvin . be that the best party last night or what ? marvin the best . shelley see a envelope on she breakfast tray . shelley what 's that ? marvin it 's from Mr. hefner . shelley ( excited ) it be ? it must be my birthday present ! be it finally happen ? be I miss November ? that 's what I wish for when I blow out my candle ... ( with sudden dread ) ( more ) shelley ( cont 'd ) oh my G -d ! I tell you my wish . now it 's not go to come true ! ( to envelope ) I be sorry ! I do not mean to tell ! marvin just open the envelope . she place the envelope over she heart and shut she eye . shelley ( continue ) okay , I be ready . she open it and read aloud . shelley ( cont ’d ) ( continue ) " dear , shelley - - " oh , my G -d , that 's I ! " please move out of the mansion immediately . " she frown , grow concerned , but keep read . shelley ( cont ’d ) ( continue ) " you have two hour to collect you belonging and leave the premise . " ( to marvin ) hef 's kick I out ? why would he do that ? this be my home ! this be my family ! her big blue eye fill with tear . marvin feel bad . marvin I hate to have to tell you this , but maybe it 's because of you age . shelley but I be 27 ! marvin ( shrugging ) that 's fifty - nine in Bunny year . shelley frown , try to do the math . shelley maybe if I just talk to hef , he will let I stay . 15 16 10 . marvin Mr. hefner leave for Las Vegas this morning . I do not think he 's that great with good - by . shelley start to cry . marvin ( cont 'd ) how bout I make you one last mangorita for old time sake ? int . shelley' room - day 15 shelley sob and sip she last mangorita as she pack . pooter watch disgruntled from he perch . shelley do not worry , pooter . we will find a new place to live . it will not have coconut pancake or poledance lesson or firework on pamela Lee 's birthday ... but we will survive . somehow . pooter highly doubt this . ext . mansion driveway - day 16 shelley stand in the driveway with pooter stare at a rusty Honda Accord . marvin carry out she bag . shelley where 's my pink prius ? marvin that car belong to the company . this be the car you come here with . he put she suitcase in the back . she sigh and get in , start it . she see pooter sit on the driveway , shelley c'mon , pooter . we have to find a new place to live . pooter do not budge . marvin here let I help . 17 11 . marvin pick up pooter but as he get closer to the car pooter start freaking out . the harder he try to put she in the car the more she dig she claw into he bare chest . finally he give up and stand there with the cat cling to he chest . marvin ( cont 'd ) she 's seem a little nervous . why do not I keep she here for a few day till she calm down . shelley okay . do not worry pooter I 'il get we a nice place to live . we pull out from the Oklahoma license plate to see the Accord put out of the mansion driveway , backfire . through the back window , we see pooter run back inside as quickly as possible . marvin stand in the driveway wave good bye with giant scratch all over he chest . int . trendy boutique - day 17 shelley cry as she shop -- retail therapy . shelley hold up a dress . shelley will this make I look young ? young saleswoman absolutely . the salesperson take the dress to the counter and ring it up . young saleswoman ( cont ’d ) will that be cash or charge ? shelley ( confuse ) oh , just put it on my tab . young saleswoman the mansion call this morning and you do not have a tab anymore . shelley look shocked as the woman take the dress away . shelley make a helpless little whimper noise . CUT to : 18 19 int . prive salon - day 12 . 18 shelley walk up to the reception desk , still tear-stain . shelley Jean - Michelle , can you please tell svetlana I need to be exfoliate immediately ? ( lean in and whisper ) I be a old hag . jean-michelle I be so sorry , shelley . but the mansion call and you be no longer a Bunny and therefore -- no longer can we fix you face . shelley 's make a louder whimper noise . ext . prive salon - day - moment later 19 shelley hand she ticket to the valet , jorge . he hold out he hand . jorge ( continue ) that will be $ 7.50 . shelley for what ? jorge for parking . shelley but parking be free . jorge not if you be no longer Bunny . shelley be crestfallen . her world have spun off its start cry . shelley but -- what be I suppose to do ? axis . she 13 . jorge ( be the money ) look , I can not stand to see a woman cry , so how about this -- flash I you boob and you do not have to pay . shelley jorge ! jorge okay , just one boob . ( off she look ) hey , it be worth a shot . you know what you need to do ? shelley what ? jorge get a job . shelley look confuse . jorge ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) what be you skill ? other than be pretty . she think . shelley I can twirl a baton ... I can play roller- blade volleyball ... I can spell almost every word I know , except for mononucleosis -- jorge frown , interrupt she . jorge do you know how to carry a tray ? shelley oh , my g-d ! yes ! be that a job ? jorge my cousin be a busboy . let I make a telephone call . CUT to : 20 21 14 . int . IHOP - night 20 shelley , in a polyester IHOP uniform , sit in a booth with a Korean family . she be in the middle of a story . the family look confuse and a little scared . shelley so then marvin the butler say that I have to leave because I be too old . it 's all be really heartbreaking . the Korean grandmother chime in . korean grandma where Silver dollar pancake ? shelley um , I know , right . Excuse I ! can we see the manager . the manager come over to the table . shelley ( cont ’d ) could you see what 's up with this guy pancake and can you also bring I a chocolate shake ? the manager remove he hat and put on a Donald trump wig . manager you be fire . CUT to : ext . IHOP parking lot / int . shelley' car - night 21 shelley sit in she car , she look at a picture of pooter that be hang from she rearview mirror . shelley I know it 's embarrassing to get fire after twenty minute and to live in a beat up Honda Accord , but do not lose faith pooter . I will get a great job soon and then a super place for we to live . ( start sobbing ) ( more ) 22 23 24 25 15 . shelley ( cont 'd ) I pinky promise pooter .... pink prius play pattycake pronto . CUT to : ext . mattress discounters - day 22 shelley walk in , pass the " help want " sign in the window . int . mattress discounters - day 23 shelley , wear a sexy sun dress and a nametag , sit on a bed . she attempt to assist a old couple as they choose a mattress . shelley I use to live with a man you age and he like he mattress super , super firm . like this one . you could put a drink on here and it would not spill . she climb on and begin jump up and down . every time she jump she skirt lift up show she underwear . old man now that 's what I be talk about . as shelley continue to jump , the old woman fume . old woman no one want to see you lady garden , missy ! the old man protest as he wife grab he by the ear and drag he out of the store . ext . mattress store - day 24 as shelley exit the help wanted sign go back up in the window . ext . scott caan' house - night 25 the door open a crack revealing Scott caan . he look out at a downtrodden shelley on he door step . scott caan shelley ? 26 16 . shelley hey , Scott ! remember how you say you want to steal I away from the mansion ? well , here I be ! scott caan oh , uh , yeah . actually , I be here with my girlfriend -- he open the door a crack wider and we see he girlfriend -- a six - foot - tall glamazon who look like she could kick the shit out of both of they . scott caan ( cont ’d ) ( continue ) -- so I can not really lend you that book you be look for . but , thanks for stop by . he shut the door in she face . shelley ( to herself ) what book ? behind the close door we hear the girlfriend yell . glamazon g-ddamnit , Scott . what be you , a frickin ' library ? int . shelley' car / beverly hill STREET - night 26 shelley prepare to sleep in she car , still full of all she belonging . shelley cry , distraught , as she brushes she tooth . she rinse with diet Coke . she spit she toothpaste out the window , then close it . a moment later , a knock startles she . she roll the window back down to find a cop hold out a ticket . cop ma'am , you just violate code 753 . unlawful spitting . shelley but , I be just brush my tooth -- cop ( peer inside ) be you reside in this car , mar 'am ? ( more ) 27 17 . cop ( cont 'd ) I be go to have to give you another ticket and ask you to move it . shelley sigh and go to start the engine . he stare shelley would you maybe stop give I ticket if I tell you I be have a really bad week because I use to be a playboy Bunny but I get kick out of the mansion because I be fifty - nine year old ? at she for a beat . cop ma'am , step out of the car . I be go to have to ask you to take a breathalyzer . she get out of the car . shelley a what ? cop I need you to blow on this . shelley do not look at the breathalyzer in he hand she just sigh and bend toward he crotch . shelley alright ... CUT to : int . jail cell - night 27 shelley sit forlornly in a cell full of prostitute . trashy prostitute you try to do what ? to a cop ? shelley but I be not a prostitute . I be just brush my tooth ... trashy prostitute you call it what you like , baby . 28 29 18 . chubby prostitute do not worry , sweetie , first - timer only get one night . tall prostitute yeah , you will be back on the street in no time . shelley you know , you should go with a more natural look . all that heavy make - up be just hide you G -d give beauty . tall prostitute ( sudden deep voice ) I be a dude . shelley oh . then you be good like that . ext . jail build - westwood - day 28 shelley , make - up smear , walk down the jail step . at a newsstand , shelley see playboy magazine on display . she look at it longingly , and as shelley wipe away a tear , she see a group of happy , shiny blonde college girl . they laugh together the way she use to laugh with the bunny . drawn as if to the mother - ship , she follow they as they walk down the street . tall blonde girl ( continue ) do you hear about the pool party at jordan' ? short blonde girl he make the best margaritas . he use mango . shelley 's eye light up . ext . westwood STREET - day 29 the girl round a corner . shelley do as well take she first step onto -- 30 31 19 . ext . ucla greek row - day 30 a tree -line street fill with large , stately sorority and fraternity house . guy play frisbee . Girls sunbathe on the lawn . barbecues be underway . shelley take this in with wide - eye wonder . shelley it 's just like a bunch of little mansion ! she hurry to catch up with the girl , follow they toward the phi mu house -- the biggest and prettiest of they all . int . phi mu house - day 31 tastefully decorate and fill with happy blond . shelley enter and look around , out of place in she skimpy outfit next to the preppier college girl . ashley , 21 , the phi mu President walk up , perfect and perky . ashley can I help you ? shelley yes . I would like to live here , please . ashley ( sweetly ) well ... you have to be ask to live here . she look shelley up and down . ashley ( cont 'd ) do you go to this school ? shelley look around . shelley this be a school ? where be the desk ? ashley ( still sweetly ) no , this be a sorority house at a school . and you do look like a older sluttier version of the type of girl we would want , but I be sorry you be not a student . it be so nice talk to you . 32 20 . Ashley turn and walk away . shelley but I really -- ashley so nice . Ashley exit . shelley start to leave , disappointed , when she spot -- int . phi mu house - parlor - day 32 a group of sixty - something women , talk amongst themselves . sigma kappa housemother I love what you have do with the live room . the doily be exquisite . phi mu housemother thank you . I make they myself . I feel every detail in the house should be a reflection of the girl who live here . shelley enter , confuse . shelley if I be fifty - nine you guy must be two hundred and seventy . phi mu housemother what 's that ? shelley nothing , do you guy go to school here too ? the woman stare at she . phi mu housemother ( coldly ) not anymore . we be housemother for the sorority on campus . shelley that 's so dope . and you live in the house with the girl ? sigma kappa housemother yes. 21 . shelley that 's even dopier . what 's a housemother do ? tri sig housemother we oversee meal plan , chaperone the social event , make sure the girl stay out of trouble ... ( roll she eye to the other ) which be a full - time job in itself - shelley gasp . shelley oh , my gosh , that 's what I use to do at the mansion . it 's the perfect job for I . can I be one too ? the particularly bitchy phi mu housemother , 60 , look she over . phi mu housemother I be sorry , but this be a sorority not a brothel . we have standard ; standard that you clearly do not meet . but it be so nice to meet you . shelley what 's a brothel ? someone who make soup ?... all the housemother so nice . the phi-mu housemother get up and leave as the other follow she . the sigma kappa housemother lag behind and take pity on shelley . sigma kappa housemother try Zeta . they last housemother be hospitalize for schizophrenia and hallucination . shelley perk up . shelley awesome ! 33 34 22 . ext . phi mu house - day 33 shelley walk out of phi mu , stop a pass sorority girl . shelley Excuse I , can you tell I where Zeta be ? the girl point to a house down the street . shelley turn to see -- the zeta house . peel paint . dilapidate porch . Brown lawn . shelley look disappointed for a moment , then steel she resolve and march down the street . ext . zeta house - day 34 shelley check she makeup in a compact mirror , make sure she have nothing in she tooth and walk up to the door and knock . as she knock , the Z in " zta " fall off and smashes on she head knock she to the ground . the door open and we see Maria , 21 , smart - girl type , with a phone in she hand . she see shelley lay on the porch and rush to she side . maria oh my G - D . be you okay ? shelley lift she head look a little more daze than usual . shelley I be so sorry . I break you Z. maria it 's not you fault . it fall off every time we open the door . she toss the piece of the Z into a bush . shelley ( look up ) at least you still have T and A. shelley offer a high five . Maria stare at she . maria who be you ? shelley pop up off the ground , practically explode with enthusiasm . 23. shelley my name be shelley and I be here to be you housemother ! maria well it 's nice to meet you shelley but it 's too late . shelley oh , no ! do you hire someone else ? maria ( help shelley up ) no . it 's just that we may lose we charter , and if we do not have a house , we wont be need a housemother . shelley why be they go to take you house away ? maria well ... because we do not get enough pledge and everyone think we be loser . shelley that 's so sad . why do everyone else get pledge . maria uh , they have great party and they be popular and boy want to date they . shelley perk up . shelley I be a expert at party and boy ! I be a Bunny ! Men write to I from prison ! sometimes in they own blood ! Maria frown . maria a Bunny ? like a centerfold ? shelley ( blush ) bless you heart -- no , just a couple of small pictorial . ( more ) 35 24 . shelley ( cont 'd ) Girls of the Midwest , Girls of Starbucks , Girls of Charlie sheen . ( then ) but now I be homeless . maria I be so sorry . good luck . she head inside and start to shut the door . shelley wait -- I can help you ! Maria shut the door . shelley sigh and start back down the walkway . she stop and look at the guy hang around phi mu and the other sorority . shelley ( cont ’d ) so they want to be popular and have boy want they ... int . zeta house - day 35 Maria shut the door and turn around to find mona , 21 , a heavily pierce feminist with a shave head . she be read a piece of paper and wear a T-shirt that say '' legalize castration '' . mona so if we do not get thirty pledge we lose we charter ? maria which also mean goodbye zeta . harmony , 21 , a make - up free hippy chick in a poncho , overhear . harmony but I plan on have a drum circle in the backyard for the summer solstice . maria I need to worry about get thirty pledge right now , harmony . not the three stoner who might show up for you bongo party . mona thirty pledge ? but there 's only fourteen of we . 36 25 . harmony fourteen and a half . harmony point at becky , a eight - month pregnant girl . becky actually fourteen and three quarter as of last week . maria they know we be never go to get that many pledge . it 's just they way of shutting we down . joanne , 21 , wear a large scoliosis brace , walk up , upset . joanne you guy , this be so awful .. maria I know. ( notice ) you have get some refrigerator magnet on you brace again . Maria pull the magnet off joanne 's brace . joanne oh my g-d ... joanne be look out the front window . joanne ( cont 'd ) there be boy on the lawn . we lawn . on the front lawn several boy have drift over to see shelley , who be do yoga in her bikini . we see even more guy approach . harmony be they lose ? joanne I do not think so . ext . zeta yard 36 shelley continue with she pose as guy linger . the Zeta girl all come out of the house to investigate . a hot guy in a lacrosse shirt approach shelley . 26 . hot guy hey , be you a Zeta ? shelley look to Maria , then shelley I wish . hot guy I do too . cuz Zeta would be my new favorite hizzity hang . Maria step to the front of the pack of Zetas . maria she 's not a Zeta . she 's we new hizzity housemother . she ’1ll be hizzity here all the tizzity time . hot guy ( horny ) ooh , that 's tight . all the guy on the lawn nod in agreement . 37 int . zeta house - live room - day 37 the girl of Zeta -- a motley crew of 14 various misfit -- sit on ratty couch stare at shelley as she greet everyone with unbridle enthusiasm . shelley oh my gosh , you guy ! I be so happy you want I here ! you will not be sorry ! hey -- let 's have a pillow fight ! shelley grab a pillow and hit Tanya ( a 21 year old little person ) who roll hard from the pillow blow into a wall . shelley give a whoopsie look . mona be appal . mona this be how we be go to get pledge ? by hire a archaically superficial reflection of the male fantasy ? shelley smile and wave , pleased by this " compliment " . 27 . maria exactly -- guy like she , mona . and if you have not notice , guy do not like we . tanya get up off the floor point to the pregnant girl . tanya apparently some guy like Becky . the girl all laugh . Becky do a goofy dirty dance move . harmony so , in order to be a sisterhood , now we have to be " popular " ? maria no . in order to keep we house we have to be popular . maybe shelley can teach we how . the girl start talk among themselves . shelley raise she hand . shelley okay , look -- let 's put a pin in the pillow fight , for now . and do not get I wrong , I love boy . but I live in a house full of girl for nine year and I know there be nothing more fun than be with you sister , share , talk all night , body painting , and baking penis cookie . the girl stare at she . carrie mae , 21 , a heavy big toothe farm girl in jeans and a sleeveless T-shirt , take the toothpick out of she mouth . carrie mae where in tarnation do you live ? shelley the playboy mansion . carrie mae jiminy cricket ! the girl react . lilly a shy English girl whisper in Maria 's ear . 38 28 . maria no , that do not make she a hooker lilly . lilly turn bright red and run out of the room . int . shelley' zeta room - day 38 Maria lead a bewilder shelley into a small room behind the kitchen . maria okay , this be you room . here 's the key . shelley set she bag down on the bed and hold the key over she heart . shelley thank you so much , Maria . I promise you I be go to help Zeta tit and ass become the best sorority ever ! maria actually , it 's Zeta tau Alpha . they're Greek letter . shelley oh my g-d , I meet the King of Greece once at the mansion ! we should invite he to the next party ! he 's really furry but a super good dancer . maria well if it will help we get pledge invite all the king you want . carrie mae enter with a tool box . carrie mae well , mar ’am I do not know about the other girl but I be glad you here cuz we get some stuff that need fix . shelley do not you have a smelly Russian man who come and fix thing and hug you a lot ? 39 40 29 . carrie mae we do not have a pot to pee in . the smelly Russian man be you . off of shelley 's look . CUT to : int . bathroom - day 39 shelley walk out of a stall with the plunger stick to she bare midriff . there be a expression of bewilderment on she face . she look to harmony for help . shelley be there instruction for this thing ? harmony roll she eye , grab hold of the plunger and start pull . it finally break free send she sprawling . shelley look at the round mark on she stomach . shelley ( cont ’d ) hey , that thing eat my belly ring . int . kitchen - later 40 shelley be open and close the lid of the garbage can . mona walk in and stare at she in disbelief . shelley turn to she . shelley this be not break . mona ( point to the sink ) the garbage disposal , Bunny . shelley walk over to the sink and look in it . she look to mona . shelley what 's the matter with it ? mona I do not know , look and see . as shelley look in the hole mona flip the switch and a stream of ground up garbage shoot out cover shelley 's face . shelley pull a completely mangle spoon out of she mouth . 4l 42 30 . shelley I find the problem . mona you be so vapid . shelley you be like the hundredth person who 's tell I that . thank you . int . zeta hallway - later 41 we see a topless shelley from behind , walk out of the bathroom , freshly shower . towel around she head and towel around she waist . as she walk down the hall we see the Zeta 's diving back in they room in shock and embarrassment . lilly the shy English girl actually faint . Maria round the corner , read a letter . shelley afternoon , Maria ! Maria look up and reel back at shelley 's toplessness . maria shelly ! where 's you robe ? shelley oh , I just like to air dry . maria I do not think half the girl here have see they own body naked they certainly want to see you perfectly engineered boob . Maria take off she jacket and put it over she . shelley I be just walk around in the body gad and Dr. Silver give I . maria come with I . we have work to do . int . maria' room - day 42 shelley , now dress , sit down on Maria 's bed , all business . Maria hold up the letter . 31 . maria we have twenty - eight day before national headquarters show up with a for sale sign . shelley you need 30 pledge ? how many do you get last year ? maria one . but she get transgender surgery and move to the boy ' dorm . technically , Bob be still a Zeta but she 's not allow to live here with a weiner . she point to the Zeta composite picture where we see bob in the bottom corner -- a hulk , angry - look , extremely masculine girl . shelley well , this year , we be go to get lot and lot of pledge ! the kind that do not want testicles . they own , I mean . shelly laugh really hard at this cute joke . Maria wave the letter she be read . maria we also need to raise money for we philanthropy . we be the only chapter that do not meet the fund - raise requirement . shelley what 's a philacanopee ? maria philanthropy . it 's like a charity . shelley I love do charity . one time at the mansion I even let Gary coleman grind on I during a slow dance . maria look , rush start in three week . here 's some idea I come up with that might make we popular . she hand shelley a list . 32 . shelley ( read ) " host a ' CSI ' night . start a bee - keep club . have a googlefest . b.y.o.m. bring you own man ? maria bring you own mouse . shelley try to be excited , but be in fact , quite worried . shelley oh , wow -- this be super , super good idea . but we might want to do something a little more -- sexy ? CUT to : 43 ext . zeta front yard - day 43 all fourteen Zetas stand outside in baggy t-shirt and sweatpant -- stare in absolute horror . harmony be she serious ? mona I be so offended right now . the object of they scorn be -- shelley , stand next to a sign that say '' Zeta car wash '' in skimpy bikini bottom and a tank top , hose in hand , sexily sudsing up she own car . shelley c'mon girl , wash car be a fun and sexy way to raise money . she undulate with the hose as the girl look on , horrify . Maria implore they . maria just give it a chance -- joanne ( be she brace ) I can not bend that way . plus if my brace get wet it could rust . the girl laugh . so do joanne . maria see ? we be already have fun . 33 . shelley wave to some pass boy . shelley hi , boy ! one of they be colby , 21 , smokin ' hot . Maria eye he with terrify lust . maria ( sotto ) oh , my g-d ! that 's colby ! I love he ! what do I do ? shelley do sexy ! as the boy near , shelley milk it even more , put on a act for they benefit . shelley ( cont ’d ) ( continue ) wash that car , you sexy bitch ! mona do she just call we bitch ? tonya do she just call we sexy ? a few of the girl be try halfheartedly to get involved , Becky have wad over to the bucket but can not bend over she pregnant belly to get a sponge out . carrie mae keep spitting she chew tobacco on the car window and scrub aggressively at a birdshit stain .. it be not have the effect that shelley want so she turn the hose on herself , dousing she chest with water . shelley uh oh , look -- wet T-shirt . the guy get psyched . Maria pick up a hose and try to emulate she . maria and wet pants ! Maria squirt herself in the crotch , but ala , she do not look sexy . she look like she 's peed herself . shelley oopsie . someone go accident in she sexy pants . 34 . colby avert he gaze and turn back to shelley . colby yeah . anyway , we be have some drink over at theta chi later . wanna come over ? shelley well , we be a little thirsty ... she drink suggestively from the hose , then hold it out to colby . shelley ( cont ’d ) ( continue ) wanna sip ? colby sure . he bend closer to take a sip as -- nearby , mona crank up the faucet so colby be blasted in the face with water . he jump back , now soak , as mona crack up . Maria rush toward he with a towel . maria be you okay ? he take the towel and give mona a dirty look . mona hit back with a ' bring it on look . 's shelley try to save the day . shelley so , what time should we come over for drink ? colby now that I think about it , the guest list be pretty full . maybe next time . the guy walk off as Maria watch in despair . mona ( to the Zetas ) I think we be do here '' sexy bitch '' . they all go back in the house . maria ( to shelley ) I better go talk to they -- 35 . she follow , deject . shelley be leave alone . then , she 's see a good look guy stapling a flier to a telephone pole . it 's oliver , 30 's , shy and cute . as he walk over to he car shelley call out to he . shelley hi . do you need a car wash ? Oliver look around to confirm shelley be talk to he . oliver I ? oh , uh no , I gotta get back to work . shelley oh . I be at work right now . oliver you wash car ? shelley no , I be the Zeta sorority housemother . Oliver approach shelley . oliver really ? you seem too young to be a housemother . shelley ( excited ) really ? you think I be young ? oliver yeah . shelley how sweet . what 's you job ? oliver I manage a nursing home . shelley oh , it 's so great you give nurse a place to live . oliver actually it 's a home for senior citizen . you know , old people . 44 36 . shelley I know lot of old man . hairy and not hairy . oliver well , I have to get go . Oliver hand she one of the flier he be put up . oliver ( cont 'd ) if you ever want to stop by the nursing home we always need volunteer to help out and visit with the senior . shelley ( look at flier ) thanks . I be shelley . I like long walk and I hate rude people . oliver ( laugh ) cool . I be Oliver . they shake hand warmly , then Oliver go to he car and drive off . shelley look at he flier , she face light up as she get a idea . int . zeta live room - day 44 Maria be in the midst of a argument with the other girl . shelley enter from the yard , still in she bikini . shelley ( continue ) you guy , I just have the best idea for we philanthropy . we be go to volunteer at Oliver 's nursing home . maria who 's Oliver ? shelley they guy I just meet . maria you see ? shelley know how to meet guy , and if guy be hang out with we , more girl will want to , hence , more pledge . a moment , the girl she meow . 37 . then ... harmony volunteer at a nursing home seem like a nice thing to do . murmur in agreement , except ... mona that place smell funny . like boil chicken and pee . maria too bad , we be do it . shelley that 's so great ! l let 's get all dress up and go to a nightclub and have fruity drink and dirty dance with each other ! carrie mae for what ? shelley we need to bond ! we be sister ! at the mansion we bond all the time and everyone love we and we have lot of friend . and once , a psychic come over and tell I that my cat pooter and I be cousin in a past life which totally make sense because I can do this -- the girl stare at she . joanne why do you tell we that ? shelley I do not know . I just like that story . maria I think what shelley be try to say be that we should go out and have some fun . pledge like fun . becky I like fun ... joanne I , too . 38 . tonya ( try to do shelly ) meow . becky it be five dollar pitcher night at the think tank ... shelley put she arm around Becky . shelley come on , who 's with we ? harmony I have be boycot that place but I can not remember why so I guess we could go . mona roll she eye and hold up a textbook . mona I have more important thing to do . maria I think it 's the perfect place for you to find a thesis topic for you gender relation class . mona ( think for a beat ) okay . but that 's the only reason I be go . carrie mae ( read a text from she phone ) lilly say to have fun but she have to stay and clean the closet . a closet door open a crack and a hand wave goodbye . 45 int . college dive bar - night 45 hot drunken college kid eye each other , try to figure out who they be go to shag . bad karaoke be go on in the corner as some frat guy sing gun and rose . the Zetas look a bit uncomfortable . a bartender pour they a round of kamikaze shot . shelley take one and hold hers up . shelley to Zeta ! here 's to make you the best sorority ever ! 39 . they all do a shot ( Becky go to but Maria grab it from she ) . shelley spot a guy stare at mona 's facial hardware in horrify fascination . shelley ( cont ’d ) ( continue ) mona , that guy 's check you out . Flirt with he ! mona look over and sidle up to the guy nervously . mona hi . guy at bar I be go fishing tomorrow . can I borrow some of you face lure . mona bite he as he scream and run away . shelley point out another guy to carrie mae . shelley ooh , there 's a big box of cutesicle -- carrie mae check he out , then walk over , lean back on the bar in what she think be a seductive pose . carrie mae Excuse I . you know where the shitter be ? I gotta take a horse dump like you would not believe . the guy bolt . repulsed . carrie mae call out to he . carrie mae ( cont 'd ) it 's not like I farted ! shelley frown . shelley we might need to work on you talk to people skill . Ashley , the phi mu President , and courtney , another phi mu , both perfectly primp , walk past notice we girl . ashley ( friendly ) oh , hey , Zetas ! hi ! we never see you guy out . 40 . the Zetas smile , happy to be acknowledge by the popular girl . shelley hi ! I meet you yesterday . I be the homeless girl . ashley oh right ... shelley now I be they housemom ! ashley congratulation . ( to Maria ) Maria , right ? I remember you from the last panhellenic meeting . you be the one who want to add a economics day to Greek week . maria oh , my gosh -- we could have a costume party where people come dress as they favorite economist and anyone who bring a copy of capitalism and freedom can get in free . get it ? cuz it 's a book about free market . ashley yeah .... hey , by the way , you guy get here just in time . we be have a karaoke contest . sorority versus fraternity . she point to the stage where some kappa sig finish they butchery of " paradise CITY " . courtney you guy could go next if you want ... the Zetas look at each other , reluctant . joanne no ... ashley we will pick a good song for you . do not worry , you can not be any worse than we be . 41 . courtney seriously -- we be wretch . they gesture for the Zetas to follow they to the stage . the Zetas hang back . becky I do not know ... shelley but , this be perfect ! boy like sing . it 's sexy ! go! go! maria I think we could do it ... mona we can do anything better than that mannequin . tonya Count we in . carrie mae I think I be gonna puke . shelley that 's the spirit ! they reluctantly get up on stage , look out shyly at the crowd , as " like a virgin " start . they squint at the lyric as they flash by on the screen and start sing -- a little awkward at first . zetas ( sing ) " I make it through the wilderness . somehow I make it through ... " from the floor , shelley give they a thumb - up and they keep go . zetas ( cont 'd ) ( continue ; sing ) " do not know how lose I be until I find you ... " they find they stride , not sounding half - bad . shelley beam , proud . 42 . zetas ( cont 'd ) ( continue ; sing ) " I be beat , incomplete . I be a hag and I be fat and rude ... " mona and Maria frown and stop sing as the guy in the crowd crack up . shelley look around , confuse , wonder what they be laugh at . nearby , Ashley and Courtney covertly type new lyric into the karaoke machine , laugh . zetas ( cont 'd ) ( continue ; sing ) " but you make I feel , yeah you make I feel , like a big bag of poo ... " at this , Tanya and carrie mae frown as well , stop , as the crowd laugh even harder . shelley be completely baffle . shelley I do not think that 's how it go ... joanne and Becky continue sing the lyric , oblivious . joanne / becky ( sing ) " like a loser , we be reject all of the time -- " in the crowd , a guy elbow another guy . guy Cause you be pig . joanne now frown , realize , and drop out , leave only Becky to belt out -- becky ( sing ) " like a loooooser , we be so retarded , it 's a crime ! " Maria hit Becky on the arm , make she stop . the girl storm off stage as the crowd crack up . shelley I do not understand what just happen -- mona I do . 43 . mona march up to Ashley and Courtney , Zetas and shelley in tow . mona ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) you wanna get cut , bitch ? courtney classy , very classy . maria that be not very panhellenic . courtney but it be funny -- ashley she 's right , Courtney . we should apologize . especially since we be about to take they house . shelley ( confuse ) where you take it ? ashley we hear you be lose you charter so phi mu 's go to buy you house when it go on sale after rush . we be go to have so many pledge we will need the extra space . the girl be stricken by this . courtney do not worry . we will let you guy stay on and be the maid . we 'il probably get a tax break for help the socially handicapped . tonya you guy be so mean . courtney I be sorry . do we hurt you midget feeling . shelley she 's not a midget -- she 's a dwarf . like in snow White . a bouncer walk up . 46 47 44 , bouncer ( to Ashley ; be Zeta ) be this girl bother you Ashley ? maria no . we be leave . ( to the Zetas ) C ’mon , let 's just go . as the girl leave , defeat -- courtney yeah , you should probably go home . while you still have one . CUT to : int . playboy mansion - night 46 hef have just arrive back home . all the girl be there to welcome he back . marvin be bring the luggage in . hef marvin can you tell shelley we be back and we be go to watch a movie . marvin shelley 's not here Mr. hefner . she want I to give you this note . he pull a letter out of he pants pocket and hand it to hef . hef read the letter slowly . he look up with a tear in he eye . hef shelley move to Africa to work with orphan . she leave while we be go because she say she can not deal with good - by ' . I be go to bed . no movie tonight . hef walk away sadly . so do all the playmate . marvin steal a nervous look at cassandra . int . zeta house - night 47 the Zetas sit around the live room , depressed . shelley try to rally they . 48 shelley do not listen to that girl ! joanne why ? they be right . we be loser . shelley we be not loser ! carrie mae well , you be not . people like you . you be pretty . shelley do you think I look like this when I first get to LA ? ( whisper ) I have snaggleteeth . and brown hair ! she say this as if it 's horrifying . shelley ( cont ’d ) ( continue ) trust I , I could make you guy way hotter than phi mu. every girl on campus would want to pledge Zeta by the time I be do . tanya ( hopeful ) really ? mona ( resolve ) do it . there 's no way that bitch be get we house . carrie mae damn straight . as the other agree , shelley smile as music kick in and a montage begins ... int . victoria's secret - day shelley hold up a handful of padded water bras to the Zetas . shelley this be you most important secret weapon . the water bra . just stay away from sharp corner . 49 50 51 46 . mona no way . maria consider it another thesis topic . " conventional archetype of beauty and they affect on the opposite sex . " mona think this over . mona that 's not bad ... she take one of the bras . int . zeta hallway - day 49 all of the girl now practice walk in heel , shelley demonstrate . shelley boob out , tummy in . do not look down -- joanne look so far up that she topple over backwards . shelley ( cont ’d ) ( continue ) or up . in she brace , joanne struggle like a turtle on its back , as the other girl try to help she up . ext . zeta house - day 50 the girl paint the outside of the house . as carrie mae hang a new " Z " , mona outline a skull on the wall . shelley paint over it with a roller of light blue paint . int . shelley' zeta room - day 51 shelley give tonya 15 inch high heel shoe . tonya put they on . she smile . she 's never feel so tall before . she run over to hug a beam shelley and fall immediately . 52 53 54 55 47 . int . mystic tan - day 52 all of the Zetas get spray - on tan . as lilly get spray she giggle like she 's be tickle . int . mona' room - day 53 mona remove she nose-r and hand it to shelley along with all of she chin ring , lip ring , eyebrow ring , etc . shelley run a metal detector wand over the rest of she . it beeps at she crotch . shelley oh . go ahead and keep that one . int . zeta kitchen - day 54 shelley have turn the kitchen table into a makeshift make - up counter , complete with illuminate mirror . mona take note and the girl observe as she give Maria make - up lesson . shelley first , we should highlight you eye . the eye be the nipple of the face . Maria and the girl nod , take in the gospel of shelley . int . zeta live room - day 55 shelley give flirt lesson to the girl . shelley there be three rule to successful flirtation : eye contact , flattery and lot of touch . for example -- she pull Maria to she foot . shelley ( cont ’d ) ( continue ) let 's pretend Maria be a man . my hand be on he arm , I be look into he eye , I be wear deodorant -- harmony -- and here 's what I would say . ( to Maria ; babytalk ) " oh my gosh , you biceps be huge ! kiss I ! " 48 . she turn back to the girl . shelley ( cont ’d ) ( continue ) then he would kiss I . any question ? becky for how long ? tonya with tongue ? carrie mae what do I do with my skoal ? shelley look overwhelm by they lack of expertise . 56 int . forever 21 - day 56 shelley pick out some clothes for the girl . shelley dress sexy be all about show skin in the four major region -- arm , leg , cleavage and belly . becky ( 0.s ) like this ? Becky walk up , she hugely pregnant belly completely expose in a low - cut crop top and a micro-mini . people in the store look away , horrify . shelley try to make the best of it . shelley okay , maybe we can let someone that do not have a giant baby inside of they belly give it a shot . 57 int . beauty school - day 57 the girl all sit in salon chair , in front of stylist . shelley sit off to the side . a sign read '' Hair extension final exam '' . shelley ( to the stylist ) Long blonde hair . on all of they . queeny stylist ( disgust ; be mona 's bald head ) ( more ) 58 59 49 . queeny stylist ( cont 'd ) and what be I suppose to attach the extension to ? mona ( flipping he off ) how ' bout this ? ext . campus quad - day 58 all 14 girl of Zeta stride across the quad in slo mo , now fully transformed into super hot , clone - like , blonde sex bomb . they could easily pass for bunny . mona strut ... harmony stride proudly in she heel ... tonya work she cleavage with confidence ... even mona toss she new hair with saucy abandon . guy do double - take as they pass . Ashley and some other phi mus spot they and react with jealous contempt . ashley who be they ? courtney and why be everyone look at they instead of we ? ext . campus - on the zetas 59 the girl leave the quad . joanne ( to shelley ) so , what do we do now ? shelley I want all the fraternity to see how hot you be at the same time . so , we be go to take some picture first . maria we be not pose for playboy -- shelley no , Maria , we be raise money for we phil - an- thro -py . Maria give she a thumb - up at the pronunciation as we ... CUT to : 60 61 62 50 . ext . kappa sig porch - day 60 a small cardboard poster of the Zeta girl look luscious in bikinis be leave at the front door . Zeta calendar be print across the top . a envelope be attach . ext . pi kap porch - day 61 a flyer hit pi kap 's front porch as well , waking up a guy who 's pass out on the stair . ext . theta chi porch - day 62 the door of theta chi open and colby bend down to pick up the flyer . stu , stone , appear behind he . stu what 's that ? colby read the invitation . colby " you and you friend be invite to celebrate the debut of the first annual Girls of Zeta bikini calendar , this Wednesday on the quad . meet all the hot babe and buy the calendar . all proceed benefit the westside nursing Home . " stu Zeta ? in bikinis ? scary , dude . colby scan the poster . he be take aback by how hot the girl be . colby wait -- check it out -- they be slammin' . stu take a peek . stu sweet rack on the midget . colby give he a look . stu misinterprets it . stu ( cont ’d ) ( continue ) sorry . Little person . ( beat ) Little person with some big flesh bomb . 63 64 51 . ext . campus quad - day 63 it be meet the Greeks day on the quad . all of the fraternity and sorority have booth set up where they can talk to student and try to get they interested in join . Zeta have a double table , on one side Becky be sell calendar on the other side Maria and the girl be signing the calendar and talk to possible rushee . Zeta 's booth be much livelier than the other . they have music play and they be hand out cupcake and soda . ext . campus quad - zeta booth - day 64 Becky be behind a stack of calendar , man the cash box . a line of guy wait to buy they . a alpha chi rho at the head of the line grin at she . alpha chi rho I will take two . becky you guy be so generous . everyone 's buy two . alpha chi rho actually it 's in case one get ruin . becky oh. ( she think for a bit then realize what he be talk about ) ohhh ! she hand he he change and he walk away quickly . nearby shelley be surround by a circle of admire sigma pis . horny sigma pi be housemother allow to date student ? she smile sweetly and deflect they ardor by point to carrie mae . shelley have you meet carrie mae ? ( pull she over ) she 's from Arkansas and she turn - on be bmx racing , foul language and indoor plumbing . carrie mae look at the sigma pis . 65 66 52 . carrie mae anyone want to arm wrestle or kiss . there be many taker . ext . quad - phi mu booth - day 65 Ashley , the phi mu president talk to a group of girl . ashley at phi mu we be very exclusive because we can be . many of we sister be leader on campus . we have a rockin gpa average and we very own Korean manicurist . she 's interrupt by whoops and hollers come from the Zeta booth where Tanya and carrie mae be pose for a pic with a bunch of guy . ashley ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) what 's that ? tara that 's Zeta 's booth . ashley do not be ridiculous . why would they have a booth and who would go to it ? a group of hot guy be be feed cupcake by some of the laugh Zeta girl . tara ( to Ashley ) do not that guy dump you last year ? Ashley fume . courtney wait , be not that the blonde girl we see on the quad ? why be they at Zeta ? ext . campus quad - zeta booth - day 66 colby , the object of Maria 's lust , walk up to she . colby sweet set up . 53 . maria ( blush ) thanks . colby we should have a mixer with you guy sometime . maria how about " CSI " night with pudding ! colby be a little confuse , but go with it . colby sure , sound good . so , miss March , get you bikini on under there ? maria nope , just my fake water br --- shelley glide up , save she . shelley Maria , there you be . Bobby and Zach from kappa sig be die to meet you . ( to colby ) I be sorry colby , but Maria 's a very hot commodity . as shelley steer she off , Maria be take aback . maria wait -- be we leave ? why ? I love he ! shelley then we need to let he see that you be in demand . boy like a girl better if they think that other boy want she . maria ( excited ) other boy want I ? 67 ext . campus quad - zeta booth - day 67 tonya , joanne and a few other newly blonde Zetas be hang with some cute boy as Ashley and Courtney walk up to they . 68 54 . ashley what 's go on over here ? tonya we be have fun with some guy and signing up pledge . but you be not really we type so , see ya Sasquatch . the guy laugh . Ashley frown . ashley who be you ? and where be the Zetas ? one of the guy snicker . ashley ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) what be you laugh at , Gerald ? joanne step up . joanne we be the Zetas . 2008 edition . the guy whoop and holler . gerald oh my gad , I be in love . out of frustration Ashley punch Courtney in the boob . courtney why have you do that ? ashley I need to hurt someone . int . zeta kitchen - day 68 the girl do a post - quad wrap - up at the kitchen table as Maria count the money in the cash box . tanya ( to harmony ) Brian Stone be all over you ! joanne hello -- how about mona ? 55 . mona ( shrugging ) I get number from four boy . but it be all for research . and joanne , I see you try to flirt with that guy on the track team . joanne well ... maybe a little . do you realize that today be the first time we have be that close to fraternity guy since that sigma nu pledge break in and poope on we couch ? shelley walk in . the girl look up . lilly wear a large hat and sunglass hand harmony a note . harmony ( read the note ) you be completely ingenious , shelley . shelley thanks , lilly ! lilly smile then run away . shelley ( cont ’d ) ( to mona ) that 's the same as vapid , right ? mona it 's better . 69 int . zeta bathroom 69 all the girl be get ready for the night . they be all in front of the mirror put on make up and help each other finish they hair . check out they clothes in the mirror etc ... shelley enter dress like she be go out to a night club . very short skirt , very tight shirt . all the girl stop what they be do and stare at she . shelley how do I look ? tonya heart stop . shelley that 's so nice thank you . 70 56 . tonya no literally . we be go to visit old people and you outfit might kill they . shelley oh . she turn and leave as the girl continue on . int . old folk ' home - evening - later 70 shelley enter the communal lobby where old folk linger in various state of boredom and narcolepsy . she see Oliver . shelley Oliver ! oliver hey ! shelley , right ? shelley yup . I be here to service the old folk and I hope you do not mind but I bring a few other volunteer with I . behind shelley , the rest of the Zetas enter . oliver ( smile ) wow , this be incredible !. Francis , a man use a walker approach . francis Ollie , who be this girl ? oliver they be new volunteer , Frank . francis be that right ? well in that case why do not one of they volunteer to get I some viagra ? oliver Francis ... the girl laugh . Francis roll away . shelley offer Oliver a wad of cash . 71 57 . shelley oh , and we bring this . oliver ( baffle ) how much be this ?. shelley a lot . and we be go to need a lot to pay for the party this guy be have tonight . the deejay walk in along with the dance instructor . harmony be point out where they should set up . the older folk look excited . oliver well , they can not party too much they be pretty ancient . shelley oh , you would be surprised at what a old man can do . Oliver smile , have no idea what she 's talk about . shelley smile back . so do a older man with no pants on . int . old folk ' home - night - later 71 a dj play music . a disco ball now hang from the ceiling . the old folk shuffle around the lobby , salsa dance as best they can in they slipper , lead by a short dance instructor . the Zetas fill in as dance partner where need . dance instructor Nice move , beatrice . that 's the way to shake that fake hip , maynard . shelley stand off to the side , watch with Oliver . they secretly check each other out . the music switch to a waltz . Francis yell over to Oliver . francis what be you , a gay ? ask the girl to dance . shelley ( hopeful ) I would love to -- oliver be you sure ? because I have no problem let Francis think I 'ma gay - 58. she hold out she hand in a waltz position . he take she in he arm a bit awkwardly . they start waltzing . Oliver and shelley look into each other eye . proceed to step on she foot . shelley motherfucker ! !!!! oliver sorry about that . shelley ( cheerful ) it 's all good . then he he do not want to step on she foot again so he look down at he foot . as he do this he keep mouth '' side , one , two ... side , one , two '' . maynard and beatrice dance next to they . maynard ask she out already , Oliver . ( to shelley ) he 's a good boy . you should like he . beatrice ( leer at he ) and he 's get a high ass . perfect for the bedroom . maynard take it easy , Super slut , before I put you back in a coma . they dance off . Oliver look back at shelley , a little embarrassed . oliver I do not want you to think I cave to peer pressure , but would you like to go to dinner sometime ? shelley how about anytime . 72 really ? they both look in shimmy dance from int . zeta kitchen 59 . oliver love . so do the old man who 's get a Tanya . - night 72 shelley and the girl eat cookie dough . Maria be burst with excitement for shelley . maria he 's take you to dinner ? shelley I be so freakin nervous . I have not be on a real date in nine year . tonya what ?! shelley hef do not like we to date . we have a curfew . mona ( appal ) what , be you a indenture servant ? shelley ( confuse ) no ... this be my real tooth . besides Oliver be not like any guy I know . he 's sweet and kind of shy . a lot of guy at the mansion would just say what 's the delio and ask if they could show I something purple in the orgy room . there be a awkward silence as the girl digest this bit of tanya speak of orgy , how 's colby do ? maria awesome . I think shelley trick he into like I . we hang out three time this week . 73 60 . shelley do you do it with he yet . she suggestively move she eyebrow up and down . maria no! g-d -- I do not do -- that . shelley ( excited ) you be a virgin ? that 's so cute . we have to have a Aztec party . we always want to have one at the mansion , but we could never find a virgin to sacrifice . off the girl ' puzzle look . shelley ( cont ’d ) and it will get we we thirty pledge . the girl all cheer . a quick series of mail pop into various computer screen in dorm room , the library , computer lab , etc . a female student open the mail , it 's the evite from the Zetas . she click ' play 's , and on the computer screen we see the zeta website ... we see graphic announce the Aztec Party with little dance cartoon girl , each with a real Zeta girl head on it , with shelley prominently dance in the center ... a banner scroll across the top say '' come see a real virgin get sacrifice '' . a cartoon Maria be carry on to the screen by some cartoon aztecs . they hold she up while another cartoon cut she head off . the head fall to the ground and say '' see ya Friday '' and the video end , and we dissolve to -- ext . zeta back yard - night 73 the sound of drumbeat thunder across the yard as we crane up over a giant volcano make of jello . a river of strawberry daiquiri lava flow from its center . tiki torch surround it . CUT to : 74 61 . ext . zeta back yard - night 74 Maria , wear a sexy animal - hide costume , be carried through the party on a platform by some hunky loin-clothed guy . she wave to the crowd , happily . joanne and shelley walk up . cute guy they be really sacrifice she . joanne I think so . cute guy be that legal ? joanne I be not sure . Maria 's platform be carry to the top of the volcano . maria ( into a wireless microphone ) welcome to Aztec night -- the first of many awesome Zeta party to come ! and for all of you girl go through rush , remember to make Zeta you number one choice ! the crowd cheer . maria ( cont 'd ) now it 's time for this virgin to be sacrifice in the boil jello lava . Maria leap into the jello volcano , cause the lava to ooze out into a wait baby pool . people rush to fill they cup . Maria pretend to be burn and die in a sexy but goofy way . two freshman girl look around at the party , confuse . redhead freshman girl I think everyone say Zeta be lame . blonde freshman girl not anymore . nearby colby help Maria out of the volcano . 75 62. colby I have never see anyone get sacrifice before . that be hot . maria really ? ' Cause I could do it again - ext . zeta back yard - across the yard 75 mona in a Aztec outfit with she notebook in hand , be '' interview '' a guy for she thesis . she pose mona do you find yourself more attract to I when I be like this or like this ? first with she butt shove out and then with she boob shove out . she make she make she grab guy uh , the second one . a note . mona and because you like my boob , would you stand there and let I giggle like a idiot for five minute just in the hope that we might hook up ? guy uh , yes . another note . mona and just out of curiosity , even if you do not find I attractive , would you find it offensive if I do this ? he nipple . guy uh , no . nearby shelley wipe some residual lava off of Maria . 76 77 63. shelley you be the best virgin I have ever see . maria I might not be a virgin for long . I think colby want I to be he girlfriend ! shelley ( clap with delight ) oh , my gosh ! really ? they hug each other delighted with girl joy . ext . phi mu house - night 76 Ashley , Courtney and the phi mu housemother stand on the porch , watch the party at Zeta . a banner on the porch read " phi mu / kappa sig mixer " , but the phi mu house be empty . ashley they be over there , be not they ? the kappa sig ? phi mu housemother well , why do not you figure out away to get they back . they all look at each other evilly until the housemother fart . ext . zeta back yard - party 77 shelley and Maria walk up to some freshman girl . maria ( sotto to shelley ) find something in common , then zero in on it . shelley get it . maria hi . be you girl think of rush Zeta ? blonde freshman girl I be not plan on it , but after tonight , I think I change my mind . 64 . shelley I change my mind all the time ! if you be a Zeta , we can do it together . ( to Maria ) with pudding ! Tanya pass by , throw over the shoulder of one of the loincloth guy . she call out to shelley and Maria . tanya it 's my turn to get sacrifice . who would 's nve think be a virgin would come in so handy !!! the " native " slap Tanya on the ass as they pass and moan in goofy delight . crowd lava ! lava ! as the crowd chant the loin-clothed guy carry Tanya up the ladder . as people go crazy , mona notice Ashley and Courtney approach . mona hello , lady . can I help you ? ashley ( scramble ) we just want to see how we fellow sister the Zetas be do . the crowd erupt in cheer as tonya get throw high in the air for a bellyflop sacrifice . the crowd go ' ooh 's . courtney pretty big splash for a cabbage patch doll . Courtney laugh and hold up she hand for a hi-five . mona stare at she for a beat and then reach over and grab the microphone that Maria have earlier . she turn it on . mona ( over the speaker ) who want another sacrifice ? the crowd go crazy . 78 65 . mona ( cont ’d ) it do not sound like you really want it . the crowd go crazier . mona ( cont ’d ) be this two good enough ? she point to Ashley and Courtney who stand there dumbfounded . the crowd go insane . a group of guy rush over pick up the two squealing phi-mus and start head towards the volcano . mona ( cont ’d ) ( yell into the mic ) wait a minute !!! the entire crowd stop and look at mona . Dead silent . mona ( cont ’d ) we can only sacrifice virgin . now I be not sure about this two so I think we should take a vote . do anyone here think either of this two girl be a virgin ? the entire crowd yell '' no Way '' in unison . mona ( cont 'd ) yeah , I either . dump ‘em . the guy toss Ashley and Courtney into the baby pool as the whole crowd laugh and point at they . the music kick back up and the party rage on . CUT to : int . phi mu house - next day 78 Ashley and Courtney sit at the dining room table . Ashley be eat M&M 's one at a time and look like crap and Courtney be hold a icebag on she breast . the housemother look impatient as she listen to they moan . the curtain be close and it be dark and cave like . ashley I have never be so humiliate . courtney everybody laugh at we . 79 66 . ashley I have never be laugh at before . the housemother snap . phi mu housemother well they x11 be laugh a lot harder when that tramp get more pledge than you . she whip open the curtain and let the sun in . the girl react . phi mu housemother ( cont 'd ) you be phi-mus for heaven sake . quit feel sorry for you selve and fight back . that loser be inch away from lose they house and now they look like the queen of the campus . Ashley be so upset now she whip a M&M at Courtney 's other tit . Courtney moan in pain ' owwwwww 's . CUT to : int . romantic restaurant - night 79 Oliver and shelley sit at a table for two . shelley be dress a bit more conservatively than normal , but still sexy . shelley ( mid conversation ) ..- and then it be humid so my hair be bushy like Danny devito 's wife 's underarm . shelley think she have be rambling so she change the subject . shelley ( cont ’d ) but I do not want to bore you with all that girly stuff . so let 's talk about something else . she smile . Oliver be not what you would call a player so he be a little awkward around shelley 's none too hide sexuality . oliver um , okay . who be you gonna vote for ? 67 . shelley I be not sure yet . I just know I will not listen to what Simon say , he 's so mean . I usually agree with Paula and Randy . luckily the waiter walk up . waiter be we ready to order ? shelley ( relieved ) oh yes , instead of the mahi mahi can I just get one mahi because I be not that hungry ? waiter umm , I 'il ask . Oliver look at she puzzle then order . oliver Chicken marsala for I . the waiter walk away . the two look at each other awkwardly . shelley who do think have more nose hair ? Donald trump or rosie o'donnell ? oliver um , I do not know . shelley yeah , I neither . be not that weird ? shelley think she 's lose he so she try she " in demand " tactic . shelley ( cont ’d ) well , I hope they do not take too long with we food , because I have another date at ten . oliver be you serious ? shelley what 's a girl to do when she 's in demand ? 80 81 68. Oliver frown , less than impressed . shelly give a ' what can a hot girl like I do 's smile but have rye bread roll in she front tooth . ext . chi psi house - backyard - night 80 the Zetas be hang with some cute boy . mona be play beer pong against a fraternity guy and win . she sink another one . the guy drink it and then start sway . mona I think we be go to have to cut you off Ryan . ryan ( slurring ) no sweet mona , I be do just fine . mona okay . she wind up and serve a ping pong ball into the guy mouth . he swallow it . CUT to : ext . romantic restaurant - night 81 shelley and Oliver wait at the valet stand . oliver so , have fun on you next date . shelley oh. I will . thanks . oliver alright , well good-night . shelley do you want my number ? oliver it sound like you have get a lot goin ' on . maybe I will just see you at the nursing home sometime . he walk off . shelley ( in baby talk voice ) wait -- you biceps be huge ! kiss I ! 82 69 . he give she a weird look , wave goodbye and keep go . shelley stand there , forlorn . the valet hand she the key . shelley ( cont ’d ) ( continue ) I screw up , do not I ? valet Si . but I will kiss you with my man tongue if that 's any consolation . the valet stick he tongue out and it have a tatoo of the word man tongue on it . shelley fake like she 's get a cell phone call from she fake brother Steven segal . the valet put he tongue back in . int . zeta live room - night 82 the girl be all hang out and they can not wait to hear the detail . shelley enter , bum out about she date . harmony how would it go , Shell ? shelley not good . I do not think he like I . he do not even try to do it with I in the mens room . mona why do you think he do not like you ? shelley I could just tell . he do not fall for any of my trick . maria maybe he 's one of that guy that want to have a intelligent conversation with a girl before he hook up with she ? shelley what ? no ...... really ?..... so I have to get smart ? can I even do that ? all the girl give she encourage look . montage 83 84 85 70 . int . bookstore 83 pile of textbooks on shelf and table . shelley emerge with a armful of US magazine . shelley I usually get all my world news from US Magazine . maria how about you try this one . she hold up a issue of ' U.S. News and World report 's . shelley we news and world report ? do it have celebrity picture and gossip from other country , too ? Maria begrudgingly smile and open the paper to a picture of a skinny starve African man with fly on he . shelley ( cont ’d ) be that Chris rock ? he 's look totally manarexic . Maria be baffle . int . classroom - day 84 shelley sit next to tonya in a architecture class . the professor flip through slide of different building and drone on . shelley take all this in as best she can . pay complete attention . shelley look to she leave and now do not see tonya . the camera pan down and we see tonya curl up asleep under shelley 's chair like the adorable little person she be . shelley pet she and keep on learn . int . / ext . zeta house - day 85 shelley be talk into lilly 's closet . lilly poke she scarf cover head out . shelley lead she out across the room and out onto the front yard . she look peaceful and in control . the two even start talk about English history . from the other side of the yard , the mailman appear and try to hand she the mail . she freak out and run back inside . 86 87 71 . int . maria 's room - day 86 there be a chart on the wall that say '' intelligent conversation topic '' . it have heading that say , literature , Art , History , etc .. shelley be sit on the bed . harmony be sit opposite she pretend to be Oliver ( she be dress like a man and wear a wig ) . harmony as oliver so what do you do today , shelley ? shelley well Oliver , I be drip hot wax on my ta-tas so I could see my tolerance for pain . Maria give she a dirty look . shelley read off of the note - card in she hand . shelley ( cont ’d ) I mean watch the o’reilly factor . Maria and harmony give a ' that 's better 's look . int . joanne room - night 87 joanne be stand in front of the mirror . she be hold a cute tropical outfit up in front of she . she be wear she usual clothes that cover she brace . shelley walk in and stand behind she . shelley that 's such a cute outfit . joanne too bad I can never wear it . shelley when do you get to take the brace off ? joanne um , 2004 . shelley ( excitedly ) well it 's a good thing I ask ! joanne I do not want to take it off I be use to it . 88 72 . joanne run to she bed and get under the cover quickly . shelly approach she very motherly . shelley you know joanne , when I be little , I wear a scooby doo mask to school for a whole month because I think I be ugly . every single day ... then one day a boy , Howard rebenstock , snuck up from behind I and just tore it off my face . and do you know what I realize ? joanne that you be pretty ? shelley no , that I have be wear it upside down . joanne I be not really sure what you be try to tell I . shelley I do not either but you be a butterfly now , not a earthworm ! you do not need to hide anymore . joanne look unsure . ext . zeta lawn 88 shelley he jog by here around this time every day . you like he . you want to talk to he . today be you day . ( notice ) here he come . the cute guy jog by the house . joanne just freeze . shelley ( cont ’d ) come on joanne , say something to he . spread you wing , butterfly . joanne go to say something but she can not . shelley ( cont ’d ) he 's get away ! you can do this ! you know why ? ( more ) 73. shelley ( cont ’d ) because you be a smart , beautiful , confident woman . and no matter what , I love you . joanne you do ? shelley one hundred and fifty percent . joanne you be the best shelley . I love you , too . the girl look at each other sweetly . then joanne look and see she guy have run past the house and be get away . shelley go get he ! joanne take off run after she guy . we see she leg go , faster and faster . shelley ( cont 'd ) run joanne , run ! and then , in slow motion , she brace start to break into piece and fall off she body just like forrest gump . joanne catch the guy and run along side he . joanne hi Steve . steve hey joanne . I do not know you run . joanne I do now . back on the lawn , shelley watch proudly . then , she moment of bliss be broken by phi mu housemother you be pretty pleased with yourself , be not you ? shelley what ? yes , I guess I be . 89 74 . phi mu housemother well do not get use to that feel , because there be no way I be go to let a whorey little tart like you stand in the way of the phi mu 's take the Zeta house . shelley be shocked . then , she gaze go toward a birthmark on the phi mu housemother 's neck . shelley what 's that thing on you neck ? phi mu housemother it 's a mole ! shelley a mole ? it look more like a p uppy - phi mu housemother you have be warn . do not mess with I . do not mess with phi mu . she walk off . shelley Boy , someone need a smoothie with a extra vita boost . int . maria' room - day 89 shelley , in a boxy cardigan , a denim knee - length skirt and clog look in the mirror . she be wear no makeup and she hair be pull back . she be dismay . shelley but , you can not even tell I have boob ! maria come on , you give we alla makeover , it 's we turn to give you one . nothing against you previous ... ' boyfriend 's , but Oliver be the kind of guy that want a girl to look smart . trust I . shelley I do trust you . 90 75 . maria you head be still too sexy . you might need to wear my glass . shelley take they with a sigh . maria ( cont 'd ) it will be good . Oliver be not the type of guy that want boob over brain . shelley okay , so I should not stand on my head . Maria laugh . so do shelley but she do not know why . CUT to : int . nursing home - evening 90 as some girl read to the older folk , harmony lead the other old folk in a yoga class . beatrice be try to touch she toe but can not bend past she knee . beatrice when I be young I could put my foot behind my head . maynard no one find that surprising . Francis sit talk to shelley . we only see shelly from behind . francis I do not know about all that but I sure do sweat a lot at night . Oliver walk by , hearing this . oliver what 's go on ? shelley turn around , wear she frumpy outfit , eye bulging through Maria 's coke- bottle glass . oliver ( cont 'd ) shelley ? 91 76 . shelley oh , hello Oliver . we be discuss global warming . a area of particular interest to I . perhaps if it 's of interest to you , we could go get a cup of coffee and talk about it ? Oliver take in the new shelley . oliver uh , yeah , I guess . unless you have get another date later . shelley I be free for the entire evening . ( to Francis ) sorry Francis can we continue this discussion later ? francis better be soon . I be old . Oliver check out shelley 's new outfit as they walk out . int . coffee house - night 91 shelley and Oliver drink they coffee . shelley have take off Maria 's glass . oliver well , I have never hear it put that way , but you be right -- Kim jong Il be super mean . shelley and there 's some bad people in the Middle East who be do some bad thing , too , and I do not think that 's right . oliver sound like you have be read the paper . shelley nod . shelley the girl have it deliver right to the house . every morning . 77 . oliver you really click with that girl do not you ?. shelley they be my new family . oliver what happen to you old one ? shelley unfortunately , they do not want I around anymore . oliver wow . that 's terrible . shelley think a moment . shelley when I be little , one of my foster mom have a coffee cup that say , " life be a shit sandwich , but you do not have to take a bite . " and I have try to live by that word ever since . oliver well -- I guess it work because you be definitely the most upbeat person I have ever meet . shelley smile at he , touch . it 's the first time a man have ever compliment she for anything but she look . shelley so , what do you mom 's coffee cup say ? oliver I think it be , " leave I alone . I be busy chain-smok . " shelley well , at least she have a hobby . oliver see ? upbeat . the waiter come over and start clear the table waiter would you care for any desert ? 92 78. he look at shelley and a light go off in he head . waiter ( cont 'd ) wait a minute -- this be gonna sound weird , but be you ever in playboy ? Oliver take umbrage at this . oliver whoa -- excuse I , pal . that 's a little insulting . be you call my date a bimbo ? shelley look at he , know now what he would think of she if he know the truth . waiter no , of course not . I be sorry , mar 'am . I be out of line . shelley oh , it 's okay -- I be sure whichever -- " bimbo " -- be in that issue be really pleased that you remember she . he leave . oliver I should have pop that jerk . playboy . gimme a break . shelley yeah , that girl be all boob and no brain . I like to think of myself as all brain and medium boob . Oliver smile ; shelley force a smile through she disappointment . CUT to : int . zeta live room - night 92 shelley enter , shutting the door behind she . Maria and the other girl look over from the live room . maria ( continue ) so ? what happen ? 93 79 . harmony do you talk about the situation in Sri Lanka ? mona do you get to use " parsimonious " in a sentence ? maria who care ? do you guy do it ? shelley ( defeat ) uh , no . maria what ? why not ? shelley it just ... be not go to work out . maria oh , but I be hope we could both lose we virginity in the same semester . shelley ( freeze smile ) yeah ... int . playboy mansion - hef' bedroom - night 93 hef sit on he bed eat ice cream out of the carton . all of the curtain be close . Holly , Bridget , kendra and cassandra try to rouse he from he depression . marvin bring in a new carton and switch it out . holly C ’mon puffin . you have be in here for day now . kendra yeah , hef . let 's have movie night . it will cheer you up . hef why would she just leave ? cassandra it 's for the best . she be not happy . 80 . BRIDGET really ? hef how do you know ? what do she tell you ? marvin look terrify as he quickly exit . cassandra lie without miss a beat . cassandra she never tell I anything , but I use to hear she cry in she room late at night . hef shake he head sadly at this . hef I think I have like to be alone for a bit . cassandra sure , hef . the girl all get up slowly . kendra ( bum out ) I guess we can have another pillow fight in my room . BRIDGET ( equally bum ) I ’1ll go get the whipped cream . the girl all exit , on the way out cassandra shoot marvin a look . hef marvin , I would like to do some editing work on the website . could you put it up on my computer please ? marvin yes , sir . marvin head for the computer room . he pause , look at hef , get a idea , then exit to the computer room .. 94 95 81 . int . computer room 94 it 's empty . hef enter , sit and look at the screen . he get a puzzle look on he face . we see the screen . marvin have put the zeta website up . next to a banner that say ' click here for we Aztec Party photo 's be a cartoon body of a girl with shelley 's head on it . hef 's face brighten . hef my shelly ? int . zeta live room - the next evening 95 the girl be all gather in the live room for bid night . maria okay , guy . so like everybody on campus want to be a Zeta now . but unfortunately we can only have thirty . so let 's figure out who they be go to be . hit it carrie . carrie start the slide show . the first girl come up . cute blonde . look very new Zeta . maria ( cont 'd ) Kristin wither . pre-m . family from greenwich . everyone ? everyone yeah , yeah , etc next slide . another cute blonde . maria Jill palmer , from Colorado . theater major . Father own coor . everyone yeah , yeah , etc . next slide . Dark haire girl . still cute . maria allison Jackson . English major . from Florida . have a porsche . everyone meet she right ? everyone yeah , yeah . she 's good . 96 82. harmony be you guy sure ? tanya what 's wrong ? harmony well , we have sort of achieve a image here , and to be honest I do not know if this girl fit in . she seem kind of weird . she be eat we cake with she finger . joanne I see she watch Iron chef during the party . harmony you see ? kind of socially awkward and brunette . everyone yeah , yeah , dump she . forget it . the phone in the kitchen ring . someone come back and say it 's for shelley . shelley exit . int . zeta kitchen - continuous 96 shelley pick up the phone . shelley hello ? hef be this my darling shelley ? shelley hef ? hef oh thank heaven . I be so glad we find you . shelley I can not believe I be hearing you voice . I have totally miss you and I be so sorry for whatever I do . hef what you do ? 83. shelley yeah . marvin give I the birthday card you write ... 97 int . zeta live room - continuous 97 next slide be a meeker girl with thick glass . maria katootoo jihiman . sociology . from India . everyone ? mona could that glass be any thicker ? carrie mae yeah , and hair conditioner call , it want to know why you will not use it . joanne not up to Zeta standard . everyone no way . Nah . next . lilly peak she head out of she door . next slide . a little person . look good other than that . maria jodi Taylor . Film school . New Mexico . everyone ? everyone ( notice tonya ) she 's okay . I guess . yeah , yeah . tonya hey , do not look at I . I think she be weird . all she talk about be Justin timberlake and she pet lizard . everyone ( relieved ) phewwww , thanks . we agree .... lilly look at you people ! be this really what you have become ? ( more ) 98 84 . lilly ( cont 'd ) judge other girl on they appearance , call they ' weird 's ? I be sure glad I join when I do because I probably would not make the cut this day . and neither would a lot of you . I can not believe that Zeta have become just like phi mu . a bunch of snooty bitch ! lilly get so self conscience that she finally speak that she bolt toward the window and dive out . everyone stare at each other . she be right about what she say . silence . int . zeta kitchen - continuous 98 shelley on phone , much happier . hef it be bad information you receive , shelly , and to prove it to you darling , I want you to be the March centerfold . shelley 's eye go wide . shelley oh my gad ! hef , that be so awesome . I can not believe it !. hef believe it . and I want you to move back to the mansion . it 's just not the same without you . shelley 's smile be gigantic but she notice thing around the kitchen that remind she of she new family , a Zeta calendar on the wall , picture from the Aztec party and the nursing home with Oliver in front be on the fridge . hef keep talk but we do not hear what he be say anymore . shelley be have second thought . shelley I be so sorry hef . I love you , but I can not do it . I just can not . I have start a new family and I be gonna stay here with they . hef whaaaattttt ?2 ??!!!!!... 99 100 101 102 103 85 . int . zeta live room - continuous 99 the girl be still sit in silence . maria oh my G -d . what have we become ? mona it all start with this fake blonde hair . and this stupid water bras . we be just a bunch of clone . completely interchangeable . int . zeta kitchen - continuous 100 shelley hang up the phone and start back to the live room . just as she reach the door she hear mona talk and stop . int . zeta live room —- continuous 101 mona this be all shelley 's fault . before she get here we be individual she 's turn we into stupid bunny . we have be so much better off if she have never come into we life . int . zeta kitchen - continuous 102 shelley . shock . hurt . a tear . she quickly run back to she room unnotice . int . zeta live room —- continuous 103 maria you be right about we . but you be wrong about shelley . she be the best thing that ever happen to this place . she do not just change we outward appearance . she change we attitude . we can throw party now . heck , I may even have a boyfriend for the first time in my life . ( more ) 104 105 86 . maria ( cont 'd ) and mona , you no longer have a that stupid bone go through you nose . everyone agree that be a good one . lilly come back in the house . lilly and she get I to talk . everyone agree , happily . joanne and she freed I from my fear . more agreement . mona you be right . I just think we need to tone it down a little . be more of who we be . everyone yeah . good idea . maria it will be the perfect mix . half shelley . half we . tanya where be shelley , anyway ? harmony in the kitchen . hey shelley ! she do not answer . they all go to the kitchen . int . zeta kitchen 104 shelley be go . ext . ucla road - next day 105 shelley sit in she car . crying . write a letter . she look at the picture of pooter hang from she rearview mirror . shelley I can not be myself with Oliver , and I try to turn the girl into something they do not want to be . ( more ) 106 107 87 . shelley ( cont 'd ) well pooter , I guess all I be be just a dumb bunny . ext . nursing home - later 106 shelley 's car pull up . she get out and approach the front door . she take out a envelope , we see the name ' Oliver 's on it . she drop it through the mail slot and head back to she car and drive off . int . shelley 's car 107 shelley drive the windy sunset boulevard . her cellphone ring , she answer . shelley hello ? maria shelley , it 's Maria . where be you ? shelley I be move back to the mansion . hef call last night and say he want I to be the March centerfold . maria ( try to be happy ) oh , wow . congratulation . that 's awesome . shelley yeah , it 's what I always want . so .... maria so good . good. great . all you dream be finally come true . shelley yeah , I guess they be . you guy have a great rush , I be sure you will get a million new pledge . tell everyone I say goodbye . shelley hang up . Maria be confuse , something do not seem right ... 108 109 88. int . beauty school - day 108 music play as a montage begins . joanne , mona and Becky once again have they head in the sink as stylist attend to they . harmony , Tanya and carrie mae be under the dryer . carrie mae well , whatever we be gonna be , we need to figure it out . we still need 30 girl by Oct. 15th , or we can kiss it all goodbye . harmony when we show this girl who we really be I do not think we ’1ll have any problem . right ? ext . mansion - day 109 shelley pull in to a hero 's welcome . she be almost enjoy it . we see cassandra walk down the driveway with marvin carry she luggage . int . nursing home - day 110 Oliver open a letter . its the one shelley be write . we hear he voice read it over the rest of the montage . oliver I be sorry I could not tell you this in person . it be way too embarrassing to face you after all we have be through . I be leave the Zeta house to fulfill my life long dream . and I know that it will not make any sense to you . I be go to work in the peace Corps in the mountain of Peru . ext . campus - day 111 joanne and carrie mae , now brunette again , stand alongside mona who be still blonde , but with a more punk rock hairdo and a defiant stripe of blue . they hand out zeta lollipop while harmony strum she guitar . 112 113 114 89 . ext . mansion 112 the cat jump into shelley 's arm . shelley smile and hold the cat up to she face for a kiss . then with a even bigger smile on she face , walk over and place the cat inside the dog fence . the dog start chase she all around . ext . zeta front yard - day 113 harmony , now make - up free , poke hole in she water bra with a steak knife and water the rosebush . behind she , Maria and joanne hang a rush banner that read : " zeta : be who you wanna be " . int . nursing home 114 Oliver finish the letter . look confuse . montage end int . shelley' room mansion - night 115 shelley be ready for bed , talk to marvin . shelley .--. and that 's when I overhear the girl talk about I . I think they have be better off without I so ... here I be . marvin I do not know shelley , it sound like they be better off with you . shelley I guess not . and you know what really suck be for the first time in my life , I really feel like people like I for what I have to say . I be even go to sign up for some night class next semester so I could come up with even smarter thing to say to people but I guess that would be stupid now . this hit marvin . 90 . shelley ( cont ’d ) anyway , good night marvin . it 's great to talk to you again . marvin it sure be shelly . good night . marvin go to exit , pause at the door for a moment to look at shelley roll over sadly to go to sleep . then he exit . ext . zeta front yard 116 Maria be hold court . the other Zetas be talk to rushee on the lawn . they all have a confidence and enthusiasm that be not there before . maria Zeta be found on the tenet of sisterhood , friendship and philanthropy . since then we have add kick ass party to the list . joanne be talk to some girl by the front step . joanne there really be not a Zeta type . we be open to all girl who be look for something different . that 's why we rush theme be '' be who you want to be '' . eager rushee Zeta 's still totally my first choice . another rushee I , too . Maria smile . ext . campus quad 117 lilly walk across the quad . she have all the pledge bid in she hand . there must be about 100 of they . int . mail distribution CENTER 118 lilly walk up to the counter . the clerk be on the phone , shuffle through some papers . there be a cute guy stand there who notice she . gl . tyler hi . be you new on campus ? I do not think we have ever meet . my name be Cole . lilly put the invite down on the counter and fix she hair . lilly I just ... transfer . my name be lilly . Ashley walk in to drop off she bid . she see lilly be in deep conversation . she see lilly 's envelope . while the clerk be still turn around , she act quickly and slide they into the nearby garbage can . the clerk finish he phone call . Ashley hand she invite to he . ashley she just drop this on the floor . can you send they out for she ? clerk sure thing . Ashley exit . lilly turn around . notice the invite be miss . start to freak . lilly what happen to all that invite ?? clerk I get ‘em . do not worry . lilly pheww . you scared I . int . playboy mansion 119 shelley be look at old party photo on the wall . she be about to be part of history . she pause at one for a beat longer than the rest . shelley ( shaking she head ) Nah . no way . the playboy editor appear behind she . he pull out a chair for she . 92 . editor ( continue ) so let 's get start on you centerfold interview . shelley sit . he smile at she . editor ( cont 'd ) let 's start with ambition . shelley well my ambition be to be a centerfold . editor so all you dream have come true . shelley nod , halfheartedly . shelley yeah ... I guess so . editor guilty pleasure ? shelley eat cookie dough with my best friend Maria ... who secretly hate I . he take note . editor we will just change " who hate I " to " in the nude " . he make a note on he papers . editor ( cont 'd ) okay , hit I with you turn - on . shelley ( wistful ) someone who 's kind and sweet to old people . a bad dancer . and guy whose first name begin with 0 . editor ( sarcastic ) wow . that 's hot . turn off ? shelley think for a moment . 120 121 93. shelley cauliflower , global warming , and misogyny . editor let 's just change " misogyny " to '' mean people '' . int . zeta live room 120 it 's all deck out . Furniture move to the side of the room . they be ready for the 100 girl to show up . we girl look really nice , and be just wait around . mona walk in with a huge bowl . mona this should be big enough to hold everyone 's name . harmony I bet we be the first sorority to pick they pledge by draw name out of a bowl . maria this way we do not have to judge people . the first 30 girl pick get the bid . joanne all the girl be so nice . maybe I 'il move out so we can pick 31 . becky I could move out or we might only be able to pick 29 . lilly if there be a shy pledge , she can have my closet . mona be look out the front door . mona hey check this out . ext . zeta STREET 121 all the rushee be pile into the other house . no one be come to Zeta . 122 94 . Ashley and Courtney welcome they huge throng . int . zeta live room 122 maria what the hell ? harmony do you think everyone change they mind ? mona you do send out the invitation , do not you lilly ? lilly absolutely . flashback quick cut she turn around the invite be gone the clerk nods and smile she sees ashley exiting she sees ashley smiling tyler hand her he phone number she smile and put it in her purse back to scene lilly ( cont 'd ) guy ... Ashley must have steal they . she be there when I be there . and there be this boy there . and I never talk to one before . and I get he phone number . and , and , and ... mona that bitch . time for she to get cut . mona open she switchblade . everyone be ready to kill . 123 124 95 . ext . zeta house 123 the girl burst out of the house and head for phi mu. mona be the first one there , get in Ashley 's face . mona you could not beat we so you have to pull this crap . ashley what ? there be general hub bub and name call amongst the two sorority finally the phi mu housemother step in . phi mu housemother Girls . Girls . Girls . where be you spirit of sisterhood ? this should be a great day . inviting other to join we as sister for life . carrie mae ( point to Ashley ) she steal we bid . ashley I do not have any idea what you be talk about . phi mu housemother now , we have a deal . and it appear that you have not fulfil it . so Monday Zeta will appear in front of the pan-hellenic council to have they charter revoke . if you have any evidence of you charge against Ashley you can present it there . the Zetas look devastate as they head back to they house . the phi-mus wave goodbye and fake like they be wiping away tear as they head back inside . int . playboy mansion - library 124 shelley be get ready to shoot she centerfold . she have choose the library as she set . she be pose next to one of the bookshelve with a cart full of book . she be not yet nude but she be very skimpily dress . there be a person with a fog machine and a person with a wind machine . everyone be bustling around . shelley look distract . 96 . photographer we need more fog ! the guy crank up the machine a little and a cloud of smoke envelope shelley . shelley ( cough ) why would there be fog in a library ? photographer it 's sexy . who know maybe someone be smoking . Maria enter . maria or maybe it 's because you butt be smoking hot . shelley ( excited for the first time ) Maria ! what be you do here ? they run to each other and hug . while Maria and shelley be talk , various hair , make - up people and clothing stylist work on shelley like a nascar pit crew . go as far as floss she tooth . maria I come to straighten out the mix up about what you overhear the girl say about you . shelley how do you know about that ? maria well , let 's just say a little bird tell I . Maria look to the door , marvin be stand there smile . Maria look back to shelley . shelley what bird ? Maria and marvin react , marvin walk over and stand right next to Maria . 125 97 . maria shelley , marvin call I and say you tell he everything that happen . it be alla misunderstanding so I come right over . shelley but I hear what you guy say about . everyone think I ruin Zeta . mona say I turn you all into a bunch of dumb bunny . ouch ! one of the pit crew have pluck a unwanted hair from shelley 's butt with a pair of tweezers and hold it up proudly . shelley ( cont ’d ) could I have five minute guy . everyone walk away as shelley put on a robe and lead Maria to a different room . CUT to : int . conference room - day 125 the girl enter the room which be adorn with old photo on the wall . maria mona be just talk about we hair and the way we be dress . maybe we do go a little to far . but everybody love you . for the next ten minute we all talk about how you be the best thing that ever happen to we . the house just be not the same without you . shelley 's eye well up a bit at this news . shelley really ? maria of course . you be the best housemother any sorority have ever see . they hug . 126 98. shelley oh my g-d , I have to thank marvin . and where 's that big bird , I have like to thank it , too . maria shelley , forget about the -- I will pass on you thanks to the bird . shelley ( break the hug ) so what happen with rush ? maria well , we have ton of girl interested , but no one show up because Ashley steal we bid . we have no proof but she do . shelley so the house be go ? maria yeah . we be suppose to go in front of the pan-hellenic council on Monday to make it official but I do not think any of we be even go to show up . we be humiliate enough in we life . shelley look at the old photo on the wall of hef and he exploit throughout the year . she stop in front of the one she be stare at before and pull it off the wall . shelley maybe someone else do . int . pan -hellenic council meeting 126 a large auditorium style classroom . it be fill with sorority and fraternity type . there be a table at the front with Ashley and a couple of other '' Greek '' leader . there be also a large screen and a projection system . Mrs. hagstrom and Mr. Walker , she fraternity counterpart , be obviously run thing . mr . WALKER so the new goal for fund - raise next semester be two thousand dollar per house . ( more ) 99 . mr . WALKER ( cont 'd ) anyone come in above that will be honore in we yearly banquet . all that in favor say aye . everyone aye . on the big screen the group shot from the Zeta 's appear . mrs . hagstrom now , we last order of business . unfortunately , not all of we will be here next year . shelley and all the girl enter at the back of the auditorium . mrs . hagstrom ( cont ’d ) for the fifth year in a row the Zeta 's do not fulfill they rush requirement so they will be de - certified and they house put up for sale . all that in favor say ..... shelley make she way down the center aisle . everyone hub - bub . shelley not so fast . I have one piece of business that I think everyone will want to see , before you get to you piece . mrs . hagstrom please miss darlington , you be not a housemother anymore . you do not even have a house . this fine institution of higher learn will be much better off without a band of misfit lead by a wanna be porn star . this institution be and always will be hose bag free . shelley I could not have say it better myself . the crowd ... huh , what ? carrie mae get the guy run the projector in a headlock and mona drop in the slide . it isa picture of hef from woodstock . he be stand next to a very muddy , very naked , very hairy hippy . on closer examination we see that it be a young Mrs. hagstrom and she be grab hef 's crotch . the crowd burst into heat conversation . 100 . shelley ( cont ’d ) be this the type of value we would like to promote Mrs. hagstrom ? mrs . hagstrom that be not I ! shelley then I guess there must be two people who have a freaky mole on they neck that look like a puppy . mona drop another slide in and we see that it be a close up of the mole on the hippy 's neck . Mrs. hagstrom cover she neck and start to stutter . mrs . hagstrom but ... I mean ... it be the sixty . ( she go for the projector ) you can not blame I I be shroom . the hubbub go crazy . Mr. Walker bang a gavel on the table to get everyone to calm down . mr . WALKER while this be without a doubt the most interesting meeting I have be to in a while , I think it be time to resolve this issue and move on . so here be how it be go to work . we be all go to start over . Mrs. hagstrom , you be gonna tone it down and act like a human be again from now on with or without the assistance of mushroom . Mrs. hagstrom nod in agreement . mr . WALKER ( cont 'd ) as for the girl of phi- mu , I wish I could put you on probation for be mean and nasty people but I can not so I will just tell you , try to be less bitchy . the girl be shocked . mr . WALKER ( cont 'd ) you hear I . 127 101 . he turn to the Zeta 's . mr . WALKER ( cont 'd ) and that bring we to the Zeta 's , you be go to keep you house , you dignity , and you self esteem , but maybe you could shave you leg every once in a while ? the Zeta 's nod in agreement then celebrate , all gather around shelley and hugging she . mr . WALKER ( cont 'd ) but next year you will get enough pledge and meet all the other requirement or we will be back here . maria yes sir ! Ashley walk over and angrily whisper to Mrs. hagstrom . ashley and you yell at I for wear open to shoe ! the beer pong dude stand up . Beer pong dude can we get a copy of that picture ? mona it 's all yours . mona fling it out into the crowd . Beer pong dude great . I be gonna post it on www.need-a-trim.com. everyone laugh except Mrs. hagstrom . int . zeta house - day 127 the girl all enter the house . everyone be celebrate they victory . maria that be awesome shelley . you save we again . 128 102 . shelley hef and marvin get a lot of the credit , too . maria this be so great . everything work out perfectly . shelley well , not perfectly . Real perfection would be I and Oliver together right now . but that can never be cause I move to Peru and only leave he a note . tanya but you do not really move to Peru . shelley I know that but he do not . shelley walk towards the kitchen a little deject . int . zeta kitchen 128 as shelley enter she see Oliver stand under a banner that say '' welcome back from Peru shelley '' . he be hold a bouquet of flower . shelley shyly walk over to he . all the girl enter now . shelley how do you know I be back from Peru ? oliver a little bird tell I . shelley I get to meet this freakin bird and take he to dinner or something . maria me. I be the bird . I call Oliver up the minute I find out you be upset . shelley be touch . she put she hand over she heart . shelley ( to Maria ) this be what it must feel like to have a best friend . ( more ) 103 . shelley ( cont 'd ) ( to Oliver ) now I have to admit something to you . I do not go to Peru . oliver get out of here . everyone in the room laugh . shelley also , I be in playboy . oliver I know , shelly . and I have something to admit to you . I be totally wrong about say girl in playboy be bimbos . because you be the sweetest , funniest , most caring and generous girl I have ever meet in my life , not to mention you incredible brain and medium boob . shelley so ... you will be my boyfriend ? oliver heck yeah . I mean how many guy who manage a nursing home get to say they have a playmate centerfold for a girlfriend ? shelley actually I leave before we do the photo shoot . but if you have a camera I can be you personal private centerfold . oliver ( yell ) do anyone have a camera I can borrow right now ?!! i’1l give you everything I own !!!!!!!! shelley laugh as Oliver pull she in for a kiss . we see all the girl peek in at the kitchen door . everyone oooohhhh and ahhh . we hear a knock on the back door . the girl walk into the kitchen . mona shelley , it 's for you . marvin enter the room , still shirtless , carry a suitcase . 104 . shelley marvin , what be you do here ? marvin I have be hire as the Zeta House 's new butler . since you will be take class next semester , you will need someone to help out around here . oh , and hef want I to let you know that the Zetas have a lifetime pass into the mansion . the girl all react , psyched . shelley marvin , I guess all I can say be ... welcome to my new family ! marvin lady . I be at you disposal . shelley disposal . right . I think the garbage disposal be break . after you fix that we will take some mangorita on the front porch . marvin not a problem . all the girl come in for a group hug as we fade . music and credit under credit we see a rockin 's zeta houseparty include shelley , oliver and all the resident of the nursing home party with the Zetas and other student .