the adventure of Priscilla Queen of the Desert 1 . mitzi . I have never be to I . heckles from the crowd , and eventually someone throw a empty beer can at she head . Felicia come out to help mitzi up . Felicia . be you okay ? mitzi . yeah . mitzi go to the dress room , leave Felicia on stage . Felicia . oh well that be fuck charming you gutless pack of dickhead ! heckler . oh fuck off you tallentless dog ! Felicia . what be that ? heckler . show we you pink bit . Felicia . no , I do not think I will . now do you know why this microphone have such a long cord ? so it 's easily retrieve after I have shove it up you arse ! 2 . Hotel dress room Felicia . what the fuck 's go on out there tonight ? be you hurt ? alright , which one of you bitch shat on my breast ? a very glamourous phone be place in front of tick . " tick darling , it 's for you " tick . hello ? woman 's voice . ding Dong ! avon call . howdy sunshine . Long time no hear . 3 . hospital corridor flashback . a doctor rip off he surgical mask and hand it to the nurse . Doctor . where ? nurse . emergency Ward a door fling open as he see 's mitzi , do up in ellaborate drag . Doctor . Mr belrose ? mitzi . yes . 4 . HOTEL dressing room . woman 's voice . so how about it ? 5 . on STREET fights be go on , and it be raining 6 . bernadette's appartment phone ring and a manly hand pick up the reciever . bernadette. ( cry ) yeah ? tick . bernadette , it 's tick . sorry to call you so late , but I . hey be you okay ? bernadette . no , I be not . tick . what the matter ? bernadette . trumpet just die . 7 . cemetary Group of people , include drag queen , and other , for trumpet 's funeral . follow funeral . bernadette . it 's not fair . I have spend half my life and all my life savings try to snag a sympathetic husband and the selfish shit go and die on I . tick . twenty five year old and he go and slip in a bathroom . bernadette . he do not slip . he be peroxide he hair at home again and he asphyxiate on the fume . tick . I have get to get some space . I have be offer a job out of town bernadette . that 's nice . tick . why do not you come with I ? I need some help and I think we could both use the break . bernadette . you be not wrong . where be it ? tick . Alice Springs . bernadette . you have get to be fuck joke . 8 . tick' appartment . tick be demonstrate a gaudy arrangement of facial product to a potential customer . tick . wo-man be a unique range of specialty facial product design for the more .heavy duty woman in all of we . now this week phone ring excuse I . bernadette . how long be the run ? tick . four week . equity minimum , two show a night , accomodation include . bernadette . I can not just sit around here cry all the time . Jesus . my mascara keep run , I look like a raccoon . tick . good girl . that 's the spirit . bernadette . here 's hope the desert be big enough for the two of we tick . ahhhh Three of we . 9 . tick' appartment Adam . sing . a desert holiday let 's pack the drag away . you take the lunch and tea I will take the ecstasy . fuck off you silly queer I be get outta here . a desert holiday hip hip hip hip hooray ! bernadette . why ? tick . why not ? look , he 's turn into a bloody good little performer . bernadette . that 's right . a bloody good little performer . twenty four hour a day , seven day a week . I think we be get away from all this shit ! Adam . two 's company three 's a party bernadette my sweet . bernadette . we be unplugge we curling wand and go bush , Felicia . why would you possibly want to leave all this glamour for a hike into the middle of nowhere ? Adam . do you really want to know ? bernadette . desperately . Adam . well , ever since I be a lad , I have have a dream . a dream that I now , finally , have a chance to fulfil . bernadette . and that be ? Adam . to travel to the centre of Australia , to climb king canyon , as a queen , in a full length gautier sequin , heel and a tiara . bernadette . great , that 's just what this country need . a cock in a frock on a rock . tick . oh get back in you kennel , both of you . now the first thing we have to work out be how we be go to get there . 10 . CITY STREET . Adam climb down off a silver bus Adam . taa daaa what do you think ? tick . when do we have to return it to the school ? Adam . we do not . we own it . tick . what ? Adam . I meet some nice sweedish tourist call lar , lar and lar , and coax it out of they for ten thousand buck . bernadette . but we can not afford it . Adam . well , that 's right . grab a bottle of champagne and look at it admiringly . mummy , maybe a trip to the outback would help I get over this little phase I be go through . I hereby christen this budget barbi camper " Priscilla , Queen of the desert . " smash bottle on roo bar of bus . bernadette . that 's get to be the understatement of the century 12 . tick' appartment wo-man product be be stuff into bag . 13 . bernadette appartment . a enormous shoe collection . 14 . adam' appartment Adam argue with he mother about what he will take . 15 . CITY STREET outside HOTEL cut to start of the Epic jog across the continent , and also to the Bus , as it be prepare to leave . the crowd at the bus be overpower the small crowd start the jogger . bernadette . lady , start you engine . 16 . bus travells along while singing 17 . bernadette drive 18 . adam be drive 19 . tick be drive Adam . how long have we be on the road ? bernadette . four and a half hour Adam . Christ . I have get a split headache already go to the makeshift drink fridge . happy hour !!!! bernadette . mother 's ruin pour moi ! tick . Long Island tea . Adam . and a stolli and tonic for I . 20 . country plain . 21 . bus . Adam be drive . tick . well listen to this one . after we do the Abba show , Kevin have one of that liposuction penis enlargement . Adam . he do not ? tick . you know what they do ? they siphon all the fat out of you love handle and actually inject it into you wing wang Adam . yucky tuu . I suppose it give a whole new meaning to " crack a fat " though do not it ? bernadette . oh , listen to yourselves . you sound like two fat slag at a pie bake off . Adam . you contribution top the conversation have not exactly make headline , bernice . bernadette . gee , poor kevin 's dick . there can not be much room down there with he brain take up so much space already . no. I will join this conversation on the proviso that we stop bitching about people , talk about wig , dress , bust size , penise , drug , night club , and bloody Abba . tick . do not give we much to talk about then do it ? Adam . whisper can you confirm a rumor for I ???? be it true that she real name be Ralph ? tick motion for he to shut up . 22 . roadside . Adam be cooking sausage . Adam . how do you like you little boy girl ? silence you do not have to answer that if you do not want to . bernadette > oh my God . what be this ? Outback with benny Hill ? tick . just leave mine outside the door at about 8 be along with orange juice and toast please . Adam . why certainly Madame . and would you like vegemite or jam with that ? tries to open door but it be lock ah knock knock . room service . tick . cant you read the sign ? do not disturb ! please come back in the morning . Adam . oh ha ha girl . open the door . tick . goodnight bernice . bernadette . goodnight mitzi. Adam . open the door . oepen the fuck door ! okay , if you do not open the door I be go to sing . Fine you ask for it . begins sing " I do not care if the sun do not shine " get louder as he belt the window of the bus . tick . night John boy . 23 . deep country 24 . bus Adam be drive Adam . I be seriously fall asleep bernadette . no , it 's you shift and you be go to stick to it . serve you right for stay out all night . slut . Adam . well , I be not go to make it . bernadette . " I do not care if the sun do not shine . " Adam . oh , fuck off grandma . bernadette look totick , who be look out the window twist he huge diamond ring around he finger bernadette . be you alright ? tick . I be fine . I be just think . bernadette go to put on lip stick , and Adam play with the brake make she eventually smear it up she face . Adam . sorry shit !!!!!!!!! screaches bus to a halt tick . what be it ? 25 . scrubby hill Adam . perhaps we should have fly 26 . desert the bus be a tiny speck in the distance 26 . bus bernadette play " I spy " with the other . Adam . witchety grub . you turn . bernadette . I spy with my little eye something beginning with R Adam . rectum ? bernadette . no Adam . Ring pirate ? bernadette . no tick . Road ? bernadette . alright what 's the matter with you ? tick . nothing darling . bernadette . do not darling I darling . look at you . you have get a face like a cat 's arse . come on . fess up . tick . I be just worried about the show , that 's all . like , we have not do any rehearsals yet and . bernadette . we have get two week for Christ 's sake . that 's plenty of time to rehearse . now what 's you problem ? tick . it 's not a problem . I just want this show to be good . that 's all . it 's get to be good . Adam . how the fuck do you get this job mitzi my darling ? I mean , who be this fish who run this bloody hotel in the middle of nowhere anyway ? you mother . tick . no , my wife . Adam . what ? do not tell I you have get a ex - boyfriend tuck away out here somewhere . tick . no. my wife . I be marry . 28 . bus bernadette hit the break and there be sound of fall bottle . 29 . church altar flashback 30 . desert . tick . and when the joint bank account run dry after a couple of year I guess I preffere she wedding ring to mine . so no drama . we swap and call it a day . Adam . this be get too weird . you and a woman . what do she use to do for kick ? put a bucket over you head and swing off the handle ? tick . you know there be two thing I do not like about you Felicia .. you face . so how about shutting both of they . Adam . well at least this explain you abysmal bat average mitz . I often wonder why you dance card be so empty . I take it you never get a divorce then ? . well girl , what can I say ? here 's to a secret very well keep . bernadette . shame it 's not go to stay that way . be not it ? Adam . mmmmmm get any more surprise you 'de like to share with we ? have not get any kid stashed away out there as well have you ? tick . look . I have not lie about anything . after six year I get a phone call out of nowhere scream for help . and Christ know I owe she a couple of favour . I be sorry that I never tell you . I be not sorry that you be here . bernadette . do not worry about it doll . I be as jealous as hell . 31 . desert , bus hurtle across the plain . 31 . card game on bus tick . what ? Adam . so be it a big wedding ? get lot of pressy do we ? I just wish I be old enough to be there . tick . oh ha ha Adam . I would have buy you a lovely match set of hers and hers bath mat . tick . give it a rest . Adam . not on you life . imagine . mitzi the magnificent and she blush bride . mowing that lawn must have be murder on that heel though . tick . Al right Felicia , that 's enough . let 's put some money in that seethe cesspool mouth of yours . if I win this game , you will never mention my wife , ever , in my presence again ok Adam . and if I win ? tick . name you price Adam . well now , what would I like more than anything in the world ? tick . SNAP , better be quick . 33 . broken hill mitzi and Felicia step out onto the street all dolled up in exagerate drag . mitzi . what the fuck be I do ? take that bloody frock off Felicia . do not make it worse than it be . Felicia . think I will let you get all the attention ? no chance . come on girl , let go shopping bernadette . for Christ 's sake , 34 . broken hill . the girl make they way down the main street amidst look of amazement from local . 35 . mario' palace bernadette . you have get to be kid . owner . welocome to mario 's Palace . come in . what can I do for you ? would you like a room Madame . 36 . HOTEL room mitzi . oh tackorama ! who the hell do all the painting around here ? bernadette . someone with no arm or right foot by the look of it . Felicia . for goodness sake , get down off that crucifix . someone need the wood . mitzi . what fuuuuuuuun . baby bottle of booze . bernadette . uh gather round girl , I will show you a trick . you drink the gin . fill the empty bottle with water and put it back in the fridge . mitzi . va t'em vous . what about the scotch ? bernadette . that 's where the complimentary tea bag come in handy . mitzi . very clever . Felicia . cheer girl . and congratualtion mitzi darling . you do it . one lap of the Broken Hill main drag in drag !!! that will teach you to take on the fairmont boy School SNAP champion . bernadette . here 's to get off that fuck bus . all . chooker ! Felicia . so , all dolled up and nowhere to go . bernadette . well I sure as shit have no intention of sit here for the rest of the evening Felicia . I be in . mitzi . oh alright . here 's hope they have a decent coctail bar . 37 . HOTEL bar . everyone look at they as they enter in drag . bernadette : hello . could I have a gin and tonic , a bloody Mary and a lime daquari please . enter shirley , a butch bitch . shirley : well , look what the cat drag in ! what do we have here then ? a couple of show girl eh ? where do you lady just come in from ? Uranus ? bernadette : could I please have a .. shirley : no ! you can not have nothing ! we get nothing here for people like you . nothing ! bernadette : now listen here you mullet . why do not you just light you tampon and blow you box apart , because it 's the only bang you be ever go to get sweetheart . raucous laughter from the crowd in the bar . 38 . later in the bar . all be very drunk and mitzi be share she expertise on she facial product mitzi : now what could be more soothing than come home after a hard day down the mine to the woman in we all . now do not send any money .. meanwhile bernadette and shirley be have a drink contest . shirley : shit , all I can see be female impersonator . miner : this have get to be a first . nobody have ever out drunk old shirl before . where do you learn to throw they back like that ? felicia : that 's we girl bernadette . I just know that stumbling around the pub circuit with Les Girls for two hundred year must have teach she something . miner : you be a bloody marvel bernie . bernadette : bernadette please . miner : what be that ? bernadette : my name be not bernie . felicia : she say she name be not bernie it 's Ralph . 39 . HOTEL room bernadette : what do you call I ? felicia : what do you call I what ? bernadette : what do you call I back there , in the bar ? felicia : sorry . Ralph . huge fight break out . arm and leg everywhere . bernadette have the upper hand . 40 next morning . they walk out to the balcony of the hotel . bernadette and Felicia be still argue . 41 . balcony they stop in they track when they see they bus with the word aids fucker go home !. 41 '' 45 petrol station . Adam go in and buysthe petrol they have just put in the bus . the old man hand Adam a box of paint . man : hope it still work . do not have much call for it out here . where you bloke from ? adam : Uranus . 46-47 bus tick : there bernadette : I hope you know what you be do . tick : if we stick to the seal road we will be at it for at least two day . bernadette : take the short cut 48-49 bus lat traviata be hear as we see the bus fly along the dirt road . suddenly we see Felicia sit atop a big silver slipper , miming the world . bernadette : one more push , I be gonna smack he face so hard he will have to stick a toothbrush up he arse to clean he tooth . 50 . bus tick : I tell you not to use the R word and what do you go and do ? adam : I be only have fun . tick : fun ? what else do you do for amusement ? slam you finger in car door ? what 's the point ? adam : I like see people get hot head ok ? it give I a kick . tick : be it true that when you be bear the doctor slap you mother ? what sort of bent childhood do you grow up in Adam whitely ? 51 . flashback to adam' bathroom . uncle : Adam ? come here boy . come and sit over here . ( smile ) would you like to have some fun with uncle Barry ? we be gonna play a special game , but you can not tell anyone . never , ever ever . now what I want you to do be put you hand down here and pull very gently Adam put he hand in the water and suddenly he uncle 's eye widen and he go all pale . Jesus Christ adam ! get help ! Adam , uncle Barry 's ping pong be stick in the drain . get mummy . adam : no uncle : what do you mean , no !? 52 . bus adam : never , ever ever ever .. you know the best part ? mum be out play golf and the dirty old fuck be stick there for seven hour . and I think they be small and wrinkle before they get in the water . 53- 54 . bus Adam be drive . adam : hey , I get a joke . who want to hear a joke ? come on bernie . it 's so funny , you will laugh so hard you lash will curl up by themselves . bernadette : do tell we you hillarious joke . adam : well , many moon ago there be this very famous bunch of indian call the fuckawei tribe . and one day the son of the great indian Chief say to he father , " dad , why be my friend Little Hawk call Little Hawk ? " and he father say . tick & bernadette : why do you ask , two dog Fucking ? adam : that 's not the end of the joke . so anyway , back to I . shit ! tick : what 's happen ? adam : I do not know . the bus grind to a halt and then silence . bernadette : oh my god 55 . next morning they all stand at the stair of the bus . bernadette : oh Felicia where the fuckawei ? felicia : shit shit shit !!! 56 . camp site tick : well , I have have a look around , and I think we can safely assume that I now know less about motor car than I do when I first lift up that .. bonnety thing . bernadette : now what ? tick : let 's just not think about it for the moment and eat breakfast shall we ? bernadette : that 's a novel idea . let 's stuff ourselves to death . imagine the headline . whale beach themselves in the outback . mystrey broomstick Dead in drag . adam : there 's no point in walk back . the only life I see for the last million mile be the hypnotise bunny and most of they be now wedge in the tyre . tick : somebodie 's sure to drive past . we will keep the fire burn . bernadette : yes , and toast marshmallow for when they arrive . what if they do not drive past ? tick : look , you be not help here . just eat you hormone . bernadette : Hell . why do not we stick to the main road ? tick : what difference do it make now ? bernadette : you get we into this Antony belrose , and I suggest you start think about how to get we back or I do not fancy you chance of ever try to be a husband again . Jesus , what be we go to do ? adam : we be go to start off with a facelift . nothing like a new frock to brighten up you day . 57 . camp tick : purple ? adam : it 's not purple . it 's lavender . what do you think ? tick : it 's nice . in a hideous sort of a way . bernadette jump out of the bus in she walk heel and head towards the road . where be you go ? bernadette : if you think I be go to sit around watch Picasso take on the the public transport system , you have get another think come . I will be back with the cavalry in a couple of hour . adam : there go a transexual , last see head south . we call she bernie but she real name be tick : Adam . 58-63 the camp and the desert bernadette be out in the desert while Adam continue to paint the bus . tick get dress up in a lime green dress and compose move to " I will survive " . we see a puff of dust and bernadette realise it be a car in the distance . bernadette : help ! help ! 64 . in car ma : what 's that pa ? PA : what ? ma : up there you nong . look like a woman . they pull up and bernadette run to the car exhaust . bernadette : oh thank God . 65 . camp bernadette : thank you . I can not tell you how grateful I be . adam : bernie , I never think I would be so glad to see you . tick : I be just draw up the will . bernadette : tony , Adam , come and meet we saviour . this be Mr and Mrs Spencer . adam & tick : hello the spencer drive off so fast none can catch they . adam : no! wait ! oh shit . oh for goodness sake look at yourself mitzi . how many time have I tell you ? Green be not you color ! 66 . camp '' dusk tick : do you think about trumpet much ? bernadette : no. trumpet be just a nice kid who have a thing about transsexuals . lot of people do . sort of a bent status symbol . you know , " do you know my boyfriend use to be a girlfriend ? " that sort of thing . always good for a supper invite . still , it be better than nothing . adam : nothing , nothing for mile . can you hear the drum Fernando ? bernadette : I have say it once and I will not say it again no more Fucking abba ! tick : okay , if we have the time , we may as well put it to good use . come on girl . of ya snatch . rehearsal time . 67 . camp they practise a routine to I will survive . they turn around and see a aboriginal .. everyone scream . aboriginal : hello , nice night for it . 67 . aboriginal camp tick : I think we just crash a party . aboriginal : no , come on . you will be alright . here welcome to my office . adam : bernice , I do not know what could have possibly possese you to wear that to a corroboree bernadette : shut you face . the song end tick : bravo adam : fabulous tick : well girl , I guess it 's we turn . 68 . they perform I will survive to the aboriginal audience to they delight . near the end they see the aboriginal man dance to the side . bernadette : hey take a look at that . mitzi : I have get a idea . 70-71 . desert aboriginal : so you actually make money by dress up like a woman ? tick : oh sure . you can make a fine live in a pair of heel . why Alan ? do you want a job ? 72 . in bus adam : oh if only this dress could talk . you know , sometimes I wonder where I get my taste from . definitely not my mother . oh well . serve I right for let she buy I all this awful clothes . bernadette : what 's this ? adam : that my darling , be my most treasure possession in the whole wide world . bernadette : but what be it ? adam : well , a few year ago , I go on a pilgrimage backstage after a abba concert hope to grab a audience with her Royal highness agnetha . well , when I see she dash into the lady loo , naturally I follow she in . and after she would finish she business I duck into the cubicle only to find she would leave I a little gift , sit in the toilet bowl . bernadette : what be you tell I ? this be a abba turd ? adam : I know what we can do with this 73-76 desert bernadette : be you right ? adam : okay , go . the kite soar into the air revealing a blow up doll with a orange dress . tick arrive sit in a tow truck . tick : there ! bernadette : fuck it . drop the string and the kite fly away bob : afternoon , what seem to be the problem ? 77 . TOWNSHIP bernadette : what a nice dog . what 's he name ? man : herpes . if she 's good , she will heal bob : thing get pretty quiet around here . we be a bit starve for entertainment tick : glad we could oblige . how do it look ? bob : well , you gas tank 's chock - a- block full of crud . travel on a rough road on a low tank chuck it all up into the motor . you fuel line 's block and you injector be stuff . tick : so do that mean you can fix it ? bob : in the short term what you bloke need be a new gas tank . tick : I do not suppose you have one lie around bob : no. sorry . I could pick one up in coober pedy in about a week . when do you have to be in Alice ? tick : six day . bob : well , we can clean it out and hope for the best . it might make it . we will not know unless you give it a try . cynthia : lemonade here I make . bob : that 's very nice darling . but please go back inside . cynthia : lemonade here I make . lemonade for guest bob : no darling please . cynthia : put ina mo ! ( son of a bitch ) I make chocolate crackle 78 . bob' house cynthia : thank you . we put cream on ? tick : no no , it 's face cream . for face bernadette : Bob , Cynthia , thank you . I love lamb with meringue . bob : thank you for the company . like I say . New face be rather hard to come by out here . if you do not mind I ask , what be you do off the highway ? adam : now that 's a good question bob : glad you bother . we do not get you type out here very often . cynthia : I like to sing . I like bob : yeah pretty damn quiet . think of open a video business for a while , but I suppose we have get to wait to get television first . cynthia : I perform for you . I dance too . bob : my wife use to be in the entertainment business . cynthia : yeah . you perform here ? bob : be you think of perform here ? I mean you have get to be here at least another night . tick : the think have not really cross my mind . bob : well why not ? I could have a word to wally in the pub . everybody would love it . tick : I do not think we show would go down too well out here . bob : if you do not mind I ask , what kind of cabaret do you do ? adam : we dress up in woman 's clothes and parade around mouth the word to other people song bob : you mean sort of like that . what do you call they ? ' les girl ' oh yeah , I have see they . Way back in Sydney when I be a young bloke . fantastic . just terrific . tick : Bob , you be look at probably the most famous ' Les girl ever produce . bob : you be kid I ? bernadette : oh give I a break . I be not that famous . tick : I be not joke . bob : what ? I would not really have see you . that must have be thirty year back . adam : oh you would be surprised . cynthia : I perform for you . I sing . bob : no Cynthia . you no perform . they perform not you . cynthia : put ina mo ! manigas ka! ( son of a bitch , get stuff ) bob : a real live ' Les girl show ? right , this call for a celebration . 79 - 80 . pub the girl be get ready . bernadette : maybe this be not such a good idea . felicia : oh shut ya twat . we frock be the sensation of break Hill remember ? bernadette : there be a k - Mart in Broken Hill . at least they know what a frock be . Christ , you should see what this woman be wear . it 's not a frock . it 's a piece of coorugate iron . bob : can I come in ? felicia : only if you be single bob : oh you look incredible . mitzi : where do we find this guy ? felicia : just keep dish out the compliment Bob flattery will get you everywhere . now where 's that lovely wife of yours ? bob : she 's at home . she 's not allow in the pub any more . mitzi : really ? why ? bob : she 's get a problem with alcohol . every time she get in the pub she make a complete fool of herself . mitzi : oh I know how she feel . bob : well we be all wait . be you ready ? bernadette : Bob , we be have second thought . bob : you can not back out now . every man and he dog be out there . bernadette : they be not chain up by any chance ? bob : oh you bloke .. sorry . you girl . look you will be fine . take my word for it . 81-82 . house and pub Cynthia be get distress because she want to go to the pub . cynthia : manga hayop ! manga animal ! papakita kosakanilaakoy kakanta at akoy sasa yaw ! ( mangy animal bunch of animal I will show they . I will sing . I will dance ) she pick the lock on the cupboard contain the ping pong ball and be delighted . benadette , mitzi and felicia be in the middle of they performance when erotic music start and everyone know what be about to happen bernadette : what the Hell 's go on ? mitzi : she 's not be she ? felicia : oh you can not do that with a ping pong ball bernadette : you want to bet ? mitzi : oh no no .. oh God ! Cynthia be remove forcefully from the pub . 83 . bob' garage bob : darling , do not go . there 's nothing we can not work out . cynthia : you no good man bob : do not be silly . cynthia : you want good wife , you be good husband . bob : darling do not go . cynthia : I not like you anyway . you get little dingale . bob : some day you just should not get out of bed . if you want my opinion , I think you should stay here until I get back from coober pedy with a new tank . but then again you listen to my last opinion . bernadette : forget it Bob . it 's time we make a move . I be just a gift amateur around here . there 's no way a nice frock and a catchy tune can compete with three ping pong ball , two cigarettes and a pint of beer . tick : if we break down we break down . I will play it safe and stick to the main drag . pardon the pun . well , good bye Bob . thanks for the very educational stay . adam : yes I would do anything to be able to open a bottle like that . bob : bernadette , it have certainly be a honor meeting a member of Les Girls . bernadette : and may I say it have be a hounour to have meet a gentleman . believe I Bob , this day gentleman be a endangered species . unlike bloody drag queen who just keep breeding like rabbit they begin to drive away when the bus pack it in again . tick : Bob ????? Fancy a free ride to coober pedy ? 84-89 bus adam : now listen bob. let 's get a few thing straight . we may wear the frock around here , but that do not mean you wear the pants . bob : where do I sleep ? adam : oh anywhere that take you fancy bob : the roof will do I fine . tick : thank you Bob , I do not know what to say bob : that 's alright . I may as well get there a few day earlier . a bit of r&r . God know I need it . Felicia be back on the roof miming La traviata bob : May I ask you a personal question ? I mean if you do not mind bernadette : sure . bob : why ? why do you .. you know .. bernadette : you mean the sixty - four thousand dollar question .. flashback to ralph's childhood mum : that 's the girl . now , do not tear the wrapping paper . just slide the ribbon off and we can see what santa 's bring you ! here it come now . what be it ? it 's a it 's a .. cement mixer . have you be change the card around again Ralph ? bus bernadette : so I guess I have no choice in the matter the bus hit a bump felicia : oh for fuck sake ! watch where you be drive you stupid bitch ! what be you try to do ? Fucking kill I or something ? bob : my fault . felicia : nicely sorry Bob . I think it be bernadette . 90 . camp Bob be under the bonnet show bernadette thing while Adam and tick be dance in the dirt . adam : who teach you to waltz ? tick : my wife . adam : oh how sweet . you and the Mrs. down at Arthur Murray 's every Tuesday night practise you little heart out . make I want to sick up . bob : married ? bernadette : yes marry . we have only recently discover that young Anthony here bat for both team . tick : I do not . adam : so we be straight tick : no . adam : we be not ? so we be a do nut puncher after all ? tick : no . adam : then what the Hell be we ? tick : I do not fuck know . the runner run past they , but they only see a flash light . bernadette : what the fuck 's that adam : good evening . Nice night for it . oh ok . goodnight then . bernadette : what a rude woman . 91-95camp bob : and that 's the power steering pump , and that 's the radiator fan . bernadette : how interesting . adam : hey ! who want the first bath ? they all run to the lake and bath and splash about bob : can I help you madame ? Bob stick he head out from under the bonnet after fix it again . bob : okay turn it over the bus start and they head off again to the tune of I don't care if the SUN don't shine . they finally arrive in coober pedy . 96 . coober pedy bob : that 's it over there . it 's a okay room with a shower tick and bernadette : bag first adam : be hot water all you can think about ? bernadette : no . a shower , a comfortable bed and a nice meal will do I fine . adam : if you think I be go to crawl into the sack and watch tellevision you have get another think come . bob : now you bloke watch you back . this be a pretty tough little town . they get up in the morning , they go down a hole , they blow thing up and then theycome up again . that just about sum it up . adam : oh fabulous . bernadette : you be welcome to hang out with we if you have get nothing better to do . bob : I be meeting some of the boy down at the old drive in for a booze up like the old day adam : I want to go with Bob . I want to go to the boy club bernadette : you will come and have supper with we , Adam whitely , or you will stay in you room by yourself and watch tv . 97-100 . coober pedy night Adam be bored in the underground hotel room so he fish through he bag till he find something interesting in it . bernadette and tick be in the restaurant . tick : he 's a good man we Bob . bernadette : yeah , not my type though tick : oh do not come the raw prawn with I . I can spot the flutter of a bead lash from three hundred pace . bernadette : get out . he 's far too old . mind you , so be i. do you catch that mail order bride ? why do he marry she ? I be die to ask . tick 's expression change oops sorry . do not worry about it . you be the world best husband and give the chance you would probably be a perfectly good father too . tick : do you really think so ? bernadette : why ? be you think about child ? tick : yes , as a matter of fact . Felicia be walk through the street dress in drag and stop at the video store . she step in and walk up to the attendant . felicia : do you have the TEXAS chainsaw mascara ? 101 . restraunt tick : ever want kid ? bernadette : sure , but I have learn not to think about it . tick : do you think a old Queen 's capable of raise a child ? bernadette : well , Elizabeth do a pretty good job . Prince Charles be a wonderful boy . tick : Edward 's still a bit of a worry . and what happen if they turn out like Adam ? bernadette : you stuff they back in and ask for a refund . stupid little shit . I dread to think what he 's up to . 102 . drive in felicia : hello , I be new in town keg : no kid . felicia : could I have a bloody Mary please . keg : it 's beer or nothing sweetheart felicia : well , I would better have a beer then . what be you all look at ? frank : I be sorry . do not mean to stare . we do not usually get woman down here . felicia : oh so what do woman do around here besides watch video ? well well well !!!!!!! look who we have here frank : you know that bloke do you ? felicia : no , so , who 's go to show I the sight ? frank : it would be my pleasure . Felicia raise she glass and Frank see that she have hairy arm , and smashes the glass out of she hand felicia : I suppose a fuck 's now out of the question come on boy . who want to see my map of tasmania !??????????? 103-104 . night time bernadette : so I never have a chance to tell my parent what a wonderful childhood I would have . they never speak to I again after I would have .. the chop . tick : I have something to tell you . suddenly Felicia run past the restaurant be chase by Frank and he bulldog gang . they run behind the garage . bernadette : oh shit ! felicia : okay fella let not forget how to treat a lady . frank : you Fucking freak ! felicia : no , please frank : hold he down . spread he leg . bob : Frank , stop ! what the fuck do you think you be do ? frank : you mean you do know this cocksucker ? bob : get off he you mongrel ! he be joke ok ? now you leave the bugger alone . frank : get out of there Bob !!!!! bob : cut it out Frank . frank : get the fuck out of the way , Bob , or you will be next bob : Frank ! frank : get out of there !!!!!!!!! bernadette : oh stop flex you muscle you big fuck pile of budgie turd ! I be sure you mate would be much more impressed if you just go back to the pub and fuck a couple of pig on the bar . bob : bernadette please . frank : bernadette ? well , I will be darn ! the whole bloody circus be in town . I suppose you want a fuck too ? come on bernadette . come on and fuck I . that 's it . come on . come on and fuck I . come on fuck I . bernadette suddenly knee Frank in the ball and frank fall to the ground in agony . bernadette : there , now you be fuck . 105 . HOTEL room tick : you stupid bloody idiot . drug for Christ 's sake . well three cheer for you . I hope you be bloody well happy now . stupid bloody fuck witt ! Adam begin to cry and bernadette sidle over to he . bernadette : it 's funny . we all sit around mindlessly slagging off that vile stink - hole of a city . but in it 's strange way it look after we . I do not know if that ugly wall of suburbia have be put up to stop they get in or we get out . come on . do not let it drag you down . let it toughen you up . I can only fight because I have learn to . be a man one day and a woman the next be not a easy thing to do . 106-113 bus & camp Bob try to get a gas tank but to no available so they carry on drive out from coober pedy . tick : well , be we bunny hopping all the way to Alice ? bob : no good , but he say the man to help we be a fair way out of town . bernadette : like how fair ? bob : a couple of hundred click fair . no matter . I have not get anything else to do today . let get out of here . come on Adam . tick : to Adam some thing be say in the heat of the moment . I be sorry I get angry at you last night , although I dare say you deserve it . anyway , that 's enough of that . you know this be quite a experience sit here with you now . I can quite safely say that I think you taste in clothing be absolutely terrible , because you can not say a word can you ? this be great fun . bernadette : we be go to have a problem find this guy with a tank be not we ? bob : why do you say that ? bernadette : because he 's not out here . bob : oh he 's out here . he 's in Alice . well , I can not go back to coober pedy for a while . not the most popular bloke in the world back there any more . flash back to a manilla hotel room bob : hello cynthia : hello . bob : who be you ? cynthia : I you wife . bob : best I be go home then cynthia : no , you not go . I come too . I you wife . see , I you wife . back to the bus bob : silly girl . should have do she home work better . she think I be from Sydney . tick : why in God 's name do you bring she home ? bob : she be my wife . adam : could not you sell she off ? bernadette : oh , the party 's over everybody . it talk . you can not keep a good bitch down . tick : what time do you think we will get to Alice Springs ? bob : late tomorrow arvo ? tick : and how long do you think you will be stay ? bob : I do not know . a couple of day maybe . hey a big day for you tomorrow . we all get to meet the Mrs . tick : I see that smile Felicia . one word , one derogatory word and I be take you back to you mate in coober pedy . look , please everyone . tomorrow go to be a little tough . please do not make it any harder than it have to be . bernadette : we be only teasing . we will not open we mouth until you give the word . then it 's open season . tick : oh well , time for bed . get to look good for the wife in the morning . come along Adam . time for you beauty sleep . come on . will you two be join we ? bernadette : I just think I would have one for the road . how about you Bob ? bob : sound good to I . tick : all right then . see you in the morning . night . tick and Adam spy from the bus as the conversation fireside get personal . bernadette : another piece of cake Bob ? bob : ah no . bernadette : so , tell I about you . bob : can not complain . life 's a lot simpler now . I spend thirty year wander around the world only to find I be better off where I start .. not much , but it 's my turf . 115-117 camp and final leg of trip tick : Adam ! adam : what ? tick : guess who do not come home last night ? I have wait all my life for this ! bernice have leave she cake out in the rain . tick and adam : hava nagila hava hang over hava nagila ya ya ya 118-121 lasiter HOTEL '' alice spring the bus rumble into Alice Springs and pull up at lasiter casino . tick : my fuck back be kill I bernadette : I need a crap . bob : do you want I to go in ? tick : no , I will go doorman : Excuse I sir , you cant park you bus here . be you plan on stay at the hotel ? tick : oh sorry . could you direct I to marion barber please ? we be the cabaret act from Sydney . doorman : oh yeah , right . well just go in through to receptionand they will take you right through . tick : thanks . doorman : it 's alright lenny . this be the drag queen adam : come on Bob . let 's go try on you nice new frock . doorman : g'day marion be on the phone . marion : no , that three keg do not arrive . I need they today . not tomorrow , but today . you be a doll . what a arse hole my god , husband husband ! it 's so good to see you . tick : hiya wife marion : you be a day late . I be just gather the search party . where be the other ? tick : oh they be outside . marion : you have lose weight you rotten old queer . tick : well it 's about fuck time . I can finally get into that old one piece of yours . you know , the one with the sun flower . marion : you still get that ? what the hell do you do with it ? tick : " the poisedon adventure " routine . you know , shelley winter . they act like they be swim where be he ? they go to the hotel dining room . marion : benj , do you remember tick ? benjamin : hello tick . tick : hello hospital flashback doctor : Mr belrose ? mitzi : yes ? doctor : congratulation . it 's a boy . as the bucket drop so do bernadette as she faint , hit she head on the floor as she fall flat out . everybody race to she aid . 124 . dressing room bernadette : for Christ 's sake , mitzi , why do not you tell we ? why the hell do you have to shock I like that ? this lump be get bigger by the second . I be about to make my Northern territory debut look like a fuck Warner Brothers cartoon character have hit I over the head with a iron . adam : I think you look more like a Disney witch myself . bernadette : oh shut you face Felicia . at least I do not look like somebody have try to open a can of bean with my make up . mitzi : I be sorry girl . I could not stand the think of you two bag I in the bus for two week . anyway what difference do it make now ? bernadette : about two inch difference to my head for one . mitzi : do you get a good look at he ? he 's get my profile that 's for sure . felicia : I think I be go to be sick . bernadette : I hate to be practical here but do he know who you be ? I mean , do he know what you do for a live ? mitzi : well , he know he have a father in the showbusiness / cosmetics industry bernadette : oh Lord , I do not understand . mitzi : no you do not understand . so stop try to . it will be fine . bernadette : it have better be . marion burst into the room . marion : oh , stop wear out that mirror felicia : you always knock before you enter ? marion : always ! why ? you have not get anything to hide in there have you ? alright girl , you be on in ten minute felicia : sweetheart , you have be on ever since you be bear . marion : hope you be ready to slay they . the word 's out . we have get a big crowd bernadette : like how big ? marion : a full house . mitzi : where 's benj ? marion : safe and sound . asleep in bed . do not you worry about a thing . okay my little powder puff ? there be a knock at the door bob : can I come in ? bernadette : now there 's a gentleman . of course you can Bob . bob : my aunt minnie in here ? do not mean to barge in . just want to wish you all good luck . felicia : thanks bob. hand bernadette flower . bob : to make up for what happen last time bernadette : thank you . that 's so thoughtful . marion : alright girl . let 's get this show on the road . you , out . that 's a ten minute curtain call . good luck . felicia : that 's quite a wife you have get there mitzi . what do she do in she spare time . Sand back the hull of oil rig with she tongue ? mitzi : she sure be something . chooker girl !!!!!! felicia : watch my jaw . bernadette : be careful of my head . mitzi : be not we fabulous ? 125-126 the show finally , by cc peniston voice over : lady and gentleman . lasseter 's casino in Alice Springs present miss mitzi Del bra , miss felicia jollygoodfellow and miss bernadette bassinger .. the sister of the simpson Desert ! the curtain open to reveal the three lady dress spectacularly as Australian Flowers . next they be emus and frill neck lizard , and finally they come down the step in Marie antoinette outfit which , when rearrange , become the Sydney Opera House . the crowd go wild and in the background mitzi see benj . and promptly pass out . adam : come on . snap out of it . bob : come on mate . adam : you will be fine . come on love . bob : that 's it mate . you scared we all for a minute . adam : you just have to have that extra little bit of attention do not you ? Nice one lovey . Nice one . 127 . restaurant tick : oh shit . what be you do marion ? marion : oh shush , drink you daiquiri tick : I hate bloody daiquiri . marion : no you do not . you love bloody daiquiri . least now I know why drag queen drink from such big glass . to make they hand look smaller . tick : oh ha ha ha . what be I mean to say to the boy ? I have never be so embarrased . marion : I think you be over reacting tick : really ? marion : yes . you be just be a drama queen . you be go to have to drop all that shit if you be go to be a good father . do not pretend to be surprised . I have keep my end of the bargain . now it 's you turn .. not forever . maybe just for a couple of month . tick : why now ? marion : because I have not have a holiday in eight year . I need a rest tick . I need some space . tick : remind I of something I say not so long ago . marion : well I do . and besides it 's time he know what he father be anyway . tick : that 's the problem . I mean , I do not know what to tell he . what do you assume I do ? lie ? marion : assumption , my dear mitzi , be the mother of all fuck up . do not bitch to I . bitch to he . tick : thanks for the free advice . 128-129 . HOTEL bernadette 's room . bernadette : who be it ? bob : it 's I Bob . you flower be be mangle . I think I would rescue they for you . bernadette : good idea . thanks Adam 's room . benj : what 's the matter ? adam : nothing . do you know what you father do for a live ? benj : yeah adam : so I suppose you know he do not really like girl . benj : do he have a boyfriend at the moment ? adam : no benj : neither do mum . she use to have a girlfriend but she get over she . do you want to come and play in my room ? I have get Lego . adam : sure . 130-132 go to king canyon bernadette : come on butch . get a move on . we can not brand the cattle all by ourselves . doorman : great show last night . do you always end a number like that ? tick : always . bernadette : how would you like to pick she up every night sundance ? doorman : be a pleasure . marion : I think that might include take the lady home every evening and tucking she into bed Jeff . doorman : what 's the pay like marion ? marion : oh that one 's go to get himself into trouble one day , and if you play you card right you might just be the lucky fellow . bob : come on , all aboard . tick : just watch it with the innuendo marion . at least give I a clear shot at this . marion : you call dress up as a xanadu production number a clear shot ? come on tick . who 's kid who around here ? he sure as shit be not . 133 . king canyon they be all play charade . Adam be up . marion : rock ---- rock Hudson . benj : my turn my turn he start miming a dingo and a lady scream for help bernadette : lindy Chamberlain . that be appaul benji . who teach you that ? benj : mum do . marion : lies , all lie . bernadette : I think so . come on Adam .. up .. time be against we and we have thing to do . come on you butch thing you . tick : no count I out . bernadette : all for one . adam : come on tick . bernadette : come on Adam . let 's get frocked 134 . near the creek . tick : so , what it like to finally have a father ? benj : it 's okay tick : sorry about last night . I do not always dress up in woman 's cloth . I mean do not get the wrong idea . I do lot of different stuff you know , like elvis and garry glitter and benj : abba ? I be not suppose to know about the abba show but I would really like to see it . would you do the abba show for I ? tick : sure . you know what I be do not you ? benj : mum say you be the best in the business . tick : well , you mum be always prone to exageration . benj : will you have a boyfriend when we get back to Sydney ? tick : maybe . come on ! benj : where be we go ? tick : we be go to unleash the best in the business . 135-136 the climb felicia : I have a dream . the ascension have begin . the three darg queen begin they climb . they foot be kill they and they be constantly swatting at fly . finally they arrive at the top and be dazzle by the sight before they . felicia : well , we do it . bernadette : it never end do it ? all that space . felicia : so what now ? mitzi : I want to go home . felicia : I too . bernadette : well then . let 's finish the show and go home . 137 . HOTEL entrance it be time to go home . doorman : do not go without leave I you number Sunshine . adam : already take care of Jeff . it 's at the far end of the man 's cubicle . " for a good time , phone Felicia . " benj : hey , can we stop at McDonalds on the way back ? adam : now that 's a good idea . I have have just about enough of this shitty food . Fucking caryfish . tick : I do not know . where the Hell do you start ? marion : oh stop it . Lay it on the line husband . do not conceal a thing . that 's the key . and if he do not like it , stiff bikky . he can always buy he own ticket back . tick : and what happen when the word get out that mitzi 's get a minor ? marion : that 's you problem , not he . he know when and where to listen . moral be a choice and he will decide he own when he 's good and bloody well ready . bob : that 's it . you be all pack . adam : you have get to be joke . we have not get bernadette 's shoe on board yet . bob : hate to say this but I wish I be go with you . you gas tank will be fine . you axle may be another matter . marion : I be sure the road home will be fill with bored mechanic wait for a bus full of drag queen to spirit they away to a better life . tick : I wish . we be not even go to spirit gum at this rate . where the hell be bernadette ? bernadette : here . adam : come on cabanossi tit . where be you bag ? benadette : in my room . I be not go . I have decide to stay here for a while . tick : oh really . and you be choose to tell we about this now ? marion : she tell I a few week back . just when I be look for somebody to handle the guest entertainment while I be away . adam : oh I get it . who 's be play hide the sausage then ? hat 's it . let 's get out of here before I throw up . come on benj . hope you can drive . marion : hey not without a hug . tick go over to bernadette . tick : be you sure ? bernadette : no , I be not sure . but I will never know unless I give it a shot . tick : I be jealous as all hell . bernadette : shit raccoon time again . they all board the bus and start off . benj : bye Ralph !!! Adam : yeah , see you Ralph !!! 138-139 . bus and newtown HOTEL . Adam begin to mime the word to mama mia . the scene then turn into the same hotel where we first meet the girl , still sing mama mia . mitzi : that 's enough . oh , my tit be fall down . thank you thank you . it 's good to be home !! credit to the song . save the best for last . 140 . chinese monastery garden a monk be walk in the garden when the blow up doll drag kite , lose in the desert sky earlier , come fly into he grasp . he examine she with great interest . the end . starring : terence stamp , Hugo weaving , guy pearce and Bill Hunter .