I am legend by John William corrington revise : 7/18/70 this be a copy of the 1st revise draft of omega man , back when it be still title I be legend . this copy of this script from a charity auction for retire actor ; the script be sign by charlton heston and producer walter seltzer . I am legend screenplay by John William corrington first draft : 6/26/70 revise : 7/18/70 I am legend fade in : wide angle mo . long shot we see a palm - line richly attractive street in a Los Angeles suburb . the house be set back from the street ; the street itself be quiet , empty -- except for a few car park in front of the house . while the camera take no notice , the tire be down on the park car , the lawn of the house be uncut . a Ford experimental model convertible turn corner into view . it drive at a medium speed . mo . close shot - neville in car - head on ROBERT neville be drive car . he wear sunglass , a sport shirt , a neckerchief , and look altogether like a wealthy man out for a drive . camera allow car to pull abreast , so that shot become side angle . as the camera enter passenger space of the car , we hear music , " everybody 's out of town . " neville hum along with it . he seem at ease , unconcern . we see the house on he right side pass by . then he hum stop , he jaw tighten . the car stop with vicious suddenness , and camera pull back to mo . shot , as if aghast at the sight to follow . neville , in a single motion of astonish speed , come up with a stun gun in he right hand , fire directly into camera . reverse shot - darkened balcony window of house camera zoom in from mo . long to mo . close shot of a deeply shadow window in one of the house . bullet smash into the frame of the window , tear out chunks of the stucco . we see , barely , a figure fall backward . we can not see any detail of the figure . its presence be more intuite than see . close shot - neville's face in f.g. be neville’s stun gun , almost obscure he feature . freeze -frame . CUT to : credit montage a rapid series of shot as title begin . title of film be not show now but hold to the last frame of the film . titles begin with star name , etc . and be distribute over follow scene except where note . alien missile be raise to point toward sky . face of chinese soldier twisted with anger , scream . tv screen - in the clear - matthias reading news matthias ... the sino-russian border war continue to escalate , accord to ... another missile rising . under this and subsequent flash cut there should be the constant crackling SOUND of radio transmission in Russian and chinese . meeting room with a small number of official angry , frighten . on the wall behind there be cross red flag , a portrait of lenin . another missile . we hear , overlap one another , chinese and Russian voice count down almost together from ten to one like a chorus of doom . missile be fire SOUND break off . flash cut of series of atomic blast , one after another , each one a slightly closer shot , garble radio transmission under shot -- include french , Russian , chinese , british and american accent . british ... total yes , total no survivor ( break ) the embassy terrible ... american Jesus , Jesus Christ ... you never ( break ) ... vladivastok ... nothing ... nothing ... int . omaha situation room with giant illuminate wall - map of world , various equipment , military personnel sit at console . in f.g. a young officer be lean across a desk , speak to older officer . in he face be real fear . officer they’ve ... go ape , Sir ... go ape ... as he speak , we hear the crackling ground - bass of radio transmission , cut , break . " condition yellow ... yellow alert ... attention ... yellow alert ... " zoom shot - past officert face to illuminated wall map at edge , we begin to see radar -style blip approach North american continent from East . Radio transmission increase in intensity , volume , and in the garble hysteria , which be just below the voice . " condition Red ... Red ... Red ... bogy on screen ... origin ... what be origin ? what be origin ?... Asia ... no , Jesus , from all over . they be both ... we see ... both of they be ... process shot - missile in space SOUND be kill for this and similar shot . alien missile apparently motionless in space with the earth turn very slowly below . mo . close shot - anti -missile missile be raise , fire . close shot - military technician in omaha situation room . he be monitoring anti-missile as they head for income missile . Radio transmission again : " ... two minute thirty to initial intercept . track be ... ninety second to initial ... process shot - anti - missile in space show anti-missile zeroing in on the much larger alien missile . SOUND off . we see some of the small missile about to hit the larger one . mo . shot - military technician at console . camera pan to wall map show small blip conjoin with the large ones6 SOUND suddenly . " abort antis ... repeat abort .... configuration ... " mo . shot - military technician they frown at one another , one shrug . SOUND : another voice , " Impact ... Impact ... score mount . Impact on thirty percent of income ... now fifty - one point six . Impact . . " process shot - missile colliding mo . shot - military technician as they hear the transmission , they expression of nonunderstanding turn to one of panic . SOUND : initial voice , " abort firing . missile do not conform to nuclear- configuration . repeat , abort firing . do not intercept . non-nuclear attack underway ... repeat , non- nuclear attack underway . process shot - missile exploding Color of explosion should be gear to the color of water in the plaza fountain , which be perhaps illuminate by camera orange and red and yellow spot under the water . image blur at explosion . camera move downward from explosion , pick up earth far below , keep go down more and more rapidly , finally blurring in speed . very high shot - shopping CENTER camera be still go down , less rapidly . this shot seem to follow out of precede one . at first , we see the shopping center , then shot center at the sidewalk in front of a single store . it be a Saturday afternoon , hundred of people milling about , many oar move . shot - finally narrow down on a single man walk out of store . camera move to close shot . man look vaguely troubled , then panicked , grab he eye , he head camera move in for a very close shot of he face , then he mouth alone as he open it to give a blood curdle howl of agony and fear . very close shot - car striking pole the driver be dead or die . his car veer crazily into another car , end up strike pole . tv announcer - in the clear matthias matthias ... the entire Los Angeles area . already , hospital facility have begin to crack under the strain and Civil Defense authority state that the situation be much the same ... mo . shot - tv screen - in the clear - matthias from between head of two people watch tv . we watch the screen and then , as fragment of news reporter 's story be cut off , camera reverse show people watch be dead , eye , mouth open . matthias ... across the entire country . martial law be now nation - wide . whether a state of war between China and Russia - still exist be not important any longer . we fellow countryman be die . the very foundation of civilization be beginning to crumble ... close shot - radio it be a small transistor on a counter in a fill station . as camera pull out show station desert , car stop here and there , a man and woman dead in a convertible at the gas pump . announcer ... conelrad channel . this be a class one emergency . all civilian traffic be bar from street and highway . stay in you home ... close shot - radio in police car we see the receiver , hear the emergency message as camera pull back revealing a policeman lie , eye open , across the steering wheel of the car . announcer that find without specific military order be subject to summary execution ... repeat this be a ... long shot - down a h0spital corridor as the camera pan hall , ward , etc . , there be , here and there , a few body in the hallway , the bed be full . mo . close shot - in the clear - neville in laboratory neville sit at he desk in white lab coat , sign on desk say colonel ROBERT neville . he be watch a small tv on he desk . matthias so now the question be survival . be this the end of technological man ? be this the conclusion of all we yesterday , the boast of science , the superhuman conquest of space and time ... the age of the wheel ? neville grimace , shake he head . at the end of next speech phone ring . matthias we be warn of judgment . well , it 's come now . this be the judgment , the weep and gnash of tooth ... oh , God , where will it end ...? close shot - neville on phone nodd , face set . neville yes . so it 's airborne bacteria . let 's try-vaccine 93- b- 71 . how the hell do I know ? I do not ... it might . i’ll be there in a hour . neville running down corridor with small satchel . neville on airstrip run toward wait helicopter . he wear fatigue coverall . neville in airborne helicopter with satchel of vaccine in lap . pilot next to-him . zoom shot - to pilot grab eye , fall forward onto control . helicopter go down neville show sign of illness too . helicopter crashed neville drag himself from wreck . only one bottle of vaccine be unbroken . he inject himself , pass out . last title fade out . fade in : mo . long shot - int . dark TRAVEL agency from rear of office . there be poster on the wall : " see Mexico . " " visit London , " " twa to Hong Kong , " etc . Dust be over everything , the floor be filthy and - , litter with paper . camera point out OPEN door to street . suddenly we see neville flash by in he car . CUT to : long boom shot - down angle on empty STREET from roof of building . in leave f.g. we see clothesline . clothes hang on it be bleach . have begin to fall apart . we hear in distance ' high - pitch roar of neville 's engine . then he race by in street below . CUT to : mo . shot - deserted school room camera point out OPEN windowi - with a break blind hang alongside . in leave frame , next window have Easter bunny , egg , etc . make by child . in right side of frame , teacher 's desk with small flag , rotten apple . again , SOUND of car , neville pass outside . CUT to : mo . shot - neville in car as he round corner , he see thing lie scattered in the street ahead . he try to stop , but run over they . close shot - tire go flat mo . shot - neville getting out of car he be irritate , look around as if seek a fill station attendant in order to get tire fix . glance down . he have run over a break steel box , with US mint marking . its tear hinge have shred the tire , and the gold ingot it contain be scattered under the wheel . he glance across street . a brink 's truck sit crash into a fire hydrant , its rear door open , swinging useless in breeze . mint box and gold bullion lie unguard . mo . close shot - neville his expression be one of total disgust . he speak sardonically . neville why do not they keep the goddamn street clean . mo . shot - neville he unload car , hang gun over he back , put a few grenade in he belt , lift gas can . as he walk away from car , he muse . neville there be a mercede agency on sunset . or be it wilshire ? mo . long shot - neville walking ahead be the agency . window be break . a 230 sl convertible sit in the showroom . neville walk through the break window , walk around car . neville the color 's not right , but ... how long do you say it take to get a new one from Germany ...? he walk to another car . neville how about this one ? one careful pasadena driver in tennis shoe ? what 's she phone number ? mo . shot - neville service car he have put in battery , gas , etc . he close hood , get in . glance at watch . neville my God , be it that late ? he gun the motor and drive out through the break window . CUT to : . wide angle long shot - neville in car we see neville speed down a empty main thoroughfare , the car accelerate faster and faster . he make a impossible turn , the car bottome , righting itself , fishtail , straighten out and zoom on . CUT to : wide angle shot - a different perspective a long down shot , which show the car reach speed of over a hundred mile a hour . CUT to : very close shot - neville in car this be head on . neville’s concentration , he tension must show . he look like a master - driver in the ultimate test of he career . meanwhile , it be get darker , closer to night . CUT to : wide angle long shot - neville in car camera rush in as shot open , to mo . shot of the car careen down a desert street in absolute recklessness . as neville near the end of the street , he slightly sideswipe a car park out from the curb . very close shot - tire and lower section of car tire squeal as neville turn corner . camera move out to medium shot as car rights itself and shoot away . mo . shot - neville in car the car light be on now , and as neville slow down , it be deep twilight . he turn into drive in front of a tall apartment building . camera move in to mo . close shot of neville in car . he press remote- control button and we see garage door open ahead of he . camera swieep to neville 's face . he show relief , as if he have make , it through a very tough race indeed . mo . shot - down angle from behind car as neville gun motor and start into garage , a figure detach itself from grow darkness and leap onto he . the figure seem simply to materialize ) and it leap high , landing almost in the car . neville try to fight back as the car drift down the drive into garage . mo . shot - int . garage from within the garage . we see the car drift down the ramp into garage , neville and the black - clad figure wrestle as the car , at low speed , crash into a pillar or another car . neville push the black figure away , hit he , hit he again , jump from the car with he stun gun and fire a burst into the black figure . camera rush in for close shot of neville as he turn from the fall figure . he look outward at the still - open garage door , he face reflect fear , horror . reverse shot - garage door area two more black - clad figure be rush in armed with club or spear . close shot - neville camera jerk as neville fire he stun gun directly into lens . above the gun , he face be clench in hatred , loathing . mo . shot - garage door area the door be lowering now . there be a body lie in a dark heap - just inside . we can see one or two other scurrying away outside in the dark as the door close 4 mo . shot - neville he have lower he gun , hold the remote - control box , press the button to lower the door . he be exhaust , shoulder slump . he walk through the garage stop to check a large gasoline - power generator that have be jury - rig to a panel to distribute current . there be shelf full of oil and battery and similar supplies . he walk through the low -lighted garage . there be several row of bright automobile , sport car , jeep , a few pick - up truck , a single armored car . all be keep in good condition , brightly polished . neville walk back out into the open area of the garage , surveying the damage to the mercede , shaking he head . neville that 's a shame . so hard to get a repairman this day , too . mo . shot - neville at elevator neville unlock a elevator , get in and push the button for the top floor . neville penthouse , Robert . he 's probably anxious to get on with the game . he lean back against the side of the elevator , eye close , exhaust , but still on the verge of laughter . neville some game ... CUT to : long shot - elevator door open - neville the elevator open directly into penthouse . neville come out into he fortress - apartment . in leave f.g. of shot be silhouette of profile of what appear to be a man in a military - - cap . neville drop stun gun slowly to the floor , look around room , he eye light on figure . neville okay , okay , I ’m ready . camera move past silhouette , move across large ornate chessboard in middle f.g. to mo . shot on neville - . he pull off dirty shirt , toss it aside , walk to he leave . camera stays on he . neville go ahead ... move . neville walk into what seem another world , as camera turn to follow he . it be a very long gallery - like room with many mahogany bookcase , wall cover with major painting , piece of sculpture here and there . he walk to a beautiful and ornate bar-liquor - cabinet , take down a bottle of fine scotch . he pause and study the label as he twist off the cap . he speak back over he shoulder . neville why do n’t you have a belt ? it might improve you game . he take a long pull from the bottle , then move on to the far end of the room where we can see a beautiful bed , armoire , old fashioned wash - basin , mirror , etc . this be perhaps screen off from the rest of the long gallery area by some bookcase set at right angle to the wall , form a small chamber behind . camera stays at entrance to SMALL chamber . neville rummages for a clean shirt , slip it on . neville but tonight you be go to lose . luck over skill ... camera move in quickly for close shot show that beneath be sardonic humor , neville’s loneliness and isolation tell on he . mo . close shot - neville he still carry glass , and be rummage again , this time in a storage cabinet . it be white , antiseptic , very large . it contain a multitude of can goods . neville get out a can of bean . he move to stainless steel refrigerator , also large , get out a summer sausage , and ice cube and a chill glass for scotch . neville you hear all that downstairs ? I let sundown catch I out . so he take the gambit and throw away a few pawn . I be lucky ... neville open can , cut case off one end of sausage . camera move out to mo . shot , show this opposite end of apartment . it be as stark , barren and utilitarian as the other end be cultivate and civilized . in it be kitchen facility , laboratory equipment , and a massive arsenal . ( see Appendix for more on apartment ) neville from time to time he get nervous . he smell the end game come ... neville be look toward center of room as he talk . camera move back so as to place chessboard once more in middle f.g . neville be walk toward board , scotch bottle and glass in one hand , bean ( with spoon in can ) in other . summer sausage be slang across he shoulder , hold by string looped over finger of hand hold bean . he saunter to board , look down study situation . we now have time to see that the board , and its piece , be both large and superb : a museum-quality set . neville but end game be fall of surprise , be n’t they ? ummm . my move , and discover ... check ! he put down bean and sausage on edge of table , and move knight , revealing check from he queen on opponent 's king . neville smile and sit down . mo . shot - across board - neville's point of view we find that he partner be a bust of caesar propped in the chair with a old and badly batter garrison cap on it . cap bear eagle insignia of colonel . camera move to two shot . neville study board , absently press a switch locate under the table . after a moment , we hear music . it be frankie laine sing " we will be together again . " record no tear , no fear , we both have a lifetime before we ... so what if we have to part , we will be together again ... neville hit reject switch . another tune , instrumental come on . " harlem nocturne , " Ted heath 's orchestra ; alto sax solo . mo . shot - neville at chess board neville make a move on board . as he do , we hear noise , commotion outside . break glass , yell . neville stand , study board intently . as the noise increase , camera move to close shot of he face . his jaw tighten at he try to ignore the sound . zachary ( o.s. ) come out , neville neville sigh , smile at bust . neville Excuse I , will not you . just for a moment . he walk quietly to window , reach down and pick up a Springfield 1903 rifle with a sniperscope attach . he step to the window . the window be full - length and open onto a narrow balcony . all along the balcony rail , space every thirty foot or so , be floodlight point down into plaza in front of building . neville have knock out partition between portion of balcony so as to have access to flood light all along building . down below in plaza or courtyard , there be a large and brightly illuminate fountain , water bubbling in it , cascade from level to another . neville stare out over darken city . in far distance , perhaps a mile away , we see a fire start up , blaze higher . reverse shot - neville's silhouette in window neville they're at it again . Burning , wreck . I wonder what tonight ? a library ? a laboratory ? maybe they have find the Museum of Fine Art . goddamn that crazy bastard ... mo . close shot - neville at window he raise the rifle . long shot - infra -red telescopic shot panning weird and unreal area outside range of floodlight . pass a hunch , squatting figure . stop , move back crosshair glow as sight be give fine adjustment . image recoil as we hear repeat of rifle . figure slump . more noise , confusion , cry . mo . close shot - neville shot be across chessboard , through piece from bust point of view . neville be grin sardonically . he raise the rifle in salute . neville Hall caesar ! and what do you suppose brother matthias be go to say about that ? CUT to : mo . long boom shot - neville at table shot be from outside window . camera immediately pull back farther and farther until we see neville 's penthouse , a circle of brilliant light in a ocean of surround darken building , no street light . camera hold when penthouse be only a small glimmer of light . ( matte ) dissolve to : close shot - FIRE in fog . Fire flicker as camera pull back to reveal that it be make 'up of burn book . camera pan title : molecular biology , astrophysics , etc . in b.g. we see many member of the family systematically wreck scientific and computer equipment . matthias ( o.s . ) Three ? you be sure ? not three . zachary ( o.s. ) Three , brother . two be inside the garage when he bring down the door , we hear the shoot . then joshua ... camera turn right , bring matthias into frame , close shot , head and shoulder . matthias have dead - white hair , complexion , wear enormous sunglass with reflect lense . matthias the light , you have to stay clear of the light ... camera pull back , revealing Zachary . he be like matthias , white with sunglass . but he hair be natural and he feature clearly African . Zachary speak defensively . zachary brother , there be not no light ... that cat hit joshua in pitch black ... matthias he cant see in the dark -... anymore than we can in the light . Zachary shrug . zachary go tell he . brother . he see good enough , dark or light . matthias walk in the glare of flame , wreck continue in b.g . his dialogue be deliver sadly , reasonably at first . matthias one creature ... catch in a place he can not stir from in the dark . one lone man ... zachary he be not a man , brother . matthias no , no , you be right . but he be alone , outnumber hundred to one , with nothing to live for but memory ... nothing to live with but he gimmick and gadgetry , he gun and ear ... and yet the whole family cant bring he down out of that ... that ... zachary pig-paradise , brother ? mo . close two shot - matthias and zachary matthias smile sadly . matthias forget the old way , brother , the old hatred , the old pain . the family be one ... Zachary nod , match matthias grin . zachary hog heaven , then ... but matthias be get work up . matthias its not a joke , brother . remember the word ! that thing , that neville , be a creature of the wheel ! he use forbidden weapon , to6.l ! he have the power of Hell in that evil thing ! close shot - zachary he be agitate , tired of hearing this . he have tell they before that he can bring neville down . he try again . zachary well , let I put the power on he . look ... camera follows he point finger . in a glass - fronted refrigeration unit be flask of nitroglycerin . camera snap back to zachary . zachary ... or there 's cannon . I can go to the old Guard armory . I could get a rocket- launcher ... just turn I loose ... mo . shot - group - matthias and family we see that a group of five or six other who be like matthias have gather around while other continue destruction in b.g . the group mumble amongst themselves , shake they head . matthias answer he , as if he be explain to a child . matthias oh , yes , brother , you could do that . any one of we could . but if we do , the curse would begin once more , do not you see that ? close shot - zachary Zachary be sullen . zachary I see that bastard live in the light like God whilst we rot and hide down here like grub ... what do you reckon will happen if he hunt as out while we sleep ? mo . group shot matthias , zachary , other matthias put it out of mind , brother . he will be destroy . but not by gun and explosive . they be forbidden . they be never to be use again . when we have cleanse the word the flood of we righteousness will sweep it all away ... as matthias speak he pick up a book and hurl it toward the fire , knock elaborate glass structure down . matthias and neville will be bring down ... down to the family and judgment . for blasphemy , for murder ... as he speak slow dissolve from fire , grow larger now , engulf whole building behind , to brightly light top story of neville 's apartment . ' very long shot top story of neville's apartment fade out fade in : mo . long shot - empty STREET , early morning the street be one of that with many apartment-hotels , etc. , as on portion of wilshire Blvd . shot be through tree , grass be tall in the -lawn , etc . we hear nothing at first but bird . then we hear the SOUND of someone running . camera turn , find a lone figure running toward it . shot . should be make into rising SUN , sun ray refracted and diffuse around dark silhouette of figure . mo . close shot - neville running he be in sweat suit , the shirt have johns hopkin in large letter on front , he stun gun be on sling over shoulder , canteen and pouch in utility belt at waist . flashlight , knife , etc . there be also a small tape recorder hang on belt . neville continue to run , look from time to time at number on building . at last he stop in front of a building , inspect it . he be breathe hard . neville ... and Big Bob neville shake off the last of the tackler and score with fifty thousand fan tear up the stand ... another six for hopkins ... yea . neville . he squat , pull map from pouch , study it , speak into small tape-mike . camera move out for mo . long shot of neville , down angle from building point of view . neville this be 6306 rimini boulevard , sector two . the last six block have be clean . in the 5500 block , some sign they would be forage for food in a small drive - in grocery . ( sardonically ) you would think price would keep they in the super market . mo . close shot - neville he unlimber stun gun , check it , set it down , check flashlight . then he open canteen , squat and drink . assumption be , it 's whiskey . he gargle a little , spit it out , study the building narrow - eye . talk into recorder . neville you have get to hand it to the bastard . they cover they track . it 's be a damn year now . drink again , let mike -hang , eye distant in thought neville if I could find the nest , find where he stay there’d be a end-run , and a end game , sure enough ... he get up , close canteen , pick up equipment . neville but what would I do then ...? CUT to : series of shot - neville searching he move through dark corridor , into room . he be very efficient in he check , spend only a few moment in each place . mo . shot - int . room Dark , dusty , light fall through half - close blind . shot be across bed . neville kick open door , see bed . there be someone or something apparently in it . neville jerk back sheet , stun gun ready . close shot - corpse in bed the body , leave from plague - time , be not a skeleton , but simply a decaye and desiccate ruin , disgusting and piteous . close shot - nevillet reaction he be sicken , he raise adrenaline drain away . mo . shot - neville in basement he probe in comer , closet . obviously be well practice at this " search and destroy " technique . . mo . shot - neville in office build he be move . rapidly through office , dust everywhere , file , etc. scattered . he always check closet , etc . close shot - neville looking down his eye narrow , he lean over and reach down into wastebasket . reverse shot - up angle - neville above mo . close shot - neville he lift up a sardine can , oil drip from it . neville smile viciously . close shot - waste basket in it be empty bottle , trash . it be not dusty or old look . mo . shot - neville at door of office door be large , panele . obviously the entrance to very plush executive office . neville put ear against door , listen , stand back , kick door open . long shot - office - past nevillet shoulder it be panele . drape , dark furniture , thick carpet , etc . it be very long with a huge ornate desk at the far end . behind the desk , sit in a large high - back swivel chair be a body . neville study the figure in the chair for a moment . the figure wear a hood , and it be this which key neville’s response . camera drift down room toward figure . camera now in neville 's point of view . camera glance from side to side as it approach figure , make sure there be no other lurking in corner . camera stop on mo . shot , figure in chair , it stir . neville ( o.s. ) , all right , dracula . wake up . you have get company . figure do not move . we see barrel of stun gun poke toward he from bottom of frame . we can not see eye of figure . neville ( o.s. ) , where 's matthias ? where do he stay ? figure do not move . mo . close shot - neville he shrug , sigh . neville I always ask , and I always get the same answer ( beat ) once more : where 's the hive ? where do the king bee stay ? mo . close shot - figure in chair as neville finish speech , he poke figure with barrel of gun . it fall forward , hood come off . it be dead and disintegrate . shot hold . we hear neville 's voice into tape recorder . neville ( o.s. ) , 6806 rimini boulevard , sector two . found another . matthias ' crowd be die from the plague , one by one . sweep continue . dissolve to : fade in : long shot - neville walking along STREET he walk , one hand in pocket , a stun gun in the other , window - shopping . some of the window in the store be break . behind other , the display be askew , dusty . a liquor store be almost demolish . he reach a expensive look clothing store , pause , walk inside . dialogue be voice over . he pall off sweatshirt , drop it on floor . neville you dumb bastard , why do you ever bother to wash this thing ? you’re the only consumer leave in town . CUT to : mo . shot - neville in menis clothing department he take a garment from the rack , look at it , drop it then frown , pick it up and re-hang it on the rack . he draw out a beautiful brocade tuxedo jacket , turn it , smile , hang it back . neville the officer club be close , be not it ? permanent undress be the correct uniform . CUT to : long shot - neville walking through darkened store away from window , it be shadowy in - the store , and we watch neville walk , some clothes over he arm . shot be past head and shoulder of a mannikin . CUT to : long shot - the same - another angle again point of view of a manikin -- as if that inert figure be watch neville 's progress past they . he seem unconcern , but he stun gun be in he right hand . mo . long shot - another angle this shot be from between the upraise arm of a manikin . close shot - face of male manikin close shot - another manikin close shot - neville's face he have stop in relatively light portion of store . he be look up , face fill almost with reverence . mo . up angle shot - female manikin this manikin wear a very brief bikini . she be remarkably life-like . her hip jut forward provocatively , she eye point down toward neville , and she long brown hair fall about she tan shoulder . she wear the smallest of smile . mo . shot - neville looking up at manikin this shot be past the head and shoulder of another manikin across the aisle from where neville stand . it be as if he moment of passion and remembrance be overseen . mo . close shot - neville - side view he be I still look upward . he put out he hand to touch the almost - flesh of the manikin . then , suddenly , there be a small indefinite SOUND . he pause , he jaw tighten . camera rush back to mo . long shot as neville whirl , stun gun up , clothing drop . he be about to fire . mo . shot - group of mannikin and lisa this be female manikin include some with negro feature , in various dress , various pose . camera find lisa among they , move in suddenly to mo . close shot . we see the " manikin " mouth open in horror . mo . long shot - neville's point of view - lisa Lisa turn suddenly and vanish into the shadow of the store . close shot - neville he be petrify . he can not believe what he have see . the gun hang useless in he hand . he stand thus for a long moment , then , find he voice , he call after she . neville wait ...come back ... wait ... you’re real ! you’re not ... long shot - neville running through store again , this shot be through a group of male manikin , well dress , grin at neville as he run . mo . long shot - another angle - neville running he get another glimpse of the girl as she run out a side door of the store . mo . shot ext . store this store be across the street from a large park . neville pause outside the store , look up and down . camera rush back to very long shot , still focus on neville . when camera stop , the shot be framed by the girl 's hair and one shoulder . we do not see she face , but we can tell she be look back at neville from within the park . camera zoom in on neville again as he see the girl . he begin run across the desert street toward she . sequence of shot - neville running through park in none of this shot do we see the girl again . we see neville run through tree , past a lake or stream ; pause to get he breath ' look in all direction . he be almost frenzied . it have be almost two year since he have see a normal human be alive -- much less a lovely girl . as the sequence end , he be obviously exhaust . the shadow be much longer now . it be afternoon . mo . close shot - neville seated on bench he sit , head down , he gun beside he . he be beginning to wonder if he have hallucinate the girl , if at last he be slip toward insanity . neville do it begin this way ? be two year alone too much ? then he head come up . he have control again . neville no. you silly bastard , it do not begin this way , and two year alone be all right . the way it begin be ask yourself idiot question . now , let 's find a drink before it 's time to go home . he stand up , stretch , look refresh . dissolve to : close shot - candle gutter in holder camera pull back , show neville in bar mirror . he drink from glass , pour a little more from bottle , turn from - the bar . the room be dark , light come only from candle and from window at front . the door be open . neville , stun gun in leave hand , drink in right , walk through table , stand at door . across the street be a federal court building . his eye go up its height as camera turn for long shot of build , neville in right side of frame . mo . close shot - neville back inside he put down empty glass , start to pick 'up he equipment . suddenly pause as he hear a crash from a break bottle . his jaw tighten , he become tense and turn toward sound . close shot - wine keg display sign read " visit we wine cellar -- for the experience of a Lifetime " mo . shot - neville he squint at sigh , head for the stairway with candle . mo , shot - neville go down stair with candle mo . long shot - neville in cellar this should be a spooky and generally tense atmosphere . the cellar , like much contemporary commercial architecture be make to look like a " authentic " wine cellar , and two year ' dust and cobweb have improve on art . shot be from behind wine rack , over bottle , show neville at foot of step , look about cautiously . he put candle on hogshead for general lighting , pull out flashlight to examine mo . reverse shot - wine rack , neville's point of view mo . long down shot - neville looking at wine rack his flashlight probe here and there along wall . stop on a. particular area of one of the rack . very close shot side view of wine bottle in rack neville 's light fall on bottle . behind rack we see another hand at back . camera hold . the hand be still when light first strike it , then it come to life , move , clenches . medium shot - behind rack of bottle we see a family member who have apparently be sleep in cellar and have knock wine bottle over in sleep . he come awake fully as neville enter cellar . neville - close shot from the shadow to he leave rear . also make from behind wine rack . camera rise from near floor level to five foot or so , follow point of view of family member . mo . wide angle shot - wine rack from behind neville . as he approach rack , the entire Rack tilt and slowly fall toward he . mo . shot - neville throw himself back , try to avoid the rack , but as he do so , he look up . mo . close shot - up angle - creature on top of wine rack hood flaring behind , arm outstretch close shot - neville's reaction mo . shot - rack falling on neville bottle fall out of rack and explode on floor . creature jump free from top of rack , mo . long shot - down angle from stair Three more of the creature pile - out from behind barrel , wine rack , wherever they have be sleep . mo . shot neville unconscious under wine rack close shot creature's face shook as camera snap in for very close shot : dead white face , its mouth open , twisted with hatred and anger , eye still obscure by hood . fade out . slow fade in : as light begin to fill the screen again , blurry , without focus , we hear , as from a great distance , tiny in sound , the voice of matthias once more . he be preaching in away not much different from he last tv appearance in the credit montage . his voice have a peculiar mixture of the comforting and the sinister in it . as he go on , he voice rise , move toward hysteria . matthias ... and , oh , brother and sister , I ask you to look at he . do he have the Marks ? do you see they ? ( muffle answer of " no , no . " ) you see he as we be before the punishment , before we gain grace . you see lie there , the last of scientist and banker and business - man ... the user of the wheel ! do we use the tool of the wheel , as he do ? ( " no , not . " ) be he of the family ? ( " no , not " ) be he of the Sacred Society ? ( no , not . " ) then ... what be he ? ( confuse mumble , anger ) camera clear very slowly to a up shot neville's point of view we see the vague image of someone in robe in a high pulpit , behind a high bench . camera move slowly , appear to seek focus . then it snap into focus in zoom - very close shot of large reflective sunglass . it be matthias . his hood be push back , and the room illumination be quite low . he seem to float in the darkness with candle - flame flicker around and behind he . long down shot - neville tied on floor matthias point of view neville be regain consciousness . camera move slowly down on he as matthias talk . matthias ( o.s. ) he be part of the dead ... he have no place here . he have the stink of oil and electric circuitry about he . he be obsolete ... ( ...yes , yes . " ) wide angie shot chamber in federal court build its former function should still be evident , but it - now serve as the place where the Sacred Society govern the family . it be courtroom , meetinghouse , church of the group . it be dark , hang with black cloth . the room be full of the hood creature that we have see before . only matthias and perhaps half a dozen of he immediate follower do not wear hood . they hair and skin be dead white , they eye be cover by a assortment of shield . matthias and what shall we do with old machinery ...? zoom close shot - matthias - neville's point of view he point at neville . matthias ... you be discard . you be the rubbish of the past ... mo . close shot - neville his initial horror and fear past , he laugh aloud . neville this be a bloody Halloween party ... you’re all sick ... you need ... that nearest , knock he back down , silence he . mo . shot - matthias he smile , shake he head . his voice become soft with false compassion . he lean down over he pulpit . matthias how hard it be to admit the truth . ( beat ) take he to the little room . for the questioning ... mo . shot - creature dragging neville camera follows as they take neville into a smaller room . mo . long shot - the little room - matthias and neville this room resemble the small chamber in which private question take place during the inquisition . the table be long and there be candle and book on it . the scene should be gothic and just this side of a put -on . taste here , as elsewhere , must be exquisite so as to tread the line between the grotesque , the dement , and the Camp . matthias well , now , Mr. neville , we can talk for a little while . it 's be a long time since you have talk -- except to yourself . close shot - neville's reaction neville be surprised . he have assume matthias be truly and completely insane . neville so you do n’t rant all the time ? why bother with it at all ? mo . shot - matthias he laugh , walk around the dark room . matthias yes , you be a scientist . the kind of man who understand nothing until there be almost nothing leave to understand . neville ( surly ) I be get along ... matthias you be get dead , Mr. neville -- or doctor or colonel , whatever they call you . I have responsibility for the last tiny remnant of mankind ... I have that responsibility . neville then why the hell do n’t you live up to it ? why do not you throw away the costume and get this people organize , try to work on a cure ... matthias turn on he angrily . matthias oh. we be organize . you know that well enough . a cure ? there be none . in the early day ... have you see the ruin of the general hospital ? thousands of body littering the corridor , room jamme with the dead ... and finally ... that pitiful few who be leave , hopeless , go mad , lynching the doctor , the technician who have betrayed they ... by the way , why be not you there ... Doctor ? reaction shot - neville neville I try . there be a crash ... two shot - matthias and neville , matthias it do not matter . there be no cure . be none . the curse you people create , could not stop , be ... forever . so I have turn that curse into a bless . close shot - neville's reaction matthias ( o.s. ) no. now the family have find its way . it can bear the burden -- the only curse leave be -- you . neville you be insane . and before very damn long , you’ll be dead -- can not you see that ? close shot - matthias matthias ( angrily ) last night you kill how many ? Three of we ? and today we do not know yet . and before that ? you have kill dozen ... you’re the messenger of death , Doctor , not we . two shot - neville and matthias other come into the room now , and matthias manner change . once again he adopt the portentous pose of judge- prophet . neville I be defend myself ... you lunatic come after I ... matthias he 's confess all , Brothers . murder , use of forbidden tool , practice of proscribe rite . he admit ' science , medicine , weapon , machine , electricity . he have not share the punishment ; he do not bear the Marks ... close shot - neville neville what be the punishment ? the Marks ? wide angle group shot - matthias and group of family as neville speak , the group stare at he . this be the first group appearance of the family . we see that they be of both sex and all race . some seem fairly young , however there be no child . in addition to the hood , we find some wear goggle , some helmet with dark visor , etc . obviously , all this form of eye guard have be scavenge in the empty city . series of close shot - individual family member as camera pan from one to another , each remove he or she glass , goggle , etc . revealing blank white eye . camera complete pan , stop on matthias . he remove glass , show he own white eye . for the first time , we see the opaque eye of the family . matthias ( quietly ) this be the Marks , Mr. neville ... the punishment be what you and that like you bring upon we ... camera close on matthias , close slowly on he face , eye , as he talk . matthias in the beginning , we try to help one another , that that be leave . we try to clean thing up , set they straight . we bury and burn . and it come to we that we be spare for just that work ... pan shot - family member listening to matthias matthias ( o.s. ) ... to bury what be dead , to burn what be evil , dangerous ... neville 's voice break in harsh , angry . neville ( o.s. ) , so you burn library , laboratory ... you wreck computer center , engineering facility ... a herd of insane barbarian . every night you go on burn . pan shot end on matthias . he still speak very quietly . matthias you call we barbarian , neville ' . very well , it 's a honorable name . we mean to cancel the world you make . we will simply erase history from the time that machinery and weapon begin to threaten more than they offer . close shot - neville neville you will play hell ... close shot - matthias matthias no , you have play hell you and you dead kinsmen of the car and the plane and the tank and the bomb ... and when you die , the-last live reminder of hell will be go ... forever . as he speak , camera pull out to group shot . the family rs assent . matthias turn to Zachary . matthias brother Zachary ? zachary we get everything ready . mo . shot - ext . - neville , matthias , etc . a alley or narrow street . there , a cart have be bring . it have high side and two solid wooden wheel about five foot in diameter . it be fill with old newspaper , book , file , break piece of wooden furniture , etc . shot be make between neville and matthias . matthias and family have glass or shield back on . Zachary come over , jerk neville roughly toward cart . matthias stop he . matthias one thing , neville , now that its over ... neville stare back at he . matthias why do not you leave ? why do not you get out of the city ...? neville I be n’t sure about that ... until now . mo . long shot - neville in cart on he head be a conical cap obviously make of computer printout paper . this scene echoe the burn of heretics . again , if it be do tastefully , it will gather still another fragment of the past which haunt we . neville be bound in the small cart . it be pull by member of the family . howling member of the family throw rubbish at he -- scientific debris -- and curse he . the cart be in the midst of a dense crowd , each member of which carry a candle . the lighting be weak , bizarre . close shot of old woman in hood , eye opaque , laughing insanely , throw object at neville . close shot - hand try to reach through the slat of the cart to scratch neville . they be dead white . mo . close - neville over a wave of candle , the flame flicker insanely . long shot - the crowd fill a narrow street from neville 's point of view . camera transition to neville who stand tie to the cart , wood and paper and book pile around he . camera pull back to wide angle long shot . we find that we be in a vast empty stadium . in the midst of the field , the family , all carry candle , be gather around the stand from which matthias preach . the cart have be turn upside - down and the technological debris it contain be pile below one of the wheel , to which neville be bound , spread -eagle . it stand in a large circular burn area . this be where matthias and the family have burn body after the plague 's onslaught . mo . long shot - matthias - neville's point of view matthias here be evil ... matthias past neville 's profile . as matthias speak , camera focus alter from matthias to neville . matthias be this not the place where all the dead burn ? and this ( point to neville ) be the last of the dead ... and what will we do with this corpse ? as matthias ask he question and the family howl for neville’s death , camera pull out very quickly to wivz angle long shot as stadium light come 0n . at first flickeringly , then with a burst of fall power . all the light do not come on . some bulb eat burnt out or have fail over the past year or so , but still the field la flood with light . mo . shot - matthias and other of the society fall back from they stand , try to cover they eye despite they sunglass . matthias ( surprised ) what ...? ned . long - crowd scene family member drop they candle , fall , grop , try to find a way out of the blaze arc light . close shot - family member writhe on ground in agony . matthias ( o.s. ) find the switch , get that light off ...! give we the darkness again ! more dark ... more dark ! ned . close - family member stumbling blindly toward sideline of stadium . ned . close - family member try to stab neville , miss he in he blindness . wide angle long shot - stadium neville still stake out in center of stadium . last of the creature be crawl or hobbling away out of the light . after a long moment the are-light begin to fade , wink , and finally go out . camera zoom down to close shot of neville struggle , try to get loose . then he pause , fear in he expression , he hear someone coming . ned . shot - blurred image of someone moving across field walk swiftly across the empty field , neville try to twist he head around to see , but it be too dark down in the bowl of the stadium to see more than a shadowy figure . close shot - hand untying neville - semi -darkness we see hand quickly loosen the rope on neville 's ankle and hand . mo . shot - neville's point of view shadow of someone above he . mo . shot '- neville freeing self from rope he pull loose from the last rope . neville who be you ? dutch ( o.s. ) shut up . move , move , move ! neville begin to run , push by the shadowy figure . sequence of shot : mo . cl0 SE - neville run to edge of field . mo . long - neville and figure run into ramp area , disappear under stand . mo shot - neville figure behind he push he along in the darkness , give he no pause . long shot matthias and family recovering from light matthias and he people be re-groupe , look for neville . close shot - matthias matthias find he . search the corridor ... the storeroom ... everywhere ... close shot neville figure behind push he through a door , slam it close . neville fall to he knee , shake he head , try to get he bearing . a beam of light from a electric torch sit on a box dimly illuminate the room . he rise , start to turn . then , from shadow behind he , between locker he hear : lisa ( o.s. ) all right , son of a bitch . just hold tight ... ( beat ) uh-uh , do n’t turn . stand . when I want you turn , I ’ll turn you . on or off or around . lisaq voice be low , smooth , sophisticated , but there be in it the sound of a profound self - confidence . mo . long shot - neville - rear view against light Lisa slowly drift into frame left . focus be on neville . lisaq head , right shoulder be blurred . her hand come up hold a .45 automatic . focus move to gun , neville still in b.g . lisa that 's fine . now put you hand out ... way out , shoulder high . like they be go to crucify you . close - neville look at camera , he head and shoulder in left half of frame . in shadow behind , we see lisa vaguely , the .45 VIVID in shaft of light from torch . neville as a matter of fact , they be go to roast I . why do you stop they ? Lisa come closer . we can see her . she be beautiful , and black . she be wear a shirt , tail tie , and long short , with cycle boot . her face be compose , almost amused as she move up behind neville . lisa we have get a reason , neville 's eyebrow rise . he be set himself to turn on she . neville my name be Robert ... lisa you name 's mud , mister . neville whirl , camera focus on Lisa who lift the .45 , bring it chopping down with moderate force . mo . two - shot - neville and eisa Lisa be breathe a little harder , but she composure be fine . she cook pistol . neville be get off floor stare into muzzle of .45 , rub he head , look at the girl with grudge respect . lisa ... and you’re not go to need a name if you fool with I again . she nudge neville toward the door . he raise he hand automatically . they walk . neville where do you pick up that cute way of say stop ? we see lisa still behind , look from one side to the other as they traverse corridor . lisa oakland . I be a raider . anyhow , I only say slow . you know how I say stop ? the pistol nudge neville 's rib . neville keep walk . neville you keep clowning around , and that spook out there be go to ... lisa shut up . dutch be take care of the honk . long shot - from corridor of stadium looking out onto field we see matthias ' people run closer toward the corridor , this shot , we discover , be from point of view of the shadowy figure , dutch , who now stand in darkness . we hear dutch fumble with something . camera focus now on f.g. dutch hand rise , hold cylindrical container . matthias ' people still in b.g. reach corridor entrance . dutch throw container . reverse shot - corridor from matthias ' point of view as they try to enter , there be a blind explosion of light , only moderate SOUND , as a phosphorus grenade explode . shot should capitalize on diffusion , refraction of phosphorus blow - up , its brilliant blue- white glare . matthias no , no ... get back ... the next entrance ... medium two shot - neville and lisa neville be in f.g. , Lisa behind with pistol . they be trot . lisa okay ... stop , open it up . they be stand near a utility room . neville turn and see she for the first time . neville you’re ..! lisa okay , you have see I before . pull it out buster ... move ! neville wheel out a small motorcycle , neville ( admiringly ) you plan ahead ... lisa we plan every which a way . now look , you be gonna run this thing , but I be the ramrod , you know ? neville say nothing , seating himself on the bike . lisa do I a favor , will you ? do not screw up . I know how to roll , out it 's hard on the elbow ... and oh , yeah , if you just have to play James bond , I be gonna sift you brain all over the wall , neville grin in spite of himself . neville yes , mar 'am ... camera pull back as he , start cycle and they move off down shadowy corridor . long shot - matthias and family in corridor they tan along corridor , seek neville . SOUND of bike can be hear mo . close shot - canister rolling into matthias ' path as we see another grenade appear , we hear alt laughter from side corridor . grenade explode , spurting burn phosphorus onto one of family . camera pull out to mo . shot as family member shriek in pain . matthias down the other way . we will catch they at the main exit ... the ramp . series of shot - neville and lisa on bike in corridor Lisa yell direction to he as neville skid bike around corner , in and bat , around obstacle like heaps of cushion , pile of coke case , etc , shot should take advantage of bike light , refraction , shadow , veer off bike , near collision . lisa Left , leave , goddamn it . ( beat ) another leave and step on it . long shot - ramp of stadium shot be from dutch point of view . camera pull back , revealing dutch , stand about ten yard from ramp . he hold a grenade in each hand . it be still dark , but the first sign of pre-dawn be appear . we hear the roar of the family as they run inside the corridor toward ramp . as they appear , dutch loft the first one and then the other grenade , toss one on each side of the exit , leave a narrow passage directly in the middle , free of the phosphorous , though bath in blind light . matthias and family fall back in confusion . we hear sound of bike over they yell , dutch laughter . mo . shot - neville and lisa on bike they skid around final corner . neville hit brake , leave rubber . reverse long shot - down corridor , nevillve point of view matthias and he people , turn and blind by burn phosphorus , hear neville come . cam8ra zoom to mo . close shot , matthias . matthias he be come ... there ... medium close shot - neville and lisa on bike lisa what the hell you stop for ? hit it , you dumb honk ! neville you want I to ? Lisa prod he with the pistol . lisa right on , you lump . they be blind . right on ! neville shrug , race engine . neville okay , baby , hitch up you drawer ... he revs engine , kick off straight toward matthias and family . long shot - matthias and family neville point of view we see matthias and the rest come closer and closer as SOUND of bike become deafen behind family be burn phosphorus . matthias put out he hand as if to wave neville to a stop . matthias stop they , stop they ... flash CUT - close shot - neville's face . long shot - matthias and family neville point of view shot move rapidly closer to family . flash CUT - close shot - lisa , be face lisa down the middle , right down he middle ! medium shot - side angle - collision of bike and family as bike flash through they , some of the family try to stop neville . bike veer , rights , sail through , knock family member in all direction , medium - shot - bike go between phosphorus grenade neville manage to steer down slot between the two bomb dutch have throw . for a moment , the bike and its rider be bath in weird glow of phosphorus . howl of disappointed family can be hear . long shot - lisa and neville on bike dutch point of view they roar down ramp and into empty parking lot . camera pull back show dutch in f.g. cranking up he own bike , laugh exultantly at the success of the escape . he watch neville and Lisa race away , and after another look in the direction of the stadium where the grenade still burn , he follow they . long shot - cycle on freeway - front angle mo . shot - side angle - lisa with arm around neville she have leave arm around he middle , gun in right hand aim into rib . yell into he ear : lisa take the next exit ... as they reach exit , neville wheel the bike suddenly . Lisa have to grab he with both hand . he pluck gun from she hand , lower the hammer as they speed down off-ramp . Lisa yell : lisa you sneaky bastard neville laugh , hand she back the gun . she stick it into she belt and put both arm around he at they go off onto country road . dissolve to . mo . long down angle shot - neville and lisa they pull up in front of a apparently desert house perch on the edge of a canyon . neville lean the bike on its stand , stretch , turn . mo shot - lisa she be hold gun on he again , smile broadly . mo . shot - neville he scratch he head . neville well , I will be damned . I think we would get past that ... camera pull out to two shot lisa you’re sweet . now just walk on up to that house . mo , long shot - lisa and neville walking to house shot be through OPEN window next to door through which they will pass . window look dusty , drape fade , tear . as Lisa and neville approach door , camera pull back across barrel of Thompson submachine gun and hand hold it , revealing that shot be from gunmanis point of view . mo . shot - lisa and neville walking into house it be moderately dark in house . neville rub he eye . shot be still across gun barrel . neville see gunman . Lisa move up beside he . lisa it 's all right , Tommy . this be the man .... I mean the man .... but he 's tame . reverse shot - tommy he be a small chinese boy of about twelve who hold the machine gun nervously point at neville , he smile at Lisa , frown at neville . tommy what be you gonna do with he , Lisa ? group shot - lisa , neville , tommy . lisa ( to neville ) have you get any idea what Tom would have do if you would come up to this house carry my .45 ? neville nod . neville I ’m beginning to get a idea . camera pull out as other walk into light . they have be wait to see what be happen . lisa this be the crop ... there be perhaps six or eight young people about evenly divide between boy and girl . the other , except for Lisa and she brother , be white . lisa all there be . at least that we know of . there be other around , I guess ... if matthias and he nut have n’t kill they all . neville be astonished . the kid seem healthy , alert . neville I do n’t know there be ... any . lisa ( sardonically ) between matthias and he goons at night and you in the daytime shoot anything that move , we stay low , neville I be stay alive , the other exchange glance , lisa if you call that live . neville be irked . he do not come for a seminar in ethic . then there be the SOUND of a motorcycle outside , all turn , toward the door , tommy its dutch ... he run toward door , Lisa and the rest follow , neville in rear . mo . shot - dutch he climb off cycle , drop kickstand . he wear a leather jacket , a air of pearl -handle .45 automatics on he hip . saddlebag be staff with grenade , a Thompson submachine gun , etc . dutch also wear goggle , a old World War I style helmet , riding breech and jack-boot . his hair be long , and on the back of he jacket be paint the upraise red fist of revolution -- with the middle finger extend . he be a tough cookie , but very bright indeed . Tommy and Lisa walk into picture . lisa hey , it 's the mad bomber . where you at , baby ? dutch pull off he helmet , smile at Lisa , ruffle Tommy 's hair . camera move out to include other in group shot . dutch look at neville . dutch I see you get my partner , the mad doctor , here all right . close shot - neville's reaction neville you know who I be ? camera move out to group shot lisa dutch know about you . he know you work ... neville look astonished . neville my work ...? dutch stare upward , hand in back of breech , recite from memory . dutch " biowar pathology parameter in urban and semi-urban environment " Journal of military Medicine , June , 1974 , " incremental Effects countermeasure to toxic Agents in liquid system Delivery " microbiological letter , January , 1975 lisa God almighty , countermeasure to what ...? dutch to somebody poisoning you well . neville grin . neville where do you pick up on that ? dutch Med school , I be a senior when they scratch the whole world . I be go to apply to biowar lab for a post - doc , but the next term never come . neville be surprised , touch . neville I be sorry you do not make it . lisa if you all be do with the mutual admiration , you reckon we can go on into richie ? neville richie ? they walk toward house . dutch lisaq brother . he look like heus about to go over . close shot neville he frown uncomprehendingly . neville go over ...? two shot - dutch and neville they have reach house now head down hall into darken bedroom . dutch oh , that 's right . you have only see the tertiary case ... we’re primary , you see . neville be stunne . it simply have not occur to he that the young people be also victim of the plague . dutch when it hit , the older people either die outright or go to the third stage pretty fast . you know : blindness in light , albinism , psychotic delusion , occasional stage of torpor : like matthias and he gang . neville and you ? dutch some of the young people have a kind of resistance . we ...hold out . one or two of we be a little bit light sensitive , but otherwise all right . but ritchieus go . he 's advanced secondary . group shot - at door of bedroom a girl come out . lisa how be he ? girl ( shaking head ) no better . the color be go from he skin , Lisa . he 's almost white . Lisa shake she head . lisa if he be not out of he head already , that’d really blow he mind . dutch laugh without humor , light a candle . they step into darken room , close to bed . they look down to see a boy lie on bed , toss . his skin be light - not dead white , but very light -- though he feature be African . his hair be natural , but also light his eye , when he open they , be white , but only iris be miss . pupil be still visible . neville lean down over he , study he . this be we first chance to see neville as Doctor . lisa well ...? neville shut up . series of shot - neville and richie he go over richie carefully , check vital sign , blood pressure , reflex , etc . dutch ( o.s. ) he could hold here for week and then come up one of matthias ' monster -- or he could go over in ten minute . neville ( still examine richie ) so they go through fever and delirium pass from you state to matthias ' ? and then , at matthias , they hold again . indefinitely . close shot - dutch dutch I have see they go over before . I almost get kill last summer by a friend . he go over without any warning . when I look away . he be kind of pale and : he hair be go . when I look back he do not have any eye . mo . shot - group neville ( look up ) what do you do ...? dutch shrug , look at neville steadily . dutch why doctor , I do like you do . I kill the son of a bitch . lisa ( insistently ) listen , if the masonic rite be over , how about richie ? neville rise and they walk into next room . other kide sit around read , play guitar , eat . neville we will take he to my place . I have get most of what I need there . lisa ( scornfully ) be there anything you can do , Doctor ? you ’ve lose 200 million patient already . neville study she a moment . neville I do not have it . lisa have what ? time , a care ? neville I do not have the plague . I be immune . reaction shot - group of youngster even Lisa look awed . dutch frown , confuse . dutch everybody ...has it neville ( quietly ) everybody but I . there be a vaccine . only a experimental batch . we never think ... pan shot - youngster they watch neville expressionless dutch if ' you be immune , then you ... neville my blood could be a serum . at this stage the antibody might turn it around ... stop it ... dissolve to : long shot - old truck on freeway mo . shot - back of truck , neville , lisa , richie , other richie be completely cover to keep he from the light . mo shot - back of truck - two shot neville and dutch be talk . neville ... nothing with drug . its get to be the serum . dutch could n’t you reconstitute the vaccine ? neville I try . have you get any idea how many step it take to synthesize a antibiotic specific to this bag ? series of flash cut intercut during speech show neville capture one of matthias creature , restraining he , injecting he with various drug . close shot of neville’s face , the creature face . as neville inject he again , the creature break loose , smashes a flask over neville’s head , run toward elevator , fall , clutching throat , die . neville ( con 't ) I catch one of . matthias creature . I use everything on the shelf dutch and ...? neville he goddamn near kill I . and then he die very badly himself . mo . shot - back of truck - another angle dutch so it 's ... neville very tight , doctor . very tight , indeed . long - shot - truck in CITY street mo . shot - truck at neville's place ' they be at garage door unload richie carefully . mo . shot int . apartment Elevator door open . reaction of Lisa , dutch , small girl , other to apartment . they step out , amaze at the art , the beauty of leave side . Lisa turn , see arsenal , lab . lisa I see where you do you heavy think . mo . shot - neville art , book in b.g . neville that side keep this side go . you can not have one without the other . mo . close shot - lisa , arsenal , lab in b.g. lisa ( sardonically ) like love and marriage ...? close shot - neville neville ( sardonically ) that’s the way they use to sing the song . group shot they take richie down through lab side of apartment . at end be a door , open , another room there . bed , etc . neville the guest room . Lisa look at dust , cobweb . lisa you be not expect we ... neville pause in help put richie in bed , look up at Lisa . neville no , I be not expect you . mo . shot - neville and dutch in lab area we see Lisa still in b.g. through doorway look after richie , youngster look everywhere in apartment . neville i’ll need some help . dutch this place spook the kid . they be use to the country . flash CUT of SMALL girl awed by - lab equipment mo . shot - neville and dutch in lab area dutch Lisa be all the help you’ll need . you will make out just fine . they exchange glance . neville id almost forget how it be to have people that matter to you . dutch that 's all the matter there be . mo . shot - ext . plaza as the youngster climb back into truck , one , a little girl , come to neville who stand with Lisa . dutch stand nearby . she look up at neville . close shot - child child they come at night , the family ; they come in the dark , and some of the kid say they’ll take ritchieus soul and put it in a bag , and give it to the Devil ! that 's what some of the kid say close shot - neville neville oh , I will not let they do that , honey ... maybe ... group shot - child child be you God ? neville smile . Lisa cut in . lisa let 's find out if heus even a doctor before we go promote he . they laugh as dutch pick up the child put she in cab of truck . mo . close shot - neville , lisa waving at youngster the fountain splashes in the b.g. reverse shot truck pulling away camera pull back . truck in b.g. move away . in f.g. on either side of frame in profile be neville and Lisa look at one another . dissolve mo . shot - int . richie' room neville have a glucose drip set up , and on a table beside the bed various equipment for blood sample , etc . he stand look down at the boy who mumble , twist , rest uneasily . neville pick up a hypo , draw some fluid from a small phial , give richie a shot . after a moment or so , he restlessness abate . Lisa come into room quietly , come up behind neville quite close . she be in shadow , only barely visible . lisa how about a break ? neville well need one . there 's nothing more to do until tomorrow ... lisa I mean for dinner . neville turn . mo . close shot - lisa - neville's point of view in this shot , we discover for the first time since the very brief encounter in the clothing store that Lisa be a exceptionally beautiful woman . she be dress in a white mini-skirt , completely feminine . reverse shot - neville reaction mo . two shot Lisa take neville’s hand , pull he toward other room . mo . shot in b.g. Lisa move toward phonograph , neville head for liquor cabinet . as he pass bust of caesar and chessboard , he glance down at , board . neville you move mo . close shot - lisa at phonograph she look up slightly puzzle . lisa what be we play ? close shot - neville take gin and sherry down from cabinet . he turn , look puzzle too . then he laugh . neville ( point at bust ) my partner . also my attorney executive officer , chief of staff ... Lisa take cap off bust , perches it on she own head , grin at neville . lisa you sure know how to pick ‘em . close shot - candelabra , table set for dinner music be lush , insinuate the table set be expensive china and crystal . in b.g. the balcony , drape parte , moon low in sky . SOUND of glass be fill , camera pull back to reveal Lisa and neville sit at table . he have on a shirt , neckerchief , sport coat . neville how do you find the dress ? Lisa smile . lisa the same way you find the jacket . I hustle it . neville look thoughtful . neville I wonder why either of as bother to pick they up . Lisa finish a mouthful of food . lisa no bother . the house - fuzz be on extend vacation . anyhow , you never believe you be the only one leave . there be a song : someday my prince will come ... neville grin . neville yeah . that be in show White . Lisa blushes , look irritate , but go on . lisa I keep think , someday something 's get to come along ... and that 's about what happen . neville what ? Lisa look he over . lisa ( sardonically ) something , mo . close - neville smile , pour wine , neville one question ... close - lisa lisa all right . what ? close - neville neville that stadium light ... how do you manage that ? no power , no gas for the emergency generator , the patching ... close - lisa look smug , coy . lisa oh , massa neville , this year chile 's go to college . School of electrical engineering at Berkeley . two shot neville roll wine on he tongue . neville I be surprised you do not barn the stadium down . Lisa , angry slam down she fork . lisa do n’t be a wise ass mister . I save you tail . anyhow , if you would be listen to the kid at Berkeley instead of fool around in a lab with you superbugs ... suddenly , from outside , where it be now dark , we hear : matthias ( o.s. ) so you’re back , neville . that escape be very clever very " scientific . neville go on eat . Lisa look up , she face freeze with a old fear , neville what 's wrong ... lisa nothing . oh , its he voice . i’ll never get use to it , to hearing it . we be with he for a while , you know close shot - neville he be surprised , interested . neville with he ? close shot - lisa profile lisa when it happen when even the army fall apart and there be nobody leave , matthias would walk the street at night ringing a bell . what people be leave live alone , like animal . richie and I have as a place in the back of a furniture store ... we hear he bell , and we come out to see ... and there be other people . we think we be alone ... mo . two shot neville shake he head . neville there be weapon , car , food Lisa shake she head almost angrily . lisa and there be two kid completely alone , with the ruin - of the whole world and six million corpse around they . matthias give we the family , for a while , close shot - neville neville what happen ? mo . shot - li sa she stand now , walk amidst the book and painting of the leave side of the room . lisa we help with the burial , with the burn , but when it be do , when the worst be past ... two shot - lisa and neville matthias ( o.s. ) we can hear the music , see the light ... it must be wonderful up there ... everything a man could want . Lisa have pause as matthias ' distant voice come into the room . she shiver and continue . lisa they notice how different we be . they hate we skin , we eye , they resent we because we could still walk in the sunlight , enjoy the breeze and the flower and the cloud roll in from the ocean . close shot - lisa lisa and one night , when they be awake and we sleep , matthias and the rest try to kill all of we ... some of we get away and hide out . long two shot - neville and lisa during conclusion of last speech , neville have rise and walk across room to she . matthias ( o.s. ) everything you could want except another like yourself camera zoom in on lisa who look at neville . her lip be moist , she eye soft . camera turn , holding lisa , to two shot : now two profile . matthias ( o.s. ) it 's a awful thing to be alone , neville , to be the last of something ... neville stretch out he hand . Lisa come to meet it . mo , shot - ext . apartment - matthias , family it be quite dark and we see matthias ' family more as dark mass than as individual figure . camera pan from one face to another as dialogue go on , pause at each to show the horror and loneliness of this creature - they be all look up , some without glass . intersperse with shot of brightly light penthouse , long shot - up angle . lisa ( o.s. ) I believe he 's right , do n’t you ? neville ( o.s. ) , I do not have to believe . I know . lisa ( o.s. ) if all this have n’t happen , what do you suppose you would have do . sooner or later . neville ( o.s. ) , I do n’t know . maybe I would have stay out one night , or walk downstairs , sooner or later . lisa ( o.s. ) it 's different now , for I ... mo . shot - int . apartment , lisa and neville as Lisa speak , we hear the generator , which be a constant sub-sound in all scene in neville 's apartment , sputter and fail , then start again , music lose speed , whine , come back to proper pitch , then power fail completely . Lisa rise as neville spring from table . candle now be only illumination . neville that bastard ... how could they get into the garage ? no , no ... it 's out of gas . I have not fuel it in two day . as he talk , neville be get stun gun , flashlight , grenade . he toss a stun gun to Lisa . neville you stay here . you will not need that , but still it will make you more comfortable . neville run to elevator , pries open door . mo . shot - int . elevator shaft - up angle neville’s face , flashlight , peer into pitch dark . we hear in b.g. , the SOUND of the family pounding on the garage door . close shot - neville he climb out trap door in roof of elevator , grab elevator cable . SOUND of pounding grow louder . series of shot - neville go down cable scene illuminate by flashlight at he belt . close shot neville prying open bottom elevator door . this should be rather hard with only inch to stand on , as he work . SOUND of pounding be now deafen . as neville finally stand in garage , rest against wall next to open elevator , he see : mo . shot garage door under club , axe close shot - neville - same angle his expression do not change as he pull gun from shoulder sling , cock it , open fire at door . close shot - garage door splintering the SOUND override poundiiz : sound of pain , sceam from outside as the door be fill with score of hole from neville 's gun . mo . shot - neville with flashlight he have a large battery light and be hustling five - gallon gasoline can over to tank on generator . pour gasoline . it be deathly silent , except for cry , moan from outside . close - lisa - upstair she have hear the shoot , walk back and forth in the candlelight , nervous , close - ext . apt . - matthias and zachary they stand in the darken plaza next to the now silent fountain . Zachary have a rope with a grapple on it . he throw it up to balcony of second floor . matthias you may not have time , Zachary . he 's in there , work , Zachary smile . zachary I get more time than he do . when he come back up , I will be wait . matthias do not be foolhardy . he have the devil luck . during he speech matthias hand a zulu spear to Zachary . close shot - zachary as he speak , camera show he snake a pistol out of he boot , covertly shove it into he belt under the robe he wear . zachary sure he do , but this time , the luck 's run out . gimme ten minute and it 's paradise lose . hang in , brother . mo . long shot zachary climbing with spear slung over back with expert agility Zachary climb the rope to the second floor balcony . then he toss grapple to next floor , climb . mo . shot - neville , pouring gasoline he finish , still in a sweat , pause for a moment to rest close shot - zachary climbing side view , Zachary breathe heavily , go up from third to fourth floor , camera move up for shot of he profile against the moon as he climb rapidly . close shot - down angle - zachary climbing straight down into Zachary 's face and empty white eye as he climb . below , b.g. of shot , we see plaza wash in pale moonlight , silent fountain he reach fourth balcony , rest against rail . mo . shot - lisa stand , hand on back of chair , look toward elevator . the door be open . it be a dark hole . there be no sound . mo . close - neville he be pull rope to start generator . it will not turn over , he curse and try again . on the fourth pull , it connect , motor start , light , come on , flicker at first then steadily . neville smile , sigh with relief , look toward garage door . there be only silence . mo . long shot - EST . apt . plaza down angle shot show plaza , balcony , and area behind plaza , bush where family lurk . as shot open , floodlight come on , all grab eye , pull hood over they face . some howl in pain , stumble , writhe on ground , crawl to bush . camera close , mo . close , on matthias who fumble he sunglass back in place and plunge into the shrubbery . zoom shot from very long to close - zachary as shot close on he , Zachary , pull hood close , be just toss grapple to fifth floor balcony . he be well under floodlight which be space every thirty foot or so above he and point oat . it be only the reflect and diffuse light he must contend with . close - lisa she hear grapple land , react . where do the sound come from ? be it close or distant ? she stand now face elevator , head turn . then she hear another SOUND ( light and music be on again already ) , it be the elevator - door close . generator SOUND be also on again , she watch elevator door , what be come up ? neville - - or something else ? close shot - elevator door revrse shot - lisa , balcony in b.g. we see in b.g. Zachary appear on balcony . toss spear aside , pull gun . mo shot - elevator door , lisaks point of view as she watch , they open , Dark figure step slowly into light . it be neville . he smile at she reassuringly . then o.s. SOUND of pistol be cook , neville’s face change , blaze with hatred . he swing stun gun up , seem to aim directly at she . close - lisa lisa Robert ...? she fall away out of line of fire . mo long shot - balcony , neville point of view Zachary be over balcony , cover he eye with one arm . he be aim pistol at neville while cover eye from light with leave arm . close shot - neville he fire . close shot zachary bullet chew up drapery , wall . bullet hit he , but he try to come on . the short burst hit he , knock he backward like a fire hose . he stumble , rise cover with blood , he face unveil now , blood on the pale skin , run into he blank eye . another burst knock he back onto balcony and over it . he fall without a sound . reverse zoom shot - zachary falling back to bush beyond floodlight where matthias be , from he point of view . close - matthias his face be contort in pain . other family member murmur , moan . matthias ( whisper ) oh , brother , he will not be up there forever , I promise you ... I promise you mo . close - zachary he lie sprawle on cement of plaza , eye open , freeze , at last unaffected by the floodlight . in he right hand , we see the pistol . camera close on pistol . close - matthias he see pistol , mouth twitches . his vote be soft , sorrowful . camera close closer as he speak , matthias ah , so it wasn’t neville who bring brother Zachary down . no , look . neville be only a instrument of punishment , be n’t he ? ( murmur of assent , yes , brother ) because brother Zachary use forbidden thing , he sin against the night matthias stare up at neville’s apartment . reverse zoom to balcony mo . long shot - balcony to int . apt . neville have drop gun , walk slowly to Lisa who lie on floor , raise on one elbow . mo . two shot lisa I ... think ... neville do not smile . neville sure you do . you think , the honky 's freak out . give ‘em time , it always come to this ... lisa ( consider ) no , no .... she stand up with he hand to help she . close two - shot lisa ( grin ) I think , it 's get to be matthias disguise in a neville suit ... neville embrace she . close - lisa eye close she still grin , react to he touch . she find she be cover with grease from neville’s slide down elevator cable . she smear some of the grease on he face . lisa but there 's nobody else like you , be there ... ( beat ) ... you pale - face bastard . very close shot - neville's face even the touch of a beautiful woman after so long do not quite dull he edge . neville what - be the old joke ? " if you be the only girl in the world , and I be the only boy , all right but until then , do not bother I . " so I guess you be the only girl in the world . ( beat ) you pretty black bitch . camera move to close two - shot they kiss , break , look at each other : two people who have be through a lot for a long time . if there be a God , they want to thank him for this chance to be human again . long shot - SUN rising , from neville balcony close shot - lisa sleeping in rumpled bed she be alone , reach out for neville . Sun strike bed . she open eye , squint with more than normal reaction to sun . mo . shot - lisa go to draw drape she walk rapidly to balcony , draw blind . she be nude . she rub she eye , look at she hand . stands in shadow , worried expression on she face . long shot - neville at other end of apt . he be coming through door to ritchieus room . neville do not see Lisa at first . he stand scratch head , consider how to proceed with richie , walk over to laboratory facility . lisa ( o.s. ) how be he ...? neville do not glance up , be still study . neville stable . no loss of pigment since yesterday , vital sign steady . he 's comfortable . he look up , see Lisa , smile . neville I ’m sorry . I be think . it be be a long time since I have anyone to take care of ... close shot - lisa she stand in the shadow , smile . lisa you have not lose you touch . you take very good care . mo , shot - neville camera pan as neville walk over , close shot as he kiss she lightly . they exchange amused look . neville well , let 's get on with it . lisa what ? neville we take a ride . I need some thing for the serum . want to come ...? lisa richie ...? neville he’ll sleep for three or four hour . well be back . mo . shot - neville and lisa in drugstore they be take thing from shelf . close - lisa stand before shelf , label planned parenthood supplies . she reach up , take down a bottle of pill , toss it from hand to hand , grin at neville . close neville's reaction he return the grin . two-shot Lisa toss the bottle away . they walk from the drugstore hand in hand , neville carry a sack of supplies . mo . long shot - neville , lisa in car pull up in front of a hospital . it be surround by car , a ambulance have crash on the emergency ramp . the scene should take into account the awful final day of the plague , and how it must have be at the hospital . close two - shot - in car neville why do n’t you wait for I ? there 's no use you go in ... lisa save it . you might need some help carry thing . series of shot - int . hospital this should be SHOCK scene recalling the actual dimension of the city 's final agony . neville carry he stun gun , remain impassive as they walk . Lisa react to horror despite she toughness . mo . shot - corridor corpse scattered - here and there . some on stretcher , some on floor . close shot - lisa reaction long shot - lisa and neville walk through ward . pan shot - beds in ward . in each bed there be a corpse , desiccate , skeletal , some be lie , some sit up . one be half out of bed . the horror be moderate by the darkness and shadow of the ward . there may be a echo in this shot of pan shot on family when Zachary be kill . close shot - neville and lisa Lisa look straight ahead now . neville , stun gun in right hand , keep on lookout for family member . mo . shot - nurse station the dead nurse , desiccate , uniform rotted , sit in various posture as death catch they . close - lisa holding onto neville's arm mo . shot -- int . of lab it be light because of window when neville raise blind . he look around , spot a small centrifuge . neville that’s it . I wonder if there 's anything else . Lisa stand stare blankly at a calendar , March 1975 . lisa if there be , think about it . I do n’t want to come back again . neville look up with a small patronize smile . neville it get to you , do it ? lisa I be just fine , buddy . it would get to anybody who can feel ... neville look : it 's over with . make believe the dead be happy . close - neville he have centrifuge , spot a white lab coat hang on a clothes tree . take it down , look at it , bundle it up and stick it into centrifuge . neville come on . let 's go play doctor . lisa I never learn that kind of make- believe . I just keep wonder , why I ? why do I live ...? neville because you be young , strong and resistant . thank you gene . lisa ( bitter laugh ) that 's the first thing I ever do have to thank they for . mo . two - shot - int . apt . - neville on cot he lie with blood device in he arm . Lisa hold bulb to draw blood . neville just squeeze it gently . keep squeezing ‘till the bottle 's full . lisa ( uneasily ) will one bottle ... be enough ? camera pan slowly , settling on close shot of plasma bottle on leave side of frame . it be empty . neville and Lisa in b.g. neville , Lisa in focus . neville its 160 proof Old anglo - saxon . one drop will ... lisa ( try to hide she queasiness ) corrode you mind , send you run for the front of the bus ... neville ( laugh ) well ... there be n’t any buss anymore . go on . start . as he say last line , she begin . focus change instantly to bottle . blood gush up , begin to fill the bottle . close shot - blood in centrifuge centrifuge be turn on and begin to spin . neville ( o.s. ) , I be a very peculiar doctor that last year ... close shot wine pouring into glass neville ( o.s. ) , I look for way of treat disease that have n’t exist ... mo . two - shot - lisa and neville drink wine over sandwich on - work table . neville ... until other doctor invent they . lisa it be a peculiar world , be not it ? neville it be what we make of it . everybody help . lisa they pay for it . close - neville examine richie . finishes examination begin draw blood with large syringe . neville but the last irony be matthias . look who get leave behind to play noah after the flood . lisa noah be up for grab , Robert . matthias be only a contender . close two - neville looking up neville um ...? Lisa smile at he . camera move out to show richie come around . he look up , suddenly terrify as he see neville . richie ( weakly ) hey ... lisa easy , baby . its all right ... richie where be we ? do they get we ...? lisa nobody get we , richie . you remember that place where there be light ? the place where the creep all come at night try to bring it down ? richie yeah , sure ... lisa this be it . this be neville . he 's ... the landlord , I guess . ( slyly ) richie ease back , somewhat reassure . richie how sick be he ? Lisa smile sardonically at neville . lisa he be n’t hardly sick at all , honey . maybe just a little spook once in a while . he 's go to get you well . richie well , hell . you know there ain’t no way ... neville I be go to try . what have you get - to loose ? richie smile up at he . richie nothin ' man . not a thing . you go it , hear ? lisa he will , baby . he will . very close shot - microscopic slide on the slide we see cell be attach and destroy by other cell . neville ( o.s. ) , I do n’t know how much it will take . i’ll draw blood as often as I can . well just have to keep pump it to he . lisa ( o S . ) ( tired ) how long do you think it will take ? neville ( o.s. ) , how do I know ? maybe it wont work at all ... who do you think I be , Louis pasteur ? very close shot - lisa face we notice that she be a little lighter than in past scene . streak in she hair should now be somewhat noticeable . lisa but its a chance ... mo . close - neville he look up from microscope . neville yeah , and it ought to be you chance . you need this stuff , too . two-shot lisa not as bad as he do . and anyhow , he 's my brother ... neville study she a moment . neville that 's why he be get it first . ( beat ) and if it work , you understand what that should mean , do not you ? Lisa look puzzle . lisa what ? neville Hell be the source of more antibody . the more people we can inject , the more we will have serum for ... the other . and when that 's do , we will pull out . we will take what we need , and head for the mountain and the valley ... think of what 's out there ... mo . shot - lisa she be listen , but she expression show that she be preoccupy with other thought . neville have leave workbench and walk across apartment . Lisa walk with he . they stop near liquor cabinet . neville ( o.s. ) , a whole world . vine , field that will grow anything we want to plant . stream full of fish again . stands of timber ... lisa you sound almost ... neville almost what ? lisa almost glad that it ... happen . camera pull out to two shot neville pour a drink , mix one for Lisa . he look up coldly , almost angrily . neville I be not glad , but I ’m not moan , either . I tell they in biowar , you people be crazy . this kind of research ... ( break off ) ... ah , why do you think I be a colonel instead of a lieutenant general ? lisa now they know . neville no , they do n’t know a goddamn thing . they be dead . we know . ( beat ) forget it . its not worth we time . he take off lab coat , climb into coverall , get stun gun , belt with flashlight , grenade , etc . he cock stun gun , check pouch for ammo , check flashlight . close - lisa lisa where be you ' go ? do n’t you need some rest ? close - neville neville this be the way I rest ... i’ll be back before sundown . do n’t worry . lisa Robert ... neville later ... close shot - neville waving from elevator - lisa' Pov reverse shot - lisa she look sad , subdued tear in she eye . ext . plaza - day empty and the fountain splashes untend . we see a small figure on a bicycle pedale across the far side of the open space . it be the child we meet in the house with Al and richie and the other . she conceal she bicycle at the edge of the plaza and scurries fearfully across the open space to the fountain . on the edge of its lowest basin , she lay out a pitiful array of flower and a apple or two from a paper shopping bag she carry . she crouch , kneel with she hand clasped , hardly dare to look up at neville 's tower . girl please ... I bring you this stuff . do not let they take I either , and put I in a bag . please . she hear the SOUND of a engine roaring closer and race terror-struck , for she bicycle . as she disappear , neville 's car cross the plaza at speed , slow only enough for the garage door to open and enter . the girl 's offer lie unheeded on the fountain . very close hand with hypodermic needle camera pull out to mo . close - neville be inject richie with serum . the boy be unconscious , mumble deliriously . richie ... get to move fast , keep on move . that matthias , he want you . all the cop want ' I you . they gonna get you , boy , they gonna make you come over , you hear ? this dialogue in background while neville and Lisa ( who be o.s. in dress room ) talk . camera pull out . to mo . shot . intercut close shot - lisa , look in mirror at a streak of silver in she hair . lisa what do you think ...? mo . shot - neville neville I do not . we will have to see . close - lisa she use mascara to cover the light streak in she hair . stare at herself in mirror . lisa he 's all the brother I ’ve get , all the family ... in this world . neville do not sweat . this be he best chance . mo . shot - neville walking into MAIN apt . neville if there be time , I would have trap one of matthias ' thing and try the serum on it . Lisa bristle at this . lisa what do you mean " thing '' be n’t they human , too ? neville yeah ... I guess you could call they that . how many be there ? forty ? ... fifty ? the last of that four billion steamy body that be crawl around last time somebody take a count . they be a dandy bunch be not they ? lisa they do the best they could . who the hell be you to put down the human race ? neville I ? I be nobody , baby ... but at least I know it . I be just part of the crowd , and I do not think much of it . lisa well I do ! they make the world ... that 's what it be all about . neville no , honey ... they ruined it ... we be live in what they make of it , and God help we . pretty soon that sick animal out there will be go , and then we will be too and all that will be leave be this ( point to he collection of cultural artifact ) that one rembrandt 's worth more than everyone leave alive in this stinking city ! maybe in a hundred year or so god’ll get around to kick through the ash down here and read Shakespeare and say , " well ... maybe it be worth it . " lisa I have hear that kind of talk before , you uppity , honky pig ... and I hate it ! neville ohhh , lovely ! yeah ... I have hear that kind of talk before , too , and that get everybody a hell of a long way , do not it ? there be just about enough of we here to go through all that again , right ? ( more ) neville ( con 't ) you can find a panther cell , and I can start up a White citizen Council ! or shall I be the sds and you can be the whole damn Harvard faculty ?! too bad we do not have enough folk around to do the United Nations over , be not it ! close - lisa she be boil , but hold she control . she speak quietly , matter - of - factly . lisa neville , you be a bastard . a class - a bastard . mo . shot - lisa walking toward door neville ( o.s. ) , where be you head ? Lisa stop , turn . lisa I know it do not mean much to you , but it happen this be a anniversary . two year ago today , all that no - good people you just write off , die in this town . I have get a mother and father richie and I bury with we own hand out there , after the Army stop burn the body . id like to go visit they , if it 's all right with you ! neville study she for a long moment . neville sure , it 's all right . he toss she something below camera range as he speak . neville take this with you . close - lisa catch a stun gun , stand hold it , look down at it , back up toward neville . fade out fade in : close - lisa walking rapidly , purposefully . shot be head and shoulder . camera pull out to mo . shot . she be walk along a path with grass grow up on both side . camera pull out to long shot , down angle . we see now that she be walk in a cemetery . the grave be overgrown , some of the stone fall . the place be in general disrepair . mo . shot - lisa and grave she push aside some tall weed and stand before a place relatively clear , where someone have put gravel to keep down the weed and have carefully outline a large grave - site with coke and seven - up bottle by bury they in the ground neck down . there be a fade plaque of wood , probably the bottom of a orange - crate or something more substantial . on it be the name and date of she parent : Richard and lorena mcnally bear , Montgomery , Alabama die , Los Angeles , California 1977 in front of the marker be a couple of tin coffee can with the remain of long - wilted flower in they . very close lisa face she stand for a moment , silent , near tear . then she speak in a low , almost conversational tone . lisa listen , I know I do not come like I should . but it 's hard time , momma , daddy . you never know what hard time be . you only think you do . suddenly , above she monologue , she hear a SOUND . a sob . it .is not the sound of a animal , but a human sound , she whirl , a copy of neville , the stun gun she be carry ready to fire . she cock it as she turn , and she face be hard . she see nothing . mo . long shot - crypt lisa Pov perhaps some thirty meter away through the weed and grass , she see a crypt . it , too , be overgrown with moss , ivy , and have not be care for . close - lisa she slowly approach crypt , gun ready , a little on edge , curious . voice ( o.s. ) oh , God ... oh ... Lisa stop as she hear this moan , then move cautiously around to front of crypt . the door be ajar slightly . again , like neville , after a pause , she kick door OPEN , jump past it , glance inside . mo . shot - lisa - from within crypt Lisa be outline against the bright summer sky , she shadow long , only she silhouette visible . she stand look inside . she gun ready . very close lisa face her expression be one of astonishment , utter sorrow . mo . shot - woman kneeling in crypt lisa Pov the woman , a hood over she head and shoulder like a shawl , kneel beside a tiny body laid out on rag . her finger touch its leg or arm . she face the body as shot open . then she turn very slowly to she leave , look up at Lisa from the deep shadow . mo . close '' womand face - slight down angle her face be dead white , white hair straggle around it . her eye be the blank white of all matthias ' people . and there be tear run down she cheek . in b.g. but clearly visible , we see the face of the dead child , its eye , too , be white , blank . it be obviously a newborn infant . mo . close reverse shot - lisa - slight up angle the gun fall to she side . she stand for a moment watch the woman . lisa I be ... sorry ... mo . shot - lisa she turn and run away from the crypt , back the way she have come . long shot down angle lisa running through cemetery close shot fountain ext . neville's apt . - up angle it be late afternoon . the fountain bubbles , its water spew into the air and cascade down from one level to another , over the side and into the bottom pool . camera pull back , draw neville into frame , show shot be neville's Pov . shot be of neville from behind . reverse shot - neville arm fold , he stand watch fountain splash . he enjoy watch it . SOUND of car approach in near distance . mo . shot - lisa in car the shot be past neville in f.g. Lisa pull up , park the car , and get out slowly , carry she gun listlessly . she be absorb in think , stop a little behind neville on the far side of fountain . she wear sunglass and a scarf though it be not bright . her hair have a few subtle streak in it and she skin have lighten also . neville have glance at the car as it arrive , be now turn back to fountain . neville it 's a illusion , you know . it look like a tapped spring , but there 's nothing new ... the same water come up over and over again ... Lisa say nothing . neville he 's better . his skin a little darker ; I can n’t tell about he eye yet . mo . shot - another angle Lisa be restless . she walk around fountain , look through at neville from the far side . lisa he 's get eye like he momma , big and soft . melting brown . I will know when they be right . she always say hold give the girl hell . and he would ... if there be any girl . close - neville profile - lisa in b.g. out of focus he be look past fountain . neville do you find ... you people ? hold shot - Lisa in focus , not look at neville . lisa yes . right where we put they down . we talk a while . ( beat ) and then something happen . hold shot focus on neville again . he glance through fountain at Lisa . neville oh ...? mo . shot - lisa - neville in b.g. out of focus far side of fountain Lisa walk slowly back and forth , not look at neville , profile to we . lisa a couple of matthias ' people be out there ... hold shot neville in focus , look at Lisa , interested . neville do you take care of they ? reverse shot - lisa through fountain neville Pov Lisa turn to fade he now , angrily . lisa no . I do not . I do n’t do a goddamn thing but look and choke and run . mo . close - neville through fountain - lisa Pov he look puzzle at she angry response . as she continue , he expression change to one of compassion . lisa ( o.s. ) because one of they be a dead baby stillborn , like all of they . and the other one be its mother . and because I do not go around shoot mother and baby anyhow ... close shot - lisa lisa ... and because in nine month I could be on my knee right where she be ... very close zoom shot - neville through fountain his reaction to Lisa 's announcement of possible pregnancy . neville what be you talk about ? close shot - lisa - sitting on edge of fountain she be turn away from neville , look into canera , still angry . lisa well , now , man , I ’m not sure . I mean , I miss my appointment with the obstetrician and he be out of rabbit anyhow . but I be sick as a hound dog this morning and right now I feel like I ’ve be eat weed . close neville's reaction neville well I will be damned ... close - lisa turn toward he . lisa that be a damn good bet . long two - shot - down angle neville walk around fountain to join Lisa . she turn , look up at he , rise . they embrace , kiss , walk toward garage entrance together . very close shot - penlight beam , directly into camera frame be filled with light . it move a little back and forth . neville ( o.s. ) , do that hurt ...? richie ( o.s. ) a little ... yeah , it hurt . how about off man ? mo . group shot - neville , lisa . richie be in bed ritchieus color be now clearly return . his hair be perhaps dark blond , light tan . Lisa be smile . so be neville . neville a week ago , that much light would have drive you crazy . richie laugh , snap he finger . he be a tough young man , not easily impressed , but he recovery have make he demonstrative . richie ( sing ) ... I be beginning to see the light ... neville ( to Lisa ) he’s do fine . we can move he any - time now . ( to richie ) get some rest . you’re go to need it . mo . two shot - lisa and nevlle walking into MAIN apt . lisa move he ...? neville sure . I will have another batch of the serum ready in a few hour , and that 's it . we will load up the land Rover in the garage , meet dutch and the other and head out . how about the sierras ? maybe Washington ... it do not matter . close shot - lisa who smile with delight at the news . mo . two shot - lisa and neville neville go to he laboratory workbench . Lisa call back to richie . camera stays on lisa . lisa what you want to eat , honey ? richie ( o.s. ) gimme some more of that great chicken soup ... ugh ! Lisa laugh , go to cabinet for soup , take it to stove . lisa ( to richie ) listen , you feel like come out here to eat it ? richie ( o.s. ) sure . you better ask the man , though . lisa hey ... camera pan to nevilie , grin . neville all right . put on that robe I bring you . and walk easy . you may feel a little giddy . Lisa walk into frame , kiss neville . lisa he 's be giddy for 18 year . Lisa have a gun , wear she sunglass and a shoulder purse . neville what be you up to ? lisa you say we be go to leave . I be go to hit the store . what I pick up today , you’re go to be see for a long time . neville pause in he work , look concerned . neville why do not you skip it . in that store , some of they ... lisa ( laugh ) the most dangerous thing I ever come across in that store be ... you . ( seriously ) look , I get my gun . mo . shot - lisa and neville - another angle neville shrug , half -smile . neville watch yourself . stay on the round floor , close to the door in the light ... and if you see anything , shoot . lisa ( impatiently ) sure . and honey ... neville glance up questioningly . lisa can I have you credit card ...? camera follows lisa into elevator . on the way down , she take off she glass . her expression be one of fatigue . under she scarf , the streak in she hair be mach more evident . her complexion seem lighter than before . long shot - lisa drive down empty STREET mo . close - lisa in car mo . long - lisa walking along STREET she pause to look in the window of various shop Doors be frequently open , window display fall down , Cars park along street be rusted , flat tire , etc . in one or two car , one can see a hint of a decaye corpse . close - richie eating soup dress in neville 's robe , many size too large for he . he eat slowly , reflectively . in b.g. , neville be prepare to draw more blood . richie be that go to be for I ...? neville no , you do n’t need any more . this be for Lisa . she have to get it before ... richie before she go bad like I do . lemme ask you something . would that stuff work on say matthias ? mo . shot - neville on bed , richie beside it richie help neville , draw blood . pint bottle on table . neville it might . there 's no way to tell for sure . two shot - neville and richie richie there 's one way ... mo . shot - neville on bed , richies point of view neville forget it . we’ve get ... what ? six , eight kid to look after include dutch . I can not use any more of my blood till we be clear of this place and I can afford the weakness ... close - richie richie how about mine ? close - neville neville later . in a month ... if you blood count be good , if you gain weight ... but not soon . two shot - neville and richie neville pull needle . bottle be full . he wipe arm with cotton , stand up , stretch . richie that 's not all of it , Chief . if there be a cow that give two quart of that serum a day , you still would n’t ( beat ) ... go to matthias , as he say the last part of speech , it be clear that richie be formulate for the first time what he think should be do , mo . long two shot - on roof there be a kind of pillbox on the roof form of sandbag . topside be mount a light machine gun aim toward the roof access way . neville be sit on sandbag , richie stand . neville okay , you be right . the hell with they . richie but ... they be part of the human race neville you say . you sister say . but when the wheel top turn , I get leave with the decision and I say matthias and he collection of loony even cure ... would ruin a fresh start . close - richie he be angry in turn . richie you come on real strong like you’d wipe out the whole family if I tell you where they hole up . close - neville his interest be arouse . do richie know where the family stay ? neville the rat 's nest ? just try I . mo . long shot - richie he have walk away from neville . now he whirl . richie all right . they’re down in the Federal Court building . that 's where they stay . go , man , go . close shot - neville stand at pillbox , he arm over canvas covete machine - gun . his expression change from disbelief to astonishment . series of flash cut : Federal Court building , neville drink , look out at building as on P. 26 neville so that 's where they be all the time , close shot - richie smile wryly . richie well , what be you wait for ? be not you gonna go zap they ? kill , you get to kill close shot - neville he look a little sheepish , between anger and laughter . neville there 's no time now . I have get to go set it up with dutch for tomorrow ... close - richie he smile at neville , he like and respect return . richie gee , you really a mean ass , ain’t you ? mo . close two shot neville smile at he . neville I be , you little bastard ‘till I get mix up with you and you sister and the rest of the katzenjammer kid . they exchange look of real affection . dissolve to : long shot - neville drive we see he drive up to the house in which dutch and the other live . dutch come out to meet he . camera close to mo . two shot . dutch richie ...? neville beautiful . the staff work . I have get blood draw to make up some for Lisa . we will start on the rest of you in a week or so . dutch you be use a lot of juice , Doc . how do you feel ? neville Fine . no problem . they walk , look into canyon . dutch it 's a nice world . somebody ought to do something with it . camera move to close shot - neville neville its all ours , dutch . can you be ready to travel in the morning ? close shot - lisa in store in wine shop . she hum , smile , reach up and take from shelf a bottle of wine , examine it critically , put it in she large cloth shopping bag . close - richie - int . neville apt . he be talk earnestly . richie not all that different from they , man . you get to try . right ? you can not walk away . do not you see ? you be a good man ... camera pull out show richie dress , pull on a shirt , talk to the bust of caesar now on a shelf , still wear the overseas cap , richie but you do n’t listen . you go you own way . well , this time it 's gonna be my way , you know ? my way he be dress now and walk purposefully toward elevator . he pause , look at arsenal , go over , pick up a flashlight , find a scrap of paper , write something on it , put in gun barrel . enter elevator . camera follows in mo . shot of ritchieus face as elevator door close . mo . two shot - neville and dutch dutch sure . where be we go ? camera move in to close shot - neville neville away . somewhere no one bother with before , on a river nobody damme , in mountain that be too far to build highway to . where everything we do ... camera pull out to two shot with dutch dutch ... will be the first time it 's be do there neville and dutch laugh , exchange grin . neville you’ve get the idea . dutch like we be the first people only this time do n’t trust no snake . they laugh . camera pull out to mo . two shot . neville and dutch walk back to he car . dutch you want as at you place , the crack of dawn , huh ? neville 's reverie be interrupt . neville huh ? oh , yes . right . camera hold as they shake hand then move to long shot as neville drive away . dutch wave , watch he go . dutch see you , tomorrow , mose . mo . close - lisa in store undress , try on dress in front of a large , three - panel mirror . she stand nude in the shadow , change to a new dress . she step into medium light before mirror , see that she be much lighter , she hair be heavily streak . shot - richie - walking in a fine mood , do a dance step now and then , hand in pocket . he pause in front of leather goods store . mo . shot - richie coming out of-store he now wear a expensive leather jacket such as he could never have afforded in the past . he walk on . mo . close shot - elevator door - int . neville apt door open as shot begin . neville put leave toward liquor at blast of caesar . neville well , I wonder if we will have room for you he stroll to balcony , look out over plaza , fountain . neville richie ... ( beat ) richie ... neville frown , turn back toward interior of apt . zoom shot - piece of paper - neville point of view as camera focus on the note , stick in the barrel of the gun nearest neville . neville walk rapidly into frame , head for note . camera follows to mo . shot . neville read note . neville go to find out who' right : you or I ... he frown quizzically . neville whous right ? you or ... I ... close - neville look up , suddenly understanding the note 's meaning . neville matthias ... my God , that stupid kid ! neville rapidly begin load up on equipment . he take down grenade , a satchel - charge , extra clip for the stun gun , flashlight , etc . mo . shot - neville sling stun gun over shoulder , turn , run into elevator . wide angle shot - court build - richies point of view mo . reverse shot - richie look up at the impose building , he eye travel along its front . he look wary , as if he wish he have not embark on this particular venture . then he shrug , start up step . mo . shot - richie go up step . pause at the dark open door , then walk in quickly , impulsively . mo . shot - neville piling equipment into car close shot - lisa - in store sit at cosmetics table now , shot over she shoulder , into mirror . her face be light , hair blond , eye green . she smear - dark pancake makeup on cheek , try desperately to pretend to herself that she be not change over . her light hand slow down at she see the hopelessness of it . her face reflect fear and hopelessness . mo . shot - richie walk into court building , camera follows as richie walk down dark desert corridor . they seem almost to form a maze , close - richie as he round a corner , he stop , look up , mouth open in horror . camera pull out rapidly up angle , past shoulder of someone or something richie be stare at . mo . close revrse shot - up angle - statue it be a very large statue of justice , hold scale and sword . camera move up to very close shot on face , blind eye . reverse shot - richies reaction he be relieved , but still fearful , almost ready to run . he turn , about to retrace he step , perhaps to give it up , to leave . mo . shot richie from down corridor as he turn back , he be grab on both side from shadow . close - richie close - one of matthias ' creatur3 in this shot and follow , the shook effect of they eye and dead white face should be maximize . close shot - other creature close - richie face paralyze with fear , as they drag he out of cambra field of focus . long shot - neville in car round corner suicidally , head for court building . we notice for first time that it be well into the afternoon , the sun stand fairly low in the sky . close - neville in car - front view face grim , determine . he twist wheel viciously as he round another corner . close - richie hold between he two captor . matthias voice be soft , reassure . matthias what be you name ? richie try to answer , but be near panic . camera move to very close shot of richie . matthias what be you name ? once you be among we ... mo . shot - neville in car arrive in front of court building , drive up on sidewalk , up on step if possible , pile out of car , get equipment , run into building . close shot candle - richie in b.g. out of focus this scene be in courtroom where neville be bring earlier . candle gutter , focus go to richie . matthias ( o.s. ) all right , Richard . why do you come back here ? richie be get a little control back , he be still terrify , but he belief in he mission have return . richie I come to help you . you know the man ... matthias ' voice be low , without inflection . matthias ( o.s. ) neville ... richie that 's he , yeah . listen , he 's get a serum for ... matthias ( o.s. ) for ...? camera move in forclose shot - richie richie ... for what 's wrong with you . if you could just talk to he , get with he ... then everybody could be matthias ( o.s. ) yes , everybody could be ..? richie swallow . he do not like to use the word . richie ... everybody could be ... normal again . transition to mo . long shot - richies Pov matthias behind table , a candle to one side of he . he wear he glass . matthias we could be as we be before ? richie ( o.s. ) yes . I guess so . the way we be ... his voice trail off . from this point on , with each successive speech , matthias get closer , loom larger . angle of shot become slightly up . matthias walk around table . camera hold on he . matthias ( wearily ) the way we be ... be that what neville think we want ? it that why he send you ...? richie no , listen : he do not send I ... matthias remove he glass as he approach richie . matthias ( loader , irrationally ) oh , yes . he do send you , one way or the other , you come back to offer we something from he world , to change we back , cripple we , destroy we dedication to what must be do . richie ( o.s. ) I be almost like you , but he save I ... bring I back . he want as all to go away from here ... matthias he damned you . do not you see ? if ' you have come over , if you have the mark , I would not have to do ... this ! matthias loon huge , terrifying . his hand be below frame but as he speech conclude , he move he arm , shoulder brutally . very close reverse shot - richie his eye stare , he mouth be open . he stand for a moment , strangling . blood rush out of he mouth and he fall . camera follows he down , focus on he dead face . matthias ( o.s. ) prepare the family . tonight I think neville might come out . mo . shot - neville in corridor at first we see the beam of he flashlight as he move into shot . he be look for the courtroom he remember . neville so many damn room ... it could take all day ... he glance at he watch , move on . camera turn , show he move away , beginning to trot . close shot - matthias in courtroom talk as shot open . camera move out quickly to long shot revealing family gather in they rag with spear , knife , etc . matthias ... so the time have come . tonight we must bring he down . if he leave , one day he will come back and destroy we . tonight , tonight , tonight ... the family pick up matthias word like a chant " tonight , tonight . " mo . long shot - lisa it be dark now . she be walk out of store , arm fill with bottle , package . she wear glass , scarf . we do not see she face . camera move in toward she slowly . o.s. we hear the family move down the street close by . Lisa stop , freeze , turn toward SOUND . long shot - the family lisa Pov they be march down the street half a block away , perpendicular to the street upon which Lisa stand . mo . close - lisa - back view we see lisaq back as she watch family march past in b.g . they carry candle , chant . family ... outside the family , there be nothing at all ... as we watch , Lisa stand freeze . then she let she package slowly slip from she arm . very close shot - bottle of wine slipping from lisa hand the bottle fall to the pavement , break . the red wine soak the sidewalk . mo . close - lisa this be still a back shot . she slowly reach up , pull off she scarf , toss away she sunglass . as she hair be reveal we see it be now almost pure silver ( not white , silver ) . she begin walk toward the street where the family march . it be dusk now , almost dark . camera hold as Lisa get smaller , walk into distance , mo . shot - door in corridor neville move into frame approach the door slowly , carefully . he stand next to door , out of the way , open it with he fingertip when it be loose , he kick it open quickly . Inside it be pitch black . neville stand in corridor , next to door , back against the wall . he can not see inside . close - neville he be sweat now . in the darkness he cannot handle himself as well as in the light . he swing he penlight inside , look around quickly . he see nothing but the table and a few smoking candle stab on it . he hear a sound , a scuttling , as if someone be tip toe from one place to another . neville pall a concussion grenade out of he satchel , pull the pin with he tooth , hold it in he leave hand . he turn , toss the grenade into the room and cover he ear . the explosion be deafen , sounding down the corridor . sequence of flash cut : this be very brief - darkened hallway and corridor as the booming SOUND of the explosion move along they . mo . close - neville from Inside room where grenade have go off . in the dim light , bluish smoke drift . we see neville at edge of door . neville well , matthias do not you have anything to say ? there be silence . neville wait , then dive into room flashlight hold out to one side , stun gun ready . he lie on he belly scan room . it seem empty . neville preach to I , brother ... close - neville on floor he lie look from side to side . it be still silent . then he flashlight stop . long shot - up angle - judge bench and seat camera zoom in on richie dead in judge seat . we see ritchieus head throw back , blood still ooze from he mouth , eye open . close shot neville reaction his expression be hard , bat it be obvious that the boy death have move he . neville what a waste , richie , what a stupid waste . he turn and walk slowly back toward corridor . camera reverse to down angle shot , from behind the bench , center on neville , across ritchieus body . mo . long shot - foyer of court build neville walk into shot , downcast . he look up . long shot - ext . court build it be night . neville frown . neville ( o.s. ) , Lisa ... I ’ve get to get back ... mo . long shot - neville running down stair to car he run , jump into car , race away , headlight on . close shot - car headlight mo . shot - STREET - neville's point of view we see empty STREET ahead . then , on one side , a dark figure avoid neville’s headlight , throw something . move to close shot of windshield , as brick hit , shatter it . mo . shot - car flashing through street mo . shot - STREET - neville's Pov as he round corner , we see dark form push a car out to block he . they scatter as neville approach . close - neville in car he twist wheel to avoid collision . mo . shot - neville's car he manage to avoid the car matthias ' creature have push in front of he , but he sideswipe car at curb , go out of control , crash into storefront . mo . shot - int . wrecked store - down angle neville 's car amidst dust , smoke , debris inside wreck toy store . shot be past huge head of mickey mouse . store be full of figure of clown , animal , bizarre toy . mo . close - manikin another huge toy smashed by neville 's car . neville rise into frame , stun gun ready , small cut on head . he rub away blood , squint outside . camea hold as he step over debris into STREET . sequence of shot - neville running we see he in close shot , mo . shot , down and up angle , run through silent empty street . mo . shot - neville pausing to rest he stand against the side of a building , breathe deeply . he be weaken by the loss of blood in make serum . then a spear or arrow strike the brick next to he . he whirl , shoot . reverse shot - creature falling this shot be from beyond the creature who have try to kill neville . neville be in far b.g. , stun gun aim at the creature . the creature lie on the pavement , bleed , twitching . camera hold as neville begin run again , this time directly toward camera , run over the body of the thing he have kill . long down shot - neville running we see he run from vantage point above the street . he be about a half - block from the apartment . we see he apt . from this vantage point also . we see several of the family in the street run toward neville . he fire , still run . cut they down . mo . wide - angle shot - plaza - neville's Pov he stand before the apt . the fountain be run , floodlight on . he be dog-tire , but relieved . he smile and walk carefully into plaza , glance at the shrub and shadow . sequence of shot - neville walking across plaza we see fleetingly the profile of one of matthias creature in the shadow , thus suggest that there be many watch he progress . he stop in front of garage , press button on he remote control . mo . shot - neville walking into elevator close shot - neville in elevator exhaust downhearted from ritchieus foolish death . his eye be close . mo . shot - elevator door shot be across int. of apt . it be dark . one candle be light on chess table . this candle be in leave f.g. , very close focus on candle as shot open . as elevator door open , focus shift to door . neville step out . camera close to close shot . he frown . why be the apartment dark , bath by glow of floodlight and a single candle ? neville Lisa ... Lisa ... lisaq voice be strange and distant , and odd quality in it as if it be be hear through water . lisa ( o.s. ) yes ... Robert ... neville relax , put down he gun . he walk a step or two toward the SOUND of she voice - by the drapery , now pull to cover the balcony window . neville richie ... go to matthias ... he 's ... mo . shot - silhouette of lisa - neville's Pov we see she stand , three - quarter - rear view . she be illuminate by very weak , bluish light of outside flood come through drapery . her voice still have that peculiar mechanical SOUND . lisa yes , Robert ... i...know ... neville ( o.s. ) , you know ?... how ...? camera .move in for extreme close shot on lisa . as camera close , she turn so that she face be now illuminate by the - candle . when shot complete , Lisa stand reveal . her hair be white , face deadly pale , eye completely blank . as she turn , she speak . when she turn be complete , so be the speech . lisa matthias tell I . it be ... necessary . zoom shot - neville lisa Pov neville 's reaction to lisaq change . wide angle shot - lisa and family shot be from behind neville so that he back be the central point in frame . Lisa move closer to circle of light from candle , and from all side , so do member of the family . matthias stand next to Lisa . matthias ( mock tone ) come in , neville ... ( laugh ) that sound strange , do n’t it ? come in , neville . he laugh . other grab neville . mo . shot - neville he be drag to chair at chess table . matthias ( o.s. ) I think we might arrange a little entertainment before time for ... conclude we business . all right , brother sequence of scene - destruction of apartment the family , free at last to revenge itself , destroy neville 's treasure , shot of book tear down , rip apart , painting slashed , sculpture smashsd , furniture broken , wine - cabinet smashed -- he scientific equipment , he cabinet of food , he arsenal be wrecked and destroyed . it be as if the remote past have come forth to revenge itself on civilization . at the end of the sequence , se see some of the family set FIRE to the drapery , the book , the kindling leave of furniture . one of the creature begin to smash the lense of the balcony floodlight . during this sequence , matthias voice come over matthias ( o.s. ) we wait for you , neville . so you could see this the end of everything you’ve do . you see ? none of it be real . it be a dream . you art , you science it be all a nightmare . and now its do . it 's finish . the shot survey ruin apartment , burn book , slashed painting , wreck scientific equipment -- the bust of caesar smashed , deserve a close shot . close neville face - reaction shot across chess . piece he have lose , in the space of a few hour , a surrogate son , a woman , and all the treasure he so painstakingly save from the wreak of this civilization . everything except the blood with which to make more serum . mo . close shot - matthias - profile shot watch the conclusion of the destruction , smile . Lisa stand in b.g. , listless , pay no attention . he speak to the family . matthias Brothers and sister , we task be nearly complete he be the last of that who bring the punishment to we . we have cleanse , roll away he World . we go back now to a good time . we will build ... close - neville cut in loudly . neville coffins matthias . build coffin . that 's all you be go to need close - matthias pause , stung . matthias bring Mr. neville along . mo . close - neville as the creature start to walk toward elevator , he break free , dive away from they into what be leave of he arsenal section of apartment . he club first creature with the butt of a break rifle , throw it at the next . he grab up a pistol , fire point blank at two more . matthias come at he , a knife raise . the pistol be empty . neville dodge matthias , skirt toward center of room . matthias follow . neville reach down , lift the head of the break bust of caesar , throw it at matthias , knock he down and out . neville Lisa ... he grab she be . she do not respond . he pull she along he open the refrigerator take out the pint bottle of blood and stuff it into he coverall . Lisa neither resist , or help . neville grab up the break rifle . med.shot - int . - garage neville S point of view Lisa try to speak in she peculiar new voice . lisa Robert ... neville shhh camera pull back to reveal neville and Lisa in f.g. in darkness of garage . in b.g. we see , up the ramp , brightly - light plaza area . neville hold break rifle , be study the situation . he look at he watch , neville half a hour till sunup . we will have to try it . close shot - neville behind he , he hear the elevator start - up again . neville Hell , I should have wreck it . lisa ( o.s. ) Robert ... close two shot - neville and lisa in the b.g. , beyond the light of the plaza , we see the sky be beginning to lighten . it be dawn , in the distance the silence be break by the faint sound of a track motor come through the street . neville make sure the blood be secure , prepare himself to run . as he bolt forward , he pull Lisa along with he . neville now , Lisa , now ! mo . long shot - ext . plaza - lisa and neville running as neville and Lisa come up out of the garage we see the family beginning to drift away at the edge of the floodlight as the first sign of dawn begin to show . sound of truck , previously very faint almost sub aural , now become a little louder . neville be obviously pull Lisa , while she do not resist he , do not cooperate . they slow down in middle of the Plaza , near the fountain , await truck . matthias ( o.s. ) Lisa . his voice be soft , almost caress . it be the same voice in which he address richie before stabbing he . mo . close shot - lisa and neville they look back and up -- toward balcony of neville 's apartment . very close shot lisa she recognize matthias voice . her face , expressionless , rapt , gaze upward , see he . we hear sound of truck in distance . close shot - neville he stare up , try to spot matthias . his hand work bolt of break rifle . revrse up angle shot - matthias on balcony - neville's Pov this be a slow zoom shot . matthias stand on balcony in area between floodlight break out earlier as family member wrecked apartment . he lean over balcony outline against lurid red glow of fire in apartment behind . matthias Lisa ... reverse down angle shot - lisa below again , slow zoom to Lisa who stand look up , shaking off neville’s hand . mo . shot - neville he stand before fountain hand outstretch to Lisa . neville Lisa ... close shot - lisa her head turn from side to side as the voice call to she . closeup shot - neville neville Lisa , for god sake , come on mo . shot - lisa she shake she head , look at neville and turn to look once more up at matthias . mo . shot - up angle - matthias matthias look about , discover the zulu spear , cast aside on balcony by Zachary earlier . he pick it up , raise it above he head , he face twisted with hatred . close shot - matthias from behind this be down angle shot from behind matthias with Lisa , neville below . matthias , in f.g. throw spear with all he strength . close shot - spear into camera close shot - neville the spear strike he in chest . he fall backward into fountain , the bottle of plasma fall from he coverall . close shot - top of fountain we see matthias across jet of water at top of fountain . as matthias speak , the water at top of jet turn red , matthias the bad dream be over , neville . now we can sleep in peace . mo . close - neville he have fall against pillar in center of fountain , bleed profusely , but still alive . then he hear a voice o.s . lisa ( o.s. ) Robert ... Robert ... neville Lisa , where be you ? her voice be odd , quaky . it be not the voice we know . she lurk at the edge of the frame . lisa I come to matthias , he know ... mo . long shot - lisa in shadow the SUN be now beginning to come onto plazai Lisa must retreat as it gradually narrow the area of the plaza still in shadow . lisa to see that you be ... neville yes ? lisa evil , that brother matthias be right ... neville I ... love you . lisa I have to be part of something else the family , I have to have ... close - neville his head be back as the sun strike the fountain . his eye be open . when the sun reach he face , he eye do not blink . he be dead still , we hear lisaq voice go on and on . lisa ( o.s. ) have to have the family , Robert , do you understand ? you understand , do not you , Robert ? we hear SOUND of generator , which have be in b.g. all during this sequence . it cough , cut out , come . back on . long shot - down angle - plaza with fountain centered neville be motionless in center . Lisa flit along the edge of the recede shadow as the sun eat away the area . she retreat back toward the smoking building . lisa ( o.s. ) the family be everything , Robert ... I come back to the ... family ... her voice get more and more distant as it fade completely . close shot - top of fountain again we hear generator CUT outo cough , come on , and stop . Water in fountain match this rhythm , stop at last , light go out . camera move in slowly on neville - hold in SOUND track we hear loudly the SOUND of the motor . it become quite loud . while camera drift around fomutain slowly . we hear sound of people get out of the truck . we hear voice . camera complete its circuit of fountain . in b.g. beyond fountain and neville’s body , we see the young people he have freed . they wear protective clothing , sunglass . they see he , walk slowly toward the fountain . mo . shot - young people in group they stand in mourn around he . then dutch step forward , see something in fountain . close shot - hand reaching into fountain dutch reach down into the red water of the fountain , lift from it the bottle of blood , hold it up so that the sun stand just behind it . mo . shot - group of youngster they look at the bottle . close - dutch he be obviously the leader now . he turn to the other . slow zoom shot - lisa she sit huddle in the shadow next to the garage somewhere at the edge of the plaza . she look helpless and very old . Broken . she try to cover she eye and face . group shot dutch in b.g. neville body in f.g. neville’s body be out of focus . dutch it 's Lisa ! go get she ! several of the youngster go to she while the test move to the silent fountain and untie neville’s body . camera move to shoot over shoulder - shoulder . close shot - dutch we see in dutch 's face the same confidence and determination we know in neville . he watch impassively as they take neville’s body to the shadow area and arrange it . camera begins slow rising shot dutch in f.g . one of the youngster have drive the old truck up into the plaza . Lisa kneel beside neville’s body , touch he face , arrange he hand , mumble confusedly , recalling the tomb scene of mother with stillborn baby . neville’s body be carefully wrap in a blanket . Lisa cry out . dutch all right , let move . we ’ve get a long way to go . camera rise to long shot down angle of plaza as neville and Lisa be put in back of truck with youngster all - around they . dutch take one final look around , climb in truck . camera now cover entire plaza area . truck start , pull away . Plaza be now empty . we hear truck motor fading in distance . hold shot . then title appear on screen : I am legend fade out . the end