" the day the earth stood still " by Edmund H. North revise final draft February 21 , 1951 ext . beach - pacific island - mo . shot - day background by palm tree and roll surf , a american army radar operator sit at he huge instrument , intently tracking a target . without interrupt this , he speak with tense excitement into a telephone transmitter strapped to he chest . ( it be 8:00 a.m . ) ( in this and the subsequent scene , music and cut build to a exciting crescendo ) . ext . field - hong kong - mo . shot - day a group of british soldier , in short and tropical gear , be gather tensely around a piece of radar equipment , which be tracking a target . the radar operator say something to another soldier , who turn and speak excitedly into a field telephone . ( it be 5:00 a.m . ) int . indian radio station - night the microphone bear the word calcutta . a indian announcer , he expression one of excitement and terror , jabber into the mike in a native tongue . a clock on the wall indicate that it be 2:26 ext . russian bomber in flight - ( stock ) - night the plane be identify by a red star on the fuselage . int . russian bomber - night the radioman be tracking a object on he radar scope . he point it out excitedly to the pilot . the pilot adjust he microphone and start make a report back to he base in Russian . ext . french village - STREET corner - mo . close shot - night a group of french farmer be collect around a radio , listen wide - eye to the key - up voice which be tell they , in french , of a strange object that have be see in the sky . they exchange uneasy glance . one old man cross himself . split screen shot right section of screen show int . american radio station - day a breathless american radio reporter be speak into he mike , but we can not hear what he 's say . on the wall behind he be a clock which read 3:32 . left section of screen show int . british radio station - night a clock show the time to be 8:32 . the british announcer try to maintain he traditional BBC calm , but find it almost impossible to control he excitement . british announcer report be come in from all over the Empire -- from all over the world . the government have not yet issue a statement , but there seem to be no question that there actually be a large , unidentified object circle the earth at incredible speed . this announcer keep talk , but he voice fade out , and now we hear the word the american announcer be say ... american announcer ( staccato with excitement ) we still do not know what it be or where it 's from - but we do know there 's something there . it 's be track around the world by radar travel at a rate of four thousand mile a hour . int . new york taxi - driver and fare '' day the driver and he fare be listen intently to the radio , as we hear the voice of another radio reporter . 2 nd radio reporter ( voice off scene ) this be not another " fly saucer " scare . scientist and military man have already agree on that . whatever this be -- it 's something real . ext . suburban gas station the attendant , who be fill a car with gas , lean around to hear the car 's radio , oblivious to the fact that the car 's tank be overflow . 3rd radio reporter ( voice off scene ) we interrupt this program to give you a bulletin just receive from one of we naval unit at sea . " a large object , travel at supersonic speed , be head over the North Atlantic toward the east coast of the United States . " Music build to a climax and end . int . WASHINGTON radio station 4 th radio reporter ( with deliberately control calm ) here in the nation 's capital , there be anxiety and concern , but no outward sign of panic . as a matter of fact , there be sign of normalcy that seem strangely out of place ; the beautiful spring weather , the tourist crowd at the various monument and public building ... ext . lincoln memorial - long shot ( stock ) a small crowd of tourist be climb the step to the column entrance . ext . WASHINGTON monument - long shot ( stock ) under this shot a barely audible , distant hum be hear . it grow in volume so imperceptibly in this and the next two shot that we be unconscious of it . ext . jefferson memorial - long shot ( stock ) ext . the mall - long shot crowd be strolling on the mall and across the well - keep lawn in front of the smithsonian institution with the leisurely , meander quality that distinguish sight - seer . mo . shot include several small group of people move toward the smithsonian . they attention be attract as the hum off scene become a roar . the sound be unearthly in its intensity and almost unbearable in its swiftly increase volume . the people stop in they track and look up in the sky in terror . mo . close shot several people on the step of the smithsonian have turn to look . there be cold , freeze fear in they eye . the awful sound keep increase in volume . close shot a man , follow the progress of a huge object in the sky with he eye . he be hold terror-stricken . long shot into sky ( sersen shot ) a giant shape , still at some distance , be approach the earth at incredible speed . long shot on ground a group of people run wildly across a large expanse of lawn . a huge shadow cast from above onto the grass seem to be pursing they . long shot into sky ( sersen shot ) the great shape be considerably nearer now . close shot of a woman , thoroughly shake , hold immobile by what she see and hear . long shot people scatter madly in all direction as the huge spaceship come in for a landing on a smooth , grassy area . the tremendous roar of its motor be suddenly cut off and the great ship settles gently to a perfect landing . mo . shot - the ship the gleam surface of the ship show no break of any kind -- no window , no port , not even the outline of a hatch . it be a fearsome , terrifying object , give no evidence of its source or its intention . long shot - ( from parallel ) shoot down on a section of lawn , show the vary reaction of people to the landing . some be still run madly away ; other , singly and in little group , stand as though roote , stare at the ship from a respectful distance . close shot - man as he stare at the ship with fascination and horror . he would like to run but he can not . his mouth twitches and he emit a nervous little laugh . mo . close shot a woman be hold a two - year - old child by the hand as she watch the ship , awe -struck . several people run past they . suddenly the woman grab up the child with a little sob , turn and run away . mo . shot a middle - age man run up to a group of several people , point wildly toward the ship and yell irrationally : man they be here ! they be here ! he run off toward another group as we -- dissolve to : montage a series of short dissolves show : 1 . a man dash up to a crowded Washington street corner shouting wildly and gesticulate in the direction from which he come . 2 . policeman pile into squad car , which roar out of they garage . 3 . Soldiers rush out of a barrack at Fort myer , with rifle and side arm , to form up on they company street . 4 . newspaper press roll at high speed . 5 . newscaster chatter excitedly into they microphone . 6 . a large telephone switchboard with the girl in a frenzy of activity as they try to handle the call pour in . dissolve to : ext . baseball stadium - long shot the player be stand on the field in the crowded stadium , but the game have be interrupt and everyone be listen to the voice on the loudspeaker system . ( actual stock shot would be coverage of some dedication or ceremonial . ) dissolve to : int . pentagon office - close shot a brigadier General speak in clipped tone into the telephone . there be a couple of other officer in the room . brigadier general ( into phone ) get I the Chief of staff . dissolve to : int . U.S. senate or house of representatives ( stock ) a shot , if one be available , of either House listen raptly as a announcement of great import be read by the chair . dissolve to : int . office - close shot a distinguished - look government official speak into the phone with a sense of subdued urgency . governmental official I want to speak to the President . ( listen for a moment ) I be sorry -- you will have to interrupt he . dissolve to : int . radio and television studio - mo . shot a nationally know news commentator -- for purpose of this script let 's say Drew pearson -- be seat before a radio mike . he be also be photograph by tv camera . in a wall near he be a tv screen which show what be go out on the air . during the ensue speech , a man come in a hand he a sheaf of news bulletin . pearson good afternoon , lady and gentleman , this be Drew pearson . we bring you this special radio-television broadcast to give you the latest information on the landing of the " space ship " in Washington . close shot - pearson pearson government and Defense Department official be concerned by report of panic in several large Eastern city . I be authorize to assure you that so far there be no reasonable cause for alarm . the rumor of invade army and mass destruction be base on hysteria and be absolutely false . I repeat -- this rumor be absolutely false ! another angle pearson the ship , design for travel outside the earth 's atmosphere , land in Washington today at 3:47 p.m. , Eastern Standard time . we still do not know where it come from , but I can reveal that military leader be consider two possibility ; that it come from some unfriendly power here on earth -- or that it actually arrive from another planet . camera pan to and dolly in on the tv screen in the wall . on the screen be a shot of the space ship . pearson' voice ( over scene ) the ship be rest exactly where it land two hour ago , and there have be no sign of life from inside it . our cameral hold on the tv screen . the cut that follow be inside the frame of the screen : ext . the mall - mo . shot two platoon of infantry soldier surround the ship , they rifle at the ready . pearson' voice ( over scene ) troops have be rush from Fort myer and they have form a cordon around the ship . mo . shot show two machine gun , two sherman tank and two 75 mm gun . the gun crew be post for action and all weapon be train on the space ship . pearson' voice ( over scene ) they be support by machine gun , tank and artillery . mo . shot - police cordon cop be hold back a section of a large crowd , some distance away from the ship . the people be wide - eye and tense with excitement . pearson' voice ( over scene ) behind police line , there be a large crowd of curiosity seeker . series of individual cut 1 . civilian in the crowd , they eye and nerve taut with suspense . 2 . a young soldier , who grip he rifle and moisten he lip nervously , he eye never leave the ship . 3 . a tank commander blink from the tension of stare at a unmove object . 4 . the last cut be of the ship itself . pearson' voice ( over scene ) as you can see for yourself , the Army have take every precaution to meet whatever the situation may require . every eye -- every weapon -- be train on the ship . it 's be this way for two hour and the tension -- close shot - pearson as he interrupt himself excitedly , he attention rivete on the tv screen . pearson just a minute , lady and gentleman ! I think I see something move ! ext . the mall - mo . long shot - day we be at the actual location now , not look at tv . we see the ship surround by soldier , two medium tank , two artillery piece , and a couple of machine gun . some distance away be a suggestion of the crowd of civilian , hold back by police . prominent in the scene be newsreel and television camera . our camera move in to mo . shot . as it do so , we see a couple of metal object rise slowly from the top of the ship . one , which be a oddly - design coil of wire , slide up and revolve slowly . the other be a section of vent pipe with a convex cap on it . reverse angle on the soldier , they eye glue to this first sign of activity from the ship . they shift uneasily , grip they rifle more firmly . mo . shot - the ship after a long , tense moment , a ramp appear silently out of the side of the ship and slide down to the ground . there be a audible gasp as a man appear at the top of the ramp . he look around at the crowd with cool and imperturbable dignity . this be klaatu . he be completely human in appearance . the only unearthly thing about he be he clothing . he wear a tunic that be very good look , but at the same time thoroughly comfortable and practical . on he head be a metal helmet that obscure most of he face . ( it would be impossible to identify he later . ) the design of this helmet give the impression that it be more a formal headdress than for protection . klaatu be above all a impressive man -- a man of tremendous dignity and presence . he have the tolerant superiority that come with absolute knowledge . individual reaction cut of soldier , people in the crowd , and policeman . the newsreel and tv man be busy at they camera . mo . close shot - klaatu after a impressive moment , he raise he arm in the universal gesture of neutrality . then he speak , in perfect English , he voice amplify as though through a enunciator . klaatu we have come to visit you in peace -- and with good will . klaatu walk slowly down the ramp toward the soldier . as he do so , he draw from inside he tunic a strange look object , longish and tubular . it might be a a telescope -- or it might be some strange kind of weapon . mo . shot shoot from the side , show klaatu advance slowly toward the line of soldier . he hold out the mysterious object in front of he in a gesture that be actually one of offer but could be misinterpreted as menace . there be a grow , uneasy rumble of mutter among the soldier as klaatu advance . they be clearly frighten of what he may do . close shot - platoon leader a young second lieutenant , stand in front of he platoon . as klaatu advance , the lieutenant unsling he carbine . mo . shot klaatu start toward the platoon leader , raise the object he hold toward the man , try to make clear he intention . misinterprete this as a menace gesture , the platoon leader raise he carbine to he shoulder . mo . close shot of one of the tank commander in the turret of he tank . he be watch klaatu advance toward the platoon leader and he have draw he pistol . convince that the lieutenant be in jeopardy , the tank commander aim at klaatu and fire . mo . shot as klaatu fall to the ground wounded . the object he be hold have drop from he hand and smashed . the soldier start to gather around klaatu excitedly when suddenly there appear in the entrance to the space ship a huge robot . there be a gasp of amazement from the crowd and the solder draw back at sight of he . the robot be ten foot tall , be make in the almost - perfect image of a man . he be to be play by a actor and he flesh appear to be make of a greenish metal . his eye flash as though light internally . his perfectly - fashioned , muscular body be cover only with a loincloth . this be gort . there be cry of amazement as gort walk slowly ponderously , down the ramp to the ground . as he do so , the ramp close behind he . gort 's face be , and always remain , utterly expressionless . he stop to look at klaatu , lie on the ground . then he look around at the soldier , the tank and gun . all the gun have be traversing to follow he . close shot - gort from inside he there come a ominous crackle sound , as though power be be generate within he . his eye flash toward the tank from which klaatu be shot . mo . close shot - tank there be a great metallic clatter and the sherman tank be suddenly reduce to a pile of junk metal , its part completely disintegrated . only a piece of tank track and twisted gun barrel emerge from the heap on the ground to identify what have be there . the tank 's crew have remain unharme . close shot - gort the crackle sound continue as he eye start to sweep in a semicircle take in all the troops . mo . shot - the troops shoot from behind gort , with the back of he head in f.g. , camera pan to follow gort 's sweeping gaze . in a grow crash and clatter of metal , every weapon in sight be destroy . the two machine gun be little heaps of junk . the 75 's be larger heaps . the second tank , like the first , be a three - foot pile of scrap . rifles have drop from the soldier 's hand and lie on the ground as little mound of wood and metal . none of the man have be harme , but they face show the utter terror of what they have experience . another angle - the troops as they react to the full shock of what have happen . most of they stand roote to the ground . several laugh hysterically . a few break and run wildly . mo . shot - crowd of civilian sudden pandemonium break out . utterly terrify by what they have witness , the crowd become a wild , milling , scream mob , concerned only with escape . mo . close shot - gort he be walk slowly , deliberately , menacingly toward the tank commander who fire on klaatu . stand by the debris of he tank , the man be immobilize with terror . the robot start to reach out to grab he . close shot - klaatu lie on the ground . he speak to gort sharply , in a strange language . klaatu gort ! deglet ovrosco ! mo . close shot - gort he pause obediently in the act of reach out for the tank commander . drop he arm , he stand motionless and remain that way . mo . close shot - klaatu he have raise himself to a sit position on the ground , he wounded shoulder give he considerable pain . the two platoon leader come into scene hesitantly , badly shake by the awesome demonstration of power they have see . they be uncertain as to what they should do . the platoon leader eye the smashed object on the ground curiously and turn questioningly to klaatu . with great dignity , klaatu pick up the break object , which we see well for the first time . it be a delicately - make tubular telescope , badly smashed . on it be indication of small electronic gadget . klaatu it be a gift . for you President . ( glance at the break object ruefully ) with this he could have study life on other planet . klaatu let the object drop with a shrug of mild exasperation . the two lieutenant exchange a helpless look of bewilderment . then klaatu raise himself to he foot painfully , hold he wounded shoulder . as he do so , a colonel and a captain come into scene . colonel ( to the lieutenant ) be he all right ? first platoon leader get hit in the shoulder , sir . the three junior officer exchange ineffectual glance and look to the colonel , who think for a moment before make he decision . colonel send for a ambulance . get he to walter reed Hospital right away . captain yes , sir . dissolve to : int . sitting room - walter reed hospital - night there be a door to the corridor and a door to klaatu 's room . in the small sit room , talk in tone of hushed concern , be a group of man . there 's a Major General , a likable man with a chest full of ribbon . there be also a Colonel in command of the hospital , a high -ranking police officer , a couple of medical officer and two civilian . the conversation be interrupt by the entrance from klaatu 's room of a Medical Corps Major , follow by a Army nurse . general ( to Major ) how be he ? major white he 's all right , General ... blood pressure 's a little high , but it could be aggravation . general ( wryly ) can not blame he . I always get mad when somebody shoot I . major white he still want to see the President . colonel ( to General ) we inform the White House over a hour ago . general ( to Major ) do not drop any hint about where he 's from , do he ? major white no , sir , he do not . the door to the corridor open and a worried young Captain enter . captain Excuse I . ( to the Colonel ) what about the reporter , Colonel ? they be swarm all over the lobby . the Colonel turn , in deference , to the General . general ( quietly ) tell they there will not be any statement tonight . captain yes , sir . ( glance down the corridor ) Mr. harley 's here from the White House . harley appear in the doorway , a brief case under he arm . he 's a dignify , intelligent member of the White House secretariat . he proceed uninterruptedly into the room , nodd cordially to the General . harley General -- general ( indicate klaatu 's room ) right in there , Mr. harley . harley proceed in businesslike fashion to the door . he knock and then enter . int . hospital room - full shot as harley enter , close the door behind he . klaatu no longer wear he helmet and we see he face clearly for the first time . even sit up in bed , with he shoulder strapped in bandage , he be a figure of great authority . his face reflect inner dignity and assurance . harley , who be a harden diplomatist , can not help be impressed by he present assignment and a little awed by klaatu . harley obviously have be send by the President to find out what he can . klaatu 's eye study he , cool , penetrate , reserve . harley my name be harley -- Secretary to the President ( klaatu continue to study he silently ) I have be tell that you speak we language -- that you name be Mr. klaatu . klaatu ( coolly ) just klaatu . harley the President ask I to convey he deep apology for what have happen . we all feel -- klaatu ( evenly ) sit down , Mr. harley . somewhat relieved , harley seat himself . he speak with a half smile , hope to ease the tension . harley I be sure I do not have to point out that you arrival be something of a surprise . ( get a little smile from klaatu , he be encourage to do some fishing ) have you be travel long ? klaatu about five month -- you month . harley you must have come a long way . klaatu about 250 million of you mile . harley glance at he quickly to be sure he 's not joke . he 's not . harley naturally we be very curious to know where it be you come from . klaatu ( easily ; he 's a diplomat , too ) from another planet . let 's just say that we be neighbor . harley react , as he wildest assumption be so blandly corroborate . harley it 's rather difficult for we to think of another planet as a neighbor . klaatu I be afraid , in the present situation you will have to learn to think that way . harley ( eyebrow raise ) the present situation ? klaatu I mean the reason for my come here . harley ( he eagerness apparent ) we be very curious about that , too . would you care to talk about it ? klaatu I would be glad to . ( notice that harley be settling himself expectantly ) not now , of course -- with you alone . harley perhaps you would rather discuss it personally with the President -- klaatu ( somewhat sharply ) this be not a personal matter , Mr. harley . it concern all the people on you planet . harley ( startle by the scope of this statement ) I -- I be not sure I understand -- klaatu I want to meet with representative from all the nation of the Earth . harley ( shocked and perturb by this notion ) I be afraid that would be a little awkward . it 's -- it 's completely without precedent . and there be practical consideration -- the time involved -- the enormous distance . klaatu ( coolly ) I travel 250 million mile . what about you United Nations ? harley ( surprise and a little puzzle ) you know about the United Nations ? klaatu we have be monitoring you radio broadcast for a good many year . that 's how we learn you language . lately , we have be get you television also . harley ( wryly ) you must have a rather strange impression of we . klaatu ( smile ) the first two year of television we be convinced that all you do be wrestle . harley smile . then he mind revert to the seriousness of the situation and he speak gravely . harley I be sure you recognize from we broad - cast the evil force that have produce the tension in we world . surely you would agree -- klaatu ( evenly ) I be not concerned , Mr. harley , with the internal affair of you planet . I consider that to be you business -- not mine . harley I be only hope to make you understand . klaatu ( sternly , impressively ) my mission here be not to solve you petty squabble . it concern the existence of every last creature who life on Earth . harley ( uncomfortably ) perhaps if you could explain a little -- klaatu I intend to explain . to all the nation -- simultaneously . ( he manner preclude opposition ) how do we proceed , Mr. harley ? harley be thoroughly shake . the tremendous force and power implicit in klaatus 's manner preclude the possibility of argument . harley ( after a long thoughtful moment ) we could call a special meeting of the General Assembly ... but of course the UN do not represent all of the nation . klaatu then why not a meeting of all the Chiefs of State ? harley ( helplessly , but patiently ) believe I , you do not understand . they would not sit down at the same table . grow a little impatient with such nonsense , klaatu eye he evenly , speak with jovian authority . klaatu I do not want to resort to threat , Mr. harley . I simply tell you bluntly that the future of you planet be at stake ... I suggest you transmit that message to the nation of the Earth . the eye of the two man meet for a long , silent moment . then harley rise quietly . harley I will make that recommendation to the President . ( he pick up he brief case and hat ) I must tell you in all honesty that I be extremely dubious about the result . klaatu ( with a half - smile ) apparently I be not as cynical about Earth 's people as you be . harley I have be deal in Earth 's politics a good deal longer than you have . ( he bow ) goodnight , sir . he turn and go out . close shot - klaatu he stare after harley for a moment , puzzle by this strange and apparently unreason world he have come to . he shake he head in thoughtful , tolerant bewilderment . dissolve to : ext . space ship - long shot - night searchlight have light up up the eerie shape of the space ship and gort . a circle of soldier guard the area , while a crew of man can be see work around the ship . mo . close shot - at ship a master sergeant of Engineers , dress in fatigue , be inspect the side of the ship carefully . he have a acetylene torch in he have and a welding helmet over he face . the Major General , previously see in the hospital sit room , enter and speak to the sergeant . general get any place , sergeant ? sergeant ( raise he helmet ) no , sir . ( shaking he head in annoyance ) beat I , General . I see that ramp come out of the side of the ship -- right here . now I can not even find a crack ! a man name carlson , a civilian metallurgical expert , come into scene . the General nod to he . general what 's the report , carlson ? carlson ( discourage ) we have try everything from a blowtorch to a diamond drill . general ( nodd toward gort ) what about he ? carlson he 's make out of the same stuff . three shot '' general , carlson and sergeant general have he move ? sergeant no sir . not a inch carlson this be the toughest material I ever see , General . for hardness and strength , it 's out of this world . general ( with a wry half - smile ) I can tell you officially -' that 's where it come from . the two man exchange a uneasy glance , then turn to look at the ship . dissolve to : int . sitting room '' walter reed hospital two Medical Corps officer , a Captain and a Major be interestedly study a series of X - ray film . major the skeletal structure be completely normal . ( point ) same for the major organ -' heart , liver , spleen , kidney . captain and the lung be the same as ours . must mean a similar atmosphere -- similar pressure . ( nodd , toward klaatu 's room ) how old do you think he be ? major oh , I would say forty - five . captain ( smile ) he tell I this morning when I examine he . he 's seventy - eight . major I do not believe it . captain they life expectancy be a hundred and thirty . major how do he explain that ? captain he say they medicine be that much more advanced . ( the major stare at he blankly ) he be very nice about it . but he make I feel like a third - class witch doctor . the door to klaatu 's room open and Major White appear . he 's the man who attend klaatu the day before . he close the door behind he and stand motionless face the other two , he face wear a blank expression . major white I take a bullet out of that man' arm yesterday . first major what about it ? major white ( utterly bewilder ) I just examine the wound and it 's all heal . first major what do he say about it ? major white Said he put some salve on it -- some stuff he have with he . ( show they a small , odd - look tube in he hand ) captain what be you go to do with it ? major white take it downstairs and have it analyze . ( on he way to the door , shaking he head ) then I do not know whether I will just get drunk or give up the practice of medicine . as he start out the door to the corridor , he pass Mr. harley , who be on he way in , carry he ever- present brief case . harley be accompany by a enlist m.p. first major afternoon , Mr. harley . harley afternoon , gentleman . harley go to the door of klaatu 's room , a businesslike expression on he face . he knock on the door , then enter . the m.p. remain in the sit room . int . hospital room - full shot - day as harley enter . klaatu be up out of bed , walk around in a Medical Corps robe and pajamas . he appear to be completely recover . harley good afternoon . ( surprised not to find he in bed ) I be glad to see you up and around . klaatu thank you ... have you any news ? harley not very good news , I be afraid . ( dig into he briefcase for some papers ) the President accept you suggestion and cable the invitation for a meeting last night . ( grimly ) let I read you some of the reply . ( he select a cable and read ) " the Premier wish to inform the government of the United States that it will be impossible for he to attend the meeting suggest by the President unless the meeting be hold in Moscow . " ( with a grimly - point glance at klaatu , harley read another cable ) " the suggestion of the President regard the possibility of a meeting in Moscow would be unacceptable to her majesty 's government at the present time . representation could be send only if the meeting be hold in Washington . " ( he look up at klaatu and shrug ) well -- there you have it . harley extend a sheaf of cable for klaatu 's inspection , but he ignore they . klaatu have listen to this recital , first incredulously , then with mount indignation . conscious of he quiet , olympian wrath , harley continue uncomfortably . harley I try to make you understand . the suspicion -- the jealousy -- the mistrust -- ( uneasily , under klaatu 's level gaze ) surely you realize that my government have do everything in its power -- klaatu it 's not you government I be think about . it 's you world . harley now that you understand the situation more clearly , perhaps you would like to discuss the matter with the President klaatu ( sternly ) I will not speak to any one nation or group of nation . ( sharply , bitterly ) I do not intend to add my contribution to you childish jealousy and suspicion . harley we problem be very complex , Mr. klaatu . you must not judge we too harshly . klaatu I can judge only by what I see . harley you impatience be quite understandable . klaatu ( sharply ) I be impatient with stupidity . my people have learn to live without it . harley ( ruefully ) I be afraid my people have not . ( with real sincerity ) I be very sorry -- I wish it be otherwise . reluctantly harley have pick up he hat and brief case . he find klaatu stare out the window . close shot - klaatu as he look out the window thoughtfully . what he see have give he a idea . mo . shot - hospital ground shoot down , from klaatu 's viewpoint , at people strolling about the hospital grounds . most of they be civilian visitor , but there be a sprinkle of nurse and ambulatory patient . full shot - hospital room as klaatu turn back to harley , he speak thoughtfully , incisively . klaatu before make any decision , I think I should get out among you people -- become familiar with the basis for this strange , unreason attitude . harley under the circumstance I be afraid that will be impossible . harley have pause near the door , a little embarrassed by klaatu 's level gaze . harley I must ask that you do not attempt to leave the hospital . we military people have insisted on this . I be sure you will understand . with a polite nod , he go out . klaatu stare after he as he realize that he be in effect a prisoner . he shake he head slowly , thoughtfully . the way of this planet be strange indeed . int . sitting room - mo close shot - at door harley have pause to watch as the m.p. take out a key and insert it in the lock of klaatu 's door . int . hospital room - close shot - klaatu as he hear the click of the lock , he turn toward the door . realizing they have lock he in , he smile with tolerant amusement . dissolve to : int . hospital sitting room - mo close shot - night in the dim light of one lamp , the door to the corridor open and a nurse enter carry a tray of medication . she be accompany by the same m.p. as previously see . the nurse pause as the m.p. take out a key and insert it in the lock of klaatu 's door . to he surprise he find that the door be not lock . he exchange a glance with the nurse , then pull the door open and hurry inside . int . hospital room as the m.p. cross the unlight room toward the bed . the only light cone from the open door to the sit room . the m.p. 's eye go wide as he look at the bed . it be unmade and unoccupy . terrify , the m.p. turn to the nurse , who be stand in the doorway . m.p . he 's go ! the m.p. dash out of the room , through the doorway past the nurse . she turn to follow he as we -- dissolve to : montage - night a series of short dissolves , show : 1 . the m.p. excitedly report klaatu 's disappearance to the Officer of the Day . 2 . the hospital guard detail hurry out of the guardhouse to form up in front of the sergeant of the guard . 3 . a high -level military conference gather at a table , discuss the matter with great concern . 4 . a street corner newsstand , with people eagerly grab papers . the headline read : " man from mar " escape from army hospital ! 5 . Radio announcer chatter excitedly into they microphone 6 . a series of close - up of people listen to the radio . they face reveal they awestruck terror . 7 . a terrify mother drag she two child in from the street through the front door , slam the door and bolt it . dissolve to : ext . residential STREET - mo . close shot - night camera be on the back of a man dress in a business suit , who be walk along the sidewalk of a dimly light , almost desert , middle - class street . he carry a suitcase and he glance idly at the drab-look stone facade of the old two -story house . as he pass , from the open window of the house come the voice of radio announcer . we get a sentence or two from one house and then , as the man and we camera pass on , this voice fade and another be pick up . we get the impression that everyone be glue to he radio . radio voice ( over scene ) -- authority at walter reed Hospital refuse to comment on how he manage to escape , or what measure might be take to apprehend he . -- this fantastic description of the creature be denounce as rumor by police Chief walter baxter . he be not eight foot tall , as report -- nor do he have tentacles in place of arm -- -- there 's no deny that there be a monster at large -- that we be deal with force beyond we knowledge and power . the public be urge to take ordinary precaution and to remain calm , as we await further development -- -- three separate report of people who claim to have see the " space man " in the past hour . one from Des Moines , Iowa ; one from a village in northern Florida ; and one from Chicago . camera overtake the man as he pause under the light of a street lamp , and reveal that it be klaatu . he have stop to look at something out of scene . close shot from klaatu 's viewpoint , of a sign on one of the house , read : room for rent close shot - klaatu he seem to hesitate , debate a plan he have in mind . he raise he right arm to scratch he head thoughtfully , and notice for the first time a small tag , or ticket , attach to the inside of the right forearm of the coat he be wear . puzzle , he pull off the ticket and look at it . insert - ticket it be the sort of tag a clean establishment attaches to clothing . printed on it be the legend : capitol dry cleaning service . scrawle in a pencile hand be the notation : Dr. carpenter , bldg . a - walter reed Hospital . cl. &amp ; pr. $ 1 . close shot - klaatu he smile wryly at this reminder of where he get the suit , and he destroy the ticket . he glance down at the suitcase beside he . close shot - suitcase it bear the initial l.m.c . klaatu 's hand come into scene and lift up the suitcase . camera hold as klaatu carry the bag toward the house and mount the stone step to the entrance . int . boardinghouse - live room - night there 's no light in the room except what splashes in from the hall . gather around a television set be five adult and a little boy , they face eerie in the reflect light from the screen . the room be do in average boardinghouse style -- antimacassar and all . the attention of the people be rivete on the television screen , where a newscaster be read a bulletin . television commentator -- while the President make no effort to minimize the crisis , he urge people all over the country to remain calm . he say the entire facility of FBI and other federal agency be be buy to bear . he point out , however , that this be no ordinary man hunt . he warn we may be up against power that be beyond we control . full shot the landlady , a stern - face woman of middle age , name mrs . crockett , rise nervously and cross to the television set . mrs . crockett ( tensely ) I can not stand any more of this . it 's enough to drive a person crazy . she snap off the set sharply . two shot bobby benson , a bright - eye , eleven - year -old , be seat beside he mother , helen benson , a attractive girl of thirty . disappointed that the set have be turn off , Bobby 's rove eye have fall on something in the doorway to the hall ... Wide -ey , he nudge he mother and point . bobby hey , Mom -- who 's that ? full shot include the doorway to the hall . silhouett motionless against the light from the hall be the figure of a man . all eye follow hobby 's point finger , and there be a stifle gasp as they be startle out of they preoccupation . one of the man turn on the light and klaatu be reveal stand calmly in the doorway . there be a shocked silence for a moment , then Mrs. crockett speak . mrs . crockett ( apologize nervously for the tension in the room ) I -- I be sorry . what be it you want ? klaatu my name be carpenter . I be look for a room . there be a noticeable letdown in the general tension , during which booby have be study klaatu , he imagination work overtime . bobby be you a FBI man ? klaatu no -- I be afraid not . helen have step forward to make Bobby desist . bobby Bet he be , Mom . Bet he 's out look for that space man . helen ( with a apologetic smile at klaatu ) I think we have all be hearing too much about " space man . " Mrs. crockett revert to she role as landlady . she like to think of she house as a home . mrs . crockett ( start the introduction with helen ) this be Mrs. benson , Mr. carpenter . ( with a smile that would split a brick ) and little Bobby . ( indicate a middle - age couple and a young but more wizen man ) Mr. and Mrs. barley -- and Mr. krull ... I be Mrs. crockett . there be polite nodding and how-do- you - do 's . Mrs. crockett be satisfied that she 's establish a cozy atmosphere . mrs . crockett ( pleased to the point of challenge ) well -- this be we little family . ( then , get down to business ) I have a very nice room on the second floor . she lead the way toward the hall and klaatu start to follow , pick up he suitcase , when he be intercept by Bobby . bobby can I help you look for the space man ? can I ? ( excitedly ) I know what he look like ! he 's get a square head -- and , three great big eye ! helen ( good -naturedly , calming he down ) that 's enough , Bobby . I think it 's time you go to bed . mrs . crockett ( to Bobby , with a prop smile ) we must not annoy Mr. carpenter -- or he will not want to stay here . she go on into the hall , follow by klaatu , who have exchange a polite smile with helen . int . hallway as Mrs. crockett lead the way up the stair . mrs . crockett he 's really a dear little boy -- and quiet as a mouse . ( with a shrewd , chatty smile ) you be a long way from home , be not you , Mr. carpenter ? klaatu how do you know ? mrs . crockett ( pleased with she cleverness ) oh , I can tell a New England accent a mile away . dissolve to : int . boardinghouse - dine room - day five of the border -- Mr. and Mrs. barley , Mr. krull , helen benson and klaatu - be finish they Sunday morning breakfast . Mrs. barley be a middle - class helen hokinson lady , form and unrelent . her husband be a bear complainer . Mr. krull be a shrivel little accountant , precise and finicky . as they finish they coffee , all except helen be immerse in the Sunday papers . helen seem preoccupy with she own thought . from a portable radio on the table come Gabriel heater 's voice . gabriel heater's voice -- and so , this Sunday morning , we ask the question that 's be plague ; the entire nation for two day now : " where be this creature and what be he up to ? " if he can build a space ship that can fly to Earth -- and a robot that can destroy we tank and gun -- what other terror can he unleash at will ? ... obviously we must find this monster . we must track he down like a wild animal and destroy he . insert - newspaper page in mrs . barley' hand it be a full page layout , in the style of the american weekly , show a dement artist 's conception of a mass invasion of space ship . weird -look creature be slaughtering Earth people with ray gun . the caption at the top of the image read : " be we Long for this World ? " ( Gabriel heater 's voice continue uninterruptedly over this and the next two scene . ) close shot - klaatu he be read he paper with considerable interest . insert - newspaper story the third - page story read : savant call meeting to study space ship . Professor Jacob barnhardt , world - famous scientist and Nobel Prize winner , have invite fellow scientist from all over the world to meet with he in Washington and study the recently land " Space ship . " close shot - klaatu his face be thoughtful as he finish read . this story seem to impress and interest he . then suddenly he find he attention catch at what the Radio Voice be say . gabriel heater's voice but where would such a creature hide himself ? would he disappear into the north wood ? or would he slither off into the sewer of some great city ? klaatu have a reaction of affront dignity at this monstrously distasteful idea . group shot as the radio voice continue : gabriel heater's voice there be grave danger -- everyone agree to that . the question be what can we do to protect ourselves ? what measure can we take that will -- during the above , Mrs. barley have turn to she husband in sharp annoyance . mrs . barley George , I wish you would turn that radio off . I be try to concentrate . Mr. barley reach out and snap off the radio . mr. barley ( snort , he toss he paper down ) why do not the government do something -- that 's what I want to know . mr. krull ( mildly ) what can they do ? they be only people -- just like we . mr. barley people my foot ! they're Democrats ! mr. krull it 's enough to give you the shake . he 's get that robot stand there -- ten -foot tall -- just wait for order to destroy we . helen ( thoughtfully ) this space man -- or whatever he be . we automatically assume he 's a menace ... maybe he be not at all . mr. barley ( glaring at she for this silly notion ) then what 's he hide for ? why do not he come out in the open ? mr. krull yeah . ( indicate the radio ) like the fella say : " what 's he up to ? " helen maybe he 's afraid . mrs . barley ( with a derisive snort ) he 's afraid ! helen after all , he be shot the moment he land here . ( she pause for a moment thoughtfully ) I be just wonder what I would do . klaatu ( to helen , helpfully ) perhaps before decide on a course of action , you would want to know more about the people here -- to orient yourself in a strange environment . mrs . barley ( sharply ) there 's nothing strange about Washington , Mr. carpenter . klaatu ( quietly , tongue in cheek ) a person from another planet might disagree with you . mrs . barley if you want my opinion , he come from right here on Earth . ( with significant emphasis ) and you know where I mean . mr. krull they would not come in a space ship . they would come in airplane . mrs . barley ( as though with superior knowledge ) I would not be so sure about that . mr. barley ( deliver the final word ) stands to reason that fella want some thing or he would not be here . ( face klaatu ) that make sense , carpenter ? klaatu pause for a moment , then recite pleasantly . klaatu I must admit I be a little confuse . Mrs. crockett enter and speak to helen . mrs . crockett Mrs. benson -- Mr. Stevens be here to see you . helen oh -- thank you . she rise and go out . mrs . barley finish you coffee , George . I tell the carson we would be there at eleven . int . boardinghouse - live room - mo . close shot as helen cross the room to greet tom steven . he 's a personable young man with a breezy manner and considerable charm . there be between they a easy air of intimacy . helen ( smile warmly ) good morning . Tom kiss she . tom we be all set . I pick up some sandwich and put gas in the car . and the radio 's still bust , so I can forget about the space man for today . helen ( a little disturb ) there 's only one thing -- I have not be able to arrange for anyone to stay with Bobby . ( tentatively ) I do not suppose we could take he with we ? tom ( understandably unenthusiastically ) well , we could -- helen there 's always somebody here , but today of course they have all get plan . klaatuss voice I have not any plan . helen and Tom turn in surprise . three shot include klaatu , who have wander in from the dining room , unnotice by Tom and helen . klaatu continue , with a air of want to be helpful without want to interfere . klaatu I would be glad to spend the day with he -- if you would let I . tom ( impulsively ) say , that will be great ! would not it , helen . helen ( hesitate , a little confuse , by the offer ) it 's awfully nice of you to suggest it . ( remember the two man have not meet ) I be sorry Mr. carpenter -- this be Tom Stevens . the two man shake hand 's and exchange how - do - you - do 's . then klaatu turn back to helen . klaatu Bobby and I have a fine time yesterday afternoon . we talk -- and listen to the radio . ( smile at helen ) I think today he might show I around the city . helen be debate the matter in she mind , concerned about leave Bobby with a comparative stranger , but tempt because of she favorable impression of klaatu . klaatu ( easily ) suppose I ask Bobby how he feel about it . he turn , with a little smile , and start out of the room . helen , still not quite decide , turn to Tom with a question look . Tom nod . dissolve t0 : int . lincoln memorial - full shot - day ( stock ) the great seat , brood figure of lincoln be at the far end of the impressive main hall . a few tourist be move about the place . mo . close shot - klaatu and bobby they be in the south hall , on the wall of which be inscribe the gettysburg address . they stand silently , side by side , read the inscription . insert - gettysburg address ( stock ) feature the last part of the address . it read : " -- and that government of the people , by the people , for the people , shall not perish from the earth . " two shot - klaatu and bobby klaatu ( visibly impressed ) that be great word . ( with a air of discovery ) he must have be a great man . Bobby be impressed by the depth and sincerity of klaatu 's tribute , but a little confuse by he air of have discover lincoln . hobby watch klaatu with a puzzle expression , then follow as klaatu move off slowly . dissolve to : ext . lincoln memorial - mo . close shot - day shoot against one of the huge flute column as klaatu and Bobby come out of the building . deeply preoccupy , klaatu speak with impatient urgency . klaatu that 's the kind of man I would like to talk to . Bobby look up at he in bewilderment . after a moment klaatu speak slowly , thoughtfully . klaatu Bobby -- who 's the great man in America today ? bobby ( puzzle it over ) gee -- I do not know ... the space man , I guess . klaatu ( secretly amused ) I be speak of earth man . I mean the great philosopher -- the great thinker . b0 bby you mean the smartest man in the whole world ? klaatu yes -- that would do nicely . bobby ( after a moment think ) well -- Professor barnhardt , I guess . he 's the great scientist in the world . klaatu ( he pause thoughtfully , speak slowly , as he recall the newspaper story he read ) he life here in Washington , do not he ? bobby sure . right near where my mother work . klaatu where be that ? bobby Department of commerce . she 's a secretary . ( klaatu nod ) they have a man they call the Secretary , but he be not at all . my mother 's a real secretary . ( after a moment ; eagerly ) Mr. carpenter -- now can we go see the space ship ? ext . the mall - long shot - space ship and gort - day a crew of Army engineer be in process of erecting a temporary structure such as a large quonset hut or b29 hanger to enclose the space ship and gort . the wall be partially up and already have conceal part of the ship . the area be roped off and there be Army guard to keep the sightseer back . there be a crowd of people behind the rope , watch . camera move in to reveal the back of Bobby and klaatu . two shot - klaatu and bobby Bobby be study the ship and gort eagerly , he imagination thoroughly arouse . klaatu be watch the man at work with mild , quiet amusement . mo . close shot - gort from Bobby 's viewpoint . two shot - bobby and klaatu Bobby 's eye be wide with awe as he watch the giant robot . bobby Boy , I will bet he 's strong . I bet he could knock down a whole building . klaatu ( with a quizzical smile ) I should not be at all surprised . Bobby 's attention shift to the ship . mo . shot - space ship from Bobby 's viewpoint . two shot - b0 bby and klaatu bobby ( excitedly , indicate the ship ) gee , I would like to get inside and see how it work . what do you think make it go ? klaatu ( quietly , after a glance around ) well -- atomic power , I would imagine . bobby ( look at klaatu incredulously ) I think that be only for bomb . klaatu no . it 's for a lot of other thing , too . bobby you think it can go faster than a F - 36 ? klaatu yes -- I think so . mo . close shot klaatu and bobby shoot from a side angle to include a couple of man who be listen to klaatu 's conversation . they be nudging each other , amused at the way this man be pretend to explain thing to the little boy . bobby about a thousand mile a hour ? klaatu have notice the two man , who have edge a little closer to listen . he be not perturb by they , but he lower he voice a bit . klaatu maybe four thousand mile a hour . and outside the Earth 's atmosphere a good deal faster . bobby ( excitedly ) gee ! how could they make a landing ? klaatu well -- there be several way to reduce landing speed . you see , the velocity -- klaatu interrupt himself as he realize that he may be go too far . the two man have move closer , listen and grin . one of they whisper to the other behind the back of he hand . then the man realize that klaatu have stop speak and be look at he . man ( grin ) keep goin ' , mister . he be fallin ' for it . the two man burst out laugh and move off together . Bobby , who have miss the point of this by -play , look at klaatu , then after the man . as they move out of scene they laugh loudly at the little boy 's confusion . klaatu take Bobby 's hand to lead he away from the roped - off area . two shot - klaatu and bobby camera follows they as they move away through the crowd . as they do so , several newsboy be work they way through the crowd with newly arrive extras . the boy be call out the extras : " Police under fire ! " " Army put in charge ! " " Space man still at large ! " etc . people be eagerly buy the papers . klaatu and booby watch this as they pass through the crowd . close shot - extra in newsboy 's hand . the headline read : space man elude police army put in charge . close shot - another extra in another newsboy 's hand . this headline read : district under martial law . congress act as police chief reign . two shot - klaatu and bobby as they move on away from the excited crowd of people . klaatu 's reaction have be one of mild curiosity . Bobby look up at he . bobby you think they will ever find he ? klaatu ( alter a moment 's pause ) I do not know , Bobby . I be inclined to doubt it . bobby ( as they continue walk ) Mr. carpenter -- what do velocity mean ? klaatu ( preoccupy ) velocity be the time rate of change of position . this explanation miss Bobby by several light year . he glance up at klaatu blankly . bobby I will bet that 's the way Professor barnhardt talk . pull out of he reverie , klaatu glance down at Bobby and smile apologetically . Bobby grin back at he . then , as they walk on a few more step , klaatu stop and speak thoughtfully . klaatu Bobby -- I have a idea . let 's go see Professor barnhardt and find out how he talk . bobby ( with a half - smile of accusation ) you be just kid , be not you ? klaatu would not you like to meet he ? bobby well , sure I would , but -- ( he 's to be not go take in ) aw , I will bet you would be scared . klaatu ( with a private smile ) we can scare he more than he can scare we . Bobby stare up at he and he face break into a broad admire grin . bobby I like you , Mr. carpenter . you be a real screwball . dissolve to : ext . barnhardt's house - mo . shot - day the house be a unimpose old - fashioned structure , shoulder on either side by similar one - family dwelling . there be a flight of stone step lead up to the entrance and a large porch across the front of the house . klaatu and Bobby walk into scene and pause , klaatu glance at Bobby and Bobby nod toward the house . they move on up the step to the entrance . mo . choose shot - at front door Bobby , all eagerness and excitement , press the bell . they wait a moment and there be no answer . bobby ( disappointed at the think ) gee -- maybe he be not home . Bobby wander down the porch and look into a window . fascinate by what he see , he gesture to klaatu . bobby betcha this be where he work -- after a glance at the front door , klaatu join Bobby at the window and look in . full shot - barnhardt's study shoot through the window , over the head of klaatu and Bobby . the room be more of a workroom than a study . it be in comfortably shabby disarray , with papers and book everywhere . there 's a batter old desk and a day bed . one wall be solid bookshelve and on the other two be blackboard cover with a fantastic array of complex equation , graph and diagram . close shot - klaatu his attention have be catch by one of the blackboard and he study it with great interest and curiosity . mo . close shot - section of blackboard it be cover with a particularly complicated series of equation in a chalky scrawl , involve angle of vector , keplerian ellipse , etc . the final equation be unsolve ; they have no answer after the " equal " sign . across be little print sign tack to the blackboard read : " do not erase ! " and " do not touch ! " two shot - klaatu and bobby bewildere , Bobby look from the blackboard up at klaatu . still study the blackboard , klaatu be shaking he head and cluck he tonsure as one might at the attempt of a child to solve a problem in arithmetic . bobby ( indicate the equation ) what do that mean ? klaatu it 's a problem in celestial mechanic . bobby Bet he 's the only one in the world know the answer . klaatu ( he shake he head , smile ) he do not know the answer . and he will never get it that way . Bobby move over to a pair of french door beyond the window and try to peer in through the curtain door . he absently try the door and find they lock . then he turn away with a disappointed but philosophical shrug . bobby we probably could not get to see he even if he be home . as Bobby move away from the door dejectedly , klaatu put he hand on the knob . close shot - bobby he 's watch klaatu and he eye widen at what he see . bobby ( in complete surprise ) hey -- where you go ? choose shot - klaatu he have open the door and be stand in the doorway , he hand , still on the knob . he be smile at Bobby with secret amusement . he 's get a idea . klaatu if he 's that difficult to see , perhaps we ought to leave a call card . klaatu disappear into the study . amaze , Bobby follow . int . barnhardt's study Bobby watch as klaatu walk to the blackboard and pick up a piece of chalk . as though correct a schoolboy 's work , he make large check mark at several point in each equation . ext . porch - barnhardt's house a efficient-looking middle - age woman be mount the step to the entrance , get she front door key out of she purse , when she eye fall on the french door , which be stand ajar . puzzle , she start down the porch toward the door . this woman be barnhardt 's secretary and she name be hilda . Bobby be watch as klaatu write across the blackboard in a bold hand : differentiate the equation ( ) . klaatu underline this comment with a sharp stroke , when a stern voice be hear off screen . hilda' voice what be you do in here ? full shot as klaatu and Bobby turn in surprise . stand in the open french door be hilda , eyeing they with stern suspicion . hilda ( outrage by klaatu 's desecration of the sacred blackboard ) how dare you write on that blackboard ! ( klaatu eye she mildly ) do you realize the Professor have be work on that problem for week ? klaatu ( pleasantly ) he will catch on to it in no time now . hilda ( control herself with a effort ) how do you get in here ? and what do you want ? klaatu we come to see Professor barnhardt . hilda well , he 's not here . and he will not be back till this evening . ( sternly ) I think you would better leave now . unruffle , klaatu turn to the desk and scribbles something on a scratch pad . he tear off the piece of paper and hand it to hilda . klaatu you might keep this . ( with easy assurance ) I think the professor will want to get in touch with I . with a polite nod he go out the french door , follow by Bobby . hilda eye the door for a moment , then glance down at the paper in she hand , disturb and puzzle by this stranger . her glance wander to the blackboard and she pick up a eraser , debate whether to erase klaatu 's correction . at that moment the french door open and klaatu stick he head in . startle , hilda drop the eraser . klaatu ( point to the blackboard ) I would not erase that . the Professor need it very badly . and he disappear , leave hilda to glare after he in impotent rage . decide that this man be either a crackpot or a menace , she go to the telephone on the desk and start dial a number . ext . barnhardt's house - mo . shot as klaatu and Bobby come down the step and turn into the sidewalk . they be talk and laugh together , but we can not hear they conversation . camera pan with they as they move on up the sidewalk , revealing two kid play hopscotch . klaatu watch , fascinate , as he walk by . then , have pass the kid , he try the one - foote , then two - foote hop that characterize the game . int . barnhardt's study hilda be talk on the phone . hilda -- no , sergeant , there be no classified material around , but I have instruction to report anything unusual to the police ... yes -- I be Professor barnhardt 's secretary . ( consulting the paper in she hand ) the man 's name be carpenter -- and he life at 1615 St. Street , n.w ... yes , that 's right -- dissolve to : ext . arlington national cemetery - long shot - day Bobby and klaatu come out of a wood path into a section of the cemetery where the myriad cross seem to reach into infinity . they pause for a moment , then Bobby lead the way through one of the row . ext . arlington cemetery - close shot in one of the many row be cross that extend beyond camera range . camera move in on one of the cross . it bear the name lt . ROBERT benson . two shot - klaatu and b0 bby as they come into scene and look down at the grave . bobby that 's my father . ( klaatu glance at the boy , then nod understandingly ) he be kill at a place call anzio . klaatu 's glance rove out thoughtfully to the infinite row of cross , and he eye be sad as they return to Bobby . dissolve to : ext . arlington cemetery - mo . shot - day klaatu and Bobby be approach a bench beside a pathway overhung with tree . Bobby lead the way to the bench and they sit down . klaatu 's eye stray out to the myriad cross . klaatu ( reflectively ) do all this people die in war ? bobby ( somewhat surprised ) sure . do not you ever hear of Arlington Cemetery ? klaatu no -- I be afraid not . bobby ( very serious ) Mr. carpenter " -- you do not seem to know about anything . klaatu ( amuse ) I will tell you , Bobby -- I have be away for a long time . very far away . bobby be it different where you have be ? ( indicate the cemetery ) do not they have place like this ? klaatu ( slowly ) they have cemetery . but not like this one ... you see , they do not have any war . Bobby look at he , puzzle and impressed by this incomprehensible notion . bobby gee -- that 's a good idea . his eye be draw subconsciously out to the row of cross . then he turn back to klaatu with a slow - dawn look of curiosity , and klaatu deliberately change the subject . klaatu what would you like to do this afternoon ? after a moment Bobby 's expression change and he break into a broad grin . bobby go to the movie . klaatu all right . bobby ( he do not dare hope for this ) no foolin ' ? will you ? klaatu certainly . ( then he hesitates ) tell I , Bobby -- do you have to have money to go there ? Bobby give he a look of amazement , then grin , assume klaatu be kid and simply have not any money . bobby ( eagerly ) I have get some money . my mother give I two dollar . klaatu no -- I want to take you to the movie . ( he take some object out of he pocket ) do you think they would accept this ? close shot - klaatuss hand sparkle in he palm be eight or ten cut diamond of various size . two shot - klaatu and bobby the boy be stare at the stone in wide - eye amazement . bobby gee -- that look like diamond ! klaatu some place that 's what people use for money . they be easy to carry -- and they do not wear out . bobby ( stare at they fascinate ) Bet they be worth about a million dollar . klaatu would you give I you two dollar for a couple of they ? bobby ( with a nervous , unsure smile ) well , sure , but -- the boy study klaatu 's face to see if he 's kid . realizing that he 's not , Bobby 's face take on a childishly shrewd expression -- as though he be about to trade a jackknife for a ocean liner . bobby ( slowly ) okay . the boy take out two dollar bill and offer they almost challengingly . klaatu take the bill and hand Bobby two good-size diamond . they study they new acquisition with interest . Bobby look up from he diamond to steal a guilty glance at klaatu . bobby let 's not say anything to my mother about this , Mr. carpenter . klaatu ( mildly curious ) why not , Bobby ? bobby ( gravely ) she do not like I to steal from people . dissolve to : ext . boardinghouse STREET - mo . shot - night shoot toward the curb as a police prowl car drive up and stop in front of the boardinghouse . a detective in plainclothes get out and gesture to the uniform Driver to pull up the street a way and wait . the Driver nod and the car move off as the detective cross the sidewalk to the boardinghouse . ext . boardinghouse - mo . close shot as the detective mount the step he glance through a window into the live room . klaatu can be see read to Bobby , who be perch happily on the arm of klaatu 's chair . the detective move to the front door ant ring the bell . there be the sound of run foot and in a moment the door be open and Bobby appear . detective Mr. carpenter come home yet ? bobby ( study the man curiously ) yeah -- he 's right inside . int . downstair - boardinghouse detective tell he I would like to see he . bobby ( call out ) Mr. carpenter - -! ( to the detective ) come on in . the detective step inside and Bobby close the door , as klaatu appear from the live room . detective you name carpenter ? klaatu ( puzzle that anyone should know he ) yes . ( then recalling , with a smile of satisfaction ) oh -- I suppose Professor barnhardt 's look far I . detective ( dryly , with grim emphasis ) I be look for you all afternoon . ext . boardinghouse STREET - mo . shot - night a inexpensive convertible -- a 1948 Ford , or chevrolet -- drive up and stop in front of the house . helen and Tom be in it . int . convertable - tw0 shot - helen and tom you get the feel that helen and ton have spend a very enjoyable day together and be reluctant to say goodnight . Tom put he arm around she and kiss she . helen ( fondly ) it be a wonderful day . tom you still have not answer my question . helen ( warmly sincere ) you know how I feel , Tom . I just want to think it over . tom the boss be leave for Chicago tomorrow . if I could tell he I be get marry -- with two dependent -- helen ( smile ) you be a good salesman -- but I have get to think about it . tom a good insurance salesman would not give you time to think . with a smile and , a quick kiss , helen get out of the car . helen ' night . mo . shot as helen turn and hurry across the sidewalk to the house . in the entrance she turn and wave to Tom . he wave back and drive off slowly . helen let herself in with she key . int . downstair hall - boardinghouse the detective be put on he hat and prepare to leave with klaatu as helen enter . there be a moment of awkwardness and confusion as she glance , puzzle , at the detective . Bobby run to she and greet she excitedly . bobby hi Mom ! helen hello , darling . ( she kiss Bobby , then turn questioningly to klaatu and the detective ) good evening , Mr. carpenter . klaatu be uneasy but try not to show it as he smile in greeting and introduce the detective . klaatu Mrs. benson -- this be Mr. brady . bobby ( impressively ) Mr. brady 's a cop . helen glance quickly at the detective , then at klaatu , surprised and troubled . she turn to Bobby to cover she confusion . helen ( to Bobby ) do you have a nice day , dear ? bobby ( enthusiastically ) Boy , we have a swell time . do not we , Mr. carpenter ? klaatu we certainly do . bobby we go to the movie -- and we have ice cream cone -- and we go to see daddy -- helen ( move and grateful , she 's uneasy and concerned as she turn to klaatu ) I do not know how to thank you . klaatu I enjoy every minute of it . detective ( with quiet insistence ) we better get goin ' , Mr. carpenter . as klaatu nod and prepare to follow he , Bobby speak to klaatu . bobby aw , gee -- we do not finish we story . klaatu we will finish it tomorrow ... goodnight , Bobby . bobby ( reluctantly ) goodnight . klaatu and the detective nod to helen and they go out . helen watch the door close with real concern , wonder why the police want klaatu and hope he have not do anything wrong . still disturb , she turn to lead Bobby upstairs . helen come on , Bobby . time to go to bed . bobby ( he follower she , then hesitates ) Mom -- why do Mr. carpenter have to go down to the police station ? helen I -- I do not know , dear ... perhaps there 's some mistake . this satisfy he for the moment -- even though it do not satisfy helen . he be climb the stair beside she . bobby we sure have fun today . we see the space ship and we go to see Professor barnhardt -- and -- helen ( flash he a puzzle , incredulous look ) Professor barnhardt . bobby ( almost ignore the interruption ) yeah , sure . Mom , do I have to go to school tomorrow ? helen of course , dear . bobby aw , gee , Mom -- I have plan to play with Mr. carpenter . dissolve to : int . police station - full shot - night the place be crowded and there be a feel of feverish but well - order activity . unidentified people who have be pick up in the search for the space man be be screen by the police . they be all man -- all between forty and sixty year old -- and they be from all walk of life . a series of desk have be arrange in a row , with sign over they read identification . at each desk be a team of cop and before each desk be a line of man wait to be screen . at the far end of the room klaatu can be see at the desk of a Police Lieutenant , with the detective who pick he up . mo . close shot shoot over the shoulder of two cop at one of the desk , toward the line of people they be screen . a nondescript , middle - age vagrant stand before the desk as one of the cop flip through a card file . first cop ( to the cop beside he ) b.m. albert -- no prior arrest . second cop ( to the vagrant ) no identification ? ( the man shake he head dully ) send he over to G - 2 . the man be take out of the line as camera move on to the next desk , with another pair of cop and another line . a rather distinguished - look business man be place a sheaf of identification card and papers on the desk . businessman my wife just arrive with my identification . one of the cop at the desk glance over the papers and nod to the man . third cop that will be all , Mr. baxter . sorry to bother you ... next . camera move on to a third desk where a small , rat -face man be stand uneasily before the two cop , one of whom be flipping through a card file . FOURTH cop cappo , John C ? ( the man nod ) two prior -- one for petty theft -- one for shoplift . fifth cop ( wave the man away ) okay , jonny -- you can go . man ( with a nervous grin ) sometimes a record come in handy . ( and he move off ) mo . close shot - at lieutenant's desk a detective Lieutenant in plain clothes be question klaatu , who stand beside the detective who bring he in . the Lieutenant be a rugge but dignify man about fifty , intelligent and businesslike . lieutenant the Professor 's secretary say she find you in barnhardt 's room , make mark on he blackboard . klaatu I be only try to be helpful . he be have difficulty with a problem . the Lieutenant exchange a look with the detective . lieutenant ( sardonically ) oh , I see . he be have trouble and you be help he out . klaatu ( pleasantly ) that 's right . lieutenant ( quietly sharp and accuse ) I suppose you know that barnhardt do a lot of secret work for the Army . klaatu in this case the secret would not be worth much . he do not know the answer himself . lieutenant ( grow impatient ) but I suppose you know the answer . klaatu ( with a deprecate shrug ) it 's really quite simple ... the three - body problem , you know . the lieutenant shift in he chair , annoyed that he have to deal with this madman . he glance at a report on he desk , try to control he impatience . lieutenant you name 's carpenter -- that right ? ( klaatu nod ) any identification , Mr. carpenter ? Driver 's license -- social security number ? klaatu no -- I be afraid not . lieutenant well , how do I know who you be ? klaatu ( secretly amused ) you do not . the Lieutenant be turn away in exasperation as a uniform cop come into the scene . cop Excuse I , Lieutenant -- ( point offscene ) the Doc say this man need treatment right away . mo . shot a man about forty - five , bloody and badly beat , be be support and half - carry by two policeman . a police doctor be guide they to a doorway , near which be a sign infirmary . the man be almost unconscious , incapable even of hold up he head . mo . close shot - at lieutenant's desk lieutenant what 's the story ? cop some fella catch he lookin ' in a window and figure he be the space man . the whole neighborhood go crazy and they gang up on he . would have kill he if we have not come along ... turn out he be just a prowler . the Lieutenant grimace he disgust and impatience with mob violence . lieutenant okay -- book he and get he fix up . ( the cop nod and go , and the Lieutenant growl as he turn back to klaatu and the detective ) look like everybody 's goin ' nut . klaatu ( appal by what he have see and hear ) they would have kill this man ? lieutenant ( gruffly ) people get hysterical enough , they do anything . ( impatiently ) look , Mr. carpenter -- if you can not identify yourself , I get to send you over to the Army . klaatu ( pretend impatience , but actually grow concerned ) how long will that take ? lieutenant they can tell right away . they have get a couple of doctor who see this man in the hospital . ( to the detective ) take he over to g2 . really concerned now , klaatu try to find a way out . he attempt a authoritative air . klaatu it 's very important , Lieutenant , that I see Professor barnhardt . detective come on , Mr. carpenter -- shake off the detective 's hand , klaatu speak to the Lieutenant . klaatu May I suggest that you call the Professor ? lieutenant ( all patience go ) get go , will you , brady -- before I get mad ! the detective take klaatu 's arm and lead he toward the door . as they go they pass a military Police Captain , who make he way straight to the Lieutenant 's desk . ext . police station - two shot - klaatu and detective as they come out of the station . klaatu hesitates a moment , look around . his face reveal nothing , but he seem to be momentarily consider the idea of make a break . the detective , sensitive to such a possibility , hook he arm under klaatu 's and nod he head toward the sidewalk in silent command . klaatu allow himself to be lead off . mo . shot as the detective lead klaatu across the sidewalk to the curb , where a police car be stand . park just behind it be a Army staff car . mo . close shot - entrance to police station as the m.p. Captain appear in the entrance , accompany by the Police Lieutenant . they see klaatu and the detective approach the police car and hurry out of scene after they . mo . close shot - at police car lieutenant ( to the detective ) wait a minute , brady -- ( indicate order in he hand ) the Captain here 's get order from General cutler to take this man over to Professor barnhardt . m.p. captain ( to klaatu firmly but respectfully ) will you come with I , Sir ? mo . shot as klaatu get out of the police car and the Captain escort he toward the staff car . pass the Lieutenant , klaatu speak with a polite smile , a smile that might be one of mild triumph . klaatu sorry to trouble you , Lieutenant . the Lieutenant react with impatient exasperation as the Captain hold the staff car door open for klaatu , who step into the Army vehicle , as we -- dissolve to : int . hallway - barnhardt's house - night as the m.p. Captain and klaatu enter the front door , which be hold open for then by hilda . she gesture they toward the half - open door of barnhardt 's study , where barnhardt can be see puzzle over the problem on the blackboard . the Captain knock on the open door to attract he attention and enter with klaatu . int . barnhardt's study barnhardt turn from he deep preoccupation at the blackboard , chalk in hand . m.p. captain this be the man you want to see , Professor . barnhardt ( study klaatu curiously ) thank you , Captain . m.p. captain I will wait outside . he step out into the hall , close the door . barnhardt continue to study klaatu for a moment , then point to the notation he make on the blackboard . there be a control but anxious excitement in barnhardt 's attitude . barnhardt you write this ? klaatu ( nodd easily ) it be a clumsy way to introduce myself -- but I understand you be a difficult man to see . ( glance at the blackboard reproachfully ) I think you would have the solution by this time . barnhardt not yet . that 's why I want to see you . klaatu glance at the work barnhardt have be do on the board . then he point to one of the expression in a equation . klaatu all you have to do now be substitute this expression -- ( point to a specific place ) -- at this point . impress and interested , barnhardt tug at he chin as he study and weigh the result . barnhardt ( slowly , thoughtfully ) yes -- that will reproduce the first - order term . but what about the effect of the other term ? klaatu almost negligible ... with variation of parameter , this be the answer . barnhardt how can you be so sure ? have you test this theory ? klaatu ( with a slight smile ) I find it work well enough to get I from one planet to another . ( barnhardt stare at he blankly ) I understand you have call a meeting to study we space ship . barnhardt as though unsure of what he 's hear ) yes -- yes , I have . klaatu my name be klaatu . ( note that barnhardt 's expression be change from amazement to incredulity ) I spend two day at you walter reed Hospital . room 309 . my doctor 's name be Major White -- and I have a very attractive nurse call Ruth , who 's get marry next Wednesday . ( klaatu wait for this to sink in , then speak with quiet authority ) if you be not interested -- or if you intend to turn I over to you Army -- we need not waste any more time . barnhardt hesitates for a long , thoughtful moment . then he go to the door , open it and speak to the Captain outside . barnhardt ( to the Captain , he voice a little unsteady ) you can go now , Captain . please thank General cutler and tell he -- tell he that I know this gentleman . barnhardt close the door and turn to find klaatu watch he with a faint smile . barnhardt sink into a chair , try to adjust he mind . klaatu ( dryly ) you have faith , Professor barnhardt barnhardt it be not faith that make good science , Mr. klaatu . its curiosity . ( unable to conceal he interest ) sit down , please . I have several thousand question to ask you . klaatu ( ignore the invitation ) I would like to explain something of my mission here . barnhardt that be my first question . klaatu ( with some bitterness ) it be my intention to discuss this officially -- with all the nation of the Earth -- but I be not allow the opportunity . I have come to realize since that you mutual fear and suspicion be merely the normal reaction of a primitive society . ( gather he thought ) we know from scientific observation that you have discover a rudimentary kind of atomic energy . we also know that you be experiment with rocket . barnhardt yes -- that be true . klaatu in the hand of a mature civilization , this would not be consider weapon of aggression . but in the hand of you people -- ( he shrug and shake he head ) we have observe you aggressive tendency , and we do not trust you with such power . barnhardt ( puzzle ) if you mean that you be afraid of we -- klaatu ( with cool impressive emphasis ) we want to be sure you do not make -- let we say -- a unfortunate mistake . we know the potentiality of this development and we be disturb to find they in the hand of child ... you see , we have have atomic energy for five thousand of you year . ( indicate the telephone ) we discard instrument like this many century ago . ( he pace thoughtfully ) so long as you be limited to fight among yourselves -- with you primitive tank and plane -- we be unconcern . but soon you will apply atomic energy to space ship -- and then you become a threat to the peace and security of other planet . that , of course , we cannot tolerate . barnhardt ( thoughtful and impressed ) this other planet -- do they have peace and security ? klaatu we have we atomic war -- thousand of year ago . ( he smile wryly ) after that we fight with bow and arrow . then , slowly , we learn that fight be no solution -- that aggression lead to chaos . barnhardt ( with deep conviction ) we scientist understand this . even we primitive scientist . ( straightforwardly ) what exactly be the nature of you mission , Mr. klaatu ? klaatu I come here to warn you that , by threaten danger , you planet face danger -- very grave danger . I be prepare , however , to offer a solution . barnhardt would you care to be more specific ? klaatu ( evenly ) what I have to say must be say to all concerned . ( with a suggestion of deference to barnhardt ) it be too important to be entrust to any individual . barnhardt be force reluctantly to accept klaatu 's refusal to go any further . after a moment 's think , he speak seriously , but with a twinkle in he eye . barnhardt I gather that you effort on the official level be not entirely successful . klaatu ( sternly , as this unpleasant episode be recall ) I come to you as a last resort -- and I confess that my patience be wear thin . ( with jovian annoyance ) must I take drastic action in order to get a hearing ? barnhardt ( uneasily ) what -- what sort of action do you mean ? klaatu violent action -- since that seem to be the only thing you people understand . ( quietly ) level the island of Manhattan , perhaps -- or drop the rock of Gibraltar into the sea . barnhardt stand stare at he for a moment , pass he hand across he brow . then , as klaatu watch , barnhardt pace the floor , try to digest what he have hear . after a moment , he turn to klaatu . barnhardt would you be willing to meet with the group of scientist I be call together ?. perhaps you could explain you mission to they , and they in turn could present it to they various people . klaatu ( quietly , evenly ) that 's what I come to see you about . barnhardt fling he a glance , then look momentarily sheepish . but he own eagerness carry he on . he pace the floor thoughtfully . barnhardt it be not enough to have man of science . we scientist be too easily ignore -- or misunderstand . we must get important man from every field . educator -- philosopher -- church leader -- man of vision and imagination -- the finest mind in the world . klaatu I leave that in you hand . barnhardt you would have no objection to revealing yourself at this meeting ? klaatu no -- not at all . barnhardt what about you personal safety in the meantime ? what about the Army -- and the police ? klaatu my name be carpenter and I be a very earthy character live in a respectable board house . barnhardt ( smile , but a little concerned ) I be afraid I can not offer you any real protection . I have no influence in case of inter- planetary conspiracy . klaatu I be sure I will be quite safe until the meeting . barnhardt ( he suddenly pause , thoughtfully ) one thing , Mr. klaatu . suppose this group should reject you proposal . what be the alternative ? klaatu ( with a sense of quiet , inescapable power ) I be afraid you have no alternative . in such , a case the planet Earth would have to be -- ( he look for the right word ) -- eliminate . the implication of this statement leave barnhardt speechless , he keen mind reeling . barnhardt such power exist ? klaatu I assure you such power exist . barnhardt stand silent for a moment , try to collect he shattered thought . klaatu watch he as he start pace again . barnhardt the people who come to the meeting must be make to realize this . they must understand what be at stake . ( after a thoughtful moment , he look up ) you mention a demonstration of force -- klaatu yes . barnhardt would such , a demonstration be possible before the meeting ? klaatu yes -- of course . barnhardt something that would dramatize for they and for they people the seriousness of the situation . something that would affect the entire planet . klaatu ( with a nod ) that can easily be arrange . barnhardt ( frighten by he easy assumption of infinite power ) I would not want you to harm anybody -- or destroy anything . klaatu ( easily ) why do not you leave it to I ? I will think of something . barnhardt ( with a nervous half - smile ) maybe a little demonstration . klaatu ( think about it ) something dramatic -- but not destructive . ( intellectually amused ) it 's quite a interesting problem . ( barnhardt nod vaguely ) would day after tomorrow be all right ? say about noon ? klaatu 's bland manner leave barnhardt shake , almost wishing he would never start this business . fade out : int . live room - boardinghouse - night it be about 3:30 the follow evening . helen be sit in a chair leaf through a magazine . she be dress to go out . a corner of the dining room can be see , where Mr. and Mrs. barley be play card with Mr. krull . Mrs. crockett , the landlady , enter from the hall on she way to the dining room and notice helen . mrs . crockett go out , dear ? helen yes , I be wait for Tom to pick I up . mrs . crockett ( with a shudder ) personally , I will not go out after dark this day . ( with a attempt at slyness ) but then -- I be not court , be I ? she turn to go on into the dining room and as she do so almost bump into klaatu who be come out , have be kibitze the card game . mrs . crockett ( thoroughly startle ) oh -- Mr. carpenter --! klaatu step aside as she hurry nervously into the dining room . he turn , puzzle , to find helen watch with a slight smile . klaatu everyone seem so -- ( he shake he hand to indicate nervousness ) helen jittery be the word . helen watch he , a little uneasy in he presence . she be fond of he , and she can not help be curious and concerned about he brush with the police . klaatu ( with a contemplative smile ) Bobby 's the only person I know who be not -- jittery . helen he have he homework to keep he occupy . klaatu ( fondly , sincerely ) he 's a fine boy , Mrs. benson . helen naturally I think so . klaatu warm and friendly and intelligent -- ( thoughtfully ) you know -- he 's the only real friend I have make since I have be here . helen be deeply move by klaatu 's affection for the boy , she try to dismiss she curiosity about he , but she can not . she decide to face it . helen ( hesitantly and with some difficulty ) Mr. carpenter -- this be none of my business , but -- why do that detective come here last night ? klaatu ( with easy frankness ) oh -- they just want to ask I a few question . Bobby and I try to see Professor barnhardt in the afternoon , but he be not in . apparently they think I be look for secret of some kind . helen have react in puzzlement at this second mention of barnhardt . they be interrupt by the ringing of the doorbell . helen go to answer it . int . hallway as helen open the front door to admit Tom . he appear impatient , anxious to get go . helen hello -- tom you ready ? helen I will be in just a minute . tom ( a little annoyed that she have not she coat on , he consult he watch ) the picture start at eight - fifty . helen ( in explanation ) I be talk to Mr. carpenter . tom ( lightly , but with real sarcasm underneath ) I hope Mr. carpenter will not think I be intrude . helen try to shush he , to indicate klaatu be in the next room , when klaatu appear in the doorway . he must have hear Tom 's remark , and there be a awkward moment . klaatu be completely unperturb , but helen be embarrassed . klaatu Excuse I . I be just go up to my room . helen ( guiltily ) goodnight , Mr. carpenter . klaatu stop and turn to face they pleasantly . klaatu have a good time -- both of you . he go on up the stair . helen steer Tom toward the live room . helen why do not you wait in here while I get my thing ? int . live room as they enter from the hall , helen turn to Tom reproachfully . helen ( quietly ) oh , Tom , that be awful . tom ( momentary apologetic ) I be sorry . I guess I be just tired of hearing about Mr. carpenter . ( helen shush he ) I do not like the way he 's attach himself to you and Bobby . after all , what do you know about he ? this touch on helen 's own private doubt , and she cannot answer . helen I will go get my thing . she turn quickly and go into the hall and hurry up the stair . Tom look after she , dismiss the matter with a shake of the head and a philosophical sigh . of such stuff be woman make . int - upstair hallway helen reach the top of the stair , cross to she room and grab a coat off the bed . she 's put it on as she move down the hall to Bobby 's room , the door of which be open . int . bobby's room Bobby be at a table do he homework and klaatu have just finish explain a arithmetic problem to he , as helen enter , still put on she coat . klaatu ( about to leave ) all you have to remember be , first find the common denominator -- then subtract . bobby thanks , Mr. carpenter . klaatu ( to helen , pleasantly ) I will say goodnight again . helen be embarrassed . she would like to apologize for the awkwardness downstairs but she do not quite know how to go about it . helen Mr. carpenter , I -- ( it 's too complicated ; she can not do it ) goodnight . klaatu ( with a warm smile of complete understanding and appreciation ) goodnight , my dear . he turn and go out , close the door . a little distract , helen turn to Bobby . helen go to bed , darling . you can finish that in the morning . bobby okay . helen watch as he start to put away he work . she want to tell he something , but find it difficult to say . helen ( hesitantly , almost guiltily ) Bobby -- I think it would be better if we do not see quite so much of Mr. carpenter bobby ( shocked , and bewilder ) gee , why , Mom ? he 's my best friend ... and he 's awful good in arithmetic . he even help Professor barnhardt . helen do you and Mr. carpenter really go to see Professor barnhardt ? bobby sure we do ! he be not there but we go to see he . and Mr. carpenter show he how to do he arithmetic . helen be surprised to get this corroboration for klaatu 's story . sense he mother 's uneasiness , the boy look for something intrigue -- some deep , dark secret . bobby ( shrewdly ) Mom -- be there something wrong with Mr. carpenter ? helen what do you mean , dear ? bobby I mean -- on account of that policeman last night . ( he eye light up hopefully ) you think he 's a bank robber , maybe ? or a gangster ? helen no , dear , of course not . he 's a very nice man . I just think he might prefer to be leave alone . now you get to bed and forget about it . ( she kiss he ) ' night , darling . with a reassure smile , she start for the door . bobby goodnight . ( stop she in the doorway , he imaginative suspicion mount ) hey Mom -- why would he want to be alone ? not want to go into this any further , helen blow he a kiss and back out , close the door . Bobby stand think for a moment , he mind still speculate on all sort of wonderful possibility . still preoccupy , he drift over to he bed and sit down to take of he shoe . he drop the first one to the floor and be start on the other , when there be a light rap on he door . the door open and klaatu appear . klaatu Bobby -- have you a flashlight ? bobby ( surprised by he appearance and he request ) yeah -- sure . ( he go to a drawer and get a large hand flashlight ) it 's a real Boy scout flashlight . Bobby hand he the light , study he face with eager curiosity . bobby what do you want it for , Mr. carpenter ? klaatu ( evasively ) why -- the light in my room go out . ( cut off further question ) thank you , Bobby . goodnight . klaatu go out , close the door behind he . Bobby hesitates a moment , puzzle and curious . then he go over to the door , flip off the light , and slowly , noiselessly open the door a crack so he can peer out into the hall . mo . shot shoot down the hall through the crack in Bobby 's door . klaatu 's door be ajar and through it the light in he room can be see burn brightly . klaatu go to he door , reach in and flip off the light and close the door . he then scan the hall in both direction . satisfied he be not see , he move surreptitiously down the hall toward the stair , still carry the flashlight . mo close shot - bobby as he close he door carefully , a expression of intense excitement on he face . what he have seem be certainly , unmistakably suspicious . why do Mr. carpenter lie to he ? what do he want the flashlight for and where be he go ? Bobby decide he 's get to find out . hurriedly he lace on the shoe he have take off , and peer out the door to find the hall clear . he slip out the door , close it behind he . dissolve to : ext . STREET - mo . close shot - night klaatu be walk down the dark , semi-deserted street with the determine stride of a man with a definite objective . mo . close shot - bobby half a block behind , he 's follow klaatu , eagerly , flushed with a sense of excitement and adventure . dissolve to : ext . residential STREET corner - night walk along the sidewalk , klaatu turn into a side street , disappear from view around the corner . in a moment , Bobby hurry into scene breathlessly . he pull up for a moment to rest . then , get he breath , he dash on around the corner after klaatu . dissolve to : ext . large temporary build - long shot - night this be a temporary structure that have be erect to enclose the space ship and gort . in front of the one small door be two soldier , stand guard . conceal in some foreground foliage , study the layout , be klaatu . nearby 's a sign read : keep out ! this area off limit to the public . U.S. army . close shot - bobby he be a short distance away , watch klaatu eagerly . close shot - klaatu as he study the situation . mo . shot shoot over klaatu 's shoulder . as he watch , a Jeep fill with armed soldier -- apparently regular patrol -- drive up to the entrance of the building . they stop for a moment while they sergeant check with the guard . assure that everything be under control , the sergeant signal he driver and the Jeep move off . mo . close shot - klaatu scan the side of the building , he see what he 's look for . wait until the Jeep disappear , he start toward one side of the building , keep himself conceal in the foliage . close shot - bobby puzzle and interested , as he watch klaatu . mo . close shot the two sentries stand in front of the building . mo . shot as klaatu maneuver around the side of the building , where there be a window . it have no glass in it but be heavily bar . mo . close shot - klaatu as he leave the conceal foliage and cross the clear , grassy area surround the building . he stop and try to see through the window . mo . shot - gort shoot through the bar window into the building . the huge robot loom large and eerie in the shadow cast by a couple of naked work - light . his head be angle , away from the window . mo . close shot as klaatu approach the window . aiming he flashlight at gort , he flash the light intermittently , as though signal . ( this should not approximate any know code . ) mo . close shot - gort as we watch , the intermittent flash of klaatu 's light appear on the wall ahead of gort . slowly , evenly , the robot 's head turn to face the window . mo . shot from gort 's viewpoint , of the window , with klaatu 's light flash its signal . mo . close shot - klaatu shoot on he back , as he finish signal and cut off the flashlight . he turn ant start back for the concealment of the foliage . close shot - bobby craning he neck to look for klaatu , who have elude he view . suddenly he see klaatu again . mo . shot - klaatu make he way behind the foliage toward the front of the building . arrive at a point opposite the entrance , klaatu wait and watch . mo . close shot - entrance to build the two guard be stand in the doorway in position of relaxed alertness . suddenly , inside the building behind they , the giant figure of gort loom silently in the doorway . his two great arm reach out , grab the two guard and drag then back inside the building . close shot - bobby he let out a inaudible gasp as he see this . bug-ey , he glance quickly to the point where he last see klaatu . he be amaze at what he see . mo . shot from Bobby 's viewpoint . klaatu have emerge from the concealment of the tree-line path and be make he way calmly toward the entrance of the building . close shot - bobby as he watch klaatu enter the building , he curiosity conquer he fear and he start tremblingly toward the structure . int . build - full shot as klaatu enter . the huge shape of the space ship and gort loom large and eerie . klaatu start across the barren enclosure toward the ship . ext . entrance to build - mo . close shot as Bobby approach the door , fearful but fascinate . he peer cautiously inside and he eye grow wide as saucer . ext . build - mo . shot in *f.g. , near the door , the two guard lie unconscious . as klaatu walk toward the ship gort slowly turn he head to follow he with he with eye . klaatu touch a point on the unbroken surface of the ship and the ramp silently swing out and down to the ground . klaatu mount the ramp and disappear inside the ship , whereupon the ramp silently close . close shot - bobby as he watch this ; he eye bulg . he can scarcely believe what he have see . suddenly a wave of sheer terror sweep over he . scramble to he foot , he turn and run wildly away . int . SMALL corridor - space ship camera follows klaatu as he move down the tiny , dimly light entrance corridor . he step into the main cabin of the ship and flip a switch which bathes the cabin in a diffuse , shadowless light . the wall be line with a complex of mysterious gadgetry -- knob , dial , indicator , etc . all of this should be as imaginative and unorthodox as possible , while still retain a feel of sound but highly advanced engineering . mo . close shot as klaatu move to the communication panel , flipping switch and turn dial . indicator light up . there be crackle , whirring and buzzing sound . klaatu start speak into a build - in microphone in he own strange language . he speak in rapid-fire explanation , continue to talk , as we -- dissolve to : int . build - mo . shot - night as klaatu walk calmly away from the ship , past the two unconscious guard and disappear out of the door . mo . close shot the two guard as one of they slowly regains consciousness . look around , he see the great figure of gort and be terror-stricken . he shake he companion frantically in a effort to bring he to . dissolve to : int . live room boardinghouse night Bobby be curl up in a chair wait for he mother to come home . he 's sleepy , but the excitement of what he have see preclude any such possibility . from the hall we hear the front door open as helen and Tom come in . helen' voice ( off scene ) why do not you come on in for a minute ? helen and Tom appear in the doorway , helen be startle to see Bobby , who have jumped up and run toward she . helen Bobby --! what be you do up at this hour ? bobby ( excitedly ) I could not go to sleep , Mom . I have to tell you ! helen tell I what ? bobby ( the word tadpole out breathlessly ) I follow Mr. carpenter -- right after you leave -- and , gee , Mom , where do you think he go ? right into the space ship ! helen ( patiently disbely ) now , Bobby , just a minute -- bobby honest , Mom , I see he . it just open up and he walk right in . and that great big iron man be move around ! helen Bobby , you have be dream again . bobby ( desperately ) no , I have not , Mom . I promise you ... I see it ! helen and Tom exchange a glance of tolerant amusement . tom where do you see all this , Bobby ? bobby on the lawn down at the mall -- in that place with the soldier out front . tom ( try to trap he ) where be the soldier all this time ? bobby that robot fella grab them and drag them inside ! ( he lip tremble ) I like Mr. carpenter -- but I be scared , Mom . he rush into helen 's arm , clutching she desperately , try to hold back he tear . helen ( hold he close to she sympathetically ) must not be frighten , darling -- it be just a bad dream . here -- we will prove it to you . ( with a look and a nod to Tom ) Tom , will you ask Mr. carpenter if he will come down for a minute . ( Tom turn to go ) the room right opposite mine . nodding , Tom disappear into the hall and up the stair . still hold Bobby , helen try to dispel he fear by a appeal to logic . helen now think back hard . you do not follow Mr. carpenter at all , do you ? you have not even be out of the house . bobby yes , I have ! helen ( determinedly ) you do not really see the space ship . you just think you do . bitterly hurt , Bobby face he mother gravely , accusingly . bobby I would never call you a liar . int . upstair hallway - mo . close shot Tom be knock softly at klaatu 's door . get no answer , he try the door , push it open and peer in . then he step into the darken room . int . klaatuss room - full shot Tom snap on the light and look around the empty room . the bed be still make . glancing around , Tom 's eye be catch by a flash of something bright on the floor below the dresser . he stoops down and pick up a fair-size diamond . Tom study the stone curiously , hold it up to the light . thoroughly puzzle , he keep the stone in he hand , switch off the light and go out . upstair hall - mo . shot close the door , Tom hurry along the hall and down the stair int . live room - full shot through the hall door Tom can be see come down the stair . helen and Bobby watch expectantly as he enter . tom he 's not there . ( crossing to helen ) but look what I find in he room helen ( take the stone and study it , amaze by its size ) be it real ? tom ( with the shrug of a amateur ) look real to I . bobby Mr. carpenter 's get a lot of diamond . ( he dig into he pocket ) he give I a couple of they . helen take the two diamond Bobby hold out in he hand , look at they in amazement . helen he give this to you ? bobby ( guilty for he own sharp deal ) well , not exactly . I give he two dollar . tom this do not make sense ... I think the guy 's a crook . I never do trust he . helen try to shush Tom , not want to re-stimulate Bobby 's imagination , but it 's too late . bobby gee , Mom , do you think maybe he 's a diamond smuggler ? helen ( firmly ) come on , darling -- we be go up to bed . tom I wonder if we ought to -- helen ( cut he off with a look ) Bobby and I have have enough excitement for tonight . tom ( seriously concerned ) you think it 's all right for you to stay here ? helen ( nod reassuringly ) I have get a good lock on my door . ( smile at Bobby ) and Bobby 's go to sleep in my room tonight . bobby oh , boy -- can I , Mom ? helen yes , dear . come on now . ( she happen to look down at he foot . puzzle , and concerned , she feel he shoe ) Bobby , you shoe be soaking ! bobby ( reluctantly , with childish guilt ) yeah -- the grass be kind of wet . as the impact of this sink in , helen and Tom turn to stare at each other in question consternation . fade out : fade in : int . office - dept . of commerce bldg . - mo . close shot day it be a typical government office , with lot of desk in it . helen be at she desk , straighten it up to go to lunch . this do , she move briskly to get she coat . camera pan to follow she and suddenly , startlingly reveal klaatu stand near the clothes rack , as though he have materialize out of thin air . helen be thoroughly startle . helen ( unnerve ) oh -- hello -- klaatu May I see you for a minute ? helen I -- I be just go to lunch . klaatu ( quietly insistent ) May I walk out with you ? she be nervous and uneasy but obviously can not refuse . the telephone on she desk ring and helen turn to answer it . helen ( into phone ) Mrs. benson speak . ( recognize the voice , she glance nervously at klaatu ) oh , hello ... int . jewelry shop - mo . close shot it 's a rather swank shop . Tom be stand at the counter phone . the jeweler be behind the counter examine a stone through he eyepiece . tom ( into phone , cheerily ) I be at bleeker 's get a appraisal on that diamond . I think we might have lunch together . int . office - dept . of commerce - mo . close shot helen ( with a nervous glance at klaatu ) I -- I be afraid I can not -- not right now . can I talk to you later ?. yes , that will be fine . ' bye . she hang up and smile uneasily as she rejoin klaatu and lead the way out into the corridor . int . corridor - two shot camera move with helen and klaatu as they go down the corridor . klaatu 's mood be one of quiet tension . klaatu ( watch helen 's reaction ) I see Bobby this morning before he go to school -- helen ( glance at he apprehensively ) yes --? klaatu I want to know what he tell you last night . helen ( nervous and evasive ) I -- I do not really pay much attention -- ( with a nervous little laugh ) Bobby have such a active imagination . klaatu ( refuse to be put off ) do you believe what he tell you ? ( helen hesitates , trap by uncertainty ) I have a reason for ask this -- a very important reason . mo . shot they be approach the elevator at the end of the corridor . there be a large crowd of lunch - goer milling around the elevator , which be quickly fill . half the crowd be leave as the elevator door close and it descend . two shot - helen and klaatu nervous and distract , helen do not want to get catch up in this jam . helen there 's another elevator we can use -- she nod toward a side corridor and start for it , klaatu follow . mo . shot camera follows they as they turn into the side corridor . helen lead the way to a small , automatic elevator . she press the button and the door open . klaatu follow she in . int . elevator as helen press the first floor button , the door close and the elevator start down . she turn to face klaatu . helen ( she nerve raw and edgy ) what be it you want ? klaatu before I ask you to be honest with I , perhaps I should be completely honest with you -- without warning the elevator come to a jolting , jarring stop as the power be cut off and the light go out . the car be illuminate faintly and eerily by light that seep through the ventilate grill from a skylight in the shaft . helen be terrify . helen ( gasp with fright ) what happen ? klaatu ( a moment 's hesitation ; then he remember ) what time be it ? helen fumble to get she wrist watch into a faint beam of light . helen just twelve . klaatu we will be stick here for a little while -- about thirty minute . helen ( preoccupy with she own think ) we could try push the other button . ( digging in she purse ) I have a flashlight in my purse . klaatu it will not work . helen have the flashlight out and be snap it on , but it do not work . she look up at he blankly . helen why not ? klaatu ( after a moment , quietly ) you see -- the electricity 's be neutralize -- all over the world . the impact of this calm , quiet statement be shatter . helen stare at he awe-struck . then she speak numbly , almost inaudibly . helen Bobby be tell the truth -- be not he ? klaatu stare at she evenly , as we -- dissolve to : mo . shot - STREET all vehicular traffic in the street be at a dead stop . automobile , buss , trolley car -- all be stall . driver and passenger be climb out of the vehicle in utter bewilderment . except for the people , it be as though the street have be freeze in motion . int . CITY power plant the great generator and dynamo be silent and motionless in the dim , unlight plant . int . factory a huge automobile or airplane assembly line , with nothing move , no machinery go . int . pressroom - metropolitan newspaper the giant press be thread with newsprint , but they be silent and motionless . int . control room - radio station a couple of engineer be work feverishly over a huge and complicated control panel . they be work by the light of two incongruous and ineffectual candle . int . new york subway kiosk people carne pour up the stair wildly , feverishly anxious to escape the darkness below . they eye blink weakly in the unaccustom sunlight . ext . shot - new york STREET Cars , taxi and buss be stall , they frenzied driver unable to figure out what 's happen . a junk peddler with a break - down horse and wagon move grandly and leisurely through the stall vehicle . the peddler bear a happy grin of superiority . this be he moment of triumph over modern civilization . long shot - time square with all traffic stall . mo . close shot - time square of two cab driver whose taxi have stall beside each other in traffic . one have get out of he cab . the other be seat at he wheel , look around in awe and terror , he tough Manhattan heart shake . cab driver my ol ' lady be right . we shoulda get a place in the country . long shot - piccadilly circus - day with all traffic stall . ( it be about 5:00 p.m . ) two shot - two cockney stand on the sidewalk , awe -struck at the weird sight before they . one of they speak in terror , hardly dare to articulate he thought . cockney it 's that space man -- that 's wot it be . long shot - moscow STREET - dusk with all traffic stall . ( it be about 8:00 p.m . ) mo . close shot - two russian they be a elderly couple . stare bug-ey at the strange street scene , the woman mutter some terror-stricken comment in Russian . long shot - plaza . do LA concorde - day with traffic stall . ( it be about 5:00 p.m. ) close shot - french woman she be middle - age and there be tear of fright in she eye . she be mumble a prayer in french . dissolve to : int . barnhardt's study - day barnhardt be seat comfortably at he desk with a book on he lap . he have be interrupt by the entrance of hilda , he secretary . at the moment sheis beside herself with excitement . barnhardt watch she with a half - smile of secret amusement . he have already deduce the cause of what 's happen . hilda you should see it , Professor barnhardt ! you should go out and see it for yourself ! barnhardt thanks -- I be enjoy it right here . hilda the whole city have stop . people be run around like ant ! barnhardt ( muse admiringly on klaatu 's cleverness ) what a brilliant idea . I never would have think of it . hilda fling he a question look , annoyed that he will not share she excitement . barnhardt what about the people who be come to the meeting tonight ? have they all arrive ? hilda ( nodd ) I talk to most of they this morning ... they be all very curious about the meeting . barnhardt good . do you speak to we friend Mr. carpenter ? hilda ( nodd ) he will be there at 8:30 . barnhardt ( study she for a moment ) tell I , hilda -- do all this frighten you -- do it make you feel insecure ? hilda yes , sir -- it certainly do ! barnhardt ( nodd with a bland little smile ) that 's good , hilda . I be glad . the poor woman fling he a look of shocked amazement as we -- dissolve to : int . conference room - pentagon bldg . - day seat at a conference table be high -ranking officer of the Army , navy , Air Force and Marine Corps . there be the uneasy tension of people deal with unknown force . a Army Major General , who 's Chairman of the meeting , be speak . general -- as far as we can tell , all power 's be cut off everywhere -- with a few exception : hospital , plane in flight -- that sort of thing . I wish I could be more specific but , as you now , all communication be out telephone , radio , cable -- everything . ( gravely ) I can tell you that the President be prepare to declare a state of national emergency . ( pause to let this sink in ) before we start discuss plan , I want a report from Colonel Ryder . what about the robot , Colonel ? Ryder be a Colonel of engineer , a man about forty - five . colonel ryder when it be discover last night that the robot have move , I be direct by the Joint Chiefs to find a mean of immobilize he . we accomplish that this morning by encase he in a block of kl 93 . ( he hand a small block of plastic to the General ) it 's a new plastic material -- stronger than steel . general be it possible that he 's break out of this stuff ? colonel no , sir . I have just check on that . he 's lock up tight as a drum . general all right -- that mean we concentrate on the man . ( to the group with force and authority ) up till now we have agree on the desirability of capture this man alive . we can no longer afford to be so particular . we will get he alive , if possible -- but we must get he ! ( eye the group sternly ) be that clear ? dissolve to : int . jewelry shop - mo . close shot - tom and jeweler the shop and its glitter display case , which be brilliantly light in the previous scene , be now gloomy and dim . all artificial light be off . the jeweler be a bright - eye old man of seventy with a middle european accent . he be completely fascinate as he examine the diamond Tom have give he , and be annoyed by the lack of light . he speak impatiently to one of the girl in the shop who happen to pass by . jeweler Eleanor , do you call the electrician ? girl ( she 's not too bright ) I try , Mr. bleeker . but the phone do not work , either . jeweler ( absently , as he study the stone ) well , call the phone company . girl ( plaintively ) but the phone do not work . the jeweler give she a preoccupy glance of annoyance and turn back to the stone . tom be it worth anything ? jeweler I have never see such a stone . will you please tell I where it come from ? tom that 's what I want you to tell I . jeweler ( overwhelm and absorb by the stone , he shake he head , bewilder ) there be no diamond like this -- any place in the world . impress by the import of what the man be say , Tom 's mind be racing wildly . tom you sure about that ? jeweler ( eagerly , shrewdly ) would you like to sell it ? tom ( pick up the stone ) no -- no , thanks . jeweler I would give you a very good price . preoccupy with he own excited thought , Tom have already start for the door . dissolve to : int . elevator - two shot - klaatu and helen in the dim light of the stall elevator , klaatu be finish explain to helen the story of he mission . overwhelm by the staggering import of what he have tell she , helen be listen with great interest and concern . klaatu ( speak gravely ) -- I have already tell you more than I tell Professor barnhardt , because my life , in a sense , be in you hand . I think if you know the fact you would appreciate the importance of my not be -- apprehend , -- before the meeting tonight . helen be stare at he in awe , but also in complete admiration and sympathy . helen yes , of course . of course I do . klaatu smile at she warmly and she manage to return the smile . they relationship be further cement by the share of this vital secret . helen ( study he face anxiously ) you hold great hope for this meeting . klaatu I can see no other hope for you planet . if the meeting should fail , then I be afraid there be no hope . suddenly and without warning , the elevator start move and the light go on . startle , helen look at he . klaatu ( calmly ) it must be twelve-thirty . helen ( look at she watch , then back at he , awe -struck ) yes -- just exactly . STREET - mo . shot - day show a section of street traffic as it come back to life . from everywhere come the sound of self -starter . trolley bell start clanging . then automobile horn . people climb back into there vehicle and traffic start to move . series of cut of other street , as the strident sound of traffic build up and normalcy be regain . int . lobby - department of commerce bldg - mo . shot - day as helen and klaatu come out of the elevator and start across the lobby , camera holding on they . helen be preoccupy with concern for klaatu 's safety . helen where be you go now ? klaatu back to the boardinghouse . I will be safe there for the afternoon -- and I can keep a eye on Bobby . he 's the only other person who know anything about -- this recall to helen something she have forget and she stop in sudden concern . helen no , wait a minute -- there 's someone else . klaatu who ? helen Tom ... he be there last night when Bobby tell I what he see . the look of concern on klaatu 's face heighten helen 's overwhelming fear and uncertainty . helen ( worriedly ) of course , he do not know anything definite . he would talk to I first , anyway , before -- ( interrupt herself in sudden decision ) we can not take that chance . I will get in touch with he right away and make sure . helen turn and start determinedly for the lobby door , follow by klaatu , as we -- dissolve to : int . telephone booth helen be nervous and worried as she speak into the phone . helen ( into phone ) -- but I have get to talk to he . it 's terribly important . when be he come back ? int . tom' outer office - close shot - secretary Tom 's secretary have not yet recover from the shock of what have happen to the world . secretary I do not know , Mrs. benson . he leave before noon -- before that awful electric business . I be scared to death , Mrs. benson . I -- no , he would not tell I where he be go . Said it be something personal . int . telephone booth helen tell he I want to see he the minute he get in ... no , I will call back . helen hang up , thoroughly worried and distraught now . dissolve to : insert - newspaper headline the headline read : world - wide power jammed president declare emergency step up hunt for space man . dissolve to : ext . airport - mo . shot - day at passenger load gate . a group of passenger be hold back as soldier close the gate to the runway , prevent they board they plane . the passenger mill about in consternation as a voice be hear over a p.a. system . voice attention , please .... all flight from National Airport have be cancel until further notice .. all flight from this airport have be cancel . dissolve to : int . railroad station - mo . shot at train gate - day m.p. 's be block the gate lead to train and ticket taker be busy explain matter and remonstrate with irate ticket holder . dissolve to : ext . bus depot - mo . shot - day passenger be be herde off a load bus that be prepare to leave the depot . dissolve to : ext . roadblock on highway - mo . shot the Army have throw a roadblock across a main highway on the outskirt of the city and be permit no one to leave . from the line of halt car we see and the insistent honk of horn we hear , we get the impression of hundred of car stack up . dissolve to : int . tom' outer office - full shot - dusk it be 6:00 p.m. and grow dark outside , but the light be not on . the office be small and unpretentious , the business habitat of a man who work in a big insurance agency . Tom 's secretary be on the phone , reflect the world - wide terror of the moment . secretary ( into phone , nervous and jittery ) -- honest , Mary , I be so scared I can not sit still . I would like to run some place , but I do not know where to go -- ( hearing the door open , she cut off ) ' bye now . the corridor door open and Tom enter with a air of urgency . tom call the Pentagon and find out who 's in charge of this space man business . whoever it be I want to talk to he . the secretary have a reaction of surprise , but she manage to stop Tom at he door . he have flip on the light in pass . secretary Mrs. benson 's be try to get you all afternoon . she say it 's important . tom get this other call first . Tom disappear into he office , close the door . the secretary be get out a telephone directory when the corridor door open and helen enter , tense and nervous . secretary oh , Mrs. benson -- he just walk in . ( misery love company ) be you nervous , too ? helen yes , I be , Margaret . the secretary buzze the intercom and speak into it . secretary Mrs. benson be here . ( turn to helen ) go on in . helen be start for the door when it open and Tom appear . helen Tom -- I have be try to get you all afternoon -- tom ( preoccupy with he own excitement ) come on in . int . tom' private office - full shot as Tom follow helen inside and close the door . he turn to she , he voice tense with excitement . tom I have get some terrific news about you friend , Mr. carpenter . helen ( try to appear calm ) what about he ? tom helen , he 's the man from the space ship ! ( she eye he evenly , apprehensively , as he hurry on ) I have that diamond check at three different place . nobody on earth 's ever see a stone like that ! after what Bobby tell we , that 's enough for I . why be it nobody know anything about he ? why have not he get any money ? helen ( evenly , with quiet tension ) all right , Tom -- it 's true . I know it 's true . tom how do you know ? helen never mind about that . ( urgently , with great concern ) you have get to promise I you will not say a word to anybody . tom be you crazy ? after what happen today ? helen you do not understand . you do not realize how important it be . tom ( impatiently ) important ? of course it 's important . the point be we can do something about it . helen that 's what I be try to tell you . we must not do anything about it . believe I , Tom , I know what I be talk about . tom ( irritate by she opposition ) he 's a menace to the whole world ! it 's we duty to turn he in . helen ( desperately ) but he be not a menace ! he tell I what he come here for . tom ( dismiss this with annoyed contempt ) he tell you ... do not be silly , honey -- just because you like the guy . ( busy with he own thought ) you realize what this would mean for we ? I would be the biggest man in the country . I could write my own ticket . helen ( eyeing he coldly ) be that what you be think about ? tom ( guiltily , defensive ) why not ? somebody 's get to get rid of he . they be interrupt by the sharp sound of the interoffice buzzer . helen I be not go to let you do it , tom. ( with deep personal urgency ) believe I , this be literally the most important thing in the world . Tom pick up the phone and answer it . tom ( into phone ) yes ?... what 's he name , Margaret ? General cutler ? ( disappointed that the connection be not complete ) all right , I will hold on . realizing what he 's do , helen cross to he , plead wildly , desperately . helen Tom , you must not -- ! you do not know what you be do ! it be not just you and Mr. carpenter . the rest of the world , be involved ! tom ( exasperate ) I do not care about the rest of the world ! it be as though he have slap she across the face . suddenly he have reveal himself , naked and distasteful . feeling guilty as he see the contempt and revulsion in she eye , he try the old charm , hold he hand over the phone . tom you will feel different when you see my picture in the papers . helen ( stare at he starkly ) I feel different right now . tom ( uneasily ) you wait and see . you be go to marry a big hero ! helen I be not go to marry anybody . she turn and run quickly out of the room . Tom 's inclination be to follow she , when he connection be complete . tom ( into phone ) hello , General cutler ? ( irritate ) no , I do not want to speak to he aide . I want to speak to the General . tell he it 's about the space man ... my name be Tom Stevens . s-t-e-v-e - n - s. dissolve to : ext . office build - mo . shot - dusk helen hurry out of the building , hail a cab , get into it and the cab drive off . int . tom' office - close shot - tom Tom now have General cutler on the phone . tom ( into phone ) that 's right , General . that 's where he 's stay ... yes , of course I be sure . int . general cutler' office - pentagon bldg . the General be on the phone and be make note . there be a couple of officer stand near he desk , a Colonel and a Lieutenant Colonel . general cutler ( after listen for a moment ) thank you very much , Mr. Stevens . I will want to talk to you further but I have not time now . ( hang up and turn to Colonel ) deploy all Zone 5 unit accord to plan B -- immediately . the Colonel nod and start out of the room , as we -- dissolve to : int . taxi - mo . close shot - helen - night the cab be travel through city traffic . nervous and edgy , helen glance at she watch impatiently . ext . STREET - mo . shot a jeep fill with armed soldier be move down the street at a fast clip . behind the jeep be a Army staff car . mo . close - shot - staff car shoot from outside into the car . in the front seat beside the driver be a full Colonel , wear helmet and side -arm . the car be move swiftly through traffic as the Colonel speak into the transmitter of a radio . mo . close shot - command and reconnaissance car it be fill with soldier wear helmet and carry rifle and Tommy gun . it be travel quite fast . a soldier with a handy - talkie transmit a order to the driver . mo . long shot - STREET the c. and R. car be see to be at the head of a convoy of eight Army vehicle which be move swiftly down the street . the truck be fill with armed soldier . mo . long shot - another STREET on this street also a armed convoy be racing by , head by a Jeep mount a .30 caliber machine gun . mo . long shot - another STREET on this street also a convoy roll by . ext . STREET corner - mo . shot helen 's cab round the corner into the boardinghouse street . camera pan with cab as it draw up in front of the boardinghouse . the cab wait as helen jump out and run up the step to the front door . a couple of child be play jump -rope in the light of a street lamp . ext . moving - staff car - mo . close shot shoot in at the Colonel as he issue a order into the radio . mo . shot - army convoy camera follows the rear of the convoy as it race down a main thoroughfare . as the convoy reach each intersection , the last vehicle peel off the column and , turn into the side street . mo . shot another convoy racing down another street , the rear vehicle peel off at the intersection as in previous scene . mo . shot - intersection follow one of the vehicle after it have peel off into a side street . it turn around in the side street and draw up face the intersection , its motor still run . we get the impression of a methodical plan to block off each street . ) ext . boardinghouse - mo . shot as klaatu and helen come hurry down the step and pile into the wait taxi . the kid play jump-rope stop and watch as the door be close and the cab pull out , disappear as it make a right turn at the end of the street . ext . STREET corner near boardinghouse - mo . shot ( this be opposite end of street from last shot . ) barrel across the intersection into the boardinghouse street be the jeep follow by the Colonel 's staff car . ext . boardinghouse STREET - mo . shot as the Jeep and staff car pull up in front of the board house , the soldier in the jeep pile out and cover the entrance to the house . meanwhile the Colonel , still in the staff car , be talk to the two kid play out front . they chatter excitedly , point in the direction take by the cab . int . staff cab - close shot - colonel he speak into he radio in tone of clipped and quiet efficiency . the car remain stand at the curb . colonel ( into radio ) attention , Zone 5 ... yellow cab , move north on B from ninth Street . man and woman in back seat . get the license number and report . int . taxi - full shot the cab 's move through traffic at a normal speed . klaatu and helen be tense and nervous . int . taxi - full shot the cab 's move through traffic at a normal speed . klaatu and helen be tense and nervous . klaatu I be sure barnhardt can arrange to hide I until the meeting . helen where be the meeting go to be ? klaatu at the ship . close shot - cab driver as he look out to he leave , approach a intersection . from driver 's viewpoint . a c. and R. car be park in the side street , face the intersection , its occupant armed and helmete . close shot - cab driver abreast of the intersection now , he look to he right . ext . STREET intersection - mo . shot shoot over the rear of a jeep which be halt in a side street face the intersection . the cab cross the intersection and the jeep driver squint to catch its number . then he pick up he radio and speak into the transmitter . int . staff car - close shot - colonel ( the car be still in front of the boardinghouse . ) the Colonel listen to he radio for a moment , then speak into he transmitter . colonel ( into radio ) attention , Zone 5 ... license number of target vehicle be W 4936 ... all vehicle maintain you position -- and hold you fire . int . taxi - mo . close shot shoot at the driver , over the shoulder of klaatu and helen , as he turn and point out the Army vehicle to they with a shrug of bewilderment . they look ahead at the intersection they be approach . close shot - helen look ahead out of she side of the cab , at the intersection . mo . shot - intersection from helen 's viewpoint . there be a Army vehicle wait in the side street . close shot - klaatu as he look out of he side of the cab . mo . shot - intersection in this side street , too , a Army vehicle be stand . two shot - helen and klaatu they eye meet for a moment , neither willing to conjecture what this might mean . the very quietness of the operation be ominous and menace . they face show grave concern . int . staff car - close shot - colonel colonel ( into radio ) attention , Zone 5 -- report when target vehicle pass you position . ext . taxi mo . close shot shoot through the window at helen and klaatu , who be grow more tense and nervous . mo . shot - intersection shoot over the back of a jeep mount a machine gun as the cab pass the intersection . the driver pick up he radio and report into it . mo . close shot - weapon carrier shoot through the windshield as the driver report by radio , he eye shifting to follow the move cab . int . taxi - two shot - helen and klaatu helen be bite she lip nervously . she steal a sidelong glance at klaatu to find he stare ahead , deeply preoccupy and concerned . helen ( try to give he encouragement ) it 's only a few block to barnhardt 's . klaatu I be worried about gort . I be afraid of what he might do -- if anything should happen to I . helen gort ? ( puzzle ) but he 's a robot . I mean -- without you , what could he do ? klaatu ( slowly ) there 's no limit to what he could do . he could destroy the Earth . ( with great urgency ) if anything should happen to I , you must go to gort . you must give he this message : " klaatu barada nikto . " please repeat that . helen ( shocked and bewilder , she repeat nervously ) " klaatu barada nikto . " klaatu ( gravely ) remember that word . helen nod , repeat the word soundlessly . series of cut of vehicle driver report by radio as they eye follow the progress of the taxi . ( this should be shot so we do not hear what be say . ) close shot - colonel in staff car listen to this report . then he speak into he transmitter with quiet tension . colonel ( into radio ) attention , Zone 5 ... section number 2 -- block off tenth Street at Massachusetts . all vehicle close in . the Colonel motion to he driver and the staff car pull out . ext . STREET - mo . shot as a convoy of eight vehicle move down the street go very fast and swing around a corner . series of cut of individual vehicle that have be wait at intersection , as they pull out and down the main street to converge on the taxi . mo . shot at a major intersection , as the convoy of eight vehicle previously see dash through the intersection and stop . the car quickly arrange themselves so that they form a roadblock , completely sealing off the street . int . taxi shoot over the driver 's shoulder . the cab be proceeding down the street . when the road block come into range of its headlight . the driver , who have be get uneasy , turn to face he fare accusingly . driver hey , what 's this all about ? as he slow he cab down , helen lean forward into scene . frenzied , she be about to urge the driver on when klaatu put a restrain hand on she shoulder . ext . STREET - mo . shot shoot down the street from the barricade , as the taxi stop . Army car be close in behind the taxi , so it be trap . the cab door oven and klaatu step out , make a run for the entrance to a pedestrian underpass . mo . close shot - jeep it be one of the lead vehicle in the group come up behind the taxi . it mount a .30 caliber machine gun and , with the Jeep still move , the gunner fire a burst at klaatu . mo . close shot - rifleman he 's on one of the vehicle that form the barricade . he take a bead on the run figure of klaatu and fire . close shot - klaatu he have almost reach the underpass . his hand be on the railing when he slump to the ground , badly hit . in a moment , helen rush into scene , drop down to hold klaatu 's head in she arm . he look up at she with a feeble smile . then he face take on a expression of urgency . klaatu ( weakly , insistently ) get that message to gort . right away -- klaatu be unable to say any more . he be dead . helen look around wildly , helplessly , with tear and terror in she eye . mo . shot as the soldier pile out of they vehicle and close in on the place where klaatu lie . he be they first and all - important concern , and helen find herself push out of the way , toward the edge of the grow crowd of soldier . close shot shock and , staggered by what 's happen , she realize she must get to gort . take advantage of the milling confusion in the dark , she edge toward the pedestrian underpass until she can slip into its entrance without be notice . and she disappear . dissolve to : int . build enclosing space ship - mo . shot - gort - night in the eerie light of the huge building , the great robot stand encase in a solid block of clear , transparent plastic . as camera move in slowly , we hear a low whirring sound , as of power be generate . a faint glow , visible through the plastic , emanate from gort 's body . his eye , which seem to express rage , shift as though he be strain to break out . as the whirring sound and the glow of gort 's body increase in intensity , the sharp edge at the top of the ice - like block melt into roundness and the plastic start to drip away . ( about 150 fold chair be arrange on the floor near the space ship for the meeting tonight . ) ext . build - mo . close shot - two soldier the whirring sound can be hear faintly from inside . the two soldier stand guard at the door hear the sound and listen apprehensively . the two man exchange a uneasy glance . after hesitate a moment , one of they decide to investigate . he turn and go inside the door . int . build - mo . close shot - the soldier as he stop and look up at the robot , he eye go wide with terror . close shot - gort gort be a awesome and terrifying sight . his head be free now and he seem to be strain against the plastic , which be drip down the side of the block . close shot - soldier he glance around nervously to see that he companion have enter the building and be stare up at the robot , bug - eye . slowly the second soldier move up beside the first . wordlessly , they bring they rifle up to the ready and click they off safety . in spite of they terror , they advance slowly toward the robot . close shot - gort the whirring sound be ominous and he body glow brightly . and he eye be fix on the two advance figure . mo . close shot - two soldier as they move toward gort . close shot - gort from inside he come a new and terribly sharp crackle . sound . and from he eye two pencil of light dart out . after a moment the crackle sound stop and the light go off . reverse shot from same angle as scene before last . but the two soldier have utterly disappear . full shot as gort resume break out of the plastic . there be no sign of the two soldier . ext . mall - mo . close shot - helen - night hurrying along a footpath , nervous and distraught , she pause for a moment , look at the entrance of the building . then she start determinedly across the grass toward the entrance . mo . shot panning with helen as she approach the entrance fearfully . rallying all she courage and determination , she force herself to step inside . int . build - mo . close shot - helen as she enter the huge , weirdly light building . she stop short as she glance fall on the awesome figure of gort . loneliness and terror grip she and she want to run -- but she realize she can not . mo . close shot - gort he have see helen and he flash eye bore into she . his upper body and arm be free now , and the plastic be rapidly melting away . close shot - helen she be hold fascinate by the robot 's stare eye . for another moment it look as if she would , break and run . but she summon all she courage , and move slowly toward gort , whose leg be still hold captive . mo . shot - helen and gort as she move slowly , fearfully toward he . mo . close shot - gort the plastic be drip off he leg now . with great effort , he pull he leg free and step out of the stuff . a huge figure in the heavy shadow , he move slowly and menacingly toward helen . mo . close shot - helen as she stop advance , roote to the spot in fear . then she start back away , keep she eye on he . mo . shot - helen and gort as the great , hulk figure approach , helen can not stand she ground . she turn and run wildly toward the far end of the building . gort follow she with unhurry , inescapable stride . unwittingly , helen have run into a corner , and the robot be close in on she . mo . close shot - helen her eye go wide with terror as she realize she 's trap . in a wild effort to run around he , she stumble and fall to the floor . immobilize with fright , she lie breathless , look up at he . then she give a pierce scream . two shot - helen and gort as the great robot bend over she menacingly , arm outstretch as though to grab or smash she . close shot - helen all hope go , she be bless with a moment of lucidity , and she remember the message klaatu tell she to deliver . helen gort --! ( with desperate clarity ) klaatu -- barada -- nikto . close shot - gort he pause as he hear the word . his face do not change expression , but the word obviously have a effect on he . he hesitates thoughtfully for a moment . two shot - helen and gort helen watch he in a agony of suspense . then the robot slowly bend down , pick she up in he arm and start walk toward the space ship . mo . shot panning with gort as he carry helen , speechless with fright , to the side of the ship . he touch the side , and the ramp move slightly out . he mount the ramp , still carry helen , and disappear into the ship with she . and the ramp close silently behind they . int . SMALL corridor - space ship camera follows as gort carry helen through the dimly light corridor into the main cabin , where he flip a switch that light up the cabin . the robot proceed to a small door lead off the main cabin and disappear with helen inside it . int . SMALL cabin - full shot this be reveal as a weirdly equip laboratory , the wall of which be line with the most complex array of mechanical and electronic apparatus . gort set helen down on a stool and indicate for she to stay there . too terrify to move , helen watch as he busy himself with the apparatus . he start flipping switch and turn dial . as a result , light begin to flash and there 's a strange series of mechanical noise . close shot - helen unable to guess the reason for this preparation , she be grip with a terrible fear . full shot ignoring helen completely , gort finish he work . then he move to the door and go out , close the door behind he . helen rush to the door and search frantically for the knob -- only to find , to she terror , that there be none . frenziedly she beat on the solid metal door . ext . space ship - mo . shot as the ramp come down and gort step out . with grim , determine stride he start toward the entrance of the building as the ramp silently close . dissolve to : int . police precinct station - night the Colonel who be in charge of klaatu 's apprehension be speak into a phone at the desk of the Police sergeant . stand by be three or four Army officer , among they a Captain and a Lieutenant . colonel ( into phone ) yes , sir , we have get the body here now . downstair in a cell ... no question about it , General -- he 's dead all right ... yes , sir . yes -- I understand . the General have apparently hang up and the Colonel do likewise , turn to the officer in the room . colonel General cutler 's come down here right away . ( to the Lieutenant ) take a squad of man , Lieutenant , and post a guard around that cell . ( to Captain ) Captain , do not let anyone in or out of the building . the two officer mutter they " yes , sir " and start off about they business . dissolve to : int . jail corridor - night a squad of armed soldier , lead by the lieutenant , be admit to the corridor by a Police guard and they start march down the corridor toward a cell at the far end . int . cell - police station this be a cell on the ground floor . in the far wall be a heavily bar window , beyond which be as alley . in f.g. be klaatu 's foot , stretch out on a crude table . as camera hold , the huge figure of gort appear outside the bar window , see klaatu , he reach up and yank out the steel bar as though they be chicken wire . with a crush blow of he knee he crumble the brick and mortar below the window and step inside the cell . he move without interruption toward the body of klaatu . int . jail corridor hear the sound of clatter metal and mortar , the soldier race down the corridor toward the cell . mo . shot shoot over the back of the soldier as they reach the cell and look inside . there they see the giant robot pick up the body of klaatu and start deliberately toward the gape hole in the side of the building . they raise they weapon and fire at gort , but the bullet have no effect on he . continue uninterruptedly , he step over the debris and disappear , carry klaatu in he arm . dissolve to : int . space ship build - mo . shot as gort enter the empty building , still carry the body of klaatu . camera pan with he as he stride over to the ship . the ramp open and gort go inside . then the ramp close after he . int . laboratory cabin in space ship alone in the cabin , helen be still terrify . she look up , startle as the door open and gort enter , carry klaatu 's body over to a long counter . once again he start fiddling with knob , switch and dial . as helen watch , speechless , he start to fasten strange - look electrode to klaatu 's wrist and ankle . ext . police precinct station - night shoot from the outside , near the front entrance to the building , through a window into the main room where the Police sergeant 's desk be . the Lieutenant who be order to guard klaatu 's cell be excitedly report to the Colonel how gort break in and take klaatu 's body . considerably agitate , the Colonel snap order to the other officer , glance at he watch and motion for the Lieutenant to follow he . he and the Lieutenant cross to the door and camera pan with they as they come outside the building , hurry down the step and get into a staff car . several other Army vehicle join the staff car as it roar away from the curb . dissolve to : int . space ship build - mo . shot - night a good many of the 150 chair be fill , and more guest be still arrive . there be no one to greet they at the door , so they wander in and seat themselves . int . laboratory in space ship gort be still work over the body of klaatu . from a socket in the wall he pull a strange - look hypodermic needle on the end of a cord or tube and give klaatu a shot in the arm . close shot - helen as she watch , fascinate in spite of she terror . full shot gort fiddle with the dial again and there be electrical crackling and sputtering . suddenly he flip a switch and all sound cease . gort remove the electrode and watch klaatu . camera move in on klaatu and we see he start to breathe . in a moment he eyelid flutter . then he eye open and he look around . mo . close shot as klaatu slowly lift himself to a sit position . helen watch breathlessly as he glance around the room , as though to orient himself . then he lower he foot to the floor and stand up . he blink uncertainly , then smile at they . klaatu ( with a grateful glance at gort , he turn to helen ) hello . helen ( stare at he ) I -- I think you be -- klaatu ( nodd , with a smile ) I be . helen ( look at gort in awe ) you mean he have the power of life and death ? klaatu no -- that be a power reserve to the almighty Spirit . klaatu ( indicate the equipment gort use ) this technique , in certain case , can re-stimulate life for a limited period . it 's a refinement of scientific principle know to you own people . helen ( concerned for he ) but how -- how long --? klaatu how long will I live ? ( he shrug ) that no one can say . klaatu move one of the slide panel and reach for a suit of he " other world " clothing from behind the panel . with a nod of apology , he step behind the panel to change . ext . build - mo . shot - night shoot from the door . in f.g. barnhardt , who have just arrive , be greeting several friend outside the door . in b.g. a staff car and three or four other Army vehicle be drive up . mo . shot - army vehicle as the convoy pull up to a halt in front of the building , the Colonel hurry out of the staff car and move over to barnhardt . barnhardt be motion he friend into the building as the Colonel come up to he . two shot - colonel and barnhardt the Colonel speak to barnhardt with deference but with unyield authority . colonel I be sorry , Professor barnhardt -- I have to ask you to call off this meeting . barnhardt call it off ? I ... but I have permission from the Army -- colonel I know you do . but the robot on the loose now and it be not safe around here . you will have to get you friend out of that building . int . space ship - two shot - klaatu and helen as klaatu step out from behind the slide panel where he have change into he " other world " tunic . klaatu gort and I will be leave soon . helen be genuinely upset at the think of he leave and the knowledge that he be to die . there be a compelling warmth of feel between this two . helen ( simply , sincerely ) we will miss you very much -- Bobby and i. ( smile to conceal she real feeling ) he will not have anyone to play with . klaatu he will have you -- and Tom . helen ( quietly -- definitely ) no . that 's all finish . klaatu I be sorry . helen ( she be sensible and objective , but not unfeel ) I think I be very lucky . you do not always get a chance to recognize a mistake before you make it . klaatu look at she in warm , consider admiration . then he move to one side of the cabin and flip a switch . suddenly a entire section of the side wall be make transparent . through it , as through a screen , we can see out into the building . most of the chair be already occupy , and latecomer be still move in through the door . facing the group , on a little dais , be barnhardt . as klaatu and helen watch , barnhardt rap for order and begin to speak . his voice come in the ship through a speaker . barnhardt lady and gentlemen -- int . build - mo . close shot - barnhardt he address they gravely , with a note of terrible disappointment in he voice . barnhardt I call you from you work and from you home all over the world because we be to meet here tonight with a man from another planet -- the man who come here in this ship . ( there be audible exclamation of surprise and disappointment ) as you all know , this be no longer possible . I can only say that I share the bitterness of you disappointment . intercut with the above be group and individual shot of the people in the meeting . they be the cream of Earth 's intellectual -- scientist , churchman , educator , leader of social and political think . there be several woman among they . there be turbane Indians , chinese , japanese , several negroes . all religion be represent . every important world power be represent . int . MAIN cabin - space ship klaatu and helen be watch and listen , as the last sentence of barnhardt 's speech above come over the speaker . klaatu flip off the switch , which cut off the view of the meeting and also barnhardt 's voice . at this moment gort move across the cabin and klaatu speak to he . klaatu gort -- berengo . gort move off obediently . int . build - mo . close shot - barnhardt full of chagrin , he continue address the meeting . barnhardt -- under the circumstance , the Army people have ask we to leave the building . and , since they concern be for we safety , I can do nothing but suggest that we comply -- barnhardt be interrupt by the sudden and unexpected appearance of the ramp , silently open out of the side of the space ship . mo . shot - barnhardt's audience as they react in startle amazement to the mysterious appearance of the ramp . then , as they watch , there be a sudden gasp of terror . mo . shot - at ship as gort appear on the ramp and walk slowly down to the ground . in a moment , klaatu and helen appear at the entrance of the ship . helen come down the ramp to join barnhardt , while klaatu remain at the head of the ramp . mo . close shot colonel and soldier the Colonel stand near the door , flanke by a group of soldier , they rifle at the ready . the Colonel be startle by what he see . his eye be on the revere figure of klaatu and he 's debate what he should do . mo . close shot - klaatu he be a figure of intense dignity in he impressive otherworld tunic . he stare with even defiance at the armed soldier , as though hold they off by sheer weight of he personality . he turn to look out at the audience , which be hold spellbound . then , after a breathless moment , he speak . klaatu ( straightforwardly , with almost stern authority ) I be leave soon and you will forgive I if I speak bluntly . ( he pause , study the face ) the Universe grow smaller every day -- and the threat of aggression by any group -- anywhere -- can no longer be tolerate . mo . close shot - in audience of three of the delegate , listen intently . ( this three be from Russia , India and France . ) klaatuss voice ( over scene ) there must be security for all -- or no one be secure ... this do not mean give up any freedom except the freedom to act irresponsibly . close shot - a delegate he be a american . klaatuss voice ( over scene ) you ancestor know this when they make law to govern themselves -- and hire policeman to enforce they . close shot - klaatu klaatu we of the other planet have long accept this principle . we have a organization for the mutual protection of all planet -- and for the complete elimination of aggression . a sort of United Nations on the planetary level ... the test of any such higher authority , of course , be the police force that support it . for we policeman , we create a race of robot -- ( indicate gort ) they function be to patrol the planet -- in space ship like this one -- and preserve the peace . in matter of aggression we have give they absolute power over we . mo . close shot - gort emphasize he great size and inscrutable expression . the normal blink of he pierce eye as he gaze imperturbably at the audience be he only movement . klaatuss voice ( over scene ) at the first sign of violence they act automatically against the aggressor . and the penalty for provoking they action be too terrible to risk . close shot - klaatu klaatu the result be that we live in peace , without arm or army , secure in the knowledge that we be free from aggression and war -- free to pursue more profitable enterprise . ( after a pause ) we do not pretend to have achieve perfection -- but we do have a system -- and it work . ( with straightforward candor ) I come here to give you the fact . it be no concern of ours how you run you own planet -- but if you threaten to extend you violence , this Earth of yours will be reduce to a burn - out cinder . quick reaction cut of four delegate , reflect they stark terror and bewilderment . and a cut of the Colonel and the soldier , impressed and hold by what klaatu be say . mo . close shot - klaatu camera move slowly as he conclude quietly , incisively . klaatu you choice be simple . join we and live in peace . or pursue you present course -- and face obliteration . ( after a pause ) we will be wait for you answer . decision rest with you . by the time he read the last line , the camera have move into a big head closeup . mo . shot - the delegete camera move along a row of they face , stunne and silent , they mind unable to cope with the enormity of what they have hear . mo . shot camera move in on klaatu as he be say goodbye to barnhardt and helen . he turn then and speak to gort , glance up at the building as he do so . klaatu gort -- veracto . close shot - gort he look up at the roof of the building , and once again we hear the peculiar generate sound from within he . mo . long shot include the delegate , the space ship , everything that be inside the building . as we watch , the roof and wall of the temporary structure suddenly disintegrate as the tank do in the open . the entire layout -- delegate , space ship and all -- remain exactly as they be except that instead of be under a roof they be out in the open mall under a starry sky . the area be ringed with the debris of the building . mo . shot at ship klaatu be stand at the head of the ramp as gort come up the ramp and disappear inside the ship . klaatu be nodd goodbye to barnhardt and helen . two shot - barnhardt and helen as they wave to klaatu . barnhardt be move and impressed , and helen 's face show she emotion at this strange parting . close shot - klaatu he nod and smile at they with warm affection . then he turn and disappear into the ship , and the ramp close behind he . mo . shot - the space ship from inside the ship come the muffle roar of great power generate -- not the sound of earthly motor , but of a tremendous dynamo . mo . shot - the delegete watch breathless , stunne by what they have hear and see . mo . long shot - the ship as the sound from inside it build to a climax , the great ship take off with a tremendous roar . reaction cut of delegete all be deeply move and impressed . in the mind of each be the burn question that klaatu have pose for they . long shot - the ship as it soar away into the inky blackness of the outer space from which it come . fade out : the end