the mechanic written by Karl gajdusek &amp ; Lewis John carlino draft : 07/17/2009 " please to meet you , hope you guess my name but what 's puzzle you , be the nature of my game . " the Rolling Stones , 1968 1. int . bishop' study - night close on the needle of a precision - weight 33rpm turntable . it come down , touch vinyl . the Rolling Stones " Sympathy for the Devil " purr out ... arthur bishop ( 40' ) sitting in a comfortable wooden chair , stare right through we . lean , hard , in perfect physical shape . in this moment , carry the stillness of someone utterly in balance . for all we know , he 's be sit this way for hour . bishop ( v.o . ) every man have a death that 's right for he . every one . reverse to find a wall of photograph , chart , official document . in the center a photograph of a man , mid - 40' , East -indian , dress like the billionaire he be . dodi fay meet Bill Gates . the MARK . bishop ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) for every man , there 's a way to leave this earth which be so right for they , it 's almost as if they carry it with they . moving over the wall . more photograph . the Mark escort from a bullet - proof sedan by ear- wire man . entertain at a palatial estate . Magazine cover : " the billion - dollar lifestyle . " " the new playboy . " ... pass over smaller article : " what do this man do with you money ? " bishop ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) when the right death overtake a man , there will be grief in that who know he , but there will also be a sense of inevitability . because they will know , that of course ... close on bishop . statue-like , except he eye which dart across the wall in front of he , make connection ... ext . rural racetrack - day vintage race car speed by , a blur of color . but all we hear be the Rolling Stones ' song . and ... bishop ( v.o . ) ... of course , this be always go to happen this way . whomp ! the SOUND of the race flood in as the car blow by , revealing Bishop amidst onlooker , watch , calculate . 2 . bishop be p.o.v. : two car tangle in a corner , spin to a stop , crush a half - million in beautiful restore antique . the Mark climb from he wreck , toss he helmet , piss . Bishop raise a camera , take a picture . ext . bishop' study - day Bishop at he wall again , this time actively engage , work it . a picture of the Mark in he vintage car go up , underneath , Bishop tack a stat page : " fatality in auto accident by type of impact . head on , side rear , ... " off to the side , bank statement , cash transfer . Saudi Arabia . Chechnya . United arab emirate . Bishop tack more photo up . the Mark , get off a private plane , the Mark , play polo ... ext . polo ground - day whack ! a Rider slam a ball forward , spur he horse onwards , bear down on the ball ... and slam ! another Rider come in from the side , send the man crash off he horse . the second man , the Mark , take a second to gloat over he fall opponent before charging onwards . in the stand . Bishop watch , take a note on a pad . int . bishop' study - day Bishop keep work , the wall completely cover now . list of possible death have be order , drawback circle . Bishop scan over various magazine cover feature the Mark . one with a vintage hunt rifle sling low in he arm , unbroken . " american dream or american nightmare ? " Bishop stare at this . eye move over the wall , accident stat , a copy of a hunt - club reprimand ... he 's arrive . int . riverway - night Bishop stand in front of a move riverway , he body sheathed in a black slicksuit , backpack on . he slip into the water and start to swim . we stay with Bishop as he swim hard , powerfully , not tiring . finally , we pull away , across mile of water , realize this be what Bishop will swim without stop . 3. ext . island shore - night a pair of armed security patrol a wood shore . one lift a pair of binocular , scan the shore as behind they , a form move from behind a tree , blend into the wood . on bishop . move fast , silent , towards a lit structure in the distance ... int . hideaway - night black . the sense that someone be in here with we ... a low GREEN glow illuminate Bishop in a tiny , cramped , compartment . no way to know what or where . the glow , come from he watch , illuminate he face , cramme and claustrophobic . a eye check the time , the light go out . just the sound of he breathe ... ext . sport club wood - morning crack ! crack ! plume of smoke rise from the end of vintage hunt rifle . game bird scatter into the air . dog bark , tear through underbrush . men dress in traditional hunt livery move through foggy wood , follow by steward . this be old school hunt , old school weapon . camera find the Mark , raise he weapon , sight ... blam ! a pheasant fall , dog race after it . the Mark start forward but be interrupt by he steward remind he to break he weapon as the other hunter have . the Mark push the man back , ignore he , hurry on . at a small distance , two unhappy private security guard follow . int . hideaway - no time blackness . a soft beeping , almost inaudible . a low rustle of cloth , then the green glow illuminate Bishop 's face as he check the time again . have not move in hour . ext . sport club wood - morning the Mark stumble forward , over - eager to get to he prize . he 's work he way ahead of the field . the mist have grow thicker . human form move on all side , hard to distinguish . crack ! crack ! gun go off around they . dog rush by . the Mark bring the weapon to he face ... blam !! the shot echoe through the foggy wood . 4. int . sporting club - day the Mark , pleased with himself as always , burst into the lodge , gun over he shoulder . a round of applause as he steward hold up the morning 's catch . he push on into the locker room as one security take station at the door . the second emerge from the locker , have just do he sweep . int . locker room , sporting club - day the Mark lean he vintage hunt rifle against the wall , open he locker . he kick off he boot , pull off he shirt . take a second to rub he face with he hand . it can be exhaust be he . behind the Mark , a locker door open and close . like a ghost do it . he do not sense a thing , reach for he weapon , accidentally knock it to the side . it land , hard . the Mark wince , half expect it to fire . but no . he start to lean down for it when another man 's glove hand reach it first . the Mark smile down at the well - dress man crouch by the gun , a little confuse . Bishop look up , smile back . he put out a glove hand . before the Mark can consider , he 's take Bishop 's hand . Bishop hold tight . the Mark 's smile ... fade . even though we know it 's come , Bishop 's action be so fast and final we be take by surprise . he pull the Mark in as at the same time he cock the rifle 's hammer , slam the gun into position , barrel point up and boom ! the shot hit the Mark in the face , obliterate he , send a plume of gore up against the ceiling . one , two second before the Mark 's security rush into the room , gun line . first see the mess , put a hand to he mouth . second start on the radio . the room be empty . ext . country road - afternoon a vintage 1972 Shelby cobra park by the edge of the river . Bishop emerge from the water , pop the trunk of the car . towel and large rock inside . he towel off , toss the suit and the rock into he pack , pack go into the river . he grab a sweater from inside the trunk . 5 . int . bishop be car - continuous Bishop get behind the wheel , dress . he check himself in the rearview , find a bead of sweat travel from he brow . wipe it away , irritate , and start the car . ext . local grocery - evening establish . a quaint local convenience store off a two - lane road , nestle amidst tree . Bishop 's vintage car pull up and he get out . int . local grocery - continuous door jingle as Bishop step in , smile to the grocer , a friendly beefy guy in he 60' who check the clock . 7:00 on the nose . grocer ' even , Arthur . get you weekly right here . the man hoist two bag of grocery onto the counter . Bishop come forward , see the owner 's daughter behind the counter . 12 , precocious , read a dog-eare kid 's book . bishop hey , Sophie . I get something for you , wanna see ? the girl smile , put down the book and come over . Bishop crouch in front of she . he put out two empty hand , show they back and front , then tickle one ear with a hand while the other " appear " a small daisy . the girl see it , smile ... a little disappointed . bishop ( cont 'd ) I be just kid . Bishop reach into he jacket , pull out the next installment in the kid 's book she 's read : a series feature a young female Harry - Potter like character on the cover : luna cromwell . Sophie beam , take it . a quick hug and she 's back to she seat , open the new book . grocer what do you say , honey ? sophie thank you , Bishop . 6 . bishop you be very welcome . and she 's back into the book . Bishop smile , a little sad . it be nice ... but the moment 's over . he stand and collect he grocery . grocer see you next week , Arthur . ext . bishop be home - evening a ranch - style compound , nestle in the hill . warm , rustic , and invite . Bishop 's cobra drive past the MAIN house , a large craftsman , into a barn where he park next to a collection of other beautiful vintage car . he get out , cross the dirt drive towards he home . a studio separate from the main house . two horse graze in a attach paddock . int . bishop be home - evening Bishop 's enter , flick on light . the home be beautiful , order . everything a model of design and elegance . the wall be home to a collection of original and slightly sociopathic art . lucian Freud , de chirico , Zak Smith , Francis Bacon . isolation , beauty , unrest ... int . bishop' kitchen - evening Bishop unpack he grocery . organic . raw. supplement . vitamin . nothing look delicious . his fridge be order . Glass container in row , lightly hued liquid in each . he open a can of frisky , set it down for a mutt- like tabby - cat who lope over and eat . Bishop scratch she behind the ear . int . bishop' study - evening Bishop flick on light illuminate the wall cover with chart , document , photograph of the Mark . he go to a gas fireplace build into the side of the room , fire up the flame . a sideboard hold a collection of vinyl album . mint condition , collector . finger play over title ... Rolling Stones , Neil Young , Bob Dylan ... the turntable needle hit Young 's " needle and the damage done . " Music croon sweet into the room as page , photo , everything go into the fire . 7. one photo in particular : the Mark , busy on the phone as a young girl pull at he suit jacket . he be a criminal bastard , but also a father . Bishop stare down at the picture , consume by fire , reflect in he eye . int . bishop be gym - night Bishop , run on a treadmill , full - tilt . a control sprint without end . the gym have all manner of customize exercise equipment . weight , machine , a climb wall , a infinite lap-pool . Bishop jump off the treadmill , immediately take he pulse , check it against a clock on the wall , jot a note . Bishop , press weight . 300 + pound . rep over and over , muscle hard , straining . in he eye , almost a relaxed intensity . the rest of the world , turn off . Bishop rack the weight , loud . immediately take he pulse , check the clock ... int . bishop be gym - later Bishop sit at a small desk , plotting the evening 's work - out in a book . he trace column , enter point on a graph . the book . do not matter how impressive the number be , they have peak and be now start they inevitable slide ... on bishop . stare at the book . int . bishop' study - night bishop stand in front of he phone . he scroll through the last ten call that have come through . they all read " mckenna , Harry . " over and over . Three day ' worth . int . bishop' dine room - night Bishop eat dinner , alone at the end of a beautiful antique table . hanging on the wall across from he , a vivid disturbing painting of three woman . on he plate . his food be a meal we might expect a astronaut to eat . Raw spinach , a collection of supplement . he crunch through something that look like cardboard , chew , stare at the painting . in he study , the phone ring . he eyeball it , let it ring . 8. int . den , bishop be home - night Bishop sit on the couch in front of the television , he cat curl under he arm , purring . Bishop flip channel through a endless display of over - amp human behavior . people haw and wink in the sitcom , people yell on the talk - show , people cry and lust on the drama . flip. flip . a news channel show a picture of the Mark . " billionaire tech mogul dead in tragic accident . " two anchors discuss ... male news anchor ...here 's a guy at the top of he game . and yes there be question about the money : where do it all go . be some of he friend less than friendly to the US ? but in the end , it 's not the fed who catch up with he -- female news anchor it 's that age old adage that boy will be boy . this dangerous hobby come with the risk of accident like this -- bishop punch off the tv , head for the door . ext . high -end apartment build - night Bishop pull up in he car , look up . hundre of light window above he , life go on behind each . he head forward , the doorman hold the door for he . ext . corridor , high - rise - moment later Bishop get out of the elevator , stop in front of a door . beat . he ring the bell . woman' voice ( from inside ) it 's open ! Bishop push the door open , step into ... int . high rise apartment - night beautifully , warmly furnish . sofas surround a live area , a gas fire flicker . throw and rug . Art on the wall , tasteful and human . a open bottle of wine on a granite counter top . the view . over all the city , thousand of light twinkle . 9 . woman' voice I will just be a minute . we catch a glimpse of the woman . a towel over she hair , wear a skirt and a bra , crossing from the bathroom into she bedroom . even in the small glimpse , she 's beautiful . Bishop look down at a coffee table . magazine , newspaper . a picture of the first Mark 's elaborate funeral . bishop I be sorry I be away so long this time . I have some complication ... he turn . she 's emerge from the bedroom . 30' . Long dark hair , damp from the shower . buttone a shirt , the curve of she breast catch as she do . a comfortable , sophisticated air about she . effortlessly attractive . woman you do not have to apologize . I be just glad you be here now . ( beat ) be you hungry ? she start to move by he , he hand catch she arm and she be in he arm , hold he tight , kissing he . woman ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I just ... miss you . I never think I be go to be a " woman who wait . " but I do . I wait for you . he nod . she break off , pour red wine in a glass . woman ( cont 'd ) be you in Europe ? Africa ? ( beat ) be there another woman ? bishop no . woman liar . it 's alright . I do not mind . ( suddenly shifting gear ) I ... I make something for you . she pick up a remote , fire up a large flatscreen tv . Hit a button . a moment , then a image flicker to life . on the tv : the woman , sit in this same live room . she wear a long sleeve shirt over panty . sip a glass of wine . smile warm at the camera . the silence of late night . 10 . woman on camera hey , you . just get back from the weekend at the lake with julianne and Barry and they kid . they oldest be five . you would like he . ( beat ) everybody speak about you , of course . we should go up there sometime , just the two of we ... on the tv : she reach towards the camera and the image jump ahead . another night , late . the woman enter the frame , now wear a stun black party dress . woman on camera ( cont 'd ) ( announce , giggle ) I , just get back from see the most boring open at the Pierre grochet gallery . and of course everyone 's ask where you be and of course I make you apology , but what I be think ... on the tv : she wink at the camera , happily drunk . raise she dress a little , suggestive ... woman on camera ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) why be not you here to take I home and make love to I ...? she blow a kiss . close she eye ... on bishop : watch . emotion break the surface . the woman raise the remote . turn off the image . look at Bishop . plain , not demand . but caring . bishop I be not a man who ... it would not be good for you , if I be around all the time . woman I know . I know . she move to he and they be kissing fierce . int . bedroom , high rise apartment - night Bishop and the woman make love . she 's the aggressor at first , pull away Bishop 's clothing , climb on top of he , pull she own clothes away ... 11 . Bishop grab the woman who laugh in ecstacy . he reverse she , throw she down on the bed , climb on top . the two of they , eye to eye as they fuck ... int . bedroom , high rise apartment - early morning early morning light filter into the room . Bishop , awake , stare at the sleep woman . his eye click over to the clock which reach 6:00 be . as if he 's be wait , Bishop rise and dress , silently . int . high -rise apartment - early morning Bishop stand in front of the plate glass window . he turn and move to a music box on a shelf , open it . a melancholy tune play . he admire the machinery as he remove twenty $ 100 bill from he wallet , tuck they under the box ... woman' voice stay for breakfast ? he turn . she 's stand in the doorway , tie a robe around herself . a cool professionalism inhabit she demeanor . not crass or mean-spirited , but the romance be go . bishop do I ever ? woman no . but there 's a first time for everything . Bishop go to the dvd player , slot out the dvd they watch the night before and pocket it . bishop thank you . this be a good one . see you next time . woman Bishop ... you all right ? he turn , study she . this be new ground . he nod and leave . she stare a moment at the door after he 's go . ext . wood - morning Bishop , run . full - tilt again , a maintain sprint . he maneuver through tree , over rock . below he , through the wood , he home come into view ... ... a black bentley sit park in front of the house . a man on a cell phone stand by it . 12 . ext . bishop be home - continuous the man wear a mid-level suit , a hire professional . man ( into a phone ) yes , I just get here . no , not yet . he turn , react as Bishop be there , close , barely sweat . man ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) hold on , I get he . the man hold he cell phone out for Bishop . a beat , Bishop study the angle ... he take the phone . mckenna ( o.s. ) Arthur ? Jesus Christ , Arthur , be that you ? bishop ... how be you , Harry ? mckenna ( o.s. ) oh you know , I be God damn perfect . I be redecorate my fuck office and I want you advice on the god forsaken curtain be how I be . ( beat , serious ) this be ... this be something , Arthur . I need to see you , for old time 's sake . int . bentley - day Bishop sit in the back , look out at the city move around they as the man drive . they approach the armored gate of a business tower : mckenna holding corp . the driver nod at security who recognize the car , open the gate . the car drop down into the garage under the building . int . parking garage - day Bishop and the man exit the bentley . four more armed security down here , seat around a table , eat delivery from a local deli . two stand , one step forward . security sorry , gotta do this ... patient , Bishop put he arm out as the man search he . 13 . int . mckenna holding corp . - day Bishop step out of the elevator into a top-level wonderland of money manipulation . desk , crush with monitor , manned by casually brilliant MIT - grad . flat screen track the market . all of this overseen by a witch 's tit of a manager who eyeball Bishop coolly . a tapping get Bishop 's attention . the corner office be glass - wall . harry mckenna be tapping on it , gesture Bishop inside . int . office , mckenna holding corp - moment later the office be high - tech . Harry less so . 60' . overweight and do not give a shit . cigar in a ashtray , ash - burn on the Persian rug . a man to be reckone with , in he time . the time have perhaps pass . Harry come out from behind he desk , point Bishop to a big leather sofa . Bishop perches on the arm . bishop I like the new dig . mckenna laugh , like a grunt . fiddle with he hearing aid , turn it up . Bishop 's eye track . mckenna have it really be that long ? Jesus . ( beat ) you know how they say youth be lose on the young ? they be right . if I have my nineteen year old body back , I would not be here , I will tell you that . I would be out there , make it my personal life mission to bang every stewardess who ever dare put on one of that whatchamacallit skirt . bishop Times have change , Harry . they do not wear skirt anymore . mckenna eyeball Bishop , shake he head . he go to the glass wall , point out at the screen , financial market . mckenna you know what all that be ? ( off Bishop 's nod ) that 's they money , get move , exchange . make clean and neat and proper for uncle Sam . and I have always be extremely careful . 14 . mckenna go to he desk , toss legal papers on the table between they . mckenna ( cont 'd ) you know what that be ? that 's a God damn subpoena from the justice Department . we get a new face in the white house , all of a sudden they want to look at my record . they get accountant want to go through my book . be you kid I ? I get the leave hand come after I for what I do for the right hand . Bishop look over the papers , nod . mckenna ( cont 'd ) so I call they up . I say " hey , you guy gotta get you own house in order ... " bishop and ... mckenna and ? and that 's the point ! nothing . I tell they they have a problem here and instead of deal with it I get silence , zippo , fuck - all . what be they , twelve ? bishop ... I do not see how I can -- mckenna that 's bullshit , Arthur . you father -- they still talk about the guy like he walk on water . you , they will listen to . you -- bishop I be not a part of that . mckenna stare out the window at the street below , nervous . shake a pill out of as small vial , pop it . he chuckle , shake he head . mckenna you remember that fishing trip we all take , back in the day . you be , what ? about eight , right ? ( off Bishop 's nod ) you fall out of the boat ... could not swim a stroke . City kid . ( animate , laugh ) you be in the water , splash around . ( more ) 15 . mckenna ( cont 'd ) you get this big eye like saucer , like you be sure you be gonna drow . splash ... swallow water ... just staring at you father and he 's not make a move . remember ? just look down at you like ... suddenly it 's get less funny . mckenna ( cont 'd ) I finally have to grab you by the hair , pull you back into the boat . you be shiver like hell and he -- you dad -- give one of that laugh . that big laugh everyone love he for . ( beat ) anyway , the whole time you be in the water , you do not cry out . not once . you be a tough sonofabitch , even then . bishop that be a long time ago , Harry . mckenna turn from the window , take in all he monitor , chart . stock line tick up and down , graph flow , pulse ... mckenna well , I be in the water this time , Arthur . you think it 's easy for I to ask ? it cut like hell . but that 's what I be do . Bishop eye the barely open doorway into a small room off the office . pillow and blanket on a sofa . some clothes strewn about . mckenna 's be sleep here . a long beat . Bishop ... nod . the tension seem to drain from mckenna . he clap Bishop on the back , nod back . mckenna ( cont 'd ) ... thank you . thank you . through the glass wall of the office . Bishop 's eye track as elevator door open and steve mckenna step out , a beautiful young woman with he , louise . she 's a trophy , the woman you get for be top dog and the one you regret get . gorgeous , self - obsessed , entitle . she flop onto a leather sofa as Steve move towards the office . Steve 's young , mid - 20' , strikingly handsome , wear the casual uniform of wealth not earn . but there 's something else that arrest Bishop immediately . unwasted motion , detachment , observe the world around he ... from above . 16 . even as Steve nod to one of he father 's security and push into the room , he pick up Bishop . the two man lock eye , a strange reflection not of appearance , but of nature . mckenna ( cont 'd ) and here 's the prodigal son , arrive to bilk I for ransom . ( to steve ) Steve , this be Arthur Bishop . Steve shake Bishop 's hand . strong. observant . steve hey . Nice to meet you . you work for my father ? mckenna no , quite the opposite . Arthur 's do I a little favor . steve so you be a criminal ? mckenna that 's enough . steve relax , relax . I be kid . a last beat between Steve and Bishop , then Steve let it go , turn he attention to he father . steve ( cont 'd ) I need you to make a donation to Louise 's charity . she 's mount some kind of fundraiser and she want to make sure we do we part . mckenna what 's it for ? steve I have no idea . and do not pretend you care , either . write the check , go to the party , smile when the orphans-slash-homeless -widows thank you and call you a great and generous man . mckenna ( to bishop ) you ever think of have kid , Arthur ? bishop nope . 17 . wearily , mckenna bring out he checkbook . mckenna Wise man . how much ? steve thirty thousand . ( suddenly , to Bishop ) you know , I can not tell what you be think , Mr. Bishop . usually , I be very good with that , with people . sort of like a bullshit detector I develop . but you be very ... hard to read . bishop sorry . steve do not be . so what be you think ? bishop I be think that a son , should be more grateful to he father . steve ( nodding ) I agree . I agree . I often wonder why I be not . mckenna tear the check out , hand it to Steve . mckenna there . now go away . steve thank you , dad . be we go to see you at the house any time soon ? mckenna yeah , this be just a few more day . we get this ... situation . Steve hear the dark in he father 's tone , track it . steve anything I can do ? mckenna you ? yeah , you can earn some money . get marry . ( beat ) no , it 's go to be okay now . Arthur 's help I out . Steve glance between the two man . ego slightly bruise . 18 . steve well it 's good to meet you Mr. Bishop . my father seem to trust you , which be ... unusual . Bishop and mckenna watch as he hit the atrium , hand Louise the check who go out of she mind , jump up and down , give he a kiss that speak of more to come , trot off . Steve glance back one more time , then follow she . mckenna we will take from we child for a lifetime what we would not suffer from another man for a instant . explain that to I . ( off Bishop 's silence ) okay . okay , call I when you hear something . bishop you take care of yourself , Harry . mckenna well , that 's you job now , be not it ? int . parking garage - moment later Bishop exit the elevator . Security hold the door to the bentley open for he . Bishop shake he head , walk out . int . artist studio - afternoon Bishop exit a old freight elevator , enter this huge loft space . Old architecture divide by free-stand wall hang with painting from the same artist who 's work hang in Bishop 's home . intense , slightly surreal , deeply haunt . nude , raw . Men 's face , distraught , alone . a matronly art dealer come forward familiar , take he hand . art dealer Arthur . glad you be here . right this way . as they move across the space Bishop catch sight of a model , lie nude in a pool of blue paint . across from she , the artist be full - focus on she . he 's roughly Bishop 's age . cigarette dangle off a lip , tattoo on he arm . fully comfortable and commit to the alternative life . the model sense Bishop 's gaze , look over , unashame . 19 . art dealer ( cont 'd ) this way . Bishop follow the Dealer into another area where they approach a canvas . it 's a portrait of a young boy , alone . the effect be of rage - fill isolation . art dealer ( cont 'd ) Zak be almost finish . it will make a wonderful addition to you collection . Bishop look at the canvas . nod . glance back to where the artist be carefully adjust he model 's position . art dealer ( cont 'd ) do you want to meet he ? bishop ... no . int . bishop be home - night Bishop enter he home , set he thing down . stare at he phone a beat , then on impulse pick it up and dial . the voice that answer be female , official . woman' voice good evening , Mr. Bishop . how can I help you ? bishop yes . I would like to speak to Dean . there 's a brief pause on the phone , then . woman' voice ... Mr. Dean be not available right now . can I take a message ? bishop no . just tell he I call . Bishop hang up , stare at the phone . the doorbell ring . Bishop open it to find a dhl courier on he doorstep . Bishop be suddenly casual , friendly . the public face of Bishop . bishop ( cont 'd ) hello , Don . they make you drive all the way out here this evening ? don that 's the job . 20 . the man gesture to the open barn door , the classic car . don ( cont 'd ) you find tire for that old fleetmaster ? bishop ( signing ) no , not yet . maybe when I do , we will take it out for a spin . say hello to the wife for I . don will do . good night , Arthur . the man head back towards he truck . Bishop tear away the strip that seal the envelope , a small usb jump -drive slide into he hand . the friendly grin on Bishop 's face ... evaporate . int . study - night Bishop fire up a computer hook to a printer . he slot the usb drive into the computer . nothing seem to happen , just a low pulsing red light on the drive . almost instantly , he phone ring and he answer . silence . bishop ( into phone ) we should all be so lucky . click . the phone go dead . almost at the same time , the glow red light on the jump -drive turn GREEN . Bishop 's printer fire up . it start printing out page . a few medical chart ... and then a photograph : Harry mckenna . the new mark . int . dine room - night Bishop eat . lose in think . eye play over he art ... int . study - night Bishop hit the study , work -mode . all hesitation go . page be tack up , other rip down and toss . he take out a thick pen , circle word : " syncope cardiac spasm ... " " prognosis ... " " poor eustachian tube function ... " 21 . int . public library - day Bishop sit at a desk under a read lamp , make note out of a stack of book . Medical textbooks . chart . a diagram of the central nervous system . stress test . the technical specs for a electronic device . int . public record office - day Bishop receive a set of plan from a attendant . spread they out over a counter . in the corner , a large photocopier . int . bishop' study - evening Bishop sit at he desk , a jeweler 's loup over one eye , work with solder iron and electronic tool , meticulous . behind he , tack to the wall , be copy of the building plan . heavily ink . route in and out pen in . location of security . photograph . he 's do he recon . sitting in the sun on a window ledge : a open jar of mayonnaise , turn rancid . a fly buzze around it . through the jeweler' loup : Bishop be work on a hearing aide . tweezers adjust a tiny chip , slot it into place ... phone ring . Bishop eye it for a beat . snap it up . the voice on the other end be world weary , professional . dean . dean ( o.s. ) Bishop . I hear you call . hey , you get the stuff I send you ? bishop that 's what I call about . I know he . I think there might be a misunderstanding -- dean ( o.s. ) hold on a second . a long pause . just air on the line . Bishop stare at he work in front of he , he research on mckenna tack to the wall . Dean 's voice come back as suddenly as it depart . dean ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) no , it 's be decide . this one 's a go . you take care of yourself , Bishop . the line go dead . Bishop stare at the phone for a second , set it down . he look up at Harry 's picture on the wall . 22. ext . cityscape - morning the sun rise over the city , shaft of light illuminate the top floor plate glass of mckenna holding Corp . the SOUND of a phone ringing , be pick up . mckenna's voice hello ? bishop' voice they want to talk . I be pick you up in a hour . mckenna's voice arthur -- bishop' voice send you people home . I do not want anyone I do not know near you today . I be serious . mckenna's voice ... thank you , Arthur . int . deli - morning Bishop hang up he phone , watch as three bag of food be put up on the to go counter . " mckenna garage " scrawle . Bishop approach the counter , reach over the bag for he own food , push he drink onto the floor . bishop I be sorry . my bad . the guy at the counter shrug , turn for a mop . Bishop quickly reach into the mckenna bag , switch a wrap sandwich for one he bring . ext . mckenna holding corp . - day a white van pass the entrance to the underground garage , pull into the alley behind the building and stop . int . white van - continuous Bishop kill the engine , push aside a curtain and head into the back of the van which be empty aside for a heavy acetylene torch . the bottom of the van be cover by a thick black matt which Bishop kick with he foot . the matt fall aside revealing a large hole in the bottom of the van , right down to the pavement and the weld steel cover Bishop have park on top of . 23. Bishop pick up the torch , SPARKS it . int . parking garage - morning the four security be eat they deliver lunch . Security # 1 put a hand to he gut . Security # 2 look over . security # 2 hey , you okay ? security # 1 actually , call central . I be not -- and with that , he 's suddenly up and moving towards the bathroom . Security # 2 raise he radio . int . elevator lobby , mckenna holding corp . - day Elevator door open . another security guard step out , check in by radio and head down a corridor . in the elevator behind he , Bishop drop through the ceiling hatch , dress casual . he hit a button , door close . int . mckenna's office - morning Elevator door open and Bishop step out into the office . desert . monitor glow , tracking market and trade . but the human element be go . except for Harry , alone , silhouett at one of he large plate window , watch the sun rise over the city . mckenna you ever wonder what the last day of you life will feel like , Arthur ? bishop you keep stand next to that window , maybe you will be able to tell I . mckenna look over , smile weary . he look exhaust . he go to he desk , pick up a tie , look to Bishop . mckenna this turn out alright , I be go to send you a dozen thai hooker and a case of Cuban esplandidos . you can return the hooker if you want , but the cigar ... 24 . bishop ( smiling ) I do not smoke . mckenna you will , my friend . for this , you will . int . elevator - moment later Bishop and mckenna head down . mckenna watch the number . Bishop study mckenna ... then , casually : bishop why the change of security ? mckenna ... what ? beat . Bishop slap the stop button . Elevator jerk to a halt . Bishop get a finger into the door , pry they open . mckenna ( cont 'd ) Arthur ...? mckenna look at the effort , sigh . let Bishop help he down . halfway through , balance shift , mckenna start to fall . Bishop steadies he . mckenna stare at Bishop , concerned . Bishop nod , head towards the stair , pockete a small hearing aide as he go . on mckenna , touch the hearing aide in he ear ... bishop come on ... int . stairwell - moment later Bishop and mckenna reach the bottom of the stairwell . mckenna 's wind , steadying himself against a wall . Bishop crack the door , peer out . bishop what the hell ...? mckenna move in , push Bishop aside . mckenna's p.o.v. : his security . only there be two new face in the garage . replacement pack weaponry . mckenna this be not good , Arthur ... 25 . bishop listen to I . stay here . I be go to check it out . mckenna Bishop , that man be armed ... bishop Harry , relax . I know what I be do . and Bishop slip out the door , shutting it behind he . int . parking garage - continuous the moment he 's out , he turn and sink down in front of it , block it with he back . he open he jacket , bring out a small transmitter . wait a beat , then flick a switch . int . stairwell - continuous mckenna there , staring at the door . nothing . he approach the steel door , try the handle . can not open it . nervous , he carefully put he head against the door to listen ... blam ! blam ! blam ! the SOUND of gunfire , voice fill mckenna 's ear . he stagger back , crouch , terrify ... close on he hearing aide : the sound of gunfire be come from it . blam ! blam ! more shot , then the sound of pounding on the door . bishop' voice Harry ! it 's a trap ! run !!! the door fly open and Bishop lurch in , gun raise . mckenna start up the stair , breathe hard . behind he , he can see Bishop , gun line back at the door . blam ! blam ! gunshot assault he eardrum . int . parking garage - continuous on the other side of the door , Security hear the door slam , look over for a moment , but there 's nothing else . int . stairwell - continuous mckenna pick up the pace , haul himself upwards . sweat pouring off he , eye wild . he stop , try to catch he breath . shoot pain through he right arm , he grab it just as more gunfire sound from below . 26 . Bishop come rush up the stair . his shirt stain with blood . gun in he hand . bishop come on ! if we can get to the roof I can hold they off ! come on ! mckenna gulp AIR , stagger on ... ext . rooftop , mckenna holding corp - moment later door blows open , mckenna stagger onto the rooftop . the manic victory of have make it clash with the tragic knowledge that he heart be rebel . he fall to he knee , clutching he right arm . pain coursing through he body . unaware for the moment that everything have go silent . feet come into he view . he look up , see Bishop stand over he . Bishop 's face be a death mask . emotion remove . Harry stare into he eye ... and understand . mckenna ... you . Bishop nod . mckenna cackle which turn into a scream as pain send he reeling . he fall , hit he head . blood roll down he face . mckenna ( cont 'd ) you bastard . you ... sonofabitch . you do not have the ball ... the ball to aarrrghhhh ! he convulse . tear stream down he face . his body heaving , not give up the ghost . on bishop . we know it 's in there . but it do not show . instead he check he watch , calculate time ... mckenna ( cont 'd ) oh God . oh , Jesus Christ help I . arrghhhh !!! arrrrghhhhhh !!!! please ... please ... please ... mckenna stop struggle , stare up at Bishop . tear stream down he face . mckenna ( cont 'd ) please , Arthur , put I out of my misery . you father ... Bishop check he watch again , do not meet mckenna 's eye . check the stair door , look over the building edge ... 27 . mckenna ( cont 'd ) please . I be scared . I be really god damn scared ... suddenly Bishop move . lighten fast , wrapping up mckenna 's head , finger pressing expertly along artery . mckenna stare up one horrible second , then go limp in he arm , dead . Bishop release , stand , stare down . for the first time , uncertainty in he face . why do he do that ? he look at the body , at he hand , out at the city . wipe he forehead with the back of a hand , furious at himself . he reach down , remove the hearing aide from mckenna 's ear , replace it with the original , turn away . see from far above . mckenna 's body , alone on the rooftop . ext . rooftop , mckenna holding corp - night with steve as he push through door into a Mass of Police , detective , private security , lawyer , all milling about on phone , gather around a figure on the ground ... int . artist studio - night the Art Dealer hand Bishop the finish painting , wrap . at the far end of the studio the artist and he friend smoke and drink and laugh . Bishop nod thanks , turn and leave . ext . rooftop , mckenna holding corp - night Steve stare down at he dead father . a cop draw a line around the body . Steve be expressionless . int . bishop be home - night Bishop back off from the wall where he have just hang the new painting of the boy . it stare back at he . ext . rooftop , mckenna holding corp - early morning blue-gray morning . cold wind blow across the rooftop . Steve watch the last police leave . he 's alone . he stare down at the outline where he father lay . 28 . ext . cemtery - day a funeral in progress , hundred of flower arrangement , decoration , fit for a head of state . a few dozen attendee . at the front , Steve mckenna sit in front of he father 's coffin , cold . his girlfriend Louise next to he , weep . she cry at funeral . Bishop stand at the back . his eye scan over the proceedings . Sixth -sense , Steve suddenly turn he head , make eye contact with Bishop . priest his good work comfort all of we , even in he go . we commit he remain to you earth , oh Father , and we pray you vouchsafe he eternal life and that you bring comfort to that who have be leave behind . his only son , Steve , who be himself devote to -- the Priest falter as Steve rise , move away from the event . Bishop track he as he wander through gravestone . priest ( cont 'd ) ... glory be to the Father , and to the Son , and to the Holy ghost ... ext . cemtery - day ( later ) at the gravesite , man fill in the hole with dirt . nearby , six limousine be line up . but only the one directly after the hearse have its door open for Louise who stand , wait , look for Steve . Bishop watch the dirt hit the coffin . then look over as Steve approach through mausoleum . bishop my condolence . steve ( nods ) yeah , Harry be a popular guy . good to see so many of he friend here . touch . Bishop consider , track the attendee who pass by a suite man as they leave ... each of they receive and pockete a envelope as they do . Bishop look back to Steve . steve ( cont 'd ) best grief money can buy . give I a ride home ? 29 . Bishop nod to the head limo where Louise be wave impatiently at Steve to come . bishop look like you have one . steve yeah , all of that . empty limo . Fake guest . all so that the papers print what a important and respected man Harry be . Steve take in the one or two guest , already count they money a few yard away . shake he head . steve ( cont 'd ) well , I hope it 's what Harry would have want . but it 's not for I . beat . Bishop nod . int . bishop be car - day Bishop steer the car into the hill , past high - end estate . steve you know , what I do not get be you . Harry do not have any friend . bishop you dad work with my father a long time ago . steve so ? bishop so , just pay my respects . steve so you old man be into all that ? bishop ( SMALL nod ) yeah , he be into all that . steve well , that be refreshingly honest , Mr. Bishop . what about you ? Bishop do not answer , steer the car up a manicure drive . p.o.v . - through the windshield : a estate . a main house , lawn , pool , guest house . 30 . ext . mckenna estate - afternoon Steve and Bishop get out of the car . the mckenna estate be model neoclassical for a wanna - be emperor . now a week of youth with limitless credit have leave its mark . a SOUND system have be set up poolside . a dj spin a trance - like deep groove . young women lounge around the pool in bikinis , less . beautiful and bored . young men , most dress modern hip -hop , mostly white , eyeball the woman , fist - bump each other , drink beer . Steve take the whole thing in , nod , somehow pleased . steve why be it so comforting , when people surpass even we lowest expectation ? ( beat ) come on in , meet the crowd . bishop no , thanks . I have get to -- steve please . a favor to I . none of this people even remember what today be . Bishop nod . they move into the scene . people recognize Steve , hug or bump-fist . Steve 's friendly , but stay lock on Bishop . Bishop observe it all , not uncomfortable . steve ( cont 'd ) do you believe in fate , Mr. Bishop ? bishop why ? a basketball hoop have be set up near the pool . Young man take turn dunking and then landing in the water . steve I think maybe we be all doom to become we father . I will probably die spoiled , corrupt , lonely and alone . run in the blood . what would that make you ? bishop you be still young . you can do pretty much whatever you please . at the hot tub , two girl kiss each other , film in dv by a young entrepreneur . 31 . steve you think so ? just chuck all this and go help the child in South America , something like that ? bishop maybe . steve well look at you , Mr. Bishop . you be a dreamer . Steve head inside . a beat , Bishop follow . int . mckenna estate - afternoon as soon as they enter , Steve find himself lock up by two beauty who whisper excitedly in he ear . beauty # 1 well ? do you want to ...? steve no , in fact I be pretty sure that 's illegal in this state . ( to bishop ) come on , this way . Steve leave the beauties disappointed , move up some stair . Bishop follow . int . mckenna estate - continuous Steve and Bishop move into another room where two huge flatscreen have convert the room into a Wii court . Young muscle - bound poser play a first person head - to-head shoot - they game . other drink , cheer . two bump fist with Steve . one front cool at Bishop , fake a punch at he . Bishop just watch , do not do a thing . the kid smile , nod ... on the floor , painting of Harry mckenna , discard . int . master suite , mckenna estate - continuous this use to be Harry 's realm . now Steve 's take it over . giant ornate king bed . huge balcony overlook the estate . Steve go to the railing of the balcony , look down at the grounds , the people . Bishop hang back , glance into a private study , untouched from when Harry rule there . paper , book , a portrait of Harry over the desk . 32 . steve you know , I go up there . to where my father die . bishop oh ? steve Hell of a place to die . Lonely ... Bishop come abreast of Steve , also look down . remove from the party and the pool area , a separate area of the estate contain a outdoor gym . weight , exercise equipment , a fight matt and martial art equipment all present . bishop ( off the gym area ) that all yours ? steve if the body be weak , the mind can not be strong . Bishop nod , impressed . something about this young man . engage , observe Bishop , but not needy . male voice ( o.s. ) Steve ! Steve , man . it 's Louise . at the door , a friend of Steve 's be hold back by security . friend she 's up in the bungalow . I think she might really do it this time . steve ( to bishop ) my girlfriend think that my father 's death be a good time to kill herself . she think I be not show the appropriate human reaction . bishop I will let myself out . steve no , please . you have see this much . be not you interested ? I be . off Bishop ... 33. ext . bungalow , mckenna estate - early evening Steve and Bishop push through a guard gate , up a small path arrive at a beautiful bungalow , set back in the garden . candle light glow inside . int . bungalow , mckenna estate - early evening Louise be nude , immerse in the water of a jacuzzi locate in the center of the room . on the side , she have a bottle of scotch , some pill , and two razor blade . she look up at Steve , streak eye dart to Bishop . louise who 's he ? steve a friend . would have think you would have start by now . louise this be not about I . it 's about you . you need to watch . Steve crouch down , pour himself a shot from she whiskey bottle . something angry and cold in he eye . steve okay . I be here . I be watch . louise you do not believe I will do it . steve no , I know you , Louise . you will do just about anything if it will get you enough attention . louise you think you can hide behind that cool attitude . like nothing matter to you . but I know you . you care . you feel . steve do I ? Louise blink , scared a little . but she push the fear away , pick up one of the razor blade . a beat , then with a quick gesture , she slice across one wrist . blood rise to the surface , run down she arm into the water . Steve do not move . neither do Bishop . Louise pick up the second blade with the cut hand . finger fumble , but she get it . slice across she other wrist . 34 . blood run ... stain the water rise . steve ( cont 'd ) ... wow . louise how long will it take ? steve ( he shrug ) Mr. Bishop ? Bishop rise , look down at she in the tub . bishop how much do you weigh ? louise a hundred and ten . his eye take in she body , the flow from she wrist ... bishop you be a hundred and twenty - five . it will take a hour and a half , maybe two . when you get cold ... then you will know you be close . Steve take in Bishop in this moment , nod . glance at the clock : 9:30 . then he refill he drink , head out to the patio outside . sit face away from they . louise he will stop it . he think he 's above it all . but he 's not . no one be . Bishop nod . not clear if he 's agree or observe . ext . bungalow , mckenna estate - evening Bishop sit with Steve on the patio . from inside , Louise 's soft cry can be hear . see through the tree in front of they , young people dance , splash , party . louise ( from inside ) Steve ! Steve ! I know you feel this . I know you will stop I . steve ( calling back ) if you do not care anything about you life , why should I ? Steve look to Bishop . he check he watch . 10:30 . 35 . louise I be get cold . please . I be frighten . I be scared , Steve . Bishop look at Steve who just keep stare outward . steve you can help she if you want . the sound of water , splash . Louise arrive on the patio , a blood-stain robe loosely pull on around she . mascara eye run . she stare down at Steve . louise you be a bastard . steve you know what the kick of it be , Louise ? if you actually have the stone , then there 's be something for we . but in 30 second when you run down that path and all of that people go crazy save you life ... well , then we will be do . ( beat ) I know . catch - 22 . life 's not fair . louise ( realizing ) what happen to you ? steve maybe nothing . maybe you never really know I . a beat . Louise , look between the two man . she sways on she foot and Bishop put a hand out , steady she . louise you be a bastard , too . both of you . like look in some dark mirror . steve go on , Louise . you will do fine . the world 's gonna love you . Louise step away , turn , stumbling down the path into the dark . a beat , the man just watch after she and then a scream from below . commotion , action . people rush to Louise , help she to the ground . other pull out cell phone , call for help . Louise 's loud cry drift back . bishop would you have let she do it ? 36 . steve we will never know , will we ? Steve rise , head up a small path . ext . estate ground - night Steve and Bishop , walk high above the estate . Far below they , the light of a ambulance in the driveway . bishop you do not answer my question . steve everybody die . bishop sure . but it 's a whole other world when you be personally involved . there 's a very big tab that have to be pick up . steve such as ? Bishop stop , look down at the action far below they . bishop government , cop , the military ... we give young man a licence and send they into it blind , think it will all be okay . because someone tell they they have permission . ( beat ) but when you cross over that line , you do it alone . most people , they stay that way from then on . alone . steve everybody can kill . you take a mother , protect she child ... bishop sure . but that 's instinct . what I be talk about be up here ... ( tapping he head ) knowledge of foresight . intention . a person who know that the only way to truly be free of man 's law , be to break he high one . beat . it sit there , between they . steve why be you tell I all this ? 37 . bishop why do you want I to see that little stunt with you girlfriend ? Bishop stare down the hill at the commotion . ant swarm . bishop ( cont 'd ) this be not you people , be they ? you do not have " people . " you life be crowded , but you be alone . Steve unconsciously nod , then : steve you know , you be right . you grow up spoiled , rich , like I ... only thing you really learn to recognize in people be when someone want something from you . ( beat ) what do you want , Mr. Bishop ? what be you do here ? Bishop consider Steve , throw . then ... bishop thanks for the tour . it 's be interesting . steve yes , it have . Bishop turn , head back down towards the estate . Steve watch he go . int . bishop be home - night Bishop stare down at the line of supplement and pill set out in front of he , something gnaw at he . his cat nuzzle around he leg , purring . he scoops up the lot , wash they down with water . int . bishop' study - night ( later ) Bishop sit on he sofa , antsy . on the tv , the day 's news play out in silence . anti-american protest in a Middle - Eastern country . word scroll : " ... official resistance to US eavesdropp policy ... " " ... break down of high -level ... " Bishop rise , go to a stack of dvd 's . grab one , slot it . on the tv : the woman , speak to he from she beautiful apartment . similar to the one we see . she lean against a large plate glass window , shirt and panty , sip wine . 38 . woman on tv hey , you . Jesus , what a night . we go to open of Fernando 's new restaurant and Betty be there wear -- well , whatever we call that thing she wear ... on the stack of dvd . there must be twenty of they . woman on tv ( cont 'd ) I miss you . everybody say hi , of course . but with I ... it 's like I feel you there with I , even when you be not . on the tv : she pull she shirt off over she head , face the camera again , topless . woman on tv ( cont 'd ) I feel the way you touch I ... Bishop rise , blow out of the room . int . bishop be gym - night slam ! drop in on Bishop , sprint on the treadmill . faster than we have see he go before . on and on . he hit the weight , slot extra 45 's onto the press bar . the weight clang into place . on bishop , pressing the enormous weight . one , two , three ... he rack the weight , disgust . get up , throw on more weight . he presses it again . five ... six ... rack it again , angry . add more weight . back under the bar . press . muscle distend , straining . Seven ... eight ... he cry out as something give in he shoulder . the Weight settle down on he , crush he . a moment in he eye , the weight press the air out of he lunge . he laugh manic , surge up against the weight , toss it off , the weight slamm into the floor , boom ! ext . sushi restaurant - evening Bishop 's car pull up fast . he get out , toss the valet he key , head in , weirdly focus . int . sushi restaurant - evening Bishop sit alone at a reserve table at the back , a plate of sashimi in front of he . he look out at the restaurant . 39 . bishop be p.o.v. : laughter , smile , hand touch , hand wave mid-story , lip parting . woman 's hand touch they neck , eye sparkling , man laugh , wallet flash ... Bishop rise suddenly , he hand go to he wallet , try to get out of there . room sways . he steady himself , move towards the exit . people look over , alarmed as he grab back of chair to steady himself . vertigo looming , sound distorting and suddenly he 's falling into blackness ... int . emergency room - morning Bishop , shirtless . a female doctor be examine the injury . professional , but attractive . and attract to he . her hand on he shoulder , gentle . her other hand on he back . her eye play over he form : scar , wound , heal . a battlefield for a body . female doctor quite a collection you have here . military ? bishop something like that . female doctor do this hurt ? Bishop smile , recognize the nature of the touch . bishop yes , a little . the doctor let she hand rest just a fraction too long , then move across the room , write in a chart . female doctor any next of kin , anybody we can notify ? ( off he shake no ) how about a acquaintance ? bishop be I go to die ? female doctor ( smile ) no , not today . Bishop reach for he shirt , slip it on . female doctor ( cont 'd ) you damage you deltoid muscle . but that do not explain the anxiety attack . ( more ) 40 . female doctor ( cont 'd ) any unusual stress recently ? something at work ? ( off he shake no ) I be prescribe cataflam for the pain and paxil for the stress and I be go to give you my card . if you have any other episode ... or if you need anything else , do not hesitate to give I a call . she hold out she card . he look at she , let she stay that way for a moment , then take the card . she look away . female doctor ( cont 'd ) you can pay at the desk . int . front desk , emergency room - moment later Bishop pay cash . he crumple the prescription , toss it in the trash , start to toss the doctor 's card . beat . he can see she down the hall , speak with another doctor . pretty , real . a moment , he pocket the card . int . office , mckenna holding corp . - day Steve sit in he father 's office chair , stare back at we , occasionally nodd . we reverse to find a collection of investigator , a Forensic Doc , and a harden security specialist . the Doc be in the middle of a presentation . board hold diagram , conclusion , crime scene photo , all about Harry mckenna . the Doc demonstrate the precise hold , the pressure point that kill Harry mckenna . Steve watch , impassive . ext . wood - afternoon Bishop run through the wood , full - tilt . finally stop in front of he house . he feel he injure shoulder , wince ... int . bishop be home - evening Bishop sit on he sofa in front of the tv : a bureaucrat at a press conference . a female diplomat push through photog with she hand up , shield she face . word scroll : " US Intelligence under scrutiny ... High level meeting ... " Bishop hit the remote and the tv go to static , white noise again . his eye ... relax , almost asleep . we stay on he face , a glimpse into he only moment of peace ... 41 . bang ! bang ! bang ! pounding on he front door . Bishop 's eye pop open . he 's on he foot , instantly alert , move past a sideboard . he touch a hide catch , a " click " and he reach underneath , come out with a handgun . ext . front door , bishop be home - moment later Steve be there , pound on the door . steve Mr. Bishop ! Arthur ! please , I need to speak with you . the front door open . Bishop , front sleepy . Steve be energized , lit , eye blaze . bishop what time be it ? steve I wanna show you something . please . it will be ... it will be interesting . int . bentley - evening Steve drive , too fast . Bishop be shotgun . the rear area usually reserve for passenger be empty . bishop gonna tell I what the big surprise be ? steve I would rather show you . I know , melodramatic . but I think it will be worth it to you . Bishop tense , almost imperceptible as Steve pilot the car into the underground structure beneath mckenna holding Corp . int . parking garage - continuous car screech to a stop . Steve grab a case , be out . bishop take in the area . two of Steve 's security there , look stern . Bishop check the gun he have conceal in he waistband , reach for he door . ext . rooftop , mckenna enterprise - evening Elevator open at the very top . Steve push out onto the roof . Bishop follow . Security lighting flood on , illuminate the desolate surface in eerie even light . 42 . Steve open he case , start toss down photograph : close on the picture : Harry mckenna . Dead on the roof . other detail . the door , the elevator shaft , everything . paper , coroner 's document . Medical photograph . bishop ( careful ) maybe it 's time you start talk . steve ( off the papers ) you know what that say ? my dad do not die of a heart attack . I mean , he be die of a heart attack , but that 's not what kill he . the blood flow to he brain be cut off , he brain die before he body . somebody kill he . on Bishop , consider Steve . bishop what do the police think ? steve ( laughing ) the police ? they do not want to hear about this . I mean , they ' will look into it . but they do not very much like the idea that they totally miss this one and it would be just easier for everyone if I would shut the hell up . bishop ... what do you want ? steve they kill he . here , on the roof of he own building . his own security all around . why here ? why even kill he , if he be already die ? bishop you tell I . steve to make a point . that no one 's safe . that they can get to anyone , whenever they want to . bishop so what be I do here ? Bishop , supremely alert , listen . track shadow ... 43. steve I get my black belt in karate when I be nineteen . I have study judo since I be six . bishop I be impressed . steve no , you be not . most people be , but you be not . if I come at you right now , I would wind up dead as my father , would not I ? Bishop do not answer . Steve break away , look down at the place where he father die . steve ( cont 'd ) same as if I try to exact justice for my father . this man , what this be ... it 's something you know about , be not it ? ( beat ) something you could teach I . bishop I do not get the impression you even like Harry very much . Steve surge forward . Real anger , intensity boil over . steve you really go to stand there and judge how much I love my father ? what the hell do you know about it ? Bishop , hearing this . a nerve touch . steve ( cont 'd ) besides , this be not just about Harry . Harry 's dead , may he rest in peace . but this be about I . they come here and they kill my father . they do that to I . bishop you want revenge . Steve do not answer . a long moment between they . Steve turn , look out over the city . steve you know the word " nemesis " ? it 's not actually a word . it 's a name . she be one of the Greek goddess . of anger . retribution against any mortal who become too proud . ( more ) 44 . steve ( cont 'd ) the executor of divine justice . it 's a beautiful idea , do not you think ? justice . bishop justice ? a beat . Bishop shake he head , turn , start to walk back towards the elevator . Steve collect he papers , angry . steve ( calling after ) Fine . Fine . in case you have not notice , I now have a couple of million dollar to spend on this , so I will find they myself and I will deal with they myself and if I wind up dead try , you can bury I right next to dear old dad -- bishop Jesus , stop you whining . slap ! no one 's ever speak to Steve that way . he stare . a stillness between they , even the wind slow , wait ... bishop ( cont 'd ) corner of sixth and Grand . tomorrow morning . 7:00 be . do not be late . steve I will not . beat . Bishop nod , start to leave , turn back ... bishop and Steve ... no more surprise like this , okay ? Steve nod . Bishop go . on Steve , watch as the elevator door erase the older man . int . bishop be home - night Bishop stand in the middle of he home , still . think . then he move to he office , grab a newspaper . he move to he Study , turn to a page , slap it down on the glass on he scanner . Hit a button , the white light of the scanner pass . 45 . int . bishop' bedroom - continuous Big King bed , never use . a huge painting by the artist on the wall across from the bed . landscape . empty . ruine . Bishop hoist the painting down off the wall . he have a print - out from he computer , tack it in the center of the blank space leave by the painting : the picture of Steve , scan from the mckenna obituary , enlarge . tack alone on the wall . a start . ext . corner of sixth and grand - morning Bishop stand on the corner , wait . he check he watch : 6:58 . Steve 's bentley pull up to the corner , park in a handicapped space . Steve get out , nod to Bishop . Bishop take in Steve , the bentley , a metermaid ten yard away , already move towards they . int . sterile hallway - morning Bishop enter this linoleum - line hallway , slip the bored attendant $ 100 . the man hit a button , a door click open . int . morgue - morning as they enter , fluorescent light flicker on . cheap , overuse . some burnt out , other short . rows of gurney line the room . body , cover in green morgue drape . Steve 's eye play over it . he swallow . Bishop be cold , business - like . bishop stay focus . this be a test . Bishop move down the row , pull drape away as he do . nude body be reveal . Men , woman , teens . in some , the reason for they death be obvious . other be not tell . bishop ( cont 'd ) you want to know about kill , look around . Steve do , a little creepe out , but keep it cool . bishop ( cont 'd ) the act of kill , be a end in itself . any other motive keep it from be pure . steve the psychopath have no motive . 46 . bishop no , he 's drive , compel , by he sickness . he 's as much the victim as that he kill . more drape fall . Dead eye stare up at they . bishop ( cont 'd ) but when you make you own law , you be responsible to no one else but yourself . maybe you be free ... steve I understand . bishop do you ? this be not some idea anymore . this be the real thing . you still with I ? steve I be . another drape fall . a beautiful woman . no sign of injury . bishop ever hear the term " mechanic " use outside of its normal meaning ? steve my father use it . a dealer ... a guy who work the table . bishop smile , shake he head . steve ( cont 'd ) or a ... killer . a hit man . Bishop just stare . Steve shake he head , look away from Bishop , wind up stare at a dead man . laugh to himself . bishop what be you think ? steve I have you peg as ... a security consultant . maybe ex-military . someone who ... protect people . bishop maybe I do . steve or maybe you just get pay to kill people . Bishop nod he head yes . 47 . steve ( cont 'd ) so why let I in ? I mean , I know what I want . what do you get out of it ? bishop ... Times be change . Security be better train , more lethal . sometimes I could use a partner . steve bullshit . Bishop nod , smile . he move away from the table , leave Steve stand in the middle of it all . bishop in this ... there be not room for that who be outside of it . there 's too much isolation . friendship can not work . eventually everyone expect you to account . the isolation ... become a liability . you stand out . stand out ... be not good . Steve smile , shake he head . steve you need a ... friend ? bishop a associate . ( beat ) I be offer to teach you something that most people can not be teach . steve because you think I be a natural . bishop that remain to be see . ( tap he head ) but you be alone in there , be not you ? that 's ... the prerequisite . Steve continue to stare at the body . bishop start towards the exit . bishop ( cont 'd ) think it over . steve Bishop ... ( beat ) when I find the man who murder my father . you help I to kill they . 48 . bishop you may never find they . steve you do not answer my question . a beat . Bishop nod . int . bishop be gym - day drop into the middle of a fight . Steve and Bishop , attack each other , mix martial art . Steve be the aggressor , move in knock Bishop 's defense away . hitting Bishop who take the punch , step back ... Steve 's still on he . kick , two , three time . Bishop catch a kick , toss Steve back . he land cat-like on he foot , come back at Bishop , strong . hitting , push Bishop back against a wall , seem to dominate the fight . buzz ! a buzzer go off . Bishop drop he guard , would be flatten if Steve do not pull he punch , walk out . ext . bishop be range - continuous behind Bishop 's gym be a rifle range . a assortment of weapon lie on a table . in front of they , some tree , some old car ... some bottle sit on the limb of the tree . Bishop pick up a handgun , check he pulse . Steve have obviously learn from he , do the same . Bishop raise the gun . blam ! blam ! two bottle shatter at 30 yard . he toss Steve the gun . Steve keep two finger on he pulse . steve I be still at 130 . bishop too fast . steve I know . I be work on it . Bishop nod , pick up the rifle , sight . blam ! 1,000 yard away , the bullet impact the head - rest of a abandon car . Bishop look to Steve who give up , raise the handgun . blam ! blam ! blam ! Three shot . Three miss . Steve toss down the gun , frustrated . bishop you be still over 100 . 49 . steve what be I suppose to do ? bishop there be no perfect situation . you fight I at 100 % , so you be win . but in do so , you give up you shoot option . ( beat ) it 's all about choice . always . Bishop start to leave . steve Bishop ... what 's you 100 % look like ? Bishop smile . ext . desert highway - day two car blistering down the highway . Bishop 's cobra and Steve in a classic maserati . they jockey for position , weave in and out of the other car on the road . with bishop . portrait of control . expertly work the tune car , coax power and speed out of it . with steve . careless , go for break , not caring if he have the space to make he move . he swerve he car , right at Bishop ... ... who have to peel away , off the highway , onto the smooth dirt -pack . he downshift , blast back onto the road , catch air . Steve laugh out load as they crest the top of a rise ... looming ahead : a exist accident . a beer truck jack - knife across the freeway . Bishop brake , fight for control . Steve swerve he car , too fast , it go into a spin ... clip another car , gain air and plows ass - backwards into the side of the beer truck . bishop' car slide to a stop . Bishop get out , track : steve , climb out of the maserati onto the hood protrude from the side of the truck . laughing , whoooping at the sky . Bishop approach , see that hundred of bottle of Beer have cascade out of the puncture truck . Steve wipe blood from a cut on he forehead , grab a beer and crack it , swig as he sit on the maserati hood . he grab another , toss it to Bishop . 50 . steve come on up , man . the view be beautiful . Bishop take in the situation , the small crowd gather ... he jump up , sit on the hood of the car with Steve , both lean back against the crack windshield . bishop you lose control . steve you think ? Steve put out he beer . a hesitation , then Bishop clink beer with he . they both drink . stretched out in front of they , the highway seem to go on forever . steve ( cont 'd ) you ever think about just ... go ? leave . never turn back ? bishop ... sometimes . steve why do not you ? bishop I have ... responsibility . I have a cat . a beat . Steve laugh loud . Bishop laugh . maybe the first time in age . they drink , watch the sun move lower in the sky as emergency vehicle approach . int . bishop be home - evening Steve come in from the guest-house , shower . see Bishop at the dining room table , take in the place for the first time . the art on the wall . steve you know , look at this , a person might think maybe there 's a screw or two loose up there ... Steve catch sight of a manila envelope in front of he empty place . steve ( cont 'd ) be this what I think it be ? bishop ( shaking no ) do not be so eager . open it . 51 . plan , diagram . picture . they be of a outdoor area . Steve 's eye scan over they , interested . steve who 's the Mark ? bishop ... I be . int . outdoor market - day a huge square fill with vendor sell all manner of food and good out of cart and stall . Music , voice , crowd of people . Bishop move through . dress average , just a guy in the crowd . he watch a couple argue . move on ... bishop ( v.o. ) it 's not good enough to simply follow you Mark and attack he . most of this people know they be target . they will be watch for you . ... a moment , then Steve enter the frame , tracking Bishop . bishop ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you need to understand the location , control the situation . you be look for escape , security , police presence ... Bishop pass two cop , squeeze between two park produce truck towards the row of shop that border the square . int . watch repair shop - continuous Bishop stand in front of a case , watch the precision instrument tick . from behind a counter , the chinese owner notice he , put down the watch he 's repair , approach . 60' , authoritative , a loup on he forehead . owner interest you in anything ? Bishop take in the man , eye check polished reflective surface , back to the man . Bishop point to a watch . bishop that 's a beauty . owner ( beaming ) you know you instrument ... 52 . ext . outdoor market - continuous conceal amidst exotic guatemalan wrap , Steve track the watch shop . the attractive older woman run the stall eye he . he look right through she . steve's p.o.v. : Bishop exit , head back into the market . bishop ( v.o. ) most of all , you need to answer this question : " how do this man die here today ? " Bishop pass a butcher cut into a slab of meat . Steve follow behind Bishop , lose in the sea of people . bishop ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) everybody , everyday , have a way to die . you have to find it . ext . curio stall , outdoor market - moment later Bishop stand in front of stall fill with classic toy , rock horse , vintage doll . his gaze find a large , still - box doll of the " luna cromwell " character that the grocery owner 's daughter be obsessed with . almost life-size . salesman they do not make that anymore . that 's a classic . I can let you have it for three hundred ... int . outdoor market - moment later Bishop turn away from the stand carry the doll . a group of teens run by Bishop , buffete he for a moment . slightly off kilter , he check he surroundings . nothing . Bishop start again , aware for the first time that a man be head he direction , pass a knife - sharpen stand , blade gleam , he face hide by a low hat ... Bishop track the figure out of the corner of he eye , turn and push through the tight space between two stall , out the back where truck be park . bishop glance back for the man , squeeze between two large truck ... ... come out the other side when pop ! a loud SOUND make Bishop glance over . a hissing come from one of the truck which start to roll backwards and suddenly hand be on Bishop from behind , pushing he backwards , into the space between the two truck ! a flash , a split second to stare into Steve 's face , hold he there to be crush and ... 53. crash ! the one truck slam into the second , the vice close , metal crumpling . Bishop , at the last minute pull back by Steve who 's hold he there , smile . a beat . Bishop check the surroundings , nod . Steve release he . bishop ... good . very good . steve good ? that 's all you get ? how about God damn perfect , man ? bishop do not get cocky . steve Broad daylight . a thousand witness . man take a wrong step . Excuse I if I take a moment to appreciate myself . because that be poetry . ( laugh , smile ) you just can not bring yourself to be impressed , can you ? bishop consider , notice that the luna cromwell doll have fall in the gutter . pick it up , try to dry it . steve ( cont 'd ) ( hand to he ear ) what 's that ? you be what ? oh , you be impressed ? no , come on , you do not have to say that . really , I be fine with -- you what ? you have never see someone better ? wow . bishop all right . you do very well . steve damn straight I do . and now , in celebration of I , I be take you to a restaurant where the waitress ... what ? something about Bishop 's serious gaze have stop Steve . Bishop reach into he jacket , place a gun in Steve 's hand . a confuse beat , Steve conceal the weapon . steve ( cont 'd ) ... Bishop ? 54 . bishop there 's a man behind I . look up once , then look away . do not look back . Steve glance up . we realize we be right in front of the watch store . the owner be pull the steel grate down over he store , close for the day . bishop ( cont 'd ) you get he ? steve yeah . look ... bishop you do good here . really good . but this be just a game . that man ... be you graduation . steve who be he ? bishop he own the watch store . steve I know . I mean ... what do he do ? Bishop come close , focused . bishop I have teach you how to kill without anyone know there be a murder . I have teach you to be invisible . but that 's strategy , not kill . the real test ... it 's the actual kill , be not it ? steve Bishop ... bishop do you want this ? be very sure . because you can walk away . steve no. I be ready . Bishop study he ... nod . turn to go . steve ( cont 'd ) Bishop ... we be right here , where you want we to wind up . you know where I would hit you , do not you ? 55 . bishop ... School 's out . Bishop leave . Steve watch he go . stuck . helpless . he turn back . the owner be head home for the day . int . sushi restaurant - night Bishop sit back at he reserve table in the rear of the place . in a chair next to he , the doll be awkwardly perch . around he , people laugh . Lovers nuzzle .. he reach into he breast pocket , slide out a new dhl envelope , tear it open . a new jump -drive slide onto the table . he eat , take pill , he eye lock on the drive . bishop ( to luna doll ) who do you think that be , luna ? he take a card out of he wallet , study it . it 's from the flirtatious doctor . he pull out he phone , dial . ext . CITY STREET - night Steve sit in a nondescript car , light out , park . steve's p.o.v. : two storey up , a light apartment . the watch store owner cross by one of the light window . int . watch store owner' apartment - night the owner have a delicate vintage brietlang in he hand . he place it on a patch of velvet , watch - repair tool laid next to it . he move to a old stereo , put the needle of a turn - table down on spin vinyl . the lonely sound of brahm piano concerto no. 2 fill the room . he return to he desk , sit . a tiny noise from the hall . a " click . " he look up , see nothing , settles in to work ... tracking across the room to the front hallway . Steve stand in the hallway , motionless . he 's just close the front door behind he . in he hand , a lock - pick set which he now pocket and pull out the gun Bishop give he . int . hallway - night close on bishop . no way to tell where he be . he 's hold the luna doll . he reach forward , knock on a door . 56 . woman' voice ( from inside ) it 's open ! int . high rise apartment - night the woman 's apartment . not the doctor 's , the same we have be to before . everything eerily identical to the last time . sofas , gas fire , throw and rug , open bottle of wine . woman' voice I will just be a minute . a glimpse of the woman in she bedroom , topless in front of a vanity . she glance back , smile warm . laugh a little when she see the doll . bishop it 's for a friend . Bishop awkwardly set the doll down near the front door , move on , into the apartment . restless . bishop ( cont 'd ) I be sorry I be away so long this time . I have some complication -- woman' voice do not be . he turn . she 's emerge from the bedroom , adjust the dress she 's just pull on . beautiful . she come up to he , kiss he . he do not respond . she back off , move to the kitchen to pour two wine , woman you know who I see yesterday ? ( beat ) Bradley fliescher . he and Ginny have this little cottage up the coast they hardly use . I be think , maybe next week you and I should go . approach , hand he a wine . woman ( cont 'd ) you and I , the whole weekend . what would we ... do ? she approach he , sexy . touches he , intimate . he stare at she , blank . she recover fast , move off . woman ( cont 'd ) of course why do we need that ? we have each other right here . 57 . int . watch store owner' apartment - night carefully , slowly , Steve make he way down the hall towards the light live room . in the live room the owner pause , enjoy the crescendo of the music . eye close for a moment . then they open ... ... Steve be stand in the doorway to the live room , the gun point at the owner . the owner see he , become motionless . the two man stare across the space between they ... and then everything happen very fast . the owner lurch to the side with surprising speed and agility just as Steve fire ! the bullet catch the owner in the side , spinning he around . he crash to the floor ... ... but only for a instant . then he 's back on he feet , moving across the room ! Steve track , pull the trigger again but the gun only " click " empty . the man reach a coat rack , grab it in one fluid motion and be moving back at Steve who barely have time to drop the gun and block the rack as it slice through the air at he . the owner hit and hit again . Skilled , professional , martial - art train . Steve block one , two , the third hit connect , send Steve reeling back , crash through the watch - repair table . the owner leap at he with the rack . Steve be barely able to catch the end before it impale he . the two man , breathing , struggling , the owner forcing the point lower towards Steve 's face ... ... blood pool on Steve 's shirt . Steve and the owner both track it . the man be bleed badly from the bullet wound . a split-second calculation and the man abandon the coat - rack , race across the room as Steve clamber to he foot . the man reach the far wall , hit a release . the wood panele slide open , revealing a car - 15 fully automatic assault rifle with a silencer . the man grab it , open up ! bullet chew through furniture , drywall , glass search for Steve who dive into the hallway , retreate as the man come forward , fire in deadly precise burst . Steve hide behind a wall which erupt , blow to bit . he stumble through a doorway into a kitchen . 58 . int . high rise apartment - night stillness . the woman and Bishop , stare forward , watch another of she video . another late- night diary . she 's in a long shirt and panty , lean close to the camera . woman on camera ( quiet ) do you know what I dream ? I dream you and I have a child ... bishop turn from the screen , walk away . beat , she silence the tv , move to join he . woman I know , it 's crazy . I do not want to pin you down . I know you need you freedom . I just ... sometimes I miss you so much ... he 's stare at she , oddly . woman ( cont 'd ) what ? a beat . his eye move down to she sofa where another man' tie have be discard . a moment , then she shake she head , angry with herself . the pretense drop . the real woman scoop up the tie , toss in a drawer . woman ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . really , I be . I just ... you do not give I any warning this time . ( beat ) I be sorry , Bishop . it will not happen again . bishop ( nodding ) it 's okay . really . it 's okay . int . watch store owner' apartment - night with the owner . holding the car - 15 . listen for he target . his hand move to the wound in he side , come away cover in blood . another decision , the man slide the weapon over he shoulder , retreat ... ... moving with the man , through he apartment . he reach he bathroom , blow inside . toss the toilet tank to the side , reach in and come out with a military - grade stim needle which he jam into he own thigh . a moment with the owner , feel the drug course through he system , give he strength ... 59 . Steve come out of nowhere , hit the man in the head with a heavy copper pot , send he reeling back into the tub . Steve start forward , dive to the side as the man open back up , full auto , bullet chewing everything ... car - 15 finally click empty . Steve rise ... and the man be on he , kick he . Steve , roll away . the man pulling he back . wham ! wham ! Steve take brutal punch to the head and face . Blocks one and they grapple , roll in the tight space of the hallway , the man come up on top , pin Steve 's arm , slamming he in the rib . something snap . Steve scream , surge up with the man ... smash he through a small table , wind up on top of he , he hand around the owner throat ... the two man ... eye to eye . fierce , deadly . Steve squeezing the life out of he . the man 's free arm hitting Steve , over and over . brutal body blow . Steve take the punishment ... continue to squeeze ... ... finally , the man weaken . in he face ... a dull resignation . owner ( weakly ) who ... be ... you ? Steve do not answer , just keep pressing . and finally ... the man 's eye film over . he die . Steve just keep pressing . lock . horrify . stare into the dead man 's face . finally , he roll off . flop back against the wall , break , bleed , weep ... he scream . from the heart , the gut , release everything . int . high rise apartment - night Bishop sit at the woman 's dining room table . carefully , she come and take the seat opposite he . no pretense . the professional , not the actor . woman hey , Bishop . you okay ? he stare into he wine . raise the glass to drink . his hand shake . bishop do you remember , what you want to be , when you be a little girl ? she hear it , it wound she . look down . 60 . bishop ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , I do not mean ... I be think of I . she look up , clear eye . she 's tough . woman no , it 's okay . I want to be a Marine biologist . I use to watch that jaque cousteau movie and just ... dream . bishop what happen ? woman ( beat ) I be beautiful . he hear the simple truth of it , nod , respectful . he rise and go to the music box on the mantle , take out he wallet and remove the twenty $ 100 bill . woman ( cont 'd ) do not worry about it this time . on the house . a beat . then he slide the money under the box as before . bishop we all gotta make a live . he leave , grab the doll as he go . she watch he go , strangely . sadness break through she cool . int . local grocery - night Bell jingle as Bishop push in , hold the large luna cromwell doll . the grocer look up , smile as he see Bishop , then confuse as he take in the doll . a squeal of delight as Sophie appear , run , grab the doll out of Bishop 's hand . sophie thank you , thank you ! Bishop ! Mom ! mom ! she take off back into the live quarter of the house . the two man exchange look , uncomfortable . bishop I see that in a ... I be sorry , I probably should have ask . a small beat that say " yes , you should have . " 61 . grocer do not worry about it , Bishop . you have a good night . ext . bishop be home - night Bishop pull up in he vintage cobra . shut down the powerful engine , emerge into the night and move to he porch . the front door have be blown OPEN by gunfire . int . bishop be home - night Bishop move in silent , alert . he reach down under he sideboard for he gun . react as he hand find nothing . steve ( o.s. ) ... can I ask you a question ? steve sit on he sofa in the dark , head lower . bishop go ahead . steve be you surprised to see I ? beat . Steve reach over , turn on a table lamp as he look up . his face be bruise , bloody . his clothing , stain and rip . in he hand , Bishop 's gun from the sideboard . Bishop tense , do not react . Steve spit blood , smile . steve ( cont 'd ) guy own a watch -store , yet keep a million dollar apartment . supposedly sit on he ass all day , yet take stair double - time . ( beat ) it be sit there , right in front of my face , be not it ? Bishop do not respond . steve ( cont 'd ) be that the man who kill my father ? bishop there 's a code , to what we do . it may not be rational , but it matter . the man 's name be Harry xiao . he be a mechanic . last year a US Representative die in a fire ... along with he wife and two child . ( more ) 62 . bishop ( cont 'd ) a few month ago , a ceo vacation in costa rica be find dead with he wife . because the woman be torture , the authority believe it be drug related . steve Bishop ! -- bishop civilian casualty be very effective at hide intent , but there 's a line --- steve I do not give a damn about that ! you have not answer my question : do he kill my father ? Bishop do not react , then ... bishop you should put that behind you now . Steve nod , swallow emotion . Bishop start to move and Steve be suddenly there , still angry , point the gun right in Bishop 's face . steve I could have die today ! bishop you do not . steve blind fuck luck ! look at I ! you try to kill I ! that man be ... he be unstoppable . bishop but you stop he . steve fuck you ! you sonofabitch ! give I one good reason I do not blow you away right now ! one GOD damn reason ! fast , Bishop slap the gun away , pin Steve up against the wall . cold . bishop now I be sorry if you get a little scared . but this be not coach girl 's softball , be it ? this be life or death . every time you go into this , somebody die . ( more ) 63. bishop ( cont 'd ) every time , it 's you or the other man . so stop you cry . he release Steve who fall to the floor , suck air . bishop ( cont 'd ) you get what you come for , congratulation . you be do go back to you friend , you woman , you whole beautiful life . ( pointing ) that use to be my front door . try to close it on the way out . Bishop start to go . Steve 's word stop he . steve Bishop . that thing ... they do not mean anything to I . this , make sense . I do not know why . but I think I be mean to do this . ( beat ) and like you say , you could use someone . Bishop study Steve a long beat . shake he head , go into he study . Steve follow . int . study - night Bishop fire up the computer hook to the printer . he glance over . Steve be stand in the doorway . Bishop toss Steve the jump-drive . Steve study it , slot it into the computer . almost instantly , the phone ring . Bishop punch on speaker . the same silence . bishop we should all be so lucky . the phone go dead . the light on the drive turn GREEN . Bishop 's printer fire up . it start printing out page ... on bishop and steve . watch the page feed out . photo : a new Mark at a elegant gather of powerful man and woman . tall , powerful , entitle . his arm around a turkish beauty in a elegant black one- piece . emerging from a limousine at a large public event . Security everywhere . the same beauty on he arm . chart . height , weight , medical history . Bank account , figure . lease , deed of property . a last photo : peel out of the printer ... the woman , the beauty , in a diplomatic power-suit . 64 . a second to realize : she 's the mark . more picture , we have see this woman on television recently . on bishop and steve , reacting . then Bishop gesture towards the large empty wall , wait . bishop ( cont 'd ) you get start . I will make coffee . steve Bishop ... nemesis . devine retribution . ... what do she do ? beat . unsaid question ask , unanswer . steve ( cont 'd ) okay . okay . forget I ask . ext . embassy - day see through 30 x telescope . the image magnified , flat . the view unstable , move . just the low SOUND of wind . pan over upper-floor window , hesitate on a pair of armed security , make they round . camera " click " then move on . find the entrance . a line of people move through a metal detector . one young man in particular ... ext . entrance , embassy - day Steve collect he cell phone from the other side of a metal detector , slot a bluetooth and head in . Bishop 's voice fill he ear . bishop ( o.s. ) slow down as soon as you get inside . Security station will be to you leave ... Steve pass through a door , pause as two guard talk in the open doorway to a security control room . monitor visible . bishop ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) how many view ? steve ( eye move fast ) sixteen , no , eighteen . four second interval . one of the man notice Steve who start forward to ask a question . the man point he down the hallway towards the consulat 's reception . Steve 's eye track monitor . 65 . steve ( cont 'd ) make that four and a half second . int . build under construction - continuous Bishop be sighting through a camera affix to the telescope , headphone on . he 's on the 14th floor of a skyscraper under construction . cement pillar and steel - work . steve ( o.s. ) this guy be pack israeli- make uzis . couple be actual military . Bishop take in the other building across the street , then move he sight up the embassy , adjust a control p.o.v . - through the scope : large tinted glass window suddenly turn transparent . Bishop scan , find the Mark 's husband on the bed watch tv , bored . he scan again ... find the Mark in the adjoin room , on the phone and angry . Bishop touch a switch on the telescope and a small laser project . the woman 's voice fill Bishop 's headset : turkish envoy's voice no , we be literally lock in here . I be suppose to be present at the UN but I can not do that if everyone be go to panic about security ... int . build under construction - continuous Bishop 's scope zoom in tight on the Mark , stare at herself in the bathroom mirror . she 's brave . turkish envoy's voice ... this be America . people do not just kill people here . then she shut the door . Bishop move he focus upwards to a glass - in terreriam - like structure on the rooftop . a indoor swim pool . " click . " " click . " more picture . int . bishop' study - evening the same picture , now tack up . moving over the wall . meticulous study , day of work : blueprint of the building . service corridor highlight , surveillance camera mark , picture tack to location . Magazine and newspaper clipping about the Mark , showcase she beauty . 66 . headline : " the new ( and beautiful ) face of Turkey . " " the face that say " no " to America . " other material : Doctor 's report . time -tables , interval circle , hole note . Steve and Bishop study everything . Bishop , almost trance - like . Steve pace . bishop work it again . steve she never leave . it 's like they know we be come . bishop maybe they do . Steve nod , continue pace , scoops up Bishop 's cat and stroke she . Bishop watch he . steve Falls off the rooftop . bishop Falls or jump ? Steve move to the wall of picture , he gaze linger on shot of she on vacation be a swimsuit . steve ( smiling ) I tell you one thing , kill she be not the first thing that jump to mind ... what ? Bishop hear this , frown , move forward . his eye scan : the Mark at the pool , get ready to swim . the security ... bishop nothing . I be go for a run . you wanna come ? steve let I ask you something . you ever not feel like run 5 mile ? ext . wood - moment later bishop sprint / run through the wood around he house . body push to limit . in he eye , he mind somewhere far - off , work ... 67 . int . bishop be home - evening Steve , alone in Bishop 's home . he move from room to room . he hit the kitchen , look in the fridge , make a face at the empty shelf , the bottle of supplement . he move on , pause to stare at the gas fireplace in the study ... move on towards Bishop 's bedroom , take in the king bed . run a finger across the headboard , dusty . he stare at the large painting across from the bed ... bishop ( o.s. ) you like it ? Steve react . do not hear Bishop come in . steve I do not know . feel disturb . bishop always make I feel ... understand . ( beat ) come on . int . bishop' study - continuous Steve follow Bishop to the wall of research on the female mark . Bishop point to some old research on the Mark , glamorous . she be a model . bishop the Mark be a beautiful woman . before arrive at she current position , she enjoy the way man look at she . that 's go now . she need to be take seriously . she hate that man only see the beauty . magazine , head of state , all focus how what a piece of tail she be . like you do . Steve squint ... Bishop slap a picture of the pool , the Mark swim . two security agent position . bishop ( cont 'd ) why be he stand here ? would not he get better coverage ... here ? steve ... he can not see she . bishop he can not see she . neither of they can . beat . phone ring . Bishop snap it up . 68 . bishop ( cont 'd ) Bishop . dean ( o.s. ) hey , Bishop . catch you at a bad time ? Bishop do not respond . wait ... dean ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) always the conversationalist . anyway , just call to say we would like you to go ahead with this one . as soon as you can . click . phone go dead . Bishop hang it up . Steve look at he , anticipate ... Bishop nod . int . restaurant - dusk Nice downtown joint . businesspeople dine . second-story tinted glass look out over downtown . tracking over face , laugh , drink , relieved to be do for the week ... find Bishop , sit alone , watch the people . the flirtation , the animosity ... he look down at the street below where a ups driver have exite the building . Steve break the frame , sit down across from Bishop . bishop run it again . steve patrol number three move down the service corridor at 18:50 . five minute window after to make it up top . Three minute climb to position . that 's 18:54 . Three minute window to engage . shake , stir , add lime and enjoy . Bishop smile , look away . steve ( cont 'd ) how would you get into it ? Bishop look back , surprised . check he watch . bishop ... this business , it 's not like there 's a degree you can go get . it 's like most trade , it get pass down . ( beat ) ( more ) 69 . bishop ( cont 'd ) my father be very good , better than I will ever be . but no one control 100 % . the nature of the work be that some people know who you be and what you do . ( beat ) a man tell he girlfriend , to impress she . the girlfriend tell some people she own money to ... Bishop finish he glass of water . bishop ( cont 'd ) I be young . it take I four month to find the people , another to find the girl , and she give I the man . that 's how I ... " get into it . " steve you ever wish you just ... walk away ? let it go ? bishop sure . every day . but I be not wire that way . ( beat ) what about you ? beat . Steve and Bishop , oddly lock ... boom ! boom ! boom ! Three SMALL explosion in the kitchen . flame shoot out of the galley . a cook stumble out , on fire . a waiter douse he with water . people scream ! alarm blare ! Steve and Bishop . they have not move a muscle . bishop ( cont 'd ) here we go ... and they be moving . int . security station , embassy - evening security take a call as another man study he monitor : people flee the building across the street , smoke . security Fire in the restaurant . ( into radio , turkish ) patrol two and five , we be close down the front entrance . 70 . int . suite , embassy - evening the MARK stand at she closet , start to unbutton she shirt to change for she swim . she pull it close as one of she security knock and push into the room from a balcony . security pro Excuse I , ' mam . there 's a fire next door , nothing to worry about . the Mark nod . the man lock the door behind he , cross the room , leave through the main door , professional . int . stairwell - evening Steve and Bishop push upward through a stream of people flooding down the emergency stair . they reach a heavy door , lock and alarmed . beat . Three people burst out from the inside . Steve catch the door and they be through ... int . law office - continuous a few lawyer and a secretary still collect they thing look up as Bishop and Steve push in , hold up badge . steve hey ! you need to get out ! Whole building be go up ! Bishop and Steve move on as the startle employee leave . they move down five door , push into ... int . lawyer' office - continuous a private office . desk , computer , a handwritten note read " leave mail here , will be back Wednesday . " a box from ups which Bishop tear open . Inside , what look like a large weapon . Steve go to the window , push they open . p.o.v . - the embassy across : change its security pattern . Men be leave post on exterior patio , lock door . below , the excess manpower be channel to the front . Bishop turn , fire out the window . a cable streak across , sink into the wall of the embassy 30 foot away . Bishop hook the cable on this side , toss the gun in the box . Steve seal it with tape , slap a return label on it . he cross the hall , toss it in the mail room . when he return , Bishop 's already secure the cable outside . bishop ready ? 71 . Steve hook on as well , they be both wear harness under they clothing . he step out onto the ledge with Bishop , close the window behind he . Bishop let himself fall backwards . ext . street - night flash light of the fire truck . no one see the two figure slide silently from building to building above , disappear over a 4th story railing . ext . balcony , embassy - night Steve land next to Bishop who unfasten the cord they use to cross , spool it back to they . a look . no way back now , and no trace leave behind . jacket strip , reverse to the pattern of the embassy Security . a quick lock pick , and they slip inside . int . roof level , embassy - night Elevator door open and the Mark get out . she nod to the guard on duty , head into a change room . int . security control room , embassy - night two guard monitor screen : corridor , room , entrance and exit . pair of guard make they round . close in on one pair . something about they ... the guard squint just as the image change , show another part of the embassy . the guard hit a toggle , return the previous image ... but Bishop and Steve be go . int . changing room , embassy - night the Mark pull the strap of she swimsuit up over she shoulder . stare in a mirror as she tuck strand of hair under a swim cap . int . indoor pool - night quiet , light from overhead by large halogen light hang from the hanger- like beam structure . Dark shadow in the corner . the low sound of water lap , light reflect off the water , move over wall . 72 . the Mark enter , and hang up she robe . she go to the edge of the pool , look down into the water , then glance up at the guard who 's station across the space . he nod back to she , move to the lower space , give she a little privacy . ext . pool structure - night a second guard look in , rudely check out the Mark as she dive into the water and out of sight . he shrug , look back out at the roof , lift a cigarette to light ... pause . across the roof , a access door be open . int . indoor pool - night the Mark swim , hard . cut through the water . she reach the far wall and kick -turn against it . underwater . her body pass above we . silhouett by the strong halogen light above she . only the throbbing silence of underwater . across the space . the indoor guard check in on he radio . look up as the door nearest he swing open . he rise , approach the door , curious . look out . he p.o.v. : the rooftop , light by security light , the strobing of the firetruck below . Dark shadow . he hear a rustling , a banging . torn , he glance backwards . can not see the Mark in the pool from here , but can hear she stroke . with the MARK she kick hard , dive under ... and we be in she p.o.v . the far wall approach , then we revolve as she turn , now look up at the surface as she backstroke to the surface , breaking the surface , now swim face up to the bright light hang from the girder ceiling . ext . pool structure - night the second Guard test the door . seem fine . take out he flashlight and play it over the roof . see nothing . we reverse to find Steve there , tuck away , just out of sight . across the roof the first guard reach the source of the noise : a plastic bag , catch in a revolve air vent . he pull it free . 73. int . indoor pool - continuous with the Mark , come out of another turn , still backstroke , look up . she make it half way across the pool ... pause . she slow ... float , stare upwards into the light . her p.o.v . the light . but it 's like she sense something beyond they , put a hand up to shield she eye ... and bishop drop from the ceiling , free -fall , coming straight down at her !!!! she open she mouth to scream ... whuumph ! he go in , take she with he underwater , he momentum carry they both several foot under . she twist in he arm , fight . scream , bubbles flowing from she mouth ! above the surface . it 's silent . no sign of the violent struggle go on below the surface . across the room . Guard number one return , glance up towards the pool . do not hear anything . he sit back in he chair . underwater . the struggle be violent , silent , terrible in it 's inevitable conclusion . the Mark writhes and jerk but Bishop hold she tight , always pull she away from the surface . finally , the fight go out of she . she go limp in he arm . he turn she , stare into she unsee eye . then let she go , rise slowly to the surface . at the surface . Bishop just break , breathe in , silent . he raise himself slightly , see the guard at he post . across the room . the guard glance back towards the pool , have not hear anything for a little bit ... bam ! bam ! bam ! a new noise from outside get he attention again . he head out , hand on he sidearm ... ext . pool structure , rooftop - night the guard approach the same door Guard # 2 already check , bang in the wind . open again . he start to move towards it when a figure loom , he almost draw he weapon , breathes relief when he make Guard # 2 . guard # 2 ( turkish ) it 's the second time it 's come open . she still swim ? 74 . int . pool structure - night the two Guards come into the pool area . on the far wall , the shower be run , a towel have fall over the drain and the water be flow down and into the pool . one of the man step forward , concerned ... guard # 2 ( turkish ) oh hell ... the Mark float face - up in the pool , just under the surface . int . changing room , embassy - night Bishop have already shed he wet clothing , pull on dry clothes as Steve come into the room . they barely acknowledge each other , business . Bishop stuff the wet clothes in a bag , dump it into a laundry chute . steve how do it go -- bishop not yet . as if on cue , a alarm blare . excite voice come on over a embassy wide PA system . voice from the next room . Bishop open the chute again as Steve crack a glowstick , put it between he tooth , swing he leg in , and drop . across the room . the door to the dress room open , armed guard flood in , along with embassy official speak on radio . the room be empty . int . laundry chute - continuous tight , pitch black except for the eerie glow come from the glowstick Bishop and Steve have in they tooth . they slide fast , the side of the tube rushing up at they . and then suddenly a dim light at the bottom , rise fast ... int . service room , emabassy - continuous Steve land hard in a cart of towel . rise and push himself out of the way just in time for Bishop who grab the pack he toss down , shoulder it , and they be moving again , now through sub-corridors . steve alright , you gotta admire that . you gotta admit , we be a spooky good team ... 75 . they push through a set of old door , move fifteen foot to a metal roll - down door . steve ( cont 'd ) it 's like one moment we be there ... the next moment ... he roll up the door . stare at a new wall of cement brick . steve ( cont 'd ) ... we be fuck . Bishop take in the problem , start to solve it . he track leave right , consider option ... steve ( cont 'd ) there be not any sign of this on the plan . I go over they fifty time !! this be not suppose to be here ! this can not be here ! Bishop hold up a finger . " shhhhhh " they listen . a soft " beep . " both man peer around the edge of the metal door to where a small box with a red light blink . steve ( cont 'd ) Bishop ... what do we do !? bishop duck ... Steve look at Bishop and boom ! Doors blow OPEN , three guard burst through , machine gun raise and spitting ... Steve hit the deck . watch Bishop , it 's like everything we have see so far be in slow motion . this be the real thing , unleash . Bishop wrap the first man up , use he kevlar vest as a shield to catch the fire from the other two . the man scream as he arm break . Bishop get control of he weapon , focus it on the other two . one be blown back . the other dive for cover . fluid , Bishop reverse the man , push he away from he , come up with two of the man 's flash - bang in each hand . each hand dial the grenade 's timer to two different setting , simultaneously popping the lever . second attacker fire a burst which Bishop duck , the bullet stitching across the first attacker , slamming he back , he round tearing into the ceiling , shower Steve in debris . Bishop throws the first grenade which reach the attacker just as he rise for another shot . boom ! 76 . another down as another attacker dive through the door at Bishop who wrap the man up , he finger find pressure point on the man who go limp in he arm , dead . on steve . on the floor , witness everything . even in the chaos , recognize the move . Bishop shove the last grenade down the front of the dead attacker 's clothes , wheel he around , pressing he against the concrete brick wall ... ... two more Security kick open a door , gun fire ! Bishop go horizontal , he leg crushing the one man against the metal grate even as he return fire at the other two who fall back and boom ! the grenade go off ! Bishop be hurled against the far wall . smoke and debris fill the space . Bishop move , haul Steve to he foot and shove he into the rag hole blow in the brick wall even as bullet trace after they . a bullet catch Bishop in the side , he sprawl , then leap towards the hole ... int . underground parking structure - night cover in the floor be toss aside . Bishop and Steve emerge , move 6 foot to a non-descript buick . climb in . the key be wait , Bishop start it up , drive up the ramp . next to he , Steve be catatonic , lose . as he drive , Bishop rip a strip from he shirt , pad the wound in he side . bishop hey ! hey ! you still here ? steve ... it be my fault . I be in charge of the exit . I look at every work order , every entry in the building log ... bishop no one control 100 % that 's the nature of the beast . Steve swallow , nod as Bishop bring the buick around a last corner , accelerate at the close gate in front of they , a turkish guard wave he arm frantically ... ext . street - night firetrucks and ambulance already crowd the street . there 's just no time or extra manpower leave to react to the buick which plow through the gate of the lock garage . 77 . int . buick - continuous two block behind , a single police car follow . Bishop take a hard turn , move fast . bishop hey ! you do good in there . you hear I ?. it be ask a lot . you come through . Steve nod , processing , accept . another turn . Bishop slide the car to a stop in a cover lot . across from they , Bishop 's own cobra wait . behind they , the police car tear by , lose . int . bishop be car - night Bishop drive down the small lane lead to he home . Steve be stare out he window , deep in think . finally , look over . for the first time take in Bishop 's injury . steve you be bleed . bishop ... yup . steve so back there . that be one hundred percent ? Bishop look over , give nothing . tiny smile . int . bishop be home - night door open and Bishop and Steve come in . Steve plop in a chair , head in he hand . a beat , and then music filter in . Neil Young 's " needle and the damage done . " he raise he head , see light glow from the study . int . study - continuous Bishop sit in a chair , eye close . Steve come in , stare at Bishop . look over and admire the surface of the spin record ... steve do you think you know it , when you have make the mistake you will not survive ? or will it be like the Marks ? wake up on top of the world , never know ... 78 . Steve glance into the open cabinet where Bishop keep he vinyl , freeze . come out with a sign album . steve ( cont 'd ) ... oh my God . this be a sign hendrix axis , 1967 release . this have gotta be worth ... we have to play this . you have to play this . bishop ( shaking head no ) that one ... be for a special moment . have not find it yet . steve you have not find the ... be you kid ? you have to -- what ? Bishop 's eye shoot open . he look out the window where a series of sedan be pull up . Men get out , approach . bishop this could get ... interesting . ext . bishop be home - night Bishop step out of he home . one of the several man there step forward . man Mr. Bishop ? Mr. Dean would like a moment of you time . off Bishop who ... nod . ext . airstrip - night sedan pull up , Bishop be escort onto a private jet . int . bishop be home - night Steve stand in the middle of Bishop 's home . Home alone . -- Steve stare at the classic vinyl on Bishop 's turntable . -- Steve , wiring he ipod to Bishop 's stereo . nine inch Nails ' " piggy " come blast out , insult the speaker . -- Steve move to the bedroom , stare at the haunt painting . he reach forward , take it down . nothing . blank wall behind . 79 . int . bishop' study - night Steve blast in , light glow on , illuminate the wall of research on the female Mark . he go to the gas fireplace , flame flicker up . Steve rip down the picture of the woman . move to the fire and feed the first one in . on steve , watch . his eye ... track to the side . steve's p.o.v. : down , below the fire , stick to the side of the interior cavity ... a scrap of paper ... Steve kill the fire , reach in , carefully remove the scrap of paper . a corner of a photograph . a few building , distant , out of focus . almost nothing . int . bathroom , private jet - early morning Bishop , shirtless , stare in the mirror . he check the wound in he side , splashes vodka from a handful of mini bottle , painfully re-wrap the wound . int . private jet - early morning Bishop emerge from the bathroom , peer out at the grey monolith of Washington D.C. , below . ext . rooftop , mckenna holding corp - morning Gray morning . wind blow . Steve stand alone , hold the scrap of photograph , now in a plastic envelope . he stare at where the chalk line have almost completely fade , then look up , take in the view , vantage point . a half mile away a building under construction rise high . ext . airfield - morning Bishop step off the plane . another sedan and driver wait . ext . OPEN construction floor - morning p.o.v. through a camera : the mckenna holding Corp building . image focus on the rooftop , shutter click . Steve lower the camera , look at the display . he remove the scrap from Bishop 's fireplace , compare it ... the same building in the corner of the frame . perfect match . on steve . no remain doubt . Bishop kill he father . 80 . wider . the security professional be up here with Steve , hang back . Steve nod to he . steve do it . I do not care what it cost . I /e. sedan - morning Driver pull the sedan to a stop in front of a large nondescript building . Bishop step out , alone on the street , pass through the morning commuter , and go in . int . national security build - morning Bishop pass through a security checkpoint . Post 9/11 , hyper-conscious . Metal detector . smart guard back up by battle - ready US Marines . Bishop collect he id , wait for a door to " click " open . int . waiting room , NSA build - morning Bishop sit in a fluorescent light room , now with a bar- code badge on he coat . a few other people also wait . Bishop check he wound , pull he coat close to mask where blood have stain he shirt . a door open and a plain woman nod to Bishop . int . dean's office - morning Bishop sit in a chair . through blind , view of gray DC . wider . we realize that the plain woman be sit across from Bishop , watch he . finally , the door open and dean enter . pasty white , slightly bald . it 's hard to locate where the sense of power come from , but it 's there , innate . he motion to the woman who leave . Dean sit at he desk , tap he finger on it . dean you look like shit . ( beat ) how do Harry mckenna 's son figure in ? bishop he 's go to be work with I from now on . dean you sure that 's wise ? 81 . bishop do I need you permission ? dean no ... and for the record , I do not believe you would ask for it . Dean grab a remote control on he desk , point it at the set of flatscreen on the wall which hum to life , mute . News report feature the kill of the turkish embassador . Shots of the woman , smile . helicopter shot of the pool structure . word scroll : " terror on we soil . " " assassination ! " " US envoy eject from Turkey ... " dean ( cont 'd ) ( pointing ) that be my baby . but my baby have turn into a epic shit-storm and so when the man who cause say epic shit storm suddenly decide to do some soul-search ... ( plainly ) what be you do , Bishop ? bishop the mistake be mine , not the kid 's . dean I don't care . Dean lean in , intense . Bishop watch the screen . a screen change to a commercial for a Bahamas resort . dean ( cont 'd ) I be on some very fuck thin ice right now which mean you be on some very fuck this ice as well . bishop someone I train . that could be worth a lot to you . Dean laugh , rise with nervous energy and go to the interior blind , raise one . from here they can see out over the office . glimpsis of a dozen conversation . other man and woman at work . more than a couple glance over towards Dean 's office . a predatory vibe . dean and here I think we be both go to live forever . Bishop smile . Dean stare at he . Bishop stare back . suddenly , this become the moment , the decision ... 82. dean ( cont 'd ) you know , in this business , you only get one mistake . ( off the flatscreen ) so nothing more like that . you take full responsibility . bishop yes . the two man , face to face . then Dean 's phone ring . he turn to it , snap it up . dean ( on phone ) hey , stanley . yes , we be all sort out . I just need you to -- bishop the hit , on the woman . what be the reason ? Dean look back , surprised , angere . dean ( on phone ) I be call you back . Dean click off , take in this change of rule . a dead seriousness infect he voice . fear . dean ( cont 'd ) you know , this foul - up , mckenna 's son , it 's all get some people 's panty in a real twirl . ( beat ) this be not the time for question . this be the time for survival . everyone ... be expendable . beat . Dean turn away , pick up the phone again . dean ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) yeah , get I Stan again ... ext . mckenna estate - afternoon Steve lay out by he pool , sunglass , baking under the sun as he group of hanger - on swarm around he . play , dance , splash . he 's immune to all of it . Louise climb from the pool , water drip off she perfect form . she nestle in behind Steve , she hand run over he body . he stare straight ahead , as if she do not exist . 83. louise come on , baby . what 's the matter ? finally , something do catch he attention : at the gate , a dhl Van pull up , the driver head toward he . Steve lower he glass . ext . bishop be home - evening see from far away , the sedan pull up . Bishop get out . int . bishop be home - night Bishop enter , look around . no sign of Steve , or any disturbance . he move through the house . bishop Steve ! Steve ...!? later Bishop tense , in he study , hold the phone which ring ... ring ... Steve 's voice come on the voicemail : " hi , this be Steve . you know what to do . " later Bishop , sit on he couch . on the tv in front of he , image from a protest in Turkey , a american flag burn . Bishop 's eye flick to the stack of dvd from the woman . no . he keep watch the news image . his phone ring . he snatch it up . bishop ( cont 'd ) Bishop . steve ( o.s. ) you be still alive . bishop seem that way . steve ( o.s. ) hey , can you meet I ? something I want to talk with you about . Bishop , silent . steve ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) it 's important . come up to the house . please , okay ? bishop okay . 84 . ext . mckenna estate - night Bishop 's sportscar pull up in front of the large estate . Bishop get out , survey the grounds . weirdly quiet . the window of the house , dark . the grounds , empty . he move to the gate to the back yard , find they open . he push through , cautious . ext . mckenna estate - night Bishop move towards the darken pool area . as he approach , Steve come into view , stand by himself on the edge of the diving board in the center of the dark space . steve there you be . thanks for come . bishop what 's on you mind ? Steve just smile , shake he head . Bishop stare at he , tense , confuse . each try to read the other . then Steve raise a bottle of whiskey to he mouth , drink . Bishop take a step forward and ... ... light wash the space ! explosion ! SOUND fill the AIR ! voice surprise ! Bishop duck , roll , he hand move under he jacket ... ... but not come out with he gun . he take in a surprise party , open in front of he . beautiful woman , laughing , blow horn . Men , pour champagne . streamer fall to the ground where second before they blow into the air , a large banner , illuminate behind Steve : " happy birthday arthur ! " and Steve , stand on the board , master of ceremony , stare back at Bishop ... oddly cool , dispassionate . then he smile . Bishop rise . woman come to he , touch he , put a party hat on he and give he small kiss with wish of " happy birthday " as he move to the pool edge across from Steve . bishop it 's not my birthday . steve when be the last time you celebrate you real birthday ? no response from Bishop . Steve nod , swig the bottle again . he 's light , something fierce and fiery in he eye . 85 . steve ( cont 'd ) see ? you be overdue , buddy . bishop who be this people ? steve they think you be a friend of mine , a producer , from Canada . ( beat ) in other word , they be all you best friend . ext . pool area , mckenna estate - night ( later ) Bishop sit on a outdoor sofa , surround by several gorgeous aspire model . Steve sit across from he , Louise under he arm . Bishop watch as one of the model tie a cherry - stem into a knot with she tongue , present it to the group to a round of applause . model ( to bishop ) so what movie have you make ? steve ( jumping in ) oh , he make the really violent , disturbing stuff . you would not know it to look at he , I know , but what 's lock up away in there ... ( tapping he head ) frighten , man . model God , I love that . which one -- bishop Mr. kckenna have a creative relationship with the truth . I do not actually ... the model glance around , unsure ... model oh , okay . that 's funny . so what do you do ? steve yes , Mr. Bishop . what do you do ? Bishop do not respond . he 's just stare down . bishop be p.o.v. : discard , lie beneath the sofa the model be perch on : the tear-strip from a dhl envelope . 86 . steve ( cont 'd ) come on , Mr. Bishop . we be all wait . Bishop look up at Steve who smile back . a beat , and then Bishop be up and move through the crowd , push by people laughing , dancing . he almost run into a bright blue-haire woman on the arm of a jockish rapper . bishop Excuse I ... he come up short , realize he 's stare into the face of the woman . she 's utterly different than we have see she . tonight , she 's the clubbing party - girl . Dark lipstick , bright blue wig , heavy eye-liner . bishop ( cont 'd ) hi. woman hi ... this be strange . the rapper she 's with have find a group of he buddy . High - fives all around . he glance around for he date ... bishop be he you ...? woman no , just a job . ( off he nod ) I have to ... bishop I know . go on . she nod , turn away . he also turn , start move through the crowd , push through dancing body ... ... and suddenly she 's back with he . no word . light and sound and dance around they . she lean forward , kiss Bishop once . back off , smile , turn away and make she way back to the guy she come in with who tuck she under he arm without miss a beat , mid-story with he posse . Bishop ... stare . turn away as the music stop . Steve 's voice fill the outdoor space , amplify . steve lady and gentleman ! the man of the hour ! a spotlight hit Bishop . he squint up as the crowd make space for he . Steve 's near the dj , speak on a mic . 87 . steve ( cont 'd ) I know that not many of you know my friend . my good , dear ... friend . I mean , he 's a man of few word ... and he 's a art lover ! do you know that ? his home be cover with work . it 's amazing , what you can find in there . amazing . a weird beat . Steve , smile fierce . steve ( cont 'd ) happy birthday , Arthur . behind Steve , a cover object . Steve now turn to it , pull the cover off a portrait of Bishop , clearly do by the artist he collect . the image be twisted , vivid , disturbing . as the crowd erupt in applause the artist himself now come forward , Steve 's arm around he shoulder and bump fist before the artist head on towards Bishop , shaking Bishop 's hand . face beam . people clap . on Bishop , just look at Steve who stare back ... unreadable . ext . mckenna estate - night Bishop bang out a door into the front drive , make it to he car , fumble for he key . sweating , off-kilter . steve ( o.s. ) hey , you forget something . Steve 's there , hold the portrait . Bishop nod , take it . bishop sorry ... sorry for leave . I be just not use to -- steve no worry , man . it 's you party . you can leave it . ( beat ) it 's true , be not it ? what you say to I the first time we meet . bishop what 's that ? steve this thing we do . finally , you always do it alone . Bishop nod unconsciously , start towards he car , force himself to stop . 88. bishop Steve ... thank you . steve uh-oh . I can feel some male bond come . we gonna hug it out , Bishop ? bishop no , I be serious . thank you . people do not ... anyway , it 's be a long time , since someone do something for I . Steve look back , nod . strangely dark . steve happy birthday , Arthur . Steve raise a hand , shoot Bishop with a finger . a wink , and he turn and be go , back to the party . Bishop climb into he car , pull away . int . bishop be car - moment later Bishop drive the car out of mckenna 's estate , pull out onto the street . he start to accelerate away ... then stop the car in the middle of the street . on bishop . Fighting what he gut be scream at he . lose it , pounding on the steering wheel . suddenly still ... ext . pool area , mckenna estate - night Party rage on , oblivious to the absence of its recipient . suddenly face turn upward ... to where Steve be look down on everyone from a third story balcony over the pool . steve ( calling out ) be you all have fun ! shout and nods . laughter . steve ( cont 'd ) I despise each and every one of you ! more shout , laughter . Steve leap out into space . perfect huge swim dive ... fall ... hitting the water . a moment of silence ... do he ? be that deep enough ...? Steve erupt out of the water . Party roar back into life . 89 . ext . ground , mckenna estate - continuous High above the festivity . Bishop slip over the wall , make he way down towards the estate . int . mckenna estate - moment later Dark and empty in here , party raging outside . Bishop enter Steve 's bedroom . messy , the bed unmade . a woman 's underthings lie on the floor . Bishop survey the room , check drawer , peer down into the party below . he can see Steve in the middle of it all , Louise on he arm , he hand on she ass . Bishop move to the office door , lock . he slide a pick - set out of he pocket , get to work . int . office , mckenna estate - night the door lock " click " and Bishop enter , close the door after himself and lock it , turn around ... the room have be stripped of everything that be in here last time . gone be the painting , the portrait , the memento . all trace of Harry mckenna , remove . instead , a single desk inhabit the center of the room , a small computer monitor and keyboard center on it . Bishop come around , touch a key on the keyboard . the monitor glow to life with a single " password " prompt . Bishop stare at it . he sit , stare , concentrate ... ext . pool area , mckenna estate - continuous Steve have move to the edge of the raise patio , look down into the valley . his eye still , deep , impossible to read . louise hey ! hey baby ! Karen 's get some amazing E. you need to come try ... Steve turn that cool eye on she . she shrink . we think he might slap she , then : steve give I a moment . I will be right there . we will do that amazing E. and he look away , back down over the view . a resign loneliness settling into he feature . 90 . int . office , mckenna estate - night ( later ) Bishop , just stare at the password prompt which throbs in front of he . beat . his eye flick across to the few book lie on the desk . weaponry , physiology ... Greek mythology . Bishop reach forward , type " nemesis . " Hit enter . a moment ... and then we mind be blow . the entire wall of the room in front of Bishop glow to life . it 's a one large high - resolution monitor . on it , glow a infinitely detailed work - up on Bishop . a photograph on he glow at the center of the screen , change every three or four second to another . this be Bishop 's method , bring into the 21st century . account , Medical chart , psych profile , associate , residence ... Bishop approach ... take it in . touches " account " and the window spread out across the whole wall . multiple window , all of Bishop 's money , display in real time , the number subtly change with the flow of foreign market . another window above be label " associate . " Bishop touch this one and the financial window be replace with a collage of face . not too many . we recognize the store owner and he daughter . Steve himself . a older man " Gerald Bishop , " Bishop 's father . and a photo of the woman . Bishop touch the woman and multiple image propagate out from the single . many still , but several be in motion , looping : childhood movie . a commercial do as a teen . a blue movie when she be 20 . Bishop 's eye settle on a video image : he and the woman , catch just a hour ago in the middle of the dance party . the woman lean to he , kissing he . Bishop stare at the image , then touch another image label " residence . " instantly , the image be replace with image of the interior and exterior of Bishop 's home . Bishop stare at they , confuse . squint ... realize that in one of the image , the tree lightly sway in the breeze . bishop huh . his eye dart to a image of he dine room . it look like a still , until suddenly bishop ' cat pass through the frame . bishop ' eye dart , move from frame to frame . the whole interior of he life . his live room , bedroom , study , gym . all live feed . bishop ( cont 'd ) Son of a bitch ... 91 . int . bedroom , mckenna estate - night ( later ) door burst open , Steve push in , he arm wrap around Louise and another gorgeous woman from the party . as the two woman hit the bed , start undress each other , Steve take a moment -- sense . something not right . he pull key from he pocket , unlock the study door , peer in . steve's p.o.v. : the study - empty louise ( o.s. ) come on , Steve . we need you . int . dive bar - night low end . mean man and loose woman . Metal on the juke . Duct - tape naugahyde . bartender on parole . eye raise as Bishop push in , scattered focus , hit the bar . bishop whiskey . neat . lot of it . Bishop fumble in he pocket , bring out a thick wad of cash . $ 100s and $ 20 . eye track . at a booth , two ex con lock onto Bishop , one sport a middle - finger raise fu tattoo on he bare shoulder . Bishop push $ 100 forward . bartender that 's too much . Bishop grab the shot , down it . pushes the empty shot and the cash back at the bartender . bishop I be not go anywhere . a hour later another shot be put down on the bar , empty . Bishop wipe watery eye , nod to the bartender to hit it again . Bishop stare at the drink , then he attention be draw to the bar tv . footage from the protest in Turkey be narrate by a news anchor , speak . female news anchor ... Intelligence service can listen to we call . but what about the rest of the world ? ( more ) 92 . female news anchor ( cont 'd ) well , today the answer seem to be ' no " as outrage over the assassination of the turkish envoy bahar miryem have force the US to reverse its position , now say that it will not make it support of Turkey 's EU bid contingent on its cooperation in the security agreement . miryem have always advocate for turkish autonomy from -- bartender hit a remote , annoyed . Channel change to a 70' Charles bronson flick . Bishop blink , shake he head ... he collect himself , weave out of the bar . the ex - con watch he go . ext . CITY street - night Bishop weave he way into a alley to piss . relieve himself on a wall . done , he zip up , turn ... wham ! one of the ex - con catch he across the face with a punch . Bishop reel back against the wall . bishop ... more . wham ! wham ! Bishop take the punch , no defense . face punish . the guy back off , slightly wind . ex con dude , you do not want any more , give we that money . Bishop shake he head . wham ! wham ! two more hit to the body . Bishop just keep take the punishment . seem to relish it . spit blood . bishop look , I will give you my money , but you have to promise I you will not spend it all on lipstick and tampon . ex con # 2 pull a gun , put it to Bishop 's head . ex con # 2 you wanna die right here , motherfucker ? Bishop raise he eye to the man . not so drunk after all . bishop ... thank you . 93. int . bishop be home - night Bishop sit at he dining room table , stare straight ahead . his face be cut , he flesh swollen . he stare . if paranoia and loneliness have a face , this be it . reverse to find the artist 's portrait of he , hang on the wall across , a surreal and distort mirror . he chew he food steady , even , acutely aware he 's be watch . we linger on the small camera eye tuck in the high corner of the room , stare down ... int . office , mckenna estate - continuous Steve sit half - naked in the office chair , the high - tech wall illuminate in front of he . in the bed in the other room , the two woman be asleep , nude , drape over each other . Steve watch Bishop leave he table . he hit a control and the image shift , pick up Bishop check he mail , grab a baseball cap from a rack as Bishop move to he de , settles into a chair face the television . can not see he face , just the back of the cap on he head , the tv screen , set to white static . he touch a key and the image zoom in on Bishop , move slightly ... louise ( o.s. ) ( sleepy ) Steve ...? where be you , baby ? int . bishop be home - night the tv purr static , white flicker light fill the room . we slowly turn , reversing , to find : the baseball cap , hold up at the top of the chair by a pillow . no sign of Bishop . ext . bishop be home - night Bishop move through shadow . he know the position of the camera , avoid they , head towards he barn . int . barn - night Bishop enter , turn on light . he thread he way through he collection of beautiful automobile until he reach the far wall . he roll up a large steel door ... ... revealing a wall , cover with he research on Steve . lot of it , week of work . he move forward to a paper that list stat about Steve that include a blank space for " occupation : " Bishop fill it in : " mechanic . " 94 . suddenly light wash across the space . Bishop glance out : a van be make it 's way up the drive . int . office , mckenna estate - night the wall - size monitor glow Steve 's face as he watch the dhl driver get out , make he way to the door , knock ... Steve 's eye flick to what he can see of Bishop , asleep in the chair . no movement ... Steve leans forward , interested . the dhl Driver knock again , ring the bell . still no motion ... and then Bishop rise from the chair , make he way to the door . Steve watch Bishop signing , close the door and move into he live room where he open the package , consider the small jump - drive that slide into he hand . on steve . watch . int . bishop' study - morning close on Bishop 's weight rp turntable . the needle come down ... touch spin vinyl . Stones ' " Sympathy for the Devil " croon out . on bishop , tack up page , photograph , financial . we do not get a clear look , but some page be redact , there 's government letterhead . personnel file , budget , itinerary . many stamp " classified . " Bishop draw line , connection . toss some page down , pin other higher . work it . he back off , stare through we . int . bishop be home - morning Steve push in , look around , track towards the study . steve hello ? Bishop ? he enter the study , see the wall , the night 's work . in the center , a photograph of Dean , Bishop 's boss . bishop ( o.s. ) there you be . Bishop be lean in from outside . nod to Steve . steve so who be he ? 95 . bishop ... US government . NSA . very well protect . steve what happen to you ? bishop you should see the other guy . Bishop toss Steve a object , go back outside . Steve look at it . a welder be helmet with visor . ext . bishop' back patio - morning Steve come out to find Bishop work intently on a chemical project . he 's pour a black plastic-like substance into a shallow mold create a quarter-sized object . extreme care . steve what 's that ? bishop this ... be liquid semtex with a build in combustible . very volatile . Nice and shiny once it dry . but do not ... scratch it . Bishop take a knife , scratch the surface of the coin-size disc , then back off , by Steve , back into int . study - continuous steve so that 's how we take he out ? bishop ( shaking he head ) no . that 's just to focus the mind . steve you make bomb to focus you mind . bishop what do you do ? ( beat , off the Wall ) this one 's different . they want it fast , and they do not want it to look like a accident . someone want to send a message . steve like with my father . 96 . bishop yes . like that . steve do not think that be you style . bishop ( beat ) first time for everything . Steve look at Bishop . boom ! outside the explosion concusse against the house . a window crack . Steve crouch , hand cover he head . steve Jesus ... Bishop put a hand out . bishop there 's something I have not tell you . steve what ? bishop ... I break a rule . I bring you in without ask . so this hit , be a test . of we , of we arrangement . ( beat , off Dean 's picture ) if that man be breathe three day from now ... then they will need to make a example of we . do you understand ? Steve ... nod . take Bishop 's hand who pull he up . steve so what you be say be you and I be stick with each other . bishop I be sorry . steve ... for what ? bishop for get you into this -- steve I know what I be do . Bishop consider , nod . 97 . bishop get pack . int . tenement - day Steve and Bishop push in , backpack on . trash , bad lighting , sad people in dirty hallway . they start up a long flight of stair . ext . rooftop , tenement - day Steve and Bishop push out onto this dilapidate rooftop , Washington DC spread out around they . they unpack gear from the backpack . tripod , camera and telescope be quickly assemble . Bishop step back , let Steve take the first look . Bishop take note . steve ... I count six ... no seven at the main door . p.o.v. through the telescope : the front entrance of the NSA building . the security check Bishop go through . steve ( cont 'd ) Jesus they have get US Marines in there . two at the door , one ... maybe another two out of sight . Bishop consider Steve , lock to the telescope , the sharp point of the pen in he hand ... bishop ( o.s. ) fifth floor , corner office . p.o.v. through the telescope : Steve find Dean , at he desk , talk on the phone . animate . steve ... alright , get he . he 's at he desk . we could take the shot right from here . bishop Glass be three inch thick ... Steve move he hand to turn on the laser Bishop use before to listen with ... bishop ( cont 'd ) and have laser sensor . 98 . Steve laugh , suddenly walk away from the telescope . Bishop go to it , take up the watch . steve alright , fine . what be we do here ? who be this guy ? p.o.v. through the telescope : Dean shout into the phone , slam it down . leave he office . Bishop pull away from the telescope , hunker down to wait . bishop start to get it ? steve yeah , I be get that this be not a job . it 's just a really complicated ... suicide . Bishop smile . Steve move off , restless . ext . rooftop , tenement - night Whole day have pass . Bishop have not move , stare across at the NSA building , the corner office . Steve sit nearby . steve you know , you can front sonofabitch all you want , Bishop . you be scared , too . you do not really know how we be go to pull it off , do you ? you ever think there 's some thing that just can not be do ? bishop everyone have a death -- steve really ? because , this guy ? I look at this guy , I do not see he death . I see my death . and I do not particularly like the view . Bishop note the light go back on in Dean 's office , return to the telescope and start jotting note in a book . p.o.v. through the telescope : Dean back at he desk . he look exhaust . steve ( cont 'd ) and you know , as much as I like the quality time , unless you can read lip , I do not exactly see what we be do here ... 99 . Steve glance at Bishop 's pad where he 's transcribe word : " no , no , tomorrow . I be sick of this , this be my life we be take about . you be bring I in . give I a time and a place ... " steve ( cont 'd ) you read lip . Bishop glance at Steve , put he eye back to the camera . p.o.v. through the lens : extreme close on Dean 's desk . a piece of paper on the blotter . " click . " " click . " Bishop pull the memory - card from the camera . bishop ( innocently ) you any good with computer ? int . bishop be barn - day Bishop be work on he classic mustang . he 's get the steering column apart , work the mechanism . focus . int . office , mckenna estate - night Steve be in front of the electronic wall of info on Bishop . his hospital report open . in a separate window , video feed of the real Bishop in he barn work on he car . Steve mark the injury on Bishop , then open a new window . multiple image of the scrap of paper on Dean 's desk . Steve get to work enlarge , rotate , skew the image ... Music and laughter filter in from outside . Steve become aware of the noise from outside , frown . ext . mckenna estate - moment later Steve emerge onto the high balcony overlook the never - end party . he raise a gun and fire into the air . face , startle look up at he . steve everybody out . I be serious . get the fuck off my property . a moment , then people start to flee . only Louise , drink in hand , move towards Steve , confuse . louise Steve , baby ...? 100 . Steve level the gun at she . steve you , too . int . office , mckenna estate - continuous Steve come back into he office , face the wall . he toss the gun on the table , get back to work . glance at one of the other open window that show Bishop at he fridge , pour himself filter water . Steve 's hand fly . the image be piece together , enlarge , skew until nonsensical marking resolve into a address . Steve punch it into a search window , wait a beat , then eye scan over the list of return , lock onto something . he pick up the phone , punch a number . watch as Bishop 's phone ring , watch Bishop answer it . bishop ( o.s. ) do you get it ? steve it 's the US Attorney 's office in New York . he 's run . he 's try to get out . Steve , try to read Bishop 's face , zooming in . steve ( cont 'd ) do you think we be hit he because of what he 's do , or because he 's try to get away with what he 's do ? bishop ( o.s. ) do it make a difference ? steve ... no , I do not suppose it do . a beat . the two man , far separate . bishop ( o.s. ) do the angle . find we a shot . ext . dulle INTERNATIONAL airport - morning Steve and Bishop step out of the airport with bag , hail a taxi and climb in , head into DC . 101 . steve ( v.o. ) Security 's go to have the actual street lock down . but there 's a residential street , perpendicular . ext . DC street - morning upscale street line with brownstone walk -up . Steve and Bishop walk with roller bag and a shoulder tube past mother and nanny 's ushere they child to school . steve ( v.o. ) High - end people . they will put up with a sweep , but they be not go to allow a agent to spend the day . they reach a address . Bishop put on a hat , some sunglass , slap a badge onto he jacket that read " DC Municipal utility . " he trot up the the half - flight , ring the bell of a elegant brownstone . int . DC flat - morning Nice . lace curtain . classic live room . Magazine rack , grand piano , original art . steve besides , the angle be not right , too flat . except when they hit the stair . it will spread the group vertically . it 's ... the shot . Steve and Bishop work in quiet efficient silence . each open they bag , remove a series of innocuous object , begin to dismantle they for the more important part they conceal . from a clock , a fire mechanism . from the tube , a aluminum barrel hold a fishing rod . the rod be discard , the barrel be attach to a hard plastic stock . aa battery be open and slender shell be remove from each . as this strange choreography continue in silence , we pan across to the dining room where a woman and a man be bound and tie , pillowcase cinched over they head . they binding allow they to hold each other 's hand which they do , tight . they be terrify , but okay . back in the live room , Bishop add the last piece to the home - make rifle , a telescope , lift from a child 's gift box , snap it on top of the rifle . 102 . int . government limo - day Dean squint in the back of he limo as it pull into daylight . he 's on the phone , eye darting , nervous . dean ( o.s. ) look , I do not care . find she , I need to talk to she right now ... int . DC flat - day Bishop put the rifle to he shoulder , sight . behind he , Steve slip a blade from the crease of he suitcase , consider it , look back to Bishop . steve you ever worry about the right and wrong of it all ? I be not talk about God , just ... ( tapping he chest ) whatever you feel here . bishop be p.o.v. through the scope : the US Attorney building . the security detail . the step lead to the street . bishop it 's a little late for -- steve come on . you be tell I you have never do anything just because it be the right thing to do , even if it do not make any sense ? you never take a chance like that ? Bishop pull he eye away from the scope a touch . bishop once I do ... steve how would that work out for you ? beat . then suddenly Bishop 's view be obscure by a large truck , which have stop try to make the turn . bishop we have a problem ... Bishop move the scope , precisely look for alternative . nothing . he set the rifle down , think as Steve take in the new situation . steve there 's no shot . what do we do ? there 's no shot . 103 . a moment more , and then Bishop move . we travel with he , to the entryway . key , hat , jacket , sunglass . Bishop grab a hat , toss one to Steve . steve ( cont 'd ) Bishop ...? and Bishop 's out . ext . US attorney' office - day the truck , wedge in . the security detail , suspicious of the truck . cop get involved . Men speak into radio . ext . DC brownstone - afternoon moving with Bishop , Steve follow . hat and sunglass . they descend the step onto the sidewalk , close on the US Attorney building ahead . Steve come abreast of he as they move down the street . bishop on you four . you see he ? come up , a man in a jogging suit stretch , touch he ear where 's he 's wire . Steve and Bishop come abreast of he . wham ! Steve push he down into the garbage alley between two home . wham ! wham ! the man drop . Steve come back , the man 's gun palm . offer it to Bishop . bishop ( cont 'd ) no . you be the shooter . steve when ? bishop you will know when . with they , moving , take the corner onto the main street in front of the large building . int . government limo - continuous Dean 's eye track the outside , the limo make the final turn onto the street . Security visible ahead . dean ( on phone ) hey ... listen , I need you to go out of town for a few day . no , I know , but you have to trust I . ( more ) 104 . dean ( cont 'd ) just go -- no , do not tell I where . just go , okay . okay ? yes , I will call you soon , I gotta go ... ext . DC street - continuous Steve and Bishop , moving . they pass directly behind a command vehicle . Security on headsets , watch monitor . local police be also work , one cop in particular guard the corner of the perimeter . Bishop nod to Steve who head up the stair towards the building . Bishop check he watch , look down the street where dean's limo and escort have turn the corner . Bishop move to the cop , stand in front of he . the guy patiently put a hand on he , move he on . Bishop do not move . the cop frowns . a needle hit a record 's surface . " please to meet you , hope you guess my name ... " I /e. government limo - continuous suddenly drop into Dean 's Pov as he limo pull up to the step . chaotic motion , light streaming in as the car door open , security handler reach in . we move , fast up step line by City police . one of the police turn he head , stare at Dean . Bishop . on dean . suddenly freeze . his handler unsure what 's go on , alert that something 's not right . dean ... Bishop ? Bishop do nothing . Security read Dean 's fear , close on Bishop even as Dean himself start to back away , separate himself from he own security , now turn to run ... ... straight into Steve , gun raise . a small moment freeze in time as Dean understand he end ... bang bang ! - bang ! Steve double - tap Dean in the chest , then one to head . and chaos begin its rule . Security which be close on Bishop now reverse , draw weapon and FIRE at Steve who drop down in the small cement crease between stair and statue . on steve . ducked low , bullet shatter granite and marble around he , laughing . the first glimpse of something wrong inside this young man . 105 . across the step Bishop , for the moment forget by the security who have reverse to deal with Steve , suddenly animate . perfect timing , the security reversing again as Bishop draw he gun and fire , over and over , clipping officer and security in the leg as he sprint down the step towards ... int . government limo - continuous Bishop land inside the limo , pull the door shut as bullet " thunk " into armored side and spider bullet - proof glass . the driver look back through the open , surprised , just in time for Bishop to grab he by the collar and haul he into the back at the same time slip through the open and slide into the driver 's position . as he slam the shifter into reverse man line up in front , OPEN up with weapon . ext . DC STREET - continuous wheel smoke , limo accelerate backwards , angle up the step . Security dive aside as the limo clear the rail , come down hard just across from the small alcove Steve 's press into . the passenger door open . bishop get in . Security be stand up , open up , as Steve dive forward . int . government limo - continuous Steve land awkward in the front seat as Bishop throw the limo into drive , floor it down the step of the building , man diving aside , swerving onto the street . steve thanks . bishop behind you . Steve have half a second to puzzle this one as the Driver grab he from behind , haul he backwards . Bishop eye he mirror , count the number of vehicle pursue . eye make calculation , get distract for a moment from the raging fistfight between Steve and the Driver occur in the rear compartment . 106 . Bishop raise the divider , step on the gas . ext . DC street - continuous engine whine , limo surge forward , pursuit car drop off . there be no turn , no spin . this be straight - line acceleration circa french connection . Bishop guide the limo faster and faster , blast across intersection , timing he space to inch , no margin for error . around he , pursuit car be not as good , they veer off into crash , clip traffic , spin out of control . int . government limo - continuous in front of Bishop , intersection after intersection of cross - cut traffic . Bishop speed up or slow just a fraction , make space for the limo , barely . he notice a hand -held automatic weapon secure to the dash , grab it , check he mirror . in the rearview : Bishop watch a pursuit car t- boned by a truck , then he view be block by steve and the driver as they wrestle and fight . over he initial surprise , the Driver 's train , and good . he lock Steve up , slam he against the window , choke he . up ahead . Bishop see a traffic jam looming ahead , the limo close at 100 mph , no alternative . he lower the divider . bishop get in front . steve work on that ... bishop now ! Bishop haul up the e-brake , put the limo into a spin . the shift in force toss Steve and Guard across the rear space . Steve dive forward towards the front as ... ext . DC street - continuous the limo go into a 4 - wheel rotation , angle towards the hard corner of a building and wham ! limo clip the building halfway , sheer the limo in half . the rear section crumple against the building as the front section skid down the building face , come to rest against a grocery . 107 . Bishop and Steve recover , roll out of the now expose rear of the driver 's compartment and into int . grocery - continuous Bishop and Steve slide in as police car slide to a stop outside . small glimpsis of cop and swat take position . Steve peek over a counter . a few cop fire . a glass window sheer , fruit catch round . steve we have get to go ! Steve 's point at the rear exit . it look far away . steve ( cont 'd ) you go for it , I will cover you . Bishop take in the exit , the gun in Steve 's hand ... ext . grocery - continuous more cop arrive , take position . there must be thirty gun point in they direction . int . grocery - continuous Bishop crane around , track cop and swat ... bishop I be sorry I bring you into this . steve not now , Bishop , we have to -- bishop it be ... it be the only thing I know how to teach you . Steve look at he oddly , move . then ... steve do not worry about it , Bishop . I bring myself into this . Bishop consider this , nod . and he 's up and firing towards the swat . bishop go ! 108 . on steve . clear shot at Bishop . a micro-second hesitation , and then he 's running for the rear exit . ext . grocery - continuous cop and FBI react to the shot , all open up . int . grocery - continuous the window's erupt in a hail of gunfire from the outside . Bishop hit the ground , roll towards the rear exit . bottle and produce exploding under the assault . Steve reach the exit , glance back to see Bishop on he tail , room be chew - up behind he . int . corridor - continuous Steve blows down a corridor . a swat member suddenly come out of as side - door , raise he weapon ... Steve flatten he , come up with the man 's weapon , reverse , lining it straight at Bishop ... who hit the ground , as Steve fire round push back pursue swat behind Bishop . more swat push in , shield raise , gun line . Bishop slam into they from the side . pushes one through a door , break another knee as he disarm he , move after Steve . ext . alley entrance - continuous Steve and Bishop emerge almost simultaneously , race up the alley as swat emerge behind they , round trace after they . they clear the alley , onto ... ext . DC street - continuous pedestrian and shopper crowd the small street . Bishop and Steve tear through people on opposite side of the street as overhead a helicopter clatter . behind they , swat and cop give chase . up ahead , a van skid to a halt , swat pour out . Bishop and Steve duck into ... 109 . int . retail build - continuous Travel agency . display fly as they muscle through to the back , then through service corridor , back into a restaurant , head for the front door ... two cop car close from outside . Bishop raise he weapon , open up into the metal of the car . the cop panic , reverse , slamming into park car . the cop pile out and take position as restaurant patron scream and flee . bishop check he fire . pure instinct , swing he weapon to lock onto Steve who 's also raise he weapon at Bishop . the two of they , suddenly lining weapon into each other 's face . breathe have ... eye lock as beyond they another police reinforcement arrive , take position ... the SOUND of a cop , distant outside , chambering a round into a shotgun ... both man dive to the ground , roll even as they switch to single - shot mode to preserve ammo . bang bang bang , they fire back at they attacker , precise , as the cop open up . with the cop firing . bullet find expose leg and arm , man stumble back or fall to the ground , scream . steve and bishop almost at the same exact moment , the man switch they aim back to each other . both man , control emotion and body . gasp for breath , bleed . bishop ... why ? steve you do not know ? tense beat . glimpse through shattered window , swat arrive , take the perimeter . they be be surround . suddenly a suv pull into view between the restaurant and the swat and Police position , a confuse and frighten woman at the wheel . Police shout at she , confusing she more . Steve make a decision . lower he weapon , grab a napkin , tie it to hide he feature . steve ( cont 'd ) cover I . and with that Steve be running towards the outside ... 110 . ... behind steve , Bishop step out , gun in each hand . clean shot of Steve 's back . he open up . bullet trace around Steve , push the man back just long enough for Steve to reach the suv , haul open the door . int . suv - continuous the woman scream as Steve push she aside , take the wheel . she scratch back , one hand rip the bandana away from Steve 's face . he stare at she for one deadly second . int . restaurant - continuous Bishop flinch as the sound of the shot come from the suv . the passenger door open and the woman climb out as the suv accelerate away , cop and swat fire after it . bishop be p.o.v. : the woman watch she car go , then turn and sit on the pavement . her hand move to she chest , come away bloody . on bishop . angry like we have never see he . cold. furious . the stupid waste of it all . he meet the woman 's gaze . she die look at he . helicopter clatter above , bullet plink into dishware and hardwood . Bishop just stare at the woman for a long beat , then he turn away , back into the building . it be ... over . ext . DC street - day ( later ) swat approach the suv , slam against another car . shield man throw the door open . it 's empty . int . restaurant - day ( later ) swat move into the restaurant Bishop be last see in . gun line , check corner . but there 's no sign of Bishop . int . DC flat - afternoon Bishop enter the flat . cool afternoon breeze blow through curtain . he stop , stare at the couple who own the flat who now lie motionless . small hole in the red-stain pillowcase over they head . Steve have be here . Bishop swallow , angry . he force himself back to the task at hand . break down the never-fire weapon . he work efficiently , silently . 111 . int . airport - evening Bishop sit at the gate , wait to board he plane . he watch family get ready , college kid laugh . on the silent tvs , CNN show footage of the aftermath of the gunfight in the street . " eight dead . " a US Attorney speak at a press conference . US attorney ... something be wrong in this country . but today because of the action of a few cowardly man , we may never know the true face of -- a voice announce board , drown out the tv . Bishop collect he thing . int . local grocery - night grocer glance at Bishop 's two grocery bag , then to the clock : 7:10 . Sophie read she book with she doll . a car speed by outside . Sophie track it , look at she father . int . bishop be home - night Key in the lock , Bishop enter , stand in he live room . tense . waiting . nothing . int . bishop be gym - night Bishop stand in front of he machine , still . reaches out , touch one . wait . int . bishop' home - night Bishop sit across from the portrait of himself , finish the last bite of he dinner . he take the plate , walk into the kitchen and to the sink , wash the plate ... his cat curl around he leg , purr . Bishop take a scrap off the plate , bend down and feed it to she . she start to eat , then she eye narrow ... wham ! Steve hit he from out of nowhere . Bishop sprawl as Steve loom , gun line ! wham ! Bishop hit Steve with the fridge door , knock the gun out of he hand , it skitter along the floor . Bishop move towards it , Steve swing a knife . Bishop catch the blow , but Steve haul down on the bad shoulder . Bishop scream as something give , stumble back as Steve swing again , Bishop turn , catch the blade in he shoulder . 112 . Bishop reel back against the wall as Steve pick up the gun and bang ! bang ! bang ! fire as Bishop flee the room . Steve follow , keep he shot control . slug chew into wall , furniture as Bishop dive out the front door . Steve advance , re-loading . steve you know , when they come to I ... I say " be you sure ? " Bishop ? " but they be right , be not they ? ext . bishop be home - continuous Steve step out onto the porch . steve ... you do not really like the work anymore . Bishop 's voice come from the darkness near the barn . bishop maybe not . blam ! blam ! Steve shoot as Bishop move , find cover . steve yeah . that 's ... what do you call it ? that 's a prerequisite . ( beat ) besides , I guess I have other reason . bishop if it matter , today we kill the man who order the hit on you father . steve yeah , but not the man who actually kill he . Steve advance , clear the side of the barn , line he weapon on Bishop , who 's stand next to the barn . bishop why would you kill that other people ? steve ( shake he head ) you really go moral high ground on I ? seriously ? you might want to check you soapbox there , partner . 113. blam ! Steve fire just as Bishop slide back , into the barn through a side door . Steve laugh , slide towards the front . steve ( cont 'd ) ( calling out ) but that 's the difference between we , be not it ? you be all alone , but you still ... like people . you wish they like you . whereas I have people everywhere ... and all I ever want , be to be alone . Steve hear banging come from the barn . steve ( cont 'd ) there 's no weapon in there , Bishop ! I have ... what do you teach I ? I have control the situation . one hundred percent . boom ! the barn door blast outward as Bishop 's vintage mustang come careen out of the barn at Steve ... who stand he ground . he aim , fire five time through the windscreen . the round impacting Bishop as the car loom at Steve who step aside at the last moment , the car barely miss he , continue on and impacting against the side of the house ... the propane tank . Steve squint and booooom ! the propane tank erupt in flame . Steve be knock back . when he rise , the interior of the car be a inferno . the body be slump against the wheel , the fire consume he , cleanse he . Steve . bleed , bruise , victorious . int . bishop be home - night Steve enter the study , look down at Bishop 's record player , look back at the wall of work on Dean . smoke seep through the wall , push through crack in sill . Steve open Bishop 's record collection , take the pristine collector 's hendrix . the one never play . he move into the live room . flame lick across the wall . through the smoke , he see the portrait of Bishop stare back at he . he raise the album in thanks . ext . bishop be home - night Steve now stand outside Bishop 's home , watch . the whole place be a inferno . 114 . inside . picture bubble and peel before turn black in the heat . the stack of dvd melt , drip down ... in the barn . flaming beam crash down , crumple classic car . Steve watch it all . the fire reflect in he eye . ext . mckenna estate - day a hot gorgeous day . slight breeze blow through tree , ripple the water on the pool which be suddenly CUT through by the figure of Steve , swim lap , hard . he get out at the far end , look over he grounds . there 's no one here anymore . the place be desert except for ear - wire security who patrol the grounds . ext . bishop be home - day police and FIRE pick through the smoulder rubble . a detective watch as the door to Bishop 's fire - ravage car be pried off . int . mckenna estate - day Steve trot in from outside , pull on a loose shirt . the house be spotless , transformed . no sign of a frivolous young man 's pursuit . Art and culture and wealth . ext . bishop be home - day the door to the car give suddenly , fall to the ground . the detective pull a handkerchief , put it over he nose and mouth as he peer in at the body ... int . mckenna's office - day Steve bust in , drag he father 's 80' turntable with he . the portrait of Bishop have be hang here in he office . he glance at it , then break the seal on the hendrix album , stare at the groove before seating it on the turntable and hit a switch . player start up , needle swing over ... Steve move to he computer and punch in the password . on the wall - size screen , the Bishop research glow to life . all the connection , people , history that make Bishop . Bishop 's cat jump into he lap , purring , and Steve stroke she . finally , a decision . he hit a button and the prompt " delete file ? " appear on the screen . 115 . needle come down , touch the record , the sweet sound of hendrix 's " Little wing " fill the world . Steve 's finger still hover over " enter . " Bishop 's cat jump down , trot away . he watch the cat go , hit the button . the wall - size screen go blank . just a cool white nothing . Steve smile , nod , lean back ... when a voice come from the record player , overlay above the song . bishop' voice ... Steve , if you hear this , then it mean you find the right moment to play the record . good for you . it also mean you have to scratch the needle across the surface of the record . Steve 's eye lock on the record player , the needle scratch across its surface , from the surface of the record , the smallest trace of smoke ... bishop' voice ( cont 'd ) sorry it have to end this way . Steve 's eye dart to the portrait of Bishop . its cold eye stare back . ext . mckenna estate - continuous kabooom ! the window of Steve 's office blow out of the estate 's 2nd story . fade to : ext . bishop be home - day the detective , handkerchief over he face , lean over the body . burnt beyond recognition . camera move away , down to the body 's shoulder ... bishop ( v.o. ) every man have a death that 's right for they . every one . ... where a form , a heat shadow , have burnt into the char remain of a shirt . a fist , middle - finger raise . we know this tattoo . it be on the ex-con who try to mug Bishop outside the bar . this be not Bishop . bishop ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) a death so right that when it arrive , that who know he will say " yes , this be right ... " 116 . the detective lean the body forward , and the shadow disintegrate into ash . ext . desert road - day a brand new maserati crest the hill , move fast . brake lock up , it slide to a stop in a patch of dirt . bishop ( v.o. ) " ... this be always go to happen this way . " Bishop get out . shave , healthy , clean . he climb onto the roof of the car , stare at the highway which wind away into the distance . freedom , laid out before he . he stare at it , want , need . he blink . fade to black . the end