the great gatsby written by baz luhrmann &amp ; Craig pearce base on the great gatsby by f. Scott fitzgerald a black screen . the blackness be pierce by a single , pulsing green light ... we drift , as if by boat , across a dark bay toward the light . then , we hear a troubled voice . nick ( v.o . ) in my young and more vulnerable year my father give I some advice : " always try to see the best in people , " he would say ... a gentle snow begin to fall , obscure the light ... nick ( v.o . ) as a consequence , I be inclined to reserve all judgement . the snow grow heavier . nick ( v.o . ) but even I ... have a limit . dissolve to : ext . sanitarium - winter - day continue drift , through the snow , across a icy lake ... nick ( v.o . ) back then all of we drank too much . discover : a stately victorian building ... nick ( v.o . ) the more in tune with the time we be , the more we drank . close on : the sign , " the Perkins sanitarium . " nick ( v.o . ) and none of we contribute anything new . dissolve to : int . sanitarium - doctor' office - winter - day discover : a man shroud in darkness . he lean against a old fireplace , hand cover he face . 2 . nick when I come back from New York I be disgust . reveal : nick carraway ( 37 ) , unshaven , morbidly alcoholic . nick ( cont 'd ) disgust ... with everyone , and everything ... only one man be exempt from my disgust . reveal : a kind , elderly doctor . doctor one man ...? Mr. carraway ? nick ( whisper ) gatsby ... doctor be he a friend of yours ? nick he be ... the single most hopeful person I have ever meet ... and be ever likely to meet again . there be something about he ... Nick wander slowly towards the window , remember . nick ( cont 'd ) a sensitivity . he be like one of that machine that register earthquake ten thousand mile away ... doctor where do you meet he ? Nick stop and stare out the window , haunt . nick at a party . in New York . dissolve to : ext . new york CITY - day through the cloud : New skyscraper pierce a clear blue sky . 3. nick ( v.o . ) in the summer of 1922 , the tempo of the city approach hysteria ... on wall STREET : a fever pitch of buy and sell ... nicl ( v.o . ) stock hit record peak . and Wall Street boom , in a steady golden roar ... image of decadent new york fade in , illustrating nick be v.o. Dancing girl , speakeasy , bootleg king , fat cat count fresh fortune , and the stock market climb up , up , up ...! nick ( v.o . ) the party be bigger ; the show be broad ; the building be higher ; the moral be looser ; and the ban on alcohol have backfire ... make the liquor cheaper . fade in : a sea of boater hat crowd a Manhattan street . nick ( v.o . ) Wall Street be luring the young and ambitious . push toward : one of the hat . its wearer stop , and gaze up . nick ( v.o . ) and I be one of they . reveal : a clear-ey , hopeful , 29 year old Nick carraway . dissolve to : ext . long island - west egg - day aerial : the city be still visible in the distance ... nick ( v.o . ) I rent a house twenty mile from the city , on Long Island . discover : a unkempt bungalow , hemmed in by enormous mansion . nick ( v.o . ) I live at West Egg ... dissolve to : 4. ext . nick's bungalow - day Nick be move in ... nick ( v.o . ) ... in a forget grounds - keeper 's cottage squeeze among the mansion of the newly rich . int . nick's bungalow - day Nick be unpack ... nick ( v.o . ) to get start , I buy a dozen volume on credit , banking and investment -- close on : a row of heavy red and gold - bound bond book . Nick pluck one up . nick ( v.o . ) all new to I ... and turn on the radio . radio voice the stock market hit another record high today ! dissolve to : int . probity trust build - nick's office - day countless identical grey-suited clerk , yell into telephone ! clerk 1 ( into phone ) it 's like pickin ' up money in the street ! clerk 2 ( into phone ) I get a dandy tip on burlington ; who 's comin with I ?! discover : Nick , speak much more moderately . nick ( into phone ) yes sir , of course nothing be one hundred percent . well , I would not go invest every penny . but ... dissolve to : 5 . int . nick's bungalow - day Nick , still unpack , eye a mountain of unpack book ... nick ( v.o . ) at Yale , I would dream of be a writer . he resist the temptation to swap bond book for literature . nick ( v.o . ) but I give all that up . ext . nick's bungalow - porch - day Nick emerge onto the porch , greet by dazzle sunshine . nick ( v.o . ) with the sun shine and the great burst of leave on the tree , I plan to spend the summer study . Nick sit and place he bond book in front of he ... nick ( v.o . ) and I probably would have -- when woman 's shriek startles he ... nick's Pov : on the neighbor beach a group of reveller be frolick . a scantily girl clad wave and then disappear into the tree , draw Nick 's eye to he neighbor 's house ... nick ( v.o . ) be it not for the riotous amusement that beckone from beyond the wall of that colossal castle ... through dense foliage Nick spy the mysterious spire and tower of the neighbor gothic folly . nick ( v.o . ) own by a gentleman I have not yet meet , name ... in a high tower window , a curtain flutter ominously ... dissolve to : 6 . int . sanitarium - doctor' office - winter - day close on : Nick , still stare out the window . nick gatsby . the Doctor conclude : doctor so ... he be you neighbor ? nick my neighbor ? no , gatsby be -- well -- if I think about it ... the history of the summer really begin the night I drive over to my cousin Daisy 's for dinner ... dissolve to : ext . nick's bungalow - late afternoon high and wide : Nick 's old dodge disappear down the drive ... nick ( v.o . ) she live across the bay ... swoop across the BAY toward ... ext . buchanan mansion - late afternoon a impressive georgian mansion overlook a quarter mile of lawn that cascade down to a private polo field . nick ( v.o . ) in old money East Egg . brinnnggg ! brinnnggg ! we hear a phone ringing off-screen . follow : a polo player ( tom ) , as he gallop toward the house . nick ( v.o . ) her husband be heir to one of America 's wealthiest family . brinnnggg ! brinnnggg ! Tom whacks the polo ball ... nick ( v.o . ) his name be Tom Buchanan . 7. the ball nearly hit one of Tom 's gardener ... nick ( v.o . ) when we be at Yale together he would be a sport star . brinnnggg ! brinnnggg ! Tom dismount and bound up the stair to the porch ... nick ( v.o. ) but now he glory day be behind he and he content himself with ... other affair . Tom aggressively grab the telephone from henri , the butler , and turn ; revealing a impose , hard - mouth man of thirty . tom ( into phone ) I think I tell you not to call I here ...! pull focus : Tom see a servant escort Nick along the balcony . clunk down the receiver , Tom stride toward Nick and grasp he hand with overbearing strength . tom ( cont 'd ) Shakespeare ! how 's the great american novel come ...? nick oh , I be sell bond now Tom ... with walter chase 's outfit -- tom never hear of they . Tom slap Nick with irritate heartiness ! tom ( cont 'd ) hey ! what say after dinner we go into town ? nick can 't -- tom catch up with the old wolf pack ? nick Big day on the new job tomorrow -- 8. tom nonsense ! we be go . int . buchanan mansion - hall of champion - late afternoon Tom lead Nick down a grand hall line with the trophy that chronicle Tom 's infinite sport achievement . tom first team , all - american ! Tom admire he own achievement . tom ( cont 'd ) you see ? make I who I be today . Tom pull he favorite trophy from the cabinet -- tom ( cont 'd ) here -- Forest Hills ... I play the Prince of Wale . what a sissy ! Tom exchange the trophy for a football . tom ( cont 'd ) life 's something you dominate Nick . he pelt Nick with the ball -- tom ( cont 'd ) if you be any good . Nick fumble as Tom charge he -- tom ( cont 'd ) ha-ha-ha ! Tom tackle Nick , knock he back , through a pair of vaulting door , and into ... int . buchanan mansion - salon - late afternoon a shimmer , sun - dazzle room in which enormous white curtain whip and snap in the breeze ... close on : Nick , freeze , awestruck . we hear the giggle of naughty child ... boom !!! as the french door shut , and the curtain fall , a beautiful white hand rise from behind the couch , and with it , a low , thrill voice ... 9 . daisy ( o.s. ) oh nicky ... be that you my lovely ? suddenly , 23 year old daisy buchanan , appear from over the back of the couch . her bright eye and passionate mouth be frame by a strawberry - blonde bob . close on : Daisy , captivate ... nick ( v.o. ) Daisy Buchanan . the golden girl . a breathless warmth flow from she . a promise that there be no one else in the world she so want to see ... she whisper dramatically ... daisy do they miss I in Chicago ? nick oh , yes . about a dozen people send they love . daisy ( unimpressed ) how gorgeous . nick they be absolutely in mourn ... they be cry ... daisy no -- nick they be wail ... daisy no -- nick they be scream , they be shouting ... daisy no -- nick " Daisy Buchanan , we can not live without you ! " 10 . daisy I be p-paralyze with happiness ...! Daisy take Nick 's hand and squeal with childish glee as she drag he over the sofa and onto he back on the floor . he stare up ... and , a mysterious , athletic girl glare back . this be 22 year old , jordan baker . daisy ( cont 'd ) Jordan Baker ; a very famous golfer . close on : Nick , the blood drain from he face ... nick ( v.o. ) she be the most frightening person I would ever see -- Nick rights himself and extend he hand . nick I have see you face on the cover of " sport life " . Nick carraway ... but Jordan merely yawn and stand ( we get a good look ) . nick ( v.o. ) but I enjoy look at she . jordan I have be lie on that sofa for as long as I can remember ... Daisy turn to Nick with scandalous delight . daisy I know ! this summer I will sort of , fling you and Jordan together ... as Tom prepare drink at the bar , he glance skittishly at a white telephone set ostentatiously upon a marble pedestal . daisy ( cont 'd ) I will push you into linen closet , and out to sea in boat ... jordan I be not listen to a word ! irritate , Tom turn to Nick . tom Nick , Daisy tell I you be over at west egg ; ( more ) 11 . tom ( cont 'd ) throw you lot in with that social - climb , primitive New money type ...? nick well , my little shack be cardboard box at eighty a month . daisy you life be adorable . Jordan toy with a golf club , and speak with bored contempt . jordan I know somebody in West Egg . nick I do not know a single -- Jordan turn dramatically . jordan oh , you must know gatsby . Daisy , a sharp intake of breath . daisy gatsby ? close on : Daisy , as she struggle to control rise emotion . daisy ( cont 'd ) what gatsby ...? before anyone can reply , henri announce -- henri Madame , le diner est servi ! as Jordan whack a golf ball into a makeshift cup - a trophy on the floor - waiter sweep open the door and the curtain flutter up again . dissolve to : ext . buchanan mansion - terrace - night Daisy , Nick , Jordan and Tom sit at a long , sumptuously laid table . food , wine , laughter , smoking ... dissolving abstractly : through fragment of conversation ... 12 . daisy would you like to hear a family secret ? its about the butler 's nose ... jordan thing go from bad to worse ... daisy nicky ... I hear a rumor , that you be get marry to a girl out west ... nick its a libel , I be too poor . jordan they have to be old so they die quickly ... nick can not we talk about something else ? anything ? crop ? you be make I feel uncivilize Daisy -- this draw a strangely violent interjection from Tom . tom civilization 's go to piece ! have you read ' the rise of the color empire ' by this fellow Goddard ? nick why no ... Tom stand and begin to pace -- tom everyone ought to read it . the idea be that its up to we , the dominant race , to watch out , or this other race ... Tom straighten the bow-tie on he black servant -- tom ( cont 'd ) will have control of thing . daisy ( wickedly ) Tom 's be very profound lately . he read deep book with long word in they 13 . tom it 's be prove . its scientific . daisy ( subtly mock Tom ) we have get to beat they down . suddenly , brinnnggg ! the telephone . all freeze . another ring . brinnnggg ! tom Excuse I ... I will be right back . he go inside . a embarrassed moment ; suddenly Daisy throw she napkin down . daisy I be sorry ... she follow Tom into the house . Nick , at a loss , turn to Jordan . nick well , this Mr. gatsby you speak of be my neighbor ... jordan shhhh ... do not talk . I want to hear what happen . a subdued , impassion murmur be audible in the room beyond . nick be something happen ? jordan I think everybody know . nick I do not . jordan Tom 's get some woman in New York . nick get some woman ? jordan she might have the decency not to telephone at dinner-time ... do not you think ? 14 . almost before Nick have grasp she meaning , the door bang open and Tom and Daisy return to the table . daisy ( a tense gayety ) I just love see you at my table nicky . you remind I of a rise , a absolute rise ... do not he ? nick I be not even faintly like a rise -- tom so ... after dinner Nick want to go into town . right Nick ? to the Yale club . daisy nicky , stay -- nick I have to work early . tom nonsense . its only for a drink or two . Daisy and Tom stare at Nick - both demand he allegiance . suddenly ! the telephone ring again : brinnnggg ! again , all freeze . brinnnggg ! push in : on Daisy as the telephone continue to shriek . nick ( v.o. ) none of we could ignore that fifth guest 's shrill metallic urgency ... dissolve to : ext . buchanan mansion - balustrade - later servant clear . Jordan and Tom retire to the salon , as Nick and Daisy stroll down toward the water , and Daisy confide : daisy oh nicky ... nick what ? 15 . daisy its just , well , you see , I think everything 's terrible anyhow . you know I have be everywhere and see everything and do everything , and I have have very bad time nicky ... I be pretty cyncical about everything . Daisy gaze melancholic across the bay ; a awkward silence . Nick try to change the subject -- nick you daughter ; I suppose she talk , and ... eat , and everything ? daisy pammy ? oh yes ... Daisy lean on a stone balustrade and gaze down toward the dock , where a green light glow in the velvet dusk . daisy ( cont 'd ) listen Nick , when she be bear , Tom be God know where - with God know whom - and I ask the nurse if it be a boy or a girl . she tell I it be a girl , and I wept . ' all right , ' I say , ' I be glad it 's a girl . and I hope she will be a fool - that 's the best thing a girl can be in this world , a beautiful little fool . ' she break off , and look at Nick with that smile of hers ... daisy ( cont 'd ) all the bright precious thing fade so fast ... and as a sad , sweet underscore play , we push out over the water , and across the bay toward gatsby 's castle ... daisy ( cont 'd ) and they do not come back . ext . gatsby' castle - dock - night we discover : at the end of gatsby 's dock , a man - he dark silhouette be cut against the paler black of the night sky . in the distance behind he we see headlight . it be Nick , pull up at he bungalow . 16 . ext . nick's bungalow - night Nick get out of he car . he stop . through the tree , he can see the man gaze intently across the bay . nick ( v.o. ) when I arrive home I notice that a figure have emerge on my neighbor 's dock . Nick go closer , and watch the man ... nick ( v.o. ) and something tell I it be ... Mr. gatsby . the man reach out -- nick ( v.o. ) he seem to be ... reach toward something out there in the dark . a green light on dock pulse in the distant darkness ... dissolve to : int . sanitarium - doctor' office - winter - night Nick , troubled ... nick the green light . doctor Green light ? Nick struggle with a painful memory ... nick I do not want to talk about this Doctor . Nick break off ; and after a very long silence , he admit : nick ( cont 'd ) I can not talk about this . doctor ( delicately ) then write about it . 17 . nick ( skeptical ) write ? doctor yes. write . nick why would I do that ? doctor after all , you say that write bring you solace , once upon a time . nick yeah , well . it do not bring anyone else much solace ... I be not any good . the Doctor offer Nick a pen ; but Nick do not accept . doctor no one need ever read it . you can always burn it . nick what would I write about ? doctor anything . whatever you can not quite talk about ; a memory ; a think ; a place ... write it down . close on : Nick consider the challenge ... nick ( to himself ) a place ... slowly he take the pen . we hear the clatter of metal wheel on train track ; as the screen fill with word , we hear they as voice-over . nick ( v.o. ) the Valley of ash be a grotesque place ... 18. ext . the valley of ash - day high and wide : a vast dump ground comprise of massive mound of smolder ash ; train track cut through its heart and the gleam tower of the city shimmer in the distance . nick ( v.o. ) New York 's dump ground , half way between West Egg and the city ... image illustrate the poverty and hopelessness of life here . nick ( v.o. ) ... where the burnt out coal that power the booming , golden city be discard by man who move dimly and already crumble through the powdery air . a train wait at a drawbridge span a small , foul creek . discover : Nick , aboard the train , look out at the awful wasteland ... nick ( v.o. ) ... this fantastic farm be ever - watch by Dr. T. J. eckleberg ... nick's Pov : a gigantic paint peel billboard read : " Dr. t.j. eckleberg . " nick ( v.o. ) ... a forget oculist whose eye brooded over it all like the eye of God . int . train - day Tom , flushed with booze and heat , glance covertly around the halt carriage . Nick sit opposite . nick ( v.o. ) Tom have invite I to town , on the pretense of a lunch at the Yale Club .... as the carriage move , Tom suddenly pull Nick to he foot . nick ( v.o. ) but the day take a unexpected turn ... Tom drag Nick from the move train . 19 . tom come on --! ext . the valley of ash - day as the train pull off , Nick , exasperate , chase Tom . nick ( o.s. ) what be we do ? tom trust I ! nick wait a second would you !? tom ( call back ) dominate Nick ! dominate ! pan down to discover : Tom and Nick outside a small garage . a sign read : " GEORGE B. wilson . Cars buy and sold . " int . wilson be garage - continuous as Tom and Nick enter the dim garage , wilson , a nervous , spiritless man , appear from the back office . tom hello Wilson ! how 's business ? wilson ( unconvincing ) I can not complain . when be you go to sell I that car ? tom I have get my man work on it . wilson Works pretty slow , do not he ? tom ( coldly ) maybe I would better sell it somewhere else ? wilson I do not mean that , I just ... 20 . Wilson 's grovel be terminate by the sound of chunky red heel corkscrew down stair from above . all turn to see : myrtle wilson . buxom . smolder . elementally sensual . myrtle if its business you be talk , you should be talk to I ... ( to she husband ) get some chair why do not you ; so somebody can sit down ... myrtle smile slowly and , walk through she husband as if he be a ghost , shake hand with Tom . myrtle ( cont 'd ) ( without turning ) hurry up ! wilson oh , sure ... sure ... Wilson hurry out back . tom Mrs. Wilson ... Nick carraway . myrtle a pleasure ... tom Nick 's a writer ... myrtle be completely uninterested . nick ( feeble ) I be in bond , actually ... tom ( intently to myrtle ) get on the next train . myrtle ( play hard to get ) now ...? be we gettin ' that dog ? tom whatever you want . and you can call up you sister ... ( glance to Nick ) she will like he ... nick oh no , that 's alright , I be busy ... 21 . myrtle Catherine 's say to be very good look , by people who oughta know . nick really I can not ... tom ( whisper to Nick ) do you want to embarrass myrtle ...? that 's rude . CUT to : int . myrtle's apartment - day the muffle sound of sex ... close on : a puppy mouth a soggy dog biscuit that dissolves into a saucer of milk . Nick , horrify , perches on a couch in a small room stuff with tacky , pretentious object ; obviously buy by Tom . Nick spring to he foot and yank open the front door , only to be startle by a slender , louche girl in she twenty , with a sticky bob of red hair . this be catherine . she sweep into the room , pivot , and extend she hand . catherine I be Catherine ; be not we havin ' a party ? nick oh , I be ... I be not sure now 's a good time -- I be just go -- but Nick 's exit be block . mrs . mckee hello ...! mrs . mckee , a shrill woman in she 30 , enter with mr . mckee - a feminine man with a bit of shave cream on he cheek . mr. mckee ( extend he hand ) Chester mckee , pleasure to meet you . nick Nick carraway . 22. mrs . mckee where be the kid ? Nick be still try to leave , but Catherine corner he ... catherine what 's the matter ? do not ya like I ? suddenly ! the bedroom door whoosh open and myrtle appear wear a astounding , red jersey sheath dress . mrs . mckee myrtle turtle ...! oh , that dress be adorable ! myrtle ( with impressive hauteur ) it 's just a crazy old thing . I slip it on when I do not care what I look like ! Tom appear behind myrtle , arrogantly buttone he shirt . tom get some ice myrtle , before everyone go to sleep . myrtle sweep into the kitchen ; Tom open the liquor cabinet . nick ( make for the door ) Tom , I really should be go ... tom ( grab Nick 's arm ) nonsense ... nick Tom ; I do not think -- Daisy 's my -- Tom pull Nick back toward the party . tom listen Nick , you like to watch ; I remember that from college . and that 's ok , I make no judgment ; but we have get a whole summer - do you want to sit on the sideline and watch , or do you want to play ball ? catherine yeah . ai not we good enough for ya ? 23. Catherine wink , push Nick into he chair , and fearlessly land herself in he lap . catherine ( cont 'd ) take off yer hat and stay awhile ... tom hey Nick ! mckee 's in the artistic game . mckee photography . tom Nick 's artistic . nick no ... mckee really ? nick ah , no , well , I write a little ... Tom clunk the gramophone needle onto a record and Catherine raise she voice above the music . catherine do you live on Long Island , too ? nick I live at West Egg . catherine really ? I be there at a party about a month ago . at a man name gatsby 's . do you know he ? nick I live right next door to he ... catherine he 's a cousin of kaiser wilhelm 's . you know , the evil german king ... CUT to : Tom raise myrtle 's skirt suggestively . tom hey mckee , take a picture of that ! myrtle ( girlish glee ) oh , do not ! ( more ) 24 . myrtle ( cont 'd ) I be not one of that model ...! but you can if you want ... Catherine lean close and whisper in Nick 's ear . catherine neither of they can stand who they be marry to . nick do not she like Wilson either ? myrtle ( overhear ) ... he 's a greasy little scumbag ! Tom grin arrogantly and offer a drink to Catherine . catherine no thanks ; I feel just as good on nothing at all ... with a suggestive glimpse of tongue , Catherine pop a pill ... catherine ( cont 'd ) nerve pill , I get they from a doctor in queen . you want one ? nick my nerve be fine thanks ... Catherine smile mischievously , put a pill on she tongue and suddenly kiss Nick ... he splutter , but Catherine tip the scotch to he mouth , wash the pill down . nick ( v.o. ) I have be drunk just twice in my life and the second time be that afternoon ... dissolve to : blurry freakish image of time pass ... the whiskey be in demand by all ; Catherine dance a solo . the music be sexy , dirty , deafen . the image become wilder , nauseatingly violent ... as Catherine undress Nick ... nick ( v.o. ) that night , in the hide flat that Tom keep for myrtle , we be buoy by a sort of chemical madness , a willingness of the heart that burst thunderously upon we all ... and suddenly , I begin to like New York . 25 . as the puppy sit on the table groan faintly through the smoke , myrtle suddenly spring to she foot ! myrtle ... I have get to get a massage , and a wave , and a collar for the dog , and one of that cute little ash - trays where you touch a spring , and a wreath with a black silk bow for mother 's grave ! pivote through the smoky air , myrtle begin to strip ... myrtle ( cont 'd ) my dear I be give you this dress ! myrtle strip as Mrs. mckee greedily lunge for the dress . mrs . mckee adorable ! adorable ! sudden CUT : Nick , very drunk , find himself at the bathroom window , observe the infinite life of the city ... nick ( v.o. ) High over the city we yellow window must have contribute they share of human secret to the casual watcher in the street ... int . sanitarium - nick be room - winter - night Nick , now alone , pen in hand , write furiously . nick ( v.o. ) ... and I be he too , look up and wonder ... ext . the STREET below myrtle's apartment - night Nick , simultaneously in the street below , can see himself upstairs look out from myrtle 's window . nick ( v.o. ) I be within and without ; enchant and repell by the inexhaustible variety of life ... poetic visual : the Manhattan skyline - million of light window frame silhouettes of this inexhaustible humanity ... 26 . int . myrtle's apartment - night suddenly we hear Tom violently yell ! tom you have get no right to speak she name ! Tom and myrtle emerge from the bedroom half - dress ... myrtle Daisy ! Daisy ! Daisy ! I will speak it whenever I want ! Daisy ! dai-- suddenly ! a short , sharp movement , Tom break myrtle 's nose ! close on : Nick . as myrtle scream , blood fly across the room in abstract slow motion ! pull out : through the window ; this drama become merely one more of the countless many that play out in this vast city ... dissolve to : int . sanitarium - doctor' office - winter - day Nick 's be read to the Doctor . he sit on the couch , many hand - write page on he lap . he admit ... nick I have no clue how I get home . ext . nick's bungalow - porch - morning Nick be still asleep . harsh morning light . close on : his eyelid slowly flutter awake . he realize he 's be sleep on the porch in he underwear . nick ( v.o. ) but I do know that I awoke with a distinctly uneasy feel ... his pants lie next to he , he shirt be on the railing , he jacket be in a tree , and he car be park in the bush ... a sudden feel of disquiet make Nick look up ... nick ( v.o. ) .... that gatsby be watch I . 27 . int . sanitarium - doctor' office - winter - day the Doctor lean forward . doctor ( slightly incredulous ) watch you ...? nick yes . he be watch I . in fact , I know now that gatsby be always watch I ... doctor and how do you know that ? nick because I get a invitation ... I be the only one . fade in image : a immaculate chauffeur , in uniform of robin 's egg blue , stand on Nick 's doorstep , hold a silver tray on which rest a invitation ... nick ( cont 'd ) no one , except I , every receive a actual invitation to gatsby 's ... the word write on the invitation push forward : " dear Mr. carraway , the honor would be entirely mine , if you would attend my little party ... " dissolve to : ext . gatsby' castle - twilight a line of limousine stretch from the light of Manhattan towards gatsby 's gate . nick ( v.o. ) you see , the rest of New York simply come , uninvite ... as a open-topped roll royce motor through gatsby 's gate , a roadster pack with rowdy reveller , swerve onto the verge and roar cheekily by ... nick ( v.o. ) the whole city pack into automobile and all weekend , every weekend , end up at gatsby 's ... 28 . crane high and wide : gatsby 's magnificent castle . illuminate fountain line a driveway pack with limousine ; crowd of glamorous people stream up the broad marble stair . ext . gatsby' castle - portico - twilight dress in white flannel , Nick offer he invitation to a doorman who shrug . nick ( v.o. ) and I mean everyone : from every walk of life , from every corner of New York City , this kaleidoscopic carnival spill through gatsby 's door ... a gaggle of gorgeous , but obviously low - class girl , carelessly sweep Nick through the portico and into ... int . gatsby' castle - hall of master - continuous a bizarre mix of character surge toward light at the end of this dark , vaulting , vomitorium - like passageway . bang ! Doors burst open ; the dazzle spectacle of the Grand ballroom ...! int . gatsby' castle - grand ballroom - twilight Champagne fountain vault to the ceiling . at the base of the fountain waiter scoop finger - bowl size glass onto trays . Nick , almost unable to believe he eye , take in the impossible variety of guest at gatsby 's ... nick ( v.o ) a caravansary of ... image of the various character illustrate he voice-over ... nick ( v.o. ) billionaire play- boy publisher , and they blond nurse ... heiress compare inheritance on gatsby 's beach ... my boss , walter chase , lose money at the roulette table ... gossip columnist ... alongside gangster and governor exchange telephone number ... Silent film star ... Broadway director ... morality protector ... casino collector ... ( more ) 29 . nick ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) underage heckler ... and ewing klipspringer , dubious descendent of Beethoven ! overwhelm , and out -of -place , Nick approach the bar ... nick ( to the bartender ) do you know where I might find the host , Mr. gatsby ? he brandish he invitation . nick ( cont 'd ) I live just next door ... bartender Mr. gatsby ? I have never see he sir . why , no one have ... the bartender automatically hand Nick a martini . nick ( v.o. ) alone , and a little embarrassed , I decide to get ... roaring drunk . he downs the martini in one gulp , step over a even drunker guest , who collapse at he foot , and make he way out to : ext . gatsby' castle - terrace - twilight Nick gaze out over the impossibly decadent party ... nick wow . as , unbeknownst to he , a mysterious , mask guest stalk toward he from behind ... voice I think I might see you here ... startle , Nick turn to find ... Jordan Baker . nick hello . jordan I remember you live next door ... nick its like ... a amusement park . 30 . jordan shall we ? Jordan seductively lead Nick down the terrace step ... nick do you get a invitation ? jordan people be not invite to gatsby 's . nick well I be ... I seem to be the only one . who be this gatsby ? a haughty East egger , teddy , interject ... teddy he be a german spy during the war . jordan teddy Barton . Nick carraway . nick ( to teddy ) a german spy ...? teddy 's annoying East egger friend , nelson , chime in ... nelson no , no , no , no . he 's the kaiser 's assassin . and the third of the East egger trio , languid girl , add ... languid girl I hear he kill a man once . nelson its true ! lanuid girl you look at he sometimes when he think no one 's watch ... I will bet he kill a man . teddy kill for fun ! free of charge . nelson well he 's already richer than God . Nick turn to Jordan ; a alarmed whisper . 31 . nick you do not believe he kill a man do you ...? jordan ( wickedly ) let 's go find he , and you can ask he yourself ... as the dance - floor erupt , and world - famous dancer gilda grey be announce , Jordan lead Nick off ... int . gatsby' castle - grand ballroom - evening music feverishly build ! as Nick and Jordan bound up a wind staircase , Jordan tease seductively ... jordan oh , Mr. gatsby ...! ( to nick ) shall I lead you into he clutches ? int . gatsby' castle - library - evening bang ! Nick and Jordan explode into a dark room . a stout , middle - age man wheel to they with unsettle intensity . owl eye you will not find he ...! he pluck two finger - bowl size cocktail from a row line up on the table and hand they to Nick and Jordan . owl eye ( cont 'd ) this house and everything in it , be all part of a elaborate disguise . but Mr. gatsby do not exist . jordan phooey ; I have meet he ! owl eye which one ; the Prince , the spy , the murderer ? I have be wander he hall drunk for about a week now - but no matter where I look , I can not find anyone who know anything real about Mr. gatsby . 32 . jordan ( blithely dismissive ) well I do not care ; he give large party - and I like large party , they be so intimate ; at small party there be not any privacy . nick ( slowly to owl eye ) but if that 's true ; what 's all this for ...? owl eye that , my dear fellow , be the question ... owl eye look to the window ; and Nick and Jordan follow he gaze to ... gatsby 's garden , where , as the band hit fever pitch , and twilight become night ... the party have begun !!!! ext . gatsby' castle - pool - night as the music near its final crescendo , the evening 's many fantastical character dance uproariously around the pool !!! on a elaborate flotilla in the center of it all Jordan and Nick be kick a wild Charleston . the number finally peak ! nick I do not expect all this ... jordan ( coy ) what do you expect ? nick I do not know ... jordan disappointed ? nick not in the slight ... Jordan and Nick look as if they might just kiss ... teddy ( to nick ) penny-less pantywaist ! teddy leer between they and pull Jordan away ... 33. teddy ( cont 'd ) I be steal she away carraway ! over wild applause , the orchestra leader announce ... orchestra leader lady and gentleman , please make you way to the grand terrazzo ; for the premiere of Mr. Vladimir tostoff 's " a Jazz History of the World " , and accompany firework ! Nick follow Jordan , but teddy cut he off -- teddy look around you ! Rich girl do not marry poor boy -- on cue , a drink tray float into frame . there be a flurry of movement ... teddy rudely snatch a couple of martinis ... Nick , disorient and empty-hand , begin up the stair , and as he do so , hear the voice of the man hold the tray ... man you face be familiar . be not you in the third division during the war ? nick yes ; the ninth battalion . CUT to : the man . he be tan and handsome ; just past thirty . man I be in the seventh . I know I would see you somewhere before ... have a good time , old sport ? nick ( very tipsy ) the whole thing 's incredible - I live next door ... ( brandish he now crumpled invitation ) he even send I a invitation , but I still have not meet Mr. gatsby , no one 's meet he ; they say he 's third cousin to the kaiser and second cousin to the devil ! at the landing , half way up the step , the man take a drink from a waiter 's tray and hand it to Nick ... 34 . man I be afraid I be not a very good host , old sport ... I be gatsby . close on : Nick - he face drop . nick ( muttering apologies ) oh .. I be very sorry -- I ... I have have so much to drink ... the delirious open chord of tostoff 's " History " coincide with a gorgeous explosion of firework in the night sky ! gatsby ( apologetically ) I think you know , old sport . gatsby smile a dazzle smile ; sound fade to a serene hum . nick ( v.o. ) his smile be one of that rare smile that you may come across four or five time in life . it seem to understand you and believe in you just as you would like to be understand and believe in . all at once the bubble burst , a silver - haire , fifty - ish man in a immaculate tail - suit , ( herzog ) lean into gatsby . herzog Excuse I sir ; Chicago on the wire . gatsby nod , but before he depart he smile at Nick . gatsby I be try out my new hydroplane in the morning . want to go with I , old sport ? Nick shake himself from he reverie . nick what time ? gatsby any time that suit you . gatsby turn , and catch for the first time , Jordan . gatsby ( cont 'd ) Lovely to see you miss Baker . 35 . he kiss she lightly on the hand . gatsby ( cont 'd ) ( to nick ) if you need anything , just ask for it , old sport . I will rejoin you later ... Excuse I . as Nick watch gatsby walk away , he whisper with amazement . nick I expect he to be ... jordan Old and fat ? nick well , yes ; young man do not just drift coolly out of nowhere and buy a palace on Long Island . jordan he tell I once he be a Oxford man . however , I do not believe it ... nick why not ? jordan I do not know ... I just do not believe he go there ... Jordan be interrupt by a voice . herzog I beg you pardon ... she and Nick jump to find herzog suddenly beside they . herzog ( cont 'd ) miss Baker ; Mr. gatsby would like to speak to you ... alone . jordan ( surprised ) I ? herzog yes , madame . as Vladimir tostoff 's erotic , ominous chord build , Jordan cross the now empty dance floor toward the silhouette of gatsby in the library window ... 36 . Nick , unsettle , watch she go ... dissolve to : int . gatsby' castle - maproom - later alarmingly drunk girl sprawl at the foot of the grand piano . klipspringer play , a weep woman attempt to slur along , and as a deject Nick pass they toward the front stair , the library door open , and Jordan emerge alone ... see Nick , she rush to he ... jordan Nick ! Nick ! I have just hear the most shocking thing ; it all make sense ... teddy and the other East eggers accost Jordan . teddy where have you be !? the car 's wait ! Jordan be drag out the door ... Nick , on tenterhook follow , as Jordan call back ... jordan simply amazing ! it all make sense . it all make sense ... ext . gatsby' castle - night the night have devolve into drunken mayhem as car jam the driveway and intoxicate guest search for they vehicle . Nick chase Jordan down the marble stair . nick what make sense ...? jordan everything ... but here I be tantalize you ... the East eggers and Jordan pile into they limousine . Jordan , a mysterious smile as she lean out the window . jordan ( cont 'd ) and I swore I would not tell . 37 . nick but ... jordan Nick . I be sorry , I swore I would not tell . the car take off and Nick be leave stare ; mystify ... a voice startles he . gatsby sorry to keep she from you , old sport . do not forget ; we be go up in the hydroplane tomorrow morning . herzog appear behind gatsby . herzog Philadelphia on the phone , sir . gatsby nod , then smile that intoxicating smile . gatsby good night , old sport ... nick good night . thank you . gatsby nod warmly , and turn inside . as Nick walk away he be confront by a bizarre scene : a big crowd gather around a coupé , rest on its side in a ditch . suddenly ! owl eye pop from the wreck . he leer drunkenly ... owl eye whazza matter !? we run outta gas !? the beep of a horn catch Nick 's attention . Jordan , lean out of the window of she car as it sweep away , call to he . jordan come and see I ... we will have tea ! I be in the phone- book ! Nick wave , smile , and cut across the lawn . close on : Nick . as he reach the stone- pass separate he yard from gatsby 's , he stop ; a familiar feel ... 38 . int . gatsby' castle - tower - continuous High up in the window , the shadowy figure of gatsby stand , phone press to he ear , watch Nick . after a moment , he raise he hand in formal farewell . nick ( v.o ) we ride in the hydroplane ... and I attend two more of he party , even make use of he beach . but I soon realize that I know absolutely nothing about gatsby at all , until ... int . nick's bungalow - morning Nick be eat breakfast , study bond , when he glass of orange juice begin to rattle and shake . puzzle , Nick hurry to the window ... ext . nick's bungalow - continuous gatsby 's yellow duesenberg hurtle up Nick 's drive and skid to a stop . Nick emerge to he porch . gatsby leap out ! gatsby its pretty be not it , old sport ...? have not you see it before ? its all a custom job . supercharge engine . get dress ... we be have lunch ! slam CUT to : I /e. gatsby' car - long island countryside - day the duesenberg whip and wind along a tree-line road ... gatsby , beyond nervous , drive with reckless intensity . gatsby ah ... well ... ah ... look here , old sport ... what 's you opinion of I , anyhow ? nick my ... opinion ? 39 . gatsby yes , yes , you opinion ! gatsby yank the wheel ; Nick hang on for dear life ! gatsby ( cont 'd ) I do not want you to get the wrong impression from all that bizarre accusation you must be hearing . a pack of lie I assure you . you have hear the storey ...? nick well -- gatsby I will tell you God 's truth . God 's truth about myself ! ( raise right hand ) I be the son of some very wealthy people from the Middle - West ; sadly , all dead now ... I be bring up in America , but educate at Oxford ; because all my ancestor have be educate there for many year . you see , it 's a ... a family tradition . as gatsby 's speech continue at breakneck speed ... Nick 's v.o. fade up . nick ( v.o. ) the way he speak ... no wonder people think he be lie ... gatsby after that I live like a young Prince in all the capital of Europe ! nick Europe ? barrel around a blind turn , gatsby wrench at the wheel and maniacally overtake a truck laden with farmhand ... gatsby yes , Europe ! Paris ; Venice ; Rome ; Vienna , Zurich , Helsinki ... collect jewel , chiefly ruby , hunt big game , painting , a little , thing for myself mostly , and try to forget something very sad that happen to I long ago ... 40 . pan up : the duesenberg rocket forth ; in the far distance the lush green countryside cede to the lifeless Valley of ash . dissolve to : I /e. gatsby' car / the valley of ash - day gatsby have not stop for breath ... gatsby then come the war , old sport ... nick ( v.o. ) just when I think it could not be any more fantastical ... gatsby it be a great relief and I try very hard to die , but I seem to bear a enchant life ... nick ( v.o. ) he become a war hero , single - handedly defeat the german army ! close on : gatsby . he speak with sudden , subdued emotion . gatsby in the argonne Forest I take my machine gun detachment so far forward ... we be outnumber five to one . there be a half mile gap on either side of we where the infantry could not advance . we stay there two day and two night , 130 man with only 16 Lewis gun ... something catch Nick 's eye ... nick be Pov : myrtle Wilson pump gas outside Wilson 's garage . gatsby ( cont 'd ) ... when the infantry come up at last they find the insignia of 3 german division among the pile of the dead . screeechhh !!! gatsby slam to halt at the train crossing ! 41 . gatsby ( cont 'd ) I be promote to Major and every ally government give I a decoration ; even Montenegro ! Little Montenegro down on the Adriatic Sea . slam ! a medal be suddenly in Nick 's lap . gatsby ( cont 'd ) here ! that 's the one from Montenegro . it look authentic . gatsby ( cont 'd ) turn it . nick ( read ) Major jay gatsby . for valor extraordinary . gatsby that 's right . slap ! a photograph join the medal . gatsby ( cont 'd ) here 's another thing that I always carry . a souvenir of my Oxford day ; the man on my leave be now the Earl of doncaster . close on : the photograph . Young man in blazer loaf in front of Oxford College . gatsby stand with a cricket bat in hand . nick ( v.o. ) what could I say ...? the photograph be undoubtedly authentic . could it all be true ? ding ! the gate lift . and as gatsby peel out , towards New York , he continue ... gatsby ( o.s. ) but do not take my word for it . at lunch , I be go to introduce you to one of New York 's most distinguished businessman ; my friend , Mr. meyer wolfsheim , who will confirm all I have tell you , and vouch for my good character ... 42 . I /e. gatsby' car - astoria - day gatsby weave between the pylon of the elevate highway . nick I be sure that 's not necessary ... gatsby wheel to Nick , smile with charming intensity . gatsby oh but it be though ...! you see , I think you ought to know something about my life . I ... I do not want you to think I be just some ... some nobody . you see , old sport , I be go to make a very big request of you today . nick a big request ? gatsby yes. yes ... miss Baker will explain everything when you take she to tea this afternoon . nick ( catch off guard ) Jordan ...? what 's she get to do with it ? gatsby oh , I assure you it 's nothing underhand . miss Baker 's a honest sportswoman ; she would never do anything that be not alright ... rriiirrraa ! a shriek police siren ! before gatsby can continue , a motorcycle cop pull alongside . cop pull over !!! pull over to the curb ! gatsby ( calmly ) all right , old sport ! alright . without slow , gatsby take a card from he pocket ... cop ( embarrassed ) right you be ... know you next time , Mr. gatsby . Excuse I ! 43. the cop peel off ; and the duesenberg , carry a absolutely mystify Nick , rocket towards the queensboro Bridge ! nick one of you old Oxford pal ? gatsby well ... actually , I be able to do the commissioner a favor once ; he send a Christmas card every year . ( add proudly ) I imagine he will be at lunch too ... nick by the time we reach the bridge I be impossibly confuse ... Nick turn to see : a roll royce in which two stylish african american men and a woman haughtily quaff champagne . they be drive by a white chauffeur . a orchestral melody surge ... nick ( v.o. ) I do not know what to think ... but the city see from the queensboro Bridge be always the city see for the first time , in its first wild promise of all the mystery and the beauty in the world . anything can happen now that we have sly over this bridge , I think ; anything at all ... as the orchestra build , gatsby 's car shoot into Manhattan , through Times Square and beneath the famous advertisement of the man in the Arrow shirt . we follow , sweeping high over skyscraper . the duesenberg pull up on the street below ... suddenly the camera plummet with startling velocity ... nick ( v.o. ) even gatsby could happen ... baaaam ! a fat beat kick as we explode through a grate , into : int . the angry diamond speakeasy - day the sweaty grind of music shake the air . on stage a pianist , the professor , bang out a sizzling tune ! pull through a double -glass mirror into : 44 . int . dick diver' cut barbershop - continuous discover : Nick and gatsby enter the cramped shop ... in the center of the room a tall , distinguished , grey- bearded man in a exquisitely cut suit , and with gold ring on every finger , be have a beard trim . this , be meyer wolfsheim . wolfsheim ah my boy ...! they embrace . gatsby meyer , meyer ... wolfsheim you smell so good . gatsby Mr. carraway ; my friend , Mr. wolfsheim . gatsby guide Nick and wolfsheim toward the back of the shop . wolfsheim a wonderful pleasure , Mr. carraway . I know all about you . nick really ? wold of course ! Mr. gatsby be always talk about you . gatsby rap a code knock on a hide door at the back of the shop . the door slide open , the rumble of music pour out ... wolfsheim ( sinister ) come , join we for a little lunch ... int . the angry diamond speakeasy - continuous gatsby usher wolfsheim and Nick down narrow creak stair , through the crowd and into the smoke- fill speakeasy ... ecu : Nick , take in he new , seedy surroundings . 45 . wolfsheim ( whisper to gatsby ) tell walter chase ; " he shut he mouth or he do not get a penny ... " gatsby we will talk about that later ... the head waiter appear . head waiter highballs , Mr. gatsby ? gatsby yes , highball it be . ( point to Nick ) you take good care of my friend here ! a portly man of obvious stature , surround by scantily clad flapper , yell from a corner booth . commissioner hey jay ...! you be under arrest !!! gatsby smile and tip he hat . gatsby you be careful now . you be turn into a real jazz-hound commissioner . ( to nick ) see , that 's the commissioner back there . gatsby , the king here , greet patron high and low ... he see senator gulick at the crap table . gatsby ( cont 'd ) you be careful at that table now Senator ! senator gulick of course ! I will put a bet on for you jay ! waiter clear a front row table - best seat in the house - gatsby help wolfsheim to he . wolfsheim eye the girl on the stage . gatsby flash Nick a charming smile . 46 . gatsby shall we order ? ( to the waiter ) lobster tail all round . ( to nick ) they decorate it with truffle slice and fine herb . very artistic . wolfsheim glance to gatsby , and then turn again to Nick ... wolfsheim so ... how be the bond business Mr. carraway ? nick it 's fine , thank you . wolfsheim I understand you be look for a business gonnegtion -- gatsby no , no . this be not the man . this be the friend I tell you about . wolfsheim oh ! beg you pardon , I have a wrong man . woldsheim pat Nick on the back , unsettle he further ... gatsby , a quick glance to he watch and wolfsheim , jump up . gatsby now , if you will excuse I . I have to make that call . ( gesture to Nick ) meyer , do you mind ? gatsby leave Nick and wolfsheim alone . wolfsheim gatsby ! what a gentleman ! from one of the finest family in the Midwest ... sadly all dead now . let I tell you , when I make the pleasure of Mr. gatsby 's acquaintance just after the war , I know I have discover a man of fine breeding . a war hero ! such ... medal . and , a oggsford man . oggsford College in England . you know oggsford ? 47 . nick I have hear of it ... wolfsheim then you would know that a man like that can be trust . with a friend , with someone like you , he would never so much as look at you wife ... nick I be not ... marry . wolfsheim but you work on Wall Street , right ? nick ( totally confuse ) yes ... Nick study wolfsheim , notice a oddity about he outfit . wolfsheim look at my tiepin ? close on : the pin . wolfsheim ( cont 'd ) finest specimen of human molar ... before Nick can recover , gatsby suddenly return . gatsby gentlemen . everything alright ...? nick oh , yes ... we be just talk about other people 's wife ... gatsby ( take he seat ) other people 's wife ? ah ... I see . gatsby look to wolfsheim . gatsby ( cont 'd ) other people 's wife ... meyer ? wolfsheim nod , smile , and check out the dance girl ... wolfsheim well , my work here be do . I will leave you gentleman to talk about you sport and you woman ... 48 . wolfsheim follow he favorite dancer off ... gatsby you will have to excuse he ... in he old age , he 's prone to " digress ... " he 's a regular around here ; a real denizen of Broadway ... nick who be he anyhow ? gatsby meyer ? he 's a gambler . over Nick and gatsby 's shoulder be wolfsheim , mingling with the lady ; but occasionally glance in they direction ... nick a actor ? gatsby meyer ? no . he 's the man who fix the 1919 World Series . nick fix it ? gatsby fix it . nick how do he manage that ? gatsby he just ... see the opportunity , I suppose . he 's a very smart man . ( try to change subject ) now , old sport , about miss Baker , and that request we speak of ... before gatsby can go on , Tom Buchanan loom over the table . tom hey Nick ! Nick ! where have you be !? Daisy 's furious you have not call up . Nick and gatsby stand . nick this be Mr. gatsby , Mr. Buchanan . close on : gatsby . with strange intensity he offer he hand . 49 . gatsby I be so very , very ... delighted to make you acquaintance . Tom turn back to Nick . tom I would not have expect to find you in this temple of virtue . nick I be have lunch with Mr. gat -- Nick turn , but inexplicably , gatsby be go . push toward : Nick , surprise rise into anger ... CUT to : ext . the HOTEL sayre - rooftop garden - dusk Jordan be perch at a elegant table , overlook Times Square and the advertisement of the man in the beautiful Arrow shirt . discover : Nick , frustrated , dodging the fashionable and famous ... nick I be look for Ms. Baker . yes . the famous sport star . the golfer ... there ... I have spot she . Nick come to a abrupt halt in front of Jordan . nick ( cont 'd ) what game be you and gatsby play at !? a immaculate maitre 'd offer Nick a chair . maitre 'd will the gentleman be join ? nick ( frustrate ) one moment please -- jordan please , Nick , sit down . this be a polite restaurant . as Nick 's frustration and Jordan 's embarrassment grow -- 50 . nick it 's all very strange . he pick I up in he fancy yellow car ... and he 's go on and on and on about he life and the war and ruby and Oxford and ... what be -- jordan if you will just have a seat -- nick what be this big request !? jordan Nick --! he just want you to invite Daisy to tea . nick tea ? ( not what Nick expect ) Daisy ...? and gatsby ...? Nick sit ... nick ( cont 'd ) why ? jordan well ... I do not know quite where to start . you see ... I meet gatsby , five year ago , in louisville ... dissolve to : ext . daisy house - louisville - day tight on : golf shoe bite into soft , green grass . jordan ( o.s. ) it be the day I get my new English golf shoe . wide : a row of fancy louisville home - red , white and blue bunt " tut , tutting " in the breeze - be set along a beautiful , green stretch of park . jordan ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Daisy be by far the most popular girl with the officer from Camp Taylor ... across the road , 18 year old daisy be perch in the front seat of she flashy white roadster , beam , happy ... 51 . jordan ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) one of they be in the car with she . beside Daisy reveal : a handsome lieutenant : young jay gatsby . jordan ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) it be gatsby . and the way he look at she ... dissolve to : ext . the HOTEL sayre - rooftop garden - dusk the silhouettes of Jordan and Nick , lean close , be light magnificently against the bead light of the city ... jordan ( o.s. ) be the way all girl want to be look at . they eye meet ; a conspire flicker . nick ( blown away ) so what happen ? jordan well , I do not know ... dissolve to : ext . french battlefield - day gatsby lead he man on a heroic charge out of the trenches -- jordan ( o.s. ) gatsby be send off to war ... a massive explosion rock the battlefield ! jordan ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) but when the war end ... for some unknown reason , gatsby could not return ... dissolve to : montage . a newspaper fill the screen : 52 . " america's wealthiest bachelor to wed : tom buchanan lure louisville's sweetheart . " jordan ( o.s. ) a year later , Tom Buchanan of Chicago sweep in and steal she away ... dissolve to : int . seelbach HOTEL - daisy grand suite - night a exquisite string of pearl coil around Daisy 's neck . jordan ( o.s. ) he give she a string of pearl worth $ 350,000 . reveal : Tom , tightening the clasp . dissolve to : int . seelbach HOTEL . daisy grand suite - morning jordan ( o.s. ) but , the morning of the wedding , Daisy receive a letter ... on the bed , Daisy , hysterical , clutches a bottle in one hand and a letter in the other . daisy ( scream ) tell they Daisy 's change she mind ! jordan Daisy ! please , everyone 's wait ! Daisy reach for the pearl around she neck ... young daisy give they back !! suddenly ! Daisy tear the pearl and hurl they ; they explode into a hundred shimmer piece against the hard wood floor ! CUT to : a set of stern , white heel click down the hall ... reveal : Daisy 's hard - mouth mother . daisy mother what on earth be go on in here !? 53. she mother 's eye land on the bottle , and then the letter ... push in : the last line of the letter read : Love , jay . daisy leave I alone ! daisy mother Jordan , run the bath ! now ! dissolve to : int . seelbach HOTEL - bathroom - morning in the bath , Daisy 's grip the letter in she tremble hand . nick ( o.s. ) what be in the letter ? a deep breath , a last look , and then , Daisy open she hand ... the letter come to piece like snow . jordan ( o.s. ) I do not know . she would not tell I . but before the letter disappear completely we read one more line : " the truth be ... " dissolve to : ext . louisville church - front step - late afternoon Daisy and Tom , newly marry , pose for photo . jordan ( o.s. ) anyway , that day , at five o'clock , Daisy faye marry Tom Buchanan with more pomp and circumstance than louisville have ever see ... dissolve to : ext . time square - night Jordan and Nick stroll beneath the soar electric sign . jordan after the honeymoon , I see they in Santa Barbara . it be touch , actually ... ( more ) 54 . jordan ( cont 'd ) I would never see a girl so in love with she husband . ( muse cynically ) a week later , Tom crash he car . the girl with he be a chambermaid at the Santa Barbara Hotel . it get into all the papers ... as Jordan and Nick approach the curb , wait for a cab , Nick turn to Jordan ; he 's strike by a ... sudden , puzzle think . nick it 's a strange coincidence , be not it ? gatsby 's house be just across the bay ... Jordan whirl round -- jordan it 's no coincidence . he buy that house to be near she , he throw all that party hope she would wander in one night . he constantly ask about Daisy ... I be the first one who know she . Nick take this in ; as if see gatsby for the first time . nick all that for a girl he have not see in five year ...? and now he just want I to have she for tea ...? ( to himself ) the modesty of it . jordan kind of take you breath away , do not it ? a cab pull up , and Nick open the door ... int . taxi - continuous Jordan slide in ... taxi driver even sweetheart ! where to ? jordan Long Island , please . 55 . nick and you think I should ? I mean , do Daisy want to see gatsby ? jordan ( a stern whisper ) she 's absolutely not to know . you be just suppose to invite she over so he can " happen to drop by . " close on : Nick , unsure ... nick ( v.o. ) I remember feel tear . be it right to bring my cousin Daisy , a marry woman , together with a man I hardly know ? as Nick wonder , the taxi float across Times Square , under the cool eye of the man in the Arrow shirt ... dissolve to : ext . dirt track to nick's bungalow - night Nick 's taxi pull past gatsby 's mansion , ablaze with light . nick ( v.o. ) when I return home , gatsby 's be light , from tower to cellar , as if for another wild party . but ... there be not a sound . ext . nick's bungalow - night as Nick 's taxi groan away , gatsby appear stride through the illuminate tree toward Nick . nick you place look like the World 's Fair ... or coney Island ! gatsby ( terribly anxious ) ah , do it ? I have ... I have just be glance into some room ... let 's go to coney Island , old sport , we can take my car -- nick it 's too late tonight . 56 . gatsby or we can take a plunge in the swim pool ? I have not make use of it all summer ... nick I must go to bed ... gatsby look crestfallen . Nick put he out of he misery . nick ( cont 'd ) happy to do it . jay -- I be go to call Daisy and invite she to tea . gatsby oh , that 's alright . I do not want to put you to any trouble ... nick what day would suit you ? gatsby what day would suit you ...? I do not want to put you to any trouble ... nick Day after tomorrow alright ? gatsby Day after tomorrow ? well , I would ... I would want to get the grass cut . they both look at the grass - there be a sharp line where Nick 's rag lawn end and gatsby 's manicure one begin . gatsby ( cont 'd ) there 's another little thing ... I think -- look here , old sport -- you do not make much money , do you ? nick not really . gatsby if you will pardon my ... you see , I carry on a little business on the side - a sort of sideline - you understand what I be say right ? you be sell bond , be not you , old sport ? nick try to . 57 . gatsby well , this might interest you ... it happen to be a rather confidential sort of thing ... but you might pick up a nice bit of money . nick I have get my hand full . gatsby 's face fall . gatsby you would not have to do any business with wolfsheim . I assure you . nick no , no , no ... its a favor jay . just a favor . Nick 's sincerity disarm gatsby ; a tiny , embarrassed nod . nick ( cont 'd ) happy to do it . gatsby a favor ? nick yes . as if no one have ever do he a favor before in he life ... gatsby ah , right , right ... goodnight . nick goodnight . with this , gatsby turn and stroll back toward he blaze castle . Nick 's gaze fall upon the unkempt lawn . he smile . dissolve to : ext . nick's bungalow - front lawn - day top shot : a enormous mower clatter through frame , carve Nick 's unkempt lawn into a fresh , broad , band of green . reveal : a army of gardnder give Nick 's lawn and garden a make - over , fresh paint , new flower , trim hedge ... dissolve to : 58 . ext . nick's bungalow - front lawn - the following day heavy rain now fall . gatsby , dress in white flannel suit , silver shirt , and gold tie , lead a dozen umbrella-holding servant across the lawn . herzog hold a umbrella over gatsby ; the other servant shelter extravagant floral arrangement in crystal vase ... Nick watch the parade through he window , open he door just as gatsby arrive ; the servant continue inside . on the porch , gatsby look around distractedly . gatsby one of the papers say they think the rain would stop about four . I think it be the Journal ... a awkward beat . nick the grass look fine . gatsby grass ? gatsby look at Nick without really comprehend , or see . gatsby ( cont 'd ) what grass ? sudden CUT to : int . nick's bungalow - live room - day tight on : a mantelpiece clock , tick in the tense silence . wider : the room be crowded with absurdly extravagant floral arrangement . Nick sit watch as gatsby intensely pace . the silence stretch , and stretch ... finally ... gatsby have you get everything you need ? nick perhaps more flower ? gatsby I think they do a fine job , do not you ? 59 . nick beautiful . gatsby you think it 's too much ? nick I think it 's what you want . gatsby I think so too ... she will be impressed , will not she old sport ? nick I be . with this , gatsby straighten he suit , sit , and hurriedly check he watch . another long silence ... push in on : gatsby ... suddenly ! he leap to he foot ! gatsby I can not wait all day . I be leave ! nick do not be silly . it 's just two minute to four ... but gatsby head for the door ... gatsby nobody 's come to tea . it 's too late ! beeeeep ! gatsby glimpsis Daisy 's roll royce arrive out front , and turn to Nick , flushed with fresh panic . nick it 's she . push in on gatsby : mind racing ... ext . nick's bungalow - day Daisy 's chauffeur - drive roll pull up in the muddy drive . as Nick assist Daisy from the car ... daisy be this absolutely where you live , my dearest one ? she look at he with a mysterious smile . 60 . daisy ( cont 'd ) why do I have to come alone ? be you in love with I ? nick that 's the secret of carraway Castle . ( playing along ) tell you chauffeur to go far away . daisy come back in a hour , ferdie ! ( grave murmur ) his name be ferdie . int . nick's bungalow - hall - day Daisy continue ahead into the live room . Nick hang back and listen hopefully to Daisy 's reaction at discover gatsby . he smile as he hear a delighted ... daisy ( o.s. ) oh --! oh , my goodness . I ... I can not believe it . you -- do you ransack a greenhouse ? int . nick's bungalow - live room - continuous daisy ( to herself ) he be in love with I ... Nick enter , but be shocked to discover that gatsby be not there . Daisy 's merely be admire the flower display ... nick that 's funny . daisy what 's funny ? knock . knock . someone be at the door . nick one moment ... int . nick's bungalow - hall - continuous Nick open the door . 61 . gatsby , pale as death and soak , glare miserably at Nick . nick what be you do ? without a word , gatsby stalk past he , into ... int . nick's bungalow - live room - continuous Daisy , she back to the door , be still marvel at the flower . then she turn . see gatsby . a sharp intake of breath ... the reunite lover stand , stare at each other for a long , surreal , moment of disbelief . gatsby , eye lock to Daisy 's , be drown in emotion . Daisy finally manage a artificial , choke murmur . daisy I be certainly glad to see you again . gatsby 's face be flushed ; the vein stand out on he neck as he lip spasm in a hopeless attempt to speak . finally , he find word ... gatsby I be ... certainly glad to see you as well . they heart pound - the tension excruciate . eeeekkk ! the scream of a boil kettle off screen break the tension -- CUT to : int . nick's bungalow - live room - day gatsby recline uncomfortably against the mantelpiece . his elbow rest near the mantelpiece clock . Daisy sit opposite ; freeze on the edge of a chair . the rattle of the tea tray as Nick enter only contribute to the already unbearable tension . gatsby manage to murmur . gatsby we have meet before ... suddenly the clock tilt at the pressure of gatsby 's elbow ... 62 . and fall ! and break ! gatsby ( cont 'd ) ah ... sorry ... he clumsily try to repair the clock ; but drop it again ! nick ( idiotically ) it 's a old ... clock . daisy ( desperate for small talk ) Lovely though . a lovely ... clock . gatsby finally manage to set the clock back on the mantle . gatsby take a seat . a long silent beat . daisy ( cont 'd ) we have not meet for many year . gatsby ( a automatic reflex ) five year next November . the precision of gatsby 's answer be acutely embarrassing . nick ( abruptly ) tea ? gatsby ( dying ) thank you old sport . daisy ( also mortified ) darling thank you . Nick pour ; and they all sit stiffly , sip they tea . a long , terrible silence ... suddenly Nick stand . nick I just need to ... pop into town . gatsby ( horrified ) town ...? 63. nick the village ; I will be right back . as Nick leave , gatsby follow . gatsby I have get to speak to you ...! int . nick's bungalow - kitchen - continuous wildly follow Nick , gatsby whisper miserably : gatsby oh , God ! this be a mistake , a terrible , terrible mistake ... nick you be just embarrassed , that 's all ... Daisy 's embarrassed too . gatsby she 's embarrassed ? nick just as much as you be . gatsby do not talk so loud ! nick you be act like a little boy ! you be rude . Daisy 's in there all alone and ... gatsby raise he hand , look at Nick reproachfully , and head back into the live room . ext . nick's bungalow - continuous Nick run for a tree whose leave shield against the rain . nick ( v.o. ) look over my story so far , I be remind that for the second time that summer ... wide : Nick beneath the tree look tiny , and very alone . nick ( v.o. ) I be guard other people 's secret . 64 . int . nick's bungalow - live room - day later . Nick re-enter , bedraggle , rain-soaked . nick ( v.o. ) once again I be within ... he try to get gatsby and Daisy 's attention , to no avail ... the lover be completely and totally absorb in each other . nick ( v.o. ) and without ... Nick bang pot in the sink - still nothing . he clear he throat : nick its ... stop raining . Daisy turn ; a radiant smile . every vestige of embarrassment between Daisy and gatsby be go . gatsby literally glow . gatsby yes , it have ... ( to daisy ) have not it ? he stand , walk to the window and look out across the bay . gatsby ( cont 'd ) what do you think of that , Daisy ? come look . Daisy join gatsby and they step out onto the porch together . ext . nick's bungalow - porch - continuous daisy look . its my house . just there across the bay ... gatsby and Daisy 's eye meet . gatsby I know . I have the same view from my place . daisy where 's you place ? gatsby turn back to Nick . 65 . gatsby Nick , I want you and Daisy both to see my house . I would like to show she around . nick be you sure you want I to come ? gatsby absolutely , old sport . absolutely . ext . gatsby' castle - front gate - day servant swing open ivy -cover gate ... gatsby ( proudly ) I have the gate bring in from a castle in normandy . reveal : gatsby 's castle glisten in the sunlight . close on : Daisy . a delighted cry . daisy oh , jay ...!? its so grand ! gatsby do you like it ? daisy I love it ...! but how do you live here all alone ? gatsby I do not . I keep it always full of interesting , celebrate people ... as Daisy run ahead , gatsby murmur to Nick . gatsby ( cont 'd ) my house look well do not it ? see how the whole front catch the light like that ? Daisy yell back ... dausy come on you two ! I want the royal tour ! dissolve to : 66 . ext . gatsby' castle - garden - day gatsby have transformed into a good - nature show -off , hurry Nick and Daisy through a maze of fantastical garden , past magnificent fountain and into he castle ... int . gatsby' castle - kitchen - day gatbsy show off he brand new orange-juicer . gatbsy you must understand , I like all thing that be modern . Daisy ready a cocktail shaker beneath the spout of the giant silver orange juice machine . gatsby if you press this button here , the orange shoot through here , be crush there ... the juice of 200 orange extract in one hour ...! gatsby press , the machine groan and juice splashes out ! dissolve to : ext . gatsby' beach - diving pontoon - late afternoon Daisy , Nick and gatsby drunkenly drive golf ball out toward the bay . Nick film on the world 's first home - camcorder ... gatsby its a remarkable little camera -- latest design . while , nearby , a butler in a boat stand watch over a spin gramophone and bottle of champagne ... daisy you do know , I be a champion golfer , do not you ? here , I will show you how its do . crack ! Daisy cut a marvelous swing , snap a club in two ! she fall into gatsby arm ... Nick film ... 67 . gatsby she look like she could be on the cover of vogue , do not you think ...? dissolve to : int . gatsby' castle - grand ballroom - early evening gatsby and Nick trail behind Daisy , crossing the ballroom . Daisy , champagne in hand , spot the soar ballroom organ . daisy oh ...! its beautiful . gatsby its a custom wurlitzer . daisy can anyone play it ? gatsby klipspringer can . ( to he footmen ) someone wake ewing ! Daisy twirl round , overjoy ... daisy Music ! and we can dance all night ! gatsby ewing 's a symphonic genius , he can play anything ...! Daisy run up the stair and call down ... daisy then I demand a Charleston ! gatsby gaze up after Daisy , and confide in Nick ... gatsby ( as if in a dream ) she make it look so splendid , do not you think old sport ? dissolve to : int . gatsby' castle . gatsby' bedroom - evening Nick and Daisy follow gatsby into the bedroom ... 68 . gatsby bound ahead , start up a spiral stair ... he throw open a massive cabinet , revealing a prism of suit , dress - gowns , watch and tie . gatsby I have get a man in England who busy I clothes ...! he playfully toss Daisy a boater-hat ... gatsby ( cont 'd ) something for the lady ... then he begin yanking down shirt and toss they over the rail to Daisy ... daisy I have never see anything like it ! gatsby he send over a selection at the beginning of each season ... daisy jay ! with ever-increasing enthusiasm ! gatsby this be silk ! line ! indian flannel ! egyptian cotton ! Daisy , intoxicate , leap on the bed , arm outstretch ... daisy no , jay ... you will ruin they ! ( to nick ) nicky ! he 's a madman ! more and more and more shirt float down ... the rumble of distant thunder . close on : Daisy . time slow as shirt flutter , like giant snowflake , down toward she . slowly , quietly , she mirth transform to sob ... she hide she face in shirt ... gatsby ease down the stair and nestle beside Daisy , take she tear - streak face in he hand ... gatsby what be it ? 69 . daisy it 's just ... it make I sad , because ... Daisy glance in Nick 's direction ... gatsby why ? daisy ... because ... a suspend moment ; Daisy be incapable of speak she heart . nick ( v.o. ) five lose year struggle on Daisy 's lip . but all she could manage be ... daisy it 's just ... because I have never see such beautiful shirt before . gatsby if it be not for the mist we could see the green light ... daisy what green light ? gatsby the one that burn all night at the end of you dock . as gatsby and Daisy stare out across the bay ... nick ( v.o. ) possibly , it have occur to gatsby that the colossal significance of that light have vanish forever . now , it be once again just a green light on a dock . his count of enchant object have diminish by one . Nick , impell to remind Daisy and gatsby of he presence , emerge from the shadow and descend the spiral staircase . he hold a photo of a elderly man in yachting costume ... nick who 's this ? you father ? 70 . gatsby no , no .. that 's Mr. Dan cody , old sport ... he 's dead now . he use to be my best friend year ago . Daisy join Nick at the bottom of the step . in the photo with cody , also in yachting costume , be a young gatsby ... daisy ( tease ) you never tell I you have a pompadour ... or a yacht . gatsby hastily pluck a scrapbook from a row on he desk ... gatsby I want to show you something ... look , here 's a lot of clipping , about you . they admire a scrapbook together . daisy ( touched ) you save my letter ... gatsby this be my first photo of you . as Daisy flip through and pull out a old letter of hers , we hear she read the letter in abstract voiceover : daisy ( v.o. ) we cant lose each other and let all this glorious love end in nothing . come home , I will be here wait and hope , for every long dream of you to come true ... come home jay ... bbbrrrnnnggg ! the phone shrill . gatsby Excuse I . gatsby cross the room , snatch up the receiver , and turn away ... he lower he voice . gatsby ( into phone ) ( cont 'd ) well I can not talk now old sport ... as the timbre of gatsby 's voice darken we push closer . gatsby ( into phone ) ( cont 'd ) I say a small town . 71 . ecu : gatsby 's eye narrow . gatsby ( into phone ) ( cont 'd ) he must know what a small town be . boooommm ! a storming wind bang open the french window ! as Nick move to shut they , he glimpsis gatsby ... gatsby ( into phone ) ( cont 'd ) ( frightening ) well , he 's no use to we if Detroit be he idea of a small town ... gatsby ring off abruptly , and catch Nick 's eye - a tense moment - which gatsby banish with that electrify smile . we hear the distant , jaunty sound of a pipe organ ... gatsby ( cont 'd ) ah , klipspringer ! he must be awake ! shall we ? int . gatsby' castle - grand ballroom - dusk become night Daisy , wear a flow robe and heel , dance a Charleston with Nick . a elaborate picnic , complete with candelabra and a mountain of cushion , be laid out on the floor . there , gatsby sit , look on , flush with joy . slowly though , gatsby 's expression turn introspective . as he watch Daisy dance , memory flood back to he ... dissolve to : flashback . a array of memories and image dissolve one into the other : gatsby and Daisy , five year ago , about to kiss ; a hand - write letter ; a gather storm ; the green light ... dissolve to : int . gatsby' castle - grand ballroom - night hundred of candle flicker in pattern . as a slow , melancholic waltz play , gatsby and Daisy dance , enrapture ... 72 . daisy ( whisper ) I wish I have do everything on earth with you . all my life . gatsby hold she closer . daisy ( cont 'd ) I wish that it could always be like this ... gatsby it will be ... across the room , Nick , exhaust and drunk and unnotice , stand to leave . at the ballroom door he turn back and glimpsis gatsby and Daisy , in a universe all they own ... nick ( v.o. ) if only it have be enough for gatbsy , just to hold Daisy ... the tower door close . dissolve to : int . gatsby' castle - bedroom - night gatsby stand at he window , stare into the night . nick ( v.o. ) but he have a grand vision for he life , and Daisy 's part in it . dissolve to : int . sanitarium - nick be room - end of winter - dusk Nick be write at he desk ... nick ( v.o. ) it be not until the end of that summer , on the last night I see gatsby , that he tell I of the life he have dreamt for himself since he be a boy ... int . sanitarium - doctor' office - end of winter - dusk Nick stop he read , and , very slowly , admit ... 73. nick you see doctor ... gatsby 's real name be ... James gatz . dissolve to : I /e. NORTH dakota farm hut - day push toward : a dilapidate hut , shroud in a storm of dust . nick ( v.o. ) his parent be dirt - poor farmer from North dakota ... discover : young gatz , barefoot , at a dusty desk , surround by tatter book , strange chart , and list . he be practice he signature ... nick ( v.o. ) but he never accept they as he parent at all . Young gatz turn from he write , and look through a hole in the roof towards the infinite heaven ... nick ( v.o. ) in he own imagination , he be ... a Son of God ... close on : the little boy look up at camera . nick ( v.o. ) destine for future glory ... dissolve to : ext . NORTH dakota - prairie - night the silhouette of teenage gatz , now 16 year old , disappear into the hill ... nick ( v.o. ) Chasing this destiny , a sixteen year old gatz run far , far away . dissolve to : 74 . ext . lake superior - late afternoon close on : a handsome 17 year old young gatsby , in a tear jersey and dirty canvas pants , row with all he might . nick ( v.o. ) one afternoon , off the coast of Lake Superior , he spot a yacht in peril ... Young gatsby let the row boat drift close to a magnificent yacht . wind be whipping whitecap on the bay . nick he row out and rescue the vessel , and its captain , alcoholic millionaire Dan cody ... the bleary face of dan cody appear at the yacht 's railing . cody whadzamatta ...? cody be very drunk . Young gatsby call urgently . young gatsby Sir ! the shoal here 's real bad , this wind could drag you onto it ... cody wave a dismissive arm ... cody whaderathinkyerdoin... , old sport ? he collapse , dead drunk . push in : on Young gatsby ; a plan form ... nick ( v.o. ) this be he opportunity , and he seize it . spring into action , he clamber onto the yacht . gatsby ( voice ) I decide right then and there to call myself : jay gatsby . dissolve to : ext . cody' yacht - late afternoon Young gatsby hoist the sail as the storm rage around he . 75 . nick ( v.o. ) he sail the yacht out of danger - and into he future ... dissolve to : ext . cody' yacht - day a perfect sunny day . Young gatsby and cody be sailing . nick ( v.o. ) gatsby show skill and ambition , and for five year they sail the world ... gatsby ( voice ) he be alright , old Dan , he teach I everything ... dissolve to : int . clothing store - day Young gatsby , now transformed , model a suit in the mirror . nick ( v.o. ) how to dress , act , and speak like a gentleman ... he look squarely at himself , and repeat a mantra . young gatsby gatsby . jay gatsby . a pleasure to meet you , sir . gatsby . jay gatsby . gatsby . jay gatsby . dissolve to : ext . cody' yacht - day Young gatsby stand at the bow , as the yacht cut across the clear blue ocean ... he turn to cody and call ... young gatsby she look well , do not she ...!? Old sport . high and wide : the yacht sail toward the golden sun ... 76 . nick ( v.o. ) gatsby hope to inherit cody 's fortune ... but when cody die , gatsby be cheat out of he inheritance by cody 's family ... he would be leave with a ability to play the gentleman , but he be once again dirt poor . slam CUT to : newspaper montage . pile and pile of New York City newspaper swirl rapidly toward camera , and we read they headline : " gatbsy staggering wealth - money ! money ! money ! " nick ( v.o. ) by midsummer gatsby be front page news ... " gatsby buying our CITY ? investment monopoly fuel concern " " jay cash in ! gatsby strike wall STREET gold ! " " gatsby invest in skyscraper ! " " jay pay for everything : partie , galas , park , school ! " " wall street king ? meet jay gatsby ! " a final newspaper cover frame : " where' the money from !? mystery million spark wild rumor " we push toward the paper and dissolve toward : ext . gatsby' castle - night another glitter party . nick ( v.o. ) where do the money come from ? fade in : decadent , grotesque image of drunken reveller ... nick ( v.o. ) that 's what all of New York want to know . and it be the same question on Tom 's mind when he accompany Daisy to one of gatsby 's glitter party ... 77 . discover : gatsby lead Tom , Daisy and Nick to the top of the terrace stair . ext . gatsby' castle - terrace / dance floor - night gatsby we have get a great band here . have a look around ... Excuse I ... he turn briefly to talk to Senator gulick ... tom ( mutter to Daisy ) a lot of this newly rich people be just filthy bootlegger . daisy not gatsby . he 's a businessman . tom ( snort ) hah ! a businessman ... daisy he own a lot of drug store . gatsby gracefully introduce Senator gulick to the group ... gatsby May I introduce Senator gulick ? this be Mr. carraway and Mrs. Buchanan ... daisy delighted ... gatsby and Mr. Buchanan ... ( a moment 's hesitation ) the polo player . tom ( objecting quickly ) oh no . not I . senator gulick ( shaking hand , nod ) always a pleasure to meet a Buchanan . gatsby bid the Senator farewell , while Tom glower to Daisy : 78 . tom I would rather not be the polo player . daisy oh Tom ... you should be proud of you achievement . gatsby interject -- gatsby ( to the group ) May I show you around ? he guide they down the stair ... gatsby ( cont 'd ) you must see the face of a lot of people you have hear of . daisy absolutely ! tom ( scoff ) we do not go around very much . I do not think I recognize a single person ... gatsby perhaps you know that lady there ? gatsby indicate a lovely , orchid of a woman : marlene moon , the silent film star . daisy ( take gatsby 's arm ) its marlene Moon ... I adore she picture ... as gatsby lead Daisy , we catch Tom repeat to Nick ... tom I would really rather not be the polo player ... dissolve to : ext . gatsby' castle - garden table - night Tom , Daisy , Nick and gatsby sit a elaborately conceive dinner table , watch the band ... 79 . daisy ( to nick ) this thing excite I so ... gatsby turn to Tom ... gatsby I believe we have meet somewhere before , Mr. Buchanan . about a month ago . tom that 's right ... and you be with Nick here . at the barbershop ... gatsby that 's right . see ... I know you wife . tom be that so ? gatsby yes . as the number subside , and the crowd applaud , herzog appear and address gatsby with whisper intensity . herzog Mr. gatsby sir . Mr. slagle be here ... herzog indicate slagle , a dark - suite man who stand on the distant terrace with three sinister - look ' associate ' . gatsby , so besotted with Daisy that he cannot take he eye off she , whisper fiercely ... gatsby not now . herzog silently recede ... a romantic foxtrot strike up - trimalchio introduce ... trimalchio and now ...! dice , brass knuckle and guitar , with : the foxtrot ! gatsby turn to Tom , and gesture to Daisy ... gatsby Mr. Buchanan , would you mind , terribly ? 80 . Tom do indeed look like he mind , but a group of scantily clad girl who cavort gracelessly on the other side of the garden momentarily catch he eye . tom of course not ; I think I can keep myself amused . as Daisy take gatsby 's arm , she tuck a slim gold pencil into Tom 's breast pocket and murmur ... daisy in case you need to take down any address ... as Tom fume , gatsby lead Daisy out onto the dance floor . push close on : Tom , grow increasingly suspicious ... dissolve to : ext . gatsby' castle - dance floor - night as Daisy and gatsby dance , Daisy murmur thrillingly . daisy be all this make entirely from you own imagination ? gatsby no ... you see you be there all along , in every idea , in every decision ... of course , if anything be not to you like , we can change it ... daisy it 's perfect . from you perfect , irresistible imagination ... ext . gatsby' castle - terrace - night Tom and Nick watch gatsby and Daisy dance . Tom look around , perplex by a distant think . tom I wonder where the devil he meet Daisy ...? he notice marlene Moon seductively , secretly watch he ... 81 . tom ( cont 'd ) ( to nick ) I will find you ... he leave Nick alone . and Nick watch as gatsby simultaneously lead Daisy from the dance floor ... ext . nick's bungalow - magic tree - night Daisy run ahead , playfully hurry past the low-hanging branch of the massive tree . she disappear inside ... gatsby follow , but upon enter the secluded , starlit world see no sign of Daisy . then , from out of the shadow , the sparkle of jewel ... gatsby turn , and Daisy 's lip suddenly find he . a long , still kiss ... ext . gatsby' castle - bar - night Nick be keep watch , gaze down to he yard and the tree . when Tom suddenly appear ... tom have you see my wife ...? startle , Nick turn ... nick ( lie ) ah ... no ... not for awhile . tom that 's funny . the Senator say he see she down here . Tom follow Nick 's gaze down toward the tree ... ext . nick's bungalow - magic tree - night gatsby and Daisy continue they passionate kissing ... after a moment , Daisy whisper . daisy I ... I wish we could just run away . 82. gatbsy be startle . gatsby run away ? darling , no . Daisy , that ... that would not be ... respectable . ext . gatsby' castle - bar - night Tom be still look to the tree . tom ( quizzically ) you live near here Nick ...? Nick , a overwhelming sense of guilt , indicate vaguely in the direction of the tree . nick just next door . tom that so ...? ext . nick's bungalow - magic tree - night gatsby continue ... gatsby we be go to live here , in this house , together . you and I ... Daisy ... it 's time for you to tell Tom . ext . gatbsy castle - bar - night close on : Nick , a moment of extreme tension as he fear Tom will investigate further . suddenly ! they attention be draw to a commotion on the terrace . glass smash , a woman scream , and through the crowd , we see slagle and associate cause a disturbance . tom ( pure disdain ) what a circus ... well , if you see she , I will be look for she . you tell she . 83. ext . nick's bungalow - magic tree - night the hide lover speak in intense , hushed tone . daisy remember how much fun we use to have ? why can not we just have fun like that again ? gatsby , frustrated , be about to speak ... but Nick suddenly appear out of the shadow ... gatsby and Daisy break off , startle ... daisy ( cont 'd ) oh hello nicky ; we be have a row . nick what about ? Daisy glide toward he ... daisy about thing ... about the future ... ( try to be funny ) the future of the color empire . nick well , its Tom . he 's wander around the party look for you . Daisy flash gatsby a over - the-shoulder glance ; when , suddenly , herzog appear and murmur ... herzog Sir ; it 's Mr. slagle ; he 's quite ... emotional . a tiny , ruffle , moment ; then gatsby elegantly guide Daisy toward Nick . gatsby Excuse I . Nick , would you mind ? as gatsby follow herzog back toward the castle .... close on : daisy . dissolve to : 84 . ext . gatsby' castle - dance floor - later Nick and Daisy return to a party that have become grotesque ; drunken girl haphazardly bang drum ... nick ( v.o. ) gatsby disappear to deal with a dispute of some sort . Daisy wait ... close on : Daisy , deject ... nick but gatsby be unable to return . as Daisy and Nick cross the tatter , streamer - litter dance - floor crane high and fade into : the library window ... int . gatsby' castle - library - continuous gatsby sit , solemn in a armchair ; with quiet unease write in shadow across he face . reveal : the ominous silhouette of wolfsheim , pace between gatsby and the window ; herzog stand watch ... we catch only a fragment of the conversation . wolfsheim when this hot head type appear , I rely on you ... but you be not available .. a scene be make ... what 's go on with you jay ? dissolve to : ext . gatsby' castle - front gate - night high shot : a sleek black limo wind quietly towards the gate . crane down to discover : Daisy 's face through the limo window ; she forlorn eye search for gatsby behind castle wall ... tom where be you ? daisy with nicky . Mr. gatsby be show we the grounds . 85 . tom well , he certainly must have strain himself to get that menagerie together ... daisy Pov : ignoring Tom , she look back to the dark castle . tom ( o.c. ) ( cont 'd ) I would like to know who he be and what he do . and I think I will make a point of find out . as the limo pass through the gate and disappear , slagle and associate be violently eject by gatsby 's " guard . " close on : atop gatsby 's gate , gatsby' coat of arm read : " ad finem fidelis " ( " faithful to the end " ) . dissolve to : ext . gatsby' castle - pool - night it be late . agitate and intense , gatsby pace by the pool , stare out to the green light pulsing across the bay ... Nick descend the stair , drunk . nick well there you be ...! Daisy just leave ... but she ask I to tell you . she have a wonderful time ... gatsby be not amused . gatsby she do not like it . nick of course she do . gatsby no , she do not like it . she do not have a good time . I feel so far away from she now . it 's hard to make she understand . nick you mean about the party ? gatsby the party !? I could not care less about the party ! you see ... ( shocking intensity ) ( more ) 86 . gatsby ( cont 'd ) she have to tell Tom that she never love he . nick what ...? gatsby yes . then we can go back to louisville , to she parent ' house - she parent be lovely people old sport - we will be marry there ... you see , Daisy and I be go to and start over , just as if it be five year ago . nick I would not ask too much of she ... gatsby ask too much ? nick no . gatsby grow suddenly , strangely emotional . he turn he back to Nick to compose himself . gatsby I beg you pardon old sport . its just .. its so sad because its so hard to make she understand , and -- nick jay ... you can not repeat the past . gatsby wheel around ... gatsby can not repeat the past ? nick no . gatsby why of course you can . of course you can . you will see . I be go to fix thing just the way there be before . everything 's be so ... so confuse since then ... gatsby look out to the green light . 87 . nick ( v.o. ) he talk a lot about the past ... as if he want to recover something ... gatsby if I could just get back to the start ... if I could just get back to the start I could find it again . nick ( v.o. ) some vision of himself that he have put into loving Daisy ... in the cloud , among the star , the image of daisy house in louisville appear , as if freeze in time ... dissolve to : I /e. daisy house - louisville - night push toward : a wide veranda , strung with banner in support of the american war effort , and beyond into a parlour ; pretty Southern girl and fresh - face soldier , dance , clap ... nick ( v.o. ) five year ago gatsby find himself at Daisy 's house by colossal accident . amidst the many reveller , discover : Daisy , hurry through the crowd . gatsby ( by the pool ) I go to she house first with some of the other officer from Camp Taylor ... I would never be in such a beautiful house before ... Daisy rush up the step , and look back ... at the bottom of the step , smile up , be : the object of her affection , Young gatsby in officer 's uniform . nick ( v.o. ) but he uniform he the truth . that he be a penniless young man with only that grand vision of himself . Daisy 's mother stop she on the step . 88. daisy mom Daisy , do not scamper . ( whisper ) there 's so many dash young officer here , and from such illustrious family 's ... close on : gatbsy , watch Daisy ... gatsby ( by the pool ) I always know that I could climb ... but I could only climb if I climb alone . against he better judgement he follow Daisy up ... int . daisy house - conservatory / atrium - night check to make sure no one have see , Daisy slip quietly through a set of door , into the conservatory ... gatsby be not far behind ... a secret rendezvous . ext . gatsby' castle - pool - night gatsby I know that , that when I kiss this girl , I would ... be forever wed to she ... int . daisy house - conservatory / atrium - night Daisy throw herself in to gatsby 's arm ... about to kiss , gatsby be strike by a sudden instinctive think ... ext . gatsby' castle - pool - night gatsby remember ... gatsby so I stop . and I wait ... I wait ... int . daisy house - conservatory / atrium - night gatsby 's eye drift up ... 89 . gatsby ( by the pool ) I wait for a moment longer . he look out the dark , crystal window , beyond the tree ... to a staircase of moonlight , climb up , up , up ... nick ( v.o. ) he know that if he kiss this girl he mind would never again be free to romp like ... the mind of God ... that fall in love would change he destiny ... forever . ext . gatsby' castle - pool - night gatsby and then I just let myself go . int . daisy house - conservatory / atrium - night with sudden resolve gatsby kiss Daisy ... in ravenous embrace , they fall onto the long sofa lounge . nick ( v.o. ) she blossom for he like a flower ... ecu : Daisy , she lip tremble , eye wide , breath quicken .. nick ( v.o. ) and the incarnation be complete . dissolve to : ext . gatsby' castle - pool - night the other layer of imagery in the cloud melt away , leave Nick and gatsby stand by the pool . gatsby I know it be a great mistake for a man like I to fall in love . a great mistake . I be only 32 ... I might still be a great man if I could only forget that I once lose Daisy . but my life , old sport , my life have get to be like this ... he draw a slant line from the lawn to the star . 90 . gatsby ( cont 'd ) it 's get to keep go up . gatsby look to the green light . gatsby ( cont 'd ) she have to go to Tom and tell he she never love he ... I need to give she more time . I just need to give she more time ... he turn to Nick , reassure both of they . gatsby ( cont 'd ) do not worry old sport , do not worry . I can protect she here . good night old sport ... gatsby head for he castle , and turn and call ... gatsby ( cont 'd ) you be wrong about the past , old sport ...! gatsby 's Pov : the green light across the bay . gatsby ( cont 'd ) you be wrong . dissolve to : int . sanitarium - doctor' office - early spring - morning the first day of spring ; out the window , bird chirp . Nick be write and read aloud ... nick ( read ) there have be music from my neighbor 's all summer . in he blue garden , man and girl come and go like moth among the whisperings and the laughter and the star ... he struggle for a more poetic phrasing ... nick ( cont 'd ) laughter ... no ... no ... among the whisperings and the champagne and the star ... ( more ) 91 . nick ( cont 'd ) ( that 's the one ) but after Tom and Daisy visit ... dissolve to : ext . gatsby' castle - front gate - late afternoon gatsby 's castle cut a grave silhouette against a stormy sky . nick ( v.o. ) there be no more party ... his light flicker and go out . nick ( v.o. ) gatsby 's light go out one by one . at the gate flashbulb flash ! horde of press have gather . nick ( v.o. ) Daisy visit discreetly . but ... as the gate creak open , Daisy 's limo slide up the drive ... fade in newspaper headline : " party palace goe dark ! " nick ( v.o. ) the very same fame that have once be a source of satisfaction to jay gatsby , become ... a threat . as the reporter crowd the limo , shouting question ... dissolve to : int . gatsby' castle - befroom - night lock away deep in the castle , gatsby and Daisy make love . fade in newspaper headline : " who be the mystery woman ? " dissolve to : ext . gatsby' castle - wharf - dusk at the end of the wharf , gatsby and Daisy look out across the bay , watch as the sun slide into the horizon , and the green light pulse ... close on : Daisy . she lean to gatsby and whisper ... 92 . daisy I do not want to go home . gatsby hold she tighter . gatsby then do not . dissolve to : int . gatsby' castle - ballroom - late afternoon Long shaft of light cut through the high , empty window ... wide shot : a old european woman cross the ballroom , tea tray in hand . the room be line with thuggish , dark - suite man . we hear a phone conversation between Nick and gatsby ... gatsby ( o.s. ) I have be meaning to call you up . I be sorry , I have be ... so busy . nick ( o.s. ) be everything alright ? int . gatsby' castle - maproom - late afternoon a unshaven gatsby in trousers and a black silk robe sit in a large arm -chair , under a vast wall of magnificent painting . he hunch over the phone ... gatsby yes ... Daisy and I be very much in love . nick ( o.s. ) I hear you fire all you servant ? gatsby Daisy come over sometimes in the afternoon and I want some people who would not gossip ... until we decide what we be go to do ... you see this two town be pretty close together . and it get in the papers ... you understand ? ( clarify ) they be some people wolfsheim want to do something for . 93. herzog stand in the shadow ; and the old european woman pour coffee and then recede ... gatsby ( cont 'd ) what 's the difference as long as they can cook and make bed ...? int . probity trust - nick's office - late afternoon Nick hold the phone close to he ear , try to hear gatsby above the din around he ; he work be pile high ... int . gatsby' castle - maproom - late afternoon gatsby whisper into the phone ... gatsby ( excite ) Nick ... Daisy 's ready . shes ready . but there 's just one thing . she 's request that you and miss Baker be there , at lunch tomorrow , at she house ... will you come , old sport ? ( a admission ) Daisy need you . I ... we need you . will you come old sport ? int . probity trust - nick's office - late afternoon push in on : Nick . a decision loom ... dissolve to : ext . buchanan mansion - day wide shot : the impose Buchanan mansion bake in the sun ... dissolve to : int . buchanan mansion - dine room - day close on : Tom lighting a fat Cuban from a chrome lighter . tom you know , I read somewhere that the sun 's get hotter every year ... Blue cigar smoke waft over the clear of plate ... 94 . tom ( cont 'd ) or wait a minute ; it 's the opposite ... Tom stand and stroll to the open french window ... tom ( cont 'd ) the sun be get colder every year ... Daisy grip a wine glass in she tremble hand ; she eye be terrify , perspiration form on she upper lip . she glance to gatsby , who stare resolutely from across the table . close on : a perspire Nick . he glance from Daisy to gatsby . the tension be excruciate . out the window Tom catch sight of a sailboat across the bay . tom ( cont 'd ) how I would like to be out on that bay today . close on : gatsby . he look up . Beyond the sailboat , he can see the outline of he castle . gatsby I be right across from you . ( point ) right there . tom ( unimpressed ) so you be . gatsby slowly stand and walk behind Daisy . gatsby every night I can see that light at the end of you dock , blink . tom what light ? gatsby gently move he hand over Daisy 's ... gatsby you see , Mr. Buchanan , I want to be close -- Daisy and I -- with sudden intensity Daisy stand ! 95 . daisy ( on the verge of tear ) it 's so hot ... agitate , she sweep toward the sideboard . daisy ( cont 'd ) everything 's so confuse . she pluck a cigarette from a carve box , and fumble with the paperweight-size lighter . daisy ( cont 'd ) what will we do with ourselves this afternoon ...? and the day after that ... ( she snap it again ) ... and for the next thirty year ? ( turn suddenly ) let 's all go to town ! who want to go to town ? her nervous hand drop the lighter , which crash to the mahogany floor . all but Tom recoil in shock . tom town !? woman ... they get this notion ... gatsby walk to Daisy ... as Tom puff , gatsby retrieve the lighter in one hand , and with he other gently guide Daisy 's tremble hand ... in that moment , they eye tenderly meet ... gatsby ( whisper ) Daisy ... daisy ( as if they be alone ) you look so cool . you always look so cool , like the advertisement of the man ... in Times Square ... close on : Tom , he jaw tightening . daisy ( cont 'd ) the man in the cool , beautiful , shirt . camera float toward tom ... he violently snuff he cigar . nick ( v.o. ) she have tell gatsby that she love he - and Tom have see ... 96 . suddenly Tom explode ! tom let 's go to town ! I be perfectly willing ...! that 's a marvelous idea ! henri ! have the car bring around immediately ! daisy just like that ? can not anyone at least have a cigarette ? tom we have smoke all through lunch . daisy oh , let 's have fun . it 's too hot to fuss . tom it be you great idea Daisy . why do not we !? we will all go to town ! Daisy do not budge . daisy I have change my mind ... ( tease ) you brute . tom ( a dangerous intensity ) you have get I all excited , and now you do not want to go ? we will get a great big room at the Plaza , a cold bucket of ice , and some whiskey ... it will be fun . daisy Fine . have it you own way , Tom ... come on , Jordan . as she and Jordan rush past Tom , down the hall , Tom turn calmly to gatsby . tom will you join we , Mr. gatsby ? then turn and call to henri ... 97 . tom ( cont 'd ) henri ! get some whiskey ! two bottle , wrap in a towel . CUT to : ext . buchanan mansion - day close on : shoe shifting on gravel . gatsby and Nick stand uncomfortably on the drive , wait for Tom and the woman . bang ! Tom storm out wrapping a quart bottle in a towel . Daisy and Jordan follow . tom Mr. gatsby ! would you be good enough to take my coupé ? and I will drive everyone else in you circus wagon . gatsby I do not think there 's much gas , old sport . gatsby look to Daisy , a burn stare . tom ( look at the gauge ) plenty of gas . and if we run out , then we will stop at a drug store . I hear you can buy anything at a drug store nowadays ... ( savagely eye gatsby ) be not that right , Mr. gatsby ? a moment of sharp tension ; Daisy wrench from Tom 's arm . daisy you take Nick and Jordan , Tom ! she slip quickly into the coupé ... daisy ( cont 'd ) we will meet you at the Plaza ! I will be the man on the corner smoking two cigarettes ... gatsby 's and Tom 's eye flash ; a harsh , competitive glance . Tom lunge into the duesenberg , slam the gear and lurch away , leave gatsby , Daisy , and the coupé in the dust . 98 . I /e. gatsby' car - long island countryside - day Tom throttles forward , watch Jordan and Nick ... tom you think I be pretty dumb , do not you ? but I have a -- a almost second sight , sometimes , that tell I what to do . and I have make a small investigation of this fellow . jordan ( condescending ) and you find he be a Oxford man ? tom Oxford , New Mexico ! he wear a pink suit for Christ 's sake ! with that , Tom shift gear and the duesenberg rocket on ! dissolve to : ext . the valley of ash - day high and wide : the duesenberg tear into the Valley ... jordan ( o.c. ) ( mocking ) we be almost out of gas Tom ... ext . the valley of ash - wilson be garage - day scrreeech ! Tom slam the break and the duesenberg slide to a stop at Wilson 's ... Wilson do not budge . he 's stare with sickly eye at the giant billboard of Dr. T. J. eckleberg . tom Wilson ! Wilson ! what be you wait for !? let 's have some gas ... ( get out ) do I have to do it myself ? wilson I be sick . I be all run down . I need money bad ... my wife and I want to go West . 99 . tom you wife do ...? Tom glance up to the window above the garage . myrtle 's face , badly bruise , stare back . Tom clock this , and hesitates ... nick ( v.o. ) Tom be feel the hot whip of panic . his mistress and wife , a hour ago so secure , be both slip from he control ... wilson I just get wise - up to something funny the last two day . she 's goin ' whether she want to or not . Tom be not listen ... he see the coupe approach at high - speed , threaten to leave he in the dust ! tom what do I owe you !? wilson dollar twenty . the blue coupé flash by . Tom glance back to myrtle ... and then jump into the duesenberg . tom you can have the car ! I will send it around tomorrow ! he throw coin into the dirt for Wilson to collect . then he floor the gas and peel out after the coupé ! I /e. gatsby' car / tom' coupé - day vrrroomm ! the car roar neck - and - neck , veer , swerving and skid perilously close . as Tom and gatsby shoot dangerous glance at one another , Daisy wave carefree back to Tom .... pan up : the car tear over the queensboro Bridge , toward the glimmer , golden city ... slam CUT to : 100 . int . plaza HOTEL . suite - day crack ! crack ! crack ! shard of ice spilt off from a hunk as a bell - boy make ice-cube ... tom that 's enough ... the room be large and stifling hot , it have be fill with huge ice bucket in a attempt to cool it . gatsby , Tom , Nick , Daisy and Jordan be bath in a thin sheen of perspiration . daisy open another window . nick there be not any more . daisy then telephone for a axe ... tom forget about the heat . you make it worse by crabbing about it . gatsby why not let she alone , old sport ? tom that 's a great expression of yours , be not it ? gatsby what be ? Tom turn to gatsby ... tom ' Old sport ' . where would you pick it up ? daisy now see here , Tom ; if you be go to make personal remark I will not stay here one minute . gatsby 's foot beat a restless tattoo ; Tom eye he suddenly . tom Mr. gatsby , I understand you be a Oxford man . gatsby no , not exactly . 101 . tom oh yes , I understand you go to Oxford . gatsby yes - I go there . Tom 's laugh be incredulous and insulting . tom sure ; the man in the pink suit go to Oxford ! daisy Tom ...! gatsby stand . gatsby ( slow , intense ) I tell you I go there . tom I hear you , but I would like to know when . gatsby you would like to know when ....? it be in nineteen - nineteen , I only stay five month . that 's why I can not exactly call myself a Oxford man . Tom glance around to see if the other mirror he disbelief . but they be all look at gatsby . gatsby ( cont 'd ) you see , it be a opportunity they give to some of the officer who actually fight in the war . Nick can not help but smile . nick ( v.o. ) I want to get up and slap gatsby on the back . daisy I will make you a drink Tom , then you will not seem so stupid to yourself ... but Tom 's not do yet . 102 . tom wait a minute , I want to ask Mr. gatsby one more question . gatsby go on . please Mr. Buchanan , go on . tom what kind of a row be you try to cause in my house anyhow ? they be out in the open at last and gatsby be content . daisy he be not cause a row ; you be cause a row . please have a little self - control ! tom self-control ! I suppose the latest thing be to sit back and let Mr. nobody from nowhere make love to you wife ? well , if that 's the idea you can count I out ... see , nowadays people begin by sneering at family life and family institution and next you know they will throw everything overboard and we will have intermarriage between black and white ! jordan we be all white here , Tom . gatsby you wife do not love you . she 's never love you . she love I ! tom you must be crazy . gatsby no , old sport . see , she never love you ... she only marry you because I be poor and she be tired of wait . it be a terrible , terrible mistake , but in she heart she never love anyone but I ! jordan we should go ... gatsby Daisy and I have nothing to hide ... 103 . daisy jay let 's go , please ...! tom sit down Daisy ! gatsby ( reassuring ) yes , Daisy , please sit down . Tom 's voice grope unsuccessfully for the paternal note . tom what 's be go on ? I want to hear all about it . gatsby I just tell you what 's be go on ; its be go on for five year ...! Tom turn to Daisy sharply . tom you have be see he for five year ? gatsby not see . no , we could not ; but both of we love each other all that time , old sport , and you do not know . I use to laugh sometimes , to think that you do not know ... tom oh - that 's all ; you be crazy ! I can not speak about what happen five year ago , because I do not know Daisy then - but I will be damned if I see how you get within a mile of she unless you bring the grocery to the back door . but all the rest of that 's a god- damned lie . Daisy love I when she marry I and she love I now . Tom start to make himself a drink ... gatsby no ... 104 . tom she do , though ... and what 's more , I love Daisy too . once in a while I go off on a spree , but I always come back , and in my heart I love she all the time ... daisy you be revolting ... Daisy 's voice drop a octave lower , fill the room with thrill scorn ... daisy ( cont 'd ) do you know why we leave Chicago ...? I be surprised they do not treat you to the story of that little spree . gatsby walk over and stand beside Daisy . gatsby that 's all over now . just tell he the truth , that you never love he ; and all this ... all this pain will be wipe out forever . Daisy look at gatsby blindly . daisy why , how could I love he , possibly ? gatsby you never love he . Daisy hesitates ; too late , she realize what she be do . daisy I never love he . gatsby that 's right ... tom not at kapiolani ? daisy no . tom ( a husky tenderness ) not that day I carry you down from the punch bowl to keep you shoe dry ...? Daisy ? never ? 105 . daisy please do not . tom Daisy ... her voice be cold , but the anger be go . daisy there , jay . she tremble as she look to gatsby ... daisy ( cont 'd ) you want too much ! I love you now ; be not that enough ? I can not help what 's past . ( begin to sob ) I do love he once ; but I love you too . gatsby ( shocked , uncomprehend ) you love I too ? tom ( savage ) even that 's a lie . she do not know you be alive . there be thing between Daisy and I that you ' will never know , thing that neither of we can ever forget . the word seem to bite physically into gatsby . gatsby I want to speak to Daisy alone . she 's all excited now ... daisy even alone I can not say I never love Tom . it would not be true . tom of course it would not . Daisy turn to she husband . daisy as if it matter to you . 106 . tom of course it matter . I be go to take better care of you from now on . gatsby you be not take care of she any more ! Daisy 's leave you . tom nonsense . daisy ( with visible effort ) I be , though . tom she 's not leave I ; and certainly not for a common swindler ! Tom 's word suddenly lean down over gatsby . tom ( cont 'd ) Mr. gatsby , who exactly be you anyhow ? you see , I have make a small investigation into you affair ... you be one of meyer wolfsheim 's bunch . Tom turn to the other and speak rapidly . tom ( cont 'd ) see , he and this wolfsheim buy up a lot of ' drug store ' and sell bootlegge alcohol over the counter ! gatsby what about it , old sport ? tom do not call I `old sport ! ' this drug store business be just small change compare to the bond stunt you and wolfsheim have get go on now . gatsby well you friend walter chase be not too proud to come in on it . 107 . tom I have be give that some think . how do a reputable banker like walter chase find himself up to he eyeball in debt to a little kike like wolfsheim ? gatsby it 's call `greed , ' old sport . tom that 's right ; you have get half of Wall Street out there swilling you free booze at that fun park every weekend ... ( to nick ) I be surprised he have not try to drag you in ... Nick look away sharply . Tom register this . tom ( cont 'd ) my God , he have ... gatsby he 's get nothing to do with -- tom with you little racket ... ( to daisy ) Daisy ... can not you see who this guy be ? with he house and he party and he fancy clothes ; he 's just a front for wolfsheim , a gangster , to get he claw into respectable folk like walter ...! gatsby ( a vicious sneer ) the only respectable thing about you , old sport , be you money , that 's it , and now I have just as much as you ; so that mean we be equal !! Tom smile with smug , condescending scorn . tom oh no , no , we be different ; I be , ( gesture at Nick and jordan ) they be ... ( now at Daisy ) she be ; ( more ) 108 . tom ( cont 'd ) we be all different from you - we be bear different , it 's in we blood , and nothing you do , or say , or steal or dream up , can ever change that ... and a girl like Daisy will never ...! gatsby explode with terrifying rage . gatsby shut up ! shut up ! shuttt up !!!! shock jolt the room . we float toward gatsby . his rage - fill eye stare into the void , as , with all he willpower , he restrain himself from rip Tom apart ... nick ( v.o ) gatsby look , in that moment ... as if he have " kill a man . " Tom snort a dismissive laugh . tom that 's right Mr. gatsby , show we that fine Oxford manners ... gatsby recover and turn to diasy , who be tremble in the corner , on the verge of tear . daisy my sincerest apology . I ... I seem to have lose my temper . struggle for self control , gatsby turn toward she as if Tom suddenly no longer exist . gatsby Daisy darling ... none of this have any consequence . do not listen to he Daisy . Daisy blanch ; gatsby , now desperate , babbles incoherently . gatsby ( cont 'd ) we be go back to louisville to be marry . then we be go to live together in we house ; it 's -- there be a feel of excruciate unease in the room . close on : Nick . 109 . nick ( v.o. ) he begin talk excitedly , deny everything ... but with every word Daisy be draw further and further into herself , until only the dead dream fight on ... daisy please Tom ; I can not stand this anymore ! Daisy be stare , terrify , courage go ; she look to Tom . tom you two start on home ... ( to gatsby ) in Mr. gatsby 's car . Daisy be alarmed now . tom ( cont 'd ) go on . he will not annoy you . I think he realize that he little flirtation ... be over . Daisy , hysterical , run from the room ; gatsby pursue she . gatsby Daisy ...! Daisy and gatsby be go . a terrible silence fill the room . Tom begin wrapping the unopen whiskey bottle in the towel . tom want any of this ? Jordan ? Nick ? Nick ? nick what ? tom want any ? nick no ... I just remember - today 's my birthday . I be thirty . Tom mutter as he pour himself a drink ... tom happy birthday ... Nick be stare out the window , lose in think ... 110 . nick ( v.o. ) thirty - the promise of a decade of loneliness ... nick's Pov : to the set sun and the queensboro Bridge ... nick ( v.o. ) the formidable stroke of thirty die away , as gatsby and Daisy drive on through the cool twilight , towards death ... dissolve to : int . wilson's bedroom - twilight myrtle fly past camera as Wilson drag she across the room ! wilson God know everything you have be do ! grabbing he wife 's hair he press she face to the window . wilson ( cont 'd ) you might fool I but you can not fool God ! over wilson's shoulder , we see with shock , that he be look at the eye of Doctor T. J. eckleberg . wilson ( cont 'd ) God see everything ! below the eckleberg sign a train thunder through the level crossing . the final carriage clear to reveal gatsby 's yellow car wait on the other side of the crossing . close on : myrtle see the yellow car ; a desperate whisper . myrtle ( think its Tom ) he 's here ... whack ! myrtle give a sudden backhand to Wilson 's face as she twist from he grasp ! CUT to : 111 . ext . wilson be garage - twilight stand outside he restaurant , the owner , michaelis see myrtle rush out of the garage shouting hysterically . myrtle stop , Tom , please , stop ! I /e. gatsby' car - continuous suddenly ! myrtle appear in the headlight of gatsby 's car ... ecu : the sleeve of the pink suit and the ' Daisy ' signet ring , as gatsby 's hand on the wheel try to veer away ...! gatsby no ...! but the car strike myrtle ! slow motion , terrible , nightmarish , expressionistic image : Glass shatter , blood splattering , Daisy scream , myrtle 's body fly through the air , she pearl shower the night like a thousand new star ... thump . her tear open body hit the ground . close on : the giant billboard , the tower eye of Dr. t.j. eckleberg , watch everything ... dissolve through the white of the eye to : int . tom' coupé - night close on : the coupe 's blind headlight . as the coupé near , Nick , Tom and Jordan see the commotion . tom wreck ...! good. Wilson will have a little business at last ... let 's take a look .. jordan must we ? tom just a look . 112 . int . wilson be garage - night the dim garage be light only by a swinging yellow globe . Wilson stand on the raise threshold of he office , sway and wail a high , horrible call . wilson o , my ga-od ! o , my ga-od ! a crush of gawk spectator speak in hushed tone . CUT to : Tom push through the crowd . close on : he stop , and make a harsh sound ... myrtle's body , wrap in a blanket , lie on a work table . Tom bend over it , shocked , motionless . CUT to : Nick , watch Tom 's reaction . a policeman stand next to Tom take down name . policeman ( to tom ) sir. Sir , I be gonna have to ask you to step away -- tom get off I ...! ( regains he composure ) I be fine . I be fine . policeman you know she ? tom ( a long pause ) no ... not really ... policeman well then I have to ask you to step back . tom what happen ...? policeman she run out `inna road . son-of-a- bitch do not even stopus car . a well - dress African american man step near . 113. well -dress man I see it ! it be a yellow car ; big yellow car . CUT to : Tom ; a slow realization . push in : on Nick ; a disbely horror . the Greek restaurant owner michaelis pipe up . michaelis yeah , a big yellow duezy ; custom job . some of this conversation have reach Wilson ; suddenly sighting Tom , he move toward he with a cry ... wilson you do not have to tell I what kind of car it be ! I know what kind of car it be ! Tom , realize the danger , move quickly and seize Wilson . tom ( a soothing gruffness ) pull yourself together ... Wilson , distraught , almost collapse , but Tom hold he upright and push he into : int . wilson be office - continuous Tom set Wilson down and whisper intensely . tom listen , I just get here from New York . I be bring you the coupé . that yellow car be not mine , do you hear ? I have not see it all afternoon . the policeman follow and turn suspiciously to Tom . policeman what color 's you car ? tom Blue , a coupé ; we have come straight from New York . michaelis yeah , they just stop ... 114 . the policeman accept , suspicious still ... policeman alright ... Blue . in the relative calm of the office , Wilson 's cloud , desperate eye look up at Tom . wilson who own the yella ' car ...? tom ( a tiny pause ) fella name gatsby ; he 's a crook , George . give that party the papers be always talk about ... wilson maybe he be the one foolin' with myrtle ; maybe that 's why he kill she ...? tom yeah . maybe . guy like that , who know ... Wilson start sobbing again . wilson oh , ga-od ! oh , my ga-od ! he rest he head on Tom 's shoulder ... Tom console Wilson and then whisper ... tom gatsby . something outta be do about a fella like that . he will pay ... oh , he will pay ... dissolve to : int . tom' coupé - night close on : Tom drive . he sob ... tom the goddamn coward do not even stop he car ... Jordan and Nick sit silently beside Tom ; he turn to they , triumphantly accuse ... 115 . tom ( cont 'd ) you gonna defend he now , huh ? dissolve to : ext . buchanan mansion - night the coupe drift slowly up the drive . ext . buchanan mansion - night as they walk up the stone staircase , Tom dispose of the situation in a few brisk phrase . tom I will telephone for a taxi , Nick . come in and have some supper while you wait ... Tom open the door . nick no thanks . I will wait outside . Tom stare at Nick , absorb he disdain . tom what be the matter with you ? Tom snort and go in ; Jordan put she hand on Nick 's arm . jordan wo not you come in , Nick ? nick no ... thanks . jordan it 's only half past nine ... nick no . I think I have have enough ... of everyone . close on : Jordan ; she give Nick a long , hurt look ... but Nick stare decisively back ; after a moment he turn sharply and walk off . dejected , Jordan sweep inside ... 116 . ext . buchanan mansion - night as Nick 's foot crunch upon the white gravel of the drive , he be startle by a voice from the shadow ... gatsby hello old sport ... cautiously , Nick approach the hedge . the closer he get the more certain he become : gatsby be hide , just below Daisy 's window . his pace quicken . nick what be you do !? gatsby just sit here ... nick yes , I can see that . gatsby do you see any trouble out on the road ? nick trouble !? that woman you run down be dead jay ! gatsby I think so ... I tell Daisy I thought so -- nick Daisy ? do you hear yourself -- gatsby its better that the shock should come all at once -- nick what 's wrong with you !? how could you !? gatsby please ... keep you voice down , old sport . nick Tom be right ! you be nothing but a goddamn coward ! 117 . gatsby ( threatening ) keep you voice down ... there . be . no. Point . in. stop . nick no point !? gatsby it , it kill she instantly . I - - nick yes , I be there . I see ! it rip she open ! panicked , gatsby grab Nick , try to explain ... gatsby I understand -- it be ... my fault . this woman just rush out , as if she want to speak to we ... it all happen so quickly . she -- I ... try -- to turn the wheel . nick she ? suddenly ! the creak of a door open . a shaft of light ... henri emerge . a interminable moment . gatsby and Nick hold they breath . finally , henri go back in . close on : Nick , a realization . nick ( cont 'd ) it be Daisy ? finally , and very slowly , gatsby admit . gatsby you see , after we leave New York , she be very nervous . she think drive would steady she . but this woman , she just rush out at we . CUT to : we replay the violent accident , this time fully revealing that it be Daisy behind the wheel ... gatsby ( cont 'd ) it all happen so quickly . it be not she fault ... ( more ) 118. gatsby ( cont 'd ) it be my fault . I should have take the wheel ... ( intense ) no one must know . promise I . no one . promise I . nick jay -- you should not be here . you should get out of here . gatsby gaze back to the house ... gatsby no. no. no. I be go to wait . I will wait all night if necessary . you see , Daisy 's lock herself in she room , and she 's go to turn she light off and on again if he try to bother she about that unpleasantness this afternoon . if he try any brutality whatsoever -- nick Tom will not touch she . he 's not even think about she ... gatsby oh , I do not trust he , old sport . I do not trust he . Nick consider the light at the end of the terrace . nick alright . alright ... you wait here . I will see if there 's any commotion . gatsby would you do that for I ? thank you . thank you , old sport . ext . buchanan mansion - terrace - night Nick skirt the terrace ... rounding the corner , Nick , unseen in the shadow , can see Tom and Daisy sit at one end of the vast dining table , a plate of cold chicken and two bottle of ale between they . as Tom speak intently and earnestly at Daisy , he hand fall gently upon hers and she nod tiredly in agreement ... tom its go to be all right ... 119 . then , very slowly , Daisy lay she head on Tom 's shoulder . close on : Nick , shocked ... angry . dissolve to : ext . nick's bungalow - porch - night discover : Nick sit , drink from a bottle of whiskey ... the sound of a car come up gatsby 's drive ... int . gatsby' garage - night close on : gatsby clean blood from the duesenberg 's fender . Nick appear , come across the yard . nick jay ? everything alright ...? exhausted , gatsby turn ... gatsby oh , hello , old sport . yes , yes , everything 's just fine ... about four o'clock she come to the window ; she stand there ... then , well , she turn out the light ... so ... ( beckon to the car ) give I a hand will you old sport ? close on : Nick . nick ( v.o. ) I should have tell he what I have just see . but all I could manage be ... nick jay ... you oughtta go away . he help gatsby cover the car . nick ( cont 'd ) tonight . they will trace you car . gatsby ( as if Nick be crazy ) go away ? I can not leave now . not tonight . 120 . nick do you understand that a woman have be kill --? Nick follow he from the garage toward the house . gatsby Daisy 's go to call in the morning . then we will make plan , to go away together . nick but jay she -- sense Nick 's tone , gatsby cut he off and banish all doubt with intense certainty . gatsby she just need time to think ... ( he continue , calm ) she will call . in the morning . she just need time to think . nick jay -- gatsby she just need to think . she 's go to call in the morning . gatsby smile that smile of endless possibility ... he turn to go in but stop . gatsby ( cont 'd ) wait up with I ? the sun almost up ... nick ( v.o. ) that be the night he finally tell I the truth . all of it . dissolve to : int . gatsby' castle - maproom - night gatsby 's voice echoe through the empty hall of he vast , lonely mansion as he confess ... gatsby you know , I think for awhile I have a lot of thing ... but the truth be ... I be empty . ( more ) 121. gatsby ( cont 'd ) I suppose that 's why I make thing up about myself ... but I `ve want to tell you the whole story for a long time ... you see . I grow up , terribly , terribly poor , old sport . my folk be , well -- as gatbsy continue , Nick 's v.o. fade up : nick ( v.o. ) he reveal he humble beginning , he transformative voyage with Dan cody , the war , Oxford , and how he would join wolfsheim in the business ... dissolve to : ext . gatsby' castle - wharf - pre-dawn in the silvery pre-dawn , Nick and gatsby trail slowly toward the end of the dock . nick ( v.o. ) it be also that night that I become aware of gatsby 's ... extraordinary gift for hope . gatsby ... I can not describe to you how surprised I be to find out that I love she , old sport . and that she love I too . nick ( v.o. ) a gift that I have never find in any other person ... gatsby I never realize just how extraordinary a nice girl could be . nick ( v.o. ) and which it be not likely I shall ever find again . gatsby I think out my life with Daisy in it , try to figure out how we could marry and struggle along on so many dollar a month ... finally , Nick be able to ask : 122. nick what be in the letter ? gatsby reach the end of the wharf and look to the green light across the bay ... gatsby the truth , the reason why after the war , I have not be able to return -- in the cloud overhead , the image of daisy , in the bathtub with the dissolving letter ... and now , we can see what gatsby write in that fateful , last letter : " Daisy , the truth be ... I be penniless . " gatsby ( o.c. ) ( cont 'd ) I ask she to wait until I would make something of myself . but -- she be young , there be so much pressure . the image of Daisy fade ... gatsby ( cont 'd ) you see , I feel marry to she ... that be all . nick ( v.o. ) it have all be for she . the house the party , everything . CUT to : int . wilson be garage - day close on : a hand take a revolver from a desk drawer ... it be Wilson . float : toward the window behind he ... we see the stare eye of Doctor T. J. eckleberg . wilson God see everything . ext . gatsby' castle - terrace - morning Nick and gatsby be finish breakfast . herzog Mr. gatsby sir , excuse I , Chicago call sir . 123. gatsby now now . keep it open . for a personal call ... herzog a personal call ? of course . the gardener come to the foot of the step . gardener I be go to drain the pool today , Mr. gatsby . gatsby not today . it 's so beautiful . ( to nick ) you know , old sport , I have never use that pool all summer ? gatsby enthusiastically head down the stair ... gatsby ( cont 'd ) let 's go for a swim . I will have the phone transfer to the pool ... as gatsby head toward the pool , Nick check he watch ... nick jay , I have get to go . I have to work . gatsby I understand ... well , I will walk you out . gatsby lead Nick toward the side gate . at the gate ... nick I will call you up . gatsby do , old sport , please do . ( a thought ) I suppose Daisy will call too . nick I suppose so ... well ... Goodbye . Nick linger ... then they shake hand and he start away . just before he reach the hedge he turn back and call : 124 . nick ( cont 'd ) they be a rotten crowd ! you be worth the whole damn bunch put together ! first gatsby nod politely , and then he face break into that radiant and understanding smile . nick ( v.o. ) I be always glad I say that ... it be the only compliment I ever pay he . dissolve to : int . probity trust build - nick's office - day close on : Nick , tired , sick -look . nick ( v.o. ) that morning , Wall Street boom , its usual golden roar ... but I be not worth a decent stroke of work . I wait for gatsby to call with news ... ext . gatsby' castle - pool - day gatsby head for the pool , ready to swim ... nick ( v.o. ) while he wait for Daisy ... splash ! gatsby dive gracefully into the pool . we see gatsby from below , body glide through clear water . int . buchanan mansion - daisy bedroom - day close on : a white telephone on a ivory plinth . reveal : Daisy , consider the phone ... ext . gatsby' castle - ground - day a gun dangle from a hand . Wilson 's scarecrow shadow ripple across the lawn . 125 . ext . gatsby' castle - pool - continuous gatsby 's head break the smooth , green surface of the water . suddenly ! brrring !!! the phone ring ... gatsby smile and gaze across toward the green light , toward Daisy . pull focus : atop the monumental stair , Wilson , raise a gun . the crack of a gunshot ! close on : gatsby - a moment of strangle , startle , wonder ... his lip form a final , breathless ... gatsby Daisy ... then he face harden as he slowly fall backwards ... splash ! place he gun in he mouth Wilson pull the trigger . bannngg ! int . probity trust build - nick's office - continuous a silent image of Nick scream into the phone . int . buchanan mansion - daisy bedroom - continuous Daisy 's hand rest on the phone ... she never call . dissolve to : ext . gatsby' castle - pool - day gatsby 's body descend through a cloud of blood ... nick ( v.o. ) after all this year , I remember the rest of that day , and that night and the next day as a endless drill ... look up from the bottom of the pool we see a crowd of stare face and the pop of flashbulb through water ... nick ( v.o. ) ...of police and photographer and tabloid reporter . ( more ) 126 . nick ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the headline be a nightmare ... they pin everything on gatsby . through the water headline fade in : " bootlegger kill mistress ! " nick ( v.o. ) the affair with myrtle ... " hit and run " nick ( v.o. ) the hit and run ... " gatsby guilty of murder ! " nick ( v.o. ) everything . int . gatsby' castle - grand ballroom - day ecu : gatsby 's ghostly face ... nick ( v.o. ) and there be nothing I could say except the one unutterable fact that none of it be true ... pull to reveal : gatsby , immaculately attire , be laid out in a silver coffin and crowded by a crush of policeman , photographer and reporter ... int . buchanan mansion - portico - day top shot : servant carry endless luggage through the hall , down the stair , and out the front door ... brriiing !!! a phone ring off -screen . at the bottom of the stair , discover : Daisy and pammy . daisy ( explain to pammy ) daddy 's take care of he two favorite girl ... brriiing !!! pammy but where be we go ? 127 . daisy just for a little trip . just you , I , and daddy ... brriiing !!! Tom appear beside Daisy . tom ( tenderly ) we should go . brriiing !!! finally , at the top of the stair , henri answer . henri Buchanan residence . int . gatsby' castle - grand ballroom - continuous discover : Nick sit atop the deco stair , telephone in hand . gatsby coffin be directly below ... nick May I speak to Mrs. Buchanan ? it 's Mr. carraway , she cousin ... henri ( o.s. ) Madame be not available . nick well , when you see she , will you tell she , the funeral 's tomorrow ? int . buchanan mansion - portico - continuous henri look down to Tom , who shoot a " we be not here " look . henri I be sorry , but ... they have go away . nick ( o.s. ) go away ...? do you know when they will be back . henri no . 128. int . gatsby' castle - grand ballroom - continuous nick please , I know she would want to be there . if you could just get a message to she -- henri ( o.s. ) I have no further information monsieur . au revoir . int . buchanan mansion - portico - continuous click . henri abruptly hang up . nick ( o.s. ) hello ...? hello !? the Buchanan family exit ... int . gatsby' castle - grand ballroom - continuous as Nick slowly , bitterly hang up the telephone ... nick ( v.o. ) they be careless people , Tom and Daisy . they smashed up thing and people and then retreat back into they money and they vast carelessness ... he look to the throng of press swarm like vulture around gatsby 's casket . seize by fury , he snap and scream as he advance down the stair ! nick get out ! all of you out ! get out ...!!! dissolve to : int . gatsby' castle - grand ballroom - night time have pass . Nick sit on the step slouched against the rail . he look down to gatsby 's still face , sad , alone ... nick ( v.o. ) I ring , I write , I implore ... the camera push slowly down toward gatsby : 129 . nick ( v.o. ) but not a single one of the sparkling hundred who have enjoy he hospitality all summer , attend the funeral ... ecu : gatsby . nick ( v.o. ) and from Daisy , not even a flower . distraught and exhaust , Nick 's eye slowly close ... nick ( v.o. ) I be all he have ; the only one who care ... dissolve to : int . sanitarium - doctor' office - summer - morning Nick be sound asleep on the couch , he typewriter and dozen of type-filled page in front of he . clearly , he have be write all night ... the Doctor enter . he look tenderly to Nick , and pick up a loose page from the floor ... dissolve through the page to : ext . new york CITY - day its winter now . the city be blankete by a unforgive , cold grey sky ... nick ( v.o. ) after gatsby 's death , New York be haunt for I ... discover : Nick , a tumult of anger , grief and despair , wander unshaven through a fifth Avenue crowd ... nick ( v.o. ) that city ... my once golden ... shimmer mirage , now make I sick . dissolve to : 130 . ext . gatsby' castle - front gate - evening drift toward : gatsby 's castle , ghostly in the moonlight . nick ( v.o. ) on my last night in New York ... I return to that huge , incoherent house once more . dissolve to : int . gatsby' castle - night very drunk , Nick trail over break relic of lose grandeur , through room that have be stripped ... nick ( v.o. ) wolfsheim 's ' associate ' have clean the place out ... all around nick : ghostly image from Nick 's memory - from all that glitter party , haunt snatch of music , laughter and conversation , imagery - mixing and fading in and out ... jordan he throw all that party hope she would wander in one night ... nick its like a amusement park ... daisy but how do you live she all alone ? gatsby she make it look so splendid , do not you think , old sport ? daisy Music ! and then we can dance all night ... gatsby will you come old sport ? we ... need you . daisy I wish it could always be like this ... 131 . gatsby it will be ... dissolve to : ext . gatsby' castle - terrace - night Nick wander out as a light rain being to fall . nick ( v.o. ) I remember how we have all come to gatsby 's , and guess at he corruption ... while he have stand before we conceal a incorruptible dream ... a final memory : gatsby and Daisy together on the dance - floor ... Daisy lean in and whisper happily to gatsby ... daisy its perfect ... from you perfect , irresistible imagination . dissolve to : ext . gatsby' castle - wharf - night Nick stumble along the dock ; the rain fall steadily now . nick ( v.o. ) the moon rise higher ... and as I stand there , brood on the old , unknown world , I think of gatsby 's wonder when he first pick out the green light at the end of Daisy 's dock . Nick look to the end of the dock , where he first see gatsby that warm summer night ... nick ( v.o. ) he have come such a long way ... and suddenly , shimmer ghostly through the rain , gatsby 's silhouette can be see once more , gaze out across the bay . nick ( v.o. ) and he dream must have seem so close that he could hardly fail to grasp it . gatsby turn back towards Nick , and smile ... 132 . nick ( v.o. ) he do not know that it be already behind he ... Nick smile back . nick ( v.o. ) gatsby believe in the green light , the orgastic future that year by year , recede before we ... push past gatsby : out over the water , toward the green light eternally pulsing at the end of Daisy 's dock ... nick ( v.o. ) it elude we then , but that 's no matter - tomorrow we will run faster ... gatsby reach out -- nick ( v.o. ) stretch out we arm farther ... and one fine morning ... as we push past gatbsy 's outstretch hand , the open image return : the green light pulsing in the abstract dark ... Nick 's final word appear as type on the screen . nick ( v.o. ) so we beat on , boat against the current , borne back ceaselessly , into the past . dissolve to : int . santitarium - nick be room - summer - day Nick pull a final page from he typewriter , set the page on top of he complete manuscript and we clearly see the title : " gatsby . " Nick consider this and then handwrite : " the great ... " dissolve through the final title - " the great gatsby " - to : the green light . it pulse one last time ... then , fade to black . the end .