the Pursuit of happyness by Steve conrad 4/25/05 revise ist draft ext . venice , california - day ( 1976 ) CHRIS gardner , sit on a park bench with he girlfriend linda near a busy amusement park pier in Venice . Linda be a few month pregnant . Chris wear a navy seaman 's uniform . other sailor wait near a small bus across the street ; one be wave Chris over . the script Venice , California 1976 appear . sailor ( call Chris to the bus ) we have to get back to the ship ! Chris ignore the guy . something heavy 's go on between Linda and Chris . they both seem blue . CHRIS ( to Linda , calmly ) I be almost out . one more year . then I 'il get a good job . and I 'il take care of he . hey . Chris have say '' hey '' to get Linda to face he because she have not be . she do . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) I never have a dad . that 's not go to happen to he . i’1l always take care of he . linda you do not want to be in this kind of thing . CHRIS what kind of thing ? linda kid . not marry . no job . no real job . neither do I she 's sad over the event of she pregnancy . Chris try to cheer she in he calm way . CHRIS I 'il get some good work after the navy . it 's go to be fine . it 's go to be . Chris make a brave face for Linda , but something about he demeanor show he know , because of the pregnancy , that he 's in a hard spot now he never wish to be in . ext . san francisco neighborhood - day ( 1981 ) in the more urban set of San Francisco , trash in City of San Francisco can be laid out for pick up in the beat down tenderloin district . ext . san francisco neighborhood - same a row of low income housing and two -story motel make up a city block in this same neighborhood . ext . STREET , san francisco CA . - same ( 1981 ) Chris wait to cross a street in San Francisco . he 's with he son christopher , 5 . Chris wear a coat and tie and carry a pretty large , square machine of some kind . the script San Francisco , 1981 appear . christopher maybe I should make a list CHRIS for you birthday gift ? christopher yeah . CHRIS well , you know , you be just go to get a couple thing . christopher just to look at . and study . so I can choose better . CHRIS can you spell everything you be think of ? Christopher think about it . christopher yeah ... CHRIS okay . make a list . that 's smart . the light change . they start to cross . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) be you do okay in here ? Chris have nodd up ahead to a city - neighborhood , cut-rate daycare . christopher yeah ... can we go to the park today ? after ? CHRIS I be take the bus back from oakland . I do not know when I ’1l1 get home . ext . mrs . chuss daycare , san francisco - later Chris leave the daycare building after leave Christopher there . but he turn and look back at the building . he 's look at they poorly - maintain mural of kid play . the paint 's peel . there 's graffiti over kid 's face . and someone 's write fuck in spray paint on it . then Chris look at the daycare motto paint above . mrs . Chu 's daycare . fun , Joy , happyness . Chris look at the word happyness . time pass . then he speak to a chinese daycare maintenance worker who 's sweeping out there . CHRIS that 's misspel . maintenance worker Hui hyu tsa . CHRIS happiness ? there 's no y. after P. the guy keep sweeping . Chris keep look at the wall , then he look inside the window at he son . Inside there , Christopher 's play with block by himself - he look more lonesome than pleased . int . daycare playroom - same while Christopher play quietly , Chris stand outside the window look in . Christopher do not see he . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) I be Chris gardner . ext . mrs . chu 's - same Chris remain at the window on the San Francisco sidewalk look in at he son . he 's watch Christopher play with the block alone inside . there , a dog no one 's pay attention to walk right across the kid 's play area over to a food bowl ; there 's spill food lay around he bowl . it 's a cramped , unhappy set for kid . then Chris look away from the window . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) this be part of my life story . he look at he watch . late for something , Chris start run off with he machine . ext . STREET , san francisco - later Chris sit on a bus bench in the city ; the guy beside he 's a drunk filipino with a screw loose , 60 , in a T-shirt that read World 's greatest dad . Chris keep the machine on he lap . the two sit there wait for the bus . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) this part , in the eighty ... this part 's call Riding the Bus . all of a sudden , the filipino guy face Chris and look astonished . filipino guy Holy shit , do you just crystallize from nowhere ? the guy point at Chris 's machine . filipino guy ( cont ’d ) that 's a time machine . Holy shit . the bus arrive . filipino guy ( cont ’d ) ( laugh ) Holy shit , man . Chris 's expression show the guy 's disturbing he peace . he stand up to catch the bus . int . CITY bus , moving - later Chris ride through east San Francisco ; he 's stare out the window like he 's get something heavy on he mind . he keep the machine on he lap . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) that 's a bone density scanner . filipino guy this guy have a time machine ! this one fucker ! the filipino 's seat in the row behind Chris , look through the crack between the seat ; he 's address everyone on the bus . fillipino guy ( cont ’d ) he crystallize beside I ! ext . bus bench , san francisco - later Chris wait for a transfer bus on a bench alone ; he 's stare at the machine on he lap . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) where would I go if it be one ? if it be a time machine I wonder . ext . STREET , san francisco - later Chris carry he scanner as he walk through the city . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) two year back , probably , before I take this job . ext . ST . francis hospital , san francisco - later a doctor and Chris part company before the entranceway to St. Francis Hospital . Chris still have he scanner . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) this thing be unnecessary and expensive . it give a slightly denser picture than a x-ray , for a ton more money . doctor we just do not need it , Chris . it 's unnecessary . and expensive . ext . STREET corner , san francisco - later a still image of Chris stand among a crowd of San franciscan wait for a walk light ; he 's stare at the scanner like he have personal hard feeling toward it . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) this be the business I buy into , when we move to San Francisco . * what follow be a montage of still image of Chris with he scanner in assort place around San Francisco , wait at corner , wait for the bus . ext . STREET / sidewalk , san francisco - later Chris walk up a sidewalk . a guy leave a park mercede a short distance ahead of he . Chris have be watch he . CHRIS ( make eye contact ) hey ... mercede owner hi ... Chris look at the car . then he look at the guy again . CHRIS how be you do ? mercede owner good . CHRIS ( smile ) do you have to go to college to do you job ? mercede owner ( smile back ) yeah . I be a structural engineer yeah . Chris nod . the light change . Chris start to cross the street . then he check he watch and start to run . ext . oakland CA . - later Chris run along the sidewalk beyond a busy oakland street ; he 's carry he scanner . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) that 's my car . in the foreground , among the car park on the streetside , be a hazel riviera with a yellow Denver boot lock down on the front wheel . a policeman write a ticket beside the car ext . oakland memorial hospital - later Chris jog with the scanner up the walkway to the main entrance of oakland Memorial Hospital . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) there 's limited parking near hospital . int . elevator , hospital - later Chris ride up the elevator , hold he scanner box . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) I make four hundred and eighteen dollar on each sale . int . corridor , hospital office - later Chris carry he scanner down a long hallway . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) a thirty dollar ticket every three day be a business expense . I think I have take it out of the commission on my scanner . as I sell they . ext . oakland memorial hospital - later Chris walk out the same door he enter on he way in ; he still have the scanner , though . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) I just be not sell any . int . CHRIS 's hazel riviera - later this be a shot through the windshield of Chris 's park car Bright orange ticket cover the lower half of the windshield . Chris be visible through the clear space of the glass walk across the street up ahead , carry he scanner . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) and I need at least one commission a week to cover rent and daycare . ext . bus stop , oakland - later later , Chris sit on a bus bench beside a unaccompany chinese kid try to play a trumpet ; it 's nearly evening . CHRIS ( face the kid ) would you stop that ? the kid stop and face Chris . kid ( to Chris ) Hu xia tu hi mar . the kid sit quietly for a moment , then he resume play the trumpet . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) so ... the bus ... the bus pull up . int . bus , moving - later Chris ride beside the window , with he bone scanner , look out at the landscape . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) all I be say ... riding the bus someday be a drag . the kid 's play the trumpet somewhere behind he . Chris sit there for a while . he 's share the row with a real heavy guy and he 's sort of over against the wall with he machine . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) I remember ... I think it be this day ... I remember I actually try it . Chris look down at he scanner . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) just in case that crazy fucker be somehow right . Chris keep stare at the machine . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) I have this stupid think , or wish that maybe he be right and everyone else be crazy , and maybe I be a time traveler and do not know it and could really go somewhere else if I push the button . close on CHRIS as he consider this . he put he finger on the black button . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) and I actually push the button ... like a idiot ... Chris push the button on he medical machine . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) ... and go nowhere . Chris sit there for a moment . he 's go nowhere of course . soon , he turn and look out the window . the city 's go by beyond he . ext . sidewalk , san fracisco - later Chris walk down the sidewalk with the scanner . he come upon a young man pay a meter for a park Ferrari ; Chris have look at the guy and the car . CHRIS ( to the guy , say hi ) hey . ferrari owner hey . CHRIS can I ask you something ? ferrari owner what ? CHRIS ( to the guy ) what do you do ? ferrari owner ( look over ) what ? for a job ? CHRIS yeah . ferrari owner I be a stockbroker . time pass . CHRIS do you have to go to college ? 10 . ferrari owner have to ? CHRIS yeah . more time go by . ferrari owner you do not have to . Chris nod . the guy 's say it to mean you do not have to but you sure should . then Chris start to cross the street . int . CHRIS 's apartment - later ( night ) Chris and Linda eat dinner at the kitchen table without speak . Linda wear a grocery worker 's uniform . the apartment 's small and unadorn with anything . some time pass during which there 's the heavy silence between a couple not get along . int . kitchen - later ( night ) Linda clean up after dinner . Chris walk past and see a rubik 's cube rest on a kitchen counter CHRIS what 's this ? linda a gift for Christopher . CHRIS from who ? linda Cynthia . from work . it 's for adult . it 's a adult thing . Chris can not use it . she do not know . CHRIS what be it ? linda you be suppose to make every side a solid color . Chris pick the thing up . linda ( cont ’d ) do you pay the tax ? 11 . CHRIS I file a extension ... linda you already file a extension . CHRIS I have to file another one . the bill be six hundred and fifty . i’1l have it in September . linda that mean interest . right ? CHRIS yeah . some . money seem to be a source of conflict for they . Rather than deal with it further , Linda leave the room . Chris remain there . ext . patio , apartment - continuous ( night ) Chris have come out on the patio idly with the cube ; it 's not a patio in the sense that one would derive enjoyment from sit there . it 's cement space outside the kitchen . each small apartment in the complex have one , so Chris be sit five foot from he neighbor 's patio on either side . he 's start mess with the cube . time pass like this while Chris , over a minute or so in real time , solve three side of the rubik 's cube completely . his thought be somewhere else , though , so he do not care to finish . he just put the thing down and go back inside . int . bathroom - day ( morning ) Chris and Linda share the real small space of they bathroom ; Chris brushes he tooth . Linda 's finish dress for work ; they be in the middle of a argument . CHRIS ( upset about it ) do he have to be in daycare from 6:30 in the morning ? linda ( piss too ) can you watch he ? CHRIS I need to be in the financial district . before work . 12 . linda I have to open . it 's the nineteenth . we have to pay rent next week . I need both shift . Linda try to leave and bump Chris 's shoulder . linda ( cont ’d ) fuck ... Linda walk out . Chris be leave alone . he stand there for a while . then he resume brush he tooth . a few moment go by . Chris rise up and look in the mirror for a while ; he 's size himself up . time pass while Chris look at himself . int . bedroom - continuous Chris have follow Linda into they bedroom . CHRIS I just want to go by Dean witter . before work . linda for what ? CHRIS I want to see about a job . linda what job ? CHRIS I want some information about a job there . linda what job ? CHRIS stockbroker . Linda look at Chris like he 's aim off the mark for what 's likely or best for they . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) I could go through a math book ina week when I be a kid . I want to see about it . linda I have to open . so you have Christopher . 13 . CHRIS I 'il go by during the day . linda you should probably do you sale call . sell what 's in you contract and get we out of that business , Chris . fuck , Chris . okay ? Linda have finish dress and leave the room . Chris watch she go . int . christopher 's bedroom - later Christopher 's sleep . the clock beside he bed read 5:30 . Chris sit on the bed , waking he up . CHRIS Christopher ... int . breakfast table - later Chris and he son have breakfast . the table 's in the kitchen . the kitchen 's real small . it 's pretty early . Christopher 's hold a cereal spoon . but he eye be close and he 's motionless . Chris look over at he . CHRIS ( try to wake he up ) pssst . Christopher 's eye open . Chris look at he . there 's a small , black and white tv on the counter that play local news ; there , a field reporter 's hold a rubik 's cube up for the camera . reporter ... be shaping up to the be the gift sensation of 1981 . do not expect to solve it easily , although we encounter a math professor at usf who take just thirty minute on he . Chris notice the tv . he 's get the idea the cube 's a challenge he could pass easily . he look back at Christopher Christopher 's eye be close again . Chris look at he with bad feeling he 's get he son up so early . ext . bus stop , san francisco - later Chris be freshly dress for work and be hold a scanner as he sit wait for the San Francisco city bus . 14 . the kid with the trumpet sit beside he , play it . Chris stare straight ahead like he 's determine about something . ext . dean witter office , san francisco - later businessman and woman walk around the financial district . soon , Chris become visible , turn a corner onto the same sidewalk , join the group of trader and broker . he stop and look across the street at a Dean witter branch office ; he 's hold the scanner . then he turn back the way he come . ext . sidewalk , san francisco - later down the street , Chris speak with a girl junkie who sit a couple step up apartment stair off the sidewalk . the scanner rest at Chris 's foot ; Chris hold some dollar bill . CHRIS can I give you a couple dollar ? you can watch this for I ? I be go in for a meeting . I do not want to bring this in and look small time . girl junkie yeah . Chris hand the girl the money . something occur to he . CHRIS ( do not want she to steal it ) it can not be sell anywhere . it 's medical equipment . it can not be sell anywhere . I can not even sell they , and it 's my job . i’1l give you some more money when I get back . girl junkie yeah . int . reception area , dean witter branch - later Chris sit alone in the reception area . then tim brophy enter the room . tim brophy Chris ? CHRIS ( stand quickly ) hi. 15 . tim brophy ( offer he hand ) Tim brophy . resource . I be go out to grab a coffee . do you want to come ? ext . public square , san francisco - later Chris and Tim brophy have come outside to a nearby public park square . they be mid-conversation , sit together on the low , perimeter wall of the park fountain . tim brophy here 's a ap . for we internship . that 's all we can do for you here . brophy hand the application to Chris . CHRIS thanks ... tim brophy ( cont ’d ) we have a resume sheet , too . we have have a lot of application , though . we be out . CHRIS have noticed something across the park , though ; the girl junkie 's carrying he scanner off . she 's walk away with it into the city . tim brophy ( cont ’d ) you can pick one up at you school . we send they out . CHRIS Mr. brophy , I have to go . tim brophy okay . CHRIS I have to . thanks . then Chris rise and run off . ext . sidewalk , san francisco - later Chris sprint through a large group of young market trader on break . 16 . ext . STREET / train station , san francisco - later the girl junkie with the scanner take the stair up to the train . it 's a long shot that show city sidewalk a good distance behind she ; Chris be visible down there run toward she . but the train come and block the view . the train sit there , obscure anything that 's happen behind it . after a while , it move along , and when it 's totally out of frame it reveal Chris stand on the station platform all alone without he scanner , have reach it too late . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) I ride up and down look for she . that day . int . CITY train , moving - later Chris stand near the window of the move train , watch the city landscape pass outside . int . CITY train , moving - later this train 's move the other way . Chris be seat now . he look at the papers brophy give he . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) there be three blank line after '' High School '' to list more education . the program take just twenty people every six month . one get a job . the internship pay nothing . ext . CITY train platform , san francisco - later ( night ) Chris leave a train later with some other . he walk across the platform toward the stair , then he put the application in the trash can by the step and keep walk . ext . neighborhood STREET , san francisco - morning it 's just sunrise so there 's little traffic . Chris and Christopher leave Linda at a bus stop bench for she ride to work and start walk off on they own somewhere ; Chris carry a scanner , Christopher a backpack . linda ( to Chris , about the scanner , kid sort of ) come back without that , please . 17 . CHRIS ( try to be light - heart about it ) I be go to . say goodbye to it . because I be come back without it . linda ( to the scanner , just slightly amused ) Goodbye . and good riddance . CHRIS ( try to kid ) you do not have to add '' good riddance . '' linda ( to Chris and Christopher ) Goodbye . ext . neighborhood STREET - later Chris and Christopher have walk farther into east San Francisco , past a park where one guy 's shoot basket . Christopher 's watch he . CHRIS that 's not how you spell it . christopher how ? CHRIS p-p-y . it 's a '' i . '' happiness . christopher that 's a adjective ? CHRIS yeah . it 's just not spell right christopher be '' fuck '' right ? Chris do not say anything for a while . CHRIS yeah . but that 's not part of the motto . so ... you be not suppose to learn that . it 's a grow up word . to show anger , and other thing . Drop it , okay ? 18 . christopher all right . CHRIS what 's it say on you bag ? that tape ? christopher my nickname . we pick nickname . CHRIS what 's it say ? christopher hot Rod . do you have a nickname ? Chris think for a while . CHRIS yeah . christopher what ? CHRIS ten gallon head ... christopher what 's that ? CHRIS I live in Louisiana , near Texas . before I join the navy . people wear cowboy hat . a ten gallon 's a big hat . I be good at school . I be smart when I be a kid , so they call I ten gallon head . christopher hoss wear that hat . CHRIS hoss ? christopher hoss cartwright . on Bonanza . CHRIS how do you know Bonanza ? christopher I watch Bonanza at Mrs. Chu as. 19 . CHRIS you watch Bonanza at daycare ? Christopher 's get distract by a chinese pushcart pass . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) hey . you watch Bonanza at daycare ? Christopher nod . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) when ? christopher what ? CHRIS when do you watch it ? after snack ? after you nap ?... christopher after Love Boat . Chris look down at he son , get piss . CHRIS ( quietly ) fuck ... christopher I make my list . for my birthday . CHRIS ( distract , think about the tv issue ) what do you pick ? christopher a basketball . or a ant farm . CHRIS okay ... ext . ms. chuss daycare - later out front of the daycare doorway , in the San Francisco neighborhood , Chris hold a conversation with elderly , chinese mrs . chu . CHRIS he say he 's watch tv. 20 . she show Chris a inch distance between she thumb and forefinger . mrs . chu Little tv . for history . CHRIS Love Boat ? mrs . chu for history . navy . CHRIS that 's not the navy . mrs . chu Little tv. CHRIS he could watch tv at home . we pay three hundred dollar a month . I be go to take he out if you be watch tv . mrs . chu navy history . Little history . Little tv . go pay more at other daycare if you do not like history tv . Chris 's expression mean he do not have that money . mrs. chu ( cont ’d ) you late pay anyway . you complain , I complain . you late pay . in the middle of this , Chris look at he watch ; he 's late . ext . train platform - later Chris stand on a platform , with he scanner , wait for a train . Chris look across the track . CHRIS 's Pov the trash can CHRIS put he application in rest on the opposite platform from he . Chris stand across the track look at it . 21 . station speaker Blue line ... Chris look down the line for the train . it 's coming . Chris look across the track at the trash can . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) this part of my life 's call ... run . like a bolt , Chris take off run . he sprint with he scanner toward the platform step down . int . station pass through - continuous to reach the other side , Chris must run with he scanner through the station underground pass -through . ext . opposite platform - continuous Chris have grab he application out of the can and take off for the stair as the train pull in across the track . int . station pass through - continuous Chris run back through the underground pass . ext . platform - continuous Chris reach the other platform and sprint toward the close door of the metro train . he jump in as the door close and the train roll off . ext . dean witter build , financial district - later Chris stand outside the skyscraper lobby with he scanner and application . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) I be wait for witter resource head jay twistle , whose name sound so delightful , like he have give you a job and a hug . a tall , thin businessman mr . twistle walk up toward the entranceway from a cab . CHRIS hi , be you Mr. twistle ? mr . twistle yes. 22 . CHRIS I be Chris gardner . Chris show he the application . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) I want to drop this off personally and make you acquaintance . they describe you in the office . I think I might catch you on you way in . mr . twistle okay . CHRIS I have appreciate the opportunity to discuss what may seem like weakness in my application . twistle ( gesture to Chris with the application ) we ’1ll start with this , Chris . we will call you if we want to sit down . Chris nod ; he 's be rebuffe . he start to walk away . ext . STREET corner , san francisco - later Chris speak on a pay phone . the scanner rest at he foot . CHRIS Chris gardner for Dr. delsey . ( listen ) I be run late for a sale call . acro . it 's with Dr. delsey and Dr. Cross . ( listen ) can we still do it ? in a half -hour ? then CHRIS catch sight of something . CHRIS 's Pov across the street , in a slice of space between skyscraper Chris have see the girl junkie and a boyfriend walk by . the guy 's got CHRIS 's medical equipment . Chris stare at they from across the street . he want to get off the phone and chase the pair , but the receptionist be still speak . 23. CHRIS okay. ( listen ) I 'il see you then . okay . thank you . Chris hang the phone up and take off run . ext . STREET , san francisco - same the girl and she boyfriend have take Chris 's stuff to a bus stop . they be in a line of folk board the city bus . Chris come run up the street behind they . the bus pull away . Chris be right behind it , though , and never let up run ; he 's pretty strong and fast and can keep up with the bus from the sidewalk . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) that be my steal machine ... unless she be with a guy who sell they , too .. the frame freeze on Chris in mid sprint CUT to : a quick flashback of CHRIS signing a contract in a medical supply company office CHRIS ( v.0 . ) ... which be unlikely because I have the whole Bay area in my contract ... ext . medical supply company warehouse - day ( flashback ) with the help of a warehouse worker , Chris load scanner into the back of a rent van . Linda wait beside it , look on . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) ... which mean I more or less own this thing . which seem like a good idea at the time ... ext . apartment stairwell - day ( flashback ) Chris , Linda and the warehouse guy carry scanner up the stairwell step to Chris and Linda 's apartment . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) .. because I do not know yet that doctor and hospital would regard they as unnecessary luxury . 24 . CHRIS ( cont would ) I even ask the warehouse man to take a picture . int . CHRIS 's apartment , live room - day ( flashback ) because of a lack of space , Chris have have to stack the scanner along the live room wall . there be thirty of they stack up there . Chris stand in front of the stack with Linda . they be pose for the picture . Chris smile from the enthusiasm of a new endeavor . in fact , he offer a thumb up to the camera . he nudge linda , who seem a little less enthusiastic , to give a thumb up , too ; she smile and , because she 's throwing in with CHRIS 's dream , give the thumb up , though it 's not quite as heartfelt as Chris 's . the camera flash . int . CITY bus , moving - same in the present again , the girl and she boyfriend sit toward the back of the bus . it move through the San Francisco neighborhood . Chris be visible out the window , run alongside the bus . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) .... 80 if I lose one , it be like lose grocery . for a month . ext . sidewalk - same Chris run hard to keep up with the bus ; he 's still get he scanner . the bus be pull up to a corner stop ; he 's go to catch it . Chris have reach the bus and go right in in front of commuter who be wait . int . CITY bus - continuous Chris walk past the driver without pay fare . driver hey , man ... hris head down the aisle with he scanner until he reach he junky 's seat . +0 CHRIS hey ... 4 he guy look up . 25 . ext . bus stop - later the bus door have open to let commuter off at a corner . soon , Chris leave the bus with two bone density scanner . he place they on the sidewalk to rest . he check he watch . he 's late for he sale call . he pick the scanner up and start run with they again . ext . STREET , san francisco - later Chris run through San Francisco with both scanner . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) I carry they because I get pay at installation . ext . doctor 's office , san francisco hospital - later Chris sit at a board table across from a pair of doctor . both scanner rest on the table top . CHRIS I could even install today . first doctor we do not need two . the second doctor look at the equipment second doctor we do not need one . Chris look back at the doctor . ext . intersection , san francisco - later Chris carry both scanner across a city intersection . ext . CITY train platform , san francisco - later Chris have retrieve Christopher and hold both scanner as they wait for the train . Christopher 's look at he . christopher do you forget ? CHRIS forget what ? christopher ( nodd at the scanner ) you be not suppose to have any of that . 26 . CHRIS I know . christopher you have two now . CHRIS yeah , I know . int . kitchen , CHRIS 's apartment - later Linda set dinner out . Chris enter the kitchen with he son . linda look at the scanner he carry , take notice Chris do not sell they . CHRIS hey ... linda hey ... she stare at Chris with he double scanner . they do not say anything , but she 's think of this morning and Chris 's promise he be go to make something happen with he sale job . int . kitchen - later later , after dinner at the kitchen table , Christopher have open a birthday gift . Chris hand he a second one - a gift - wrap basketball . christopher ( take it , smile ) thanks for the basketball . CHRIS ( smile ) how do you know it 's a basketball ? the child 's pretty smart and get the humor in the fact the gift be obvious . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) maybe it 's a ant farm . christopher ( amused ) no way . Christopher unwrap the ball . 27 . CHRIS we 'il go play soon . okay ? christopher yeah ... int . live room - later ( night ) Chris pass through the live room . a wide shot show twenty scanner stacked along the wall there . ext . patio , CHRIS 's apartment - continuous Linda 's out on the small set of the third floor patio balcony . there 's a old neighbor beat a SMALL rug on the balcony right beside she , and another one smoking on a lawn chair just to she leave . Chris come out and find she there ; they do not say anything for a while . CHRIS ( have to whisper because the neighbor be close ) it be a fuck up day . I go by Dean witter . I end up have to run somebody down . someone try to run off -- linda whatever ... CHRIS whatever ? what be you talk about ? the guy keep beat the rug beside they . Chris look over at he ; it 's get to Chris . linda ( have to whisper ) whatever . CHRIS what do you mean whatever ? linda I do not care . whatever . every day 's get some story so ... CHRIS ( have to whisper , meaning believe in he ) hang on . 28. linda ( do not hear he ) what ? CHRIS can you hang on ? the guy keep beat the rug . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) can you just hang on . the guy beat the rug . it set Chris off . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) ( yell ) Roy . hey . beat you little rug when no one else be out here . can you ? roy I be try to keep a clean house , Chris . CHRIS we be talk . the man lay the rug on the balcony rail . Chris seem to regret he laid into such a old guy . but he face Linda again . CHRIS ( still whisper ) I be say ... just hang on . we 'il come out of it . it 's go to be fine . linda you say that before . you say that before Christopher , it 'il be fine . CHRIS what ? you do not trust I ? linda whatever ... after a moment , Linda go back into the house . Chris remain on the balcony . he stand there for a while . then the old neighbor begin beat he rug again . 29 . ext . san francisco neighborhood - early morning it 's not yet light . Chris and he son walk to work and daycare again ext . neighborhood , san francisco - later ( sunrise ) they wait at a corner to cross . Beyond they , the sun 's just come up . a car 's pass ; Christopher start to cross without look . CHRIS ( stop he ) Christopher , look . I know it 's early . but wake up . ext . dean witter build - later Chris be dress for work and stand outside Dean witter hold a scanner and wait for twistle as he approach from the street . CHRIS Mr. twistle . the two shake hand . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) Chris gardner . we meet a couple week ago . I give you a application -- mr . twistle Chris , I be busy right now . CHRIS I be sorry . twistle continue on he way . Chris watch he go . int . movie theater , san francisco - day the Disney picture the Fox and the hound play on the theater screen . Chris sit in the audience with he son . Chris watch the picture for a time . soon , he turn to check on Christopher and find he asleep . he look at he son for a while , get the idea clearly that the way he life be wear he son out . 30 . ext . financial district - day on another day , Chris , with a scanner , run along a sidewalk in the financial district , past the transamerica building . ext . dean witter build - later Chris wait in he now familiar spot before the Dean witter skyscraper . jay twistle leave the building . as he approach a cab , Chris approach he . CHRIS Mr. twistle ? twistle hi. CHRIS Chris gar -- twistle yeah . listen . what can I do for you ? CHRIS I submit a application for the intern program . I hope I could sit down with you for a moment twistle I be on my way to Russian Hill Chris . twistle have point to the cab . Chris look at the cab ; he decide to lie . CHRIS I , too . can we share a ride maybe ? twistle look back at Chris . int . cab , moving - later Chris sit in the back of a cab that drive through San Francisco . CHRIS a lot of my family member be in the navy . I just decide to join after high -school ... Chris be look across the cab back seat ; he 's disappointed by what he see . 31 . what Chris see be twistle sit across from he , play with a rubik 's cube and half - listen to Chris . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) : I plan on go to college , but I start a family before I be discharge and begin work ... twistle 's still mess with the cube while Chris be talk . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) Mr. twistle , I be try to ... twistle I be sorry . this fuck thing 's impossible . Chris look over at twistle . time pass . CHRIS I can do it . twistle no one can . CHRIS I can . twistle no one can . it 's bullshit . CHRIS give it to I . twistle look at Chris . after a moment , he hand he the rubik 's cube . Chris look at it as he begin to make some correction on it . CHRIS ( good-nature ) you really fuck it up . twistle ( lighthearted ) sorry . CHRIS it 's all ... ( look out at the street ) how far away be we ? 32 . twistle I do not care . we can drive around all day . because you can not do it . it 's bullshit . CHRIS yes , I can . twistle no , you can not . CHRIS yeah , I can . twistle 's smile now . Chris sit in the back of the cab twist the thing backwards and forward . twistle watch . the cab driver look on in the rear view mirror . he 's get a rubik 's cube on the seat beside he . Chris continue move the thing around . twistle continue watch . the cab driver keep watch as well . Chris have two side solid already . twistle look on . the cabbie pull up to where twistle be head . no one leave the cab . Chris keep work on the cube . he stop for a while , though . some part of it 's get he hang up . he stare at it . everyone 's go quiet in anticipation of Chris succeed or not . Chris figure something out , turn the thing three time . then he show the finish cube to twistle . twistle look back at Chris . cab driver ( about the fare ) seventeen ten . twistle ( to Chris ) you be go on , right ? somewhere else in Russian Hill ? CHRIS yes . twistle have step out of the cab . 33 . twistle ( about the cube , to Chris ) good job . he wave goodbye to Chris ; he have not offer any money or anything further about Chris 's interest in he program . cab driver ( to Chris ) where be you go ? Chris be still watch twistle . cab driver ( cont ’d ) where be you go ? CHRIS go over to Pacific ... the cab pull out . Chris ride in the back . he see something that trouble he . CHRIS 's Pov Chris be look at the cab fare meter . it read $ 17.30 . Chris 's expression impart he do not have the fare . as the cab drive along , Chris grow more concerned . ext . traffic , russian hill , san francisco - later a exterior shot of the cab in traffic . Chris 's door open violently and he bolt out . cab driver hey ! Chris sprint up Pacific Avenue away from the cab . the driver 's jump out to chase he . ext . hyde STREET - same Chris have run onto hyde Street . he 's faster than the driver and pull away . ext . polk STREET - later Chris have turn into a alley off Polk . he stay there for a while . the cab driver walk by out on Polk . he 's look for Chris . he 's lose he . the driver head back for he cab . Chris should feel like he 's in the free and clear . he do for a while , then he take notice that he 's stand there empty-hand and realize he leave he scanner in the cab . 34 . CHRIS fuck ... ext . pacific ave , - continuous as the cab driver return to where he cab wait in traffic , CHRIS run right back past he , and the driver start chase he again . the cab Chris grab the scanner out from the back of the cab . the driver 's close in on he . Chris get the gear out and get go again with little distance between he and the driver now . ext . pacific ave - later Chris try to sprint while carry the scanner . ext . public square - later Chris run through a public square park . he 's start to drag . he come to a rest bench . he must rest and put he scanner on the bench . as Chris catch he breath , he see the driver come into view run toward he from not too far off . Chris look at the scanner ; he have to leave it to get away ; it represent money he need though , and leave it 's difficult . Chris look back at the driver then he leave run . soon , the driver reach the bench where the scanner rest . he know he can not catch Chris now that Chris be not haul something . so he just give up . he stop . he watch Chris run off at the far side of the square . ext . STREET , west side of the public square - later later , the driver sit across the street from the square . he 's do surveillance on the abandon scanner that still remain in the middle of the square ; he 's wait to chase Chris when he reclaim it . Chris be on a pay phone across the street from the opposite side of the square . he see the driver ; the driver do not see Chris ; Chris watch the driver and scanner . CHRIS ( to the phone ) I be go to be home late . 35 . linda ( 0.s. ) Chris , I be leave . CHRIS leave where ? linda ( 0.s. ) I have my thing together . CHRIS leave we place ? linda ( 0.s. ) Chris , I be go . i’1l talk to you later . CHRIS wait ... Linda hang up . Chris have be surprised . he 's throw and real unsettle . he look over at the scanner . then he take change from he pocket . he 's take a quarter and nickel out he look at they . close on the head side of the nickel : the profile of thomas jefferson . Chris look at it . then he look up across the street . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) the train be come every four minute . there 's a city train platform in the distance behind the street the driver wait at CHRIS ( v.0 . ) I could get my scanner , get past he somehow , and if I time it right , jump right on and roll off . Chris look forty yard across the square at he scanner . then Chris just jump out and go for it . across the street , the driver 's distract and do not see Chris across the square on a straight line for he equipment . Chris have reach the scanner and grab it . he 's get to run by the driver to get the train . he see that it 's come around the bend to the west . meanwhile , the driver 's see Chris and stand up to stop he from run by . 36 . Chris reach he , juke he , then take off after the train . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) I be think ... I do not know ... ext . STREET - continuous Chris run for the train ; the driver chase he . the train 's at the platform stop Chris run toward . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) I be think about Thomas jefferson . int . station - later Chris have reach the station and put he change in the turnstile machine . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) ... and the declaration of Independence . int . station stair - later Chris run up the station step to the platform . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) and the passage about we right to life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness . for real . ext . train platform - later Chris have come up to the platform and find the train there ; he run toward the open door of the close car . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) and I remember think ... how do he know to put the pursuit part in there . that happiness ... the door be close . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) ... maybe it 's just something you 'il never have . no matter . how do he know that ? he be a smart person I always admire . Chris try to jam in past the door come together . they have clipped the scanner and cause Chris to drop it . it land on the platform break up . 37 . now Chris be on the other side of the train door with no way to open it . Chris look through the glass at the scanner . the train start to roll away ; Chris keep look at the scanner as the train take he away from the platform . ext . CHRIS 's neighborhood , san francisco - later ( evening ) later , when it 's become dark , Chris walk home through he city neighborhood . int . CHRIS 's apartment - later Chris look across he live room at the stack of acro bone density scanner he can not sell ; the odd feature of this moment be that the place be pretty empty now except for chris' product . Linda have leave with some of they belonging . Chris turn back for the open front door . his landlord 's stand in the doorway . landlord Chris . Chris head past he . landlord ( cont ’d ) I get to get the rent from you . Chris go by he out the apartment . landlord ( cont ’d ) hey , man ... ext . apartment build - continuous Chris have come out front . he 's look over the lot across the street to see if there 's some trace of Linda and Christopher go . he do not see they . he remain there for a while ; he 's face the idea Christopher 's go . a phone ring from he open apartment . Chris look that way . then he jog toward he place . int . CHRIS 's apartment - later as the phone ring , Chris run in past the landlord hang around the doorway . landlord I get to get the rent from you man . Chris close the door on he . the phone ring . Chris get over to it . 38 . CHRIS hello . man 's voice Chris ? CHRIS yeah . man 's voice jay twistle . Chris be surprised . it take he a moment to respond . CHRIS hi ... man 's voice Dean witter . CHRIS hi ... man 's voice do you still want to come by and visit ? after a moment , Chris try to make he voice come over casually , but it 's a opportunity he 's be long chase and he 's shake by it . CHRIS yes . man 's voice come on by . let 's sit down with a couple colleague of mine . do you have a pen and paper ? Chris look around in the drawer , the tabletop ; he grab a stray piece of paper from the counter . he do not have a pen . he just stand there . CHRIS yes . man 's voice good . because this be go to get a little complicated . 39 . CHRIS ( afraid of that , very quietly ) fuck ... man 's voice 17901 West devaney . Chris concentrate hard to remember . CHRIS okay . man 's voice Tower two . suite eleven -- CUT to : ext . STREET , san francisco - later Chris run full speed through the sidewalk foot traffic . CHRIS ( repeat to remember ) 17901 West devaney -- ext . STREET , san francisco - later Chris wait at a intersection corner for the crosswalk . a acquaintance of CHRIS 's , hang out nearby , come over . CHRIS ( to himself ) suite eleven sixty three -- acquaintance Chris . CHRIS ( rush ) hey . acquaintance what 's up , man ? do you see that nugget game ? CHRIS no . acquaintance last night . you do not see that ? 40 . CHRIS no . acquaintance a hundred and eighteen ... ( correct himself ) a hundred and nineteen to a hundred twenty . two overtime . moon make a three pointer with seventeen second leave . the number be fuck Chris up . CHRIS I be run somewhere . and I can not talk to you about number and shit right now . the light change . Chris take off . acquaintance ( to himself ) what 's you problem with number ? CHRIS ( stop in the street ) Wayne . acquaintance what ? CHRIS you owe I fourteen buck . acquaintance yeah ... CHRIS do you have that ? acquaintance i’1l get that to you . Chris take off again . acquaintance ( cont ’d ) ( to himself again ) fourteen 's a number . int . register , grocery store - later Chris hold a single pen and wait for he turn to pay . 41 . ext . grocery store - later Chris sit on a bench outside the grocery with he new pen ; he 's write the address down on the paper he have . he finish . he look at it . for the first time , CHRIS demonstrate a sense of slight relief and satisfaction . he remain on the bench , rest for a while . then he notice the paper be the list Christopher 's make earlier . Chris look at it . the paper bear handwrite that read basketball ... microscope ... two record ... Chris look at the paper for a while ; he 's think about he son . ext . ms. chuss daycare , san francisco - day Chris be amp up and have catch up with Linda in front of daycare . Christopher 's go in ; leave alone , they take the occasion to scream at one another . CHRIS you do not leave I a pen . linda Chris -- CHRIS do you know he watch nonsense in here ? he watch tv in here ? linda what be you say ? CHRIS you set this up . I would not have set this up . I would have look in this fuck place . take off . but I want Christopher . give I Christopher if you want to take off . a daycare worker have come out to quiet they . daycare worker there 's child in here . she go back in . the couple look at one another . then they finish with each other by whisper fiercely . CHRIS you set this up . 42 . linda we do not have a choice . it 's all we could pay for . CHRIS where be you stay ? linda at Cynthia 's . CHRIS there 's no room for Christopher there . I be take he if you be stay there . why be you stay there ? linda until I can figure out where I be go . all right ? until I figure out what I want to do . I want to do something different . just -- that 's where I be stay . Linda walk off . Chris watch she go . ext . bus bench , san francisco - later Chris sit on a bus bench across the street from the daycare building . he 's look across the street , into the center where the class be be collect to leave for the day . Chris stand up to go retrieve Christopher . ext . ms. chuss daycare - continuous Christopher 's come out front with some other . Chris be there , wait . CHRIS hey . christopher hi ... CHRIS ready ? christopher yeah . where 's mom ? Chris do not answer right away . they start walk off . 43 . CHRIS she go to stay with a friend for a little while . christopher Cynthia ? CHRIS yeah . christopher why ? CHRIS she want to be alone for a while to do some think . christopher think about what ? CHRIS just ... about how to be happy . all right ? I be with you . you be go to be fine . Christopher look a little mix up . they have come to a corner and stop . Chris look down at he son . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) she just want to do some think . you be go to be fine . he smile as a mean to reassure Christopher . Christopher nod . ext . apartment management office - day Chris have meet he apartment landlord in front of the office . Chris hold he lease ; they be discuss it . CHRIS the apartment 's in good shape . you have to keep this fifty dollar cleanup ? landlord that 's a touchup fee . repainting . CHRIS I 'il paint it . 44 . landlord that 's all right . why be you move ? Chris look at the guy for a while . CHRIS Linda 's move out . we need a smaller space . int . CHRIS 's apartment - later Chris paint the wall white ; he 's dress in old clothes he do not care about . it 's a unhappy scene with the scanner stack visible in the frame . he 's get to edge past a scanner to paint . CHRIS ( to the scanner for some reason ) watch out . he knock the scanner aside with he foot . it do not go as far as he need . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) ( start to lose it ) watch out , asshole . he knock it harder , then he look at the scanner with the loose bearing of a guy who just call some equipment '' asshole . '' CHRIS ( cont ’d ) fuckin 's ... shit. asshole . then he kick the equipment . then he push he ladder down on the scanner . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) fucker . then Chris really kick its midsection hard . he 's a little wind and stop . he look at the damage he 's cause . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) ( realize he bust it ) shit ... after a while , he sit down beside the scanner . Chris take a piece that fly off and try to put it back on . 45 . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) ( more calmly ) fit. come on . it 's not go back on . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) ( quietly ) come on . I be sorry . Chris keep try to fix the equipment . ext . patio - later Chris sit on the small cement patio . he 's get he face press against the green mesh chain link of the rail . close on Chris 's face meshed in ; it 's a uncomfortable - look position but one he 's apparently take some comfort from temporarily . apartment - later Chris paint with a roller when there 's a knock at the door . he go to answer it and walk past part of the wall where he 's paint in broad white paint Chris , you suck , Chris door - continuous Chris open the door . two san francisco policeman stand outside . policeman Chris gardner ? Chris look back at the police . int . jail cell - later Three inmate sit around a station jail cell - Chris and two other . Chris remain in he painting clothes . inmate ( to Chris ) what ' have you do ? Chris do not answer . 46 . inmate ( cont 'd ) ( to Chris ) what ' have you do ? the other guy start laugh . second inmate ( laugh ) parking ticket . after a moment , the first guy begin to laugh . inmate ( laugh , to Chris ) you get to pay that shit . int . cashier 's office , police station - later Chris write a check for the clerk . CHRIS four hundred ? clerk four eighty . it 's a heavy amount for Chris . clerk ( cont ’d ) that 's a county tax . ( take the check ) you have to stay until this clear . we verify at nine-thirty a.m. CHRIS ( worried for Christopher ) my son 's at school . I have to get he . clerk it 's nine - thirty a.m. CHRIS I have a job interview at 10:15 . at Dean witter . and my son 's at -- clerk we verify at nine-thirty . though he 's concerned , Chris have to accept this . 47 . int . corridor , jail - later Chris be on the pay phone down the end of the long jail corridor ; though he 's talk calmly , he expression show he 's feel great unrest . linda ( 0.s. ) ( meaning what do you want ) what ? CHRIS I have to ... I can not get Christopher today . linda ( 0.s. ) what ? CHRIS I need you to get Christopher . take he with you . for the night . one night . linda ( 0.s. ) what be you do ? CHRIS ( quietly ) I get stick . in this ... situation . i’1l get he at school tomorrow . i’1l go right there . linda ( 0.s. ) maybe I should take he . CHRIS you should take he for the night like I be ask . to help we . linda ( 0.s. ) I want to see he ... Chris do not say anything . linda ( 0.s. ) I want to see he . CHRIS see he tomorrow . then bring he back . there 's no response . 48. CHRIS ( cont ’d ) see he then bring he home . linda I want to take he to Golden Gate . to the park . i’11 bring he back at six . Chris do not say yes or no . linda ( 0.s. ) six. okay ? CHRIS Linda ... Chris weigh what Linda have in mind . CHRIS ( meaning it better be six and no later ) six . Chris be lean way in with he head press into the corner of the phone box ; there 's pain on he face like someone 's hit he head with a hammer . int . cell - night in the middle of the night , while the few other inmate sleep , Chris lay in he space awake . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) I be wonder how I be go to get over to Dean witter in time . without a dime . ext . police station , san francisco - day ( morning ) no one 's out on the front step of the station the next morning . the set look like a still picture . then the door fly open , and Chris come run out . ext . STREET , san francisco - later Chris tear down the sidewalk , run past business people . ext . sidewalk / STREET , financial district - later Chris sprint down the sidewalk toward the Dean witter building . he 's wear a gray member 's only jacket , no shirt under and white jeans cover in old paint . 49 . ext . dean witter build - later Chris stand in front of the skyscraper lobby entrance fight with the bust front zipper of he jacket . CHRIS ( struggle with the zipper ) fuck ... then Chris give up on it . he stand there for a moment have to accept the fact that he have to conduct a interview this way . int . build elevator , moving - later surrounded by business people , Chris ride the elevator up in he painter pants and he open member only . int . reception room , dean wiitter headuarters - later Young Dean witter applicant in suit wait together in a row of reception room seat . Chris sit directly in the middle of they . a receptionist enter from the inter-office to call Chris for he interview . receptionist Mr. gardner ? Chris rise . CHRIS thank you . Chris walk past she . int . board room , dean witter - later a group of dean witter partner wait for Chris in the board room . Chris and the receptionist enter . receptionist ( introduce he ) Chris gardner . the man look at Chris . jay twistle be part of the group . Chris look back at they . CHRIS hi. more or less embarrassed , the group have go quiet . 50 . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) ... I have be sit out there for a half hour think of a story about some series of event that would have lead I to be here like this . dress like this . and also would have demonstrate quality you probably value here like diligence and earnestness and maybe team - play or something ... the partner look at Chris . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) I could not think of anything . I be arrest for failure to pay parking ticket . I run here from the Polk station . from the police station . the partner keep look at Chris . first partner I have a question . Chris look back . the guy check out he clothes . first partner ( cont ’d ) what be you do before you be arrest ? the other laugh . Chris have smile . there 's some good cheer in the room now . CHRIS I be painting my apartment . first partner sit down . Chris begin to sit . first partner ( cont ’d ) ( gesture for Chris to stop ) be it dry ? CHRIS yes ... Chris sit down . 51 . first partner ( to Chris ) jay say you be pretty determine . twistle he 's be wait out front with some forty pound gizmo for a month . first partner he say you be smart . Chris look over at twistle . the look be mean to thank jay . jay return Chris 's look to say he 's in Chris 's corner . first partner ( cont ’d ) do you think you can learn regulation and operation of the market so as to capitalize ? CHRIS yes . first partner have you already start learn ? on you own ? CHRIS yes . first partner because that 's all we do . the partner look Chris over . first partner ( cont ’d ) we generally hire m.b.a.s from good school . we like to be prepare in case a client ask where a employee go to school . Chris listen like that 's bad news . first partner ( cont ’d ) but it 's be my experience that they do not . they ask whether they be profiting through we service . ( turn to jay ) jay , how many time have you see Chris ? twistle ten. 52 . first partner have he ever be dress like this ? Chris await the answer . twistle no. jacket and tie . first partner ( look at he resume ) you be first in you class ? in high school ? CHRIS yes . first partner out of how many ? CHRIS twelve . no one react like it 's much of a accomplishment . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) small town . first partner I ’l1l say . twistle first be first , though . first partner yes , first be first , jay . CHRIS I be first in radar class in the navy also . twenty guy . twistle if Chris finish first here , he 's make we a lot of money . the first partner look at Chris for a while . first partner what would you say if I tell you a guy show up for a interview without a shirt . and I hire he . what would you say to that ? Chris think about it . the whole character ext . dean 53 . CHRIS he must have have a pretty nice pair of pants . room laugh . Chris have accomplish share some strength with this group . witter build , skyscraper lobby - later twistle have walk Chris out ; they finish a conversation out front of the skyscraper . CHRIS thank you , Mr. twistle . twistle you can call I jay . CHRIS ( nodd ) I 'il let you know , jay . twistle ( totally surprised by that ) what ? CHRIS ( not follow ) what ? twistle you 'il let I know , jay ? CHRIS yes . twistle you hound -- you stand here -- CHRIS there 's no salary . my circumstance change some . I need to figure out if I can make it . twistle a couple hour . no shit . i’1l fill you spot . I promise . you know what I 'il look like ... if you back out , you know what I x11 look like to the partner ? 54 . CHRIS yes . twistle what ? CHRIS a ass -- ( think better of it ) -- a- hole . twistle yes . a ass a-hole . all the way . amuse , twistle have smile . Chris have smile too from the simple enjoyment of he company ; all in all it 's a moment of relief for Chris amid all he long stretch of unhappiness . ext . STREET , san francisco - later Chris run back home from the building . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) there be no salary . and not even a reasonable promise of a job . one intern be hire at the end of the program . from a pool of twenty . ext . STREET , san francisco - later Chris keep run . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) if you be not that guy , you could not apply the six month training to another broker . I would have to quit formally work for acro as well . I would have to give up benefit . ext . gun & pawn , store , san francisco - later Chris remove he watch , slow from he run and approach the pawn shop . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) the only resource I would have for six month would be my scanner , which I own on lease and could still sell . I have fifteen leave . if I sell they all , I might get by . 55 . ext . train platform , CITY - later Chris wait among other at the central San Francisco train platform . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) I have two hour to decide . int . CITY train , moving - later Chris ride by the window . he 's look out at the landscape of the city . it 's fall . the afternoon light 's fade out . Chris have go quiet like he be at the film 's beginning , riding the train and consider the matter of he life . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) I remember wonder ... be I a good bet ? or not . because all this be be a bet I could shine . int . CHRIS 's apartment - later Chris be alone in the apartment , stand under he broad you suck message . with a brush , he begin to cover it with paint . once it 's paint over , Chris show a degree of relief . then he check he kitchen clock . the clock read five minute to six . ext . stairwell , motel - later hris sit alone outside on the stairwell step wait for hristopher . qo int . CHRIS 's apartment - later t 's almost dark . Chris look out the window of he room to he stairwell where Linda should come up . she 's not there . hris check he watch . he 's worried . soon , Linda come up he stair . she 's carry Christopher because he 's asleep . hris let some apprehension go . octocth h not . live room , motel room - later Linda have put Christopher down on the couch under the message Chris paint over ; he 's still asleep . they face one another from five foot away . linda ( meaning where 's he be ) what be you do ? 56 . CHRIS I have to , I have to manage all this stuff . I have a interview at Dean witter . I have to get there . for a intern program . a competitive program . I get it . Linda have be listen . linda I be go back to Los Angeles . CHRIS all right ... they keep face one another . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) I want Christopher . here . Linda look at Chris for a while ; size he up . linda salesman to intern 's backwards . you be fuck around . CHRIS ( with some anger , try to stay quiet . ) I be not . linda what be you go to do for money ? CHRIS I be go to sell that thing I lease . and I be go to stand out . in my program . linda you be do that ? Chris do not answer she . Linda stand there for a while . the vibe of Linda be she 's lose , disappointed with she lot and uncertain over the important concern of she life ; she 's consider all of what Chris say to she . Chris wait for the answer . linda ( cont ’d ) I know you 'il take care of he . then Chris watch Linda walk past he until she reach the partly open door and go out 57 . Chris remain alone . after a while , he turn and look at Christopher . the boy 's sleep on the sofa under the message Chris cover up . Chris look at he son . it 's a moment during which CHRIS take the measure of the risk the program run for they against how he and christopher 's live can be improved by it . Chris watch he son sleep . then Chris step over to the kitchen phone . in time there , he 's place a call and keep he voice pretty low so he do not wake he son . twistle ( 0.s. ) hello ? CHRIS hello . it 's Chris gardner . twistle ( 0.s. ) hi , Chris . CHRIS I call to thank you again for invite I in . twistle I respond to you determination , Chris . CHRIS I appreciate it . jay ? twistle yeah . time pass . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) I have be real pleased to be in the program . twistle that 's good , Chris . close on CHRIS on the phone ; he 's expression show some uncertainty over what they future hold . ext . apartment parking lot - day on another day , Chris and he acquaintance Wayne load Chris 's scanner from Chris 's old apartment into Wayne 's car . 58 . CHRIS ( urging Wayne to slow down ) careful . wayne what ? CHRIS be careful . Chris load one in . then he and Wayne enter the car . Christopher 's in the back seat . the car pull out , then head directly across the street to a motel lot . int . motel room - day Christopher eat cereal at the small kitchen dining table . they be in a residence motel room now with fewer furnishings . Chris enter the room . CHRIS ( with a great deal of fatherly enthusiasm ) hey , it 's Saturday ! christopher yeah ! CHRIS ( same enthusiasm ) let 's go play some basketball ! christopher yeah . CHRIS then go sell a bone density scanner ! Chris leave . Christopher remain at the table , puzzle over the last part . ext . playground , san francisco - evening Chris have take Christopher to a park basketball court in the middle of the city . Christopher take a shot , miss and hit a scanner that rest near the court . CHRIS ( quietly ) shit ... 59 . Chris get the ball . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) try not to hit that . okay ? christopher okay . Chris dribble the ball , smile . christopher ( cont ’d ) I be go pro . CHRIS ( watch Christopher for a stretch ) yeah , I do not know . Chris be not smile now . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) ( kindly ) come here . listen . Christopher walk over . Chris look at he . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) ( kindly ) ) you x11 probably be about as good as I be . that 's the way it work . and I be below average , so you 'il probably ultimately rank somewhere around there . around average . Christopher listen ; he eye be a little wider now with the new set of fact . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) you x11 excel at a number of thing . not this , though . so I do not want you out here day and night , bounce this ball . okay ? christopher okay . a couple moment pass . christopher ( cont ’d ) why do we move to a motel ? CHRIS because I be get a better job . 60 . Christopher make a curious expression ; he 's a smart child and do not add that up . Chris look down at he . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) you have to trust I . christopher I trust you . CHRIS ( look at he watch ) it 's time to go . they head off the court . Christopher 's trail . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) come on . keep up . christopher when 's Mom come back ? CHRIS I do not know ... int . CITY train , moving , san francisco - later early Saturday , Chris and he son be the only one in the train car . they ride through the city with the scanner between they . ext . oakland - later Chris and he son walk through a oakland business district the street be pretty quiet still ; Chris carry he scanner . ext . check cash store , oakland - later Chris have sell the scanner . he cashes a check at the counter while Christopher wait beside he . Christopher 's check out some Clark candy bar for sale on the counter . he do not say anything though . Chris see he . CHRIS ( to Christopher ) do you want one ? Christopher nod . Chris face the clerk again and point to the candy bar . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) one of this , please . 61 . ext . mrs . chus daycare - day Morning , Chris wear a new suit and part company with Christopher outside daycare right under the word happyness . CHRIS I 'il see you after school . christopher you be go to get I ? CHRIS yeah . I be go to get you . Christopher head inside . Chris stand under the word happyness , look at he go . int . CITY bus , moving - later ( morning ) Chris be dress in the new suit ; he ride the bus along the bay as the sun rise . ext . dean witter build / STREET financial district - later Office manager alan frakesh , 38 , lead the entire group of twenty Dean witter intern , include Chris , from the Dean witter building toward some destination across the street ; each be clean - cut and fresh -look . the group reach a busy corner where three street intersect . frakesh gesture to a number of skyscraper visible around they . frakesh mehvney industrial and sanco oil have the twelve hundred building . Lee - Ray shipping be across the street . Chris listen ; he 's glance at the size of the skyscraper . frakesh ( cont ’d ) in a couple week you 's 1ll get cold call sheet with the phone number of employee from the fortune 500 in the financial district . if you canvas the district you can pool from sixty fortune company . coffee and work lunch can be fun occasion to familiarize possible client with we package . we need you to bring they in . Match they need and goal to a package . and sign they up . 62 . int . conference room , dean witter - later Chris and the other intern sit around a conference table . frakesh distribute pretty thick textbooks . frakesh the board examination be not just a simple pass fail . it 's a evaluatory tool we use to separate applicant . frakesh check he watch . frakesh ( cont ’d ) okay . five minute break . back at two . ext . dean witter build - later Chris be on break , wait to cross the broad intersection out front of the skyscraper . the first partner from Chris 's early interview have come out as well and stand beside Chris hail a cab . first partner hi ... CHRIS hi. the guy can not recall Chris 's name . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) Chris . first partner how be you do ? CHRIS I be good . thanks . first partner how 's first day ? CHRIS good. excite . first partner ( kid , look around and meaning why 's Chris outside ) you be not quit be you ? 63 . CHRIS no . five minute break . ( nodd across the street ) I be grab a candy bar . we be do board prep . first partner ( like board prep 's hard ) man . I remember mine ... while the first partner reminisc , Chris see something . CHRIS 's Pov the filipino sit across the street on a bus bench ; he 's get Chris 's scanner on he lap . from across the street , Chris look at he . first partner ( cont ’d ) : it be a hour exam . not three like yours ... CHRIS ( v.0 . ) if I sell every scanner I have , I might still come up short by the end of the program . first partner ... and we have no world market on it ... CHRIS ( v.0 . ) so I be watch a guy with my rent on he lap wait for a bus to somewhere else . Chris be focus on the filipino . he see the bus come for he a block south . first partner we do not cover tax either . it be still a pain in the ass ... CHRIS ( v.0 . ) I could not run right off while he be talk , because I have look like a freak . Chris see the bus pull up . 64 . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) but the bus be come . CHRIS ( to the first partner ) well , I be down to two minute . on my break . first partner yeah , frakesh be a prick about it , too , I bet . CHRIS it 's my first day , so ... first partner okay , get go . Chris begin to cross the street . he 's get to walk , although the bus have arrive . after a moment , it clear ; the bus bench be empty . the guy have get on . Chris have to walk until he turn a corner where the bus have go . he finally do ; he 's out of sight of the first partner and start to run . int . CITY bus , moving - same the filipino sit near the window . he have the scanner . at that moment , Chris catch up to the bus and come into view , run up alongside the guy 's window . it 's at this point that CHRIS get hit by a car . filipino guy whoa .... ext . STREET - same Chris lay on the pavement in the middle of the city street his eye be open , but he seem stunne . Cars come right at he . spanish guy hey , asshole . a spanish guy haul Chris up to a knee then quickly over the few foot to the sidewalk as a car swerve by . spanish guy ( cont ’d ) be you all right , man ? fuck. 65 . CHRIS ( stand now , come around further ) yeah ... spanish guy what be you do ? I could have kill you . the guy 's car be pull over behind they ; he 's the driver who strike Chris . spanish guy ( cont ’d ) be you okay ? CHRIS yeah . spanish guy what be you do ? CHRIS I be try to catch the bus . spanish guy you be all right ? CHRIS yeah . they stand around there for a while . spanish guy Gross , man . you thumb . man , gross . CHRIS ( not follow the guy ) what ? spanish guy you get a fuck up thumb . Chris 's thumb stiffly point opposite the way it ought to . spanish guy ( cont ’d ) man , you thumb 's fuck up . CHRIS ( notice it ) yeah ... after a moment , Chris start to walk away . 66 . spanish guy hey . CHRIS what ? spanish guy where be you go ? CHRIS work . spanish guy we should wait for the cop . CHRIS I be on a five minute break . I have like a minute leave . spanish guy you get hit by a car . go to the hospital . CHRIS I can not . I be in a competitive internship at Dean witter . Chris wave then begin to run back the way he come . int . conference room , dean witter - later Chris hustle back into the conference room . the other intern be all seat and work from they textbooks . Chris take he seat ; he pick up he pencil to write , even though that thumb 's point in a different direction than everyone else 's . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) this part of my life be call ... CHRIS ( privately , flex he hand ) ow ... fuck ... CHRIS ( v.0 . ) ... intern . show up early . int . MAIN office , dean witter - morning early , the wide office space of open desk be empty except for Chris and he twenty intern competitor , read early market chart on computer . 67 . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) run with coffee ... ext . western ave , financial district - day on another day , Chris be dress for work and run awkwardly up a financial district sidewalk with a carry carton full of coffee ; he spill on he wrist CHRIS fuck ... CHRIS ( v.0 . ) favor for frakesh . we office manager . all day . int . cubicle row , dean witter - day Chris sit at the end of a cubicle row of intern make cold call from a employee sheet mark Pacific transportation . he 's get Marshall slauson : billing circle in red . CHRIS ( with a pretty fast rhythm ) we office be a block from Pacific . I have be glad to come over and share we information with you . even the eight hundred dollar from you profit share , if that 's all you move into the market yearly -- ( listen ) sure ... ( listen ) you have my number . ( listen ) call I with any question , Mr. slauson . anytime . Alan frakesh walk up to Chris 's desk . alan who want to get I a doughnut ? he 's look at Chris . so Chris have to get up . ext . western avenue , financial district - later Chris run up the same coffee-spilling sidewalk , hold a doughnut . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) stay late . 68 . int . cubicle row , dean witter - later Chris be on the cold call phone again . there 's all kind of cold call chatter from the intern around he . CHRIS even the four hundred dollar from you pension can accrue to three time -- ( listen ) accrue mean add up . quickly . into more money . ext . dean witter build - later at day 's end , the intersection before the skyscraper be mostly quiet ; CHRIS , though , have left the skyscraper and sprint across it . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) then catch a a train by six . int . CITY train , moving - later Chris ride the train . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) then the crosstown . int . CITY bus , moving - later Chris ride east through San Francisco . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) to the blue line . int . CITY train - moving Chris be on another el . CHRIS ( v.o . the twenty - two int . CITY bus , moving Chris ride another bus . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) to the place they can not spell happiness . 69 . ext . mrs . chuss daycare - later Christopher wait outside the facility with Mrs. Chu under they mural . he 's the last kid . Chris run up for he . int . motel room . kitchenette - later ( night ) Chris study he textbook in they small kitchenette . Christopher 's down for the night on a cot in the live room beside he . Chris be write . his thumb 's still hurt . CHRIS ( from pain in he hand ) ah ... christopher ( meaning what 's wrong ) what ? CHRIS my thumb . christopher what happen ? CHRIS I get hit by a car . christopher where ? CHRIS on Pacific ? christopher where on you body ? CHRIS the back of my leg . I do not remember really . christopher how have you hurt you thumb then ? CHRIS I land on it . ( kindly ) go to sleep . christopher be you on the street ? 70 . CHRIS I be run on the street . yeah . christopher do not do that . you can get hurt . CHRIS ( smile ) okay ... go to sleep . Chris finish a page of he textbook . then he close it . then he open he checkbook to pay bill he 's get there . he look at the amount he 's get : $ 138.00 . Chris stare at the number for a while . he 's concerned of course . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) then eight hour later ... reverse . * the film speed up and take Chris and Christopher on a quick -motion glimpse through they many transfer through the city back to daycare and work ext . dean witter skyscraper - later Chris run up to the skyscraper for work again . int . dean witter office - day the camera track along the cubicle row where each intern sit make call . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) whoever bring in the most money after five month be usually hire . they work frantically . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) they be all work they way up call sheet to sign client . a intern scratch a name he call from the bottom of a sheet title State farm . Chris sit in the last cubicle . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) they have stay till eight , but I have Chris . I do not have the same time to work my way up a sheet . Chris look at he sheet . 71 . CHRIS 's Pov the sheet be title Bell western . the camera pan up the sheet from low level administrator title and name up to the top : walter ribbon : pension Fund manager . Chris look at the name ribbon and decide to dial it . he await a answer . secretary ( 0.s. ) walter ribbon 's office . CHRIS Chris gardner for walter ribbon . secretary ( 0.s. ) concern ? CHRIS I be call from Dean witter . secretary ( 0.s. ) just a moment . Chris , surprised he 's get through , wait by the phone . walter ribbon ( 0.s. ) hello . CHRIS hello , Mr. ribbon . this be Chris gardner . I be call from Dean witter . walter ribbon ( 0.s. ) yeah , Chris . CHRIS Mr. ribbon . I wonder if you have give I a few moment to discuss we product and how I might -- walter ribbon ( 0.s. ) can you be here in a half -hour ? CHRIS yes. 72 . walter ribbon I just have someone cancel . come now . I can give you a few minute before the Giants game . Chris be already take off . int . lobby , dean witter build - later CHRIS sprint through the busy lobby . ext . dean witter build - continuous Office manager Alan frakesh be on he way in with a cup of coffee . he encounter Chris as Chris hustle out . alan what 's up ? CHRIS hey , Alan . alan hey , man . do you have five minute ? CHRIS man , I guess . I be meeting walter ribbon at Bell western at three . alan because I have no minute . I be suppose to present commodity to bromer . could you move my car ? that would really help I out . CHRIS where be it ? alan lowery . ( point ) half block . lemon tercel . CHRIS where be I move it ? alan ( like it 's real easy ) other side of lowery . they be streetsweep . there 's space . 73 . CHRIS ( reluctantly ) all right ... Alan have hand Chris key . alan hold on to this . I have backup in my desk . Chris begin to go . alan ( cont 'd ) and you have to jimmy that . CHRIS Jimmy what ? alan you have to jimmy the key . and the other door do not unlock . Alan make a '' jimmying '' gesture to indicate what Chris need to do . alan ( cont 'd ) you have to jimmy it . lemon tercel . privately , Chris be a little more piss . ext . lowery avenue , financial district - later Chris have approach a park lemon tercel . he put the key in the driver 's door . he begin to '' jimmy '' it . it do not open . Chris mess around with it a little more . it still will not open . he look at he watch . int . walter ribbon 's office , bell western build - same Fund manager walter ribbon sit behind he desk , meeting with a couple young associate ; there 's a prominent office clock behind he read 2:42 . ext . lowery avenue - same back on lowery , Chris continue to jimmy the key in the lock . CHRIS ( frustrated , to himself ) I be jimmying it . come on . this be jimmying it . 74 . int . walter ribbon 's office - same the associate have clear out of ribbon 's office . walter do paper work at he desk . the clock behind he read 2:48 . int . alan 's tercel , moving - later Chris have finally gain entry and drive around north San Francisco , try to find parking . int . walter ribbon 's office - later walter ribbon sit at he desk . the large wall clock that loom behind he read 2:55 . ribbon wear a san francisco giant baseball cap now . ext . sierra boulevard - later Chris have pull the tercel into a metere parking space . he 's leave the driver 's side . but after he 's shut the door , he realize he 's leave he work material inside . he put the key in . the door will not unlock , so Chris begin to '' jimmy '' it again . CHRIS shit ... int . walter ribbon 's office - same the prominent clock read 3:01 . ribbon wear the ball cap but also take a mitt from he drawer . ext . STREET , financial district - same Chris stand at the meter beside the park tercel . he 's get he work case with he and have be look through he pocket for change . he do not have any quarter . Chris look at he watch . then he look back at the meter . then he just take off . ext . sierra boulevard , financial district - later Chris run with he workbag up the Sierra boulevard sidewalk . ext . sierra boulevard - later Chris stand on the sidewalk , look around for a address he can not find . a businessman walk by . CHRIS where 's 223 east , man ? it should be right here . 75 . businessman this be 200 west . you have to cross cortez . CHRIS ( quietly ) fuck ... businessman you have to go east four block . ext . cortez STREET , financial district - later once again , Chris be run through San Francisco . int . lobby , walter ribbon 's office build - later Chris have jogge into the skyscraper lobby . he catch a elevator just as the door close ; the elevator be absolutely packed though , so much so that it 's absurd for Chris to try to enter , which out of desperation he do anyway . a maintenance worker up front push he out . maintenance worker get the fuck out of here , man . Chris step back and let the elevator go up without he . he hit the button . soon , another elevator open . Chris jump in . int . elevator - later Chris be alone in the elevator go up ; there 's easy listen come through the elevator speaker that cut across Chris 's frantic mood , so it 's a peculiar few moment . int . walter ribbons office - same walter ribbon be no longer there . there be just a empty , high - back chair behind he desk with the large clock read 3:17 hang on the wall behind it . int . reception desk , lobby , walter ribbon 's office - later as the receptionist finish a call , Chris approach she . he arrive at the desk . they look at each other . Chris smile and try to come across bright - eye . CHRIS hi , I be Chris gardner . 76 . int . elevator , walter ribbon 's office build - later Chris stand among a crowd of office - worker in a elevator that 's go down . his expression be the opposite of the one he be just make ; it 's clear he do not see walter ribbon . ext . sierra boulevard - later dispirite , Chris return to the park tercel and find a parking ticket on the windshield . int . CITY train - later later , Chris ride the metro train . pretty soon , he see office manager alan frakesh , have just board , walk down the aisle . they make eye contact . CHRIS hey ... alan hey . CHRIS why be you on the train ? alan I be just cruise up to Morgan stanley . for a presentation . parking in the financial district 's a pain in the ass . CHRIS yeah . Alan take a empty space beside Chris . alan thanks for move my car . CHRIS that 's all right . it 's on Sierra . alan ( like Sierra 's pretty far ) Sierra ? CHRIS yeah . Chris reach into he work bag . 77 . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) there be not any space around lowery . where you say . Chris take the parking ticket out . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) I miss a appointment at Bell western . with walter ribbon . walter ribbon leave . alan man ... CHRIS I be twenty - three minute late . now Chris be a little more than vaguely holding the ticket out toward alan to allow alan to assume it and the responsibility of paying for it . Alan have see the ticket but be not take it . alan tell he some Dean witter business come up . CHRIS ( piss ) okay ... alan something for a current client . that 's 11 seem industrious . CHRIS yeah ... Chris have continued to hold the parking ticket out . frakesh continue to ignore it . so Chris just reach over and put the ticket on Alan 's body . Alan , though , will not take possession of the parking ticket . he merely allow it to slide slowly down he sportcoat sleeve and come to rest on the train seat between he and Chris . he doesn ’t even acknowledge that that just happened either ; he 's just keep look straight ahead . Chris look at Alan . Alan will not make eye contact . montage what follow be a series of dissolves feature the train interior with Alan and Chris sit with the ticket equally between they . 78 . through dissolves , the passage of time be indicate by the change crowd of passenger around Chris and Alan frakesh . New rider appear and disappear . throughout the sequence , though , the ticket remain exactly between the two man . soon the train come to a stop . Alan rise . alan thanks again for move my car . Alan walk down the aisle to leave the train . he leave the ticket behind . Chris remain beside it . Alan have disembarked . the train begin move again , take Chris and he parking ticket somewhere else . then Chris put it in he workbag . int . diner , san francisco - later ( night ) Chris and Christopher sit across from one another at a booth . Chris pay the parking ticket with he checkbook CHRIS we should get home pretty soon . christopher okay . CHRIS ( kindly ) finish up . christopher okay . ( look at the checkbook ) what be you do ? CHRIS pay bill . a parking ticket . christopher you do not have a car anymore . CHRIS I know . Chris look down at he checkbook . CHRIS 's Pov the amount he 's just write as he balance be $ 64.08 Chris look at that for a while . he 's worried . 79 . CHRIS I need to take you with I to a couple doctor 's office tomorrow . okay ? for a sale call . christopher okay . CHRIS then ... possibly ... we will go toa baseball game . possibly . okay ? christopher ( pleased ) yeah ... CUT to : int . bus , suburb - later it 's a jarring cut because for the first time , the set be not the city . Chris and Christopher ride in the bus together . they 're wearing brand new san francisco giant baseball cap so fresh there brim aren ’t bent . Chris have a scanner with he . out the window pass spread out suburban home and tree . ext . suburban town - later later , Chris and Christopher , in they fresh cap , walk past suburban house . christopher I do not understand . CHRIS you do not understand what ? christopher be we go to the game ? CHRIS we be possibly go to the game . do you know what possibly mean ? christopher like probably . CHRIS no ... possibly mean we might , we might not . probably mean there 's a good chance we be go . 80 . christopher okay . CHRIS ( testing he ) what do probably mean ? christopher it mean there 's a good chance . CHRIS what do possibly mean ? christopher I know what it mean . CHRIS what ? christopher it mean we be not go to the game . Chris laugh . he look at he son for a while . CHRIS how have you get so smart ? christopher because you be smart . Chris smile . they fall silent and keep walk . after a while , Chris 's expression shift to doubt and concern whether he son 's really right about that ext . suburban home - later Chris have knock on the door of a large private home . Christopher wait beside he . soon , walter ribbon answer the door . CHRIS Mr. ribbon ? walter ribbon yes . CHRIS I be Chris gardner . ribbon 's wear a Giants cap as well . 81. CHRIS ( cont ’d ) Dean witter . walter ribbon hi ... what be you do up -- CHRIS I come to apologize for miss we appointment . walter ribbon you do not need to come up . CHRIS I want to thank you for you time . you probably wait for I . walter ribbon a little bit . CHRIS I do not want you to think I take that for grant . walter ribbon ( nodd at the scanner ) what 's that ? CHRIS a acro density scanner . I sell they before I begin at Dean witter I have a few remain on a sale lease . I have a appointment . after the game . walter ribbon you guy be go to the game ? CHRIS yeah . this be my son Chris . walter ribbon we be go too . I be take my son Tim . my sixteen - year-old . we be just leave . ( call back into the house ) Tim . Chris wait in the doorway . he begin to go . CHRIS well , we 'il leave you alone . I be sorry about yesterday . it just be not enough time to finish my work and get across the district . I be eager , and probably too optimistic about get over there . walter ribbon I appreciate that . Chris wave goodbye . he begin to leave with Chris . some time pass as they walk farther away from ribbon . walter ribbon watch Chris and he son walk off and approach a car on the streetside that be not Chris 's . walter ribbon hey . Chris seem relieved . he turn . walter ribbon ( cont ’d ) you guy want to come with we ? Chris look at ribbon ; a ballgame trip with ribbon be what he be try to pull off by coming out . CHRIS to candlestick ? walter ribbon yeah . we be go now . come with we . where be you seat ? CHRIS Upper deck . walter ribbon we have a box . come on . ( to Christopher ) do you want to sit in a box ? Christopher think about it for a while . christopher ( plainly ) no. CHRIS ( to he son ) it 's not a actual box . 83. CHRIS ( cont would ) it 's a close off area . it 's more comfortable . christopher okay . Chris look at ribbon and smile . CHRIS yeah , that would be great . walter ribbon ( call back to the house ) Tim ! Chris have come over to walter 's car . he 's start to enter with he scanner . walter ribbon ( cont ’d ) why do not you just put that in you car ? Chris look over at the strange car he be just pretend to enter ; he look at ribbon for a while , try to come up with something . then he doe something pretty weird . CHRIS ah ! walter ribbon ( meaning what happen ) what ? CHRIS I just get stung by a bee . ribbon look at Chris . he do not see any bee anywhere . it function as enough of a subject change though that ribbon open he driver 's door without bring up the scanner again . so Chris be able to get in the car without deal with the issue . int . walter ribbon 's car , moving - later Chris ride in the passenger seat . ribbon 's drive they toward San Francisco . walter ribbon be you okay ? CHRIS yeah . 84 . walter ribbon you be not allergic or anything ? CHRIS no ... walter ribbon where do it get you ? CHRIS like ... back of my head . no one speak for a little while . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) Thomas jefferson mention happiness a couple time in the declaration of Independence . CUT to : the declaration of independence close on the phrase effect they safety and happiness . close on the phrase road to happiness . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) it may seem like a strange word to be in that document . but he be sort of ... he be a artist . ext . stadium parking lot - later Chris and he son be in the midst of a Bell western tailgate party . Christopher play with some of the young kid in the party . Chris sit on a lower tailgate of a suv , drink soda . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) he call the English , '' the disturber of we harmony . '' and I remember sit there that day think about the disturber of mine . close on CHRIS as he consider . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) Mrs. chu. running . Christopher maybe go with Linda to Los Angeles . that idea . 85 . Christopher run around in the grass lot . Chris watch he . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) my bent thumb . when Chris lift he soda , we see he wayward thumb . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) I sit on the tailgate of someone 's truck for forty minute because of the lack of a actual bee sting on the back of my head . I could not get up and get a hot dog . and I be pretty hungry . and I think about all this . Chris look at something significant . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) but walter ribbon and he Bell western pension money , which be million , be a way to leave it behind . CHRIS 's Pov walter ribbon speak with a group of colleague nearby . they be laugh it up with pregame good cheer . Chris look over at walter . int . corporate BOX , candlestick park , san francisco - later walter ribbon hold a conversation with other work friend in the crowded Bell western corporate box . when he have a quiet moment , Chris come up to he . ribbon turn to see Chris as he arrive . CHRIS thank you again for have we . walter ribbon that 's my pleasure , Chris . CHRIS Mr. ribbon , I have love the chance to introduce you to what Dean witter could do for you company . I have be pleased to come meet you whenever you have the chance . we can beat you arrangement with Morgan stanley . 86 . walter ribbon Chris , I do not have a notion you be a first year over there . I like you . but there 's not a chance I have let you direct we fund . that 's not go to happen , buddy . come on . relax . enjoy the game . walter have pat Chris on the shoulder kindly and walk off . Chris remain behind . ext . parking lot , candelstick park - later the ribbon and gardner part company with other Bell western corporate employee in a parking lot of candlestick . a couple of the young one exchange card with Chris . young executive ( to Chris ) give I a call . CHRIS okay . second young executive ( hand Chris he card ) Nice to meet you , Chris . Chris head off with the ribbon . the vibe here be pretty blue because CHRIS didn ’t score with ribbon the way he hoped . ext . walter ribbon 's house , suburban neighborhood - later ribbon have pull he car up to he home . the group be split up - the ribbon 's go inside and Chris and he son walk off toward the street CHRIS thank you again . walter ribbon my pleasure . the ribbon head in . Chris and Christopher walk out to the street . Chris wait there for a moment , make sure the ribbon have go into they house for sure . they have . so Chris and Christopher start walk off down the street , back to whatever bus stop bring they there . int . motel room - later ( night ) a wide shot of the gardner 's motel room get across for the first time what threadbare condition they be live in . 87 . Christopher sleep on the side of the room on a cot . Chris read a financial textbook in the kitchenette . the scanner stack of four be visible in the frame . the image become still , like the still image used in the beginning of the picture . what follow be a series of this still photograph of the same set . in each of they , Christopher sleep and Chris sit in different position around the kitchen table , study . but in each passing picture there be one fewer scanner until none remains . ext . motel office , motel - day on another day , after work , Chris have take he mail from he slot . he 's check out something that 's get he worried . he 's open the letter . Christopher hang around in the distance . CHRIS 's Pov the header read IRS . the section beneath it read ... immediate payment of full balance of $ 645.14 . the IRS will effect garnishment of wage from you employer .... Chris stare at the letter like it bear a unexpected , critical difficulty . int . motel room - later ( night ) Chris be back in the set of the still photo . he 's write this check at the kitchen table . Christopher sleep . the scanner be all gone . Chris look up after finish the check . he 's grow deeply concerned . ext . STREET corner , san francisco - day on a day off , Chris have catch up with he acquaintance Wayne outside a city grocery . CHRIS do you have the fourteen dollar man ? wayne I think I do not owe you that now . CHRIS why ? wayne why what ? 88 . CHRIS why do you think that ? wayne I help you move . CHRIS you drive I across kelsey Street . that 's five yard . Wayne . fuck . it 's be four month . come on man . Christopher have come out of the market and join they . he start walk off with he dad . christopher be we go to school ? CHRIS it 's Saturday . christopher be we sell machine ? CHRIS there 's none leave . we have to meet someone . int . diner , san francisco - later Chris and Christopher have meet one of the young executive from bell western and he young daughter for lunch . Chris be show the young man a investment graph . CHRIS how much be you put in you pension ? young executive all of it . CHRIS well , here 's what it could look like if you put a quarter in a index . Chris hand the guy the graph . young executive ( check he watch ) Chris , I have to run . do you want to finish up later this week ? 89 . CHRIS yeah . Ben want to meet , too . you colleague ? young executive yeah . Ben March . you want to all just get together ? CHRIS that would be great . if there 's anybody else at Bell western that would like to sit down , let I know . int . register , diner - later Chris , with he son , pay at the register . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) there be a month leave in the program . I be break . ext . STREET , san francisco - later Chris have come outside with Christopher . they be about to cross the street to they residence motel . but Chris see something that make he keep from go . CHRIS 's Pov Chris can see in the open door of he motel room . the motel manager 's in there , put Chris 's clothes into Chris 's suitcase . Chris stare at he . CHRIS ( to Christopher ) let 's go for a walk . after a moment , they head off another direction . ext . CITY park - later Chris sit off to the side of a sand box area where Christopher play with some other kid . Chris seem pretty distress . a while go by . then CHRIS catch sight of something . he 's see , vaguely , a couple block up ahead , the filipino walk across a intersection with he scanner . 90 . Chris look in that direction , though the guy 's slip from sight . then Chris look over at Christopher who he do not want to leave . then look back the two block away where the guy 's go off to . then Chris pick Christopher up . ext . STREET , san francisco - later Chris run with Christopher . ext . wharf , san francisco - later the guy 's sit on a bench at the end of the wharf . soon Chris come up to it ; he see that he can walk now because there 's nowhere else for the guy to go . close on the guy , he 's get he eye close . CHRIS hi ... Chris have walk up beside he . the guy look at Chris for a while . filipino guy ( calmly ) hey , time man. CHRIS hey ... Chris stand there for a while with he son . CHRIS where do you find it ? fillipino guy train platform . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) ( nodd at the scanner ) that 's break , right ? filipino guy yeah . CHRIS do you have all the piece ? 91 . filipino guy yeah . as Chris look on , the guy take a couple stray piece from he coat pocket . he hand they to Chris . CHRIS I have to go away to fix it . okay ? filipino guy okay . he look at Chris . filipino guy ( cont ’d ) you x11 come back ? CHRIS yeah ... Chris start to go . filipino guy because I want to go back to the fifty , man . when I be thirty three , man . that 's what I want to do . CHRIS okay . filipino guy when I have all my day ahead , man . CHRIS okay . filipino guy I want to see jimi hendrix do that guitar on fire . they look at one another . filipino guy ( cont ’d ) bring my time machine back . Chris wave , then turn and start to leave with he machine . int . CITY train , moving - later Chris and he son ride on the train with the scanner . 92 . int . doctor 's office - later Chris sit in a doctor 's office wait area , wait for the chance to sell the machine . Christopher sit beside he , read . then the receptionist come in from the inner - office . receptionist Chris , Dr. telm 's not go to be able to get back from the hospital . Chris try not to come off dishearten . CHRIS okay ... int . CITY train , moving - later Chris and Christopher take the train elsewhere . christopher where be we go ? CHRIS to Dr. strauk 's . christopher I be tired . CHRIS I know ... Chris look worried he can not sell he machine . the train come to a stop . Chris pick the scanner up . int . dr . strauk 's office - later Chris speak with a doctor in he meeting room . Chris have just try to fire up the machine , but it 's not work . CHRIS it 's not ... ( to himself ) fuck ... ( aloud again ) ... function right now . there be a issue with the light that I try to -- dr . strauk just see I next quarter , Chris . I be go to put some money into the office . 93 . Chris nod . int . CITY train , moving - later the train come back the other way . Chris and he son ride in it . he still have the equipment with he . Christopher 's fall asleep . ext . residence motel - later ( evening ) it 's night now . Chris and Christopher walk up to they motel door . there 's a large piece of luggage leave outside . Chris look at it . then Chris try he key in the lock . it do not work . Chris stand there for a while . more time pass . then he lift the luggage . CHRIS come on . christopher ( grow upset ) where be we go now ? CHRIS Christopher . christopher I do not want to go . Christopher 's wear out . he slump down to stay right there . CHRIS come on , hon . christopher I do not want to . Chris lift he up . ext . apartment doorway , san francisco - later ( night ) it 's later now . Chris knock on the door . no one answer . CHRIS ( knock again ) Wayne ! Chris keep knock . he wait for a answer . none come . 94 . int . CITY train station , san francisco - later ( night ) Chris and he son stand with Chris 's thing in front of the station sign that give commuter a choice for train north or south . Chris be look at the sign . christopher where be we go ? Chris stare up at the sign a while longer . CHRIS I do not know . then Chris walk over and sit on a rest bench in the station lobby . there 's no one else there . it 's dark outside . soon , Christopher come over and sit beside Chris . a pretty long time go by . christopher that 's not a time machine . Chris be not listen . christopher ( cont ’d ) that 's not a time machine . CHRIS what ? christopher like that guy say . CHRIS what guy ? christopher that guy say it 's a time machine . Chris look at he son . CHRIS yeah , it be . christopher ( smile ) no , it 's not . CHRIS you push that black button . then you use you imagination . 95 . christopher okay . CHRIS be you go to do it ? christopher yeah . CHRIS where be we go to go ? christopher I do not know . CHRIS let 's just push the button and see . christopher okay . Christopher push the black button . CHRIS Close you eye . Christopher do . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) open they . he do . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) whoa ... christopher what ? CHRIS dinosaur . christopher ( look around ) yeah ... Christopher begin to stand up . CHRIS ( stop he ) watch out . 96 . christopher what ? CHRIS do not step in the fire . when you be a caveman , you need that fire . there 's no electricity . it 's cold out here . Chris put he hand up like he 's warming they in they fire . Christopher do it too . then Chris rise . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) okay . it 's late . let 's go in we cave . the idea 's excited Christopher . Chris have nodd over at the station bathroom . he begin to take they stuff over there . soon , he arrive at the bathroom door . Christopher 's behind he . christopher can we stay here all night ? for real ? Chris look at the room . CHRIS yeah ... the two of they walk into the bathroom . the door lock . int . bathroom - later Christopher 's asleep , lay on Chris . Chris be wide awake . he 's lay with he back against the wall . someone start making noise outside , lock gate . Christopher start stir . CHRIS ( whisper ) hey . christopher what ? CHRIS go to sleep . 97 . christopher ( squirming , try to get comfortable ) what ? CHRIS you get to shush . shush . christopher I do not want to play anymore . CHRIS honey , you have to be quiet . come on . christopher ( thrashing around ) I do not want to play , papa . CHRIS Christopher , sleep . Chris hold Christopher tighter as a mean to quiet he . Christopher become quiet . his eye stay close . Chris remain awake ; he 's lay against the wall , look at the door . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) come on . sleep . Christopher 's stop stir . Chris keep look at the door . int . elevator , dean witter build - day in the morning , Chris ride up the work elevator . he 's hold he thing . the door open . jay twistle enter . they see one another . twistle ( glad to see he ) hey . CHRIS ( smile back ) hi , jay . Chris hold he suitcase ; he 's be make uncomfortable by jay 's presence . twistle how be you get along ? 98 . CHRIS great . twistle you be do good ? CHRIS yes . how be you do ? twistle I be do great . some moment pass . then Chris gesture with he bag . CHRIS I be go to Sacramento . I be try to move some guy from Bell western over to we . we be golf . twistle awesome . int . conference room , dean witter - later Chris be alone in the wide conference room ; he 's be work on the scanner . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) I could sell this soon . if I could fix it . I could take the day off and sell this . Chris press the black activation button . nothing happen . Chris look down at the machine . CHRIS fuck ... he just stand there for a while . int . san francisco CITY shelter - later two female city shelter worker hold a conversation in the lobby of a city shelter . then a assistant enter the lobby from outside . assistant ( to the older shelter worker ) someone 's ask for you . he 's outside . 99 . ext . san francisco CITY shelter - same Chris , in he professional clothing , wait outside the shelter door on the city sidewalk . the older CITY shelter worker come out to meet he . shelter worker hi. CHRIS hi. can I speak to you for a moment ? shelter worker sure . they stand there for while , because Chris have difficulty get to it . shelter worker ( cont ’d ) do you want to make a donation ? CHRIS I actually want to ... Chris do not finish right off . he wait there a long time . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) I want a room . he 's hold the scanner CHRIS ( cont ’d ) until I can fix and sell this . there 's some glass work that -- shelter worker yeah , listen . yeah . we do not need reason . CHRIS ( feel like he must explain ) it get catch in the train . shelter worker yeah . CHRIS I have a son . he 's five . we need to stay . she 's become quiet . 100 . shelter worker ( with sympathy ) listen . no kid . we do not have liability . we can not take child . Chris listen . shelter worker ( cont ’d ) go to almont Church . they building book up at five . it 's first come . there 's a line . Polk and denn . Chris nod he thanks then take off run again . int . CITY train , moving - later Chris have retrieve Christopher from daycare . they ride the train . ext . shelter , san francisco - later outside the three - story church shelter building , a rougher - look building , street people of different age , mostly man , have form a line onto the sidewalk . Chris wait with Christopher toward the front of the line . the guy in front of Chris talk with a a large guy who 's come up to he . the large guy 's not in line ; he 's just stand around in the area in front of Chris . soon , a pastor come out from the doorway . pastor ( to the line of man ) four leave . there 's four more . Chris see he 's fourth in line . he seem relieved until the large guy sidestep in front of he like he be naturally there . Chris stare at he for a while . he 's wait , maybe for the guy to leave , maybe for the guy to realize he mistake . but the guy do not leave . CHRIS hey , man . the guy do not do anything . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) hey , come on . large guy come on what ? 101 . CHRIS come on , man . just fuck ... you cut . large guy back up . this guy elbow Chris back . CHRIS you cut . then he shove Chris . large guy back the fuck up . Chris have be startle by the violence he 's use . Christopher look on ; he 's scared . Chris seem scared , too . but he shove the guy . then Chris hold he around the head , bend he and take he to the ground . they start fight down there while the line scatter then start cheer they on . pastor out of the line ! the pastor have come out from the shelter . he yank Chris off the larger man . pastor ( cont 'd ) both of you . out of the line . they be on they foot now , but neither of they move . pastor ( cont 'd ) get out ! homeless man he slice in front of he . a guy farther back in line have speak up . homeless man ( cont ’d ) ( to the pastor ) he slice in front of he in line . pastor who do ? the homeless guy do not want to say it out loud . he nod at the larger man . 102 . CHRIS ( to the pastor ) I get here first . Chris be catch he breath . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) I be here first . the pastor look at Chris . then he look at Christopher . Chris look at the pastor with the clearest communication of desperation he 's show yet CHRIS ( cont ’d ) I come from my job . we get here . we get in line . this guy just come up . he shove in front . I go and get my son and we get here . we be here on time . someone tell I we have to be here on time . we be on time . the pastor stare at he for a while . pastor all right . ( to the large man ) get out of line , rodney . the large man shuffles off . Chris take he place in the line again . Chris try to calm himself . Christopher 's hold onto he arm now because he 's freak out . then Chris notice he dress shirt 's rip . CHRIS ( quietly ) fuck ... int . shelter room - later the room be small and real basic . there 's a wood desk and a bed . it 's dark . Chris light a candle . christopher why do not we have light ? CHRIS it 's two dollar for electricity . we need breakfast tomorrow . come on . let 's get wash . they have come into the small bathroom . Christopher 's take off he shirt . Chris run water from the sink over a cloth . 103 . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) can you stand up here ? christopher yeah ... Chris pick he son up . he stand he on the low counter beside the sink . he begin to wash he with the cloth . time pass . CHRIS what 's you favorite color ? I be wonder about that . christopher Green . CHRIS what do you like that 's green ? christopher tree . CHRIS anything else ? christopher Holly . CHRIS the Christmas stuff ? christopher yeah ... CHRIS that 's good . Chris wash Christopher with the rag ; he 's feel some pain in that hand . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) ( to himself , quietly ) damn , man ... christopher what ? CHRIS ( quietly ) I think I break my other thumb . 104 . Chris do not say anything else . he keep wash Christopher up . int . shelter room - later Christopher lay in the bed . Chris sit on the edge , put he to bed . CHRIS I have to go sit in the hall and fix this , okay ? Chris have nodd at the bust scanner that rest nearby . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) I 'il be right out there . i’1l leave the door open a little . christopher okay . Chris rise . he head for the light common hallway . he turn back because he want to reassure Christopher . CHRIS I be just go to be right out here . christopher okay . I trust you . Chris look at he son ; he smile , wave , then take the scanner out to the hallway . ext . hallway , shelter - later Chris sit on the hallway floor near the open door of he room . he 's use the hallway light to help he repair he scanner . he 's become frustrated by a part that will not function as a boarder in a old army jacket walk by . CHRIS ( to the scanner ) you fuck piece of shit . guy what do you call I ? CHRIS not you . this . Chris have he hand on the scanner . the guy look at Chris for a while . then he walk off . 105 . Chris try to rig the thing another way . it fail as well . then he get up . he go into he room . he 's go for a moment , then he come out to the hallway again with one of he financial textbooks . he 's take a seat beside the scanner . he start to do he work out there . then the light go dead . man 's voice ( 0.s. ) light out . int . CHRIS 's shelter room - later it 's pretty dark in they room . Chris sit near the window , try to read he book by the streetlight come in . he stop . he stare at the room . before long , he start to break up . he seem to be lose it like he lose it in the apartment - painting scene , but this time he can not make any noise . his feeling this time just take the form of silent , anguish cry . then Christopher , who 's apparently awake in bed across the room , ask he something . christopher how be you go to tie you tie ? CHRIS ( do not catch all of it ) what ? christopher how be you go to tie you tie ? with you hand hurt ? CHRIS I 'il get it do . christopher no way . CHRIS i’1l get it do . go to sleep . christopher no way . that 's why animal can not make tool . because of no thumb . CHRIS go to sleep . the sooner you get to sleep , the short the night 'il be . Christopher do not say anything else . Chris lean against the wall by the window . he 's exhaust . after a while , he look back at he book 106 . int . shelter room - morning in the morning , Chris sit on the bed , nearly dress for work . Christopher 's with he , help he get he tie tie properly . CHRIS be it through the middle ? christopher yeah ... int . radio shack , san francisco - later at the register , Chris be show the clerk a mini light bulb and transmitter . CHRIS one of this . clerk six week . CHRIS ( upset about that delay ) for a k transmitter ? and a bulb ? Christopher 's look at a video game shelf . clerk ( cont ’d ) yeah . that be English . six week . CHRIS ( upset at the delay ) do you have a Thompson wire ? clerk that will not work . CHRIS yeah , it will . we use they in the navy to send the same electrical weight . let I try it . the guy enter the number . clerk ( cont ’d ) Three week . Chris take the news in . 107 . ext . STREET , san francisco - later Chris walk with Christopher . he 's dress for work , but he 's carry he suitcase ; Christopher have a bookbag . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) you be not able to leave you belonging behind . ext . dean witter build , san francisco - later Chris approach the lobby of Dean witter for work ; he 's still get he luggage . he encounter another young Bell western executive paul go in . CHRIS hi , Paul . paul ( greeting he ) what 's happen , Chris ? Paul take notice of the stuff Chris hold . paul ( meaning what 's he get that stuff for ) what 's up ? CHRIS work trip . they enter the building . int . conference room , dean witter - later Chris and Paul sit together at the conference table . CHRIS you wife work at Bell western , too , right ? paul yeah . CHRIS well , then you should use the pension . because you be pay tax twice . paul for real ? 108. CHRIS yeah ... because you be use you taxable income ... CHRIS ( v.0 . ) I be able to finish this stuff pretty quickly . Chris have place income amount in different section on he paperwork . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) the math . I have to finish quickly . to get to the altmont room by five . Chris look up at a wall clock that read 4:30 . ext . dean witter build - later Chris sprint away from the skyscraper . int . CITY train , moving - later Chris ride the train . int . CITY bus , moving - later Chris ride the bus . int . CITY train - moving Chris be on another el , tapping the window glass from adrenaline . ext . king STREET - later Chris and Christopher hustle with they thing up San Francisco 's King Street , toward a bus stop . ext . bus bench , san francisco - later they sit on a sidewalk bench wait for the bus . there 's a wide public clock behind they . it read 4:50 . Chris tap he foot like he 's frantic . there be other wait . the bus come . Chris rise quickly . CHRIS let 's go . Christopher 's preoccupy by a kid 's book he 's read . 109 . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) let 's go ! christopher I want to read this . CHRIS on the bus . christopher just this part . CHRIS goddamnit . get up ! come on ! it 's hurt Chris to talk to he son this way . when Christopher catch up to he , they find the bus so full there 's not room for all the commuter wait on the sidewalk . Chris be shoulder to shoulder with a older lady . he jockey he arm past she to get a front position . a young guy in a suit 's watch . guy why do not you let the lady on ? Chris do not respond . guy ( cont 'd ) man , that 's not cool . Chris try to ignore the guy . guy ( cont 'd ) that 's not cool . let the -- CHRIS why do not you get the fuck away from I ! the guy 's be startle . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) get the fuck away from I . right now . Chris get Christopher up into the bus ; he follow he on . ext . STREET , san francisco - later outside of the almont church shelter building , Chris and Christopher , in the front of the line , get accept inside for a open room . 110 . ext . church shelter , san francisco - later it 's evening now . Chris and he son sit under a streetlight on the stoop of the shelter building . Chris read he textbook . up the street , prostitute stand on the corner . Chris look at Christopher for a while . the boy seem real calm and more or less content . Chris keep look at he . CHRIS you be a good boy . Christopher look over at he . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) you be a wonder . you know ? Christopher smile . christopher can I look at that fire truck ? CHRIS yeah . Christopher head off down the sidewalk where some firemen repair a hydrant . they truck 's park there . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) just do not bother they . Chris watch he go . then Chris look back at he book for a while . prostitute get you kid some dinner . Chris turn and see a prostitute have come up to he . she 's hold out a five dollar bill . CHRIS ( decline ) that 's okay . they have dinner here . prostitute get he dessert . CHRIS that 's fine . prostitute do you think this be dirty money ? 111. CHRIS ( smile ) I do not think there 's any such thing . I just do not want he to see I take money . he think I know what I be do . she put the bill away . Chris check on Christopher . Christopher look over at they from down the sidewalk . he make eye contact with he dad . then he wave hello with he good nature like he be wave from a carousel . int . mess hall , shelter - later the room be full of cafeteria table . forty or so man eat in scattered position around the room . Chris sit at a table with he son . they do not talk for a while . christopher who call you ten gallon head ? CHRIS what ? christopher you say they call you that . who call you that ? CHRIS my aunt . some teacher . christopher because you like to read ? CHRIS yeah . and do puzzle . math . christopher what do you read ? CHRIS I read about people 's life . biography . you know what that be ? christopher book about people 's life ? Chris nod . CHRIS I like to read about interesting life . cool life . 112 . christopher like whose life ? CHRIS mile Davis . I do not know . Thomas jefferson . Christopher Columbus . christopher who 's Thomas jefferson ? CHRIS President . architect . musician . he write the declaration of Independence . christopher what 's that about ? CHRIS it 's about ... I do not know . it 's about people try to be free , so they can try to be happy . christopher what instrument do he play ? CHRIS the violin . I think . or the cello or something . I do not really remember . Chris look at Christopher as he return to he meal . int . conference room , dean witter - day the twenty intern sit around the table in the large witter conference room . they be take a time exam . a proctor sit up front . soon , a male intern stand up and head for the proctor to turn in he test . some other look up - they be struggle and be piss the assure male intern have finish already . but as this male intern walk to the door Chris stand up ; he 's finish as well . the male intern look at Chris . int . elevator , dean witter build - later the two ride the elevator down together . some time pass . the first partner from CHRIS 's first interview ride behind they . 113 . intern ( to Chris ) do you finish the whole thing , or do you have to go somewhere , or ..? CHRIS I have to go somewhere . the guy nod . he seem relieved to resume believe he finish earlier than the other . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) but I finish the whole thing , too . intern ( a little bum ) oh. good. CHRIS yeah . you ? intern yeah . CHRIS what do you think of the graph ? intern easy . Chris nod . CHRIS what about the essay question ? there be a long pause . intern essay question ? CHRIS on the back . yeah . some more time pass . intern shit . the guy hit the button for the next floor . when the door open , he get off quickly . Chris remain behind ; he 's laugh . 114 . but he 's also convey the same vibe the guy be just give off - satisfaction he find the test easier than he colleague . he make eye contact with the first partner ; the partner 's look back like he find the episode tell and funny as well . ext . dean witter build - later Chris and the first partner be outside at the curb , Chris wait to cross , the partner hail a cab . a businessman pass see Chris . businessman Chris . Chris face the guy . CHRIS ( recognize he ) Jeff , right ? the Giants game ? businessman yeah . you be go to call . CHRIS I never get you number . businessman okay , man . here . the guy take a business card out businessman ( cont ’d ) call I . while the two have be talk the first partner 's be search he pocket for something . Chris have he wallet out to put the guy 's card away . first partner fuck . Chris , hey , do you have five buck ? Chris stand there for a moment first partner ( cont ’d ) my wallet 's upstairs . CHRIS ( try to keep he money ) do you want I to get it ? 115 . first partner no , I have to get to Cal Bank . at five . CHRIS yeah ... um ... first partner ( kid ) I be good for it . CHRIS ( smile along ) I know ... Chris take a five dollar bill from he wallet , leave a couple dollar leave . he hand it to the first partner . then the first partner take off for he cab . Chris stand there , watch he go off with money Chris need . int . almont church shelter - later Christopher and Chris have be admit into the shelter foyer , into a short line to sign in and pay . they be one guy back from pay . a church - worker clerk 's explain the billing to the guy ; Chris stand behind he listen . church worker two dollar to stay . two to eat . two cover electricity . Chris be hold the two dollar he 's leave with . he wait there for a while , then he look at Christopher . CHRIS be you hungry ? Christopher nod . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) do you eat at school ? christopher yeah ? CHRIS the second session ? christopher ( not follow he ) what ? 116 . CHRIS in the afternoon ? Christopher shake he head . Chris look at he . time go by . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) okay . come on . Chris lead Christopher out of the line . they head out the shelter doorway for the sidewalk . int . pizza shop , san francisco - later later , at night , Chris and Christopher sit at the window counter . Christopher 's eat a piece of pizza . Chris study . ext . train station , san francisco - later while Christopher wait , Chris pay the city station attendant with the dollar . int . CITY train , moving - later later at night , Chris and he son be among a few other folk on the train . Christopher 's coloring . Chris study he book . int . CITY train , moving - later later , Chris and he son be the only one in the car . it 's move back the other direction . Christopher 's sleep . Chris be awake . he 's look out the window again , much like he be in the picture 's early scene . ext . blood center of the pacific , shop office - day the next day , Chris leave a strip mall shop door over which a banner read blood Center of the Pacific . ext . sidewalk cafe , san francisco - later Chris meet with two professional woman at a cafe table on the sidewalk . Christopher sit at the next table , coloring . CHRIS ( to one of the woman ) how long have you be at Bell western ? first professional women eight year . 117 . CHRIS good . then you can start split into a ira for stock . first professional women I can do that already ? CHRIS you could have do it last year . first professional women great ... the second woman fold she paperwork up . second professional woman be we all set ? CHRIS yes . first professional women thanks , Chris . CHRIS thank you , Ann . they have all stand to leave one another . second professional woman have fun on you trip . Chris have pick up he suitcase he 's have with he . he wave goodbye to the depart pair of woman . Christopher 's with he now . christopher what trip ? Chris stand around there with he suitcase for a moment . CHRIS we trip uptown to Radio shack . int . radio shack , san francisco - later the clerk face the camera , hold a small electrical part and bulb out to it . clerk here 's you Thompson wire . Chris be face the guy . he take it . 118. int . train car , moving - later Chris and Christopher ride in the train together , among a lot of other work people go home . Chris hold the piece from Radio shack . christopher what 's that ? CHRIS to repair the light . christopher can I see it ? CHRIS yeah . Chris hand the bulb to Christopher . CHRIS ( calmly , smile ) do not drop it . Christopher take the piece . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) unless you want to keep live in the same room with I . christopher I do not mind . Chris smile . CHRIS you will . Christopher examine the electrical bulb . Chris look over at he . then Christopher look at he again . christopher why be I go to want my own room ? CHRIS what 's that ? christopher you say I be go to want my own room . CHRIS yeah . 119 . christopher why ? CHRIS Space . for privacy . peace . some time go by . christopher where be you go to be ? Chris look over at Christopher and smile . CHRIS next door . christopher what be I go to do in there ? CHRIS whatever you want . whatever make you happy . nap. read . dream . Christopher look back at the bulb . Chris keep look at he . ext . STREET , san francisco - later they have walk to the shelter district int . shelter room - later ( night ) Christopher 's in the one bed . Chris sit on the edge , say goodnight ; it 's dark . CHRIS i’1l see you in the morning . christopher okay . CHRIS you be warm enough ? christopher yeah ... Chris tuck he in . christopher ( cont ’d ) you be a good papa . 120 . after a while of look at he son , Chris smile . then Chris finish squaring Christopher away . then Chris take the object he buy at Radio shack and walk toward the scanner leave against the wall . int . CHRIS 's shelter room - later ( night ) in they dark room , as Christopher sleep , Chris sit by the window , try to fix the scanner by the light from the window . it 's really dark . we can hear Chris click thing into place . he 's do . he look at the machine . he get ready to press the button to test it . a long time go by . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) this part of my life ... this part be call ... Chris push the button . the machine make a activation sound , then he room get light all the way up by the bright blue light the scanner emit . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) ... happiness . ext . public square , san francisco - day Chris sit on the perimeter wall of a fountain in the public square . he 's dress for he Dean witter work . the Bell western building be beside the square . Chris hold a informal meeting with a young bell executive and a couple of he colleague . ext . dean witter build - later Chris leave Dean witter later . he 's carry he scanner int . doctor 's office , meeting room - later Chris sit across from a doctor . the scanner rest on the table between they . doctor plug it in . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) four hundred and eighteen dollar . ext . check cash store - later Chris and Christopher wait in line for the cash . 121 . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) that be go to get I through the program . all the way to the end , and then some . ext . bus bench , sidewalk , san francisco - later ( evening ) later , Chris and Christopher sit on a bus bench in a San Francisco neighborhood ; they have they belonging with they . Chris be feel a measure of relief he have not show before . christopher be we go to the church place ? CHRIS no ... christopher where be we go ? Chris think about it . CHRIS let 's go to a hotel . christopher can we go back to the cave ? Chris sit there . CHRIS no ... christopher ever ? CHRIS I do not think so . christopher why ? CHRIS because some thing be fun the first time you do they . then not so much the next time . christopher like the bus ? CHRIS yeah ... 122. 4 hey sit there for a while . the bus come . int . CITY bus , moving - later ( evening ) t 's become dark . the bus be crowded , so Chris and he son be seat close together near a lot of other stand in he aisle ; Chris be look out the window at the city go ys ext . holiday inn HOTEL , san francisco - later ( night ) taoh hris and Christopher have go up a step to the lobby ntrance of the holiday Inn San Francisco . oa h not . HOTEL room , san francisco - later ( night ) the room 's a average hotel room . a sofa 's right in the middle . the bed 's empty in the background . Chris and Christopher be asleep together on the sofa . ext . golden gate park - day the next day , Chris and Christopher sit all alone together in a really wide stretch of grass in Golden Gate Park christopher ( in the middle of a conversation ) can people climb mount everest ? CHRIS yeah . people have . christopher how high be it ? CHRIS a few mile . four mile maybe . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) the next day , I take work off , and we just go and sit in a field . christopher where be mt. everest ? CHRIS what country ? christopher yeah . 123 . CHRIS napal . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) Far away from anything . trumpet kid . guitar on fire . Ben cartwright . and my own constant , ten -year- long disappointment in my ten gallon head ... in my self . ext . public square , san francisco - day Chris sit in he now familiar spot on the fountain wall out front of the Bell western building . he 's finish signing some paper work with another young executive . CHRIS thanks , Dean . other young executive thank you , Chris . CHRIS you x11 get this back in a week . then you 'il start get statement a couple week after that . other young executive okay . thanks , Chris . take care . CHRIS take care . the guy head off back to Bell western . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) because when I be young , and I have get a a on a history test or whatever , I have get this good feel about all this thing I could be . and then I be never any of they . Chris finish up he part of the contract . CHRIS ( v.0 . ) I be gambling , during all this , that I could get back on my way to be one , which I guess would feel like happiness . before long , jay twistle walk up . 124. twistle hey . CHRIS hi , jay . twistle rumor have it you have sign thirty - one account from Bell western . CHRIS yeah ... jay smile . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) I meet some guy at a ball game . I get some card . I work they . twistle ( impressed ) I guess . they sit quietly for a moment . twistle ( cont 'd ) well , there 's a week leave before we hire from the intern group . be you get nervous ? CHRIS ( smile ) I be okay . twistle okay ... they become quiet again . then twistle offer Chris he hand . then jay twistle get up and go . Chris sit on the fountain wall by himself . int . board room , dean witter - day the same group of partner that accept Chris to the intern program sit around they conference table . after a while , Chris come in . first partner hi , Chris . CHRIS hi , Mr. keane. 125 . Chris nod hello to the other . first partner Nice shirt . CHRIS ( smile ) thanks ... first partner sit down , please . Chris sit at the end of the table . CHRIS ( smile ) I think I have wear a shirt because it 's the last day . first partner that 's good . thanks . we appreciate that . some time pass . first partner ( cont ’d ) wear one tomorrow , though . okay ? Chris look across the table at the first partner . first partner ( cont ’d ) because tomorrow 's go to be you first day . if you have like to work here as a broker . Chris do not say anything . first partner ( cont ’d ) would you like to work here ? Chris do not speak right off . he 's get himself together CHRIS yes . first partner great . we could not have be more pleased . welcome , Chris . the other have stand up to congratulate and shake hand with Chris . he 's rise as well . 126 . first partner ( cont ’d ) be it as easy as it look ? Chris take a little while to answer . CHRIS ( smile ) no ... Chris keep shaking hand around the table . int . elevator , dean witter build - later Chris ride down in a elevator crowded full of professional man and woman . Chris be in the way back , out of view of the other because he 's cry . ext . mrs . chuss daycare - later outside the building , Chris stand directly beneath the word happyness , wait for he son . Chris look real tired like one might at the end of a ordeal , but he look peaceful , too . ext . bus bench , san francisco - later they be wait for the bus together . Christopher 's coloring . Chris be just sit there . the bus come . it block they from view . after a while , it leave . the two be still sit there . christopher the bus come . CHRIS ( look over at it ) oh ... christopher do not you see it ? CHRIS no ... I be think of stuff . christopher ( meaning what be he think of ) what ? CHRIS just stuff . grown up thing . do not worry about it . 127 . Christopher look down the block at the bus . christopher do you want to run up and get it ? CHRIS no ... I do not want to run anywhere for a while . he take Christopher 's hand . he smile at he son . CHRIS ( cont ’d ) ( kid ) be you in a hurry to get somewhere ? christopher no , I do not want to run either . CHRIS okay . let 's just sit here . christopher okay . they remain there for a while , hold hand . a period of time go by while they sit together . then a scroll begin to play over the image ; it read : Chris gardner remain in San Francisco with he son . he leave Dean witter after six year to find the investment firm gardner Rich . they asset in 2005 be 184 million dollar . after Christopher 's graduation from college , Chris move he business to Chicago where he and Christopher live today . credit begin .