the hurt locker by Mark boal June 7 , 2007 shoot draft black screen Arabic man yelling over a bull-horn . title : the rush of battle be often a potent and lethal addiction , for war be a drug . - Chris hedge the loud buzz of a electric engine and the crunching of wheel traversing rough terrain . then siren , horn , shout . as the din intensify , the quote recede . fade in : ext baghdad STREET dawn - robot cam Pov a grainy , low -resolution view of a dusty dirt road . we be low , just inch off the sun-wash ground , and move fast . zooming down a street litter with the refuse of war : spend munition , rubber bit , animal waste -- all of which , from this odd , jarring perspective , look gigantic , monstrous . we approach a crumpled coke can , the white ' C 's grow enormous on the screen , fill the screen like a skyscraper , smash into the can and barrel ahead . a rag flutter , block we view , then fly away as we pop over a bump , catch air and a flash of the horizon line , bright SUN , then landing hard and continue zipping down the dusty road . CUT to : ext baghdad STREET - dawn a rush , disorderly evacuation . iraqi police and soldier herd civilian away from some unseen danger . intercut : a remote control talon robot ( about a quarter million dollar of military - grade bomb squad electronics , aka ' the bot 's ) whose SMALL video camera we have be watch , drive down the side of the road on a pair of tread . across the street , a iraqi butcher wear a bloody white smock resist be move from he outdoor stand , which consist of little more than goat carcass hang on metal hook . from all side , american military arrive in armored troop carrier , disgorge team of U.S. army infantry soldier who shout '' secure the area’ , ' watch you six , 's ' stop traffic’ , etc . title : baghdad , 2004 this be all take place in a densely populate , very noisy section of Baghdad ; the SOUND of far off gunshot and call to prayer magnify the turmoil of a metropolis in the midst of a occupation / insurgency / civil war . ext STREET dawn the butcher , furious with the way he 's be push around , be forcibly remove from he shop by several iraqi soldier . ext STREET dawn - robot cam Pov via the low - angle video camera we glimpse a herd of goat scamper through frame . burka - clad women and old men in traditional garb flee the scene . several more U.S. infantry soldier move a few straggler pedestrian away from a trash pile and the talon robot . View momentarily block by static interference . but when the screen clear , we close in on one particular trash pile top with a white plastic garbage bag . whatever it be that have everyone so afraid lie inside this bag . ext middle eastern STREET - dawn the talon robot poke around the bag and the trash pile with its mechanical vise grip . uprange next to a park humvee , three eod ( explosive ordnance disposal , aka bomb squad ) soldier crouch over a laptop computer screen show a image of the trash pile . work the joystick on the laptop be sergeant J. T. sanborn , a type - a jock , high school football star , cocky , outgo , ready with a smile and quick with a joke ... or , if you prefer , a jab to the chin . think Muhammad Ali with a rifle . sanborn I think we have touchdown . downrange the robot grind the dirt , edging closer to the bag . uprange stand near Sanborn , sergeant first CLASS matt thompson wipe the sweat on he brow . although he 's the team leader , every inch the professional soldier work a routine mission , Thompson 's normally rock - solid nerve be waver in the punish desert heat . while nibble on a snicker candy bar , Thompson glance over he shoulder note potential threat : a woman in a veil and then two male in a window - all of whom be watch he with inscrutable expression . Thompson turn back to Sanborn and the task at hand : laptop screen we glide across the pile . fly buzzing . puff of dust and flutter plastic . advance slowly , inch by inch , to the edge for we first glimpse inside the bag : a rusty artillery shell with a wire protruding from the nose cone . uprange sanborn hello mamma . Zoom in on the nose cone of the shell . thompson ( be : the robot 's camera ) push it in . sanborn I can not . thompson what do you mean - you can not ? pretend it 's you dick . sanborn how about I pretend it 's you dick ? thompson you will never get it in if you do that . let I try . a third soldier , clearly enjoy the two man he 's with , lean in for a better look . this be specialist owen eldridge , the youngest of the group , impressionable , vulnerable , yet quite capable of show surprising backbone . sanborn give I a second . thompson no . time be up . my dick . they change place . Thompson now on the control . they can see protrude from the rusty shell the tell - tale wire of a improvise explosive device ( ied ) . thompson see that ? sanborn Nice one - five-five . thompson yeah . that 's go to do some damage . sanborn ( call over he shoulder ) hey eldridge , we be go to need a charge . eldridge be already on it , approach with the four block of c4 plastic explosive . he 's do this enough to know what they need . eldridge get it . figure four block , give you about twenty pound of bang total . be we go to be far enough away ? Thompson take stock of the situation . we see the ied in the distance -- far , far away . thompson the blast be go to roll out there ( point ) the shell will probably kick out there ( point ) , and most of the shrapnel be go to rain up in a beautiful umbrella pattern . some smaller piece and shell fragment will come out this way but we will be okay if we be behind the humvee . bring the bot back and we will load up . sanborn no problem . bot be move . CUT to : downrange near plastic bag the bot dutifully make its return voyage back to the man . across the STREET a crowd of angry pedestrian be be hold in place by a few iraqi soldier , but when one soldier turn aside to help a old man , the cantankerous butcher slip past and dash back to he store . uprange eldridge clip a make-shift wagon to a hitch on the rear of the robot . Inside the wagon , he 's place a array of c4 . Sanborn ask '' ready ? , '' eldridge reply '' good to go . '' sanborn alright . wagon be set . bot move . the bot return downrange , towing the cart and a coil of unspool detonation wire , which eldridge be hold . when ... the herd of goat from earlier circle back and momentarily impede the robot . sanborn ( laugh ) goat ! blow that bastard up . downrange the robot churn down the now empty street . uprange Thompson scan he surroundings , find a third iraqi male watch he from a nearby balcony . a flicker of concern flash across he face . downrange the robot hit a bump and a rock jam in the wagon 's wheel and break the lock nut , pop the wheel and cause the whole rig to grind to a halt . uprange everyone cringe . downrange the wagon be strand . uprange Sanborn wiggle the stick . it 's not happen . sanborn wagon be have a bad day . thompson ( to eldridge ) do you build that ? eldridge no , the U.S. Army do . thompson it look like I be go down there . sanborn what , you do not like wait around this beautiful neighborhood ? Thompson ruefully toss he helmet into the truck . thompson I love it . CUT to : ext humvee moment later Sanborn unpack '' the suit . '' a state-of- the-art contraption that look like a astronaut suit and helmet cross with the michelin man . because of its weight and complexity it take two man to put it on - or one Sanborn . Sanborn kneel down and guide Thompson 's foot into the suit 's black boot , then lash up a series of velcro strap to secure the armor , like a squire work on a knight . Thompson twist to get he chest protector on . eye tight , brow furrow , squint into the far distance . that 's go to be a mean motherfucker . thompson okay . I be go to make my approach . this area look okay . no power-line . clean line of sight . if it look alright when I get down there , I be go to plug it in and we will just bip it . ( more ) thompson ( cont would ) I want they to know if they be go to leave a bomb on the side of the road , we be go to blow up they little fuck road . sanborn ready ? thompson I be craving a hamburger , be that strange ? sanborn not for you . Sanborn seal Thompson 's helmet with a glass plate while eldridge attaches a breathe hose . thompson ( headset from inside the helmet ) this be blaster one . sanborn ( into walkie ) Roger that . blaster one . you be good to go . Thompson begin the lonely walk toward the bomb . Sanborn check on the two iraqi male in the balcony by glass they with he m4 scope . scope Pov the man be smile . low threat . downrange constrain by the eighty - pound suit , sweat in he eye , Thompson lumber down the road , emit dust cloud with every step . thompson ( headset ) Nice and hot in here ... one fifty . uprange - humvee sanborn ( into walkie ) Roger that . a hundred and fifty meter . a excited , bluster young iraqi male , have just exite a nearby building , approach Sanborn with he hand extend in greeting : young man hi , where be you from ? Sanborn shake he head , raise he rifle . the young man maintain a nervous grin . sanborn no . young man California ? New York ? now they be stand close to each other . sanborn get out of here man . young man where ? sanborn this be not a fuck meet - and - greet . get out of here ! Sanborn shove the young man in the chest hard enough to nearly knock he over . sanborn go! the man skulk away , offended and confuse . eldridge -- who be about thirty foot away and inspect a burn out car -- notice this interaction out of the corner of he eye and key he walkie to Sanborn : eldridge make friend again , Sanborn ? 10 sanborn ( smile ) all day long . downrange Thompson walk on . the desert sun glint off a nearby car and momentarily bleach he mask bright white . a young girl with a infant baby in she arm appear in a far off doorway , then withdraw out of sight . uprange eldridge and Sanborn be at the ready , scan the area and watch Thompson . downrange Thompson : careful footfalls on sand . thompson ( headset ) twenty five . uprange Sanborn wearily key the walkie . sanborn ( walkie ) Roger , twenty five . you be now in the kill zone . thompson ( headset ) thanks for remind I . eldridge nod . everything progress nice and easy . downrange near plastic bag Thompson stand over the blast cap , pick they up and head for the bomb . 11 thompson ( headset ) det look okay . sanborn ( over walkie ) Roger that . Thompson carefully lay the c4 on top of the ied . thompson ( headset ) laying on the charge . ( beat ) ) good to go , come back . Thompson get up , look around at the empty road under heavy guard . the war have stop for he and he know it . Thompson begin to walk back uprange , look carefully at the ground around he . thompson ( headset ) five meter . sanborn ( walkie ) five meter , roger that . uprange Sanborn and eldridge lower they rifle . downrange near plastic bag Thompson carefully nudge a Coke can out of the way of he boot . uprange eldridge , kill time , turn to Sanborn as they both watch Thompson . eldridge hey Sanborn , you know what this place need ? 12 look around the war tear dirt street , the mud color building , and endless expanse of dust and sand . nothing but brown on brown . sanborn I be listen . eldridge grass . sanborn we gonna start we grass business ? eldridge that 's right . I be go to sell the grass -- and you be go to cut it . it 's go to be call ' Sanborn and son . 's we will be rich . sanborn I like that . crab grass , St. Augustine , I be a scholar on this shit . how about this ? you sell it -- I fertilize it . thompson o.s. ( headset ) twenty five . sanborn ( walkie ) twenty five . Roger that . eldridge squint into the sun . out of the corner of he eye he see movement in the butcher shop and raise he carbine . scope Pov the butcher be hold a cell phone . uprange eldridge hey Sanborn -- Butcher shop - two o'clock ! dude have a phone ! sanborn make he put it down -- 13 eldridge run toward the butcher shop . Sanborn raise he scope but eldridge be block he line of fire and he can not get a shot . eldridge ( shouting , wave he gun ) hey - put that down -- the butcher nod and put up he hand as if to say , ' give I a minute . 's downrange Thompson sense trouble : thompson ( headset ) why be eldridge run ? come on guy , talk to I . uprange eldridge run hard eldridge Drop the phone ! Sanborn bolt sideways , try to maneuver around eldridge to a clear sight line -- sanborn eldridge ( shouting to eldridge ) put down the cell phone ! burn he ! eldridge burn he ! eldridge , leg pump , flick the rifle safety -- butcher shop the Butcher smile . give eldridge the thumb up sign . his other hand dial the phone . uprange Sanborn sprinting but still can not find a shoot angle . eldridge be on fire : 14 eldridge sanborn drop the phone !!! get out of the way -- burn he ! ! eldridge I can't get a shot !I !!! downrange now Thompson start to run . terror in he eye . eldridge scope Pov prevented from lock aim on the butcher by two telephone poll . butcher shop the Butcher smile back at eldridge ecu : the Butcher 's eye . ecu : he thumb on send button of the cell phone . downrange Thompson run full out now when boom !! -- -- a giant billow fireball burst from the bomb -- flatten Thompson -- blood splatter the inside of he helmet . then : -- a secondary explosion erupt -- spew dust and a wave of particulate matter -- envelop eldridge and Sanborn in a coarse cloud of debris . -- we stay on the blast 's aftermath as the last dust roil out in slow motion and -- float silently over Thompson 's slain body 15 CUT to : int camp victory warehouse mortuary affayr - day a officious young mortuary affayr soldier open the wooden lid of a very white large box . Inside , wrap in plastic , be the remain of a soldier 's life : a pair of boot , a toothbrush , a comb , a american flag . Sanborn stare . struggle to find meaning in the object . now we see that he 's stand in a large warehouse , the mortuary affair office , which be fill with row and row of many other identical white box . mortuary soldier anywhere be good . Sanborn gently place Thompson 's dog tag in the box . soldier be that everything ? sanborn yeah . the white box close . latch secure the lid . and that 's that . the soldier walk away . Sanborn grip the box . he do not let go . ext camp victory day Sanborn trudge across a camp clear which be bound by the barrack and row of identical aluminum trailer . int trailer Inside a darken standard - issue military trailer Ministry be blasting , rattling the wall . Sanborn knock on the door , hear '' yeah , it 's open , come in , '' and step inside . 16 he 's greet by a man hold a roofing hammer in one hand and a cigarette in the other . this be sergeant first CLASS william jame , he new boss . Sanborn extend he hand and they shake . sanborn sergeant James ? j.t. Sanborn , my man . jame call I will . sanborn welcome to bravo company and welcome to Camp Victory . jame Camp Victory ? I think this be Camp Liberty . sanborn no , they change the name about a week ago . ' Victory 's sound better . a awkward silence ensue allow we to get a better look at James . though a former U.S. Army Ranger in he early thirty , fit and good - look , one of the lucky one , he possess a unusual demeanor . in a world of outgo young man , James seem markedly self - absorb . Sanborn notice this trait instantly and be puzzle by it . the truth be that after so many year down range , rack up kill and disarming bomb , James have lose some of the ability and most of the need to connect to other people . right now , however , James be do he best to act like a regular nice guy . jame alright . well I guess I be in the right place . ( beat ) as long as you be here , could you give I a hand with this ? James jerk he head to a window cover with a board of plywood . he walk over to it and start remove the wood , motion for Sanborn to grab one end of the board . 17 sanborn maybe you should not take this down . we get a lot of mortar at night here . the plywood help stop the lateral frag from come through . that 's why it 's up there . jame it 's not go to stop a mortar from come through the roof -- you know . besides , I like the sunshine ... ( awkwardly ) I be sorry about Thompson , I hear he be a good tech . sanborn yeah , he be , and he be a great team leader too . jame I be not try to fill he shoe . I be just go to do my best . sanborn appreciate it . although Sanborn be almost warming to he new sergeant , James have reach he intimacy limit . he crank the music , grab he still - burn cigarette , and flop down on the bed -- all in one surprisingly fluid motion . then announce cheerfully : jame Home sweet home . CUT to : int humvee camp victory Sanborn be behind the wheel . James be in the passenger seat . eldridge be in the back seat . look through the humvee window , we drive past a long line of ml abram battle tank . they be neatly park and gather sand on all horizontal surface . 18 eldridge be not you glad the Army have all this tank park here , just in case the Russians come and we have to have a big tank battle . sanborn I would rather be on the side with the tank , just in case . eldridge but they do not do anything here . anybody come alongside the humvee , we be dead . anybody even look at you funny , we be dead . pretty much , the bottom line , be if you be in Iraq you be dead . how 's a fuck tank suppose to stop that ? sanborn shut the fuck up , Owen . eldridge ( smile ) sorry . just try to scare the new guy . James shrug this off : jame I see a little bit in Afghanistan . ext camp victory / baghdad outskirt morning the humvee move out of the base and into the outskirt of the teeming city . title : day left in bravo company 's rotation : 38 int humvee sanborn hey Owen -- watch the fuck road . the humvee edge close to a cluster of car . eldridge move up to the gunner 's seat on top of the humvee . 19 ext humvee eldridge have a collection of half - empty water bottle that he keep in the gunner 's nest . he throw a water bottle at the car in front of he . it smashes into the car 's rear windshield . a passenger inside spin , enraged . he see the humvee . settles for a one finger salute for the american . eldridge imshee -- imshee ! ext baghdad STREET early morning the humvee grind to a stop in a ghetto overflow with trash , with more mud dwelling that look as beat down as the people . James be first out , lighting another cigarette . Sanborn come up behind he . eldridge climb out of the turret . they be now completely out in the open , foot on iraqi ground , where anything can happen . eldridge begin turn suspicious bit of plastic over with the tip of he boot . jame ( look around at the empty street ) where be the guy who call this in ? James walk on down the street . Sanborn and eldridge exchange a glance ' what the hell , 's and follow he . meanwhile , in the background , iraqi civilian go about they daily life . 20 sanborn ( into walkie ) Victory Main , Victory Main , this be blaster Mike . interrogative , do you have a update position ? dispatch o.s. ( over walkie ) this be Victory Main . negative . figure to follow . grid 3453 . sanborn ( into walkie ) well , that 's exactly where I be and I do not see anybody in fatigue . dispatch o.s. give I a second to confirm . that visual be 3453 . James , Sanborn and eldridge continue they slow walk down the street . around a corner , a empty humvee come into view . jame we get a humvee . on the other side of the street , Sanborn round the corner , approach the humvee . he shout in case someone be inside . sanborn friendly ! but there be nobody to hear he . the truck be empty . eldridge look inside the vehicle , check for blood . James see a tiny american flag be wave in the window of a nearby building , and head over to it . eldridge ( scared ) they abandon they vehicle . sanborn ( scared too ) we get a empty humvee over here ! jame get it ! 21 ext / int baghdad build day James peer into a garden where a half dozen young soldier be rest and try not to look afraid , and one sergeant carter be try not to look embarrassed . jame Morning boy . do not tell I the bomb be in there with you . sergeant carter let 's step outside , I 'il show you what 's go on . he move into the open and point down the block . sergeant carter down the block , about 20 meter this side of the mosque , East side of the street , one of we informant see wire in a rubble pile - possible ied . I trust this guy , I know he . you want to talk to he ? jame I all handle it . keep you guy back . ( to eldridge ) specialist ! bring up the humvee ! Sanborn be already unload the robot . sanborn what 's go on ? jame break out the suit . sanborn what about the bot ? jame I will take care of it . sanborn what ? do not you want we to get the bot down there to see what it look like ? jame I will handle it . 22 sanborn it 's kind of tight down here , James . James grin . Sanborn shoot eldridge a look . be he a new guy or what ? ext humvee moment later Sanborn and eldridge kneel before James , buckle on the suit . sanborn you know you do not have to go down there , man , we already have the bot half way out . jame it will be alright . Sanborn put the helmet on . sanborn first day , I be think you might want to take it easy . now enclose in the suit , James be ready to go . jame let 's rock and roll . James head downrange , a jaunty bounce to he step . in stark contrast to Thompson 's cautious , lumber gait , he seem eager , almost happy , to approach the bomb . the guy watch he go . eldridge he 's a rowdy boy . sanborn he 's reckless . ext baghdad STREET without warning , James toss a round metal canister , a smoke grenade , into the middle of the street . ecu : canister jet explode , propelling a billow cloud of gray smoke . 23 ext humvee Sanborn look on in confusion as the dense smoke fill the street , obscure he view of James . sanborn ( walkie ) blaster one , what 's go on ? no answer . James disappear into the smoke . sanborn ( walkie ) blaster one , what be you do ? no answer . sanborn ( walkie ) blaster one , this be blaster Mike . what 's with the smoke on the side of the road ? no answer . sanborn o.s. ( walkie ) hey James , can you hear I ? what 's with the smoke ? jame o.s. ( headset ) creating a diversion . Sanborn can no longer see James through the smoke . he climb up on top of the humvee to get a better look . but he get only a partial view . sanborn ( walkie ) from what ? be there a threat ? ( to eldridge ) get up on that wall . tell I what you see , specialist ! eldridge leap onto a nearby narrow stone wall , foot precariously balanced . 24 eldridge I get he . he 's walk downrange . sanborn ( walkie ) James , the smoke be kill my visibility . where be you in relation to the ied ? be you within 100 meter , yet ? ext baghdad STREET /intersection jame ( headset ) Hell , I do not know . i’1l let you know when I be stand over it . we see the world from James 's point of view : the city take on a intense , dreamy hue as if somehow we be in some sort of fugue state . James walk on and the world return to normal as he near a intersection guard on either side by a humvee and several soldier , when ... suddenly a red-and - white taxi swerve past the soldier on the leave side of the intersection . the soldier take cover and shout contradictory command - '' stop the car '' '' get down do not move ! back up ! out of the vehicle ! '' the taxi brake in front of James . ext humvee Sanborn and eldridge can hear the shouting but the linger smoke still obscure they sight . eldridge ( shouting to Sanborn ) car ! car ! a car stop in front of he . ext baghdad STREET /intersection James 's headset bark to life : 25 sanborn o.s. ( headset ) James , come back now . James pull a pistol from he holster , aim it at the car ... soldier soldier ( over walkie ) eod have a nine on the haji in the car . should I send back up ? jame jame ( headset ) I get it . driver 's face impossible to discern whether he 's simply a annoyed taxi driver -- or a jihadi on a suicide mission . ext humvee sanborn ( into walkie to soldier ) negative , negative . you be too close , the blast will come up the street . stand down . stay behind the corner . eod have the situation under control . ext baghdad STREET /intersection James aim at the windshield . the driver be impassive . Soldiers shout , '' get out of the car ! '' James shoot two round into the dirt near the car 's front tire . the Driver remain still . stare back . James gesture with the pistol . 26 jame it 's that way ... back . James fire -- -- smash the windshield into a million shard of glass . but the car do not budge . now James jam he gun into the driver 's forehead . soldier soldier ( into walkie ) Three , four round fire . the nine be now press into the haji 's forehead . jame the driver slowly shift into reverse and ease the taxi back to the soldier . Soldiers rush the car , yank the driver out and pound he roughly to the ground . the taxi driver be zip tie and drag away . jame ( into mic ) if he be not a insurgent he sure as hell be now . downrange James resume he walk , note possible threat -- a man ina window down the road , two kide in another window . ext baghdad STREET / rubble pile ied one of a million in this city . James draw near . two wire protrude from the mess . moment of decision . move quickly , James remove rubble and trash to expose the wire and the artillery shell . 27 he kneel down into the rubble pile . touches the bomb . then with great care , he remove the blast cap from the bomb , make sure that it do not make contact with the metal edge of the artillery shell . he cut one wire lead to the blast cap . then he flip the artillery round over and cut the other wire . jame ( headset ) we be do . good to go . uprange sanborn come down , specialist . eldridge Roger . eldridge jump from the wall . downrange James stand and use he big boot to clear more rubble , revealing : another wire snake out of the ground . jame ( headset ) get a wire . hang on .. James trace this wire , pull it out of the ground , inch by inch , like extract a bury root . the more he pull , the more wire get reveal . it do not seem to end . balcony overhead , a young factory worker on a high balcony study James as he unearth the wire . 28 ext baghdad STREET / rubble pile ied James , still pull the wire , come to a length that end in a bundle of wire that spider out in several different direction . jame ( headset ) secondary ! he pull on this bundle and unearth a second ied . then he find a third ied . then a fourth bomb . then realize he 's surround by a ring of ied . this be the daisy - chain . one of the deadlier form of ied . uprange sanborn ( to eldridge ) off the wall , Owen ! ( to soldier ) get behind something . find cover . Soldiers scramble to find concrete to hide behind . balcony the factory worker leave he position and head down the stair . we follow he walk down the stair , intercut with : James work on the bomb individually . ecu : James ' helmet - glass clouding over from condensation -- lose visibility . ecu : blast cap ecu : foot on stair ecu : knife tip separate the wire . 29 int build staircase the factory worker be now on a landing , still head down . ext STREET James notice the worker come down and quicken he pace . int build staircase the worker match James 's accelerate movement , and be now rush down the stair . ext STREET the worker reach the bottom of the stair , open the building 's front door , and step into the street . he look at James . James show he the last blast cap , indicate that the bomb have all be render safe . the worker reveal nothing . he turn and step down a alley . as he go he drop a 9 - volt battery . we find a wire terminal attach to the alley wall , where on a different day the battery would have be connect to initiate the bomb . CUT to : ext humvee moment later James stride uprange . eldridge be not sure what to make of James . Sanborn be , but not ready to show it . Sanborn unstrap the velcro on James 's bomb suit , yanking roughly . this get James attention . jame that be not too bad , for we first time work together . what do you think ? sanborn I think work together be I talk to you . and you talk to I . jame be we go on a date , Sanborn ? Sanborn stand face - to-face with James . sanborn no , we be go on a mission . and it 's my job to keep you safe , so we can keep go on mission . jame hey , this be combat . 30 James pat Sanborn on the shoulder , move to the humvee for a marlborough . Sanborn and eldridge confer out of ear-shot . eldridge it 's just thirty nine day . sanborn thirty eight . assume we survive today . prelap : Electronic grunt of a first - person shooter video game . int head shed side office in a small recreation area , eldridge , on a couch , play gear of War on a flat screen tv . lt . col . JOHN cambridge , a combat stress therapist , enter . eldridge hey , it 's mister '' be all that you can be . '' what 's up , doc ? cambridge not much . how be you ? eldridge I be good . I have a question about that song , though . what if all I can be be dead on the side of a iraqi road ? I think it 's logical . ( more ) 31 eldridge ( cont would ) this be a war . people die all the time . why not I ? cambridge you get to stop obsess . Change the record in you head . think about other thing . right now , what be you think about ? eldridge you want to know what I be think about ? cambridge yes . eldridge pick up he m4 rifle , which have be rest on the couch , and put he finger on the trigger . eldridge this be what I be think about . here 's Thompson dead . ( now he dry fire . click . he snap the slide back . ) here , he 's alive . finger back on safe . he dry fire again . eldridge he 's dead . he 's alive . ext . camp victory mess tent day midday in Iraq . the heat be oppressive , biblical . James be walk around the base when he 's stop by a young iraqi kid sell pirate dvd . the kid , whose name be beckham , be a street savvy punk . beckham hey , wassup my nigger ? you cool or not ? you want to buy the cool shit ? the tight shit ? no ? fuck you ! ( he target James ) hey nigger , buy some dvd ? New release . very good . jame how much ? beckham one for five , two for nine . 32 jame ( have fun ) Three for twelve . beckham Three for thirteen . and for you , no tax . jame no tax ? alright . beckham you be a smart shit , you know . you be not like that stupid fuck face shit . jame I be a smart guy ? you be a smart kid . give I you best one . beckham here you go . this be the best shit . James pay . offer a cigarette . jame keep the change . want a cigarette ? be you kid ? you should not smoke . int camp victory shower stall next morning Sanborn be shave in a mirror , otherwise dress for combat and ready to go . James shuffles in wear a T-shirt and boxer short , look like he just wake up . James start to brush he tooth . sanborn I need to talk to you about something before we roll out again . jame shoot . sanborn yesterday -- that be not cool . jame I know . you 'il get it . 33 Sanborn wipe he face , try to stay calm , notice a tatoo on James 's forearm . sanborn you be a Ranger ? I be in intelligence seven year before eod . we run combat mission in every shit hole on the planet . ( beat ) so I be pretty sure I can figure out a redneck piece of trailer trash like you . James grin . jame look like you be on the right track . int / ext humvee UNITED nation temporary headquarters morning the man drive into a parking lot teeming with people on the run , hundred of UN employees , mostly white , many dress in business suit , flee the United Nations building . park beside the building be a blue sedan . title over : day left in bravo company rotation : 37 the humvee pass through a roadblock , stop , and James get out to talk to a iraqi sergeant . due to he current position in the parking lot , James can not see the blue sedan that everyone be run from . iraqi sergeant it 's behind the wall . jame do you see any wire ? any smoke ? iraqi sergeant no . I do not look . jame so how do you know it 's a bomb ? 34 iraqi sergeant the car have be park there illegally and the suspension be sagging , so there 's definitely something heavy in the trunk . jame why do not you peek inside and tell I what you see ? iraqi sergeant you want I to go close to it ? in Arabic : you crazy piece of shit ! CUT to : ext UN build near sedan moment later James now dress in the bomb suit walk beside the humvee towards the blue sedan . worker continue to stream out of the building , hurry faster down a flight of stair when they see James in the bomb suit . James come to within twenty foot of the blue sedan . he stop . balcony on a third - floor balcony , unseen by the soldier , a insurgent sniper take aim . sedan -- a shot ring out -- bullet strike the car -- it burst into flame -- a plume of flame rush out from the gas tank , like a blowtorch -- we see the flame through James 's helmet . 35 ext STREET near UN build '' it 's come from over here '' , shout infantry on the grounds outside the building as they FIRE m4 at the sniper 's balcony . they bullet hit concrete , miss the sniper . a team of soldier charge inside the building . sedan James back away from the fire , toward Sanborn who be now run toward he with a fire extinguisher . eldridge follow just behind Sanborn . ext UN build parking lot Sanborn pass James a fire-extinguisher to James . eldridge I get top cover ! jame that 's a negative , specialist . eldridge stay with I . Sanborn , you take top cover . it take Sanborn a instant to process the insult : top cover , in this case , be the junior man 's job . shake he head , Sanborn run to the building . eldridge position himself at the top of a staircase , hunkere down behind a low concrete wall . jame James spray the extinguisher into the roaring fire . flame lick he suit . sanborn Sanborn pound up a long flight of stair . jame gain control of the fire . 36 sanborn charge through the rooftop door and run to the edge of the roof . jame the fire be nearly out , the car a smoking ruin , dust with white fire retardant powder . sanborn at the edge of the roof , look down over James and eldridge . sanborn ( walkie ) blaster Mike in position . int sedan James stop . he 's do . the fire be out . he look up at Sanborn , nod . then he wipe the car 's blacken window and look inside for the bad news . sanborn scan he surround , note potential threat in every direction . ext humvee / STREET a salty officer , colonel reed , whose uniform shimmer with military bling and Army skill patch , cross the street to a spot where a Army medic be treat the now badly wounded sniper . other soldier in reed 's troop stand nearby . reed ( to medic ) what have you get ? 37 medic through and through to the chest but I get he stable . colonel reed ( smile ) he 's not go to make it . medic if we be leave in fifteen minute we get a survivable wound , sir. colonel reed ( give a order to soldier 1 ) he 's not go to make it . the Colonel turn away . Soldiers crowd around the medic , block we view . we hear two shot , kill the sniper - CUT to : roof the shot echo on the roof . Sanborn spin . look down to James . ext sedan James try to use a crow bar to pry open the trunk but that fail . so he kick the trunk with the bar , smash it , until finally it squeak open , revealing ... a_trunk full of South African 155 round , link with det cord . James be so take aback that he drop the crowbar . then he pull the bomb suit 's quick release tab . the bomb suit fall away . then he take off he helmet . 38 ext UN build roof sanborn ( into walkie ) what be he do ? ext UN build parking lot eldridge ( into walkie ) I do not know . ext sedan eldridge what be you do ? jame there 's enough bang in here to send we all to Jesus . if I be go to die , I want to die comfortable . James pass the helmet to eldridge . jame I need my kit and my can . ext UN build roof Sanborn stare down at James and the car . great . sanborn ( into walkie ) what 's go on ? eldridge ( into walkie ) I be get he kit and can . ( beat ) cover I , please . eldridge run to get the equipment , while James finish remove he suit . Sanborn watch all this . across the street , a young iraqi man with a_ consumer video camera be also watch . he go unnotice . 39 eldridge return with the kit , hand it to James . James approach the car and shine he flashlight into the trunk . smoke . wire . bombs. jame ( into mic ) get a lot of det cord . Electrical . he snip a wire . jame ( into mic ) I be go to look for the initiator . sanborn nod , feel vulnerable and expose on the roof . jame James get into the back seat , press the upholstery . jame ( into mic ) it 's not in the back seat , I do not think . he rip the upholstery with he knife . tearing out foam . but no wire . jame ( into mic ) nope . it 's not in the back seat . ext UN build roof Sanborn see a young man on a balcony at 9 o'clock and wave to he while slightly raise he rife . the boy wave back . sanborn ( into walkie ) I have get eye on a young man on a balcony , at you 9 o'clock . keep a eye on he . 40 ext UN build parking lot below , eldridge raise he hand '' roger that '' - understand - and nervously scan the surround building . int sedan James in the front seat now rip apart the door , rip the weather stripping to just bare metal . jame ( into mic ) it 's not in the front seat ... it 's not in the door ... not in the floor ... not in the glovebox . ext UN build roof sanborn ( into walkie ) if you have not find it yet it 's probably under the car somewhere . int sedan jame ( headset ) none of the cord go under . it 's up here -- somewhere . ext UN build roof Sanborn keep move to avoid be a static target . not like this . ext UN build parking lot eldridge now notice the man on a roof - top he 12 o'clock , hold the video camera . eldridge ( into walkie ) you get eye on a guy with a video camera ? 4l sanborn o.s. ( over walkie ) no. where ? eldridge ( into walkie ) he 's right at my 12 o'clock . you see he ? he 's point the thing right at I ! jame jabbing he knife into the upholstery . ext UN build roof sanborn ( into walkie ) negative . I do not see he . ext UN build parking lot eldridge raise he rifle , motion for the man to leave . the man ignore he , keep filming . eldridge flip . eldridge right at my 12 - look 12 o'clock ! ext UN build roof Sanborn jog over to the side of the roof where he can now see the man that eldridge be refer to . sanborn ( into walkie ) Roger that , I get he . yeah , he 's shady . ext UN build parking lot eldridge lift he gun . eldridge ( into walkie ) so what 's the play ? 42 sanborn o.s. ( over walkie ) be smart . make a good decision . off eldridge 's panic : CUT to : jame ripping wire in the car , increasingly frustrated , sotto voice '' more wire go nowhere . '' sanborn o.s. ( over walkie ) hey James , how you do ? jame ( into mic ) I be wonderful . how be you ? ext UN build roof more and more , face be appear in the window around Sanborn and eldridge . sanborn ( into walkie ) we have be here a while . we need to get out of here soon . we get a lot of eye on we . int sedan James ignore this . he 's in a flow state , the athlete totally focus on the game . he retrace what 's leave of the wire yet again . think . sanborn o.s. ( over walkie ) we get to get out of here . jame ( headset ) Roger that . I be go to figure this out . 43 sanborn o.s. James , we need to get out of here . James ignore he . sanborn o.s. James do you copy ? James throw he headset walkie talkie out of the car . it land with a rattle on the ground . ext UN build parking lot eldridge ( into walkie ) I be a sit duck . ext UN build roof Sanborn see below a soldier help a older woman out of the building . the soldier look up to Sanborn and give he a thumb up sign . sanborn how 's it look down there ? soldier all clear . sanborn ( into walkie ) the building be evacuate . we can leave , let the engineer handle this mess . ext UN build parking lot eldridge ( into walkie ) be we move ? ext UN build roof sanborn ( into walkie ) that 's affirmative . 44 sedan James pull out the car radio . suddenly -- the car 's rain wiper screech and flap across the windshield . jame ( sotto voce ) interesting . roof sanborn what 's go on with James . he 's not answer I . parking lot eldridge I think he remove he headset . roof sanborn ( into walkie to eldridge ) will you tell he to he radio back on . ext UN build parking lot eldridge ( shouting to James ) hey James , sergeant Sanborn be ask if you will please put you headset back on . James raise he hand and give eldridge the middle - finger ' fuck - you '. eldridge ( cont ’d ) ( into walkie to Sanborn ) that 's a negative . it 's not happen . 45 ext UN build roof Sanborn be pace now , like a cage lion . he notice three men at a minaret behind he and wave to they . sanborn I get eye on three guy at the minaret . six o'clock . int sedan James keep work . he get out , check under the hood of the car . traces the wire there . ext UN roof / parking lot sanborn what the hell be he do ? eldridge I do not know - it look like he 's check the oil . sedan James pull a wire . the windshield wiper stop they horrible screeching . he go back inside the car , check under the steering wheel . ext UN build roof the angry man in the minaret that do not wave be now join by two other men , and they begin to point to Sanborn , and then down to James and eldridge . they wave to the video camera man . he wave back to they . sanborn ( into walkie ) they be communicate with you camera man . 46 ext UN build parking lot eldridge ( into walkie ) this be bad . sanborn o.s. ( into walkie ) get behind a Jersey barrier . ext UN build parking lot eldridge ( into walkie ) I can not keep eye on James from here . eldridge stand . sanborn o.s. ( over walkie ) get down . now . eldridge crouch back down . not sure what 's right or wrong anymore . eldridge ( to James ) we can go ! int sedan James ignore eldridge and continue to work . finally , he find what he 's look for under a tangle of wire : a black box . slowly pry off the lid , take it apart . then he throw the black box . it go fly out of the car . James get out . shout to eldridge . jame we be do ... Sanborn , let 's get out of here ! he pick up he headset , wave to Sanborn to come down off the roof . 47 ext UN build roof Sanborn bang open the door to the staircase . ext UN build parking lot moment later James be flushed , red , sweat drip as he approach the humvee , a big satisfied grin on he face . Sanborn , furious , charge he . int UN build humvee moment later James get inside the vehicle , light up a cigarette . jame that be good . Sanborn lean into the window . sanborn hey , James . jame yeah ? Sanborn jab he in the jaw , knock the cigarette out . sanborn never turn you headset off again . Sanborn stalk off and James explode out of the car . he crouch down , search the floor of the humvee . see he cigarette , clean it off , then go back to he smoke . once again , calm as can be , look at Sanborn , consider he . as James puff away , watch Sanborn , two humvee 's drive down the ramp to the parking area of the building . several soldier exit , among they be colonel reed . soldier trot along beside he . the Colonel stride up to eldridge . colonel reed you the guy in the bomb suit ? eldridge no , sir. that 's sergeant James . he 's right here . ( to James ) somebody here to see you . James come around . jame hello , sir . colonel reed ( to James , point ) you the guy in the flame car ? sergeant James ? jame yes , sir . colonel reed well , that 's just hot shit . you be a wild man , you know that ? the Colonel spin he head around to a aide . colonel reed he 's a wild man , you know that ? ( back to James ) let I shake you hand . jame thank you , sir . colonel reed how many bomb have you disarm , sergeant ? jame I be not quite sure . colonel reed sergeant , I ask you a question . jame one hundred and seventy three . count today , Sir . colonel reed one hundred and seventy three ? that must be a record . so tell I , what 's the best way to go about disarming one of this thing ? 48 49 jame the way you do not die . colonel reed good one . speak like a wild man . that 's good . CUT to : ext camp victory first sergeant’s trailer afternoon James , sit on a bench under a camo net , grab a smoke and inspect a circuit board . a soccer ball roll beside he . James pick it up . the dvd kid , beckham , come up to retrieve the ball . beckham give it . jame wait a minute . look who it be . I want my five buck back , buddy . beckham five dollar - for what ? be you crazy ? jame that dvd you sell I be crap . beckham no , you be crazy . that 's impossible . it 's Hollywood special effect . jame it be shaky and out of focus , buddy . beckham special effect ! what do you want , donkey porn ? Girls on dog ? just tell I what you want ! be you gay ? you want gay sex ? the boy 's chutzpa amuse James . he 's start to like this kid . 50 jame what 's you name anyway ? beckham beckham . jame oh yeah - like the soccer player ? you good like he , too ? beckham better , my man . James get up . motion for the kid to give he space . jame alright , make you a deal . if you can stop the ball I 'il give you five buck -- beckham -- five dollar ? more like ten , twenty . jame but if you can not , I be go keep the ball . deal ? beckham deal . the boy run to a makeshift goal post . James prepare to kick jame ready ? one , two -- he kick the ball in beckham 's direction and it fly up but beckham block it easily . he 's very skillful . jame -- three . shit . beckham come back over to James , ball in hand , and notice the bomb patch on James 's uniform . beckham ( point to the patch ) come on , where 's the five dollar . you be eod . eod -- boomala boomala . it 's fun , no ? it 's gangsta ? James be surprised by the question . not sure how to reply . 51 jame yeah I think so . tell you what , kid , I ’'1l buy another dvd but if it 's shaky or out of focus or in any way not 100 percent , I be go to chop off you head with a dull knife . ( long beat ) I be kid . James affectionately put the kid in a headlock . int camp victory garage eldridge be repair something near the under carriage of the humvee when the psychiatrist approach . cambridge how 's it go ? edldridge good . break be squeaky . cambridge how you do ? eldridge good . sleep be good . eat well . feeling pretty square away . cambridge glad to hear it . you get along with the man in you unit ? eldridge yeah , my team be great . my team leader be inspiring . cambridge you be sarcastic , soldier ? eldridge no . I mean , he 's go to get I kill . I almost die yesterday . but at least I 'il die in the line of duty , ' proud and strong . 's cambridge you know , this do not have to be a bad time in you life . go to war is_a_ once in a life time experience . it can be fun . 52 eldridge and you know this from you extensive work in the field ? cambridge I have do my field duty . eldridge where be that - Yale ? cambridge look , if you want to stop talk to I , you can . this session be voluntary . eldridge consider this . eldridge I appreciate what you be say . but you need to get out from behind the wire . see what we do . cambridge if the circumstance call for it , I will . just like any other soldier . CUT to : ext baghdad purgatory day we be at the south end of a explosive disposal range , nickname , ' purgatory 's -- a empty expanse of dirt pockmark with crater . title over : day left in bravo company 's rotation : 17 boom !!! a tremendous explosion , by far the large we have see yet , kick out a mushroom cloud of debris . we move across the field with the cloud and settle where we eod team be position by they humvee . Sanborn have a remote detonator in he hand and be about to trigger it a second time . 53 sanborn ready for second det ? Fire in the hole . Fire in the hole . James cheerfully interrupt -- jame hold on a second . I think I forget my glove back there . James jump into the humvee and drive down range , reversing the course we just take . it 's a long way to the explosive , at least half a mile . Sanborn and eldridge watch he recede in the distance . James be a tiny figure amble around the explosive pile . Sanborn look down at the detonator in he hand . eldridge notice the look . sanborn ( be detonator ) that detonator misfire all the time . eldridge what be you do ? sanborn I be just say , shit happen . they misfire . eldridge he have be obliterate to nothing . sanborn his helmet would be leave , you could have that . Little specs of hair char on the inside . eldridge yeah , there would be half a helmet somewhere ... specs of hair . sanborn we would have to ask for change in technique and protocol - make sure this type of accident never happen again . you have have to write the report . 54 eldridge be you serious ? sanborn I can not write it . eldridge no , be you serious about kill he ? Sanborn stare at eldridge . Dead serious . they look downrange at the they leader / tormentor . he 's recover he glove . he 's celebrate that fact by pump he fist in the air . CUT to : int / ext humvee day find the humvee drive across the desert void . driving and drive . outside , horizon of sand and sun . Inside , shell - shocked man . ext humvee day the humvee crest a hill and come in range of a heavily armed man / face wrap in a keffyieh / nationality unclear , who be wave a AK - 47 . behind he be four additional armed men of uncertain nationality , as well as a large , disabled suv . int humvee in the turret , eldridge finger the trigger of he .50 machine gun . eldridge sanborn ( shouting below ) Roger that . 12 o'clock . I see a suv . I get four armed man . they be in haji gear . 55 jame sanborn careful now , guy . ( to James ) we be in it now . jame eldridge , stay on that fifty . ext humvee the keffiyeh - clad man stop wave he arm , and walk towards the humvee . Sanborn brake . James and Sanborn charge out of the vehicle , blood boil , gun high , yell : drop you fucking gun ! hand up ! on you knee ! the keffiyeh man do not comply . instead , he shout a reply that be drown out by the desert wind . sanborn hand high ! jame eldridge , cover ! eldridge I get you ! Sanborn continue shouting order : get down now ! on you knee motherfucker ! hand on you head ! hand on you head ! finally , the keffiyeh man nod to he man , who lower they prodigious weapon . then he take he own piece ... and carefully unsnap it from the shoulder sling . he kneel and interlace he hand on he head . as James and eldridge provide cover , Sanborn rush forward , shaking with adrenaline , m4 darting back and forth . when he 's close , Sanborn notice a pistol still strapped to the man 's leg . sanborn pistol - take it off now . 56 keffiyeh man ( in English ) what do you want I to do , put my hand up or take off my pistol ? sanborn keep you hand up . keffiyeh man okay . Sanborn reach for he pistol . it catch in the holster , then come free . keffiyeh man can I touch my fuck head now ? sanborn slowly . slowly unfurl he keffiyeh ... until we see that he 's not at all Arabic but just a darkly tan , bearded anglo - saxon : a former member of the british sas turn mercenary team leader -- who at this moment be feel pretty sick of american yahoo . mercenary team leader we be on the same side . you guy be wire tight - you know that ? jame what be you do out here ? this be no place for a picnic . mercenary team leader we have get a flat tire . can you help we ? jame sure . do you have spare ? mercenary team leader we have a spare but we use up we wrench . jame how do you use up a wrench ? mercenary team leader ( point to feisal , one of the mercenary ) that guy - he throw it at someone . 57 sanborn ( to feisal ) you know you do not have to throw wrench . you can shoot people here . feisal fuck off . they walk back to the contractor 's vehicle , where two enemy prisoner of war ( epws , or so we assume ) , shroud in black hood , hand bound , be kneel uncomfortably on the desert floor . CUT to : ext road moment later a moment of calm : feisal crouch by the suv 's flat tire , twist a wrench . a second mercenary - call he jimmy - give a drink of water to the two bound and hood epws . the two remain mercenary , CHRIS and charlie , quietly stand guard around the perimeter of the suv . Sanborn relieve he bladder on a innocent sand dune . James and eldridge be hang out with the mercenary team leader . he 's brag about he two high - value prisoner , who appear in a deck of most wanted playing card . mercenary team leader ( be : the epw 's ) picked they up in najaf . nine of heart ... Jack of club . eldridge same guy ? mercenary team leader that 's they . James , mildly impressed , notice that feisal be have a issue with the tire wrench . jame mercenary team leader need a little help there ? what 's the problem with the tire ? why the delay ? 58 feisal no good , boss . this wrench be too small . mercenary team leader alright , solution anyone ? eldridge I think there be another wrench in the back of the humvee if you want to check . feisal thanks , I x11 look . feisal walk to the eod humvee . mercenary team leader how long be you guy out here ? jame I do not know . specialist , what do we get ? eldridge we have get ...ah ... seventeen more day . jame but no one be count , right . feisal return with a new wrench , when ... --a bullet rip into he back --flattening he instantly mercenary team leader contact leave ! contact leave ! --the mercenary and soldier all begin shoot toward there left hand side , unleashing a barrage of indiscriminate gunfire into the desert --another bullet zip by , narrowly missing one of the contractor . bedlam : as the fire continue on all side , the mercenary scramble for supplies and ammunition in they suv , follow the command of they leader who shout '' Jimmy get the go - bag , '' '' Charlie , grab the Barrett '' , '' Chris take the fifty '' , '' into the ravine '' , etc . 59 CHRIS leap into the humvee turret and spray bullet in all direction . the soldier dash for cover into ext ravine a nearby ravine , and continue fire indiscriminately humvee Chris make the big gun smoke . spend brass spin red hot out of the barrel and large caliber bullet pound the desert . but there be no enemy in sight . ravine eldridge ( shouting ) what be we shoot at ? sanborn ( shouting back ) I do not know ! suv in the confusion , the two hood prisoner rise up and run blindly into the desert . ravine see that he valuable prisoner be escape , the team leader shout : mercenary team leader the package be move ! jimmy they will not get far on foot . 60 mercenary team leader Three bloody month hunt that fucker . I be out five hundred thousand quid ! with that , the team leader brazenly dash into the open in order to get a angle on the flee prisoner and as bullet snap around he he shoot the prisoner in the back . then he bolt to the ravine , very pleased with himself : mercenary team leader ( cont ’d ) I forget , it 's five hundred thousand dead or alive ! ext road Chris in the turret of the humvee keep fire the machine gun in all direction . ext / int deep ravine as the shoot continue , the mercenary team leader scramble up one side of the ravine . mercenary team leader Jimmy , give I the Barrett . [ refer to a .50 caliber tripod - mount sniper rifle ] the mercenary team leader hoist this heavy gun to the edge of the ravine and look down the scope . Jimmy crawl next to he with a spot scope in hand . ext road Chris be still work the machine gun , expend hundred of bullet a minute . ext / int deep ravine the mercenary leader say to Jimmy : mercenary team leader Chris be shoot wild . we have to conserve ammo . 61 jimmy ( into radio ) hey Chris - can you hear I ? chill out on the fifty . ext road Chris cease fire for a moment and take he finger off the trigger . silence while he key he walkie . CHRIS ( into walkie ) Roger that . -- a bullet strike he in the neck , kill he instantly . ext / int deep ravine jimmy he shot Chris . the mercenary team leader deflate . he rest he chin on the rifle . everyone else in the ravine cease fire as the futility of they situation sink in . scope Pov scan the barren landscape . gravel and sun . no enemy , not a live soul in sight . then ...a structure ... a one - story building , in the far distance . ravine jimmy it must be come from that building . mercenary team leader I can not see anything . scope Pov heat shimmer . 62 then ...on the roof of the building ... slight movement . possibly , it 's a man lie prone . possibly , it 's two men . ravine jimmy Movement on the roof . the mercenary team leader concentrate he aim . he fire . build a pause while the bullet close the gap - then smashes into the building 's side , tear apart brick and mortar . the figure on the roof , if they be man , have certainly go unharme . ravine jimmy Three meter higher . mercenary team leader I have get to adjust . he jostle the heavy sniper rifle forward a few inch . int . build Inside the building , a insurgent sniper team peer at the ridge- ravine complex where the mercenary and soldier have take cover . sniper Pov the wispy form of the two mercenary lie on the ridge can be faintly see . int . build the sniper 's muzzle flash . 63 ridge the mercenary team leader hoist himself up into a low crawl only to -- -- take the bullet square in the chest -- spin he off the ridge -- face first into the ravine -- he back a pulped and bloody mess from the exit wound . ravine Jimmy jump down from the ridge to check for a pulse . jimmy he 's dead . now the man plummet into a full - bore panic and everyone start talk at once . sanborn jame I will get on the barret . go , go . eldridge jame no Sanborn do not do that . go , go . stay low . older contractor dispatch ( 0.s. ) ( into radio ) ) Roger that , Alpha nine . go this be Alpha nine . we be in ahead . deep shit . we be take income fire . ridge Sanborn crawl to the Barrett , follow by James , who take Jimmy 's spot scope . effectively , we soldier have replace the first sniping team . ravine jimmy ( into walkie ) we be take income fire . ( more ) 64 jimmy ( cont would ) I have two kia . correction three kia . can you get we some help ? dispatch ( 0.s. ) Roger that Alpha nine . go ahead . older contractor we grid -- mdrf:5542973420 . dispatch o.s. Alpha nine , this be Big North Seven . you be go to have to sit tight . off he despair : CUT to : ridge Sanborn prepare to shoot at the man in the building . jame ( quietly ) breathe easy . I get movement at that house . 800 meter . by the window : you have a target sanborn get it . Sanborn squeeze the trigger . the muzzle flash . scope Pov a bullet strike the leave side of the house . another miss . ridge jame ( softly ) a little leave . Sanborn squeeze the trigger ... only to hear the metallic click of a empty chamber . sanborn I be out of ammo . 65 jame huh ? sanborn I be out of ammo . jame ( shouting over he shoulder ) eldridge ! we need ammo . ravine eldridge frantically search a few nearby backpack . ridge jame I need that ammo man ! ravine eldridge I be look . where be it ? jame o.s. check the dead guy . eldridge flip over the body of the slain contractor . his chest be pulped . nestled in the gore be several .50 magazine . eldridge grab they with shaky hand and pass they up to James . ridge James pass the ammo to Sanborn . he slam it into the receiver . jame same target . sanborn get it . Sanborn pull the trigger . click . ecu : Hand cycle the weapon . finger pull trigger . bolt catch , jamme . 66 sanborn it 's jamme . the blood be make it jam . Sanborn remove the clip and hand it back to James who hand it back down to eldridge in the ravine , instruct he : jame eldridge , you get to clean the blood off the bullet . the blood be make it jam . eldridge take the magazine and rub the top bullet to no good effect , for the dust on he hand stick to the blood and the blood stick to the bullet . he rub harder , only make it dirtier . James peer down and realize that eldridge be lose . jame spit and rub , man . spit on they . eldridge try to spit on the bullet . his mouth be too dry to produce salvia . he try again . nothing . James see he escalate despair and slide down the ridge , come next to eldridge . jame use you camel ( refer to the camelback water canteen ) . James squeeze the nipple of eldridge 's camel and direct the water to drip on the bullet . it sort of work . sitting side by side now , they rub away the grime and polish the bullet to a bright shine . jame you be do good , man . you be okay . I be go to keep you safe . James take the clean bullet and climb back to the ridge , tell eldridge : jame scan you sector . 67 ridge Sanborn load the clean bullet and fire . scope Pov one figure on the roof be hit . the other man crawl back and out of sight . ridge jame Nice . you get he . second one be out of range . scope Pov scan ... another figure , lie on the desert floor . ridge jame twenty meter to the right of the building . you get a target . sanborn I get he . jame Fire when ready . scope Pov Sanborn 's bullet strike the ground a dozen foot in front of the man , kick up a harmless puff of dust . the man get up and run towards the building while fire he AK - 47 back at Sanborn and James . his carbine 's muzzle flash , ineffective at this great range , sparkles in the bright day . ridge jame he 's move to the building . follow he . you get he ? sanborn get he . Sanborn pull the trigger . scope Pov 68 Sanborn 's bullet strike the flee man in the upper chest , blood spurting as the large round throw he dead to the ground . ridge jame you get he . he 's down . good night . thanks for play . scope Pov the sniper in the building appear in the window . build the insurgent sniper team lean out the window and fire James and Sanborn . ridge the bullet snap near James and Sanborn . jame window ! window ! sanborn get it . Sanborn fire . scope Pov at miss ! Sanborn 's bullet strike the building just below the window and the insurgent team withdraw inside . jame he 's still there . 69 the insurgent , have run to the other side of the building , now appear in the other window , the leave window . James see he barrel . jame Left window ! Left window ! get he ? sanborn get he . Sanborn turn he head away from the gun and make a audible exhale to release tension : the sniper breath control technique . then he fire a hit ; the insurgent slump in the window . jame he 's down . scope Pov the roof of the tall building in the distance bob in and out of view ; the scope dance at this range . James scan the area . silence . desert wide we mark the passage of time with dust devil spin across a horizon of lengthen shadow . ext / int deep ravine hour later the sun lower in the sky . around the pit , the fall team leader have be push to one side , and the live be hang on to they sanity . eldridge and the remain contractor have exhaust they water supply . eldridge be in a sentry position face east , in the direction of the railroad track . the other two contractor be in sentry position face south and north . Sanborn and James be in exactly the same position as when we leave they , expose to the element . Desert heat and sand have take they toll on Sanborn especially . 70 ext sanborn Pov the scope blur as Sanborn 's vision fail for a moment . ridge James notice Sanborn 's fatigue . jame eldridge , grab I the juice out of a mre . eldridge dig around the dead team leader be backpack and retrieve a packet of juice , which he pass to James . James insert the straw into the juice pack . he hesitates , not sure if Sanborn will accept the gesture after all the hostility that 's pass between they ... James bring the straw to Sanborn 's lip . at first , Sanborn keep he attention on the rifle scope . jame drink . with some discomfort , Sanborn open he sun-scorch lip and sip . ravine eldridge scan the horizon -- -- a small herd of goat amble along the railroad track . he rub he eye , look again -- -- somewhere within the herd a flutter of fabric -- eldridge stiffen . eldridge uh , will . jame yeah . 71 eldridge at you six o'clock . Movement on the track . jame deal with it . eldridge uh , okay . eldridge look down he scope , unsure . James keep he focus forward on the building . eldridge should I fire ? jame you call . eldridge shift he weight onto he rifle . another flutter of movement at the edge of the track . eldridge pull the trigger . then he pull it again . and again , empty he magazine at the distant target . the goat scatter , revealing a lifeless body drape across the track . eldridge slump , let 's go of he rifle . time CUT to : ravine several hour later dusk . shadows fall over James and Sanborn , both of whom remain lie in the exact same sniping position , although now they be cover head to toe in sand . there 's no movement in the house . no movement on the far ridge . no sign of life anywhere beyond they encampment . it 's just they and the sky and the desert . jame I think we be do . CUT to : 72 int camp victory jame 's trailer night play time : James and Sanborn square off , drunk , sway , red - face , fist clench . when Sanborn nod , James punch he in the stomach . James smile ; he look good . the unleash aggression be like a vitamin to he . jame that 's what you get for hit you team - leader , motherfucker . with difficulty , Sanborn straighten up and stumble out of the trailer . sanborn be right back . I gotta piss . James lurch towards eldridge . jame Owen , another round . that 's a order . eldridge ( imitate a young recruit ) yes , Sir , sergeant James Sir . you be not very good with people be you -- but you be a natural warrior . jame you acquitted yourself well on the field of battle today , specialist . they clink cup . eldridge gulp he whiskey . James collapse in he chair . eldridge sit down carefully . eldridge I be scared . jame everyone be a coward about something . ( beat ) you do good . 73 as Sanborn loudly stumble back into the room , he notice by the door something a little odd under James 's bed : a box . it 's odd because there be nothing else in the barren room besides Army -issue furniture , light , and the whiskey they have be drink . curious , Sanborn retrieve the box out and set it ona makeshift coffee table to get a better look . sanborn just what do we have here ? will have possession ! I do not know you own anything , will . eldridge let 's see what you get . Sanborn pull out a weathered snapshot of a baby boy . sanborn what 's that ? jame that 's my son . he 's a real tough little bastard . nothing like I . sanborn you be marry ? jame well , I have a girlfriend . she get pregnant and we get marry and then we divorced . or , I think we divorced . she 's still in the house and she say we be still together . so I do not know . what do that make she ? sanborn Dumb - for still be with you ass . jame ( hotly ) she be not dumb . she 's just loyal , that 's all . ( beat ) what about you guy - what have you get ? sanborn my problem be the girl I like I can not stop from talk about baby . 74 jame give she you sperm , stud . make baby ! sanborn Nah . jame go on , you chickenshit . do it ! sanborn no , I know when I be ready and I be not ready for that yet . ( look around the box , find a circuit board ) and what do we have here ? jame ( embarrassed ) component . bomb part . signature . sanborn I see that . but what be they do under you bed ? James pull out a circuit and gaze reverently at the mechanical design . jame this one be from the UN building , flame car . Dead man switch - boom ! this guy be good . I like he . this one be from we first call together . this box be full of stuff that almost kill I . eldridge rummages through the box and find a gold ring hang from a cheap chain . he dangle the ring in front of James . eldridge what 's this one from , will ? jame that 's my wedding ring . like I say , stuff that almost kill I . ( beat ) I think it 's interesting to hold something in you hand that could have kill any one of we . 75 sanborn ( look at the circuit board ) it 's a piece of junk from Radio shack . eldridge , ever unsure , ally with James . eldridge it 's interesting . jame sanborn I agree . I think it 's I think that punch be harder interesting , too . than I hit you . therefore , I owe you a punch . so get up motherfucker . James leap up , pleased to end the conversation . Sanborn follow , clap he hand -- cruise for a bruise . eldridge hold on , we need some rule . no face shot . sanborn ( laugh ) there 's gonna be a face shot . eldridge pick up a magic marker and tell James to take off he shirt . then he draw a bull - eye on James 's bare stomach . and as he do , he notice knotty scar tissue . eldridge what happen ? jame my mother drop I at birth . eldridge sanborn look like frag scar . let it go , eldridge . James smile , raise he arm , expose he midsection to Sanborn . Sanborn wind up for a powerful blow . he lean back , then launch a gut punch that knock James to the floor . James lie there in a heap , laugh . 76 when he get up , he 's laugh so hard that gleeful tear run down he face . sanborn you like that ? jame that all you get ? now Sanborn raise he arm , brace for the blow . James feint a right cross , fake a jab , then grab Sanborn by the neck and unleash a brutal uppercut to the solar plexus . Sanborn collapse , moan in pain . jame ( laugh ) that 's get to hurt . eldridge you alright ? sanborn yeah . jame get up , bitch . James extend he hand to help Sanborn off the floor . but when Sanborn reach for help , James rush he wildly , like a football tackle , knock he back to the floor , and , in a sudden fit of aggression , he then jump on Sanborn 's chest , pin he arm with he knee and clasp he throat . jame what have you get now ? sanborn get off I ! jame come on , what have you get . sanborn get off of I you freak !! Sanborn try to buck James off but he can not dislodge the former Ranger . Sanborn redouble he effort , throw he weight this way and that . still , James remain on top -- he face twisted with a macho snarl . 77 jame we get a wild one here !! Sanborn buck harder . but instead of knock James loose , he kick and struggle to get free spur James to even deeper level of male weirdness . and as Sanborn kick and buck underneath he , James pump he hand like a cowboy at a rodeo , cry out : jame I be riding he ! that 's right !! he 's a wild one and I be riding he !! come on bitch !!! now Sanborn reach for he boot knife . ecu : knife blade snap open Sanborn jam the blade against James 's throat and they eye lock . James smile like a child . he pat Sanborn 's head and laugh . jame I be just kid motherfucker !! shit !!! at last , Sanborn be release . James pat he on the chest . jame you be alright , Sanborn . ( to eldridge ) Owen , get this guy another drink . CUT to : ext camp victory hour later Sanborn , too drunk to stand , be be guide across the barrack square by eldridge and James . when they come to eldridge 's trailer , James shoulder Sanborn by himself and eldridge go inside . eldridge later . it 's not easy for James to carry Sanborn alone and Sanborn nearly slip to the ground . jame you need to go on a diet . 78 they walk a little farther to Sanborn 's trailer , pass a soldier who look at they curiously . drink be not allow on US basis in Iraq . James brushes aside the officious look , say '' he hurt he knee '' and guide Sanborn up a set of stair into Sanborn 's trailer . int . sanborn 's trailer James ease Sanborn onto a cot and head for the door . jame get some rest . Sanborn mumble drunkenly : sanborn hey James , do you think I have what it take to put on the suit ? jame ( beat ) Hell no . ( beat ) good night , boy . int jame 's trailer later that night James stumble inside , flop on the bed , and take another swig of whiskey . he lie there and stare at he bomb helmet , which be sit on a desk adjacent to he cot . he look at the helmet ... and reach for it . then he bring the helmet over he head and adjust the strap and unlock the glass protective mask , so that it snap down over he face and he entire head be sheathed in the protective metal . a man encase in he armor . he lean back in the bed and we hear the rasp of James breathing . .. daydream ... as he re-experience the feel of a bomb in he hand , the morbid thrill . CUT to : 79 ext / int humvee camp victory parking lot a massive sandstorm be underway . howling wind disperse red sand over the entire base , give it a otherworldly , almost martian aspect . throng of man and they vehicle fight the brutal weather . title : day Left in bravo company 's rotation : 16 Lt. col . Cambridge come out of the gloom , approach the vehicle window , and knock . cambridge mind if I ride along ? I be sick of sit behind a desk all the time . James shoot eldridge a look . eldridge shrug . jame it 's a privilege . ( as Cambridge get in ) ) I do not mean to insult you intelligence , Sir , but if the shit hit the fan please do not fire out the humvee , the round will just bounce around and someone might get shot . I do not like get shot . cambridge understood , sergeant . ext . abu ghraib CENTER bombed out build day a partially destroy building fill the screen . a mess of brick and rebar . wind swirl sand up into the air . title : day left in bravo company 's rotation : 16 nearby , a old iraqi man with a donkey draw cart be unload new brick to repair the building . farther up the road , a good distance from the building , be two park Humvees . nearby , James and he team be talk to a small cluster of soldier . eldridge give Cambridge the drill : 80 eldridge this be a pretty standard mission . we be just here to pick up some ordnance . sergeant James be go to go see what the deal be . hopefully , we be go in a couple of minute jame guy , we get to gear up . sanborn for what ? jame Security have not go in . let 's just go in quiet , radio off . eldridge glad you come . cambridge stay safe . int bombed out build James , Sanborn and eldridge enter a landing . the floor be very wet . they cross it , and come to a room that have be severely damage by a bomb , with rubble everywhere and expose electrical wire dangle from the ceiling , and bust pipe gush water . a tea pot sit on a stove , steaming hot , and a plate on the table have bread on it . water logged room they gingerly investigate a large cavernous room with leaky pipe drip water onto a oil - slicked floor . we hear they breathe , the water droplet fall . move tactically , cover all side of they approach , they press deeper into the building down corridor a dark corridor which the insurgent have strewn with glass as a early - warning system . advance slowly , glass crunching underfoot , they pass through this corridor into 81 classroom a classroom line with student 's desk and chair , beyond which lie another room . James and Sanborn spin quietly into this room , rifle raise , while eldridge hang back to cover the corridor . insurgent live space they find themselves in a recently use live area . a teapot cooking on a bunsen burner hiss steam . mattress and bedding line the wall of the room . the wall be decorate with jihadist slogan , and a video camera for make recruiting video have pride of place on a tripod in the center of the room . Sanborn check under the mattress for hide explosive , find none , and exchange a worried look with James . move as one unit they spin into the next room . empty room it 's empty , another forbode large space strewn with rubble and garbage . they pass through this area and push open a door to -- bomb factory Santa 's bomb make factory . in contrast to the spare space they have just pass through , this room be overflow with the tool of a a insurgency that use bomb as its primary weapon : electronics and explosive of all kind be everywhere : artillery shell , box of battery , plastic explosive , military manual , rocket , grenade , stack of dynamite , tool , magnify glass , and solder gun . though a few of this munition bear the stamp of foreign military , most bear insignia in English . it be , ironically , a cache of armament that formerly belong to the american military . the man weave through the pile of explosive , slowly check every space where a human could possibly be hide . at last they be satisfied : 82 sanborn clear ! eldridge draw near to one desk where a cigarette burn in a ashtray . eldridge this cigarette be still smoking ! sanborn this be all we shit . motherfuck gold mine . watch out for trip . back of room in the back half of the room , a plastic curtain hang over a work table , form a make - shift sterile room . smell the copper odor of blood and death emanate from behind that curtain , James push the plastic to one side . he draw near to a table , where he see the dead body of a young boy wear pants but no shirt . fly buzz over he bloody bare chest . jame I get something . Sanborn and eldridge come beside he , and approach the body cautiously . the dead young man 's chest have be cut open . a artillery shell be shove inside the cavity where the heart use to beat . wire protrude from the shell . James shake he head no as Sanborn move closer to the body and inspect the wiring in the chest . the boy 's face , half in shadow , be so disfigure by bruise that it 's hard to identify . but it might be someone familiar to James . jame I know this kid . his name be beckham . he sell dvd . Sanborn ignore that and turn to eldridge . sanborn you ever see a body bomb before ? 83 eldridge shake he head , pull he neck scarf up over he nose . sanborn this be disgusting , let 's get out of here . jame eldridge , grab all the c4 and det cord you can get you hand on . let 's get the rest of it out of here and just blow it in place . sanborn Roger that . Sanborn and eldridge leave James alone with the body . he stare at the boy . ext bombed out build Cambridge , with limited iraqi language skill , be try to speak to a man pile rock in the back of he donkey cart . cambridge what be you do ? move the rock ? the iraqi peasant reply in Arabic , motion to the rock and he cart . cambridge that 's very nice . it 's a little unsafe today . so maybe - I do not know - I be think maybe we should move . int body bomb James step away . ext bombed out build Sanborn and eldridge meet up outside . sanborn you okay ? 84 edldridge yeah . you ? int bombed out build moment later James turn away from the body . thinks . eldridge arrive with the c4 . the look on James 's face concern he . eldridge you alright man ? jame yeah , no one in or out . eldridge nod . make a hasty exit . James pull c4 block from he pack and arrange they around the body . he plug a blast cap into the c4 . in do so he find himself draw to the dead boy 's eye , which seem somehow to stare directly at he . James try to keep he feeling in check and he mind on the task by arrange the charge and prepare the detonation . but he can not . the war have finally reach he . jame ( into walkie ) cancel the det . in one fluid motion James remove the charge and take off he helmet . he close the boy 's eye . and slam he fist on the table . CUT to : ext . build Sanborn and eldridge grab water by the humvee . sanborn what the fuck be he do ? eldridge I do not know . 85 cambridge at the donkey cart now there be a few iraqi men gather near the donkey cart . Cambridge be do he best to communicate . cambridge hello , how be you ? iraqi man where be you from ? cambridge New York . the Big Apple . iraqi man I be from Iraq . cambridge I love it here . this be a beautiful place . but today , it 's not too safe here , so I think we need to move . please . int bombed out build James carefully check the boy 's body for trip wire , then proceed the snip the wire which be sow into the boy 's stomach . one by one , he cut they . he insert he hand into the boy 's abdomen and remove the artillery shell bomb that have be diabolically place there . he wipe he face , smear blood , then cover the body in a white cloth . jame ( into walkie ) I be come down . the boy 's blood seep through the cloth and stain it red . int bombed out build stair James carry the boy 's body down the narrow corridor . the head and foot bump the side . 86 ext STREET / bombed out build James bring the body out carry it to a blue and white pickup truck emblazon with the logo of the iraqi National Police pull up to they position . a pair of policemen get out and after a few word with James , they load the body . ext bombed out build James watch the police truck drive away . he then move for the humvee , motion for Cambridge to load up . int humvee Sanborn and eldridge sit across from each other , watch James . eldridge .»+- so you think it be that little base rat ? sanborn no I do not . eldridge you positive ? sanborn sure . I do not know . they all look the same , right ? eldridge I do not know . will seem sure . but that be weird . sanborn very weird . cambridge at the donkey cart Cambridge , lose patience with what be now a small crowd of Iraqis , motion with he m4 . cambridge please , just move . please . ishmee ( pronounce the Arabic incorrectly ) . 87 the crowd slowly disperse , amid grumble and cursing . Cambridge wave patronizingly at they as they go , say '' thank you , bye -bye , '' etc . he do not notice that one of the older man have leave on the ground a_white rice bag . int humvee simultaneously , the conversation in the humvee continue : eldridge but then will 's pretty weird . he keep bomb part under he bed . sanborn I bet you he do not keep any of this part under he bed . James crack the door of the humvee , lean inside , see Cambridge - jame ( shouting to Cambridge ) let 's go ! through the humvee windshield : Cambridge , now pleased that the crowd have go , wave good - bye to the entire neighborhood , and , hearing James , step towards the humvee , pass the white rice bag , which suddenly -- -- explode in a a sickening blast --obliterate Cambridge --send he head crash into the humvee , along with a could of debris which instantly blacken the windshield and blot out the sun and we view of everything - int / ext humvee cry of '' ied ! '' '' ied '' as we three soldier stumble out of the vehicle into the rancid air , while other soldier , dash to the scene from all side , scramble to restore order and shout '' it 's the commander '' '' watch you six '' , etc . we follow eldridge , stunne , as he walk into the aftermath and find a smoking helmet on the ground . he pick it up . its nylon cover be burn ; the inside be char . 88 eldridge look down and see body part and bit of uniform strewn on the ground . eldridge where 's Cambridge ? Cambridge ! come on , we get to go ! ( beat ) doc? James rush to eldridge 's side . jame he 's dead . eldridge I just see he ! he be walk right here ! James pull eldridge into a bear hug . eldridge sob . jame he 's dead . he 's dead . ( beat ) but you be alright , buddy . you be alright . CUT to : ext camp victory dusk as the sun set behind he , James lean against a power pole and dial a satellite phone . he hang up . dial again . int suburban home - halfway around the world in a modest mid-western kitchen , the phone ring . a young woman hold a baby rush to get it . woman hello ? ( beat ) will ? hello ? silence on the other end of the line . ext camp victory dusk James hang up and shove the phone back in he pocket . 89 ext camp victory mess tent morning James , smoking , twitchy , watch something ... the older iraqi man who sell dvd at beckham 's usual table . although beckham be not there , the man organize he dvd , business as usual . James stalk up to he . jame hey , let I ask you a question , what happen to the little kid that use to work here ? the man shake he head . dvd man sorry man , no English . jame no English ? now you do not speak English . the little kid ? beckham be he name . he sell dvd . dvd man dvd ? one dvd five dollar . James turn to a nearby infantry guard . jame Excuse I , soldier , be you in charge of this area ? guard what 's up ? jame that guy over there could be a insurgent . ( refer to the dvd merchant ) how do we know he 's not give intel to he buddy , tell they where to drop mortar ? guard I think he 's just sell dvd . jame he 's a security risk . you should get rid of he . guard he 's just sell dvd . all the merchant be clear . ( more ) 159 90 guard ( cont would ) I could not do anything to he without the say - so from my c.o . James , agitate , see that he have no hope of prevaile , turn away and trudge back into Camp Victory 's maze . CUT to : ext . camp victory mess tent hour later it 's the end of the day and the dvd seller pack up he ware to close shop . James , in sunglass , sweatshirt cover he army fatigue , watch he do this , and then follow the man to he truck . as the man start the engine , James jump in the passenger side and threaten with he pistol . jame do this change anything ? speak English now , do not you ? drive ! int iraqi truck the truck pass through a middle - class Baghdad neighborhood and come to a stop at a house surround by a 8 - foot high concrete wall . jame 159 this be the house ? beckham 's house ? the driver nod , sort of . jame wait here . ext baghdad STREET night James get out and jog to the house . he try the front gate , see that it be lock , and while he do the car drive off . if he care , he do not show it . James scale the wall and drop inside the front courtyard . ext iraqi house courtyard a modest courtyard . Light come from one window in the house , the rest be dark . cricket . Inside , a tv be play . James try the front door . it open . 91 int iraqi house hallway in a dark hallway . murmuring of a television . James move towards the noise . int iraqi house antechamber James come to a antechamber . behind it be a very low stone archway . he go through the archway , where - int iraqi house live room a man -- call he kalim -- older , fifty , dress in western fashion , be busy at the sink , wash dish . James walk in , gun raise . kalim drop a dish . James put he finger to he lip , shhhh . jame do you speak English ? kalim English , french , Arabic . jame ( quietly ) good . open you vest . stay there . tell I what you know about beckham . kalim for whom ? jame beckham . the 12 - year old boy , the body bomb . kalim beckham ? I do not know . but please sit down . I be professor kalim , this be my home . you be a guest . please sit down . jame I be a guest ... I be just look for the people responsible . kalim you be CIA , no ? I be very pleased to have CIA in my home . please , sit . 92 as he certainty slip away , James hear rustling and spin to see -- a woman , older , matronly , carry a tea tray . she see James , he gun , and start cursing he in arab , appal that a armed american would come to she house . James step back . her cursing grow fiercer . she raise she tea tray . kalim be careful ! the gun can go off . undaunted , she throw the tray at James . he twist to avoid it , take a few step to the door , and end up hitting he head badly on the concrete archway as he run out of the house . ext . iraqi house / STREET James be shake . he look around and down the street . he run ... and run ... blood run from the wound on he head as he navigate the busy iraqi neighborhood at night , run down street teeming with shopper who stare at he ominously , dodging traffic , move past old men smoking at a cafe who note he panic , by a butcher shop where a entire cow carcass be be unload , and on and on ... we stay with he eye . off the a screeching car as James dash across a street , we CUT to : ext camp victory gate night James , hand hold high over he head , walk up to one of the camp 's check - point , shouting : jame USA friendly come in ! powerful flood light switch on , blind he . then the scream of hype up guard : guard guard stop , get the fuck down . on do not fuck move ! you knee ! guard guard stop ! on you knee , on you knee !! 93 James sink to he knee . guard guard open you fuck jacket ! cover James unzip he sweatshirt and declare : jame I have a weapon ! a guard armed with a shotgun charge out of the glare and kick James to the ground , pin he knee into he back . guard search ! the guard find James 's pistol . he shout : guard jame like I say . ( beat ) do you gun !! weapon 's clear !! want to look at my i.d .? guard what be you do out here ? jame ( gasp ) I be at a whore house . guard ( think it over ) okay , if I let you in , will you tell I where it be exactly ? CUT to : ext camp victory night James step into he trailer . his walkie , sit on a desk , crackle to life . sanborn ( over walkie ) I repeat , do you copy ? do you have you ear on ? James ? jame ( into walkie ) yeah , this be James . what 's up ? 94 int humvee minute later in a bustling parking lot , aglow with headlight from Humvees and troop carry , we find James run towards one humvee , which he jump into . Sanborn be at the wheel and not amused . sanborn we have a tanker explosion in the Green Zone . we have to do a post - blast assessment , see if it be a suicide bomber and if so how he pull it off . ( beat ) so where do you say you be again ? jame I do not , sergeant . let 's go . sanborn what happen to you head , James ? James give no reply . he turn to eldridge . jame ready ? game face buddy . as the humvee roll out of the base , sanborn prelap USA friendly come in ! CUT to : ext baghdad STREET late night a helicopter spotlight illuminate a Hieronymus bosch nightmare of tangle limb and body part . then fire , smoke , and the cry of wail griever and wounded carry on stretcher , ambulance , police , fire truck ... the ghastly , frantic aftermath of a major detonation . they combat flashlight send pierce white beam into this grim spectacle , while in the distance a huge fire , a glowing red inferno at the end of the block , light what we now see be a blast radius that extend for a nearly a mile . move towards the glow fire , past ten foot high flame and the remain of house pulverize to concrete and glass , rubble pile , past scream woman and more bloody wounded be carry away by iraqi police ... 95 they pause to try and help iraqi police save a man pin under a car . he 's drag away like a rag doll . they press on towards the inferno and stop when they notice a hunk of metal . jame oil tanker ? sanborn yup . pretty long flight . move ahead , the man split up , navigate different path through this hectic apocalypse : eldridge a bhurka-clad woman appear out of the distant flame and haze , look disorient , in apparent shock . behind she be a blaze car . on the ground beside the car lie a single black loafer . eldridge see the lone shoe and be at a loss to process its significance . another mind -numbing , soul -numbing casualty of war . sanborn at a gigantic rubble pile , Sanborn reach down to remove chunks of stone cover a body . the stone slide away but another fall in its place . Sanborn look down , see a second man , or what 's leave of a man : head and torso but no leg -- just stump , twitching . around he , grieving family pick through the dead and die with iraqi medic . jame drawing near to the inferno , he move past burn palm tree which erupt into a fountain of ember . and come at last to the burn steel carcase of ... 96 oil tanker a oil tanker . from what 's leave of the twisted metal sub - frame flame twenty foot high scorch the night , like the maw of hell on earth . James stare , transfix by the burn ... the imprint of some insurgent 's plan . his face harden now in a way we have not see before , and as the fire flicker on he feature he seem lose in a private war of he own . the insurgent be out there somewhere . ahab and the whale . sanborn and eldridge Sanborn and eldridge look helplessly at a girl who be trap on the landing of a half - destroy building . she cry for she father . behind they , several platoon of U.S. soldier and iraqi police arrive to secure the boundary of the blast zone . CUT to : edge of blast radius James approach a lemon grove which lie just beyond the fire 's reach . as Sanborn and eldridge walk up behind he , James touch a unblemished lemon nestle among the thorns . jame this be the edge of the blast radius . Sanborn come into view . James nod to he , then stare into the distance , a man possess . jame so where 's we trigger man ? sanborn burnt up in the flame . suicide bomber . you will never find a body . 97 jame but what if there be no body . what if it be a remote det ? ( beat ) a really good bad guy hide out in the dark , right ? this be a perfect vantage point outside the blast radius to set back and watch we -- eldridge you want to go out there ? jame yes I do . eldridge I could stand to get in some trouble . Sanborn look at James and look at the bandage on he head . sanborn no , man , this be bullshit . you get -- what ? -- three infantry platoon here whose job it be to go haji hunt . that 's not we job . jame you do not say ' no 's to I , sergeant . I say ' no 's to you . you know there be guy watch we right now . ( on the move ) we be go . James glower at Sanborn and eldridge and move deeper into a unlit field behind the lemon grove . eldridge shoot Sanborn a sympathetic glance and follow James . Sanborn watch they recede into the darkness . then he run after he team . ext field they move across the dark field , three abreast into the envelop night . we gradually lose sight of they in blackness . see nothing , we hear , however , they breathing , and gravel crunching underfoot . 98 after a long moment of no visibility ... they be faintly visible again in dim florescent light and we see : ext parking lot a shadowy parking lot fill with maroon car , beyond which lie a neighborhood of one - story home and narrow alley . amid the car , the man come across the bullet - shape hull of a intact oil tanker . they crouch beside it , whisper : jame we know where the oil tanker come from . sanborn it 's the same kind . jame we be close . this alley be probably set up in a grid . we be go to split up to flush they out . Sanborn take the first alley . eldridge take two . I get three . rally point at you intersection . ready ? move ! sanborn wait ? rally point ? when ? but James have already dash into the third alley . alley two eldridge , walk slowly , not sure he like be alone . alley three James run confidently , see a few kid in a doorway and tell they to scoot . alley one Sanborn run to make up for be the last to leave . 99 alley two eldridge peer into a abandon house . he think he hear something . spin . it 's nothing . alley one Sanborn slow . catch he breath when suddenly -- --blam , blam , blam - the staccato of gunfire slap off the concrete -- Sanborn dash full speed back to the alley 's open . alley three James turn , run hard back into -- sanborn and jame -- the first intersection , where he see Sanborn and shout jame you get contact ?! sanborn who be it ?! what 's go on ? jame what have you get ?! sanborn it 's eldridge !! alley two they come to eldridge 's alley where they see that a body lie on the ground . they run to it . jame man down !! sanborn eldridge !! 100 as they draw close they see not eldridge but the body of a iraqi insurgent , dead from gunshot wound . jame it 's not he . sanborn he 's go ?! a moment of decision . sanborn that way be towards the tanker , troops . they run down the alley into a maze of narrow street and dimly light corridor . narrow STREET turn a corner , they catch a fleeting glimpse of eldridge be drag away by two insurgent . before they can fire , the man be go . corner they run to this corner and prepare to spin around it and shoot . James hand Sanborn he flashlight . jame hit ‘em with both light . one , two , three ! dark corner they spin around the corner and flash light revealing nothing but a empty street . next alley they sprint to the next block , and again see eldridge be drag . jame one , two , three . 101 again , they aim and spin : Sanborn shine the light - beam eldridge and the two insurgent -- and James fire two short burst from he m4 . the two insurgent collapse . but eldridge also go down . running up , James and Sanborn see the insurgent be motionless , shot clean . one bullet , however , have go astray into eldridge 's leg and he 's bleed profusely . jame eldridge you okay ? eldridge I be hit ! as James and Sanborn apply first aide : sanborn you hit he in the leg ! eldridge ( panting ) be I dead ? sanborn no , you be alright . jame you be fine . eldridge look to Sanborn for confirmation that wound be indeed not mortal . eldridge be I dead ? be I dead ? be I dead ? as Sanborn and James yank eldridge off the ground , he scream in pain . CUT to : int camp victory shower stall later that night James trudge into a empty bathroom and look at himself in the mirror . see the faraway expression of a man lose to the war . 102 his shirt be crimson with eldridge 's blood . he step inside a shower stall , still dress in full battle rattle , and turn on the hot faucet . the water stream over he ... and he let go , punch the wall , thrashing he arm , then sink down sobbing , break , as he uniform soak through and the reddish pink water swirl down the drain . ext camp victory head shed morning look fine and wear a fresh clean uniform , James stride purposely out of the head shed toward a wait humvee in the parking lot . he see on the other side of the parking lot ... none other than beckham , who happily shout to he : beckham hey , what 's up man ? hey boomala , boomala , wanna busy some dvd , play some soccer ! James stop . he stare . what can he say ? the boy be fine . his jihad be pointless . insane . unable to face the kid and unwilling to explain , James turn away and stiffly get into the humvee . the humvee roar to life and drive away . beckham watch it go , hurt , confuse . prelap : the rotar wash of a helicopter prepare to fly . ext camp victory tarmac morning two soldier load eldridge , strapped to a stretcher , onto a transport helicopter . Sanborn and James run across the helipad to wish he good - bye . jame how you do ? Doc say you will be okay . 103 eldridge my femur be shattered in nine place . he say I will be walk in six month if , I be lucky . jame six be not bad . eldridge not bad ? it fuck suck man . eldridge be jostle as he get put down ; he cry out in pain . eldridge ( angrily ) you see that ! that 's what happen when you shoot somebody , you motherfucker . jame I be sorry . sorry . eldridge you be sorry ? fuck you , will . really fuck you . thanks for save my life but we do not have to go out look for trouble so you could get you adrenaline fix , you fuck war mongerer . James be crestfallen . a U.S. medivac crew member look at Sanborn and give a hand signal to wrap it up : time to go . eldridge ( to Sanborn ) take care of yourself , Owen . sanborn ( grab eldridge 's hand ) get home safe . see you on the other side . as the helicopter door slam close , eldridge shout '' let get out of this desert . '' James and Sanborn step back from the rotor wash . James turn to say something to Sanborn . but he 's already walk away . 104 soldier prelap ( shouting ) do not move ! if you keep walk , we will shoot you ! CUT to : ext baghdad STREET checkpoint late afternoon a young sergeant at a checkpoint raise he m4 and shout nervously at a bewilder iragi man in a black suit . the man 's hand be raise . he 's stand alone in the middle of a square which have be clear of all other pedestrian , and which be flanke by US army soldier and a translator disguise he identity by wear a black ski mask . sergeant do not move ! keep that translator back ! translator but the bomb be force on he . sergeant do not move . stay still . if you keep walk we will shoot you . shout in arabic as the translator convey this command . title : day left in bravo company 's rotation : 2 James wear he bomb suit , approach the scene , while Sanborn follow close behind he in the humvee . sergeant keep that translator back . one of the soldier grab the translator , while other , see James , shout '' give he room , '' '' let he through , '' etc . translator ( to the soldier ) but the bomb be force on he . against he will . he be not a bad man ! James and the sergeant huddle . 105 sergeant he come walk up to we checkpoint , say he have a bomb strapped to he . he be sorry . he do not want it to go off . then he start begging we to take it off he . translator ( to James ) help this man . he 's not a bad man . sanborn not a bad man ? he 's get a bomb strapped to he . ( to James ) this be a trap . he want to draw we close . jame ( to translator ) tell he to open he shirt , slowly . I need to see what 's inside . the translator shout in Arabic . the man unbutton he jacket , revealing ... clamp to he chest be a metal cage , lock with padlock , and load with block of c4 wrap in nail . jame ( to the soldier ) I would need a seventy five meter perimeter . ( to translator ) tell he to get on he knee and touch the sky . get down ! the translator shout . the man in the black suit , grip with despair , drop to he knee and raise he hand . sergeant can we just shoot he ? as James consider that option when -- translator no . he 's not a bad man . he have a family . the bomb be force on he . he be ask for help . only help . 106 jame ( to translator ) I want you to get back . I get it . Sanborn pull James aside for a private moment and plead with he to be careful : sanborn we have have we difference . eldridge . it happen . that 's water under the bridge . but this -- this be suicide . James consider . Sanborn 's right , of course . but he can not help himself . like a moth to a flame , this be what he do . jame that 's why it 's call a suicide bomb , right ? Sanborn reluctantly seal James in the helmet . they bang fist . downrange near suicide bomber James grab a nearby soldier 's walkie , then start the walk downrange . Soldiers move back to they perimeter ... pedestrian gather for a look . Soldiers scatter they quickly . Black suit smile thinly as James near . James nod at he . the man nod , frighten . black suit inshalla . inshalla . jame put you hand up ! translator he say he have a family , James kneel down to get a closer look at the bomb strapped to the man 's belly . he take out he 9 mm and put it on the guy 's forehead . cock the trigger . jame look , it would be a lot easier for I to disarm this if I just shoot you . do you understand ? 107 black suit reply in Arabic . jame ( into walkie ) what be he say ? uprange from suicide bomber translator ( over walkie ) he say , I do not wish to die . I have a family . please take this off I . downrange near suicide bomber James hold he walkie up for the man to hear the translator . jame ( headset ) tell he to put he hand behind he head or I will be very happy to shoot he . translator convey this to black suit in Arabic . black suit start yell in Arabic . forehead wet with sweat . translator ( over walkie ) he say , please hurry he have a family . jame ( to translator ) look , it 's not what I say . tell he to put he hand behind he head or I will shoot he . James hold the walkie up to the man 's ear , '' listen , '' '' do you understand ? '' now James sink to he knee and examine the bomb , all the while keep he pistol on the man 's head . there be a forest of wire . he push they aside , revealing a cheap casio digital watch , which be count down from five minute . 108 jame ( headset ) Sanborn , we get a timer . we get a lot of wire . I need a little help on this . sanborn ( over headset ) Roger that , what do you need ? James feel around the bomb . it 's strapped to the black suit man with heavy gauge metal . the man shake . jame ( headset ) bolt cutter . but you get two minute to get down here . sanborn ( over walkie ) Roger that . I will be there in thirty second . humvee Sanborn be already run towards the truck when he hear James . downrange near suicide bomber James press the man 's head to comfort he . jame ( to man ) I know . its 's okay . you be alright . the casio watch be at 4:30 . uprange from suicide bomber Sanborn run hard with the bolt cutter . downrange near suicide bomber Sanborn hand James the cutter . the man be cry . Sanborn see the casio . it read 4:00 109 sanborn you be not kid . jame nope . James work the cutter blade . ecu : bolt cutter . it scrape futilely against the metal . jame ( sotto ) what be this make out of ? sanborn case harden steel . James double he effort . ecu : bolt cutter . the blade bite the steel , but it do not give . James squeeze with all he might . sanborn what 's we time ? jame two minute . jame we would need torch to get this off . sanborn we do not have one of that in the truck . he 's a dead man . ecu : casio watch 1:46 . jame hold on let I think . we get this . I can handle it . I be go to look at the back . Sanborn nod . his hand be start to shake . James go behind the man , and rip open the back of he shirt , revealing the back of the bomb . here too it be a weld band , but the metal look thin . James work it with the cutter . ecu : casio watch 1:30 . 110 jame we do not have enough time , Sanborn . we do not have enough time . I have to get this bolt off . sanborn we at a minute and a half , we get to get out of here . jame I will handle this . go. sanborn look , will , come on -- jame go. sanborn fuck he , come on , man . James -- jame Sanborn you have forty five second . you have forty five second . just leave ! sanborn he 's a dead man , will ! jame go! Sanborn run uprange . sanborn ( shouting to soldier ) get back !!! everybody get back !!! the soldier turn and run . James strain to clip the metal bar of the lock , put all of he weight into the effort . finally , the blade slice . ecu : break lock fall to the ground . James see that he have four more lock more to cut . the time be tick down to 20 second . James bring himself face - to- face with the man he can not save . 111 jame I can not there 's too many lock . I can not do it . I can not get it off . I be sorry . black suit ( in Arabic ) please , please , please -- jame I be sorry . you hear I ? I be sorry ? black suit ( in Arabic ) help I . help I ! James drop the bolt cutter , kneel down in front of the man , and shake he head . that 's it . the man understand James 's gesture . he reach forward , grab James 's suit . black suit ( in Arabic ) no ! no ! please James brushes he hand away . jame I be sorry . James turn he back to the man and run for cover . -- James run , arm akimbo -- the Black suit man stand up and cry out to allah ! boom ! ! -- he explode and a hailstorm of particulate matter come fly at 22,000 foot per second straight at we -- chunks of molten metal hit James , knock he to the ground -- Sanborn , diving to keep the translator behind a barrier , be graze by shrapnel . 112 ext downrange / blast site James 's white face ; blood seep from he nose . then as if overcome great resistance he heart turn over with a loud beat . and as Sanborn recover and shout order , '' everybody out '' in the background , James open he eye to the sky . a kite flutter overhead . CUT to : ext humvee dusk the humvee chug through a crowded neighborhood . traffic thicken . shadows against a dimming sky . int humvee dusk James drive . Sanborn be in the passenger seat cover in grime and dust . jame you alright ? sanborn no man . I hate this place James pass Sanborn some gatorade . jame have a hit . Sanborn drink , grateful , and put the gatorade down . then he look at James . sanborn I be not ready to die , James . jame you be not go to die out here , bro . Sanborn shake he head . unconsciously , he finger touch he neck , find the expose area above the collar of he body armor . sanborn another two inch . shrapnel go zing -- slice my throat . ( more ) 113 sanborn ( cont would ) I bleed out like a pig in the sand . nobody will give a shit . I mean my parent , they care , but they do not count . who else ? ( beat ) I do not even have a son . jame you be go to have plenty of time for that . sanborn no man , I be do . ( beat ) I want a son . I want a little boy , will . a long beat . sanborn I mean , how do you do it ? take the risk ? jame I do not know . I guess I do not think about it . sanborn but you know what I be talk about , right ? every time we go out , you throw the dice . you recognize that , right ? jame yeah . I do . but I do not know why . do you know why -- I be the way I be ? Sanborn think on this . after a beat - sanborn no I do not . they exchange a long look . Brothers at last . ext humvee a gang of laugh kide throw rock at the armored humvee . time CUT to : 114 int knoxville , tennessee supermarket month later we be walk with James down a wide , polished aisle , past shelf of freeze treat glisten behind reflective glass , in the shiny and perfectly sterile cathedral to consumerism otherwise know as a supermarket . James look different here , awkward , less sure of himself . with he hair grow - in and he dreamy expression , he could be just another suburban softy push a shopping cart . he 's home but this be clearly not where he life . a beautiful young woman approach he from the other end of the aisle . she too be push a shopping cart and in it be a small boy . she smile at James and say : young woman honey , will you grab some cereal and I will meet you at the checkout . connie jame smile again and pat she husband on the shoulder . as she walk away , he mumble : jame where 's the cereal ? but she 's already out of ear shot . cereal aisle James stare at the row and row of cereal box , a medley of different brand all contain the same sugar and coloring and starch . he look this way and that . thrown by the abundant choice after the starkness of Baghdad , he can not decide which brand be he . he reach for a box , then pull back , still unsure of himself . give up , he pick a box at random and toss it into the cart . 115 ext knoxville jame house front yard late afternoon some day later rain water . falling leave . James be clean out the gutter , work under a overcast sky . int knoxville jame house live room evening James zone out in front of a snowy tv ; the glow play on he face . int knoxville kitchen next morning domesticity . connie peel a pile of carrot . James wash mushroom in the sink . he try to clean they individually but they crumble in he hand . jame some guy drive he truck into a middle of a iraqi market . he start pass out free candy . all the kid come run up - he detonate . ( beat ) they be say fifty nine dead ... she 's hear this kind of story before and know where it end . she can not bring herself to reply . jame you know they need more bomb tech . connie ( hand James the carrot ) will you chop this up for I ? jame prelap boing ! boing ! boing ! int jame ' son 's bedroom later that night bedtime . James be put he son to sleep in a room decorate with mobile and colorful wall hanging . he set the mobile spin . 116 jame boing ! boing ! the boy giggle and reach up . on the bed be a Jack - in-the - box , which James pick up and wind . he open the toy for he son who squeal with delight , eye wide with admiration for he daddy . daddy , however , be not sure where to go with this .. a odd moment for the wild - man of Baghdad : play the awkward dad to he ador child James look into he son 's unconditionally loving eye . something he see there prompt a confession : jame you love play with that , do not you ..? you love all you stuff animal . you love you mommy , you daddy . you love you pajamas ... you love everything , do not you ? James playfully spin the mobile . the boy laugh at the whirring color . jame but you know what buddy , as you get older some of the thing that you love might not seem so special anymore . you know ? like you Jack - in - the - box . the boy touch the jack-in- the - box , smile beautifully . jame maybe ... you will realize it 's just a piece of tin and a stuff animal . and the older you get , the fewer thing you really love . ( beat ) by the time you get to be my age , maybe it 's only one -- or two -- thing . James pause . his son continue to giggle and play . jame with I , I think it 's one . CUT to : 117 ext baghdad tarmac -- sonic overload of a C - 130 airplane landing . wheel touch down on tarmac . int ext airplane the hydraulics of a load ramp engage , lowering the ramp , and revealing a troop of young soldier inside the belly of the plane . pass over they frighten face , we find one man who look remarkably at ease . James . the soldier disembark and we follow James as he leave the plane and greet a another young eod soldier who have be wait for he on the tarmac . soldier welcome to delta-company . James shake he hand . a Middle - Eastern sun bathes James 's upturn face lengthen into a smile . his pace slow ... the tarmac transition to dirt as little puff of dust lift off he continuous passage . he be now in the bomb suit and we be -- ext . baghdad outskirt day on yet another war-torn street . two fresh face eod soldier observe James as he make another lonely walk down a empty block ... head to a bomb . -- James ' face glisten with pleasure -- the noon day sun shimmer on he helmet shield title : day left in delta company rotation : 365 118 and we watch he go down the unnamed road until he disappear . end