the Royal tenenbaum by wes Anderson & Owen Wilson MAIN cast royal tenenbaum etheline tenenbaum chas tenenbaum margot tenenbaum richie tenenbaum eli cash henry sherman raleigh ST . clair dusty pagoda narrator ari tenenbaum uzi tenenbaum gene hackman anjelica Houston Ben stiller gwyneth paltrow luke Wilson Owen Wilson Danny glover Bill Murray seymour cassel Kumar pallana alec baldwin grant rosenmeyer jonah meyerson insert : a first edition copy of the Royal tenenbaum . on the dust jacket there be a illustration of a cream - color note card that look like a wedding invitation . the title of the book be engrave on the card . the next page say '' chapter one . '' narrator ( v.o. ) Royal tenenbaum buy the house on archer Avenue in the winter of he thirty - fifth year . CUT to : a five -story limestone townhouse . a forty - three - year- old man in a raincoat ring the front doorbell . he be Royal . narrator ( cont ’d ) over the next decade , he and he wife have three child and then they separate . int . dine room . day . Royal sit at the head of a long table . he be surround by he child . chas be twelve , with curly hair , dress in a black suit and tie . margot be ten , with a barrette in she hair , wear a knitted lacoste dress and penny loafer . richie be eight , with long hair , parte on the side , dress in a bjorn borg - style tennis outfit with a headband . chas wear a blank expression , margot look as if she be about to cry , and richie have tear all over he face . margot be you get divorced ? royal ( gently ) at the moment , no . but it do not look good . richie do you still love we ? royal of course , I do . chas ( pointedly ) do you still love Mom ? ( continued ) continued : royal very much . but she ask I to leave , and I have to respect she position on the matter . margot be it we fault ? royal ( long pause ) no. obviously , we have to make certain sacrifice as a result of have child , but no . Lord , no . richie why have she ask you to leave ? royal ( sadly ) I do not really know any more . maybe I be not as true to she as I could have be . chas well , she say -- royal let 's not rehash it , chassie . a indian man with salt - and - pepper hair , dress in pink pants , a white shirt and a white apron , come in from the kitchen with a martini on a tray . he be pagoda . narrator ( v.o. ) they be never legally divorced . pagoda hand Royal the martini . royal thanks , pagoda . int . hallway . day . a gallery of the child 's art , do mostly in crayon , but with beautiful frame and careful lighting . the subject matter include : spaceship , wild animal , sailboat , motorcycle , and war scene with tank and paratrooper . a stuff and mount boar 's head with its tooth bare hang in the stairwell . a label on it say '' Wild javelina , ande Mountains . '' under the stair there be a telephone room the size of a closet . Old message be tack to the wall , and the child 's height be mark on the door frame . a thirty - three - year- old woman with a scarf around she neck and sunglass on top of she head talk on a rotary telephone . she be etheline . ( continued ) continued : richie sit on she lap read a atlas of the World . margot sit on a foot-stool read the cherry orchard . chas stand in the doorway with a slip of blue paper in he hand . narrator ( v.o. ) etheline tenenbaum keep the house and raise the child , and they education be she high priority . etheline say into the telephone : etheline I 'il hold , thank you . chas I need $ 187 . etheline ( pause ) write yourself a check . chas hand etheline the slip of blue paper . insert : a cheque make out in the amount of $ 187 . etheline sign it . CUT to : chas take back the cheque . etheline say into the telephone : etheline ( cont ’d ) bene . si. grazie mille . etheline hang up . there be a schedule of activity -- guitar , ballet , yoga , scuba-dive -- write on a chalkboard behind she and divide into column label chas , richie and margot . she change a italian lesson from 4:30 to 5:30 . narrator ( v.o. ) she write a book on the subject . insert : a copy of etheline tenenbaum 's book , family of geniuse . on the dust jacket there be a photograph of the three child conduct a press conference in a room crowded with journalist . it appear to have be publish in the late seventies . CUT to : the press conference . chas point to a reporter . chas the gentleman in the blue cardigan , please . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) reporter thank you . I have a two - part question . chas go ahead . int . chas 's bedroom . day . chas 's room look like a businessman 's office , except it be very small and have bunk bed . there be a desk with a Apple ii computer and a electric coffee pot on it . there be a water cooler in the corner , with a paper cup dispenser . chas stand talk on the telephone while etheline bring in he lunch on a tray . narrator ( v.o. ) chas tenenbaum have , since elementary school , take most of he meal in he room , stand up at he desk with a cup of coffee , to save time . on a shelf in a alcove there be ten cage connect together by plastic tube . White mouse with tiny black spot all over they race around outside the cage . chas feed one of they a drop of blue liquid from a test tube . narrator ( cont ’d ) in the sixth grade , he go into business , breeding dalmation mouse , which he sell to a pet shop in Little Tokyo . there be twenty - five pinstripe suit in boy 's size twelve and a electric tie rack hang in the closet . chas push a button on the tie rack and the tie glide along a track . narrator ( cont ’d ) he start buy real estate in he early teens and seem to have a almost preternatural understanding of international finance . there be a small weightlifting bench and punchbag in the corner . there be a set of exercise chart neatly draw with feel - tip pen tack on the wall . chas bench - press about fifty pound on a small barbell . narrator ( cont ’d ) he negotiate the purchase of he father 's summer house on Eagle 's Island . ext . backyard . day . a house in the country . chas crouch in the bush with a bb gun . across the lawn , he see two young boy with bb gun drop down from a tree . ( continued ) continued : one of the boy be richie , and the other have nearly - white blond hair . he be eli . he wear Apache warpaint . chas get richie in he sight . royal hold it , chassie . chas freeze . he look up and see Royal watch from the roof with a bb gun train on he . Royal be dress in khaki pants , sunglass and no shirt . chas what be you do ? you be on my team ! royal ( hesitates ) there be no team . Royal fire . chas scream and fire back as Royal scramble away , laugh . narrator ( v.o. ) the bb be still lodge between two knuckle in chas 's leave hand . int . margot 's bedroom . day . the wall of margot 's room be red , with little run zebras paint all over they . there be a collection of African mask hang in the corner . margot sit at a small metal stand , type on a IBM typewriter . narrator ( v.o. ) margot tenenbaum be adopt at the age of two . her father have always note this when introduce she . CUT to : a cocktail party . Royal introduce margot to a group of elderly man in black tie . royal this be my adopt daughter , margot tenenbaum . margot nod politely . CUT to : a wall fill with bookshelve . there be thousand of book of play . margot take out a copy of the iceman cometh . narrator ( v.o. ) she be a playwright and win a braverman grant of fifty - thousand dollar in the ninth grade . ( continued ) continued : there be a mock - up of a stage set for a play that appear to have take place in a network of tree house on a tropical island . margot place a tiny canoe beneath a palm tree . narrator ( cont ’d ) she and she brother richie run away from home one winter and campe out in the African wing of the Public Archives . ext . museum . day . richie and margot sit on a bench in front of a large gothic building . richie have on a small backpack with a sleep bag attach to it . margot carry a small red suitcase . they both look extremely dishevel and tired . a single - file line of student in Catholic school uniform go past they follow a museum guide . eli be at the end of the line . he stop and stare at margot and richie . richie hi , eli . eli you say I could run away , too . margot no , I do not . and do not tell anybody you see we . CUT to : richie and margot share a Boy scout sleep bag on a bench in a gallery of wildlife diorama in a darken museum . margot read a book about shark by the light of a flashlight . richie be asleep . narrator ( v.o . ) four year later , she disappear alone for almost two week and come back with half a finger miss . insert : a pair of knitted glove . one finger have be clipped off at the middle knuckle and be be sewn up . int . richie 's bedroom . day . richie 's room be in the attic . there be a chemistry set , a drum set and a long shelf fill with tennis trophy . richie sit on the edge of he bed . narrator ( v.o . ) richie tenenbaum have be a champion tennis player since the third grade . ( continued ) continued : there be thousand of matchbox car arrange on every available inch of space on table , desk and window sill . richie park a little maserati next to a dune buggy . narrator ( cont ’d ) he turn pro at seventeen and win the U.S. national three year in a row . there be a ham radio set in the corner of the room . richie sit at the console wear a set of headphone . there be a map of the world on the wall , with color pin stick in different city . narrator ( cont ’d ) he keep a studio in the corner of the ballroom but have fail to develop as a painter . CUT to : a ballroom with vault ceiling and a giant chandelier on the top floor of the house . one corner be fill with seventeen almost identical portrait of margot look over the top of a book with a irritate expression . etheline help richie hang a new portrait among the other . narrator ( cont ’d ) on weekend , Royal take he on outing around the city . ext . STREET . day . Royal and richie stand among a group of Puerto rican man as two large , vicious - look pit bull with scar all over they snarl at each other . Royal yell along with the other : royal vamanos ! andale ! Royal throw a fifty - dollar bill into a pile of money on the sidewalk . richie throw in a dollar . narrator ( v.o. ) this invitation be never extend to anyone else . CUT to : the second floor of the tenenbaum house . chas sit alone in one window . margot sit alone in the next . they both watch as Royal and richie get out of a gypsy cab in front of the house , share a bag of peanut and laugh . there be a slightly run-down thirty - five-story apartment building across the street . eli sit alone in a window . int . apartment . day . a two -room apartment with a crucifix on the wall . eli finish make he bed and fold it into the couch . a elderly woman work at a sewing machine in the next room . narrator ( v.o. ) richie 's best friend eli Cash live with he aunt in a building across the street . ext . STREET . day . eli walk up the front step of the tenenbaum house and ring the doorbell . he wear a set of house key on a string around he neck . pagoda open the door . he be dress in pajamas , slipper and a bathrobe . he let eli inside . narrator ( v.o. ) he be a regular fixture at family gathering , holiday , morning before school and most afternoon . CUT to : the tenenbaum house at night . there be string of color light glow around the front door and white paper bag with candle in they on the step . Royal ring the front doorbell . he carry a small package wrap in red-and- pink - stripe paper with a white ribbon on it . narrator ( cont ’d ) the three tenenbaum child perform margot 's first play on the night of she eleventh birthday . int . ballroom . night . there be twenty eleven - year- old wear party hat . margot , chas and richie be in costume . margot be a zebra , chas be a bear and richie be a leopard . eli be dress in pajamas . Royal sit at a table with they , drink a glass of whiskey . narrator ( v.o. ) they have agree to invite they father to the party . there be a small stage - set across the room for a play that appear to have take place on a ship . chas what have you think , dad ? royal it do not seem believable to I . ( continued ) continued : chas look at margot . she be silent . Royal say to eli : royal ( cont ’d ) why be you wear pajamas ? do you live here ? richie he have permission to sleep over . Royal shake he head . chas do you think the character be -- royal what character ? it be just a bunch of little kid dress in animal costume . margot goodnight , everyone . margot quickly collect she unopen present from the table . she put Royal 's aside and set it in front of he . royal sweetie . do not get mad . that 's just one man 's opinion . the light go down . Royal look across the room . etheline stand in the doorway with a birthday cake on a tray . the candle be light . she look furious . pagoda stand at the light switch . everyone begin to sing '' happy birthday . '' margot walk out of the room , and the sing disintegrate . narrator he have not be invite to any of they party since . etheline blow out the candle . ext . roof . day . there be a large antenna for richie 's ham radio and a wooden coop with a falcon in it . the falcon have a hood over its eye . richie open the coop , carefully remove the falcon 's hood , and feed he some sardine from a tin . narrator ( v.o . ) in fact , virtually all memory of the brilliance of the young tenenbaum have be erase by two decade of betrayal , failure and disaster . richie carry the falcon on he arm to the edge of the roof . richie go , mordecai . ( continued ) 10 . continued : the falcon spread its wing and lunge into the sky . montage : ( the name of each of we character and the name of the actor play they appear over the follow shot . ) Royal tenenbaum sit in a chair in he hotel suite with no shirt on and a towel wrap around he face . a woman ina white apron lift off the towel , and Royal look in the mirror . he be now sixty -six , with grey hair , white at the temple , wear very long in the back . he be get a facial , and there be strip of blue cellophane cover he face . the woman quickly peel they away and begin to massage he temple . Royal light a cigarette at the end of a three - inch holder . etheline tenenbaum draw eyeliner around she eye in the dress mirror . she be fifty - five and have long , black hair with one silver streak that run through it . she wear a pink slip and a gold locket . the wall behind she be fill with portrait of tribesman and native warrior from around the world . she hold up a pair of prescription sunglass and look at herself . she lower they and do she lipstick . chas tenenbaum shave in the locker room of a box gym . steam fill the air . he be thirty - six and in top fight condition . ari and uzi tenenbaum be on either side of he . they be eight and ten . they be also shave , but with no blade in they razor . all three have extremely curly black hair . margot tenenbaum be at a hairdresser 's with three people work on she at once . she be thirty - four . her hair be be dyed , and there be little clamp and bit of foil twisted into it . she be smoking a cigarette , and she blow a puff of smoke as the hair dryer be lower onto she head . she hold a open copy of a book of play by George Bernard Shaw . she have one fake finger make of wood . eli Cash be in the fitting room of a clothing store have a white buckskin jacket with fringe take in . a tailor pull at the hem of the jacket and stick pin in the sleeve . the tailor 's helper bring eli a cup of tea and some cucumber sandwich . eli pick out a sandwich . a second helper hand he a short - brimm stetson cowboy hat . he put it on at a angle and stare at himself . releigh St. Clair brushes he tooth with a electric toothbrush in a very small , white - tile bathroom . he have a full , gray beard and round glass , and he be dress in red silk pajamas with white piping . he stop suddenly , pick up a tape recorder off the edge of the sink , and excitedly dictate something into it . he put the tape recorder back on the sink and start brush he tooth again . ( continued ) 11 . continued : ( 2 ) Henry sherman stand in front of a mirrore wall ina vestibule of he building . he be a tall black man , fifty - six year old , with grey hair and a moustache . he wear a double - breast navy blazer . he carefully fold a checker handkerchief and tuck it into he breast pocket . there be a hand - lettere sign regard trash and recycle tape to the wall behind he , underneath a row of mailbox . it be sign H. sherman , the landlord , in red ink . richie tenenbaum look at himself in the mirror in he stateroom on board a ocean liner . he be thirty - two , with long hair , parte on the side , and a beard . he wear a khaki suit , a stripe tennis shirt , a headband , and penny loafer . the ocean go by at a fast clip in the porthole behind he . a towel on the dresser say the cote do ivoire in red stitching . he take out a little camera . he point it at he reflection , smile sadly , and take a picture of himself . he put the camera back into he pocket and go out the door . insert : page 22 of the Royal tenenbaum . it say '' chapter two . '' int . HOTEL room . day . Royal 's suite at the lindbergh Palace Hotel . there be shelf full of law book and hundred of spy novel in stack on the floor . there be a set of encyclopedia britannica , a exercise bicycle and a xerox machine . Royal lie on he stomach on a massage table get a massage from a young asian woman . the manager of the hotel stand in front of Royal with a piece of paper in he hand . manager I have be instruct to refuse any further charge on you room account and to direct you in write to please vacate the premise by the end of the month . the manager hand Royal the piece of paper . Royal point to the masseuse . royal what about sing - sang ? I owe she a hundred . the manager look to the masseuse . narrator ( v.o. ) Royal have live in the lindbergh Palace Hotel for twenty - two year . insert : ( continued ) 12 . continued : a letter type on lindbergh Palace Hotel stationary . it begin : dear Mr. tenenbaum , in light of you continue failure to remit any form of payment , we have no -- CUT to : the masseuse . she do not appear to understand English . manager can you pay she in cash ? Royal shake he head . the manager hesitates . narrator ( v.o. ) he be a prominent litigator until the mid-eighty , when he be disbarre and briefly imprison . CUT to : Royal stand in the window look out at the fall snow as sing - sang fold up the massage table behind he . he light a cigarette . narrator ( cont ’d ) no one in he family have speak to he in three year . int . radio room . day . the radio room on board the cote d' ivoire . there be computer terminal , short - wave radio , map on the wall , and a crew of technician in white uniform . there be a mist outside the window , and a oil tanker in the distance . the radio operator finish type a message into a keyboard and look up to richie . richie read it back to I so far , pietro . radio operator dear eli , I be in the middle of the ocean . I have not leave my room in four day . I have never be more lonely in my life , and I think I be in love with margot . the radio operator look to richie . richie nod . richie New paragraph . ( continued ) 13 . continued : richie take a sip of a bloody Mary . narrator ( v.o. ) richie have retire from professional tennis at twenty - six . his last match have be widely discuss in the media . insert : a copy of the sport Press magazine . on the cover , there be a photograph of richie stand at the baseline of a tennis court . he wear no shoe and only one sock , and there be tear all over he face . the stand behind he be fill with confuse fan . a caption across the page say '' meltdown ! '' and , in smaller letter , '' tenenbaum suffer mid - match nervous collapse in the semis at windswept field . '' CUT to : richie dictating to the radio operator . richie you friend , richie . end of letter . richie sign a slip of paper and hand it to the radio operator . he wrap a scarf around he neck and go out the door . narrator ( v.o. ) for the past year he have be travel alone on a ocean liner call the cote do ivoire and have see both pole , five ocean , the amazon and the Nile . int . library . night . eli stand at a podium read from a book to a crowded audience . a telegram mark '' ship to shore '' be tuck into he coat pocket . his voice be quietly dramatic . eli the cricket and the rust - beetle scuttle among the nettle of the sagethicket . vamanos , amigo , he whisper , and throw the bust leather flintscraw over the loose weave of the saddlecock . and they ride on in the friscalate dusklight . eli look up . he close he book . the audience applaud uproariously . narrator ( v.o. ) eli be a assistant professor of English literature at brook College . the recent publication of he second novel -- ( continued ) 14 . continued : insert : a copy of eli Cash 's latest book , Old custer . on the dust jacket there be a illustration of a indian in warpaint with a long , bloody knife clasped between he tooth and a yellow scalp hang from he hand . int . lobby . night . eli walk among the card catalogue surround by a crowd of admirer . narrator ( v.o. ) -- have earn he a sudden , unexpected literary celebrity . CUT to : eli stand near the circulation desk with a group of professor drink cocktail . eli well , everyone know custer die at Little bighorn . what this book presuppose be : ( tentatively ) maybe he do not ? eli shrug and smile . CUT to : eli place a call from a pay phone in the lobby . he unfold a newspaper clipping and look at it while he wait . he say suddenly into the receiver : eli ( cont ’d ) let I ask you something . why would a reviewer make the point of say someone 's not a genius ? I mean , do you think I be especially not a genius ? be not that -- someone give eli a book to sign . he scribbles he name on it and hand it back without look . he say sadly : eli ( cont ’d ) you do not even have to think about it , do you ? int . bathroom . night . the bathroom of margot 's and Raleigh 's apartment . margot sit indian -style on the counter painting she toenail red and talk on the telephone . there be cotton ball between she toe , and she have a towel wrap around she . ( continued ) 15 . continued : hot water run full blast in the bathtub . a little black - and - white television set be tune in to the six o'clock news with the sound turn off . margot whisper into the telephone : margot well , I just do not use that word lightly . margot take a drag of a cigarette balanced at the edge of the sink . there be knock on the door . margot do not look up . margot ( cont 'd ) I have to go , eli . margot hang up the telephone . there be another knock . raleigh margot ? Raleigh have a English accent with a lisp . margot answer without take the cigarette out of she mouth . margot uh-huh ? raleigh May I come in , please ? margot put out she cigarette . she wave the smoke away , turn on a little electric fan , and spray perfume into the air with a atomizer . she reach over and unlock the door with she foot . Raleigh crack open the door and look inside . he be wear red pajamas and a camel ’s-hair bathrobe . he seem worried and intimidate . narrator ( v.o. ) margot be marry to the writer and neurologist Raleigh St. Clair . insert : a copy of Raleigh St. Clair 's latest book , the peculiar neuro - degenerative inhabitant of the kazawa atoll . on the dust jacket , there be a photograph of Raleigh -- dress in a speedo , with goggle on top of he head -- on a beach , stand next to a kasawa . the kasawa stare at he curiously . CUT to : Raleigh look in the bathroom doorway . raleigh how be you , my darling ? ( continued ) 16 . continued : ( 2 ) margot Fine , thank you . margot blow on she toenail . raleigh you must eat something . shall I make you dinner ? margot no , thank you . margot tap she finger on the counter . the wooden one make a click sound . she look to Raleigh . Raleigh hesitates . he go out suddenly and close the door . margot reach over with she foot and lock it . narrator ( v.o. ) she be know for she extreme secrecy . for example , none of the tenenbaum know she be a smoker , which she have be since the age of twelve . margot open a box of q-tip . there be a cigarette hide inside . she take it out and light it . narrator ( cont ’d ) nor be they aware of she first marriage and divorce to a recording artist in Jamaica . insert : a remainder copy of desmond Winston Manchester XI 's lp record dynamite stick . on the sleeve there be a photograph of five rastafarian stand in front of a metal shack . a young margot stand behind they partly hide in the door frame . she be dress in a string bikini . narrator ( cont ’d ) she keep a private studio in mockingbird Heights under the name helen Scott . int . studio . day . a small room with one wooden chair and a metal stand with a IBM electric typewriter on it . there be poster for several of margot 's play lean against the wall . the title include : static electricity , erotic transference and nakedness tonight . narrator ( v.o. ) she have not complete a play in seven year . 17 . int . raleigh 's laboratory . day . Raleigh 's basement . Raleigh sit at a table , across from a fifteen - year - old boy in a plaid fishing hat with '' Dudley '' stitched across the front . Raleigh be dress in a turtleneck shirt and a corduroy blazer with suede patch on the elbow . the boy have a earphone in he ear . he wear Henry Aaron -style flip - up sunglass . Raleigh and Dudley both have a set of building block in front of they . Raleigh 's be arrange in the shape of a symmetrical cross . Dudley 's be strewn out randomly . a cardboard screen stand in between the two set of block . Raleigh say into he tape recorder : raleigh seventeen October . third examination of Dudley heinsberge . Raleigh lift the cardboard screen and look to Dudley . raleigh ( cont ’d ) all right , Dudley . make yours look like mine . Dudley set to work , move he block around slowly . narrator ( v.o. ) Raleigh 's next book be on the subject of a condition he call heinsberge 's syndrome . Dudley finish arrange he block into the shape of a lop - sided octagon with branch come out of it . dudley done . Raleigh begin to laugh quietly . he shake he head . raleigh my goodness . how interesting . how bizarre . CUT to : Raleigh sit in a corner . Dudley stand on the far side of the room misspel word on a chalkboard . Raleigh whisper into he tape recorder : raleigh ( cont ’d ) Dudley suffer from a rare disorder combine the symptom of amnesia , dyslexia and color- blindness , with a highly acute sense of hearing . ( continued ) 18 . continued : Dudley turn around suddenly and frown . raleigh ( cont ’d ) there be also evidence of -- dudley I be not color-blind , be I ? Raleigh look to Dudley . he hesitates . raleigh I be afraid you be . int . chas 's apartment . night . ari 's and uzi 's bedroom . it be perfectly neat and organize like a military barrack . there be night light in every socket . there be two fire extinguishers and a large first - aid kit mount on the wall . there be a turtle in a fish tank in the corner . ari and uzi be sound asleep in they bunk bed . chas stand in the doorway . his expression be blank . in one hand , he hold a small tape recorder . in the other hand , he hold a fishing lantern . he turn on the lantern , which begin blink rapidly ina strobe effect . he press play on the tape recorder , which blast a recording of a police siren at full volume . he yell at the top of he lung : chas Fire alarm ! ari! uzi ! l let 's go ! look alive ! ari bolt out of the top bunk . he be shirtless and have on pajama bottom . he put on a pair of cleat and grab the turtle out of the fish tank . uzi sit up . he look half asleep . chas run around the room , tipping over chair and blast the tape recorder . he look to uzi . he scream : chas ( cont ’d ) uzi ! let 's go ! int . hallway . night . ari press the button for the elevator and wait . the apartment be extremely large and spare . it look like a museum . narrator ( v.o. ) chas 's wife , rachael , be kill ina plane crash the previous summer . chas and uzi rush into the hallway . uzi have on a pajama top and underwear . chas yell to ari : ( continued ) 19 . continued : chas no elevator ! there 's a fire ! int . stairwell . night . they race down the stair . chas pick up uzi . uzzi what about Buckley ? chas you forget he . uzi start to cry . insert : a slide project onto a screen . ari and uzi and they mother stand in front of a small plane outside a hangar . the mother have on sunglass with a scarf tie over she hair . the wind blow she dress sideways , and she be laugh . the boy wear camp short and no shirt . uzi be do a karate stance . there be a beagle look out of the window of the plane . narrator ( v.o. ) chas and they two son , ari and uzi , be also on the flight and survive , as do they dog , who be discover in he cage several thousand yard from the crash site . CUT to : a dog 's cage upside down in the desert surround by scrap of metal and clothing . a cloud of smoke billow in the distance . int . bathroom . night . the beagle be asleep next to the bathtub on a little bed with '' Buckley '' write on it . he look very old and have white fur around he eye . his breathe be wheezy . chas 's siren can be hear in the distance outside the window . it stop . ext . sidewalk . night . chas , ari and uzi stand on the sidewalk , look up at the building . the street be desert . the tape recorder have be turn off . the lantern be still blink . chas turn off the lantern and press stop on he stopwatch . chas four minute and forty - eight second . we be all dead . burn to a crisp . ( continued ) 20 . continued : chas shake he head . he look disorient and weak . narrator ( v.o. ) over the last six month , he have become increasingly concerned with they safety . uzi be still cry . uzzi we leave Buckley . chas rub he eye and he temple . he say quietly : chas it do not matter . chas sit down on the sidewalk . ari and uzi look scared . the doorman watch uneasily from the lobby . int . etheline 's study . day . the wall of etheline 's study be fill with pre-columbian art and primitive tool and weapon . there be shelf full of hundred of bone and bit of pottery with little number paint on they . there be stack of National geographic on the floor . a human skeleton hang on a stand in the corner . narrator ( v.o. ) etheline become a archaeologist and have overseen excavation for the Department of house and the Transit Authority . the back door be open on to the garden . pagoda sit on a bench outside , peel potato , listen to a walkman with headphone . his hair be now white . etheline be at she desk study a arrowhead while Henry sit next to she . he be work on she tax . henry apropos of my question be : I - 40 slash I - 9 adjustment . Henry stand up . he seem very nervous . etheline look up at he curiously . narrator ( v.o. ) she teach bridge class twice a week with she friend and business manager , Henry sherman . insert : ( continued ) 21 . continued : a copy of Henry sherman 's book , account for everything . a caption at the top of the cover say '' a guide to personal Finance . '' it appear to have be publish in the late sixty . CUT to : Henry look down at etheline . henry it would probably be advantageous for you marital status to be legally establish as single , in light of the circumstance . etheline what do you mean ? henry I mean for tax purpose . etheline ( pause ) but I think it be -- henry etheline ? etheline yes ? henry will you marry I ? pagoda stop peel the potato . he take off one ear of he headphone . etheline put on she prescription sunglass . henry ( cont ’d ) I love you . do you already know that ? etheline no , I do not . Henry nod calmly . narrator ( v.o. ) since she separation from she husband , she have have many suitor -- montage : a large man stand on a glacier in Antarctica with penguin behind he . he wear a hood fur coat and have ice freeze into he beard . he check the elevation with a compass . a title identify he as neville smythe - dorleac . ( continued ) 22 . continued : ( 2 ) a asian man in a tweed suit and large , perfectly round glass on a settee in a room fill with avant - garde furniture and sculpture . he have several set of blueprint under he arm . a title identify he as yasuo oshima . a white -haire man sit in a director 's chair on a sound stage , surround by extras dress as futuristic earthling and alien . he have a strong , weathered face and wear a safari jacket . a title identify he as Franklin benedict . CUT to : Henry look down at etheline . he have two bandage shave cut , and a safety pin hold he glass together . narrator ( cont ’d ) -- but have not consider a single one until this moment . etheline start to say something . she hesitates . etheline this be not really a tax issue , be it ? henry ( pause ) that 's true . I do not know why I put it that way . etheline smile slightly . she take Henry 's hand . etheline let I think about it , Henry . pagoda frown . int . telephone room . day . pagoda place a call . pagoda hello , please . tell Mr. Royal this be the pagoda . int . elevator . day . Royal ride down in the elevator at the lindbergh Palace . he be dress in a gray double - breast savile row pinstripe suit , a dark pink shirt , a red-and-pink -stripe tie , and aristotle onassis -style wrap -around sunglass . he smoke a cigarette . the elevator operator have a thin , gray moustache and jet -— black hair . he be dusty . the elevator stop . royal thanks , dusty . ( continued ) continued : dusty you 's be welcome . int . lobby . day . the elevator door open and Royal stride out quickly . cross through a gigantic lobby . a bellboy appear . bellboy there 's a call for you , Mr. tenenbaum . royal who be it ? bellboy a Mr. pagoda . royal I 'il take it in there . Royal point to a little wood - panele telephone booth . int . telephone booth . day . the telephone ring . Royal answer it . royal what do you get ? ext . CITY park . day . Royal and pagoda stand alone in the middle of a field . light , mist rain fall . pagoda the black man ask she to be he wife . royal ( quietly ) no shit ? and what have ethel say ? pagoda she think about it . Royal stare off into space . he shake he head . royal I do not like the sound of this one damn bit , pagoda . I mean , Lord know I have have my share of infidelity . but she 's still my wife . ( pause ) and no goddamn two - bit charter accountant 's go to change that . insert : 23 . he a ( continued ) 24 . continued : page 50 of the Royal tenenbaum . it say '' chapter Three . '' int . hallway . night . the doorbell ring . pagoda come into the hallway and open the front door . uzi be on the step with a duffel bag over he shoulder and a stack of coloring book under he arm . Buckley be at he side . Buckley have a cold and cough often . there be a silver BMW park at the curb with three door and the trunk open . chas , ari and a uniform driver be unpack suitcase , blanket , box , clothes , toy , box glove and a computer . the driver be Anwar . chas , ari and uzi all wear red adida warm -up . chas give we a hand , pagoda . pagoda frown . he start down the step . int . live room . night . there be twenty people at five card table play bridge . most of they be in they fifty and sixty . they look very distinguished . etheline and Henry be among they . chas , ari , uzi , Anwar and pagoda come out of the hallway and cross through the live room , struggle with all of they possession . pagoda carry the fish tank with the turtle in it . Buckley follow they . the bridge player watch strangely as they pass . chas look back at they but keep move . etheline hesitates . etheline chas ? chas stop in the doorway . pagoda lead ari , uzi , Anwar and Buckley out of the room , up the stair . etheline ( cont ’d ) what 's go on ? chas we get lock out of we apartment . etheline seem confuse . etheline do you call a locksmith ? chas ( hesitates ) uh-huh . ( continued ) 25 . continued : etheline ( pause ) I do not understand . do you pack you bag before you get lock out ? or how do you -- chas it 's not safe over there . silence . etheline look to she guest . etheline Excuse I for a moment , please . int . hallway . night . etheline close the slide door to the live room . she and chas stand alone in the hallway . etheline what be you talk about ? chas the apartment . I have to get some new sprinkler and a back - up security system install . etheline but there 's no sprinkler here , either . chas look up and study the ceiling . he shrug . chas well , we might have to do something about that , too . etheline look concerned . CUT to : two dalmation mouse chew on a plate of hor d'oeuvre on the window sill . the bridge player watch they silently . int . chas 's bedroom . night . ari and uzi sit silently on the bunk bed in chas 's room . they have dark circle under they eye and seem exhaust . chas walk around the room examine thing . he look like a wreck , but act incredibly cheerful , pretend not to notice how sad the boy look . chas be not this great ? it feel like we be camp . chas chuckle as he turn on he old electric tie rack . ( continued ) 26 . continued : ari when be we go home ? chas see something across the room . he frown . chas who put that in here ? there be a frame poster lead against the wall in the corner . it be a tennis-shoe advertisement with a picture of richie hold a trophy over he head , surround by a cheer crowd . a caption across the top say '' the baumer . '' chas turn it around to face the wall . he kiss ari and uzi goodnight . chas ( cont ’d ) see you in the morning . chas go out the door . a moment later , he come back in . chas ( cont ’d ) you know what ? I be go to sleep in here , and that way we can all be together . chas spread out a blanket on the floor and lie down . uzi come and lie down next to he . int . doctor 's office . day . Royal sit on the edge of a examination table with white butcher paper on it . a young doctor on a roll stool take Royal 's blood pressure as they talk . royal what kind of side effect can be expect ? doctor well , there 's a number of possibility . severe nausea and dizziness be standard . a certain percentage of patient may also experience seizure . royal you mean like flopping around on the floor and everything ? doctor in some case . Royal nod gravely . 27 . ext . hallway . day . etheline and Raleigh stand outside the bathroom in margot and Raleigh 's apartment . etheline have on a overcoat and glove . Raleigh knock on the door . raleigh you have a visitor , my darling . margot answer without open the door : margot who be it ? etheline it 's I , sweetie . silence . a key slide from under the door to etheline 's foot . etheline look to Raleigh . Raleigh look embarrassed . int . bathroom . day . margot be in the bathtub watch Planet of the ape on she little black - and - white television set . etheline sit on the edge of the tub with she coat in she lap . etheline Raleigh say you have be spend six hour a day lock in here watch television and soaking in the tub . margot ( pause ) I doubt that . etheline well , I do not think that 's very healthy , do you ? nor do I think it 's very intelligent to keep a electrical gadget on the edge of the bathtub . margot I tie it to the radiator . etheline examine the television set . there be a length of red twine wrap around it and knotted to a pipe . etheline well , it can not be very good for you eye , anyway . margot turn off the television set with she foot . she look to etheline . etheline smooth back margot 's wet hair . etheline ( cont ’d ) chas come home . ( continued ) 28 . continued : margot ( pause ) what do you mean ? etheline he and ari and uzi be go to stay with I for a little while . margot ( frown ) why be they allow to do that ? etheline ( hesitates ) well , I do not know , exactly . but I think he 's be very depressed ever since -- margot ( urgently ) so be i. etheline ( pause ) so be you what ? ext . STREET . day . the front door of margot and Raleigh 's apartment building open . margot come out and go down the step with three suitcase and she tv . Raleigh follow she . etheline and Dudley walk behind they . Raleigh sound desperately unhappy . raleigh but why be this bloody necessary ? margot because I be in a rut , and I need a change . hang on . margot set down she suitcase and go into a telephone booth with graffiti spray - paint all over it . she close the door and make a call . etheline stand on the corner and raise she hand into the air . a gypsy cab pull over . Raleigh wait uncomfortably outside the telephone booth . he watch margot talk on the telephone . Dudley point at the taxi . dudley that taxi have a dent in it . margot come out of the telephone booth . raleigh you do not love I anymore , do you ? ( continued ) 29 . continued : margot I do , kind of . I can not explain it right now . Raleigh look crestfallen . margot put she suitcase into the back seat of the taxi . Dudley continue to point at it . dudley another dent here and another dent there . margot ( gently ) I x11 call you , ok ? Raleigh nod . margot get into the taxi . etheline look at Raleigh sadly . she get into the taxi and close the door . Raleigh and Dudley watch the taxi drive away . Raleigh have tear in he eye . Dudley take a bite of a graham cracker . int . margot 's bedroom . night . margot go into she room and set she suitcase on the floor . she close the door and lock it . she open the door to the closet and turn on the light . she whisper : margot hello ? there be a rustle behind some hang clothes . eli look out nervously and slowly emerge . he be dress in white brief . he whisper : eli hello , beautiful . CUT to : margot and eli in margot 's single bed with the sheet pull over they head . margot be eat potato chip , smoking a cigarette , and watch the news on she tv with the sound turn off . eli ( cont ’d ) could we have dinner with you mother sometime ? margot frown . she look at eli strangely . margot what for ? eli ( shrug ) I do not know . I have just love to see she . ( continued ) 30 . continued : margot I do not think so , eli . eli look disappointed . ext . sidewalk . day . the next morning , etheline come out the front door of the tenenbaum house and go down the step . Royal suddenly appear at she side . royal you get a minute ? etheline look startle . she keep walk . etheline what be you do here ? royal I need a favor . I want to spend some time with you and the child . etheline be you crazy ? royal now , hold on , dammit . etheline stop follow I . royal I want my family back . etheline well , you can not have it . I be sorry for you , but it 's too late . Royal hesitates for a fraction of a second . royal I be die , baby . etheline stop . she look to Royal . royal ( cont ’d ) I be sick as a dog . I x11 be dead in six week . I be die . etheline what be you talk about ? Royal stare at she blankly . he nod . etheline ( cont ’d ) what happen ? ( continued ) 31 . continued : Royal shrug . etheline look stunne . etheline ( cont ’d ) oh , my God . etheline look as if she be go to faint . Royal seem suddenly worried . etheline ( cont ’d ) I be sorry . I do not know . etheline can not seem to catch she breath . Royal look around nervously . etheline ( cont ’d ) what have they say ? what 's the prognosis ? etheline begin to hyperventilate . Royal try to calm she down . royal take it easy , ethel . etheline stumble a step and Royal catch she . he look scared . royal ( cont ’d ) hold on . hold on . etheline ( urgently ) where 's the doctor ? l let 's get -- royal wait a second . Royal hold etheline by the shoulder . he hesitates . he say gently , try to comfort she : royal ( cont ’d ) listen . I be not die . but I need some time . etheline look puzzle . royal ( cont ’d ) a month . maybe two . I want we to -- etheline slap Royal hard in the face . she say furiously : etheline what 's wrong with you ? royal ethel . ( continued ) 32 . continued : ( 2 ) etheline go away ! etheline turn away and walk quickly across the street . royal baby . I be die . etheline stop . she look back to Royal . she can see from the look on he face that now he be tell the truth . she go over to he in the middle of the intersection . etheline be you or be not you ? royal ( pause ) dying ? yes . int . henry' apartment / etheline telephone room . day . a telephone conversation . Henry sit at a desk in he study . there be ledger book and add machine in front of he and glass statue of bird and animal behind he . etheline be in the telephone room on archer Avenue . henry have you tell you child ? etheline more or less . henry and be they all right ? etheline hard to say . int . 375 th STREET y / chas 's room . day . a second telephone conversation . ari talk on a pay phone next to a indoor pool . uzi stand beside he . each wear goggle and a orange life - jacket belt tightly . a sign on the wall say '' Water Safety and rescue class , 11 a.m . '' chas sit at the desk in he bedroom on archer Avenue . uzzi who 's you father ? chas his name 's Royal tenenbaum . ari you tell we he be already dead . ( continued ) 33 . continued : chas ( hesitates ) but now he 's really die . int . eli 's townhouse / margotas bathroom-darkroom . day . a third telephone conversation . eli sit on a couch in front of a painting of two man wear ski mask riding a motorcycle chase after a scream girl in a bikini . he smoke a long , moroccan - look pipe . margot talk on the telephone in she bathroom on archer Avenue . there be three bottle of develop chemical and a photographic enlarger next to the sink . eli I be very sorry , margot . margot that 's ok . we be not actually related , anyway . eli that 's true . ext . boat deck . day . the cote do ivoire . richie sit under a wool blanket in a chaise lounge read a telegram with '' shore to ship '' print across the top . he look upset . a waiter stand next to he with a pen and a pad of paper in he hand . all of the other passenger on the deck be very elderly and have white hair . richie I have like to send a response , alberto . waiter yes , sir . go ahead . richie dear Mom , I receive you message . I be come home as soon as possible . ( pause ) who do I see about that ? the waiter shrug . ext . pier 32 . day . the entrance to the passenger terminal for the cote d' ivoire . a sign across the glass say '' Royal Arctic line . '' richie stand on the sidewalk with he hand in he pocket as bundle - up , white - haire passenger and baggage handler run by around he . he have two small suitcase and a vinyl bag with a pouch on he side for a tennis racket . there be no racket in it . two elderly man with white hair come over to he . ( continued ) 34 . continued : elderly man 1 can we get a picture with you , baumer ? richie nod . one of the elderly man give he camera to a baggage handler , and they stand next to richie . elderly man 2 I see you whip vishniac in the final at glenchester . you be beautiful back then . richie smile briefly . the baggage handler take the picture . elderly man 1 thanks , champ . the two elderly man walk away . a city bus stop at the corner . the door open and margot get out . she smile at richie and wave . she wear a mink coat with a belt around it . she have on pink glove . she walk across the sidewalk and stop ten foot in front of richie as the bus drive away . they stand there smile at each other . margot stand up straight and let I get a look at you . richie stand up a little straighter and continue to look at margot with the same smile . margot ( cont ’d ) what 's so funny ? richie shrug . margot ( cont 'd ) well , it 's nice to see you , too . they smile fade , and they both look cold and sad . richie reach out he hand . margot go over to he and put she arm around he . ext . tenenbaum house . day . margot and richie stand on the step in front of the house . the door open and etheline and pagoda come outside and hug richie . richie and Henry shake hand . ari and uzi come run out and hug richie . narrator ( v.o. ) that night , etheline find all of she child live together under the same roof for the first time in seventeen year . ( continued ) 35 . continued : chas watch from he window on the third floor . richie look up and see he . richie wave tentatively . chas wave back without smile . ext . roof . dawn . richie come out on to the roof dress in pajamas . he open he falcon 's coop . he put he hand under the falcon 's foot , and the falcon step on to he fist . the falcon 's hood say mordecai across the front . richie pull a leather cord and lift the hood off the falcon 's head . he stroke the falcon 's feather and talk softly in its ear . narrator ( v.o. ) the next morning richie wake at dawn . he have decide bird should not be keep in cage , feed mordecai three sardine , and set he free . CUT to : a hour later . richie sit on a box on the roof eat a bowl of cereal and read a book call Three Plays by margot tenenbaum . there be a empty tin of sardine at he foot . the door to the falcon 's coop be open , and the falcon be go . insert : page 76 of the Royal tenenbaum . it say '' chapter four . '' ext . STREET . evening . Royal get out of a gypsy cab in front of the tenenbaum house . he be dress in a white bathrobe , white pajamas and red bedroom slipper . he carry a cane , but walk across the sidewalk quickly and energetically . pagoda wait for he at the top of the step . they shake hand . silence . royal ok . pagoda open the front door . int . live room . evening . Royal sit on a stool across from richie and margot on the couch . chas stand at a table in the corner read richie 's atlas of the World . Royal look to chas . chas look back at he but do not move . Royal look back to richie and margot . royal I have miss the hell out of you , my darling . you know that , do not you ? ( continued ) 36 . continued : margot I hear you be die . royal so they tell I . margot I be sorry . royal ( shrug ) I have a good run . richie you do not look so sick , dad . royal thank you . richie what have you get ? royal I have get a pretty bad case of cancer . chas ( yawn ) how long be you go to last ? Royal look across the room at chas . chas do not look up from he atla . royal not long . chas a month ? a year ? royal about six week . Royal look back to richie and margot . royal ( cont ’d ) but let I get to the point here . the three of you and you mother be all I have get , and I love you more than anything . chas laugh quietly . royal ( cont ’d ) let I finish . now , I have get six week to set thing right with you , and I aim to do it . will you give I a chance ? ( continued ) 37 . continued : ( 2 ) chas no . royal do you speak for everyone ? chas I speak for myself . royal well , you have make you view know . so why do not you let somebody else do some of the talk now ? margot what do you propose to do ? royal well , I can not say , really . make up for lose time , I suppose . but the first thing I have like to do be take you to see you grandmother , at some point . richie ( pause ) I have not be out there since I be six . margot I have not be there at all . I be never invite . royal well , she be not you real grandmother , so I do not know you have be interested , sweetie . anyway , you be invite this time . margot thanks . richie look to chas . he look back to Royal . richie you know , rachael 's bury there , too . royal ( pause ) who ? chas my wife . royal oh . that 's right , be not it ? well , we can swing by she grave , too . ( continued ) 38 . continued : ( 3 ) chas slam the atla shut and put it back into the bookcase . he walk toward the door . Royal extend he hand as chas walk by . chas slap it away and go out of the room . Royal say to margot and richie : royal ( cont ’d ) I 'il be right back . int . stairway . evening . chas be already half - way to the second floor as Royal appear at the bottom of the step . royal chas ? chas stop . he look down to Royal . royal ( cont ’d ) May I see my grandson ? chas why ? royal because I have like to finally meet they . chas scoff at the idea and shake he head . royal ( cont ’d ) do not give I that guff . chas I think we 'il pass . chas walk away up the stair . there be a clean square and a hook on the wall in the stairwell , as if something have be remove . Royal frown . he yell toward the kitchen : royal pagoda ! where 's my javelina ? int . live room . night . Royal stand in the live room with richie and margot . royal I 'il say goodnight to you now , child . margot wave . richie hug Royal . Royal look to be on the verge of tear . royal ( cont ’d ) thank you , my sweet boy . 39 . ext . tenenbaum house . night . Royal and pagoda stand outside the top of the front step . Royal say quickly : royal I x11 contact you in the next twelve hour and give you further instruction . pagoda nod . a taxi stop in front of the house . Royal 's face darken . Henry and etheline get out of the taxi . they each carry a playbill for a play call that rascal . Royal clamp he hand on pagoda 's arm and let out a slow whistle . royal ( cont ’d ) look at that old grizzly bear . Royal lick he finger and smooth back he hair . he bound down the step . royal ( cont ’d ) hello , ethel ! good evening , sir . hold the cab , please , driver . Henry leave the door to the taxi open . etheline Royal , this be Henry sherman . royal hey , man . Lay it on I . Royal put out he hand for Henry to give he five . Henry reluctantly slap hand with Royal and say : henry how do you do ? royal ( shrug ) ah , what can I say ? I be die . Henry look uneasy . etheline do not pay any attention to that man , Henry . royal I be just kid . goodnight all . Royal get into the taxi and close the door . ext . STREET . day . margot and eli walk together down a street with trash everywhere and abandon car and break window . ( continued ) 40 . continued : eli right there be where I use to go get jack off . margot nod . she seem distract . eli ( cont ’d ) you do not give a shit . margot I be listen . ( point to a deli ) right there be where you use to go get jack off . eli that 's right . they walk in silence for a minute . eli ( cont ’d ) how 's richie ? margot ( pause ) I do not know . I can not tell . eli yeah . I , either . he write I a letter . he say he 's in love with you . margot ( frown ) what be you talk about ? eli ( shrug ) that 's what he say . I do not know how we be suppose to take it . hang on . they stop in front of a partially demolish building . eli press the buzzer to one of the apartment . a voice come on the call box : voice hello ? eli sugar , it 's eli. voice hey , baby . the door buzze open . margot say blankly : margot what be we do , eli ? ( continued ) 41 . continued : ( 2 ) eli I just get to pick something up . do not repeat that , by the way . about richie . it be tell in confidence . eli go inside . margot stand alone on the street . she look up at the destroy building . ext . archaeological excavation . day . a large network of pit between two brownstone townhouse . there be worker digging , surveying , sketching , and shaking dirt through metal hand -screen . the archaeologist crouch around etheline while she compare a bit of soil on the end of a trowel with a color chart ina handbook . she be dress entirely in denim except for a scarf over she hair . she have on sunglass and boot . the three archaeologist be all scruffy young man with beard . etheline good . now I 'il just remove the loose soil and note the decomposition level . etheline dust off a partially unearth skeleton . Henry appear in the background , climb down a ladder on the far side of the pit . he wear a gray wool suit and tie . he pick up a pebble off the ground and look at it . etheline say to the three archaeologist : etheline ( cont ’d ) this be probably slave . before the arrival of the -- graduate student what be you do ? a graduate student with a shovel be look at Henry and frown . etheline and the three archaeologist turn around and see they . graduate student ( cont ’d ) please , put that artifact back where you find it , sir . Henry look embarrassed . he put the pebble back on the ground . CUT to : etheline and Henry walk through a trench together . henry I be sorry to interrupt you work . etheline do not be silly . ( continued ) 42 . continued : henry I just want to apologize for the other day . when I propose to you . etheline why ? I think it be very sweet . henry look . I know I be not as accomplish as some of the man you have be involved with . Franklin benedict and General cartwright and you ex-husband and -- etheline that 's ridiculous . henry but I feel I have just as much to offer as any of they . I know I go about it backwards , but -- etheline Henry , I have no interest in Frank benedict or Doug cartwright . I never do . Henry fall into a pit and disappear from view . etheline do not notice this and continue walk . etheline ( cont ’d ) and as far as Royal be concerned , he 's the most -- etheline stop . she look around . she see Henry climb up a ladder , out of the pit . he be cover with dirt and have a small twig in he hair . she rush over to he . etheline ( cont ’d ) be you all right ? Henry sigh . he brushes some dirt off he jacket . henry I be fine . anyway , let I know when you make up you mind . Henry start to walk away . etheline grab he sleeve . etheline wait a second , Henry . Henry stop . he look to etheline . she take he hand and kiss it . he look surprised . etheline ( cont ’d ) I be sorry . I be very nervous . ( continued ) 43 . continued : ( 2 ) etheline pull the twig out of Henry 's hair . henry that 's ok . thank you . why be you -- etheline to tell you the truth , I have not sleep with a man in eighteen year . silence . Henry nod . he put he hand on etheline 's cheek . int . margot 's bedroom . day . margot lie in she bed behind a mosquito net watch a downhill ski competition on she portable television . etheline stand in the doorway and say calmly : etheline I think I be fall for Henry . margot look to etheline . she pull open the mosquito netting . margot that 's amazing . etheline what do you think of he ? margot ( excited ) I think he 's gorgeous . etheline I x11 tell you a secret . he ask I to marry he . margot ( dreamily ) I be go to have a father . etheline ( hesitates ) well , I have not accept yet . besides , you already have a father , sweetheart . margot not really . plus , now he 's die . CUT to : the hallway outside margot 's room . pagoda be poise in the dark , watch from the stair . 44 , ext . 375 th STREET y rooftop . day . a rooftop park with a chain - link fence around it . there be several fighter lift weight and jump rope . ari do chin-up from a jungle gym . uzi do sit-up on a mat . Buckley lay on the cement beside they . someone whistle from behind the fence . ari and uzi look . it be Royal . he be inside a telephone booth with the door partly open , hold the receiver to he ear . he signal for ari and uzi to come over . ari frown . he look across the courtyard to Anwar , sit on a bench , read a BMW owner 's manual . Royal duck back into the telephone booth and hold the receiver to he ear . Anwar do not look up . ari slide down a fire-station - type pole . he and uzi cautiously go over to the fence with Buckley . Royal hang up the receiver and come out of the telephone booth . royal that 's a hell of a old hound dog you get there . what 's he go by ? ari Buckley . royal ( point at Buckley ) Buckley . sit. Buckley sit . Royal look impressed . he turn to ari. royal ( cont ’d ) you know who I be ? ari shake he head . royal ( cont ’d ) I be Royal . you hear of I ? ari nod . Royal look pleased . his expression become serious again . royal ( cont ’d ) I be very sorry for you loss . you mother be a terribly attractive woman . ari ( pause ) thank you . royal which one be you ? ( continued ) 45 . continued : ari ari . royal ( look to uzi ) uzi , I be you granddad . uzzi hello . royal I be sorry we have not get to know each other . I do not get invite around much . what do you think about that , by the way ? you do not have to say anything . Royal sigh . he stare off into space . royal ( cont ’d ) kind of a fuck - you to the old man , I guess . Royal look back to ari and uzi . royal ( cont ’d ) how 's you daddy ? ari Fine . royal you think so ? how often 's he get you work out ? ari sixteen time a week . royal ( shake he head ) do I a favor . tell he you want to meet I . uzzi but we just meet . royal no , we do not . ari and uzi look confuse . royal ( cont ’d ) look . I want we to have a relationship , but we be go to have to pull some string to make that happen . ( pause ) here 's what you tell he ... 46 . int . chas 's bedroom . day . ari and uzi sit across from chas . he be behind he desk with he back turn to they . ari and uzi be both dress in black adida warm -up . chas wear he red one . a technician tinker with a large xerox machine on the other side of the room . another technician roll in a crate on a dolly . ari I bet Mom would have want we to meet he before he die , would not she ? chas turn he chair around and look to ari and uzi. silence . he sigh . ext . cemetery . day . a small cemetery next to a electrical power plant . the tree be bare , and the city be across the river . chas , ari and uzi stand together dress in black adida warm -up . Royal and richie stand beside they . Royal 's mother 's gravestone read '' helen o’reilly tenenbaum ( 1909 - 1962 ) . '' epitaph : '' the Salt of the Earth . '' Royal place a bouquet of white flower at the foot of the grave . there be tear in he eye . he say to chas : royal she be a tough old broad , be not she ? chas I would not know . Excuse I . royal oh , that 's right . we get another body bury out here . hang on . take some of this . Royal take half of the white flower off he mother 's grave and hand they to chas . chas walk away . silence . royal ( cont ’d ) what do you think of this big old black buck move in up there ? richie ( pause ) who ? royal Henry sherman . you know he ? richie yeah . royal be he worth a damn ? ( continued ) 47 . continued : richie I believe so . Royal nod . CUT to : ari , uzi and margot stand in front of rachael 's gravestone , which read '' rachael Evans tenenbaum ( 1965 - 2000 ) . '' uzi stare at margot 's miss finger . uzzi what happen to you finger ? ari look quickly to uzi. margot it get chop off by a axe . uzzi how have it get chop off by -- ari uzi . shh. margot it 's ok . I x11 tell you . I be adopt . do you know that ? uzi shake he head . margot ( cont 'd ) well , I be . and I go to find my real family when I be fourteen . they live in Indiana . ext . farm . day . a fourteen - year- old margot stand behind a barn with a family of blond farmer . there be a mother and father and five very young child . margot 's hair be dyed black , and she wear a black lacoste dress , black eyeliner , and black nail polish . father now just set one of they hickory trunk right up on top there , sister maggie . margot set a log sideways on top of a wood pile . she reach to adjust the log slightly just as the father swing a axe and chop the log in half . everyone look stunne . the father stare at margot 's bloody hand . margot look to the father as if he be a idiot . CUT to : ( continued ) 48 . continued : margot , ari and uzi stand together . ari do you try to sew it back on ? margot ( shake she head ) could not find it . CUT to : richie and Royal look at a impressive monument in the middle of the cemetery . a inscription say : '' veteran of two Wars . Father of nine Children . drown in the Caspian Sea . '' royal that 's a hell of a damn grave . richie nod . Royal say wistfully : royal ( cont ’d ) I wish it be mine . CUT to : Royal and richie walk together among the gravestone . royal ( cont ’d ) it 's a shame , be not it ? richie what ? royal you probably have another good two to three year of competitive play in you . richie ( shrug ) probably . royal I have a lot riding on that match , you know . financially and personally . richie nod . silence . royal ( cont ’d ) why have you choke out there that day , baumer ? richie ( pause ) I do not know , dad . insert : ( continued ) 49 . continued : ( 2 ) a television set tune in to network coverage of a tennis match on grass court . richie be play a indian player dress all in white . a title identify he as sanjay Gandhi . Gandhi serve . with a bizarre swing , richie hit he return directly off the court and deep into the stand . he shake he head and talk to himself . it be briefly reveal that he be wear no shoe and only one sock . announcer ( v.o. ) that 's seventy - two unforce error for richie tenenbaum . he 's play the worst tennis of he life . what 's he feel right now , tex hayward ? tex hayward ( v.o. ) I do not know , Jim . there 's obviously something wrong with he . he 's take off he shoe and one of he sock , and - - actually , I think he 's cry . richie be show prepare to serve with tear all over he face . he hesitates . he look into the stand . announcer ( v.o. ) who 's he look at in the friend 's box , tex ? margot and Raleigh , hold hand , watch from they seat in a courtside box . they look very concerned . tex hayward ( v.o. ) that 's he sister , margot , and she new husband , Raleigh St. Clair . they be just marry yesterday , Jim . richie stare at margot and Raleigh . he look to chas , with rachael , ari and uzi . he look to etheline . he look to Royal in a lonely seat up in the nosebleed section . Royal stand up and walk towards the exit . richie serve suddenly , underhand , barely toss the ball into the air . Gandhi nail he return , and richie attempt to play it by throw he racket at the ball . CUT to : Royal and richie stand together . royal I kind of disappear after that , do not I ? ( continued ) 50 . continued : ( 3 ) richie ( shrug ) yeah , but I understand . I know you be not very good with disappointment . Royal nod . he kick a pebble on the ground . CUT to : Royal scraping some dirt off of rachael 's gravestone with he foot . chas stand beside he . royal you still get that little bb in you hand , chassie ? chas look to Royal . he hold up he hand and show Royal a little round bump between two knuckle . Royal tap it with he finger . it move slightly . chas why have you shoot I ? silence . Royal say quietly : royal it be the object of the game , be not it ? chas no . we be on the same team . royal be we ? chas do not respond . Royal sigh . royal ( cont ’d ) well , you sue I . twice . and get I disbarre . but I do not hold it against you , do I ? int . judge's chamber . day . a lawyer in a robe sit behind he desk . chas and Royal and two attorney sit across from he . a stenographer sit at a metal stand , type . judge and how be it possible for Mr. tenenbaum to withdraw this fund without you write authorization ? royal objection , you honor . now , dammit -- ( continued ) continued : 51 . royal 's lawyer this be not a courtroom , Royal . do not object . chas because I start the corporation when I be a minor , so my father be the primary signatory on most of my account . chas 's attorney whisper something into he ear . chas ( cont ’d ) he also steal bond out of my safety deposit box when I be fourteen . the judge look to Royal . Royal look guilty . CUT to : Royal and chas surround with ari and uzi. chas turn royal you think you could start forgive I ? chas why should I ? royal because you be hurt I . and walk away . uzi look to Royal . uzzi be you in prison ? royal kind of . minimum security . I get jack by the IRS . should we split ? ari yes , sir . royal call I Mr. tenenbaum . ari ok . royal I be kid . call I pappy . ari ok . Royal yell across the cemetery to richie and margot . ( continued ) 52 . continued : ( 2 ) royal come on ! l let 's shag ass ! CUT to : margot and richie walk toward the cemetery gate . richie how be you and Raleigh get along ? you think you be go to get back together ? margot ( pause ) I do not know . richie well , if you need someone to talk to , let I know , ok ? I like Raleigh very much . I know he 's a lot older than you be , and you be have some problem , but -- anyway , maybe I can help . margot ok . thanks . a maintenance man with a shovel in he hand yell from across the cemetery : maintenance man hey , baumer ! all right ! richie smile and wave to the maintenance man . margot by the way , I hear about that letter you send to eli . silence . richie start to say something . he hesitates . a pack of cigarettes fall out of margot 's pocket on to the ground . they stop walk and look at it . richie you drop some cigarettes . margot that be not mine . richie well , they just fall out of you pocket . margot pick up the pack of cigarettes and put it back in she pocket . 53 . int . eli cash 's townhouse . day . eli walk into the vestibule smoking a joint which he keep in he mouth at all time like a cigarette . he open the front door . richie stand on the top step . eli oh , my Lord . look at you . eli embrace richie . they smile sadly at each other . CUT to : richie and eli walk into the front room of the house . it be furnish like a house in the English countryside , with antique and pot flower and old rug . richie do you tell margot about that letter I write you ? eli ( hesitates ) why ? do she mention it ? richie do not respond . eli ( cont ’d ) yes , I do . richie eli , that be mean to be just between you and I . eli I know . I be sorry . why would she have repeat that , I wonder ? richie well , I would ask you the same question . eli ( pause ) rightly so . int . studio . day . richie and eli walk into the next room . eli 's wife , sabrina , be painting in she studio . she be very beautiful and wear spectacle and a white sari . she be barefoot . classical music play quietly on the record player . eli sabrina ? sabrina do not look up . she seem irritate . ( continued ) 54 . continued : sabrina what ? eli look what I find on the doorstep . sabrina look to richie . she be only mildly surprised . she have a English accent . sabrina hello , darling . sabrina hug and kiss richie . eli Charlotte ? stetson ? say hello to uncle richie . there be two child in the corner . stetson be six . he work at a spin potter 's wheel , molding a hunk of clay . Charlotte be five . she be painting a set of teacup . she have a cast in a sling on she arm . they be both blond and fair . the child do not respond to eli . eli do not appear to notice this , as he be in the process of relighting he joint . richie how have she break she arm ? eli ( sadly ) I fall down the stair with she . richie look disturb . he notice a nude , teenage girl stand on the table . she have a deep tan , except where she wear a bikini . she be sabrina 's model , cinnamon . eli ( cont ’d ) that 's cinnamon . hello , cinnamon . cinnamon look at eli coldly . int . eli 's study . day . eli sit on a couch across from richie . they be both drink wine . there be a large zip - lock bag of marijuana on the table . there be a large , frightening painting on the wall of five man wear African mask and sit on dirt - bike . silence . eli what have you say ? ( continued ) 55 . continued : richie ( pause ) hm ? eli what ? richie I do not say anything . eli when ? right now ? ( pause ) I be sorry . do not listen to I . ( barely audible ) I be on mescaline . I have be space out all day . eli pour himself another glass of wine . richie do you say you be on mescaline ? eli ( nod ) I do , indeed . very much so . richie reflect on this for a minute . richie how often do you -- eli I be worried about you , richie . richie ( pause ) why ? eli well , actually , margot be , for some reason . but I do find it odd when you say you be in love with she . ( pause ) she 's marry , you know . richie yeah . eli and she 's you sister . richie ( quickly ) adopted . insert : ( continued ) 56 . continued : ( 2 ) page 112 of the Royal tenenbaum . it say '' chapter five . '' ext . lindbergh palace HOTEL . day . the side entrance of the hotel . Royal go in through revolve door . int . lobby . day . Royal come into the lobby and freeze . a large number of trunk , suitcase and box be stack and pile on four cart next to the front desk . there be also several dozen hang garment on a rack with wheel on it . a bellboy roll a fifth cart next to the other . the manager and he assistant come over and watch Royal study he possession . Royal say suddenly : royal where 's be my encyclopedias ? manager they 's have be place in storage . royal ( shaking he head ) damn you . you be take my encyclopedias . this be humiliate . manager I be sorry . would you like to -- royal where be I suppose to go ? you be turn I into a goddamn hobo . manager I have be happy to make a reservation for you at another hotel . royal you son of a bitch . manager Frederick ? the manager look to the bellboy . the bellboy begin to roll one of the cart across the lobby . the manager walk away . dusty , the elevator operator , appear at Royal 's side . royal hello , dusty . manager hello , sir . ( continued ) 57 . continued : royal Spot I a quarter , will you ? manager of course . int . telephone booth . day . Royal place a call from the lobby . royal richie ? it 's you dad . int . dine room . night . etheline , Henry , chas , margot , richie , ari and uzi sit at the table eat dessert . richie I think he 's very lonely . llonelier than he let on , and maybe lonelier than he even realize . etheline have you speak to he about this ? richie briefly . and he agree that -- chas I be sorry . maybe I be a little confuse . what be you suggest ? richie that he come here and stay in my room . chas be you out of you mind ? richie ( sincerely ) no , I be not . anyway , I think he have be much more comfortable here than -- chas who give a shit ? richie I do . chas you poor sucker . you poor , wash - up poppa 's boy . Henry put he hand gently on chas 's arm . ( continued ) 58 . continued : henry all right . let 's not get out of hand . chas jerk he arm away . chas do not get in the middle of this , Mr. sherman . this be a family matter . margot do not talk to he like that . henry please , call I Henry . chas I prefer Mr. sherman . etheline call he Henry . chas why ? I do not know he that well . etheline you have know he for ten year . chas as you accountant , Mr. sherman , yes . ari ( to richie ) where be you go to sleep ? richie I ’11l just camp out upstairs . uzzi we bring a extra sleep bag you can use . richie oh , that 's ok . I have get a old scout cot and a couple of army blanket . uzzi you want to borrow we electric -- chas uzi. ari we do not mind , dad . we like he . uzzi who ? pappy ? ( continued ) 59 . continued : ( 2 ) chas look shocked and then revolt . chas it 's not you decision , goddammit . etheline nor be it yours . richie well , he 's already up there . silence . richie ( cont ’d ) I think he 's asleep , because of the medication he 's on . but I guess you can wake he up and throw he out , if Mom say it 's ok . int . richie 's bedroom . night . richie 's room have be convert into a makeshift hospital room . Royal lie on a electric hospital bed . he have a iv in he arm and a tube in he nose . there be several monitor and machine breathe and hum . there be numerous bottle of pill and medicine on the night stand . pagoda have on a surgical mask and scrub . chas stand in the doorway . richie be behind he . chas get out . royal all right . let I just collect my thing . Royal sit up on the edge of the bed . he be dress in pink surgical scrub . royal ( cont ’d ) would you mind hand I my cane , richie ? richie hand Royal he cane . Royal struggle to he foot . he roll the iv stand beside he . royal ( cont ’d ) let 's see , now . where 's my suitcase ? Royal 's knee give out . he stagger a step . he grip the back of a chair and look to richie with a surprised expression . he collapse on to the floor . he produce a wooden spoon , which he take between he tooth . richie dad ? ( continued ) 60 . continued : richie and pagoda rush over and kneel on the floor beside Royal . chas frown . richie yell out the door : richie ( cont ’d ) Mom ! royal grab I a nembutal , son . richie run to the night stand and pop open a bottle of pill . chas look down at Royal . chas be you ok ? Royal take the spoon out of he mouth . royal fuck do you care ? richie give Royal a pill with a glass of water . etheline come to the door . etheline oh , my goodness ! royal pagoda . call Dr. mcclure . CUT to : forty - five minute later . Royal be back in bed . he be be examine by dusty , the elevator operator from the lindbergh Palace . dusty be dress in a white lab coat and elevator - operator pants with a red stripe down the side . he check Royal 's pulse while everyone watch . int . hallway . night . dusty speak with the tenenbaum in the hallway outside richie 's bedroom . dusty his condition be stable . the attack be just a side - effect . I recommend that you push fluid and continue the stomach cancer medication . dusty 's beeper go off . he look at it . insert : dusty 's beeper have a digital message on it : '' smitty work a double yesterday . can you sub for he tonight ? '' CUT to : ( continued ) 61 . continued : dusty push a button on he beeper . chas can we move he ? dusty absolutely not . chas for how long ? dusty we 'il have to wait and see . richie be he go to be all right ? dusty that depend . be he a fighter ? richie yeah . dusty ( solemnly ) then that 's the best we have get . now , if you ’1l1 excuse I , I have another call to make . int . richie 's bedroom . night . etheline sit next to Royal 's bed . pagoda come in and hand Royal a small brown paper sack . royal pagoda be in possession of a parcel that contain my will and some instruction regard the funeral , include my epitaph , for when the time come . etheline nod . royal ( cont ’d ) proof-read it for I before they carve it on the headstone , ok ? etheline ok . royal I never do stop loving you , by the way . do you believe that ? etheline not really . ( continued ) 62 . continued : royal you look terrific . that dress be stun . etheline ( pause ) thanks . Royal raise a eyebrow . etheline shake she head and go out of the room . Royal open the paper sack and withdraw a cheeseburger wrap in aluminum foil . he unwrap it and take a bite . he hesitates . Henry be stand in the doorway . he walk away . a dalmation mouse eat some crumb off the floor . CUT to : a hour later . Royal lie in bed , drink a milkshake , read a spy novel . chas appear in the doorway . chas light out , old man . chas turn out the light . royal I be go to read for a little bit , chas . chas sorry . 11:30 . light out . royal I be in the middle of a sentence . chas have to finish it up in the morning . they 's the rule . silence . Royal say in a quiet , strangely upbeat voice in the darkness : royal goodnight , m’boy . chas hesitates . he close the door . int . ballroom . night . the ballroom on the top floor of the house . there be chair and table with sheet over they line up along the wall . near the center of the room , there be a yellow nylon pup - tent . the room be dark except for a lamp glow inside the tent . 63 . int . tent . night . there be a Boy scout sleep bag on a air mattress on a cot inside the tent . there be a photograph of the tenenbaum family tape to the nylon wall . there be a small table with a stack of book and some of richie 's matchbox car and tennis trophy on it . richie lie on the cot read Three Plays by margot tenenbaum . chas come into the tent . richie look up , startle . chas look like you and dad be back together again , huh ? richie ( pause ) he 's you dad , too , chas . chas no , he 's not . ( pause ) you really hate I , do not you ? richie ( puzzle ) no , I do not . I love you . chas look disturb by this . chas well , I do not know what you think you be go to get out of this . but believe I , whatever it be , it 's not worth it . richie I do not want to hurt you , chas . I know what you and the boy have be through . you be my brother , and I love you . chas ( gritting he tooth ) stop say that . ext . richie 's bedroom . day . the next morning . Royal sit on the window sill smoking a cigarette . pagoda sit next to he drink a cup of coffee . Royal throw he cigarette out the window . he look down at the street . he frown . eli be climb out a window on the second floor . royal what 's that jackass do here ? ( continued ) 64 . continued : pagoda look down at eli . eli drop to the sidewalk . he see Royal 's cigarette burn on the ground . he step on it . he look up to Royal . they eye meet . Royal yell : royal ( cont ’d ) I know you , asshole ! eli hesitates . he smile defiantly . he run away . insert : a article on eli in the Sunday magazine section . the headline say '' where the Wild thing be . '' there be a photograph of eli in the desert hold a dead rattlesnake by the tail in each hand . a note staple to the top say : '' dear Mrs. tenenbaum , just in case you miss it . Love , eli . '' CUT to : margot and etheline sit together in etheline 's study . margot be read Henry 's book , account for everything . etheline be read the article on eli . margot look at it . margot do eli send you that ? etheline ( nod ) he always send I he clipping . margot ( incredulous ) what for ? etheline I think he just like the encouragement . he 's do it for year . he use to send I he grade in college . margot ( frown ) that 's ridiculous . there be a rap on the glass . margot and etheline look up . Raleigh be stand in the window . he look miserable . ext . garden . day . the backyard . margot and Raleigh sit at a metal table drink tea . raleigh how long do you intend to stay here ? margot I do not know . ( continued ) 65 . continued : raleigh be you ever come home ? margot ( pause ) maybe not . but -- raleigh you be joke . margot no. but -- raleigh I want to die . Raleigh crumple into a ball on the ground and stay there . margot put she hand on he back . margot Raleigh , please . for God 's sake . Raleigh sit up suddenly . raleigh have you meet someone else ? margot ( pause ) I could not begin to even think about know how to answer that question . Raleigh stand up and walk away . int . hallway . day . Royal watch down the stairwell as margot come up . he knock on the railing . she look up at he . silence . royal I do not like the way you be treat Raleigh . margot what be you talk about ? you do not even know he . royal I have meet he . and I do not think he deserve -- margot stay out of it . margot walk toward she room . Royal step on to the landing at the top of the stair . ( continued ) 66 . continued : royal you 's be two-time he with that bloodsucker eli Cash . margot stop . she stand still with she back to Royal . royal ( cont ’d ) it 's not right , dammit . you use to be a genius . margot turn to Royal . they look at each other for a long minute . she say in a quiet voice : margot no , I do not . royal ( hesitates ) well , anyway , that 's what they use to say . margot go into she room and close the door . ext . roof . day . Raleigh stand at the edge of the roof look down to the ground while richie clean the empty falcon 's coop . raleigh Richard , I know you be terribly close to margot , and perhaps you understand she better than anyone else . richie I doubt it . raleigh nevertheless , may I confide in you ? richie ( pause ) ok . raleigh I believe she 's have a affair . silence . richie come out of the coop and go over to Raleigh . raleigh ( cont ’d ) I be utterly devastate . I do not know where else to turn . will you advise I ? richie I do not know . what do you want to do ? ( continued ) 67 . continued : raleigh well , I think , perhaps -- richie find the guy and get he ? raleigh ( pause ) well , no . I think we might -- richie punch he hand through the attic window . he kick it . Raleigh look shocked . he stare at richie 's bloody hand . richie who do you think it might be ? raleigh ( hesitates ) I do not know , at the moment . int . chas 's bedroom . day . Royal come down the hallway and look in the doorway to chas 's room . there be five computer , four telephone , the xerox machine and a television and vcr on a cart . Three secretary make copy and take message . chas be on the telephone . a messenger wait for he to sign a document . ari and uzi sit work with a calculator and a ledger pad at a small desk in the corner . Royal say to they : royal let 's go down to Little Tokyo and get some firecracker . chas cover the receiver with he hand . chas what do you need ? royal ( hesitates ) nothing . you get they crunching number for you , huh ? chas please , do not come in this room . int . etheline 's study . day . etheline sit at she desk write number on little bit of pottery and recording it in a notebook . Royal stand in the garden , look in the window . his iv bag hang on a roll stand beside he . ( continued ) 68 . continued : royal chassie 's get that boy coope up like a pair of jackrabbit , ethel . etheline he have he reason . royal I know it . but you can not raise boy to be scared of life . you get to brew some recklessness into they . etheline I think that 's terrible advice . royal ( pause ) no , you do not . int . richie 's bedroom . day . Royal listen to ari over the intercom while pagoda do yoga exercise in the corner : ari ( v.o. ) we take box and self - defense class . Royal push a button to talk . royal I be not talk about dance lesson . I be talk about put a brick through the other guy 's windshield . I be talk about take it out and chopping it up . silence . ari say over the intercom : ari ( v.o. ) what do you mean ? montage : ( Royal , ari and uzi laugh continuously throughout the follow montage . ) Royal , ari and uzi jump off a high scaffold into the indoor pool at the 375th Street y. Royal , ari and uzi jaywalk through heavy traffic . Royal , ari and uzi ride horse in the park . Royal lead they at a full gallop down a ravine and over a stone wall . Royal , ari and uzi race go-cart up and down load ramp and in between fork - lift in a large warehouse . ( continued ) 69 . continued : Royal , ari and uzi throw water balloon at a gypsy cab . Royal , ari and uzi hide carton of chocolate milk under they jacket and walk quickly out the door of a bodega . Royal , ari and uzi ride on the back of a speed garbage truck . ext . STREET . day . royal ( indicate pagoda ) he save my life , you know . thirty year ago . I be knife at a bazaar in Calcutta , and he carry I to the hospital on he back . ari who stab you ? Royal motion to pagoda again . royal he do . there be a price on my head , and he be a hire assassin . stuck I in the gut with a shiv . int . chas 's bedroom . day . the three secretary be still at work , and chas be on the telephone . he see Royal , ari and uzi walk by the hallway . chas hang up the telephone . chas where have you be ? chas go to the doorway . he glare at ari , uzi and Royal . royal just step out to get some air . how 's the -- chas ( concerned ) what 's that ? chas point to a spot of dry blood on uzi 's forehead . royal Holy shit . that 's not -- what be that ? Royal lick he finger and rub away the blood . royal ( cont ’d ) no . that 's dog 's blood . ( continued ) 70 . continued : chas frown . he look to Royal . Royal hesitates . chas grab Royal by the arm and pull he into the closet across the hall . int . closet . day . chas close the door and turn on the light . there be hundred of board game , most of which be about thirty year old , in shelf up to the ceiling . chas stay away from my child . do you understand ? royal ( look around ) my God . I have not be in here in year . chas ( scream ) be you listen to I ? royal yes , I be . and I think you be have a nervous breakdown . I do not believe you have recover from rachael 's death . I think -- chas turn off the light , go out of the closet , and close the door . Royal stand alone in the dark . he switch the light back on and look down at the floor . he smile . royal ( cont ’d ) there you be . the stuff boar 's head be under the bottom shelf , in the corner , cover with dust . ext . park . day . Royal and etheline walk along a path through the park . Royal roll he hang iv bag at he side . etheline how be you feel ? royal oh , I be have a ball . scrap and yell . mixing it up . love every minute with this damn crew . ( sincerely ) I have like to thank you for raise we child , by the way . ( continued ) 71 . continued : etheline ( pause ) ok . royal I be not kid . etheline shrug . royal ( cont ’d ) you always put they first , do not you ? etheline I try to . lately , I feel like maybe I do not do such a great job . royal goddammit , do not do that to yourself . I be the one who fail they . or , anyway , it 's nobody 's fault . ( pause ) plus , it do not -- etheline well , then why do not you give a damn about we , Royal ? why do not you care ? royal I do not know , but I be ashamed of myself . I x11 tell you one thing , though . you have get more grit , and fire , and gut than any bob-tail fox I ever damn hunt , and if -- etheline laugh . Royal smile . royal ( cont ’d ) what ? what 's so funny ? etheline nothing . royal no , tell I . etheline nothing . just this little expression of yours . royal ( pause ) I do not know what you be talk about . but I ’1l1 take it as a compliment . they look at each other for a long minute . ( continued ) 72 . continued : ( 2 ) royal ( cont ’d ) you be true blue , ethel . you really be . CUT to : Henry with two bag of grocery in he arm , watch from behind a stone wall above the path . he listen as Royal say : royal ( cont ’d ) how 's you love life ? etheline none of you business . Henry frown . insert : page 147 of the Royal tenenbaum . it say '' chapter six . '' ext . sidewalk . evening . etheline and Henry come down the front step of the tenenbaum house . Henry be dress in black tie . the end of a pair of theatre ticket stick out of he breast pocket . pagoda hold a gypsy cab for they at the curb . henry I have like you to talk to Royal about we , if you do not mind . etheline ( hesitates ) I do not think the timing 's right for that , Henry . henry well , I have agree if I think he be really go to die in six week . but I do not . etheline stop at the bottom of the step . silence . etheline well , I hope you be right . ( pause ) actually , I do not believe I be go to join you tonight . I / x11 call you in the morning . etheline turn around and go back up the step . Henry watch she . he look sad and stunne . pagoda watch Henry . etheline go inside and close the door . 73 . int . closet . night . Royal and pagoda stand together in the board - game - fill closet drink martinis and smoking cigarettes . Royal have a half - eat cheeseburger in he hand . he whisper excitedly : royal she say that ? pagoda nod . Royal snap he finger . royal ( cont ’d ) we get the sucker on the rope . int . kitchen . day . the next morning . Henry stand at the counter read the Wall Street Journal . he have on read glass . Royal come into the kitchen eat a cheeseburger . Henry look at he blankly . Royal sit on a stool . royal can I ask you something ? henry ( pause ) ok . royal be you try to steal my woman ? henry ( pause ) I beg you pardon ? royal you hear I , coltrane . henry ( long pause ) coltrane ? royal what ? henry do you just call I coltrane ? royal no. henry you do not ? royal no . ( continued ) continued : silence . 74 , henry ( pause ) ok . royal but if I do ? Henry wait for Royal to continue . royal ( cont ’d ) you would not be able to do anything about it , would you ? henry you do not think so ? royal no , I do not . henry ( seethe ) listen , Royal . if you think -- royal you want to talk some jive ? Henry hesitates . he look puzzle . royal ( cont ’d ) I x11 talk some jive with you . Royal stand up . he scream : royal ( cont ’d ) I x11 talk some jive like you never hear ! henry ( yell ) oh , yeah ? royal right on ! henry sit down ! royal what ? Royal start do a little dance in front of Henry . royal ( cont ’d ) what have you say ? henry I say , sit down , goddammit ! ( continued ) 75 . continued : ( 2 ) royal oh , I hear you . Henry jump to he foot . Royal stop dance . he say darkly : royal ( cont ’d ) I want you out of my house . henry this be not you house . royal do not play semantics with I . I want you raggedy ass back on the -- etheline what 's go on here ? Henry and Royal look to etheline . she stand in the doorway . royal nothing . Royal go to the refrigerator and open it . he take out a jar of peanut butter and a jar of grape jelly . etheline look to Henry . Henry walk out of the room . int . richie 's bedroom . day . Henry go into richie 's room and take a bottle of Royal 's pill off the night stand . he go back out of the room . int . telephone room . day . Henry read the label on the bottle while he place a call . henry hello . I be call in regards to a Dr. mcclure . yes. at colby General . the name of the patient be Royal tenenbaum . Henry take out a pill and examine it . insert : the pill . it have pink and blue sparkles all over it and the word '' tic - tac '' print on the side . int . stairway . day . Henry go up the stair with a cold , determine look on he face . he have the bottle of pill in he hand . 76 . int . pagoda 's room . day . a small room with a indian pattern on the wallpaper . pagoda lie on a hammock listen to indian music on a portable record player . there be a knock on the door , and then it open . Henry stand in the doorway . he stare at pagoda . henry how much be he pay you ? pagoda look scared . insert : a television set tune in to a interview show . the host be a tall , distinguished - look man in he fifty . he be Peter Bradley . eli be he guest . they sit at a round table light at the center of a pitch - black room . eli well , I grow up with the tenenbaum family , you know . peter right . they have come on hard time now , have not they ? eli nod sadly . CUT to : richie 's room . margot and Royal be watch eli on television . royal bullshit . Change it . the door open . richie come into the room . his hand be wrap with bloody bandage . margot look concerned . margot what have you do to you hand ? richie nothing . richie go into the closet . two dalmation mouse dart out across the floor . they run under the radiator . Royal frown . royal you think we could get somebody to come over here and kill some of this mouse for we ? ( continued ) 77 . continued : margot no . that belong to chas . or , anyway , he invent they . richie drag a large trunk out of the closet . royal well , tell he to stick they in a fuck cage or something . Henry go over to the Henry and pagoda come into the room . intercom and press a button on it . henry etheline ? would you mind come up here for a minute , please ? Royal look at Henry suspiciously . royal what 's cooking , pop ? henry you 'il see . etheline ( 0.s. ) ( on the intercom ) ok . insert : eli 's interview continue . the television set . peter now , you previous novel -- eli wildcattin’ . peter not a success . why ? right . eli hm. well , wildcattin 's be write ina kind of obsolete vernacular , much like the -- he look quickly across the room . eli freeze . eli ( cont ’d ) Holy shit . peter ( look around ) what ? ( continued ) 78 . continued : ( 2 ) a look of sheer horror cross eli 's face . he brace himself against the edge of the table . Peter look concerned . peter ( cont ’d ) be you all right ? eli ( concerned ) why be it so dense in here ? Peter hesitates . eli remove he microphone , stand up , and walk off the set . Peter Bradley watch he go . CUT to : everyone watch in richie 's bedroom . they look stunne . royal Son of a bitch . what the hell kind of way to act be that ? richie ( pause ) he 's on drug . margot ( worried ) I 'il be right back . margot go to the telephone . etheline and chas come into the room . chas be eat a sandwich . ari , uzi and Buckley follow they . henry hold on a minute , please . Henry step in front of the television set and turn it off . henry ( cont ’d ) pagoda have something to say . everyone look to pagoda . silence . pagoda look worried . he turn to Royal and point at he . pagoda he have the cancer . henry ( angrily ) no , he do not . Royal sit up . Henry stare at Royal . henry ( cont ’d ) I know what stomach cancer look like . I have see it . ( more ) ( continued ) 79 . continued : ( 3 ) henry ( cont ’d ) and you do not eat three cheeseburger a day with french fries when you have get it . the pain be excruciate . royal how would you know ? henry my wife have it . silence . Royal pull out he iv and the other tube that be attach to he . he go into the bathroom and close the door . Henry turn to etheline . henry ( cont ’d ) not only be there no Dr. mcclure at colby General , there 's no colby General . it close in 1974 . chas crush he sandwich in he hand . pagoda ah , shit , man . etheline but why would he -- chas slam he hand against the bathroom door as hard as he can . he sit down on the bed and pick up the phone . he place a call . chas yes . can you send a taxi to 111 archer Avenue ? right away , please . thank you . chas hang up . Royal come out of the bathroom . he be fully dress in a suit , and he be zipping up a small leather bag . he pick up one of he bottle of pill off the night stand and leave the rest . he look to pagoda . royal I guess we be back on the street , pal . etheline look to pagoda . she frown . pagoda look uneasy . etheline be you part of this ? henry of course he be . etheline look to Royal . Royal look to pagoda . he say regretfully : royal time to come clean . no more lie . ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 4 ) pagoda stare at Royal bitterly . richie point at the hospital bed and life-support machine . richie how have you get all this medical supplies ? royal ( pause ) a guy at St. Pete 's owed I a favor . I do some malpractice work for he . I do have high blood pressure , though . Royal swallow one of he pill . he turn and stand in front of everyone . royal ( cont ’d ) look . I know I be the bad guy on this one , but I just want to say that the last six day have be the best six day of , probably , my whole life . a strange , sad expression cross Royal 's face . narrator ( v.o. ) immediately after make this statement , Royal realize that it be true . Royal begin to gather he possession . int . hallway . day . Royal come out of richie 's room with he suitcase . etheline stand at the end of the hall . etheline why have you do this to we , Royal ? Royal stop . etheline ( cont ’d ) what be the point ? royal ( pause ) I think maybe I could win you back . or , anyway , I think I could get rid of Henry and keep thing status quo . etheline but we have not speak in seven year . royal I know . plus , I be break , and I get kick out of my hotel . ( continued ) 81 . continued : etheline ( pause ) you be a bastard . Royal nod . etheline stare at he angrily , with tear in she eye . etheline ( cont ’d ) Goodbye , Royal . Royal turn and walk down the stair . int . stairwell . day . chas stand at the bottom of the stair and watch Royal come down with he suitcase . Royal stop in front of he . royal take it easy on that boy , chassie . I do not want this to happen to you . chas hesitates . Royal walk past he and go out the front door . ext . STREET . day . richie and Royal stand on the sidewalk . Royal 's suitcase be beside he . margot and Henry stand at the top of the step , in the front doorway . royal you know , richie , this illness , this closeness to death . it 's be very profound for I . I feel like a different person . I really do . richie dad . you be never die . royal ( smile ) but I be go to live . richie shake he head . he turn away and go up the step , past margot and Henry , into the house . Royal and margot look at each other . Royal point to Henry . royal ( cont ’d ) he 's not you father . margot ( pause ) neither be you . margot close the door . Royal put he hand in he pocket . he stare into space . he begin to cry . a gypsy cab pull over to the curb . Royal wave to the driver . ( continued ) 82 . continued : the front door of the house open . pagoda come down the step with two suitcase . he look furious . royal how you do , pal ? pagoda drop he suitcase to the ground . pagoda you son of a bitch . pagoda 's tooth flash as he go over to Royal and stab he with a penknife . Royal scream . he clutches he side . he fall on the ground . the gypsy cab driver watch blankly . royal goddammit ! that 's the last time I get knife by you ! you hear I ? pagoda help Royal to he foot . he collect he suitcase . Royal lean on pagoda as they get into the gypsy cab . Royal say to the driver : royal ( cont ’d ) the 375th Street y , please . insert : page 198 of the Royal tenenbaum . it say '' chapter Seven . '' ext . 375 th STREET y. day . a huge building that look like a castle . a sign next to the door say '' 375th Street y . '' int . 375 th STREET y. day . a extremely small room with a low ceiling and a single bed . Royal stand in front of a mirror while pagoda stitches up the knife - wound in he side . he hold a bottle of iodine in one hand and a box of bandage in the other . royal everyone 's against I . pagoda you can not blame they , man . royal I know . but , dammit , I want to be love by this family . pagoda pour some iodine on a cotton ball and apply it to Royal 's knife wound . Royal grimace . royal ( cont ’d ) how much money you get ? ( continued ) 83 . continued : pagoda I do not have . royal ( frown ) what do you mean ? you be break ? pagoda nod . Royal look furious . royal ( cont ’d ) you get to be kid I . how be we suppose to pay for the damn room ? pagoda look up at Royal coldly . silence . royal ( cont ’d ) all right . we 'il figure something out . int . henry' apartment . night . Henry 's bedroom be fill with painting and sculpture from the fifty and sixty . he put on a slow jazz record and sit down across from etheline at a small table with a vase of rose , two bottle of wine , and three candle on it . Henry have on pale - blue silk pajamas . etheline wear a cream silk nightgown . the door to the balcony be open , and there be a gentle breeze . they look at each other fondly for a minute . henry would you like another glass of wine ? etheline yes , please . Henry refill etheline 's glass . he clink he glass against hers and take a small sip . she drink she whole glass all at once . Henry look uneasy . etheline say suddenly : etheline ( cont ’d ) maybe we be rush thing , Henry . henry ( relieved ) you be right . it 's awkward sit here in we pajamas and everything . we do not have to do this right now . let 's just try and have a nice time . etheline ok . Henry get up and change the record to a more upbeat number . ( continued ) 84 . continued : henry yes , I think we be both a little uneasy , and there 's no need for we to force anything . there 's no hurry . let 's just etheline actually , I should go . silence . Henry nod . he look disappointed . henry can I , at least , offer you some dessert ? Henry point to a dessert cart with a lemon meringue pie , two cheesecake , a bowl of strawberry , a chocolate mousse , and a crepe suzette on it . etheline hesitates . Henry quickly strike a match and set the crepe suzette on fire . his napkin catch on fire , and he dip it in he water glass . he look to etheline . etheline no , I think you be right . I should go . etheline pick up she overnight bag off a chair and go into the bathroom . Henry sit alone . he get up and turn off the record player . ext . bridge . day . a footbridge over the river . margot wait in the middle of the bridge . eli walk towards she from the opposite bank . his face be smear with dirt and trace of paint . his clothes look severely dishevel . he stop a few foot away from margot . eli I be not in love with you any more . margot I do not know you ever be . eli let 's not make this any more difficult than it already be . margot ( pause ) ok . eli ok , what ? margot ok , I be not in love with you , either . ( continued ) 85 . continued : eli I know . you be in love with richie . which be sick and gross . silence . margot nod . margot do you send my mother you clipping ? eli hesitates . margot ( cont 'd ) and you grade in -- eli please , stop ridicule I . eli turn away and look sadly out at the river . margot go over and stand beside he . eli ( cont ’d ) you never give I the time of day until I start get good review . margot you review be not that good . eli but the sale be . CUT to : a second bridge , two hundred yard away . a large man ina coat and tie take photograph of margot and eli with a telephoto lens . int . private detective office . day . a small room on the 30th floor of a office building . Raleigh , richie and Dudley sit across a desk from the large man in the coat and tie . he be a detective . detective how much do you already know , gentleman ? raleigh very little , I assure you . detective would you like to examine the report ? raleigh we would , rather . yes . the detective hand Raleigh a manila folder . he open and begin to read . richie look over he shoulder . ( continued ) 86 . continued : montage : margot at age twelve busy a pack of cigarettes in a bodega . she smoke one on the roof of the house , lean against the chimney , next to the falcon 's coop . ( in each of the follow image , margot smoke a cigarette . ) margot climb out the window of a girl 's dormitory . she carry a small suitcase . she shimmy down the gutter and run across the lawn . margot stand inside a torch - light shack among a group of dance rastafarian in Jamaica . she hold hand with one of they while he light a large brown - paper - wrap marijuana cigarette . a man dress in a black shirt with a priest 's collar place a string of shell around margot 's neck . another man have a small machine gun . there be a goat in the doorway , and the ocean glimmer outside . margot open a window and look out at the eifel Tower . she wear a bra and a slip . a topless girl appear next to she , eat a croissant . the girl put she arm around margot 's waist , and margot run she hand through the girl 's hair . margot stand in a pool of water face a young tribesman in New guinea . he have on warpaint and wear a large tusk in he nose . margot kiss he on the mouth . margot sit in a make - up chair at a television studio . Peter Bradley come up behind she and put he hand down she shirt . margot smile at he mischievously . margot make out with : - a Puerto rican teenager in the back seat of a taxi ; - a skinny guy with a Mohawk on a city bus ; - a tough -look irishman on the deck of a ferry ; - eli in a desert subway train go full speed at night . CUT to : Raleigh turn to the last page of the report . he close the folder and look to richie . richie look stunne . silence . raleigh ( cont ’d ) she smoke . detective yes. 87 . int . basement . day . Royal , pagoda , dusty and the manager of the hotel sit ata table in the laundry room of the lindbergh Palace . the manager be review a typewritten document . manager all right . everything seem to be in order . i’11 contact you in the next twenty - four hour . royal I appreciate that . which way be you lean , by the way ? manager i’1l inform you of my decision at the appropriate time . royal I get it . put in a good word for we , dusty . dusty I already do . int . raleigh 's laboratory . day . Raleigh lie face down on the couch with he head bury in the cushion . Dudley walk over to he with a box of building block . he say quietly : dudley you want to play some word game or do some experiment on I or anything ? Raleigh answer without move . his voice be muffle . raleigh no . richie walk by in a bathrobe . he carry a pair of scissors . he go into the bathroom , close the door , and lock it . int . bathroom . day . hot water run full blast in the shower and the sink . richie stand in front of the mirror . he hold a pair of scissors in he hand . he have clipped off he beard . he open the medicine cabinet and take out a can of shave cream and a straight razor . he cover he face with the shave cream . he pick up the razor . he look back in the mirror . he push he hand back through he hair , take a deep breath , and say quietly : ( continued ) 88 . continued : richie I be go to kill myself tomorrow . silence . richie slice the razor deeply , four time , along he leave forearm . blood run into the sink . he switch hand with the razor and slashes he other wrist . he sit down on the floor . CUT to : the bathroom door slamm open . Dudley burst into the room . he look horrify . the floor be flood with water and blood . richie be slump in the corner with shave cream all over he face . Dudley scream hysterically . montage : Three paramedics race down a corridor push richie on a gurney . Raleigh and Dudley run beside he . they be cover with blood . etheline hang up the telephone and run into the hallway . she throw open the closet door and grab she coat . chas , ari and uzi hold on as Anwar weave the BMW in and out of traffic . Buckley have he head out the window . margot burst through the door of the emergency room . she look around frantically . she see Dudley . she see blood on he . she rush over and grab he arm . margot where be he , Dudley ? dudley ( pause ) who ? int . hospital room . day . everyone be gather around richie in he hospital bed . his arm be cover with bandage . a doctor give he a injection and say to etheline : doctor he 'il probably sleep for several hour , and then I x11 come back to check on he . etheline nod . she have tear all over she face . the doctor leave the room . margot hold richie 's hand . margot how do you feel ? ( continued ) 89 . continued : richie Fine , thanks . etheline be you in any pain ? richie not really . chas why have you try to kill yourself ? etheline do not press he right now . richie I write a suicide note . margot you do ? richie yeah . right after I regain consciousness . everyone look slightly confuse . chas can we read it ? richie no. chas could you paraphrase it for we ? richie I do not think so . chas be it dark ? richie of course it 's dark . it 's a suicide note . etheline all right . that 's enough . the doctor say to let he sleep . int . waiting area . day . the corridor outside richie 's room . etheline fill out some insurance form . ari and uzi sit on chas 's lap . margot sit next to Raleigh . Raleigh stare into space . ( continued ) 90 . continued : raleigh you have make a cuckold of I . everyone look at Raleigh and margot . silence . margot I know . raleigh many time over . margot I be sorry . raleigh and you have nearly kill you poor brother . etheline what 's he talk about ? margot it do not matter . raleigh she 's balling eli Cash . everyone look surprised and extremely uncomfortable . etheline oh , my goodness . raleigh May I have a cigarette ? margot what ? raleigh shall I repeat the question ? margot you do not smoke . raleigh ( bitterly ) I bloody well know that . Raleigh stare at margot in silence . margot sigh . she reach into she pocket and take out a pack of cigarettes . she give one to Raleigh . he put it in he mouth . raleigh ( cont ’d ) and a light , please ? margot take out some match and light Raleigh 's cigarette . ( continued ) 91 . continued : ( 2 ) raleigh ( cont ’d ) thank you . Raleigh stand up and walk away , down the hall , out the door . silence . margot light a cigarette for herself . etheline look disturb . etheline how long have you be a smoker ? margot ( pause ) twenty - two year . etheline well , I think you should quit . margot nod . the door open at the end of the hall . Henry sherman come in . etheline see he and stand up . he go over to she . he start to put on he glass . as he unfold they , he unintentionally clamp they to he necktie and pull he necktie up to he temple . he say earnestly : henry how can I help ? etheline begin to point to Henry 's necktie suspend near he ear , but she hesitates . Henry sense something wrong in he peripheral vision and look confuse . he swat at the necktie , hurl he glass off he face and on to the floor . Henry pick up he glass and put they back on . he look to etheline with a embarrassed expression . etheline put she arm around he . she hug he tightly and start to cry . ext . STREET . night . Three hour later . a gypsy cab stop in front of the hospital . Royal and pagoda get out and walk quickly into the building . they be both dress in hotel elevator- operator uniform . int . hospital . night . Royal speak anxiously to a nurse at the registration desk . pagoda stand behind he . royal richie tenenbaum , please . nurse you name ? ( continued ) 92 . continued : royal Royal tenenbaum . the nurse look down at she registration book . she frown . she look back to Royal . nurse I be afraid visit hour be over , sir . royal ( hesitates ) why ? what do it say there ? they do not want I ? nurse I be sorry . I have to refer you to Dr. burrough . he 'il be in tomorrow afternoon . silence . ext . sidewalk . night . Royal and pagoda stand in front of the hospital . Royal point to the edge of the roof . he sound desperate . royal I think if we shimmy up that gutter and jump across the window ledge we can pry open the ventilation shaft and -- pagoda there he be , man . pagoda point to richie wait at the bus stop on the corner . he be dress in surgical scrub and bedroom slipper . his arm be cover with bandage . Royal look puzzle . a bus pull over in front of richie . the door open . Royal call out : royal richie ? richie look to Royal and pagoda . he see they uniform . he hesitates . royal ( cont ’d ) where 's be you go ? silence . richie get on the bus . Royal and pagoda watch it drive away . Royal look very upset . royal ( cont ’d ) I have to say , he do not look half bad for a suicide . attempt suicide , anyway . ( continued ) 93 . continued : pagoda nod . he put he arm around Royal 's shoulder . int . bus . night . a old city busy with trash on the floor and graffiti spray - paint on the wall . richie sit in the back row and ride downtown . int . ballroom . night . the ballroom on the top floor of the tenenbaum house . richie walk in and see the lamp glow inside he tent . margot call out from inside . margot who 's there ? richie do not respond . margot ( cont 'd ) hello ? richie look at the seventeen painting of margot hang in the corner . a unfinish eighteenth , with margot slightly older , lean against the wall . richie go to the tent at the center of the room . int . tent . night . richie look into the tent . margot be sit on the floor next to a record player smoking a cigarette . she have a Rolling Stones record in she hand . she look startle . richie what be you do in my tent ? margot ( hesitates ) just listen to some record . margot put out she cigarette . she seem worried . margot ( cont 'd ) I think you be suppose to be in the hospital . richie I check myself out . margot well , should not you be on some kind of suicide watch or something ? richie ( pause ) probably . ( continued ) 94 . continued : richie go into the tent and sit down indian - style in front of margot . margot sigh . she put on the Rolling Stones record . it play quietly . margot how many stitches do you get ? richie I do not know . you want to see ? margot nod . richie unwrap one of he bandage . his arm be cover with jag , crisscross stitches and dry blood . margot look stricken . margot Jesus , richie . that look horrible . richie nod . he wrap the bandage back around he arm . richie I hear about you ex-husband . margot ( pause ) desmond ? richie ( hesitates ) I guess so . I do not get he name . margot yeah . I meet he in the ocean . I be swim , and he come out to I ina canoe . we be only marry for nine day . richie ( nod ) and I hear about eli . margot ( sigh ) I know . poor eli . anyway , we mostly just talk about you . richie ( surprised ) you do ? margot yeah . I guess that be the attraction , if you know what I mean . silence . richie say quietly : richie I have to tell you something . ( continued ) 95 . continued : ( 2 ) margot what 's that ? richie I love you . margot ( sadly ) I love you , too . richie kiss margot on the mouth , and she kiss he back . she put she hand on the back of he head . richie pull away from she and look into she eye . richie I can not stop think about you . I go away for a year , and it only get worse . I do not know what to do . margot let 's lie down for a minute . richie lie down on the cot . margot look at he Boy scout sleep bag . margot ( cont 'd ) this be the one we take to the museum , be not it ? richie nod . margot sigh . she lie down next to richie and put she arm around he shoulder . she smooth back he hair . they listen to the music for a minute . margot ( cont 'd ) why have you do it ? because of I ? richie yeah , but it 's not you fault . margot you be not go to do it again , be you ? richie ( pause ) I doubt it . margot nod . she start cry . she kiss richie 's hand . richie look worried . margot get up and go out of the tent . richie sit alone for a minute . margot look back into the tent . margot I think we be just go to have to be secretly in love with each other and leave it at that , richie . ( continued ) 96 . continued : ( 3 ) they look at each other for a long minute . richie nod . margot turn away and go out the tent . richie pick up the stack of book off the table next to he cot . the book on top be family of geniuse . then there be margot 's book , Raleigh 's book , Henry 's book and eli 's book . he spread they out on the floor among he matchbox car and tennis trophy . a dalmation mouse appear and crawl among they . the record end . insert : page 230 of the Royal tenenbaum . it say '' chapter eight . '' int . hallway . day . the next morning . richie come downstairs in he pajamas . he carry the stuff boar 's head . he hang it on the wall in its place . int . elevator . day . the elevator at the lindbergh Palace . Royal be dress in he elevator- operator uniform . he take three well - dress businessman down to the lobby . he look exhaust and depressed . the door open . one of the businessman hand Royal a dollar as they walk out into the lobby . royal thank you , sir . Royal see richie stand in front of the elevator . Royal look surprised . the door of another elevator open . pagoda be the operator . richie look at he . pagoda hesitates . he wave to richie . richie wave back . royal ( cont ’d ) go up ? richie look back to Royal . he nod . he step into Royal 's elevator . royal ( cont ’d ) what floor ? richie it do not matter . Royal close the door and pull a lever . the elevator go up . Royal stand with he back to richie . richie ( cont ’d ) so you be elevator operator now . royal yeah . we just start , but we will get a bump when we join the union . ( continued ) 97 . continued : richie what make you decide to do that ? royal well , we be break . but , in answer to you question , I guess I be try to prove I can pay my due and what - not . I just hope somebody know . richie nod . silence . richie you ask I why I choke out there that day . Royal turn around quickly and look to richie . he nod . richie ( cont ’d ) well , I think I know the answer , and I want you advice . Royal look surprised and move . he say quietly : royal sure . ext . roof . day . Royal and richie stand on the edge of the roof , look out at the city . silence . royal margot tenenbaum ? richie yeah . royal since when ? richie since always . royal do she know ? richie uh-huh . royal and what 's she feel about it ? richie I think she feel confuse . ( continued ) 98 . continued : royal I can understand that . it 's probably illegal . richie I do not think so . we be not related by blood . royal ( pause ) that 's true . silence . Royal nod . royal ( cont ’d ) it 's still frown upon , but then what be not this day , right ? richie nod . Royal shrug . royal ( cont ’d ) I do not know . maybe it work . why not ? Hell , you love each other , and nobody know what 's go to happen , so -- Royal stop short . his expression change . royal ( cont ’d ) you know what ? do not listen to I . I never understand she , myself . I never understand any of we . I wish I know what to tell you , but I just do not . richie ( pause ) that 's ok . royal no , it 's not . Royal look very sad . he stare down at the ground . he take a deep breath . he say quietly : royal ( cont ’d ) do you still consider I you father ? richie sure , I do . royal I wish I have a little more to offer in that department . richie I know you do , pop . Royal nod . he keep look down at the ground . ( continued ) 99 . continued : ( 2 ) royal I do not blame you , by the way . richie look off into the distance . he frown . royal ( cont ’d ) she 's a great look girl , and she 's smart as a whip , and -- richie mordecai ? Royal look up . a falcon fly in a low circle around the building . Royal and richie watch as it land on the railing in front of they . silence . royal Holy shit . richie slowly reach out to the falcon . he smooth out the feather on its neck and say softly : richie you come back . Royal look up at the sky . he seem frighten . royal jiminy cricket . he must have a goddamn radar in he brain . richie frown . he hesitates . richie I be not so sure this be mordecai . royal what do you mean ? he fly right in here . richie yeah , but now he have white feather on he neck . Royal and richie study the falcon . richie seem uncertain . royal well , the son of a bitch must be molt . int . elevator . day . richie and Royal ride down in the elevator . the falcon be perch on richie 's arm . richie I need you help with something else . ( continued ) 100 . continued : royal ( excitedly ) you get it . what 's the situation ? richie well , I think -- royal hang on . Royal throw the lever on the elevator to full speed . it accelerate and start shaking violently . he yell into a walkie-talkie : royal ( cont ’d ) pagoda ! let 's hit it ! richie ( hesitates ) I do not mean right this second . int . eli 's study . day . eli sit on the couch in he study work on a jigsaw puzzle of the Beatles crossing Abbey Road . Three egyptian man be chopping up yellow powder on the table . Electronic music blast form the stereo . there be a knock on the door . everyone look up . silence . eli yes ? the door open and richie look inside . eli and the egyptian man stare at richie . eli have yellow powder on he nose . he say awkwardly : eli ( cont ’d ) hey , richie . richie walk into the room . Royal and pagoda follow he . they be dress in they elevator- operator uniform . eli look confuse and uneasy . richie we want to take you to get some help . eli ( pause ) be it just you guy ? richie look slightly confuse . eli ( cont ’d ) I guess margot and you mother could not make it . ( continued ) 101 . continued : eli look disappointed . he see the bandage around richie 's arm . eli ( cont ’d ) what happen there ? richie ( hesitates ) nothing . Royal look to the egyptian man . royal would you excuse we , please ? the egyptian man hesitate . pagoda point to the door . the egyptian man leave the room . richie where 's sabrina ? eli ( pause ) they go back to England . richie nod . he sit down next to eli. Royal and pagoda sit across from they . richie be we still friend ? eli seem embarrassed and hurt . eli what do you mean ? richie be we ? eli of course . I can not believe you would ask I that . richie it do not matter . I hear about you and margot . silence . eli get up and go over to the window . he look out at the backyard . richie go over and stand next to he . eli look deeply depressed . eli I be sorry . I do not know what to say . richie you do not have to say anything . ( continued ) 102 . continued : ( 2 ) eli I always want to be a tenenbaum , you know ? richie nod . eli look to Royal . Royal nod and say quietly : royal I , too . I , too . eli but it do not mean what it use to , do it ? richie shake he head . eli open the window , reach out , and pick a dead leaf off a branch of a tree . he look to richie . eli ( cont ’d ) I wish you have have do this for I when I be a kid . richie ( pause ) but you do not have a drug problem then . eli yeah , but it still would have mean a lot to I . anyway , I really appreciate you come over here now . I do recognize that I have a problem , and I want to get better . let I just get my thing . eli go into the bathroom and lock the door . pagoda go over to the window and look out . he see eli run down the fire escape . pagoda there he go . Royal and richie rush over to the window . they watch eli drop to the ground , run into the street , and hail a taxi . he have on sock but no shoe . int . ice - cream parlor . day . a room decorate like a birthday cake . every booth be fill with divorced father and they young daughter . margot sit across from Royal . Royal be dress in he elevator- operator uniform . a waiter stand next to he . royal I want to order some ice cream for my daughter , please . what would you like , margot ? ( continued ) 103 . continued : margot I tell you . nothing . I only have five minute . Royal look frustrated . margot sigh . margot ( cont 'd ) I 'il have a butterscotch sundae , I guess . the waiter nod and walk away . silence . royal you brother 's all tear up inside . margot ( hesitates ) well , so be I , but I be not go to discuss it with you . Royal sigh . he lean across the table and say urgently : royal can not someone be a shit they whole life and want to repair the damage ? I mean , I think people want to hear that . margot do they ? Royal nod . silence . margot ( cont 'd ) you probably do not even know my middle name . royal ( pause ) it 's a trick question . you do not have one . margot helen . royal ( surprised ) that be my mother 's name . margot ( sadly ) I know it be . ext . sidewalk . day . Royal stand on the sidewalk in front of the tenenbaum house . he have a bunch of white flower in he hand . ( continued ) 104 . continued : Anwar be asleep in the BMW park at the curb . Royal throw a pebble at a window on the third floor . ari look out the window . Royal smile . ari open the window . uzi appear beside he . Royal call up to they : royal anybody feel like grab a couple of burger and hit the cemetery ? chas appear between ari and uzi . he look down to Royal . Royal look nervous . chas close the window . CUT to : Royal put he bunch of flower on rachael 's grave . he stand alone with he hand in he pocket . he walk away . ext . STREET . day . etheline and Henry come down the front step of Henry 's building . they both look depressed . Royal be wait at the bus stop on the corner , next to a small mexican man ina windbreaker and a tie . Royal have a large envelope in he hand . etheline and Henry see he . Royal go over to they royal I get you something , ethel . actually , I make it . etheline and Henry look at Royal warily . Royal hand etheline the envelope . she look to Henry . Henry shrug . she open the envelope . it contain a sheaf of typwritten document . etheline what 's this ? royal a divorce . etheline look to Royal . she say quietly : etheline from you ? royal yes . Royal look to Henry . Henry do not know what to say . Royal motion to the mexican man . royal ( cont ’d ) this be sanchez . he 's a notary public . henry ( hesitates ) hello . ( continued ) 105 . continued : sanchez hello , sir . royal if you 'il just sign here , please , ethel . Royal hand etheline a pen and point to a dot line . etheline sign . royal ( cont ’d ) and here . etheline sign . royal ( cont ’d ) and initial here . etheline sign . Royal hand the sheaf of document to sanchez . sanchez put several stamp and notation on it . Royal look up at Henry 's building . royal ( cont ’d ) you own this building , do not you , Henry ? it 's magnificent . I use to be a home - owner myself , but my son expropriate it from I . Henry do not respond . a city bus approach from the next block . royal ( cont ’d ) here come my bus . thanks , sanchez . sanchez you 's be welcome . etheline be we divorced ? royal almost . sanchez just have to file the papers . Royal signal to the bus driver . royal ( cont ’d ) I love you , etheline . and congratulation , both of you . Royal look to Henry . he turn back to etheline . royal ( cont ’d ) I do not think so much of he at first , but now I get it . he 's everything I be not . ( continued ) 106 . continued : ( 2 ) Royal smile . he turn away suddenly , run to the bus , and jump inside . he look back to etheline . he yell : royal ( cont ’d ) take back pagoda , will you ? etheline hesitates . she nod . the door close . etheline and Henry stand watch with sanchez . int . eli 's car . night . eli drive through a tunnel at top speed in the middle of the night . he have on sunglass , and he be cover with grass and dirt . Electronic music blast from the stereo . he look lose and sad . CUT to : page 258 . it say '' chapter nine . '' insert : a invitation to etheline 's and Henry 's wedding at the house on archer Avenue . it be nearly identical to the invitation on the cover of the first edition of the Royal tenenbaum . ext . STREET . day . ari , uzi and pagoda stand in front of the house with Buckley , receive the wedding guest . they help people out of they car , give they program for the ceremony , and direct they to the front door . there be about fifty guest . half of they be black and half be white . the member of the wedding party be dress in morning suit . Royal and dusty get out of a gypsy cab . Royal smile at ari and uzi . he hug pagoda and kiss ari and uzi on the top of they head . he look around . he whisper : royal I get you some jawbreaker . Royal slip ari and uzi each a large purple - and -green-striped jawbreaker . they hide they in they jacket . int . chas 's bedroom . day . a twenty-one - year - old black navy midshipman help Henry finish tie he bow tie . the midshipman be walter . Henry study he tie in the mirror . henry it 's slightly uneven . ( continued ) 107 . continued : Henry unty he knot and start from scratch . richie crack open the door and look into the room . richie Henry ? Henry look to the door . henry hello , richie . this be my son , walter sherman . richie come into the room . he and walter shake hand . richie Nice to meet you , walter . walter Nice to meet you . chas Henry 's you dad ? chas be stand in the doorway . walter hesitates . he nod . chas look to Henry . chas ( cont ’d ) so you have be marry before ? henry yes . I be a widower . chas oh , yeah . I forget . ( pause ) you know , I be a widower myself . henry I know you be , chas . int . margot 's bedroom . day . margot look out the window at the guest arrive on the street while etheline finish she make -up . margot have a white plastic inhaler in she mouth . etheline what be you chew on ? margot my nicotine inhaler . it 's suppose to help I quit . etheline be it work ? ( continued ) 108 . continued : margot not really . ext . STREET . day . ari and uzi tie Buckley 's leash around a pole in front of the house . Royal and a very small irish priest stand together at the top of the step . royal well , of course , I be half Hebrew , but the child be three - quarter mick- Catholic . priest ( nod ) so they be raise in the church . royal ( pause ) I believe so . I really do not know . a car 's tire squeal around the corner . Royal and the priest look down the block . eli 's convertible skid through the turn on to archer Avenue . Royal and the priest frown . int . eli 's car . day . eli 's face be cover with Apache warpaint . he be dress in a morning suit . he wear a distract smile . he downshift , accelerate , and steer toward the tenenbaum house . he whisper : eli here I come . CUT to : ari , uzi and Buckley watch freeze as eli 's car race toward they . Royal look panicked . he look to ari and uzi and holler : royal boy ! Royal jump down the stair . int . margot 's bedroom . day . there be a tremendous crash boom and the sound of shatter glass . etheline rush over next to margot at the window . etheline what be that ? ( continued ) 109 . continued : margot eli just crash he car into the front of the house . etheline oh , my God . int . stairwell . day . chas sprint down the stair three at a time . he fall and bang against the wall . he get back up and keep run . int . live room . day . eli sit on the floor , barefoot , cover in glass and debris . he be bleed from a head wound . Three dalmation mouse dart around the room in confusion . several guest help eli stagger to he foot . they look alarmed at he appearance , particularly the warpaint . eli where be my shoe ? Dudley find one of eli 's shoe in the fireplace . he hand it to eli . eli put it on . ext . sidewalk . day . the wedding guest quickly begin to come out the front door and gather around the smashed car . there be also a crush mailbox , and mail be scattered all over the sidewalk . the lighter airmail envelope drift about in the wind . chas run down the step . he yell : chas where be you ? Royal and richie stand up among the rubble . Royal hold ari under one arm and uzi under the other . he set they down . chas run over to they . royal they 's be ok , chas . chas grab ari and uzi . he examine they . royal ( cont ’d ) it 's ok . they be safe . ari dad , they run over Buckley . chas what ? ( continued ) 110 . continued : chas look to Royal . Royal nod . he turn to the wreckage . Buckley 's leash remain tie to the railing and extend taut beneath the wheel of eli 's car . royal I think we lose Buckley . ari and uzi start to cry . richie brushes some debris off uzi 's hair . he look to chas and point to Royal . richie he save they . kind of . chas look to richie . he say blankly : chas he do ? richie nod . chas look to Royal . Royal shrug . eli appear in the break front window of the home . eli do I hit anybody ? everyone look to eli. eli ( cont ’d ) be everybody okay ? eli see chas stare at he . eli hesitates . he dart away from the window . chas bolt up the step , bang he way through the crowd . royal chas ! wait ! int . hallway . day . chas burst into the house . he scream : chas eli! the guest panic as eli jump over a couch , knock over a chair , and duck into the kitchen . int . kitchen . day . pagoda look up from a tray of canape he be prepare . he do not appear to notice eli 's strange appearance and injury . he hold one of the canape to he . pagoda this be the quail 's egg . eli take it quickly . chas smashes open the door . eli body - check he and break out of the room . ( continued ) continued : they slam past the priest and knock he down the basement stair . the wedding guest scream and yell and try to break it up or get away . eli slip out the back door and sprint into the garden . ext . backyard . day . eli run to the back wall and try the gate . it be lock . chas tackle he hard . chas grab he by the arm , swing he around , and slam he against the wall . eli yell . people rush into the backyard . richie run outside . richie chas ! do not ! richie try to pull chas off eli . chas elbow richie in the face . richie fall backwards into the bush . chas pick up eli and try to throw he over the wall . eli scratch and clutches . eli help ! please ! chas yell insanely . he throw eli over the wall . he turn to everyone watch he . they look stunne . chas breathes heavily . richie sit up in the bush . he have he hand over he eye . richie chas ? chas hesitates . he climb over the wall . ext . neighbor 's yard . day . chas land in a Zen garden , next to eli . eli be stretch out on he back . he and chas look at each other . chas lie down on the ground . he seem drain . it be very quiet . they both stare up at the sky . there be bonsai tree all around they . eli do I hit the dog ? chas yeah . eli ( pause ) be he dead ? chas yeah . eli ( pause ) I need help . ( continued ) 112 . continued : chas so do i. walter look over the top of the wall , down at chas and eli . he look back behind he and yell to someone : walter go around to the other side ! ext . embassy . day . Henry and Royal run around the corner and up the step of a neighbor 's house . a plaque next to the front door say '' residence of the japanese ambassador . '' Royal knock . they wait . Royal look to Henry . he say suddenly : royal can I say something to you , Henry ? Henry look to Royal . royal ( cont ’d ) I have be consider a asshole for about as long as I can remember . that 's just my style . but I have feel pretty blue if I do not think you be go to forgive I . Henry nod . he say gently : henry I do not think you be a asshole , Royal . you be just a kind of a son of a bitch . Royal seem genuinely move by this remark . royal well , I appreciate that . the door open . a small asian woman in a kimono look out at they . royal ( cont ’d ) can we get into you backyard , mar 's be ? we get a couple of boy out there . ext . sidewalk . day . there be two police car , a ambulance , a tow -truck and a fire engine in front of the house . Raleigh and two paramedics roll the priest on a gurney . Raleigh hold the priest 's hand . paramedic I think he may have break he ankle . ( continued ) 113 . continued : raleigh that 's not terribly serious , be it ? ( to the priest ) do you have a alternative ? the priest shake he head . eli be be question by a police officer . his warpaint be smear , and there be several bandage on he head and arm . he look very upset . eli at which point I apparently lose control of the vehicle , smashed it into the house , and kill that poor dog . the police officer study eli 's driver 's license . police officer you be eli Cash . eli ( pause ) I be , indeed . police officer I love you work . eli ( touch ) how sweet of you to say so . Royal stand among a group of firemen with a dalmation . royal I think he 's part mutt . what kind of papers you get for he ? one of the firemen shrug . Royal point at the dalmation . royal ( cont ’d ) sparkplug . sit. the dalmation sit . Royal look impressed . dusty stand with richie on the sidewalk and examine he eye . it be scratch badly and look terrible . dusty can you see out of it ? richie cover he good eye to test he bad eye . richie not really . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) dusty uh-huh . minor corneal damage . page I if it spread to the other eye . Raleigh and Dudley stand next to each other wear firemen 's helmet . Dudley laugh crazily . raleigh what 's so funny , Dudley ? dudley you look great ! Henry and walter survey the scene from the smashed - out live room window . walter point to the rubble . walter but this be not structure - bear element , dad . henry it do not matter . it 's still best to file under force majeure and recoup the deductible . ari and uzi try to look at Buckley under eli 's car as several firemen and tow-truck driver attach strap and chain to the wheel and axle . etheline go over to they . etheline you boy come over here with I . ari but Buckley 's still under there . etheline I know , but there 's nothing we can do for he , at the moment . Royal take the dalmation over to chas . royal I get you a new dog for the boy . chas look at the dalmation . he look back to Royal . chas what 's this ? royal I just buy he . chas you do ? Royal nod . silence . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) royal I be sorry I let you down , chas . all of you . I have be try to make it up to you . Royal hold out the leash . chas hesitates . he take it . chas what 's he name ? royal ( quietly ) sparkplug . chas thank you . royal you 's be welcome . chas suddenly start cry . he stare at the ground . chas we have have a rough year , dad . royal I know you have , chassie . Royal put he hand on chas 's head . chas look to Royal and take a deep breath . he nod . Royal watch as chas take the dalmation over to ari and uzi and talk to they quietly for a minute . uzi pet the dalmation . ari take the leash . etheline look to Royal . Royal look back at she . etheline smile sadly . ext . roof . day . richie and margot sit near the edge of the roof , next to the falcon in its coop . richie have a ice pack over he eye . he brushes he hand against the white feather on the falcon 's neck . margot I wonder what happen to he . richie I do not know . ( pause ) sometimes when people have a traumatic experience , they hair turn white . silence . margot say quietly : margot well , I be sure he 'il get over it . ( continued ) 116 . continued : richie nod . margot look at he for a minute . she take she inhaler out of she mouth and put it in she pocket . she turn and look at the top of the chimney . she pull out a loose brick . she reach behind it and take out a pack of cigarettes and a matchbook . she look to richie . she point at the chimney . margot ( cont 'd ) this be one of my first hide place . richie study the pack of cigarettes . it be still seal , but the wrapper have fade . richie how old you think that be ? margot open the pack , take out a cigarette , put it in she mouth , and light it . she take a puff . margot I have say about ten year . richie nod . margot offer he a cigarette . he take it , and she light it . margot put she arm around richie 's shoulder , and they smoke they stale cigarettes together . ext . garden . day . ari , uzi and chas watch Royal throw dirt on to a grave in the backyard . they have tear in they eye . the dalmation sit on the ground next to they . narrator ( v.o. ) Royal dig a hole for Buckley behind the garden shed , and bury he in a canvas duffle bag . chas hand Royal a bottle of scotch , and Royal take a drink . royal all right , boy . say a prayer -- ari begin , with a jawbreaker in he mouth : ari dear heavenly Father -- int . office . day . Henry and etheline stand side by side in front of a judge in a small office with green carpet and a exercise bicycle . Henry have he leave hand raise and he right hand on a bible . henry so help I God . ( continued ) continued : the judge extend the Bible to etheline . she put she hand on it . narrator ( v.o. ) etheline and Henry be marry forty - eight hour later , in judge 's chamber . int . theatre . night . a stage - set for a play that appear to take place ina network of tree house on a tropical island . a father introduce he daughter to a group of native tribesman . father this be my adopt daughter , Elaine levinson . the house be sell out . Royal sit in the front row with the other tenenbaum . he laugh quietly and shake he head . the rest of the audience be silent . narrator ( v.o. ) margot 's new play , the levinson in the tree , be produce at the cavendish theatre . CUT to : margot stand alone outside the theatre , under the marquee , smoking a cigarette . narrator ( cont ’d ) it run for just under two week and receive mix review . int . auditorium . day . brook College . Raleigh and Dudley sit onstage at a table in front of a audience of doctor and medical student . Raleigh take a question . medical student can he tell time ? raleigh oh , my Lord , no . Dudley shake he head emphatically . narrator ( v.o. ) Raleigh and Dudley go on a lecture tour to eleven university in the promotion of they new book . insert : ( continued ) 118 . continued : a copy of Raleigh 's new book , Dudley 's World . on the dust jacket there be a yearbook photograph of Dudley with he Henry Aaron - style glass flip up . his expression be almost impossibly blank . ext . hospital . day . a resort compound on the high plain . eli practice with a lasso in front of several young addict . he have stitches on he forehead . narrator ( v.o. ) eli check himself into a rehabilitation hospital in North dakota . a tall , skinny , Native american man in he late forty walk over to eli . he and eli be dress in match deerskin jacket . eli point to he . eli this be my sponsor , run with two horse . int . 375 th STREET y rooftop . day . a concrete tennis court with a chain - link net . ari , uzi and a group of child dress in tennis clothes watch as richie demonstrate the continental style of grip to they . richie have a white gauze patch tape over he eye . richie Rod laver use it . you know who laver be ? uzi step up to the service line . he bounce a ball and get ready to serve . narrator ( v.o. ) richie start a programme teach competitive tennis to eight - to twelve- year - old at the 375th Street y . uzi hit a fast serve to richie 's forehand . richie fire he return full - speed straight down the line . uzi watch it race past he . ext . STREET . day . Royal , chas , ari and uzi ride on the back of a speed garbage truck . they be all laugh . narrator ( v.o. ) Royal have a heart attack at the age of sixty -eight . 119 . int . ambulance . day . Royal be strapped on to a gurney with tube stick out of he arm and a oxygen mask on he face . chas sit beside he , hold he hand . the ambulance race full - speed up the wrong side of the street . narrator ( v.o. ) chas ride with he in the ambulance , and be the only witness to he father 's death . Royal appear to be smile underneath he oxygen mask . he look up at chas . chas put he hand on Royal 's cheek . Royal close he eye . narrator ( cont ’d ) in he will , he stipulate that he funeral take place at dusk . insert : page 275 of the Royal tenenbaum . it say '' epilogue . '' ext . cemetery . day . snow fall lightly , and the sky be get dark . everyone in the family be gather around as chas , richie , Henry , Raleigh , eli , dusty and pagoda lower the casket . they be all bundle up in coat and scarve . they step away from the grave . Henry stand next to etheline . she take he arm . pagoda wear Royal 's sunglass . tear stream down he face . dusty stand beside he . margot have she arm around richie 's shoulder . she smoke a cigarette . Raleigh stand next to Dudley . eli stand next to walter . the priest be on crutch . chas look to ari and uzi stand a few yard away . he nod . ari and uzi fire several shot into the air with chas 's and Royal 's old bb gun . Royal 's gravestone sit in a wheelbarrow next to a pile of dirt . it read '' Royal o’reilly tenenbaum ( 1932-2001 ) . '' epitaph : '' die tragically rescue he family from the wreckage of a destroy sink battleship . '' the priest see this and hesitates . he look puzzle . he smile slightly . richie throw a white flower into the grave . they all stand in silence for a minute before they turn away and walk to they wait car . -- the end --