the ruins written by Scott Smith fade in on : ext . cancun HOTEL - swimming pool - day the hotel be six storey high , a wall of glass and stucco . Beach chair be array around the pool 's edge ; sunbather lie sprawle across they . a short boardwalk lead toward the Gulf of Mexico : the white sand , the blue water . four young Americans be encampe near the pool 's edge ; they be all in they early twenty . amy lie face down on a chaise , eye shut , a cooler beside she . she 's petite , with short blond hair , she skin pinkly sunburn . eric sit in the chair beside she , study the cliff Notes for the canterbury tale . he 's leanly muscular , with dark curly hair . other cliff Notes lie scattered beneath he chair : Antigone , a Separate peace , hea rt of darkness , 1984 . jeff and stacy sit on the far side of the cooler ; they be play gin . stacy , too , be petite , with short hair , though hers , . be dark . she 's wear a pale blue bikini , and have a beer bottle in she hand . she look a little bored . Jeff be tall , scrawny . like Eric , he have a pair of swim trunk on , and be deeply tan . he 's very focus , frown down at he card . stacy we should play War . it 's more fun . Jeff take a card from he hand , lay it down on the table . jeff that 's not even a game . stacy sure it be . I will teach you . she start - to fold she hand , ' but Jeff shake he head . jeff I know how to play . I mean it 's just chance -- there 's no skill involved . stacy frown down at she hand , silence . she pick a card from the deck , immediately discard it . Jeff snatch it up , lay down one of he own . stacy stare at it in dismay . stacy but I keep lose . 2 . jeff ' Cause you be not concentrate . stacy I would not have to concentrate if we play War . jeff exactly . so where 's the fun ? stacy I would win sometimes . it 's not fun if we both can not win . jeff but it 's not win if it 's just chance . stacy of course it be . if we flip a coin , and I call head , and it -- eric fuck ..; this .. shit . Eric throw the canterbury tale to the ground . then he rise , step to the cooler , pull out a beer , carry it back to he chair . stacy watch as he take a long swallow . stacy maybe you should just be honest , sweetie . Eric do not even glance at she . he sip he beer again . stacy ( cont would ) you could say : look , I do not know anything about this either , so now we be gonna read they together and sort of teach each other as we go . ( turn to Jeff ) would not you have love that ? to have a teacher who -- Amy speak without open she eye , cut stacy off : amy why would they hire you if you have not read the book ? eric I say I have . 3. jeff so maybe you should .. eric ( appal by the idea ) the canterbury tale ? you ever look at that shit ? jeff I have read it . eric fuck off . it 's not even English . Jeff watch stacy take another card ; she examine it , set it on the discard pile . then , reciting : jeff this world ny but a thurghfare ful of will , and we be pilgrymes , pass to and for . deeth be a ende of every worldly soore . Eric and stacy stare at Jeff in astonishment . Amy do not react . Jeff glance toward she . jeff ( cont would ) sunscreen , Amy . amy I be fine . I have get a base . jeff you be burn . I can see it . she finally open she eye , lift she head , peer at she shoulder . she press at the pink skin . any I be just flushed . it 's too hot . stacy lean forward , pick a second card off the deck . Jeff be focus on Amy ; he do not notice . jeff you be hot because you be burn . amy it 's only be -- stacy interrupt , speak in a slightly singsong fashion : 4. stacy so there be this king , who live in a castle . Amy turn , give she a pain look . amy please do not . eric but what he really want be a beach house . amy stop it . both of you . right now . they ignore she , ping -pong quickly back and forth : stacy so he decide to move . eric but the Queen do not want to . stacy so he leave by himself . eric but he get lonely . Amy cover she ear with she hand , block out they voice , but then inmiediately reach to feel for she earring : one of they be miss . amy shit . stacy so he buy a dog . eric but it have fleas . amy I lose my earring . stacy so he give it a bath . eric but the dog catch . cold . Amy sit up , glance about . stacy and Eric keep go : 5 . stacy so he give it some medicine . eric but it be the wrong kind . stacy so the dog die . Amy rise , step toward the pool . Jeff lay down he card , join she beside the water . they both peer into it . ext . cancun HOTEL - boardwalk - day a young man be approach down the boardwalk from the beach , carry fin , a mask , a snorkel . he 's in he early twenty : blond , crew - cut , very tall . his name be mathias . as he near the pool , he stop , stare . mathias be Pov - the pool Eric and stacy have rise to join Jeff and Amy ; they be all peer into the water . Amy hold she remain earring out to Eric and stacy , show they what it look like . back to scene - mathias he stand there , hesitate . then he start forward . mathias be Pov - through the mask - underwater - day we glide just above the pool 's pale blue bottom . a silver earring come into view . Mathias 's hand reach for it . ext . cancun HOTEL - pool - day the two couple have spread out around the pool 's edge , search for the earring . Mathias surface in front of Amy . he hold out he hand , with the earring - in it ; she stare , startle , then crouch to take it . amy thank you so much . . Mathias nod . he start to turn , as if to swim off , but Jeff stop he : 6. jeff wait . . . want a beer ? he wave toward they chair , the cooler beside they . ext . cancun HOTEL - pool - later Mathias and the two couple sit together , with they beer . Amy 's skin have turn deep red ; stacy be behind she , apply lotion to she shoulder . Eric be talk to Mathias : eric we go sailing yesterday . out toward Cozumel ? and there be this seven foot fish , this huge -- jeff nurse shark . eric ( he nod ) like thirty of they . a whole , you know , flock . jeff School . eric the water be , I do not know , ten foot deep ? and they be lie on the bottom , just wait for somebody to come swim by -- jeff they be not dangerous . Eric turn , stare at Jeff . eric you say they be shark . jeff but they be not dangerous . they eat lobster . Sea urchin . that sort of thing . Eric consider this , frown . then he take a sip of beer . he shrug , turn back toward Mathias . eric I would not be snorkeling on my own . ' that 's all I be say . 7 . when Mathias speak , it 's with a slight german accent : mathias I be not on my own . I be with my brother . Jeff glance around the pool . jeff he 's here ? Mathias shake he head . mathias he meet a girl . they go away . jeff to ? mathias it 's a complicated story . they watch he , wait for more , but nothing come . finally : eric you should hang with we , then . if you be on you own . ( he glance at the other ) right ? everyone nod , smile . Eric reach into the cooler , pull out another beer , hold it toward Mathias . ext . cancun beach - night there 's a dj , a dozen beer keg . a few young man and woman be dance beside a bonfire , but most of the crowd be scattered in small group across the sand , talking , drink , the firelight flicker off they face . stacy , Amy , Eric , Jeff and Mathias be sit together ; they all have cup of beer . stacy be between Eric 's leg , lean against he chest . Amy , Jeff and Mathias sit cross-legged . everyone but Jeff and Mathias be a little drunk , and you can hear it in they voice . Amy drain she cup , stand up , very unsteadily . she hold out she hand to Jeff . amy dance . Eric smile , as if the idea of Jeff dance be absurd . 8. eric Jeff do not dance , Amy - - he have no rhythm . of all he many gift , rhythm be not one . amy that 's not true . he play the trombone in high school . he win a prize . Eric seem startle by this , amused . eric seriously ? Amy nod . she drain she beer , toss the cup aside . amy Jeff 's win prize for everything . his Mom have a whole room build just for they . trophies and ribbon and plaque . he 's a very accomplish young man . ( she hold out she hand - to eric ) you ? eric ( he shake he head ) I do not dance on sand . stacy make a snorting sound . stacy or grass . or cement . or carpet . eric I dance on teak . amy teak ? eric it 's a type of wood . very rare . find I a teak floor and I will be a dance fool . Amy shift toward Mathias , hold out she hand . he stare at it , then glance at Jeff . before he can speak , stacy push herself to she foot ; she 's almost as wobbly as Amy . stacy I will dance . 9 . they lurch off across the sand toward the bonfire . the boy watch they go . a beat , then Jeff glance at he watch . jeff I be gonna head back . Eric give he a look of disappointment , eric you be kid . Jeff seem startled by this : jeff what ? eric how long be mo school ? four year ? Jeff nod . eric ( cont would ) and then you get , whaddya call it , residency ? another nod . Eric turn toward Mathias . eric ( cont would ) he 's gonna be grind away all that time . sleepless . Fucking miserable . and know what ? he 's gonna look back on this night , we right here , and he 's gonna say to himself , shit , I wish I would -- jeff go to bed earlier . Eric stare at he ; this be not the direction he be head . jeff ( cont would ) if I be gonna be so short on sleep , I should get as. much as I can now , do not you think ? he stand up , brushes the sand from he short . Eric shrug , lift he cup toward he . eric all work and no play -- 10 . jeff make a man healthy , wealthy , and wise . with that , Jeff nod good night to they , then start off toward the hotel . Eric and Mathias turn back toward the bonfire . they sit in silence , watch the girl dance . after a moment , Amy stagger away from the other dancer , toward a group of young man , drink together in the shadow . she reach down , pull one of they to he foot , start to drag he back toward the bonfire . the young man be tall , with long blond hair . he laugh , try to free himself , but Amy be insistent ; she keep pull at he , and finally he surrender . they begin to dance . stacy be dance on she own , eye shut , oblivious . Mathias glance toward Eric . Eric shrug . eric Amy drift sometimes , when she drink . mathias drift ? eric like a boat -- she bump into other boat . they continue to watch . Amy and she partner 's dance be become steadily more intimate , the gap between they body narrowing , then disappear altogether . finally , Eric push himself to he foot . ' eric ( cont would ) come on . let 's save everyone some grief . he start . forward , follow by Mathias . they join stacy and Amy , and Eric subtly interrupt Amy 's pas de deux . the blond - haire young man disengage , drift back toward he friend . ext . cancun beach - dawn it 's quiet , the sun just break the horizon ; the beach be nearly empty . a handful of hotel employee be tidy up after the bonfire : carry off the empty keg , rake clean the rubbish -strewn sand . gull hover overhead , cawing . 11 . Jeff appear , run along the beach , he T-shirt soak with sweat . he stop as he near we , stand for a moment just above the line of surf , catch he breath , watch the sun rise . then he turn , start toward the hotel . ext . cancun HOTEL - terrace - dawn a breakfast buffet : trays of pancake , egg , fresh fruit . there be a dozen table beneath brightly color umbrella . Mathias be the only diner at this hour ; he 's dress in jeans and a T-shirt . he study a piece of paper as he eat . jeff ( o.s. ) you be up early . Mathias lift he head : Jeff be stand there in he sweaty shirt , smile down at he . mathias I have to catch a bus . jeff to ? Mathias slide the sheet of paper toward he . Jeff bend to look . there 's a paragraph in german scrawle above a hand - draw map , with four place name : Cancun , valladolid , tizimin , coba . a large X have be draw to the west of coba . mathias the girl my brother meet be on she way to this place , to work . ( he wave at the map ) it 's a dig -- a archaeological dig . and he go with she . he leave the map , say I could come , too , if I get bored on my own . a beat ; he watch Jeff examine the map . then : mathias ( cont would ) we flight leave the day after tomorrow . I can wait and hope he return in time .. or I can go get he . it 's a question of trust he to do the right thing . jeff and you do not ? 12 . mathias henrich do not think thing through . he run at they . he 's ... ( he search , shake he head ) there 's a word in English , but I can not remember it . jeff impetuous ? mathias ( he nod ) so I have to be -- jeff responsible . mathias all we life , the same story . jeff.slide the map back toward he . jeff it 's what ? one of that pyramid ? mathias ( he shake he head ) a old mining camp . jeff De oro ? 0 plata ? Mathias just stare at he . jeff ( cont would ) you do not speak Spanish ? Mathias shake he head . jeff ( cont would ) so how will you find this place ? mathias ( he smile , shrug ) follow the m ap . Jeff frown down at the map for a long beat . it seem as if he 's go to question the feasibility of this , but . then he disengage instead , wiping at the sweat on he face . jeff well , good luck . 13 . Mathias nod he thanks , and Jeff turn , start away from the table . we move with he , across the terrace , into the : int . cancun HOTEL - restaurant it 's completely empty at this hour , and eerily silent . chair be stack on the table . as Jeff enter , a waiter move past ham , carry a pitcher of orange juice . Jeff stop , turn to watch through the window beside the door . jeff' Pov - through the window the waiter refill Mathias 's glass . Mathias smile , nod . back to scene Jeff hesitates , waver . then he push open the door again , step outside . we watch -- through the window -- as he approach Mathias . there 's the sound of someone retching , coughing . this carry over into : int . cancun HOTEL - jeff and amy bathroom - day a rack with towel on it , a sink , a tub . Amy be crouch over the toilet , in underwear and a T-shirt , vomiting . her skin be bright red . Jeff be stand in the tub , freshly shower , drying himself , watch . she . his run clothes hang from a hook beside the door . jeff you okay ? Amy do not answer . she cough , spit . jeff ( cont would ) you do not have to come , you know . amy I be fine . jeff you do not look fine . amy thank you . that 's very helpful . 14 . she push herself to she foot , flush the toilet , step to the sink , squeeze some toothpaste onto a toothbrush . jeff we will be back by nightfall . you can just -- Amy be raise the brush to she mouth , but she stop , give Jeff a look in the mirror . amy you do not want I to come ? jeff that 's not what I be say . amy so what be you say ? jeff you be hungover , under sleep , sunburned -- amy I be not sunburn . Jeff stare at she , the deep red of she face . then he shrug , step out of the tub , the towel around he waist . jeff . all right . my mistake . Amy bend over the sink , start to brush she tooth . int . cancun HOTEL - jeff and amy bedroom - day a king -size bed , a bureau , two night table , a mini-fridge . Jeff emerge from - the bathroom , step toward the bureau , start to dress : boxer , jeans , T-shirt . a beat , then Amy shuffles out of the bathroom . she sit on the edge of the bed , start to pull on a pair of short . jeff pant . Amy stop , the short around she ankle . amy I will get too sweaty . 15 . Jeff pull a pair of khakis from the bureau , toss they onto the bed beside she . jeff there 's gonna be mosquito . he pick up a knapsack , step to the mini-fridge , open its door . Amy stare down at the khakis for a beat , then drop back onto the bed . she lie there , look up at the ceiling , she short still catch around she ankle . amy we do not even know this guy . Jeff slide two bottle of iced tea into the knapsack . there 's a plastic shopping bag beside the fridge , and he start to dig through it . jeff and ? amy I just do not see why we have to go with he . jeff if you and I be travel together , somewhere you do not speak the language , and I would vanish somehow , would not you want someone to help find I ? amy why would you vanish ? Jeff turn , look at she : this be not the point . jeff be not you get bored ? honestly . the beach , the pool , the beach , the pool . this will be fun . a adventure . Jeff pull two protein bar from the bag , a box of raisin , a plastic bag full of grape ; he drop they into the knapsack . jeff ( cont would ) you say you want to go ;hike , do not you ? see the ruin . Amy be silent , unmove , clearly not sway . 16 . jeff ( cont would ) stay here , then . seriously . there 's no -- amy why do you keep say that ? jeff because -- amy it 's like you would rather I do not -- a knocking at the door , and she fall silent . Jeff rise , zipping shut the knapsack . he step to the door , open it . stacy and Eric be in the hall . eric ready ? the both answer at the same time : jeff amy Amy 's have second thought . Jeff do not want I to go . stacy and Eric be silent ; neither want to get involved in this . a beat , then Jeff sigh , glance at he watch . jeff now or never , any . . we be gonna miss the bus . Amy give a loud groan , sit up , reach for she khakis . int . tour bus - day only half the seat be occupy : tourist with they pack and camera - and hat . Little tvs hang from the ceiling . we move slowly down the aisle , pass Jeff and Amy first . Amy be sound asleep , a camera hang from she neck , a Panama hat in she lap . Jeff be beside she , bent low over a tour book , compare its much more detailed map with the one Mathias 's brother leave behind . next come Eric and stacy , hunch together in they seat , watch a mexican soap opera on the little tv above they . stacy mimic the actor ' exaggerated gesture , giggling . Eric have the cliff Notes for hamlet in he lap , unopen . finally , there 's Mathias . the seat beside he be empty . he 's stare out the window , he expression perfectly blank . 17 . ext . coba - day the town be very small : a dirt road line with one - and two - story building , some with thatched roof . there 's a gravel turnaround , with a bus idling in it . its door creak open . a dozen tourist emerge from the bus , blink in the sunlight . Jeff , Amy , stacy , Eric , and Mathias be among they . the boy have the knapsack ; the girl be wear match hat . Amy rub at she face , stretch , waking up .- there 's a souvenir stand at the town 's entrance , with brightly color blanket hang from its wall . the tourist start toward it , leave Jeff and the other beside . the idling bus . they peer about , get they bearing . eric now what ? Mathias have he brother 's note . he hold it out , point , and they gather around he to look . mathias we take a cab . to here . we see the map : there 's a line draw from Cancun to coba , where another , short line move westward . Mathias 's finger move along this short line , toward the X on the map . eric how far ? mathias eighteen kilometer . stacy how many mile be that ? they all glance at Jeff . he shrug . jeff eleven . a little more . mathias then there will be a path . which we hike -- four kilometer . the other look to Jeff again . he sling he pack . jeff two and a half mile . 18 . the tourist be vanish into the town . the bus 's door squeak shut . any I do not see any cab . the bus ease into motion , crunching across the gravel , pull out onto the road . behind it , a yellow pickup truck be reveal . " taxi " be hand - paint in black on its side . they start toward the truck . its driver be mayan : short and heavy - set , with thick glass . his eye be shut ; he 's doze behind the wheel . the truck 's engine . be run , the window shut tight against the heat . Jeff tap the window , and there 's a burst of movement from the truck 's rear , as a dog spring up , barking and growling . they all leap back , the girl shrieking . the dog be a mutt -- small , but muscular . he 's attach to a cinder block by a short chain , which he throw himself against , slobbering , snap at the air . they all stare at the dog ; the girl laugh nervously , clutching each other . the driver have rouse himself ; he lean forward , roll down he window , stare out at they . jeff hola . the man give he a somber nod ; the dog keep barking . Jeff take the map from Mathias , then step warily forward . jeff ( cont would ) habla ingle usted ? the man half - nod , half - shrug . jeff ( cont would ) how much to drive we to here ? he offer the map to the driver , who reach to take it . the man frown at it . then , in heavily accented english : driver why you go this place ? Jeff struggle for a simple way to explain they mission . in the back of the truck , the dog continue its frantic barring . jeff there be this ruin . this old mining camp ? ( more ) 19 . jeff ( cont would ) ( he point toward Mathias ) and he brother --- driver Fifteen dollar , I take you ruin . jeff to here ? Jeff point at the map . the driver shake he head . driver this place no good . he hold the map back out toward Jeff . Jeff take it , give the man a puzzle look . jeff no good ? driver no good you go . Fifteen dollar I take you good place . you like , I promise . Jeff glance toward the other , as if for help . they all just stand there , watch . the dog will not stop barring . driver ( cont would ) I take you pyramid . huy grande . everyone happy . he smile at Jeff ; he tooth be large and thick - look , . and black along the gum . Jeff pull out he wallet . he remove a ten and a five , then point at the map . jeff how about we pay you fifteen dollar to go here ? he hold the money out . the man do not even look at it . driver I tell you no good . still you go ? his smile have disappear ; he seem angry suddenly , as if Jeff have somehow insulted he . Jeff hesitates , glance toward the other again . then , in a conciliatory tone : jeff we be look for he brother . ( he point toward Mathias ) Su hermano ? 20 . the driver wrench the door open , make Jeff and the other flinch . he climb out , still with that angry expression on he face , then lean into the back of the truck , grab the dog 's chain , unhook it from the cinder block . he lift the dog from the truck by the chain . even dangle by its neck , the mutt continue to snarl and snap at Jeff and the other . they back away , and the man toss the dog into the truck 's cab , push the door shut . the dog throw its body against the window , slobbering and barking . the man turn toward Jeff , wiping he hand on he pants . Jeff try again : jeff ( cont would ) I be sure you ruin be better than this . it 's just that we -- the driver cut he off , hold out he hand , with that same air of enraged disgust . driver El dinero . Jeff give he the money . then the driver slap the side of the truck , gesture for they to climb into the back . ext . yucatan road - from high above - day below we , the yellow truck travel along a single - lane road . Jeff and the other be in its rear . there be field on either side of the road , border by thick jungle . the truck reach a fork in the road , bear leave , angle toward the wall of jungle , into which it vanish , the overhange foliage block it from sight . ext . yucatan road - in the jungle - day the road be dirt , heavily rutte . there 's a small clear beside it , with a path open off it . the tree grow over the path , form a shady tunnel . we hear bird call , a steady throb of insect life , but otherwise all be silent . a beat , then there 's the sound of the truck approach , along with the dog 's barking and growling . the pickup appear , move slowly , bounce and sway across the rut . the truck pull into the little clear , stop . Jeff and the other clamber out over its tailgate . 21 . the dog be still lung at they from behind the truck 's rear window . Jeff give the driver a wave . jeff gracias , senor ! the driver do not even look at he ; he just pull out onto the road , head back in the direction from which they come . there be mosquito ; stacy start to slap at herself . Jeff unsling he pack , pull out a can of insect repellent . jeff ( cont would ) here . he begin to spray she , then Eric . Amy be peer off after the truck . they can still hear the dog 's barking , but very faintly now . Jeff finish with Eric , start in on Mathias . amy how do we get back ? she point back down the road , toward the vanish truck . Jeff pause in he spraying , consider for a moment . then : jeff the guidebook say you can always flag down a pass bus . so I -- amy there be not go to be any bus on that road . Jeff nod ; this seem obvious . he resume spraying Mathias . Eric and stacy stand there , watch . amy ( cont would ) a bus could not even fit . jeff it also say you can hitch -- amy see any car pass , Jeff ? Jeff do not answer . he step toward she , start to spray she , too . she hold out she arm . amy ( cont would ) the whole time we be drive , you see even one ? stacy Eric have he phone . can not we just call someone ? 22 . amy he 's not gonna get a signal . not way out here . they all turn to watch as Eric reach into . he pack , pull out he cell phone , flip it open . he stare at it for a beat , then shake he head , snap it shut . Jeff finish spraying Amy , start in on himself . jeff they must - have a way to get supplies in . amy who ? jeff the archaeologist . they must have a truck . or access to a truck . when we find Mathias 's brother , we can just ask they to take we all back to coba. ( turn to Mathias ) right ? Mathias seem startle by the question . mathias I guess ... I mean , I -- he shrug ; he have no idea . Amy be still focus on Jeff : amy we be strand , be not we ? that 's , like , a twenty mile walk we be gonna have to do . through the jungle . jeff eleven . amy what ? Jeff finish with the insect repellent , crouch to slide the can back into he pack . jeff it 's eleven mile . amy there 's no way that be eleven mile . 23 . Jeff rise , sling he pack . he give Amy a tired look . jeff let 's just find this place , okay ? then we can figure out how to get back . Amy be silent . Jeff turn to the other . jeff ( cont would ) ready ? Mathias and Eric nod , and the boy start down the path . Amy stand there , watch they go . stacy step toward she . ' stacy just go with it , honey . you will see - - it will all work out . she hook arm with she , pull she into motion . ext . jungle trail - moving - day they hike in single file : first Jeff , then Eric , Mathias , stacy , and Amy . the path be six foot wide , hard - pack dirt . all around and above be the jungle : big-leafe plant , vine and creeper , immense tree . the path move in snakelike curve ; we can not see-very far in either direction . they be all sweat , they shirt cling to they body . the bug continue to harass they . stacy so- there be this girl who buy a piano . Amy give a loud moan . eric but she do not know how to play . stacy so she sign up for lesson . eric but she could not afford they . stacy reach , tap Mathias 's shoulder . stacy you can play , too . if you want . 24 . Mathias glance back at she . stacy ( cont would ) it 's easy . someone say so , then you say but . it 's like catch , only without a ball . ( to Eric ) so she get a job in a factory . eric but be fire for be late . Amy take off she hat , wipe the sweat from she face . amy it 's annoying . stacy so she become a prostitute . amy it 's tedious and boring . and once they start , it 's impossible to get they to stop . eric but she fall in love with she first client . Amy put she hat back on . she look hot , sweaty , tired . amy how much farther ? Mathias peer down at he brother 's note . stacy and Eric continue with they game . mathias stacy we cross a stream . then so she ask he to marry there will be a path , branching she . off to we leave . if we see a village , we have go too far . amy ( cont would ) eric a village ? but he be already marry . mathias stacy a mayan village . so she begge he to get a divorce . amy ( cont would ) eric will they have air but he be in love with he conditioning ? wife . 25 . Mathias shrug , return the note to he pocket . mathias stacy it just say there 's a so she decide to kill she . village . amy ( cont would ) I think we should go see it . stacy I , too . amy I think we should --- Jeff stop suddenly , point . jeff the stream . thirty foot in front of they , the trail dip toward a small stream , studd with boulder . it resume on the far bank , rise gradually uphill in a long straightaway . the stream be slow move , the water dark brown . Eric sniff the air . eric Fucking smell . jeff they must use it as a latrine . eric who ? jeff the village . the mayan . they start toward it , gingerly , the girl cover they nose . Jeff cross the stream , hopping from boulder to boulder , and the other follow . stacy almost fall in ; she only catch she balance at the final instant , yelping . Jeff be already start up the trail , search for the turnoff . there 's no sign of it ; the dense foliage extend unbroken as far as the eye can see . he turn to Mathias . jeff ( cont would ) how far past the stream ?. mathias right after , it say . 26 . they stand there in a loose group , stare at the tree . Eric pull a bottle of water from he pack , take a swallow , then pass it to stacy . Amy lift she arm , point . amy look . up the trail , sixty foot away , stand two small mayan boy ; they seem to have materialize out of the air . they be ten year old , shirtless , scrawny , dark -haire . one of they be hold a bicycle by its handlebar ; it do not have a seat . amy ( cont would ) maybe they can guide we . stacy smile toward the boy ; she wave , call out : stacy holal the boy just stand there , stare at they , silent , they expression wary , even frighten . one of they lean to whisper something to the other , who nod . eric why do not we -- he stop , notice Mathias . the german be stare toward the edge of the trail , where a large bush sit . one of its frond be very slowly drop toward they , pull itself free of the soil . Mathias step forward , tug at a second frond , which slip easily from the dirt . he toss it aside , reach for another frond : this , too , slip free . someone have push they into the earth , arrange they to look like a bush . Mathias pull a fourth frond free , then a fifth , and a open be reveal in the brush , a narrow path wind its way off through the tree . they stand there a beat , stare at it . then there 's a squeaking SOUND , and they all turn . amy Pov - up the trail one of the boy be hurriedly pedale off , bent low over the bicycle 's handlebar . his companion remain behind , stare toward we with a look of obvious anxiety . back to scene Amy turn to Jeff ; so do the other . 27 . amy why be it cover ? Jeff lift he hand : how should he know ? stacy maybe it 's not the right path . no one speak . they keep stare from the boy to the newly reveal path , try to make sense of it . we can still hear the squeaking of the bicycle , grow steadily fainter . jeff it 's on the map . amy it 's a hand - draw map , Jeff . stacy and it be hide . why would it be hide ? Jeff step forward , shield he eye , try to peer into the dimness of the narrow path . then he glance back toward the little boy , who continue to stand there , watch they . jeff maybe the archaeologist do not want people to find the mine . amy because ? Jeff have to think . finally : jeff maybe they have dig up something valuable . emerald or something . or silver . whatever they be mining in the first place . and they do not want anyone to come rob they . so they have ask the mayan to help keep people away . he fall into silence , stare at the boy . no one appear very convinced by he theory , not even Jeff . he shrug . jeff ( cont would ) how much farther be it ? Mathias take the map from he pocket again , glance at it . 28 . mathias not far . jeff be silly to stop now , do not you think ? no one answer ; no one move . any this just feel weird , Jeff . Jeff sigh , fight to suppress he impatience with she . jeff so we what ? turn around ? walk all the way back to coba ? silence . they all turn to stare back down the trail , then toward the mayan boy , who 's still watch they . stacy slap a mosquito , leave a bloody smear on she bare arm . Jeff lift he hand , gesture at the path . lead into the tree . jeff ( cont would ) come on . we be almost there . the other glance at one another , wait for someone to argue ; no one do . finally , Mathias step forward , slip through the narrow open . Eric follow he , and then , with just the slight hesitation , so do Amy and stacy . Jeff throw one last glance toward the boy -- who 's still stand there , sixty foot away , watch with he anxious expression -- and then he , too , vanish into the tree . ext . narrow path - moving - day they make they way along the wind path , one after another , all of they sweat , slapping at the mosquito . eric maybe the ruin be sacred . you know ? and they do not want people digging they up . he glance about , off into the tree , a little spook . eric ( cont would ) we could be walk through some sort of ancient graveyard right now . and they have -- 29 . jeff it 's a mine . a old mining camp . eric so ? jeff there 's nothing sacred about it . Eric consider this as they walk . the other be also quiet : too hot to speak . the sunlight fall through the tree in thin , shifting column , haze with mosquito . eric maybe it lead to a marijuana field , then . maybe the village be grow pot , and that boy ride off to get they , and they be gonna come with gun and -- amy Eric . eric what ? amy shut up , okay ? Eric fall silent . they follow the path as it curve first right , then leave , move gradually uphill all the while , and suddenly there 's sunlight in front of they , bright and intense : a clear . they hesitate at its edge , stare . ext . clearing / base of the hill - day the clear be twenty yard wide , and extend in either direction as far as the eye can see , finally curving out of sight . its soil be a deep black , fleck with white , like frost rime . it 's completely free of vegetation . the path resume on the far side of the clear , wind its way up asmall hill . the hill be rocky , oddly treeless , and cover with a vinelike growth -- a vivid green , with hand - shape leave and tiny red flower . Jeff and the other step warily out onto the clear ground , peer about , squinting in the sudden sunlight . they stare up at the flower - cover -hill . 30 . there be hint of ruin among the thick foliage : giant boulder with faint carving etched onto they surface , the crumble remain of a fall pillar , everything half - bury beneath the vine . stacy it 's beautiful . amy so beautiful . stacy and the mosquito be go . you realize that ? they have stop bite . she smile at the other , delighted by this development . Amy remove the cap from she camera , start to take picture . amy Pov - through the viewfinder we hear a click as she take each photo , and the image freeze for a instant . there 's the hillside , cover in its vine , its red flower : click . there 's Eric pull the water bottle from he pack : click . there 's stacy smile at we , wave : click . there 's Mathias shading he eye , peer up the hill . amy ( o.s.} smile , Mathias . mathias be that a tent ? he point . back to scene Amy lower she camera , turn to look . amy Pov - up the hill a orange square of fabric be just visible , at the very top of the hill , billow , sail - like , in the breeze . from this distance , with the rise of the hill partly block the view , its hard to tell what it be . 31 . back to scene they all stand there , peer up the hill . faintly , but grow steadily louder , a thudding noise come from the jungle . the five of they turn , head cocked , listen . jeff a horse . it 's true : hoofbeat be approach at a gallop . instinctively , Jeff and the other back a handful of step toward the hill . a long. beat , then a horseman burst into the clear , rear to a halt . Amy lift she camera . amy Pov - through the viewfinder a bald mayan man be on the horse ; he 's broad - shoulder , short , in he early forty , dress in a white shirt and pants . the horse rear a second time , and the image freeze for a instant , with a click , as Amy snap another picture . back to scene the bald man shout at they in unsubtitled mayan . his horse be lather , snorting , roll its eye . it rear yet again , and the man half - fall , half - jump to - the ground . Jeff and the other back a few more step into the clear . amy Pov - through the viewfinder the bald man be still hold the rein ; the horse be back away from he , jerk its head , try to break free , pull he , step - by-step , back toward the trail . click . back to scene the man can not gain control of the horse . finally , he drop the rein , and the horse gallop into the jungle , crashing through the tree , its hoofbeat gradually diminish . the man turn toward they , start yelling in mayan again , point back down the trail . sweat shine on he forehead . there 's a gun on he belt , a black pistol in a brown holster . stacy be clutching Eric 's arm , look frighten . stacy what 's he say ? 32 . eric maybe he want money ? a toll or something ? the mayan continue shout , wave he arm . Jeff reach into he pocket , pull out he wallet , remove a twenty . jeff dinero ? the man ignore the proffer bill , make a shooing motion , wave they from the clear . Mathias turn toward the hill , cup he hand around he mouth , shout : mathias henrichi there 's no response , just the orange fabric gently billow . jeff why do not you hike up , see if you can find he ? we will try to sort this out . Mathias nod , start across the clear . the bald man shout at he in mayan , and then , when Mathias do not stop , pull he pistol from its holster , fire into the sky . everyone flinch , half -ducking . stacy scream . Mathias go still . the man wave at he , yelling in mayan , and Mathias come back , he hand raise , to join the other . hoofbeat be approach from the jungle again . they come closer and closer , and suddenly two more horseman burst into the clear . they be young than the bald man in they twenty , dark - haire , muscular . one have a mustache . they mount be white - eye , snorting , rear , just like the bald man' . the two man jump to the ground , drop they rein , and the horse immediately turn and gallop back into the jungle . Amy lift she camera again . amy Pov - through the viewfinder the young man have bow sling across they chest , and quiver of thin , fragile - look arrow . they question the bald man in mayan , very rapidly . he 's still aim he pistol at Mathias . a click , and the image freeze for a instant . 33 . back to scene as they continue to interrogate the bald man in mayan , the young man unsling they bow , each of they nock a arrow . reflexively , Jeff and the other retreat another handful of step into the clear . Mathias still have he hand raise . eric what the fuck ? jeff quiet . eric they 're -- jeff wait . wait and see . Amy be a bit farther into the clear than Jeff and the other . she keep swinging she camera from they to the mayan , try to capture the whole scene in one shot . she 's too close , though , - and she retreat another handful of step . amy Pov - through the viewfinder still back up toward the hill ; all of they but stacy and Eric be in the frame now . the bald mayan be still answer the young man 's question . he turn toward we suddenly , point he pistol directly at we , .start to shout . back to scene Jeff and the other turn , too , stare at Amy in surprise . she 's nearly at the far edge of the clear , peer through she camera ; she retreat another step . the young mayan raise they bow , draw they ; the bald man keep yelling . jeff amy -- she take another step ; she 's right up against the vine . amy Pov - through the viewfinder stacy be in the frame now . we retreat one more step , and so be Eric , and the mayan with they raise weapon , the bald man still shout : everything freeze on the click . 34 . back to scene Amy lower she camera . the mayan with the mustache turn to the other two , point toward she foot , spear urgently . the bald mayan slowly lower he pistol , look dismay . Amy glance down . amy Pov - her feet she 's step out of the clear , into the flowering vine . back to scene both of the young mayan be speak now , they voice rising . the bald mayan be shaking he head , protest , but they talk right over he . Amy step clear of the vine , start back toward Jeff , and the young mayan draw they bow taut again , aim at she chest . she freeze . amy jeff --- Jeff lift he hand , without look , he eye on the mayan . jeff do not move . the bald man continue to frown and shake he head . he point to Amy , then the other ; he wave toward the jungle . but the young man be implacable -- they keep argue , gesture -- and finally the bald man give in , fall silent . a beat , then the bald man raise he pistol , aim it at Jeff 's chest . he make a shooing motion with he other hand , but now it 's toward Amy , and the hill beyond she . he begin to shout ; the other man do , too . then the bald man fire a bullet into the dirt at Jeff 's foot . everyone jump , start to retreat . the man with the bow be swinging they back and forth , herding they toward the hill . when Jeff and the other reach Amy , the bald man point toward the trail , wave they up it . he watch -- he expression look stricken , close to tear -- as the five of they obediently begin to climb the vine- cover hill . ext . hillside - day midway up the hill , they pause to catch they breath . 35 . jeff check you phone , Eric . Eric pull out he phone , flip it open , stare at it . eric nothing .. he snap it shut . they stand there : sweat , scared look . Mathias cup he hand to he mouth again , shout : mathias henrich ... I they all peer up the hill , wait for a response . eric be Pov -- up the hill it be a tent : bright orange , look a bit worse for wear . the vine be grow up its aluminum pole as if on a trellis . . the tent face away from we ; its doorway be hide . there 's no sign or sound of any people . back to scene Eric turn , glance back down the hill , shield he eye . eric there 's another one . he point toward the clear below they . eric' Pov the clearing a fourth man have arrive , on a bicycle . he 's dress in white , like the other , with a straw hat on he head . a beat , then two more mayan appear , also on bicycle . they all have bow sling over they shoulder . the bald man address this newcomer . he wave in either direction , and the other man start off along the clear , two one way , three the other , leave he alone at the base of the hill . a beat , then a little boy appear from the jungle -- the one who would watch they discover the camouflage path . he and the bald man stand there , peer up at we . 36 . back to scene Eric turn to the other , excite : eric let 's run back down . Quick . while there 's just he and the kid . we can rush they . stacy he 's get a gun , Eric . this silence eric--silence all of they . Mathias turn , shout toward the tent again . mathias henrich ... 1 there 's no answer . they wait another beat , then Jeff wave they back into motion . ext . hilltop - day the hill be flat on top , form a wide plateau . Beyond the orange tent be a small clear of rocky ground . a blue tent sit on the far side of the clear , look just as weathered as the orange one , the vine grow up its pole . the five of they pause , peer about . Jeff call out : jeff hello ...? silence . the vine cover everything but the trail and the clear . we glimpse more rubble beneath its greenery : time - wear stelae , a low stone wall . in some place the vine fold back upon itself , form waist - high mound , tangle knoll - like profusion of green . and everywhere , hang off it , be that bright red flower . Mathias move toward the orange tent , and Jeff follow he . they unzip its flap , stoop to peer inside . jeff' Pov - inside - the orange tent the vine have take root in here , too , grow on some thing , leave other untouched . there be three sleep bag unroll on the floor . a oil lamp . two backpack . a roll of duct tape . a bottle of tequila . a metal canteen . 37 . back to scene Jeff and Mathias zip the flap back shut . Eric , stacy and Amy be fifteen foot away , watch . eric what 's inside ? jeff nothing . some camp supplies . Mathias start across the clear toward the blue tent , follow by Jeff and the other . he unzip its flap , stick he head inside . Jeff lean to look , too . jeff' Pov - inside the blue tent the same thing : sleep bag , backpack , camp supplies . the vine be grow on some thing , but not on.other . back to scene ten yard beyond the tent , there 's a hole cut into the dirt . stacy , Amy , and Eric have gather at its edge ; Jeff and Mathias join they . the hole be rectangular - - ten foot by six foot -- and very deep ; we can not see its bottom . a windlass have be construct beside the hole , a horizontal barrel with a hand crank weld to its base . rope be coiled around the barrel . from there , it pass over a small wheel , which hang from a sawhorse straddle the hole 's mouth . then it drop straight into the earth . amy the mine ? Jeff nod . a draft be rise from the hole , and it lift off Amy 's hat . she try to catch it , but fumble : the hat fall away from she . they all watch it vanish into the dark . Eric pull out he phone , flip it open , almost absentmindedly : a nervous gesture . there 's still no signal . he close it , turn to survey the clear , the empty tent . eric now what ? Jeff shrug , wave past the shaft . the clear end just a few yard from they ; 38 . then the vine resume , and in the midst of the vine be the path . it wind its way to the edge of the hilltop , vanish over it . jeff keep go , I guess . say this , he sling he pack onto he shoulder . then he start forward , the other fall in behind he . ext . hillside - day they pick they way down the trail . it 's much steeper on this side ; there be short stretch where they have to drop onto they rear end and slide , one after another . it 's after one of this that Jeff suddenly stop , stare . jeff' Pov - the bottom of the hill it look as if the jungle have be chop down all the way around the base of the hill , isolate it in a ring of barren soil . one of the mayan have make he way along this clear ground to the base of the trail . he 's stare up at they . eric ( o.s. ) fuck . the man slide he bow off he shoulder , nock a arrow . he shake he head at they , call out in mayan , wave they away . back to scene the five of they stand there , stare down at the man . stacy what do we do ? Jeff shrug , start forward again . jeff we will see . the other hesitate , and then , one after another , resume they downward march . ext . base of the hill - day as they approach the clear , the mayan man yell what sound like someone 's name . 39 . a beat , then another bowman come jogging into view . Jeff and the other stop at the bottom of the trail . they stand there , stare . the vine have invade the clear here . ten foot in front of the path be one of that odd , knoll - like growth , knee-high , thick with flower . the two mayan be another twenty foot beyond it , in the center of the clear , bow draw . amy so. her skin be slick with sweat , and she 's wind from the hike down . a third mayan come jogging toward they . he stop beside the other two , draw he bow . eric we should rush they . all at once . stacy shut up , Eric . eric or go make shield . if we have some shield , we could -- he fall silent as another mayan come run toward they . along the clear . this one be bearded , heavier than the other . and he 's carry a rifle . any oh my god . Jeff be stare at the little isolate island of vine , ten foot in front of they -- peer intently at it . stacy let 's go back up . Jeff take a step forward into the clear -- slowly , warily . stacy ( cont would ) I wanna go back . Jeff take another step , edging toward the mound , he eye on the mayan , they raise weapon . they just watch he . any jeff -- he ignore she , take a third step , then a forth , which bring he to the mound of vine . he crouch , reach into the tendril , parting they . he grasp a stalk , tug , pull it free . we see a tennis shoe , a sock , a man 's shin . 40 . Jeff turn , stare at Mathias , who step forward , crouch beside he , start to pull at the vine , gently at first , then more aggressively , tear they , the plant 's sap shine on he skin , a low moan rise from he chest . another shoe be reveal , another leg , a pair of jeans , a belt buckle , a black T-shirt . and then , finally : a young man 's face , the flesh oddly eat away , so that he cheekbone be visible , the white socket of he leave eye . amy ( cont would ) oh , no . oh , Jesus . Jeff hold up he hand , silencing she . the mayan stand there , in the center of the clear , watch . Mathias have begin to rock slightly , that moaning come and go . Jeff touch he shoulder , whisper : jeff easy . all right ? easy and slow . we will stand up and we will walk away . we will walk back up the hill . the young man 's T-shirt be stiff with dry blood . there be . three slender arrow impale in he chest . mathias it 's my brother . jeff I know . mathias they kill he . Jeff nod , he hand still on Mathias 's . shoulder ; he squeeze . jeff shh . not here . up the hill , okay ? Mathias be struggle to control he breathe ; the moan keep come . finally , he manage a nod , and they both stand up . stacy and Amy be hold hand , look stricken . stacy have start to cry . Eric have he arm around she . the mayan keep they weapon raise . they watch in silence as Jeff and the other turn to start back up the hill . ext . hilltop - day Jeff and Mathias be at the top of the trail , stare down toward the clear . 41 . jeff' Pov - the bottom of the bill more mayan be appear from the jungle . they be all armed . the bald man send they out along the clear , some in one direction , some ' the other . back to scene Jeff and Mathias stand there , grim -face , watch . Mathias lift he hand , stare at they . they have turn a deep , raw - meat red , as if scar . he flexe he finger , wince . ext . hilltop - the clearing - day Amy , stacy , and Eric sit in the clear , beside the shaft , pass a bottle of water among themselves . Eric be struggle to calm the girl : eric we can sneak past once the sun ... -' set , I bet . you know ? just reep by they in the dark ? stacy and Amy hardly seem to hear he ; they look daze , distraught . Eric pass the bottle to stacy . a beat , then : eric ( cont would ) and then there 's the girl . amy the girl ? eric the one he brother meet . what happen to she ? Amy and stacy be silent . stacy lift the water bottle to she lip , but immediately lower it , and start to cry again . Amy take she hand . Eric watch they , silent . then : eric ( cont would ) and the archaeologist . you think -- stacy 's cry deepen toward a sob . Amy give Eric a look . amy stop it , Eric . eric what ? 42 . amy just stop , okay ? stop talk . stacy struggle to collect herself , breathe deep . she wipe at she face . Amy keep stroking she hand . Jeff and Mathias be approach across the hilltop . Mathias hold he burn - look hand out in front of he . he 9 a no Jeff crouch beside the other . eric what happen ? Jeff take the bottle from stacy . he pour a tiny bit of water on Mathias 's hand . jeff there 's something in the plant . the sap -- it burn he skin . Mathias rub at he hand with he shirt , grimace . Amy reach to take the water back from Jeff . she start to lift the bottle to she mouth , but .. teff lean forward , grab it . jeff ( cont would ) do not . we need to save it . amy but I be thirsty . jeff we all be . amy so let 's drink . Jeff shake he head , capping the bottle . jeff we do not have that much . we need to ration it . ( he glance up at the sky ) we will have to figure out a way to catch the rain . everyone but Amy peer up at the sky : it 's a perfect , cloudless blue . Amy remain focus on Jeff . amy I be hungover . I be sunburn . I lose my hat . I need some water . 43 . jeff amy -- amy why do you get to decide ? Jeff stare at she , consider this . then he shrug . jeff Fine . let 's vote . ( he glance at the other ) but first you should understand that each of we be gonna need half a gallon of water a day , at a minimum , to survive here . that 's two and a half gallon total , every day . and right now , until it rain , we do not have it . okay ? not even one day 's worth . ( a beat ) now who want to give Amy more water ? a long moment of silence . no one can meet Amy 's eye . finally , very quietly : stacy maybe we should just wait , honey . any till ? everyone look toward Jeff . jeff another hour or so . then we will all have a sip . okay ? Amy can see that she have no choice . she give a grudge nod , and Jeff slide the bottle into he knapsack . jeff ( cont would ) we have to get organize . now . while we be still fresh . we will have to stay out of the sun , spend as much time as possible in the tent . we will have to -- stacy can not we sneak away when it get dark ? Eric say we -- 44 . Jeff shake he head , cut she off . he wave across the hilltop , toward where he and Mathias have be stand . jeff they keep come . more and more of they . they be all armed , and the bald one send they out along the clear . they be surround we . Amy , stacy and Eric struggle to absorb this . finally : eric why do not they just kill we ? jeff it 's get something to do with the hill , I think . once you step on it , you be not allow off . something like that . they will not step on it themselves , but now that we be here , they will not let we leave . so we have to figure out a way to survive till someone come and find - we . amy who ? Jeff lift one hand , palm - up , half a shrug . jeff people will start to worry when we do not return home . right ? and they will -- amy we be not suppose to leave till Friday . Jeff nod . amy ( cont would ) and they will have to come search . again , he nod . amy ( cont would ) so you be talk -- what , a week ? . jeff something like that . Amy look appal ; she voice jump : 45 . amy we can not live here for a week , Jeff . jeff if we try to leave , they will shoot we . that 's the one thing we know for certain . a electronic chirping come from the shaft : it sound like a cell phone ringing . Mathias turn he head , listen . no one else notice it . amy but what will we eat ? how will we -- the ringing come again , silencing she . she glance toward the shaft , not quite believe what she 's hearing . it come a third time , and they all stand up , step to the hole , peer into its darkness . the ringing come yet again . stacy a cell phone . amy it can not be -- jeff that 's a cell phone , Amy . definitely . . amy but there 's no signal out here . Eric can not get a signal . reflexively , Eric pull out he phone , check again : nothing . there 's another ring . jeff it could be a different network . something local . amy Way down in that hole ? how could it pick it up ? still another ring . eric what else can it be ? 46 . the ringing fall silent . they all stand there , stare into the hole . a long beat , then it resume . Eric clap he hand , ecstatic . the other be start to smile , too . Mathias move to the windlass . he unroll some of the rope , start to wrap it around he chest . Jeff watch he . another ring . the vine have take root on the windlass : - the sawhorse , the barrel , the rope . Jeff step forward , begin to yank it off , careful not to get the sap on he hand . he turn to Amy . jeff there 's a lamp in the orange tent . see if you can find some match , too . Amy hurry off toward the orange tent , vanish inside . there 's a final ring , and then silence again . Mathias be knotting the rope tightly around he chest . Amy return , carry a oil lamp , a box of match . everyone watch as Jeff crouch to light the lamp . then he rise , turn toward Mathias , look at he closely . jeff ( cont would ) you sure ? Mathias nod , take the lamp , step to the edge of the hole . Jeff and Eric move to the windlass ; they position themselves at the hand crank , lean into it , so the rope go taut . Mathias gird himself , step out over the hole . he dangle there for a moment , hang beneath the sawhorse , the windlass groaning on its mount . then Jeff and Eric begin to reverse the crank , let the rope slowly spool out . stacy and Amy stand beside the shaft , peer into it , watch as Mathias begin he descent -- ten foot , twenty foot , thirty foot down , and still only darkness beneath he , with no sign of the shaft 's bottom . the windlass creak as it turn ; Jeff and Eric strain against it , sweat , muscle taut . Amy have turn from the shaft , be watch : the rope as it slowly unspool from the barrel . amy Jeff . he turn to look , and she point at the rope , where it come off the windlass and angle up toward the little wheel hang from the sawhorse . 47 . amy ( cont would ) the sap ... they would clear off most of the vine from the rope , but not all of it . some of this remain tendril have be crush as the windlass slowly unspool . they sap be darken the rope in spot , eat into it . amy ( cont would ) I think it 's -- Jeff immediately turn back to the crank , he voice urgent : jeff pull he up ! Eric have not grasp what 's happen . he hesitates . jeff ( cont would ) nowt Amy jump forward to help , all three of they push at the crank , get in each other 's way , the windlass creaking as it begin to turn again , slowly reclaim the rope . stacy remain beside the shaft , peer anxiously into it . stacy Pov - the shaft Mathias be twenty - five foot beneath we , just beginning to bump he way upward , sway back and forth . he stare up at we , confuse : mathias what be it ? the rope beneath the sawhorse be be visibly eat away , its hemp unravel . back to scene stacy turn toward the other , point , terrify . stacy it be -- the rope swap . Jeff , Eric and Amy fall forward , the windlass spin wildly behind they , free 'of its weight . a long beat , then there 's a distant , hollow - sounding thump , follow instantly by the pop of the lamp shatter . stacy lean to peer into the shaft , she hand over she mouth . 48 . stacy Pov - the shaft darkness . silence . stacy ( o.s. ) Mathias ...? her voice echoes back at we . there 's no response . back to scene Jeff , Eric , and Amy join stacy at the edge of the shaft , all of they stare down into the darkness , look horrify . eric oh , Jesus . oh , fuck . amy be he -- there 's a groan from below , very faint , almost inaudible . jeff he 's moan . they listen for a beat , but there 's only silence . jeff ( cont would ) I hear he moan . the other do not seem so certain ; Jeff turn to the girl . jeff ( cont would ) one of you will have to go . amy go ? Jeff nod , wave into the shaft . jeff down . we will clear the vine off the rope . and you can -- amy why can not you ? or Eric ? jeff we have to work the crank . you will not be strong enough . 49 . Amy and stacy stare at each other ; it 's obvious neither of they want to go . stacy be the one who finally give in . stacy I can do it . amy ( relieved ) you sure ? stacy nod , but she do not look sure . she 's hugging herself ; it seem as if she might start tremble . before anyone can speak , that groaning come from the shaft again , louder this time , unmistakable . Jeff cup he hand , shout : jeff Mathias ...? more silence . Jeff turn to the girl . jeff ( cont would ) see if you can find a knife . and another lamp . ' he wave they toward the tent ; then he and Eric begin to unspool the rope from the windlass , lay it out across the clear in long , looping circle . ext . clearing / base of the hill - day the mayan keep come : woman now , too , bear bundle on they back . they be set up a campsite along the edge of the jungle . the bald man stand in they midst , he hand on he hip , stare silently up the hillside . cu - oil lamp the scratch of a match be light : Amy 's hand come into frame , lift the lamp 's glass chimney , fire the wick . jeff ( 0.s. ) just help he into the sling . then we will pull he up . the chimney be carefully replace , as we pull back to reveal : ext . hilltop - the clearing - day Amy be crouch , adjust the lamp 's flame . Jeff and Eric have mend the rope . 50 . we see the excise length of spoiled hemp , and the rag - look knot on the rope itself , which have be spool once more around the windlass . they have fashioned a sling at the rope 's end . Jeff and Eric be help stacy into it , pull it over she head , adjust it under she armpit . jeff once we get he out , we will drop the rope back down and pull you up , too . Amy offer stacy the lamp . stacy be scared , yet struggle not to show it . her hand be tremble , and the lamp rattles as she take it . the boy be step toward the windlass ; Eric stop , glance back at she . eric you okay ? stacy nod , but without much conviction . Eric step toward she , give she a tight hug . he hold she eye for a moment , kiss she . then he join Jeff at the hand crank . they lean against it , and the rope go taut . stacy step out into the open air over the shaft , the lamp in she right hand . with she leave hand , she lunge , grab at the sawhorse , cling tightly to it . Jeff glance toward she from the hand crank . jeff ready ? she nod , but do not relinquish she grip on the sawhorse . jeff ( cont would ) you have to let go , stacy . for a moment , it do not seem like she will be able to , but then -- with a visible act of will -- she do , and they slowly . begin to let the rope out , drop she into the shaft . on stacy - in the sling she grip the sling with one hand , the lamp with the other . wooden support have be hammer into the wall of the shaft , buttress the dirt . the vine cling to they , its leave and flower paler than on the hillside above . stacy begin to swing , pendulum - like , as she descend . she try unsuccessfully to steady herself , then glance up . 51 . stacy Pov - above her we be steadily drop : thirty foot down , then forty . Amy be at the edge of the shaft , peer in at we . she wave . back to scene stacy smile up at she . she start to wave back , but be too scared to let go of the sling . she glance down . stacy Pov - beneath her the light be sway back and forth with stacy , and it cause the shadow beneath we to jump and lurch . there 's still no sign of the bottom ; the windlass continue to creak . a beat , and then , very faintly , Mathias 's dim shape start to emerge : he white tennis shoe , he pale blue T-shirt . the lamp pick up bit of break glass around he body . back to scene stacy lift the lamp , peer downward , struggle to see more clearly , and the sling suddenly jerk to a halt , make she squawk . she look up . stacy Pov - above her the creaking have stop . we be swinging slowly back and forth . we see Amy peer down toward we : a long way up , almost seventy foot . a beat , then Jeff appear , too . jeff stacy ? his voice have a echo to it . back to scene - stacy her face be slick with sweat ; it shine - in the lamp light . stacy what ? jeff ( o.s. ) . it 's the end of the rope . 52 . stacy I be not at the bottom . jeff ( o.s. ) can you see he ? stacy look down again , hold up the lamp , peer toward Mathias 's motionless body . she lift she head . stacy a little . jeff ( o.s. ) be he conscious ? stacy I can not tell . I do not think so . jeff ( o.s. ) how far be you above he ? stacy glance down once more , try to quess , the distance . stacy Fifteen foot ? ( a beat ) he 's just lie there . she lift she head again , peer upward . stacy Pov - above her the top of the shaft be empty . very faintly , we hear Jeff and the other talk , just they voice , not they word . stacy ( o.s. ) Jeff ... ? Jeff 's head reappear . jeff we have to figure out a way to lengthen the rope . we be gonna pull you up . he pull he head away . back to scene - stacy she 's stare upward . 53 . stacy wait ! the rope have almost stop its sway . ext . hilltop - the clearing Jeff step back to the hole , peer into it . so do Amy . Eric wait by the windlass . the rope be completely play out . stacy shout , she voice echoing slightly : stacy ( o.s. ) I want to stay with he . jeff you can not . we have to -- stacy ( o.s. ) I will jump . Jeff glance at the other . Eric shake he head . Jeff call down to she : . jeff we might not be able to make it longer . you will be trap . stacy ( o.s. ) what about he ? we can not just leave he . jeff we will pull you up . then we will see . he start toward the windlass again . on stacy - in the sling the rope jerk , and she begin to rise . she kick she leg , lift she leave arm over head , wrench it free of the sling , so that only she right arm remain hook . she switch the lamp from she right hand to she leave , then slip completely free of , the sling , the lamp flutter out as she drop . the bottom of the shaft almost totally dark , just a faint fall of light from above . Mathias be a dim shape on the floor of the shaft . stacy land beside he -- heavily , awkwardly -- the glass from he shattered lamp crunching beneath she . 54 . she lose she balance , pitch forward , onto he body . mathias make a terrible shrieking sound , pure pain , flail he arm . stacy struggle to right herself . stacy I be sorry . oh , God . I be so sorry . she pull herself into a crouch , stare down at he through the dimness , he shriek fade to a steady moaning . ext . hilltop - the clearing Jeff , Amy , and Eric have rush to the shaft ; they be peer into it . there 's only darkness beneath they . Eric shout : eric stacy ...? stacy 's voice rise toward they , sounding . very far away : stacy ( o.s. ) I do not want he to be alone . jeff what happen to the lamp ? stacy ( o.s. ) it blow out . Jeff turn from the shaft , pick up the box of match . he yank off he shirt , tie the box inside it , then step back to the edge of the hole . he call down to stacy : jeff I be drop the match . okay ? stacy ( o.s. ) okay . Jeff hold the knotted bundle over the shaft , let it go . it fall into the darkness . a long beat , and then , very softly , we hear the thump as it land . stacy ( o.s. ) ( cont would ) get it . the three of they stare into the hole , wait for the light . 55 . the bottom of the shaft there 's the rasp of a match , its flicker flame , then the stronger illumination of the lamp as stacy light its wick . Mathias lie on he back before she , silent now , motionless , he eye shut . stacy bend toward he , whisper : stacy Mathias ...? he do not respond ; it 's hard to tell if he 's conscious . stacy lift the lamp , peer about the shaft . the vine have take root even at this depth , its flower and leave pale to the point of translucence . Beyond Mathias , there 's a open in the dirt wall , another shaft cut perpendicularly into the earth . its roof be support by a stone archway , intricately carve . stacy rise , as if to investigate , but then wince , nearly fall . she peer down at she right leg . a large piece of glass be imbed there , just beneath she knee . it 's the size of a play card , gently concave , ' dark with she blood . she reach and , grimace , pull it from she body . ext . hilltop - the clearing Jeff be at the windlass , hurriedly cranking the rope back up . Eric and Amy stand watch . jeff we need fifteen foot . twenty to be safe . no one speak . the windlass turn with that steady creaking , but it 's higher - pitch now , with no weight on the rope . jeff ( cont would ) come on . think . how can we -- eric the clothes ? from the backpack ? we could knot they together ? jeff would they hold ? Eric frown , uncertain . Jeff finish with the rope , stand there , catch he breath . stacy 's , voice rise toward they from the shaft : 56 . stacy ( o.s. ) I cut my knee . Eric hurry to the shaft , follow by Jeff and Amy . they peer over its edge , toward stacy , so far beneath they , in she flicker circle of lamp light . eric bad ? stacy my shoe 's full of blood . jeff put pressure on it . use my shirt . they all stare down at she , wait . toe bottom of the shaft stacy be crouch beside Mathias , press Jeff 's T-shirt to she wound . her khakis and tennis shoe be dark with blood ; there 's a lot of it . she be not watch Mathias ; he startles she when he open he eye and speak : mathias my...legs ... his voice be faint and raspy ; we can hear he pain in it . stacy lean toward he , try to smile reassuringly . stacy hey ... mathias can not ... move ...my ... leg ... stacy turn to look : he leg be lie at a odd angle , as if he be a doll that have be carelessly toss there . ext . hilltop - the clearing Jeff , Eric and Amy , still watch ; Jeff turn to the other . jeff what about the tent ? we could take one down , cut the nylon into strip . Eric and Amy glance toward the tent , debate . 57 . eric would it be strong enough ? jeff we can braid they -- three strip for each section . then knot the section together , for strength . before either of they can respond , stacy 's voice emerge from the shaft , sounding scare : stacy ( o.s. ) I think he break he back . they fall silent , stare down at she . stacy ( o.s. ) ( cont would ) he can not move he leg . and it smell . jeff smell ? stacy ( o.s. ) like he lose he bowel . his bladder . amy ( very quietly ) oh no . please no . Jeff turn to she . jeff how can we make a backboard ? Amy start to shake she head , look horrify . amy no , Jeff . no way . we can not move he . jeff one of the frame from the backpack ? and the tent pole . there 's tape in the orange tent . he do not wait for a response ; he lean over the shaft , shout : jeff ( cont would ) we have to builda backboard , stacy . it might take a while . 58 . there 's a long hesitation , as if stacy be search for some alternative . then , still sounding frightened and faraway : stacy ( o.s. ) okay . Amy be shaking she head , grow frantic : amy we will make it worse . well jostle he , and he will -- Jeff turn toward she , with a hint of exasperation : jeff we can not just leave he down there . you know that , do not you ? she start to back away , toward the edge of the clear . amy we have to tell they . jeff who ? amy the mayan . we have to tell they what 's happen . Jeff give she a incredulous look . she keep retreate ; she 's almost at the path . amy ( cont would ) they can send for help . jeff they be not gonna --- amy we have to may . we have to -- she spin , start off at a run , vanish down the trail . Jeff call after she , shout : jeff Amy ! but she 's go . Jeff turn to eric. jeff ( cont would ) stay here . 59 . and then he , too , be run . ext . clearing / base of the hill - day the mayan have establish they campsite on the edge of the jungle . two woman be beside a campfire , pluck a pair of chicken . we see other campsite in the distance , other campfire , hugging the jungle 's margin , surround the hill . Three man sit in the center of the clear , face the hillside , they bow in they lap . they rise suddenly , peer up the trail . the woman pause in they labor , also stare . the campsite go quiet . the mayan ' Pov - up the hill Amy be sprinting toward we down the trail . Jeff be ten yard behind she , also run . back to scene the three mayan nock arrow . two other man step forward to join they . one have a bow ; the other be the bald mayan , with the pistol . he unholster it , and -- as Amy reach the bottom of the trail -- raise it , aim at she chest . Amy stop just short of the clear : sweat , breathless , scared - look . she lift she hand , palm - up , beseech . amy help we . please . someone 's be hurt . he -- Jeff come to a halt , five foot behind she . jeff they can not understand you . she turn , she voice quickened with panic : amy say it in Spanish . tell they he -- jeff they do not speak Spanish . amy try it . you have to try . 60 . she spin back toward the mayan , take a step into the clear . the bald man shout at she , a single short sentence in mayan . Amy hold out she hand to he . amy ( cont would ) espanol ? habla espanol ? Jeff step forward , grab she elbow . jeff they kill henrich . why would - Amy try to tug free , but he will not let she . she start to shout at the mayan : amy help usi we need help ! the mayan just stare at she , they weapon raise , they face expressionless . one of they be much young than the other , almost a boy . he say something in mayan to the bald man , and the bald man shake he head . Amy begin to cry . Jeff pull at she elbow . jeff we have to get back . Amy turn toward he , she face smear with tear . amy I do not want to come . I tell you we should not . I say -- Jeff tighten he grip on she arm , give she a little shake , as if to wake she up . jeff listen to I . Mathias need we help . right now . he -- amy we should not even be here . why do you say we would come ? ( she wipe at she tear ) you have to do something . ( rise toward a shout ) you have to ! it 's you fault . it 's all you -- Jeff shake she again , more roughly , he voice like a slap : 61 . jeff yd - q step onto the hill . Amy stare at he , startle into silence . jeff ( cont would ) they would not have force we up it if you have not . he hold she eye , make sure she understand . then : jeff ( cont would ) now let 's go , okay ? he start to pull she back toward the trail . she allow herself to be lead ; she 's begin to cry again : amy I do not know . I just -- she 's grow increasingly upset , almost sobbing . she try to turn back toward the mayan again , but Jeff will not let she . amy ( cont would ) they have to help we . jeff they be not go to . amy they have to . she wrench herself free , stumble , fall into the vine beside the trail . Jeff reach for she , but she kick away from he , grab at the vine , scramble to she foot . as she rise , she yank up a tendril , a clot of earth hang from its root . she scream , spin toward the clear --- amy ( cont would ) why won't you fucking help US ? -- and throw the tendril at the mayan . they scramble backward , with surprising panic , shout . the youngest of they be too slow : the length of vine hit he in the leg . he stare down at the tendril in shock . the other back hurriedly away from he . two of they continue to point they weapon at Amy , but the bald man and one of the other bowmen be aim at the young mayan now . there 's shout from the tree line . the entire campsite be on its foot ; a woman begin to scream . 62 . she 's in she , forty , short and stout , and she start forward into the clear , arm stretch toward the young mayan . two of the other woman grab she , hold she back . the bald mayan start to address the young man , point up the hillside . the short woman keep scream , flail , try to break free . the young mayan look at she , then at the bald man . he speak in mayan , a brief burst of word . the bald man shake he head , point up the hill again , he pistol aim at the young man 's chest . the short woman be wailing , eye shut . the young mayan take a step toward she , calling what seem to be she name . the bald man shout at he , but the young mayan ignore he , take a second step , then a third . the bowmen be all aim at he now , and suddenly , everyone seem to be yelling . the young mayan take a fifth step , hold out he arm toward the wailing woman , calling to she . the bald man fire , shoot he in the head . at the same instant , the bowmen let they arrow fly , the shaft thumping into the young man 's chest , bury themselves to the fletch . the clear go still ; the only sound be the woman 's steady wailing . then the bald man swing he pistol toward Amy and Jeffs he shout in mayan at they . the other mayan nock fresh arrow , draw they bow . Jeff take a step backward , half - raise he hand . Amy just stand there , she eye on the young mayan 's motionless body . jeff amy ... ( no reaction ) ay . she turn , finally . she look horrify , stupefy ; she hand be burn a deep red from the vine 's sap . Jeff wave she up the hill . she stare at he for another beat , and then , without a word , start to climb the trail . Jeff hesitates , watch the mayan : the bloody corpse , the raise weapon , the keening woman . then he , too , turn and hurry off up the trail . ext . hilltop - the clearing - day Amy , Jeff , and Eric have take down the blue tent ; its content lie tumble in a pile in the little clear . all three of they look sun strike , sweat -stain , wear out . 63 . Eric be use a knife to cut long strip from the blue nylon . Amy be braid three of the strip together . Jeff have one of the backpack frame , the roll of duct tape , and some of the pole from the tent ; he 's make a backboard . eric maybe we could use it as a weapon , you know ? wrap it around some stone or something . and throw they , like grenade . I mean , if they be that scared of it -- Jeff tear off a piece of tape with he tooth . jeff they have gun , Eric . and bow . what do you think they will do if we start throw the vine at they ? Eric be silence by this . he cut another long strip of nylon , pass it to Amy . but he can not seem to stop himself from talk : eric . so you figure it 's , what ? Sacred or something ? like , you touch it and you have to die ? Amy begin to cry suddenly -- a sob , quickly suppress . Jeff and Eric both turn to look at she . the vine 's sap have scar she hand and arm almost to the elbow . she wipe she eye , take a deep breath , shake she head . amy I be okay . but she do not look it . Jeff remove he hat , hold it out . Amy just stare at it ; he nod for she to take it . jeff come on . you be burn . she reach for the hat , put it on , then wipe at she eye again . Jeff lean forward , touch she . jeff ( cont would ) we be gonna get through this . all right ? we will pull they up . and then ... I do not know - - we will figure thing out . it have to rain at some point . and maybe we can snare some bird . or -- 64 . the electronic ringing sound once more from the bottom of the shaft . they all turn to stare . the bottom of the shaft the oil lamp have begin to smoke , add a haze to the light . stacy be beside Mathias , hold he hand . she 's still press Jeff 's shirt to she wound . the ring sound again . Mathias turn he head , peer toward the shaft cut into the dirt wall to he leave : that 's where it 's come from . stacy reach to pick up the lamp , rise to she foot . another ring . Jeff shout down from above : jeff ( o.s. ) stacy ...? stacy ignore he ; she limp around Mathias , start toward the open . she hesitates at the mouth of the shaft , lift she lamp to see better . there 's another ring . - stacy Pov -- into the shaft the lamp 's light do not penetrate very far , but we can see that the vine have take root here with great avidity : it grow thickly on the wall , floor and roof . there 's a steady draft come toward we , and the plant shift in it , rustling . back to scene stacy stand there , look scared . there 's another ring . jeff ( o.s. ) can you see it ? stacy lift she head , shout : stacy no . she keep peer into the shadow , not move . the ringing fall silent . stacy turn , hobble back toward Mathias , and the light shudder , dim for a moment . she squint at it : the oil be nearly go . she shout up to the other : stacy ( cont would ) the lamp 's almost out of oil . jeff ( o.s. ) then blow it out . 65 . stacy seem terrify by this . stacy blow it out ? jeff ( 0.5 . ) we will need it when we come down . to get he on the backboard . stacy drop into a crouch beside Mathias , set the lamp down before she , stare at it . she clearly do not want to blow it out . Mathias watch she , silent . jeff ( o.s. ) ( cont would ) all right ? stacy lean forward , lift the lamp 's glass chimney , blow out the flame , drop the shaft into darkness . ext . hilltop - the clearing - dusk the.sun be just touch the horizon , the sky turn red . th ey have tie the braid of nylon onto the rope , attach the finish backboard to they . it rest beside the shaft , padded with one - of the archaeologist 's sleep bag . Jeff and Eric remove they belt , drop they onto the backboard . they step to the windlass , lean against its hand crank , the rope go taut . Amy stand by the shaft , gather she courage . then she reach for the backboard . the bottom of the shaft Mathias and stacy be two dim shape in the darkness . the windlass begin its creaking . a long beat , and then : amy ( o.s. ) stacy ? stacy what ? amy -( 0.5 . ) Light the lamp ! stacy shift ; once again , there 's the rasp of a match , then the stronger illumination of the lamp as she light its wick . Mathias 's eye be shut ; there 's a deep raggedness to he breathe . stacy look upward . 66 . stacy Pov - above her the backboard be drop toward we . above it , the light be already fade from the sky . back to scene stacy rise to she foot , lift the lamp . on amy - crouching on the backboard she 's drop slowly down the shaft , clenching the nylon braid , she eye tightly shut : terrify . the backboard sway , pendulum - like , as it descend , almost touch the vine- cover wall . the bottom of the shaft when the backboard come within reach , stacy grab it , pull it to the-right , so that it will come to rest at Mathias 's side . but then , with three foot still to go , it jerk to a halt , almost toppling Amy from she perch . a beat , and Jeff 's voice come toward they from above : jeff ( o.s. ) have you reach they ? amy almost . a few more foot . jeff ( o.s. } how many ? Amy lean , peer down at Mathias 's break body . amy I do not know . Three ? jeff ( o.s. } we be out of rope . ( a beat ) can you still do it ? Amy look at stacy ; neither speak . finally , quietly : stacy we will have to send it back up , I guess . 67 . Amy do not answer . she shift she weight , and the backboard start to swing . stacy reach to steady it . stacy ( cont would ) blow out the lamp . wait here in the dark . Amy be silent , stare down at Mathias 's still form ; it 's obvious she do not want to do this . stacy ( cont would ) or we could try to lift he , maybe . more silence . stacy persist : stacy ( cont would ) one of we at he shoulder . the other he foot . amy if he twist -- stacy it 's only a few foot . / " - once more , Amy be silent . stacy lift the lamp , examine it , the diminish pool of oil . stacy ( cont '.d ) we have to decide . the light 's not go to last . Jeff 's voice come toward they from above again : jeff ( o.s. ) Amy ...? they both look up ; the sky have grow too dark to see he . Amy hesitates one beat more , then yell : amy we be gonna try itt she climb off the backboard , crouch beside Mathias . stacy set down the lamp . amy ( cont would ) Mathias ...? she touch he shoulder , and he open he eye , stare at she . he look haggard , ashen . 10111 .. 68 . amy ( cont would ) we be go to lift you , okay ? we be go to hoist you up and out . Mathias stare from she to the backboard to stacy . he shut he eye . Amy stand up , drag the belt off the backboard , drop they next to the lamp . she position herself behind Mathias 's head ; stacy hobble to he foot , limping . amy ( cont would ) his hip . stacy hesitates , look doubtful . stacy you sure ? amy if you lift from he foot , he will bend at the waist . stacy but if I lift at he hip , will not he arch he back ? they both stare down at mathis , imagine this two different scenario . Amy glance toward the lamp , its dwindling oil . amy his knee . stacy crouch by Mathias 's knee , a little off balance , favor she wounded leg . Amy bend , slide she hand under he shoulder . Mathias groans , and stacy start to pull away , but Amy shake she head . amy ( cont would ) quickly . on three . they count together : stacy and amy one ... two. - ,. three . they lift , and Mathias immediately start to scream . his body sag at the waist ; he begin to thrash he arm . stacy start to set he down , but Amy shake she head , shout : amy no ! 69 . stacy 's wounded leg be hinder she ; she can not keep up with Amy . Mathias 's shoulder be level with the backboard , but he knee be still a good foot beneath it . he keep scream . the bend at he waist increase . amy ( cont would ) lift I stacy try to hoist he higher , lung , he torso twist , he scream go louder . his right arm , hit the backboard , send it swinging . the girl toss he toward it . ext . hilltop - the clearing - night the sun have set . there 's a half moon , give we just enough light to dimly see Eric and Jeff peer into the shaft . Mathias 's scream echo up toward they . the bottom of the shaft - night Mathias have fall silent . he lie on the backboard , eye clench , sweat bead he forehead . stacy be try not to cry . she watch Amy buckle the two belt together , then drape they over Mathias 's chest , knot they tight . Amy strip off she own belt , gesture for stacy to do the same . she buckle this together , too . stacy I have to pee . she limp toward the wall , lower she pants , gingerly crouch . she stare toward the other shaft as she pee : its stone archway , the shifting shadow , the vine rustling softly in the steady draught . Amy bind Mathias at he thigh . she whisper to he : amy you okay ? she wait , but he do not respond . his eye remain shut . stacy rise , buttone she pants , limp back toward Amy . she 's on the edge of tear , be work hard to fight they off . Amy lift she head , shout up to Jeff : amy ( cont would ) pull he up ! 70 . a moment 's pause , then the windlass begin to creak once more . the backboard slowly rise , sway gently . they watch it climb away from they . Amy hold out her-hand . any ( cont would ) here . stacy just stare at she , not understanding . Amy nod at the lamp : the oil be go . amy ( cont would ) it 's gonna go out . and it 's true : as stacy reach for Amy 's hand , the light suddenly flicker , dim , drop they into darkness . ext . clearing / base of the hill - night the mayan be settling into sleep at they campsite . Three of the man remain on guard duty in the clear , face the hillside , they back to the fire . the young mayan 's corpse still lie in the dirt , fifteen foot in front of they . the firelight throw shadow across he bloody body . ext . hilltop - the clearing - night ' the windlass creak loudly as Eric and Jeff work to wind in the rope . stacy have already be pull up from the hole . she 's sit beside Mathias , who 's lie on the backboard , on the edge of the clear , by the orange tent . Amy emerge from the shaft , dangle beneath the sawhorse . Jeff hold the rope taut while Eric step to the hole , pull Amy toward he . stacy watch from beside the backboard . Mathias 's eye be shut , he breathe rough with phlegm . no one speak . once Amy be free of the sling , they all move to the backboard . Eric take stacy's -hand ; Jeff crouch , start to undo the belt . eric should not we carry he into the tent first ? Jeff pull free the first belt , shift to the second one . jeff we can not . eric because ? 71 . jeff he 's gonna keep leak urine . amy but we can not just leave he out in the open . jeff we will rig a shelter . with what 's leave of the blue tent . Jeff pull the second belt free . Mathias 's eye remain shut . jeff ( cont would ) one of we should stay on watch while the other sleep . two hour shift . he reach for he knapsack , unzip it . he pull out a liter bottle of water . jeff ( cont would ) . once it 's light , we will figure out how much water we have , and how to ration it . food , too . for now , I think we should each just take a single swig . he uncap the bottle , hand it to Amy . he watch she drink from it . when she 's do , she pass it to stacy . jeff ( cont would ) Eric and I will build the shelter , . then I will take the first shift . you two should try to sleep . stacy take she single sip , pass the bottle to Eric . int . orange tent - night stacy and Amy have push the camp supplies into a pile along the tent 's rear wall . stacy pull off she pants , bend to examine she wound in the darkness . Amy be beside she , lie on she side . a beat of silence . then , whispering : stacy Amy ? what ? 72 . stacy we should not have lift he , should we ? Amy reach , pat stacy 's hand . amy shh . stacy he 's never gonna walk again .. he 's -- amy do not , stacy . do not talk . it will only make thing worse . stacy fall silent . amy ( cont would ) just go to sleep , okay ? let 's try to go to sleep . stacy lie down next to Amy , in her-underwear and T-shirt . they huddle close together in the darkness . ext . hilltop - the clearing - night Eric be building a tiny lean - to for Mathias , use the duct tape , the leftover nylon and pole from the blue tent . Jeff crouch over the backboard . he start to cut Mathias 's jeans off he with the knife . Mathias 's eye remain shut . eric what be you do ? jeff we have to keep he clean . he slice the jeans , from ankle to hip , first one leg , then the other , struggle not to jostle Mathias 's body . jeff ( cont would ) that 's how it will happen , I think . if it do . eric if what do ? Jeff slide the soile strip of - denim out from under Mathias 's body , toss they aside . he lower he voice : . 73. jeff if he die here . infection . blood poisoning -- something like that . Eric seem startle by this . eric you think he 's gonna die ? jeff ( he shrug ) his back be break . who know what else . Eric be silent , motionless , the tape in he hand . Mathias 's breathing seem to be get steadily worse . Jeff bend to cut off he boxer , first one leg , then the other . he toss the soile fabric aside . jeff ( cont would ) we should go back down in the morning . eric down ? jeff into the shaft . try to find the phone again . eric there 's no oil for the lamp . Jeff wave toward the orange tent . jeff there 's tequila . we could pour it on some of the clothes , tie they around one of this pole , make a torch . a sleep bag be lie in the clear among the strip of nylon and aluminum pole . Jeff step over to pick it up . jeff ( cont would ) without the phone , he 's dead . if we have to wait for someone to come search ... he shake he head . then he lean forward and carefully drape the sleep bag across Mathias 's break body . 74 . int . orange tent - dawn the orange nylon be just start to glow with the sun 's arrival . stacy and Eric lie beneath one of the sleep bag , Eric 's head on she shoulder . Jeff lie curl on he side , a few foot away , still shirtless . Jeff 's eye open . he sit up , stare about , then reach for one of the backpack . he quietly dig through it till he find a T-shirt . he sniff at it , then pull it on . ext . hilltop - the clearing - dawn Mathias lie on he backboard , eye shut , he breathe still sounding thick with phlegm . Amy sit beside he , hunch into herself , half drowsing . she lift she head as Jeff emerge from the tent , stare at he . jeff how be he ? amy the same . jeff and you ? amy ( she shrug ) tire . thirsty . hungry . jeff once the other be up , we will have some water . his face be stubble , sweat-stain . he look rag ; they both do . he step to the opposite side of the clear , unzip , begin to urinate , with he back to Amy . jeff' Pov - across the hilltop the vine cover everything , tangle and matte , with that odd , knoll - like growth scattered among it . the nearest - be thirty foot away . its leave be sway slightly in a faint breeze , and we see a flash of yellowish white beneath they . 75 . back to scene Jeff finish , shake , zip , then step out into the vine , wading toward the tiny mound . Amy remain beside the backboard ; she watch he crouch , part the tendril , stare . any what be it ? Jeff gesture for she to approach . when she reach he , he lean forward , pull aside the vine . we see a man 's skull , a loose tumble of bone . Amy inhales sharply , recoil . jeff body . all of they . he wave across the hilltop , at the other mound : there be more than a dozen . Amy take they in . the light be gain strength , the green leave seem to shine in it , the red flower to glow . Jeff 's face assume a puzzle expression . jeff ( cont would ) where be the bird ? amy bird ? jeff it 's dawn -- there should be bird . they both stare off across the hillside : so quiet , so still . int . orange tent - day stacy open she eye . she lie there , struggle to orient herself , with Eric on she shoulder . she start to roll onto she side , then stop , look confuse . she reach under the sleep bag , toward she leg , she confusion change to alarm . she site up , jarring Eric awake , and throw back the sleep bag . eric ( befuddled ) what ...? the vine have grow dramatically during the night , reach out from the pile of supplies at the rear of the tent to spread across stacy 's right leg , almost to she waist . she sit up , try to push it off she . 76 . stacy oh my god ... the vine be cling to she ; she have to tear it , the sap shine slickly on she hand , visibly beginning to burn the skin . she yank at the tendril , toss they aside . stacy ( cont would ) help I . Eric sit up , still only half -awake . he just stare . stacy ( cont would ) . it 's inside I ... it 's true : one of the tendril have push its way into the wound on she leg , widen it , thrust itself a full three inch into she body , like a thick finger . stacy ( cont . would ) oh , Jesus - - it 's fuck inside I . she try to pull the tendril out , but she 's too panicky , too quick , and the vine break , leave a piece of itself snag under she skin . stacy start to scream : stacy ( cont would ) get the knife Eric be too shocked to stir . he 's stare down at she leg , at the bulge beneath she skin : it look as if it 's move . ext . hilltop - the clearing - day stacy 's scream continue . Jeff and Amy be on they foot , hurry across the clear . Mathias have open he eye . stacy ( o.s. ) get the knife ! Jeff bend , scoops up the knife , start toward the tent . he wave toward Mathias . jeff stay with he . then he duck in through the tent 's flap . 77 . int . orange tent - day Eric be beside stacy , try to calm she ; she 's start to cry . her hand and wrist have turn a dark red , and the tendril be inside she leg , just to the leave of she shin , run parallel to it . Jeff step . toward they . jeff what be it ? eric the vine . it 's inside she . stacy point to she wound , sobbing now : stacy cut it out . you gotta cut it out . jeff the blade 's dirty . we should -- stacy start shaking she head , frantic : stacy it 's move ! can not you see ? Jeff stare at the bulge , hesitate . then it move , unquestionably : contracting and expand , like a worm . stacy shriek : stacy ( cont would ) Jeff ! be give in , crouching over she leg . jeff it 's gonna hurt . stacy please . hurry . he lean forward , slice into the skin above the bulge . stacy cry out , start to jerk away , but Jeff press down on she leg , hold she still . he reach into she wound with he finger , dig out the piece of vine , toss it aside . jeff get I a shirt or something . he gesture toward the backpack , and Eric unzip one of they , start to dig through it . 78 . he pull out a T-shirt , hand it to Jeff . Jeff wad it up , use it to put pressure on the incision , staunch the flow of blood . ext . hilltop - the clearing - day Amy be crouch by the backboard , watch the tent , try to grasp what 's happen . Mathias startles she by speak : mathias something 's ... wrong ... his voice be thick - sounding , very faint . Amy try to soothe he ; she put she hand on he shoulder . amy it 's okay . it 's just -- mathias my-leg ... amy I know . you be hurt . but we 're. , gonna get you -- mathias show ...me ... he 's struggle to rise , strain upward . Amy try to stop he , press down on he shoulder . amy shh . but he fight she ; he will not be quiete : mathias . show-me ... so she lean , lift the sleep bag off he . his lower leg be completely cover by the flowering vine , from the knee down . Amy and Mathias both stare in surprise . then Amy reach , start to yank the tendril free . int . orange tent - day Jeff be lean forward , press the ball - up T-shirt against stacy 's wound , the blood darken the fabric . stacy be lie there , she eye shut , fist clench . stacy I can still feel it . 79 . Jeff shake he head . jeff I get it out . stacy I can feel it move . jeff that 's just you body . you muscle twitching . stacy but  eric it 's on we clothes . stacy and Jeff both glance at he . there 's a faint , almost fungus -like green grow on he shirt , a infantile version of the vine cover the hillside all around they . it 's on all of they : they shirt , they pants , they shoe . before any of they can respond to this development , Amy start to call from the clear , sounding scare : amy ( o.s. ) Jeff ...? they all turn toward the flap . Mathias begin to scream . Amy 's voice jump in volume : amy ( o.s. ) ( cont would ) of . I Jeff rise , move toward the flap . ext . hilltop - the clearing - day Amy be crouch over Mathias , frantically yanking the vine off he . Mathias be struggle impotently to sit up . he continue to scream , stare down at he leg . Jeff emerge - from the tent , hurry to help Amy , both of they tear at the vine , a flash of white appear beneath the green , shiny and bright : bone . Mathias 's leg have be stripped completely clean of flesh from the knee down . as they keep pull the tendril free , blood start to drip from Mathias 's knee , slowly at first , but then suddenly spurting , spraying they : they chest , they face . Amy jerk backward , gagging , retching . 80 . she jump up , take three step into the center of the clear , and vomit , she hand on she knee . she wipe at the blood on she face , cough , spit , then bend again , another long ribbon of puke slip free of she . Mathias continue to scream and thrash . Jeff reach for the belt , lie in the dirt beside the backboard . he quickly tie first one then another around Mathias 's leg , twist they into tourniquet , cut off the flow of blood . stacy and Eric stoop out through the tent 's flap : they stand there stare , struggle to grasp what 's happen . stacy be in she underwear and T-shirt , blood still seeping down she leg . Amy turn to face they . Mathias be weeping now , he eye shut . the hemorrhage have stop ; blood lie in puddle across the backboard . Jeff be cover with it . and then there be the bone : so white , so wet-look , from the knee down , nothing but bone . suddenly , stacy start to scream , point past Amy , at the dirt beyond she . they all turn to look . the vine be in motion , a long tendril slip into the clear , move snakelike toward the puddle of vomit at Amy 's foot . Amy back quickly away . a second tendril emerge from the low wall of green around the clear , then a third . they move rapidly , as if racing each other ; both of they slip alongside the first into the little pool of vomit . the tendril absorb the puke , drain it , until all that 's leave be a damp shadow on the rocky soil . then they withdraw back across the clear , silently retreate into the larger mass of green . stacy keep scream . ext . clearing / base of the hill - day faintly , from up the hill , we hear stacy 's scream . the mayan be finish they morning meal . they eat in silence , show no reaction to the sound . in the clear , the young mayan 's corpse be bury beneath a thick growth of vine . ext .. hilltop - the clearing - day the four of they be sit by the orange tent . Jeff and Amy be still spatter and smear with Mathias 's blood ; stacy be still in she underwear . 81 . e.- Jeff be inventory they food and water . the other watch as he put the perishable in a separate pile : two bananas , a plastic bag ofgrape go brown , a orange , a soggy tuna fish sandwich . jeff they must have dig it up . any who ? he arrange the rest of the food in a second pile : a bag of pretzel , a can of nut , two protein bar , a box of raisin . jeff the miner . he put the liquid in a third pile : three bottle of water , two of iced tea , a can of Coke . that 's all there be . jeff ( cont would ) and then the mayan clear the jungle around the hill , I guess . to keep it quarantine . that 's why they will not let we leave , do not you think ? they be afraid we will spread it ? the other be silent . Jeff reach for the tuna fish sandwich . he carefully unwrap it . jeff ( cont would ) or else ... I do not know . maybe it 's something religious ? and we be some sort of sacrifice ? he glance at the other , but once again no one respond . they all look daze : knock back into themselves . Jeff pick up the knife , wipe it on he jeans . jeff ( cont would ) they must have do the same thing with the archaeologist . and henrich . trapped they here . like we . he cut the sandwich into four equal section . jeff ( cont would ) and then somehow it kill they off . all of they . one by one . this be too much for Eric ; he.leap up , look panicky . 82. j011 eric we have to find the phone . we have to go back down and -- Jeff make a calming motion . jeff we will eat first . drink some water . we have to stay calm . not rush at thing . he hold out one of the tiny square of sandwich . Eric hesitates , then accept it , drop back into a crouch . Jeff hand Amy she square . amy what about Mathias ? she nod toward he , and they all turn to look . from he knee down , Mathias 's leg be nothing but bone , tendon , and ropy clot of blacken blood . his face look gray . his eye be shut , and he breathe sound terribly ragged . jeff he would not be able to stomach it . Jeff offer stacy she ration . she take it , but almost absentmindedly . she seem distract ; she keep prodding at she wound with she fingertip . jeff ( cont would ) stop it , stacy . stacy it 's still in there . I can feel it . she keep probing . Jeff shake he head , a little it ' atient : jeff I tell you . I get it out . Jeff pop he square of sandwich into he mouth ; Eric and Amy eat theirs , too . stacy 's ration remain in she hand ; she seem to have forget it . she 's sunburn , sweat -stain , glassy - eye . Eric lean toward she , look worried . eric eat , stacy . you have to eat . she place the tiny sandwich into she mouth , chew , swallow , stare at she wound the whole time . then : 83. stacy see ? how puffy it be ? eric that 's just swell . it 's natural . ( he turn toward Jeff ) right ? jeff ( he nod ) it 's what happen when you get hurt . Jeff pick up one of the water bottle , twist off its -cap . he offer the bottle to stacy . jeff ( cont would ) one swallow apiece . the bottle make its way around they little circle . when it return to Jeff , he take he sip , cap the bottle . Eric be watch stacy , she anxious probing ; he look increasingly distress by it . he jump up again . eric the phone . let 's find the phone . Jeff do not move . stacy 's bloody khakis . be lie in the dirt beside he , and he reach for they , start to cut off they leg with the knife , just above the knee . jeff we need to take care of Mathias , first . he will not last much longer like that . Amy look appal ; she make a shushing motion . any shh . they all glance toward Mathias again . he lie there , eye shut , breathe in and out with that fluid-filled rasp . he seem to be unconscious , but Jeff still lower he voice : jeff we have to cut they off . eric cut what off ? 84 . jeff his leg . he 's finish with stacy 's khakis ; they have be transformed into a pair of short . he toss they toward she . Eric and Amy be stare at he , shocked into silence . then : eric you be joke . jeff he will die if we do not . amy without anaesthesia ? jeff there will not be any pain . he have no feel beneath he waist . eric he will lose too much blood . jeff the tourniquet be already in place . we will cut below they . eric with what ? Jeff hold up the knife . Eric scoff at the idea : eric ( cont would ) that would not do a thing . you would need a bone see . jeff we could break the bone . then cut . Amy be shaking she head ; she look mortify . amy no , Jeff . no way . eric what about infection ? cut into he with a dirty knife ? jeff we will sterilize it . build a fire . heat the blade in the flame . it will cauterize as it cut . 85 . a amy you will kill he . jeff or save he . one or the other . we can not just -- stacy cut I first . right here . stacy have stand up , pull on the short Jeff have fashioned for she . she 's bent over , point at a spot on she leg , a few inch below the last incision . stacy ( cent would ) sterilize the knife and -- Eric step toward she , try to soothe she . eric there 's nothing there , stacy . it 's just -- she hardly seem to hear he . she 's frighten , grow a little wild with it . her voice come fast and high : stacy it 's move . I can feel it move . eric you be imagine it . you be scared , and you -- stacy I gotta get out of here . I gotta get to a hospital . I gotta -- Eric take she hand , squeezing it . stacy blink at he , close to tear . eric you have to calm down . can you do that ? can you try to calm down ? stacy pull free of he , drop into a crouch , hugging she knee to she chest , she eye shut . stacy see if there 's a signal . eric a what ? 86 . stacy you phone . check you phone . Eric do not move : he know there 's no point . stacy ( cont would ) check it . Eric sigh , step to he pack , crouch to remove he phone . he flip it open , hold it out to stacy . she stare down at it : there 's no signal . Eric drop it back into he pack . then he turn to Jeff . eric we go back down . we find the other phone . we call for help . that 's how we get out of here . that 's how we save he . jeff it '11 take too long . eric one call , Jeff . they will be here by sundown . jeff and Mathias will already be die . you understand ? there 's no flesh cover he bone . they be -- Mathias 's voice interrupt he , from the backboard . very hoarse , barely audible : mathias do ...it ... they all turn , stare toward he . his eye be open . mathias ( cont would ) please ... ( a beat ) cut ... they ... off ... he slowly , painfully , extend he leave hand toward they , a beseech gesture . cu - SMALL pile of clothes a pair of short , a woman 's blouse , two black sock . 87 . jeff ( o.s. ) I will have to break the bone first . a amber liquid be be pour onto the clothes , very slowly . we pull back to reveal : ext . hilltop - the clearing - day Eric be crouch , dribble the tequila onto the clothes , pause to let it soak in , saturate the fabric . Jeff be kneel by the backboard , talk to Mathias . jeff with the stone . then I will use the knife to cut . a large stone sit beside the pile of clothes , shape like a ax head . there 's the knife , too , and the metal canteen from the orange tent . jeff ( cont would ) we will heat the canteen , and cauterize the wound with it . to stop the bleed . Eric strike a match : the clothes catch instantly , burn with a low blue flame . he set the knife in the fire , then the stone , and splashes more tequila on they . the girl stand in the center of the clear , watch . jeff ( cont would ) you should not be able to feel a thing . but you can bite this if you want . just in case . he hold up one of the belt . Mathias hesitates , then open he mouth , and Jeff set it carefully inside . Mathias clamp down , grip it between he tooth . Jeff glance at eric. jeff ( cont would ) ready ? Eric nod .- the stone be make a crack sound in the fire , glow a.deep red . Jeff turn back to Mathias . jeff ( cont would ) you ? Mathias also nod , shutting he eye . there 's a small towel in the dirt beside Jeff , and he . pick it up , wrapping it around he hand . he look over he shoulder at the girl . they both seem terrify , shaky with it . 88 . jeff ( cont would ) you should wait in the tent . Amy start to shake she head , but then stacy be in motion , grab she hand , pull she across the clear , and she let herself be lead . Jeff watch they vanish through the flap , then reach toward the fire with he towel - swathed hand . he scoops up the stone , raise it over he head , slam it down with all he strength against the expose bone of Mathias 's leave leg . Mathias buck , groaning ; he eye jump open . Jeff drop the stone back into the fire , . snatch out the knife . Mathias be try to rise onto he elbow , strain to see what 's happen . jeff ( cont would ) hold he . Eric set the canteen into the flame , sloshes some tequila on it , then shifts.to the backboard . he press down on Mathias ' 's shoulder . Mathias be whimpering , twist he head back and forth , grip the belt tightly in he tooth . Jeff start to see with the knife , chopping and cut the splinter bone . bloody marrow spill wetly out , and then Mathias 's . lower leg come free of he body , the foot and ankle and shin bone completely separate now . Jeff lift the bone away , drop they into the dirt beside the backboard . then he turn , use the towel to pluck the canteen out of the fire : it , too , be glow red . he press the canteen flat against Mathias 's stump , the flesh sizzling and spitting . Mathias buck even more forcefully ; he spit out the belt , cry out : mathias stop...stop ... Jeff ignore he , drop the canteen back into the fire , lift out the stone . Eric look increasingly mortify ; he seem close to tear . eric jeff -- jeff reep he still . he turn , smashes the stone into Mathias 's right leg . Mathias begin to scream , buck against Eric 's grip . 89 . int . orange tent - day Mathias 's scream fill the tent . Amy and stacy be sit together , clutching each other ; stacy be crying . Amy be stare toward the flap with a look of horror . ext . hilltop - the clearing - day Jeff saw and chop at the shattered bone with the knife . Mathias continue 'to scream . Eric be use all he weight to hold he still , he head avert , he eye clench shut . Jeff lift the severe bone .away from the backboard , drop they at he side . then he scoops up the canteen again . as he press it to Mathias 's stump , Mathias finally pass out , he body go slack , he scream fall silent . for a long beat , there 's just the spitting , snapping sound of Mathias 's flesh be sear . then Eric pull back into a crouch , shaking he head , look utterly deplete . eric oh , jesus. Jesus Christ . Amy emerge from the tent , then stacy . they stand stare . amy he feel it , do not he ? the whole thing . Jeff lift the canteen away . jeff he could not have . amy he be scream . be be tell you to stop . jepf it be just see it . look down , and -- Amy be shaking she head , stare at Mathias with that appal expression : he slack face , he burn stump . amy this be bad , Jeff . so bad . Jeff lean to loosen first one tourniquet , then the other . 90 . jeff we have buy he some time . he would not have -- amy you cut off he leg ! you -- stacy scream , point toward Mathias 's amputate limb . they be lie in the dirt at the base of the backboard , the bloodstain bone hold together with a few remain cord of flesh . a vine have come snake into the clear : it 's wrapping itself around one of the foot . as the tendril begin to drag . the bone away , a.second one slither forward and lay claim to the other foot . Eric grab the knife , jump up , step on the first tendril , bend to slash at it with the blade . he swoops toward the second one . even as he do so , though , a third tendril slither into the clear , then a fourth . stacy scream again , short and loud , and back toward the tent ; Eric bend and slashes , bend and slashes , and the 'vine keep come , from all direction , reach for the bone . jeff leave it . Eric ignore he , cut and stomping and tear at the tendril , faster and faster , but still too slow , the vine fight back , wrapping itself around he leg . jeff ( cont would ) Eric . he step toward he , grab he arm , pull he away . they stand side by side , watch as the vine pull the severe limb into itself , the white of the bone vanish into the larger mass of green . stacy have begin to cry again . there 's a beat of stillness , and then , once more , echoing up toward they from the shaft , come that faint electronic ringing of the cell phone . cu - the windlass spin , the rope spool quickly off the barrel . jeff ( o.s. ) I do not know how long it ' 11 burn -- we pull back to reveal : 91 . ext . hilltop - the clearing - day Eric be pull the rope off the windlass , lay it out in a long zigzag across the clear . Jeff be crouch by the shaft , make a torch . the girl stand over he , watch . jeff so you will have to be quick . he have one of the aluminum pole from the blue tent . he 's wrap duct tape around its bottom for a grip , tie some of the archaeologist ' clothes around the top . he 's dribble tequila on the knot of fabric , saturate it . jeff ( cont would ) wait to light it till you be both down there . then -- stacy who ? Jeff look up at she , startle by the question . Eric be move along the length of rope , bent low , check its hemp for sign of weakness . jeff who what ? stacy who 's go ? jeff you and Amy . they all look bad , but stacy look the worst : she wounded leg , , - she greasy hair , a panicky edge to every gesture . she shake she head , with vehemence . stacy no , Jeff . no way . not I . Jeff cap the tequila bottle , give stacy a tired look . jeff we have already be through this . Eric and I need to work the winch . you be not strong enough . Eric have reach the end of the rope ; he stand up , wiping he hand on he pants . 92 . eric it 's clear . he move to the windlass , start to wind the rope back onto the barrel . they have tie a sling on the rope 's end again . stacy be press she right hand against the bottom of she rib cage : massage , probing stacy why can not Amy go on she own ? jeff the torch will not last that long . we need you both there , search . stacy start shaking she head again , terrified : stacy I be not go . I can not . jeff you do not have a choice , stacy . Amy can see where this be head ; she try to divert it . amy it 's okay . I will go alone . Jeff ignore this . he rise to he foot , still focus on stacy . we can hear he grow anger in he voice : jeff if we do not find the phone , Mathias will die . understand ? stacy be silent , hugging herself , stare at the ground . Eric have finish wind the rope onto the windlass . he try to intervene : eric jeff -- Jeff ignore he , he gaze on stacy . jeff so that 's what you be say . just to be clear . that you be not willing to help he live . eric come on , man . she 's too scared . 93. jeff I do not give a fuck . I be scared , too . we all be . eric it be inside she . jeff and we get it out . now she need to stop be such a fuck baby , stop be so selfish , and -- Eric be step toward he suddenly , right up against he , force he back a step . eric , hut up. okay ? he 's bigger than Jeff , stronger , and this be suddenly very palpable . they face be three inch apart . a tense beat , and then , more quietly : eric ( cont would ) you be be too hard . Jeff give he a look of incredulity , almost disgust . jeff hard ? eric just leave she be . Jeff turn away from he , from all three of they . he stare off across the hill for a beat , then shake he head . jeff I be the only one think . I be carry the whole fuck load . eric so stop . Lay it down . Jeff turn back to he , give he a look of pure contempt ; we can hear he fury rise again as he speak : jeff this be not just go to work out on its own , Eric . you know ? magically ? eric I be not say -- 94 . jeff we could end up dead here . all of we . be that what you want ? eric of course not . jeff then get the fuck out of my way , and start help I . he hold Eric 's eye long enough to confirm that Eric be not go to protest , then he glance past he at stacy . jeff ( cont would ) you go or not ? stacy - be still stare at the ground , she hand probing at she chest . it 's clear she do not want to go , but Jeff have shame she into silence . Amy reach , touch she arm . amy .'- 11 be right there . okay ? we will be together the whole time . a long beat , then stacy manage a nod . it 's enough for Jeff ; he push past Eric , move toward the windlass . jeff get in the sling , Amy . Amy turn , reach for the sling . ext . bottom of the shaft - day a faint fall of light from above . there 's the creaking of the windlass : Amy be drop slowly toward we . when she foot touch the bottom of the shaft , she scramble out of the sling . then she lift she head , shout : amy pull it up ! the creaking resume . she stand there in the dimness , watch the sling rise away from she . she have the makeshift torch in one hand , the box of match in the other . 95 . ext . hilltop - the clearing Eric be help stacy into the sling , pull it over she head ; stacy 's hand be shaking badly . Eric hug she , try to calm she . Jeff wait beside the hand crank . the bottom of the shaft Amy be in a crouch . she keep glance toward the stone arch cut into the shaft 's wall , and the passageway beyond it : the vine dangle from . the low ceiling , like streamer at a party . the creaking resume , and Amy look up . amy Pov - above her stacy be drop slowly toward we . back to scene Amy glance toward the arch again . a slight draft blow steadily from it , and the vine shift and tremble in it . a beat , then the ringing start up once more . it 's come from within the shadow passageway . Amy open the box of match , pluck one out . she 's too jumpy , though ; she hand be - tremble so much that she shake the match out as soon as it 's light . there 's a second ring . stacy have nearly reach we . Amy dig another match from the box . stacy 's foot touch the bottom of the shaft ; she yank off the sling . there 's a third ring . stacy hurry . Amy strike the match , hold it to the knot of clothing at the end of the aluminum pole . the alcohol catch with a fluttering sound , a cloud of pale blue fire materialize around the torch . Amy lift it , and they start into : the underground passage stacy be in front , with Amy right behind she . the torch shudder weakly in the steady draft ; the shaft 's ceiling be low enough that they have to crouch as they move forward . there 's a fourth ring , draw they deeper down the passage . 96 . the tendril hang from the ceiling brush against they . the vine be grow on the floor , too -- knee- deep -- and from the wall on either side . Amy be move cautiously , squinting into the darkness , and stacy start to pull ahead . amy wait ... she pause , lift the torch , but stacy keep go . Amy peer at the vine hang from the wall . there 's a fifth ring , echoing eerily , and the flower move in exact unison with the sound , they stamen vibrate , like so many miniature tuning fork : the plant be make the noise . amy ( cont would ) stacy ... the shaft dead - end at a blank wall , which be just materialize out of the darkness , fifteen foot in front of they . there 's a sixth ring . stacy point at the wall , quicken she pace . stacy it 's right here . I can -- Amy jump forward , reach for she . amy don 't -- but there 's another ring , and stacy keep go : she 's nearly at the wall . stacy it be -- stop ! Amy grab she arm , hard , jerk she back a step , pull she close , the torchlight flicker over they . she whisper : amy ( cont would ) there 's no phone . stacy what ? a seventh ring sound , seem to come from beneath the vine on the floor of the shaft , directly in front of they . stacy try to pull free , to bend and reach toward the sound . 97 . stacy ( cont would ) I can -- Amy jerk she back again , whisper straight into she ear : any it 's the vine . the flower . they be make the noise . stacy no. it 's -- she pull free , step forward , and she foot seem to punch straight through the shaft 's floor . she scream , lose she balance Amy throw down the torch , lunge for she . the torch flutter , pale , but remain light . the vine grow across the floor fall away , revealing a open , another shaft , drop into the earth . stacy be slowly slide into it , scramble to stop herself . Amy grab stacy arm . stacy be dangle , from the waist down , over the hole 's edge . there be vine in the hole , too , and . they begin to coil around she leg , pull at she , drag she downward . stacy scream again , kick to free herself , scramble upward , monkey - like , while Amy pull at she , and finally they manage to drag she to safety . a beat , then Amy retrieve the torch , hold it out over the hole . the bottom be twenty foot down , almost lose in shadow . dimly , we see a woman , lie curl against the wall -- she have long dark hair . stacy ( cont would ) oh my God . the woman stir , she body roll , as if to turn and look at we , and we see she face : she 's a corpse . the vine have invade she flesh -- it 's in she eye socket , the hollow of she mouth , writhe and churn . stacy and Amy scream . there 's a whistling sound , like a whip , and a tendril lash out from the shaft 's wall , wrap itself around the torch 's handle , yank it from Amy 's grip . the torch fall into the hole , still burn . when it hit bottom , a mass of vine surge across it , smother its flame . it 's very dark after this : Amy and stacy be barely discernible . a beat of silence , then a odd , high - pitch cackling rise all around they ; it sound like laughter -- eerie , childlike , full of echoe . 98 . as it steadily increase in volume , that whistling come once more : the vine smack at they from the floor , the ceiling , the wall , coiling around they body , pull they toward the open shaft . they both scream again , scramble backward , while the vine keep come , more and more of it , grab at they arm , they leg , they neck . they stumble over each other , fall onto they hand and knee .amid the.tendrils . the vine catch at they , try to hold they down . it 's not strong enough , though ; they yank it off , and thrash they way , foot by foot , back toward the sling , the vine lash at they , grab , tear , sap leak onto they skin . the laughter grow still louder , the whole shaft echoing with it . Amy reach the sling first , with stacy right behind she . even here , the vine continue to attack they , whipping and hissing and laughing . Amy hold the sling toward stacy . amy you . but stacy be too hysterical : she just stand there , sobbing , scream . Jeff 's voice come toward they from above , shout : jeff ( 0.s. ) amoy ...? Amy pull the sling over she own head . yell : amy pull we up ! jeff ( o.s. ) do you find it ? amy nmi she reach out , grab stacy , wrapping she arm and leg around she . stacy return the embrace , both of they clutching at each other , as the windlass finally begin to creak , lift the two of they into the air . on amy and stacy - in the sling the vine hang from the shaft 's wall whip at the girl as they rise , coiling around they body , pull at they , that strange laughter grow ever louder , seem to buffet they body . stacy and Amy grip each other with all they strength , eye shut tight . stacy scream . 99 . ext . clearing / base op . the hill - day the scream come faintly toward we . the mayan be array about they campsite , all of they motionless , silent , stare up the hill with they impassive expression . ext . hilltop - the clearing - dusk the weather have shift ; a wind have rise . the sun be set , a red smudge behind a dark gray wall of cloud . Mathias lies.on he backboard , unconscious , he breathe come in that rag rasp , a thread of brown liquid leak from the corner of he mouth . Amy be crouch beside he ; she lean forward , wipe away the liquid . stacy sit in the clear behind she , lean against Eric . they be both slick with sweat , but stacy keep shiver , as if cold . Eric 's arm be around she , and she eye be shut . Jeff be peel the orange . like Amy , he 's still spatter and stain with Mathias 's blood . the vine have continue to grow on everyone 's clothes , weblike , eat away at the fabric . Jeff reach , tug free a strand of it , and a six - inch tear appear in he T-shirt . stacy open she eye ; she lean forward , peer down at the wound on she leg , she right hand move to she chest , probing at she rib cage . she turn to Eric : stacy check you phone . Eric push himself to he foot , step toward he pack . he pull out he phone , flip it open . he shake he head . stacy ( cont would ) let I see . Eric carry the phone to she , then stand over she while she open it , stare down at it . she shut it , open it again . then again , and again , and suddenly she 's crying , bent into herself . Eric drop to a crouch , rest he hand on she knee . eric shh . but she cry increase ; she begin to sob . Jeff be bent ' over the orange , divide it into four equal pile -- its peel , too -- concentrate . he lift he head , stare . Amy stand up , hurry over. , kneel in front of stacy , take she hand . 100 . amy it 's okay , sweetie . you be okay . stacy keep weeping , uncontrollably , shaking she head . stacy I wanner go home . I wanna leave ... eric shh ... she 's wailing , rock back and forth ; she can not seem to stop . Amy struggle to calm she . amy stacy ... stacy keep wailing , rock , eye shut . Amy lean in close . amy ( cont would ) let 's play the game ... can you do that ? huh ? can you give I a " so " ? stacy continue to cry . amy ( cont would ) come on . just try . can you try ? ( a beat ) so there be this girl who want to be a pilot . stacy 's tear keep come . Amy look at Eric , give he a nod , 'prodd he into speech . he hesitates , then : eric but she be scared of height . amy so she become a lifeguard instead . ( she squeeze stacy 's hand ) come on . you turn . more sob . Amy glance across the clear at Jeff , want he to join in , too . it seem as if he might refuse , but then she look harden , and he relent . jeff but she could not swim . 101 . amy so she wear a life vest . ( she squeeze stacy 's hand again ) come on . now you . a beat , then stacy take a deep , rag breath . she wipe at she face , struggle for word . stacy but everyone ... she trail off , crying again . Amy nod , encourage she . amy yeah ...? everyone what ? stacy they laugh at she . amy good . that 's good . so she -- very suddenly , it start to rain - - a dozen large , heavy drop . they all glance skyward . jeff shit  he spring to he foot . and then : a downpour , a deluge , as if a trap door have swing open in the cloud . the rain fall in a loud , drum rush , turn the clear to mud . Eric jump up , too . he and Jeff start digging through the backpack from the . blue tent , search for something -- anything -- in which to catch the water . they find a small plastic bag , a nylon toiletry kit , a frisbee . Jeff set this in a row on the ground , open to the rain . Eric rush to the orange tent , vanish inside . Amy tilt back she head , try to catch the rain in she open mouth . stacy just sit there , hugging herself , shiver , still half - cry . they be all drench , back -spatter with mud . and then , as abruptly as it have begin , the rain start to slacken . Eric reemerges from the orange tent , carry a thermos , a plastic cup . he set they next to the other container , but it 's pointless ; the rain be already stop . they all stare at this meager receptacle : they have manage to catch less than half a inch of muddy - look water . jeff. groans ; he 's furious with himself : 102 . jeff ( cont would ) we should have be ready . we should 've - he kick the frisbee across the clear . Amy jump up . amy jefft she step forward , as if to guard the other container . jeff it do not fuck matter . amy there be water in it . he spin toward she , turn he fury with himself on she : jeff how much , Amy ? two and a half gallon ? ' Cause that 's what we need . for today -- just to make it through today . and then tomorrow the same all over again . and for how long ? another week before we parent start search ? and then what ? how long till they track we to coba ? or to this fuck hill ? how long will it take , Amy ? amy you say -- jeff it 's not gonna happen . we be not gonna make it . the other stare at he in astonishment , too ' stunne to speak . he give they all a look of disgust : jeff ( cont would ) and you be fuck play game . ( mimick Amy 's voice ) so there be this people trap in the jungle . amy do not , Jeff . jeff but they do not have any water . 103 . Amy look as if she might start cry . amy please , do not . jeff so they be gonna die of thirst . Amy cover she ear with she hand . amy shut up ! jeff but this fuck vine might kill they first . amy ( shout ) stop it ! Jeff pace away , struggle to regain control of himself . a long beat , and then , very quietly : jeff I be sorry ... I be sorry . he step back toward the dismember orange , crouch over it . the fruit and peel be muddy now , spoiled look . he wave for the other to approach . jeff ( cont would ) come on . we need to eat . no one move . they be all stare at he with they shocked expression . he can not seem to meet they eye . he gesture at the orange again . jeff ( cont would ) the peel , too . everything . abeat , then the other step forward to claim they portion : first Eric , then stacy , then Amy . they eat without speak . finally , almost as if talking to himself : jeff ( cont would ) it will rain again . it have to . and we will figure out a way to catch it . ( he nod to himself ) we will be fine . we will ration the - food . and then , you know , we will just ... we will tough it out .. ( more ) 104 . jeff ( cont would ) people have survive for week with nothing . just water , a little bit of water . so why not we ? no one respond . they continue to eat : the fruit , the peel . they tear clothes cling wetly to they . Jeff uncap the water bottle , offer it to Amy . she drink , pass it on . it move around the circle , back to Jeff . eric what about the vine ? Jeff take he sip , cap the bottle . he 's reclaim himself , he voice strengthen , he confidence return . jeff I do not think it can hurt we . not directly . if it could , it already would have , would not it ? why would it wait ? the other be silent , consider this . then : jeff ( cont would ) it 's not strong enough to overpower we . and it -- Mathias gasp suddenly , he entire body spasming for a moment , before the watery rasp of he breathe resume . he do not regain consciousness ; he eye remain shut . everyone watch he for a beat : he , also , be spatter with mud . amy he 's gonna die , be not he ? if there 's no phone , then there 's no -- stacy I , too . they all turn to look at she . she 's massage that spot on she rib cage again , digging into it with she finger . stacy ( cont would ) it 's eat I . just like he . and she . she wave toward the shaft . Jeff give she a weary look . jeff do not , stacy . do not start . she jump up , begin to pace , agitate . 105 . stacy it 's inside I . in my leg . my chest . I can feel it . right here .. she stop pace , lift she shirt . she point to the base of she rib cage . stacy ( cont would ) see ? Jeff stare ; there 's nothing there . he shake he head . the knife be lie in the mud beside he , and stacy step forward , snatch it up . Jeff reach to stop she , but he 's too slow . she stand before he , hefting it . in she hand . jeff put it down . stacy I will show you . she lift she . shirt again , press at she rib cage with she .fingertips . Jeff stand up , hold out he hand . jeff give it to I . right now . Amy and Eric stand , too . eric stacy -- but she 's already cut : a four inch slit along the base of she rib cage . Amy scream . a horizontal line of blood crest the wound , sweep down across stacy 's stomach , soaking into the waistband of she short . she watch it , frown . stacy I think it would just come tumble out . she probe at the cut with the point of the knife , pry it farther open , the bleed increase . Jeff reach , grab the knife from she . he look furious : jeff . sit down . stacy it 's hide . it 's right -- she poke she finger into the wound , digging . Jeff slap she hand away . he yell : 106 . jeff a il h for down i he shove she down , onto she back , then pick up the towel he would use to hold the heat stone . he ball it up , press it to stacy 's wound . Eric retrieve the bottle of tequila from the mud , uncap it . he crouch beside stacy . eric do not yell . she 's just scared . she be -- jeff what be you do ? he 's lift the bottle toward stacy 's mouth , but he hesitates now , turn toward Jeff . eric just a sip . to calm she . jeff it will dehydrate -her . eric a sip , Jeff . he start to lift the bottle again . Jeff shove it aside . jeff I say q. stacy leave he alone . she try to sit up , but Jeff push she back down , hard . jeff you realize how stupid you be be ? stick that dirty knife into -- stacy it 's grow . jeff of ina' . inside you . you be imagine it , and you just -- stacy I be gonna end up like she . that girl . I be gonna -- 107 . be - jeff get infect . understand ? you be gonna get yourself kill . stacy you be not listen . jeff because -- stacy ( shouting , very loud ) you're not listening ! a beat of startle silence , and then she voice come again , from across the hilltop , sounding exactly like she , only slightly fuzze , a rasp quality just beneath the word : stacy voice you're not listening ! they all turn to look , but there 's nothing there , just the vine , its green leave , its bright red flower . stacy 's voice come once more , from the .opposite direction now : stacy voice ( cont would ) you're not listening ! eric what the -- stacy 's voice keep come , switch location , seem to float across the hilltop ; they turn , tracking it . stacy voice you're not listening ...! you 're not listening ...! you 're not listening ...! Amy step toward Jeff , look frighten . amy the mayan . jeff ( shaking he head ) no -- it 's the vine . it 's mimick she . stacy have start to cry ; she cover she ear with she hand . stacy make it stop . 108 . stacy voice you're not listening ...! you 're not listening ...! you 're not listening ...! stacy please . make it stop . stacy voice you're not listening ...! you 're not listening ...! you 're not listening ...! stacy try to sit up , but Jeff push she back down . se 's still crouch over she , press the towel to she wound ; it 's completely soak through with blood now . stacy yell : stacy shut up ...! stacy 's voice continue , but now that high - pitch laughter be come , too , a chorus of it , grow in volume : stacy voice you're not listening ...! you 're not listening ...! you 're not listening ...! stacy 's weep have deeppen to sob . she keep yelling : stacy shut up ...! shut up ...! the laughter grow steadily louder , obscure stacy 's voice : we see the flower tremble , visibly vibrate as they sculpt the sound ... ext . clearing / base of the hill - dusk the light be fade fast . one of the mayan woman be clean a pot with a handful of leave . Three of the man sit face the hillside , they bow in they lap . the other be bedding down beneath the tree . the laughter echoe down the hill , eerie and ghoulish , yet the mayan betray no reaction to it , as if it be no more worthy of note to they than the steady rasping of the locust in the jungle at they back . 109 . int . orange tent - night Jeff , stacy and Amy lie side - by-side in the darkness . the liquid rattle of Mathias 's breathe come from the clear , sounding as if someone be saw at a tin can . Jeff and stacy be asleep ; Amy be stir restlessly , shifting first onto one side , then the other . finally , she rise , move toward the flap , slip quietly through it . ext . hilltop - the clearing - night the moon be out , drop its faint light upon we . Mathias be on he backboard beneath the little lean - to , more audible than visible , with he phlegm-clotted breathe . Eric be beside he . he look up as Amy emerge from the tent . any now be he ? Eric shrug , wave toward the backboard : it seem clear enough . Amy stare - for a moment , then sit beside he . amy ( cont would ) you can go lie down if you want . Eric lift he hand , push a button on he watch , make it glow . he squint at it . eric I still have forty minute . amy I do not mind . I can not sleep . Eric check he watch again , its glow briefly illuminate he face . he gesture toward the tent . eric be stacy ? amy they both be . there 's a slight breeze , and the tent make a flapping SOUND in it . they both turn to stare at it . then : amy ( cont would ) do you think it 's inside she ? 110 . eric ( he shake he head ) Jeff cut it out . I see he . amy but she say she can feel it . move . shift about . Eric wave this aside . eric you know how stacy be . she 's just scared . she get thing in she head , and --- Mathias make a retching sound -- loud , wet , painful - - and they both turn , tumpeer at he gaunt form through the darkness . he fall quiet ; he eye do not open . a beat , then : eric ( cont would ) I have be sit here , you know , make all this deal in my head with God . you ever do that ? Amy just stare at he . he have he arm wrap around he knee , hugging they to he chest . eric ( cont would ) like I say , okay , you can fire I on the first day teach if that 's what you want -- just let we make it home . but that do not mean shit , ' cause I do not even really want the job , and he have to know that , do not he ? so I say , all right , stacy can leave I , you know , or even , I do not know , I will give up a finger , okay ? or two finger . or fuck it , take a hand , take my leave hand , but let we just get home , all of we . ( a beat ) and then I look at he -- ( he nod toward Mathias ) -- and I can not help it , I be , like , take he if you need to , take Mathias , and let the rest of we go . that 's fuck horrible , be not it ? and once I have say it , I feel like I can not take it back , you know ? ( more ) eric ( cont would ) like the word have go up into the sky and God 's sort of think about they now , make he choice , and if Mathias die and we do not , it will be . like I kill he , will not it ? like I -- Amy start to cry ; she cover she mouth with she hand . Eric stare at she in surprise . eric ( cont would ) what ? what be it ? Amy shake she head . she struggle to stop , but she can not . amy I be sorry ... I be so sorry ... ( a beat ) it 's my fault . eric what be ? amy if I have not step onto the hill -- her cry increase . Eric lean , touch she hand . eric that 's stupid , Amy . that 's -- amy Jeff say it . he say -- Eric reach , put he arm around she , try to quiet she . eric he do not mean it . there 's no way . he be just -- amy we might not have ... eric shh. do not . she rest she head on he shoulder , weeping , she body shaking with it , while he pat she , stroking she hair . 112 . int . orange tent - night stacy and Jeff , eye shut , sleep . very softly , there come a faint panting , rhythmic , furtive sounding . stacy 's eye open ; she lie there , listen . there 's a moan , and the panting quicken . stacy rise to a sit position . she listen for another beat , then lean , prod at Jeff . he awake with a jerk , blink up at she . jeff wh - -? stacy hold she finger to she lip , silencing he .. from outside , there 's another moan . Jeff sit up , listen . the panting be build toward a climax . Jeff lean toward the pile of supplies at the tent 's rear , squinting at the tangle of vine grow across it . he point , whispering : jeff ( cont would ) it 's the -- but stacy be already push herself to she foot . she move quickly to the tent 's flap , unzip it , crouch out into : ext . hilltop - the clearing - night Mathias 's breathe continue its ragged course . Amy be still lean into Eric , she head on he shoulder . he have he arm around she . he look up , blink , as stacy emerge from the tent into the moonlight . . stacy what the fuck , Eric ? Amy lift she head , wipe at she face ; Eric drop he arm from she shoulder . they both stare at stacy , startle by she anger . Jeff appear behind she , step through the flap . eric what ? stacy we hear you . eric Heard I what ? stacy Fucking she . 113 . Eric look from stacy to Jeff , completely perplex . eric what be you talk about ? jeff the vine . it make it sound as if you two -- stacy turn toward he , snorting , shaking she head . stacy you be so blind . jeff I could hear it . at the back of the tent . it be -- stacy it do not make thing up . it mimic thing . thing it 's hear . jeff then it 's hear someone have sex at some point . slowly , quietly , a tendril have begin to slither forward through the darkness , creep in beneath the lean - to , snake toward Mathias , toward he head . Jeff and the other be all too focus on one another to notice . stacy that be ay , Jeff . moan . amy what ? Jeff reach , touch stacy 's arm , struggle to calm she , but she flinch from he . jeff it 's do this on purpose . ' can not you see ? it think you be the weakest -- because you be hurt . so it 's try to upset you . try to -- stacy you be not upset ? he have he arm around she . he -- Amy lean forward , hand out , beseech : 114 . amy nothing happen , stacy . I be cry . and Eric -- stacy we he - be you . the vine start to push its way in between Mathias 's lip , into he mouth . Mathias make a gagging sound , but do not regain consciousness : once more , no one notice . jeff we hear the vine . it -- stacy you be such a fool , Jeff . you think she 's never cheat on you ? perfect little angelic Amy ? amy stacy . stacy I could tell you secret . I could open you eye . amy shi i up . right now . a second tendril have slither under the lean -to . it cover Mathias 's nose , draw itself tight . the steady rasp of he breathe be CUT off . yet again , no one notice . stacy spring break ? senior year ? amy you bitch . you stupid cunt . stacy spin on she , venomous : stacy fuck you . slut. ( back to Jeff ) twice , Jeff . two different guy . and one of they -- Jeff grab she arm , grip it , silencing hers jeff enough , stacy . stoll . 115 . stacy fall silent ; she seem as astonished by what she 's say as everyone else . jeff ( cont would ) where do you think you be ? huh ? why would you even care -- at this point , if they be out here fuck ? we be trap . we do not have any food . or water . and mathias -- he turn , stare : see . he dart forward , start to yank away the tendril . they resist he , writhe , cling to Mathias 's face . Eric and Amy both jump up . stacy have start to cry , shaking she head , mortified : stacy oh , god ... oh please no ... Jeff bend close to Mathias 's face , listen ; he check Mathias 's neck for a pulse . a beat , then he turn toward the other , shake he head . stacy begin to sob : stacy ( cont would ) I be sorry ... I be so sorry ... Eric reach , take she into he arm , hugging she . ext . clearing / base of the hill -- from up the hill - dawn the hillside fall away from we , the narrow trail wind down its face to the clear and the wall of jungle beyond . the sun be just rise , and the vine seem to shimmer in it . Three of the mayan encampment be visible from here : one directly beneath we , one to the leave , another to the right . thin ribbon of smoke rise from they campfire . ext . hilltop - top of the trail - day Jeff stand there , stare down toward the jungle . Eric and stacy be sit together in the clear behind he , hold hand ; stacy be still crying softly . Amy approach across the hilltop , stop beside Jeff . jeff they must have salted the soil . that 's the only way I can think . he turn , glance at Amy . she have no idea what he 's talk about . he wave down toward the mayan . 116 . jeff ( cont would ) to keep the ground clear . it grow so quickly ... he gesture at they clothes , upon which that green webbing of vine continue to spread , eat away at the fabric . jeff ( cont would ) it 's old , too -- have to be . really old . because the bird , the insect ... somehow they have evolve . they have learn not to land here . ( he peer about they , at the vine - cover hill ) and the horse . remember ? how frighten they be ? they know , too . they stand in silence for a beat , stare down the hill toward the mayan . then Amy reach , touch Jeff 's arm . amy it do not happen . Jeff turn , stare at she . she wave back toward the tent . amy ( cont would ) Eric and I , we be just --- jeff I know . amy and what she say . about spring break . I -- Jeff reach , press he finger to she lip . jeff shh . Amy fall silent , watch he . he lower he finger . jeff ( cont would ) have you make it up with she ? Amy half - nod , half - shrug . jeff ( cont would ) good . amy but I want to tell you -- 117 . he press he finger to she lip again , stop she . he wait a beat , and then : jeff I wish it matter . Amy give he a confuse look . Jeff throw out he hand , . gesture at the hilltop , the vine , they tatter clothes . jeff ( cont would ) look at we . ( a beat ) would it matter to you ? Amy hesitates , consider . then she shake she head . and with that , Jeff turn , start back toward the orange tent . we hear a zipping sound , which carry over into : ext . hilltop - the clearing - day Jeff be crouch beside the backboard , unzipping the sleep bag . Eric toss the flimsy lean - to aside , expose Mathias 's corpse - to the sun . Amy and stacy stand watch . jeff head first ? Eric consider this , stare down at Mathias 's body . Mathias 's face be burn red from the vine 's sap ; he leg be two blacken stump . Eric shrug . eric I guess . jeff you will have to lift he . Eric hesitates ; he seem reluctant to touch the corpse . finally , he gird himself , straddle the backboard , grab Mathias under he armpit , lift he . Jeff lean forward , start to pull the sleep bag over Mathias 's head . the corpse seem intent upon resisting they ; its arm keep get tangle , catch and snagging . Jeff and Eric have to wrestle with it , both of they panting , sweat , before they manage to shove it into the bag . Jeff zip the bag shut , and they stand over it , catch they breath , wiping the perspiration from they face . eric should we say something ? 118 . Jeff give he a blank stare . eric ( cont would ) like , you know ...a prayer ? Jeff frown down at the bag , search for word . before he can find they , stacy speak : stacy where 's the knife ? they all turn . her hand be under she tatter shirt , press at she lower back . Jeff sigh : jeff stacy -- she lift she shirt , twist to show he . it look as if a large starfish have be implant just beneath she skin . it 's move , too , inching slowly but visibly downward . they all stare in astonishment . Amy gasp , point at stacy 's leg . stacy bend to see : there 's more vine here , a snakelike lump wind its way upward from the top of she shin to she inner thigh . cu - FIRE another small pile of clothes , burn with that blue , alcohol - fuel flame . amy ( o.s. ) can I give she some ? the knife be place in the fire , and we pull back to reveal : ext . hilltop - the clearing - day Amy hold up the bottle of tequila . Jeff be crouching over the fire , heating the knife 's blade . be glance toward she , nod . stacy be sit down , stare at the bulge in she leg with a daze expression . Eric be beside she . Amy offer the bottle to stacy ; - they all watch as she take a long swallow . then she hand the bottle back to Amy , and Jeff pull the knife from the fire , carry it toward she . he gesture to Eric and Amy . jeff hold she hand . 119 . they each take one of she hand . Jeff crouch over she leg . jeff ( cont would ) you might want to shut you eye . stacy shake she head . stacy I want to see . Jeff hesitates ; for a moment it seem - as if he might argue . but then , very quickly , he lean forward and draw the knife in one smooth movement up and around stacy 's leg . stacy moan , she body tensing , but she do not cry out . the incision reveal the vine , a foot long , its leave and flower clotted with stacy 's blood , which be ooze from the wound . Jeff reach in , pries the tendril from she flesh . stacy moan again , arching backward , as the vine emerge : writhe and twist . the blood come more thickly now , pump from the wound , run down she leg . Jeff drop the tendril into the dirt , step on it , grind it into stillness . stacy be breathe hard , almost hyperventilate . she 's shut she eye . jeff should I stop ? stacy shake she head , vehemently . Jeff glance at the other . Eric shake he head , too . Amy 's eye , like stacy 's , be tightly shut . jeff ( cont would ) you will have to roll over . stacy let go of the other ' hand , roll onto she stomach . she hitches up she shirt , revealing the small of she back , the starfish - shape bulge . Jeff crouch at she side . jeff ( cont would ) ready ? she nod , and he lean , make five quick incision , in the shape of a asterisk , directly above the bulge . stacy 's body go rigid , and Eric take she hand again . once more , we can see the tendril through the incision : dark with she blood . Jeff reach in and slowly pull the vine from she body . there 's a astonish amount of it ; he have to drop the knife and use both hand to drag the slimy mass free . 120 . as the plant emerge from she body -- thrashing , coiling and uncoil , cover in half - clotted blood , like a newborn -- stacy start to scream . ext . clearing / base of the hill - day the mayan at they campsite : three of they on guard duty , the other napping in the shade beneath the tree . stacy 's scream echoe down the hill toward we . ext . hilltop - the clearing - day they have pull a shirt from one of the backpack , tear it into strip , and use this to bandage stacy 's wound , tie they around she leg and torso . she 's lie on she side , eye shut , she head in Eric 's lap . he 's stroking she hair . Jeff be count the grape into four separate pile . Amy sit watch he . when he finish , he gesture for she to take a pile . then he scoops stacy and Eric 's ration up , carry they over . jeff can you eat ? stacy sit up , wince ; she bandage be soak through with blood . she take the grape from he ; Eric do , too . they - all begin to eat , in silence . when they be do , Jeff pass the water bottle around they circle . then : jeff ( cont would ) we should try to rest , I guess . ( he wave toward the tent ) get out of the sun . we be lose moisture out -- stacy there 's more of it . she lean forward , probe at she right thigh , prodding the skin . the other watch she ; there 's no bulge visible , no sign of the vine - at all . Eric give she a pain look . eric there 's nothing there , stacy . stacy it 's under the muscle . down by the bone . 121 . she keep push at she leg . she glance from Eric to Amy to Jeff . no one say anything . stacy ( cont would ) cut I and see . right here . she use she finger to draw a line up she thigh . jeff you be lose too much blood . and if any of this get infect --- stacy my calf , too . she lift she right leg , turn it to show the other . Jeff bend to look . again , there 's no visible sign of the vine . he shake he head . jeff no more cut . not unless --- the knife be in the dirt beside he , and stacy lean forward , try to grab it . Jeff be too quick for she , though : he snatch it up , tuck it into he belt . stacy be become more and more upset . she hold out she hand , begging : stacy please , Jeff . eric you can not . you can not keep -- stacy be start to cry ; she mouth be tremble . stacy it 's everywhere . she 's prodding at she body : she leg , she chest and stomach . Amy scoot toward she , grasp she hand . any stacy -- stacy yank she hand free , clutches she scalp , weeping : stacy it 's in my head ! I can feel it in my head ! Amy take stacy in she arm , hugging she tight .. 122 . amy shh. stacy sob into Amy 's shoulder , she body jump . Amy stroke she . Eric step across the clear , pick up the bottle of tequila . he glance at Jeff , and Jeff nod . amy ( cont would ) you be scared , honey . you be just scared . you know ? stacy nod ; she 's still crying , but it 's grow quieter . Eric crouch beside she , hold out the bottle of tequila . stacy just stare at it . Amy encourage she : amy ( cont would ) it will help . stacy accept the bottle , take a long swallow . then another . the other watch she in silence . finally : amy ( cont would ) can you rest some ? in the tent ? stacy be silent . she wipe the tear from she face . stacy that girl -- ( she wave at the shaft ) I keep see she . when I shut my eye . amy ( nodding ) I know ... I know . ( she stand up , hold out she hand ) let 's just lie down for a bit . okay ? stacy hesitates , stare up at Amy . then she reach , grasp she hand . Amy pull she to she foot , help she hobble across the clear to the tent . Jeff and Eric sit -there , watch in silence as they vanish through the flap . int . orange tent - day sunlight filter through the orange nylon ; all four of they lie sleep in a row , sweat . the vine have shred they clothes to tatter ; they look like castaway . the tent 's flap hang open , billow gently in a slight breeze . 123 . stacy open she eye . she lie there , stare up toward the orange nylon above she . the blood on she bandage have dry to a dark red , border on black . she sit up , stare about the tent . Eric be on one side of she , then Amy , then Jeff . Jeff be on he back , the knife still tuck into he belt . stacy rise quietly , step over Amy , crouch above he , stare down at the knife . she reach , try to slip it free , but then jerk back when Jeff shift in he sleep . she hesitates , watch he . she seem as if she 's about to try again , but then the tent flap billow in the breeze , draw she gaze . a beat , and she rise , step carefully over Jeff , duck outside into the clear . ext . hilltop - the clearing - day stacy stand just beyond the tent 's.flap . all be still , quiet . - she move to Eric 's pack , crouch over it , pull out he phone . she flip it open , stare down at its screen : there 's still no signal . she drop it back into the pack . she turn - to examine the clear , she eye fall upon the two backpack from the blue tent . they pocket be zippere open : Jeff and Eric 's hurried pillaging during the downpour have scattered they content across the dirt . stacy rise , step toward this tangle mound . she start to dig through it , casually at first , but then with grow intensity , throw t-shirt and jeans and short aside , probing deeply into the pile . suddenly she go still . stare . amid the sodden mass of clothing sit a knife in a small scabbard . as stacy crouch there , the vine start to rustle , a rippling motion pass across they , as. if a wind be sweeping the hillside . stacy watch with a look of horror : it look like the pelt of some giant animal , shaking itself . when it finally stop , she bend , reach for the knife . int . orange tent - day Jeff , Eric , and Amy , still sleep . the tent 's flap continue to billow in the breeze . very faintly , from the clear , we hear a moan . then the sound of whimpering . Eric open he eye , listen . a instant later , very abruptly , there come a sharp , rending scream of pure pain . Eric jump up , start for the flap ; Jeff be right behind he . 124 . ext . hilltop - the clearing - day Eric emerge from the tent , then Jeff , then Amy . they stand there , stare , too horrify to move . amy oh my God . stacy be on the far side of the clear . she 's pull off she shirt , she short , and have cut much of the skin from she body . she do not notice they . she 's bent over , slice into she leave thigh , peel the skin back from the muscle . eric stacy -- she turn , blood -streak , wild - eye , the knife in she hand ; she skin be hang from she in shred . we can see she leg muscle , she abdominal , a glint of bone at she leave elbow . Jeff start forward , hold out he hand , very stern : jeff give it . now . Eric follow he . Amy stay by the tent ; she 's begin to cry . amy please , honey . just -- stacy shake she head ; she 's crying , too , she whole body shaking . her hair be matte with blood ; she look terrify . stacy I have to get it out . it 's -- Jeff dart forward , try to grab the knife from she , and she slashes at he , shout : stacy ( coat would ) leave I alonel the blade slice into he palm . Jeff jump back , cradling he hand at he chest . stacy ( cont would ) I have to -- Eric step toward she , from behind , reach around she body for the knife , and she spin , reflexively , try to fend he off . but the knife be in she hand , and it punch into he chest , just to the right of he sternum , stick there . 125 . Eric look at the knife in surprise . it 's twitching back and forth with the beat of he heart . he start to reach for it , but then he leg give out . he collapse , drop to the dirt , which have grow muddy with stacy 's blood . Amy scream . stacy 's crying deepen ; she take a step toward Eric , but then she own body fail she . she fall to she knee in the bloody puddle , reach toward he . stacy ( cont would ) oh , no ...no ...no ... I be -- Eric be on he back ; he struggle up onto one elbow . he try to speak , but only a gagging sound emerge , blood froth at he mouth . it 's pump thickly from he wound , too , saturate he shirt . stacy ( cont would ) I do not ... Eric drop back again . he struggle raggedly for breath . Jeff lower himself to he knee beside he , hesitate impotently over he , uncertain what to do . stacy be sobbing , shaking she head . there 's blood everywhere . stacy ( cont would ) kill I ... Jeff turn , stare at she . Amy step forward , crouch beside she . she take stacy 's hand . any shh . stacy please . just -- any shh . stacy it hurt . it hurt so much . Eric try to rise again . the blood surge from he wound when he move . Jeff press he back down . jeff easy . try to -- stacy clutches at Amy , begging , she voice hoarse with pain : 126 . stacy kill I . I can not she stop in mid-sentence , stare . Jeff and Amy follow she gaze . a half dozen tendril be snake into the clear , reach toward Eric 's body . Jeff jump to he foot . the tendril begin to wrap themselves around Eric 's limb , and Jeff bend to tear they away . more and more keep come , though . Eric have start to convulse , gagging , he head cocked back . Jeff keep yanking the tendril away , but there be far too many of they ; they coil around Eric 's leg , pull at he . the blood have stop pump from he wound ; he body have go still . amy Jeff I she point toward the tent . Jeff turn to see . jeff' Pov - across the clearing the sleep bag in which they would enshroud Mathias be move : he 's thrashing about within it , struggle to sit up . and he 's shout , too , he voice muffled by the bag : mathias' voice henrich ...! henrich ...! he seem to be tear at the bag with he arm . back to scene Jeff hesitates just for a instant , stare in astonishment , then he 's sprinting across the clear . he bend , struggle for the zipper . jeff it 's okay . I be right here . I be -- he unzip the bag , and a immense tangle of vine cascade out onto the dirt . its flower be a pale pink ; they be open and close , still call , louder now : mathias ' S voice henrich ...! henrich ...! the thick clot of tendril writhes spasmodically , coiling and uncoil . 127 . entwine within it be Mathias 's bone , already stripped clean of flesh . the vine fall silent . a beat , then it start to laugh , a low mock chuckle . on the opposite side of the little clear , stacy begin to scream , shaking she head , sobbing . stacy kill I ...! kill I ...! Jeff stand there , perfectly still . Amy be hold stacy , struggle unsuccessfully to quiet she : amy shh. shh . the vine 's laughter grow steadily . louder , punctuate by stacy 's shout : stacy kill I ...! kill I ... : Amy turn , stare at Jeff . blood be run off stacy 's body in string . the vine have drag Eric to the edge of the clear ; only he head and torso be still visible . Jeff stride toward he . stacy ( cont would ) kill I ...! kill I ...! Jeff bend , yank the knife from Eric 's chest . then he start across the clear toward stacy . ext . clearing / base of the hill - day the mayan in they campsite . they be all stare up the hill , listen . stacy 's voice echoes toward we : stacy ( o.s. ) kill I ...! kill me... I kill -- and then , abruptly , it go silent . ext . hilltop - the clearing - day Amy sit beside stacy , who lie on she back in the puddle of blood , arm throw out , the knife stick hilt - deep in she chest . Eric 's body be barely visible at the edge of the clear ; the vine rustle softly as it consume he . 128 . Jeff be pull they remain supplies from he knapsack : the bananas , the raisin , the pretzel , the protein bar , the nut , the water , iced tea , and Coke . he have a bloody strip of fabric tie around the wound on he hand . Amy watch as he arrange the food in front of she . she 's crying silently , tear run down she dirt - smear cheek . Jeff peel one of the bananas : it 's dark brown , far too ripe . he hold it out to she . she just stare at it . jeff come on . you will need the energy . he reach for she hand , put the banana in it . she hold the fruit , but make no move to eat . finally , very quietly : amy I still think we should wait . Jeff sigh : it 's clear they have already be through this . jeff you will only get weaker . amy they will come look . you say they will -- jeff nobody 's come . amy we parent -- jeff all they will find be we bone . Amy be silent , stare down at the banana . jeff ( cont would ) we do not have time for this , Amy . you will need as much daylight as possible . he wave upward , toward the sun , which have pass its peak , begin its slow slide westward . Amy squint toward it for a beat , and then , almost despite herself , lift the banana to she mouth . she bite , chew , swallow , still mutely cry . Jeff peel the second banana ; he hand it to she as soon as she finish the first . be watch she eat , . silent . he 's tear open the bag of pretzel when another tendril snake into the clear . 129 . they both watch it , neither of they move . it 's join by a second tendril , then a third , a fourth ; . the vine coil around stacy 's body , begin to drag it from the clear . Amy 's crying grow more forceful , she body shaking . jeff ( cont would ) shh. Jeff reach , stroke she . the vine pull stacy 's body into itself , bury it . Amy watch , struggle to control . herself . her voice emerge as little more than a whisper : amy I do not want to . I do not ... she shake she head , wipe at she face : the tear , the snot , the sweat , the dirt . her clothes be fall off she body , eat to shred . Jeff 's , too . amy ( cont would ) why can not we both ? Jeff hesitates a.beat . then , clearly not believe it : jeff we might . he hand she the pretzel ; she take they , watch he face . amy how ? jeff it will take they a moment to react . if I can make it to the tree ... he trail off , shrug . Amy keep stare at he ; she do not believe this either . he sigh again , hold up he hand , pull the bandage from he wound : it 's three inch long , a deep gash into he palm . jeff ( cont would ) how long till it 's inside I ? Amy be silent . he flexe he hand , and the wound open , mouthlike , blood ooze thickly from it . jeff ( cont would ) it already be , probably . I will be just like stacy soon . he turn , glance toward the spot where she body have disappear . Amy look , too . 130 . jeff ( cont would ) then what ? you , all alone on this hill ... you know how that would end , do not you ? once more , Amy be silent . he wave for she to keep eat , and she start in on the pretzel , mechanically . he open the can of Coke , hand it to she ; she take a long sip . jeff ( cont would ) once you be in the jungle , you drop and hide . another tendril slither forward . it slip into the immense puddle of blood beside Jeff and Amy , begin to drink it . jeff ( cont would ) they will never find you -- it 's too thick in there . just burrow down , and they will run right past . Jeff open the can of nut , set it in front of Amy . then he get up , crouch over the puddle of blood . he cup . he hand , dip they into the puddle . he step toward Amy , smear the blood across she T-shirt . Amy keep eat . jeff ( cont would ) it 's sudden movement that will get you catch . so take you time . you step , then listen . then another step , and listen again . he move back to the puddle , which the lone tendril continue ' to drain . he cup he hand , scoops up more blood , smear it on she tatter khakis . Amy have finish the pretzel ; she reach for the nut , look numb .. jeff ( cont would ) East , always east -- keep the sun at you back . he scoops up more blood from the puddle . jeff ( cont would ) ' arm . Amy hold out she arm , and he smear the blood on they . jeff ( cont would ) you will hear I yell . I will yell you name . 131 . he return yet again to the puddle , then stand over she , the blood cup in he hand , drip . jeff ( cont would ) and you can not hesitate . understand ? not for a instant . Amy nod , and he uncup he hand over she head . she shut she eye as the blood run into she hair , down she forehead , she neck , she face . ext . clearing / base of the hill - day Three of the mayan man , as usual , sit in the clear , bow in they lap , face the hill . the other be shelter from the sun in the line of shade along the jungle 's margin , some sleep , some talk quietly together . one of the man in the clear suddenly rise to he foot , nock a arrow . the other two also rise . the mayan along the clear fall silent , stare up the hill . the mayan ' Pov - up the hill Jeff be approach down the trail , carry Amy , pieta-like , in he arm . her body be limp , apparently lifeless , and drip with blood . back to scene the bald mayan emerge from the tree line , follow by yet another man with a bow . they join the other three mayan in the center of the clear . they all watch as Jeff reach the base of the trail , where he carefully lay Amy down . Jeff crouch over Amy , lay she arm across she chest , push the hair from she face . he bend , kiss she blood - smear forehead . then he glance up at the mayan . jeff you do not even know she name . the mayan just stare at he . he rise to he foot , pull the knife from he belt : it 's darkly stain with . blood . jeff ( cont would ) you should . you should know who you be kill . 132 . he step out into the clear . the bald mayan pull he pistol from its holster , raise it , aim at Jeff 's chest . the other draw they bow . Jeff smile , tap he sternum . jeff ( cont would ) jeff. understand ? my name 's Jeff . he edge along the clear 's margin , keep close to the vine , move away from Amy 's body . the mayan follow he , weapon raise . after a handful of step , he stop again , turn toward they . jeff ( cont would ) can you say it ? huh ? again , the mayan just stare . he slap at he chest . jeff ( cont would ) Jeff . a beat , then he suddenly yell , wave the knife at the man . jeff ( cont would ) say my fucking name ! silence . the mayan stand there with they weapon raise , wait to see what he might do . a beat , then he start walk once more , along the clear 's edge , away from Amy . another ten yard and he stop again , wave up the hill . jeff ( cont would ) there 's stacy , too . and eric. Mathias . and henrich . you have kill they all . he step toward they . the bald man raise he hand , hold it up , palm out , next to he pistol . Jeff smile at he again . jeff ( cont would ) but not everyone . he laugh , a little wildly , and shake he head . jeff ( cont would ) look at you , you stupid fuck . you have no idea what I be say , do you ? he take another step into the clear . the bald man cock he pistol , loudly . several of the other mayan have emerge from the jungle ; they stand there watch . 133 . jeff ( cont would ) one of we be gonna survive . you should know that name , too . you fucker . you bastard . he take yet another step forward . the bald man speak a string of word in mayan , with a edge of warning . more mayan emerge from - the jungle , shield they eye against the sun , stare . no one be look in Amy 's direction . jeff ( cont would ) it 's not Jeff . he shake he head , he voice drop , almost to a whisper : jeff .( cont would ) it 's not I . he take another step . and then , still quietly : jeff ( cont would ) it 's Amy . you hear ? he take a deep breath , gather himself . then he yell -- jeff ( cont would ) amy ; -- and start to run , straight at the mayan . he only manage three step before the bald man fire he pistol , and the other let they arrow fly . the bullet hit Jeff in the chest , just beneath he throat . one of the arrow miss ; the other three strike he stomach , he leave arm , he right thigh . before he even hit the ground , there 's a shout from the mayan along the treeline . the bald man turn . Amy be on she foot , sprinting for the jungle . the bald man raise . he pistol , fire , but the shot be too hurried ; it go wide . the other be still scramble for fresh arrow as she vanish into the tree . the bowmen sprint after she , disappear into the jungle , leave the bald man alone in the clear with Jeff . the mayan woman stand motionless along the treeline , stare . after Amy : they look mortify , grief-strick . Jeff be bleed heavily from he wound , struggle to crawl forward , he breath froth pinkly at he lip . a half dozen tendril slither into the clear . they coil around he leg , start to drag he back toward the hill . Jeff fight they , kick , moaning , bleed . 134 . the bald man watch . he , too , look grief-strick . he step forward , aim at Jeff 's head . as he fire , we : CUT to a black screen we hear footstep , move quickly down a tile floor . doctor ( o.s. ) ( a slight Spanish accent ) she flagge down a tour bus , just west of coba -- the voice carry over into : int . hospital corridor - moving - night a mexican doctor , in he late fifty , bald , a little stoop , he white jacket buttone over a shirt and tie , be hurry down the corridor , accompany by teresa , a dark - haire woman in beige slack , a blue blouse . Teresa have - a leather briefcase , a blackberry on she belt . she 's hold Amy 's passport , . which she examine as they walk . it 's smear with dry blood . doctor -- and collapse before the driver even manage to open the door . the corridor be brightly light , very clean . room open off it on either side , and we glimpse the still . form of sleep patient as we pass , ivs hang from metal stand beside they bed . it 's very quiet . doctor ( cont would ) she revive briefly , just after they bring she in . she be in bad shape -- severely dehydrated , traumatize , in shock . and terribly frighten . it be impossible to make any sense of what she be say . she be sobbing , hysterical . we have to sedate she . the doctor have a manila folder under he arm ; he open it , pull out a piece of paper : a color printout of a digital photo . he hand it to Teresa . doctor ( cont would ) her clothes be tear ; she be cover in blood . but not she own . 135 . Teresa stare down at the photo : it show Amy on a gurney , unconscious , blood -smear , corpse-like . teresa now do you know ? doctor she have no wound . a uniform policeman sit on a chair outside one of the room at the end of the corridor , read a newspaper . he rise as they approach . Teresa hand the printout back to the doctor ; she keep the passport . teresa that 's it ? that 's all you have ? doctor I be afraid so . be nod to the policeman , and lead Teresa into : int . hospital room - night a bed , a night stand , a curtain window . Amy lie with a sheet pull to she chin , unconscious , a iv drip into she arm . they have clean the blood off she . a nurse sit in a chair beside the bed . she 's in she early twenty , with long dark hair tie in a bun . she stand up , step back from the bed , as the doctor and Teresa enter . the doctor address she in subtitled spanish : doctor have she stir ? the nurse shake she head . the doctor move to the bed . he take Amy 's wrist , feel for her-pulse . Amy 's eye open at he touch . she stare at he , she arm hang limply in he grasp . he smile down at she . doctor ( cont would ) there you be ... Teresa step forward , and Amy 's gaze shift to she . doctor ( cont would ) my name be Dr. hernandez ... Amy 's eye return to the doctor ; . they fall on he face , then drift down to he chest . the doctor gesture toward Teresa : 136 . doctor ( cont would ) and this be Ms. bern , from the U.S. Consulate . Amy be stare at he white coat , she expression go slack , almost catatonic , all the life drain from it . doctor ( cont would ) we be hope you might be able to shed a little light on what you have be through ... Amy be silent , still stare with that dead look in she eye at the doctor 's coat : a faint green web of vine have take root there , spread across the white fabric . we hold on it for a beat , and then : the end