the firm base on the novel by John grisham ( November 2 , 1992 ) screenplay by Robert towne & David rayfiel ext harvard campus - cambridge ~ day early morning . student rush to class . the SOUND of a basketball slamming against the wood floor of a court . int gym - day mitch mcdeere , in gray gym short play fierce two - on- two basketball . it 's a oddball quartet . Mitch be team with a pot-belly redhead in he 30' . they be play a large , muscular black man in he 40 's and a spare but fit man in he early 60' . the Black man drive into the paint , Mitch all over he . he fake , pass to the elderly man , who go over the redhead for the score . mitch Son of a bitch ! ( immediately mortify ) I mean you honor , that be a hell of a shot . laughter . the wall clock buzze . it 's 8:30 . int federal courtroom door - day in troops the quartet . the Black man in bailiff uniform with sidearm , the redhead the court attendant , Mitch , in wear suit '' tie , move to the clerk 's table , the elderly man in robe ascend to the bench . bailiff oyez , oyez , oyez , the United States Court for the district of Massachusetts be now in session , the honorable Brian J. hookstratten preside . ext harvard campus ~- mitch - day dash across a common , load with book . mitch {( v.0 . ) -- I be currently do a externship for two credit as clerk for judge hookstratten --~ int campus bldg - close - bulletin board - day a large notice : recruiting week April 1 - 7 . below list of the various law firm participate . ( continued ) 11/2/92 2. continued : recruiter ( v.0 . ) BJ hookstratten ? that ' 's more impressive than be in the top five percent -- int CLASS room - mitch and two lawyer - day they face each other in a sea of empty chair . recruiter ( cont ’d ) ( continue ) ~- look I do not know what kind of offer you have have from Wall Street -- mitch ( embarrassed ) -~ the top five sir . in my class . not the top five percent . sorry . I just feel I should -- Mitch glance at he watch . lawyer # 2 Mr. mcdeere we have just offer you sixty - eight thousand dollar a year from , arguably , the lead law firm in Chicago . be there somewhere else you have to be ? mitch yes sir . I have a job . I be just on lunch break and I need - int campus restaurant - dusk Mitch , jeans and sweater , carry a tray of food through the crowd of handsome student and they girlfriend . he serve one table , take a order from another , 2'd recruiter ( v.0 . ) -~- we have 127 client that be fortune 500 company . we will offer you seventy - four thousand dollar and -~ 8 10 11 12 13 11/2/92 3. int - close another recruiter ~ day 8 3d recruiter -- we billing requirement be only two thousand hour the first year , not the usual twenty - five hundred . we want you to have a life outside the office , Mitch . and if you be a laker fan -~ ext moving Pov ~ through bus window - downtown boston - day 9 approach the limo in front of the copley - Plaza Hotel . another recruiter ( v.o . -- forget it . with you ability and ambition there 's only one place for you and that 's with we in Washington D.C. ~~ ext - bus stop - near copley - plaza - mitch - day 10 he get off the bus and approach the elegant hotel . the plush burgundy awning and solid gray stone be impressive . Mitch 's concession to it be just a hitch in he stride to straighten he tie , check he cuff and shoe . int copley - plaza - atrium ~ dollying shot 11 move along the magnificent vault gold ceiling and glitter chandelier . int - lobby ~ mitch & concierge - full angle . 12 as he gawk at the elegance around he . int - suite door - day 13 it open and lamar quinn , perfectly tailore , only a few year older than Mitch fill the doorway . he break into a smile as iff he have just recognize a old friend . lamar Mitchell mcdeere ? mitch yes . lamar Nice to meet you , I be lamar quinn . ( continued ) 13 11/2/32 4. continued : 13 they shake hand violently as lamar lead Mitch inside . lamar ( cont ’d ) -- this 1s Oliver lambert cur senior partner , and royce mcknight we manage partner . have a seat . they all sit . Oliver , late sixty , be mellow and professorial . mcknight , fifty , cool and detach remind one of McNamara . lamar be a little too oblige to smile whenever Mitch look at he . oliver Care for a drink , Mitch ? on a serve cart be row of mineral water bottle , coffee , tea , fruit & cheese . no liquor . mitch ifm fine . the three man look at Mitch , who stare pleasantly back , hand fold , foot on the floor . oliver tire of interview ? mitch no sir . I just do not quite know what to say . mcknight unusual for a lawyer . mitch oh , I can get tongue - tie in any number of situation . but they 's be usually with my wife . laughter . oliver would you mind describe one ? with you wife . a awkward moment . they wait . mitch well ... the first time I see she ... anytime we argue ... whenever she walk into a room , as a matter of fact . ( continued ) 11/2/92 5 . 13 . continued : ( 2 ) 13 Oliver nod appreciatively , smile -~ then : oliver might we ask about the rest of you family ? mitch ( grudgingly ) .. my father be kill in the coal mine . my mother remarry and life in Florida . mcknight Brothers and sister ? mitch a older brother ... Ray ... ( at they silence ) he..kind of raise I . mckinght and what do he do ? mitch ~- we have lose touch . oliver ( gently but firmly ) Mitch , I hope you do not think we intrusive but stability in the family have a special importance for we . bendini , lambert & locke be just a small Memphis fim , thirty - one lawyer , but we be a large family . so we be careful . mcknight what first draw cur attention be you Harvard Law rebiew piece on Capital gain reduction in maritime commerce ... a imaginative grasp of the implication . mitch ( surprised ) thank you . oliver you should know as well that since we deal primarily in tax and security , we client be very wealthy . ( more ) ( continued ) 13 11/2/32 6. continued : ( 3 ) ' 13 oliver ( cont would ) poor people rarely have tax problem ; it 's one of the few advantage of be poor . ( then playfully : ) now , sir , do you have any question for we ? mitch ( in kind ) do you have a offer in mind ? mcknight place a seal eanvelope on the coffee table . mcknight it include a bonus schedule , a low - interest mortgage so you can buy a home , a country club membership , and we have lease you a new mercede . lamar you pick the color , Mitch . oliver lamar you have not be pay attention . his wife pick the color , Mitch , somewhat bewilder , lock at the envelope . mitch do I apen it here ? mcknight of course . qliver ..- unless you can tell we what 's in it . rayce and lamar look curious . Mitch smile . oliver ( cont ! D ) a lawyer worth that offer - should not have to gpen the envelope . Mitch look down at the envelope , look at the three man . mitch Mr. mcknight , you be the manage partner at bendini , lambert & locke , be that correct ? ( continued ) 13 11/2/92 continued : 4 ) 13 mcknight yes . mitch do Mr. lambert , as senior partner , give you any instructicn regard my employment ? mcknight he do . mitch and do you usually follow Mr. lambert 's instruction ? lamar objection . vague , ambiguous -- oliver sustain . mitch what , precisely , be that instruction ? mcknight that you be in great demand and that I should make certain we obtain you service before a bid situation develop . mitch and how would you go ahout ' make certain 's ? mcknight I would bribe the clerk in the Harvard Law placement Office for the exact amount of the high offer -- and then add twenty percent . Mitch stare incredulously at the envelope . oliver the letter you get from bendini , lambert & locke be the only one send out . we want you , Mitch . 14 15 16 11/2/92 8. ext STREET - a ancient mazda hatchback - evening 14 hubcap rattling , wedge its way into a parking space between a new porsche and a 360 sl with Boston University sticker and decal . behind the crack windshield sit ABBY mcdeere , a breath - take young woman in she twenty . she finish wrestle the car into the spot , switch off the ignition and groan -~ this be obviously a daily ritual . she eye the door handle with sudden malice , yank it , shoulder it open and get out , spilling she school gear . the street be pepper with more shiny sportcar of the collegiate wealthy . ext rundown apartment unit - ABBY ~- evening 15 she stand outside she door fumble for she key when , suddenly , the door be jerk open and she 's yank inside ! int mcdeere apartment ~ mitch & ABBY - evening 16 he throw she onto the sofa , leggos and color pipe cleaner fly everywhere . he attack she neck and face , kissing she madly , finally lock she in a long sweet embrace . ABBY ok , you will have to leave now , I be expect my husband . mitch the hell with he , come here - hearsay , they mutt jump up as Mitch pull Abby to she foot and lead she to the candle - light kitchen table . mitch ( cont ’d ) moo shoo pork , szechwan beef and mandarin duck . from Wong boy . frame between the white food carton and a bottle of chardonnay be the envelope from the interview . dazzle , she pick up the wine bottle . mitch it 's even get a cork , he begin to serve from the food carton . ( continued ) 16 11/2/92 3. continued : 16 mitch remember that firm in Memphis I get a letter from about a month ago ? ABBY Memphis ?? mitch that 's what I think until they offer . he pick up the corkscrew , she 's vaguely suspicious . ABBY what be the offer ? mitch they do not say . ( point ) it 's in there , ABBY it 's seal . mitch ( pour wine ) T guess . ABBY --- you ' guess ?? 's mitch yeah , but I be a good guesser . she open the envelope , stare dumbly at the number . mitch ( cont 's D ) -~- plus a five percent increase the second year - ~ ABBY mitch ' why 's ?? who 's side be you on ? she hug he . ABBY ++ yyour . ( continued ) 16 17 18 193 11/2/92 10 . continued : ( 2 ) 16 mitch plus bonuse - ~ plus a low - interest mortgage . ABBY . - s.as in heme ? with grass around it ? mitch ~- and a two car garage . she stare at he . a soft , sassy , insistent blue fade in . ABBY but why , really , Mitch ? -- mitch -- sa we can park the mercede . ext - aerial shot - memphis tennessee ~ day 17 blue up full as camera pan from beale Street , across the new trolley track and over to Court Square , border by the Federal building . a sleek , black limousine move through . mitch voice they want to fly we down for a little visit . ext / int - limousine - mitch and ABBY ~ day 18 elegant , as it glide through the downtown street . in the plush back seat Mitch try for nonchalance , but it 's a tough go . Abby watch Mitch with amusement as he eye flick over the crystal decanter , the telephone , and the television set . ABBY you be in one limo , you be in they all -- the limo drop she in front of the peabody hotel . Mitch kiss she . ext - bendini build - day 13 cotton truck move by as the limo pull up in front of the impose facade . Mitch get out and move inside . 20 22 22 23 11/2/92 il . int - bendini build ~ lobby - mitch & lamar ~- day 20 as lamar greet Mitch , point to a billboard in the center of the marble lobby that greet ' mitchell y.mcdeere , the guest of ? lamar come on ~ associate first , then lunch with the partner in we private dining room . int law library - the firm - day 21 tilting down the crush weight of floor to ceiling volume of law book we come to two dozen young men , impeccably turn out , most not much older than Mitch . this be the associate . oliver' voice -- he 's we number one draft pick so to speak , and he 's be romance by the big boy in New York and Chicago and everywhere else , so we have to sell he on we little firm here in Memphis ~ int - the firm - close - mitch and oliver - 22 oliver - meanwhile he 's go to try not to be embarrassed while I remind you that he 's about to graduate from Harvard with honors - harvard men hear , hear ~ angle shift to see that Mitch and Oliver be now in - the plush rartner 's dining room overlook the river , they audience now the older partner just finish they meal and listen attentively . oliver - yes , yes , Jerry , we know you go to Harvard . General levity , as the sassy , insistent blue fade up again . ext beale STREET - night 23 Mitch , Abby , lamar and kay quinn , lamar 's cheerful wife stroll through a happy crowd along the neon - light street . a cacophony of raucous blue float in and out . lamar and Mitch be in front out of earshot and talk only to each other . ( continued ) 23 24 11/2/92 12. continued : 23 Kay and Abby walk behind and speak only to each other . the following be simultaneous converstion : mitch no divorce in a law firm ? ABBY impossible . kay no bachelor either . ABBY how about woman ? kay they have one once ~ lamar ~ Alice krauss . wobble around on four inch heel ~~ affirmative action on stilt . another angle - beale STREET - long lens ~ night hawker sell t-shirt . doormen try to entice customer into the music joint . kay in fact they do not want anyone with family money . ABBY I be not sure I follow ...? kay they want you lean and hungry . if all you money come from one source , you tend to be very loyal to that source . int b.b. king ~ night 24 the champ of Memphis blue wail on the smal ] stage in the pack room . the crowd be enthusiastic . Mitch , Abby , lamar and Kay be huddle at a tiny table . they shout to be hear above the music . kay -- she can show you several house in you price range . ( continued ) 24 25 11/2/92 13. continued : 24 ABBY ... what be we price range ? ext - lambert home ~ wide view ~ late afternoon 25 the barbecne be set under paper lantern , light even in daylight , on a lawn roll down to a glassy lake . at the buffet a few guest be queve up , while other dine at small table . most of the guest wander and chat . a band play energetically on a makeshift platform , as waiter and waitress hold trays laden with hor d'oeuvre pass by in foreground . a long view over the shoulder of a line of several elderly , elegant woman , as Kay introduce Abby . another angle - oliver and mitch Oliver stroll with he arm around Mitch 's shoulder . oliver it 's different from the northeast , the pace , we!re -- ( smile ) almost stately by comparison . courteous . and not as gossipy . we keep each other 's secret . mitch I like that . oliver +.. what do you like about it ? mitch all of it . it 's a family , just the way you say . another angle - ABBY and kay move along the lake . ABBY ~ for the last three year I have be teach in the Boston area at a private school . do you work ? kay ( laugh ) not since I put lamar through law school . but work be not forbidden . ( continued ) 28 11/2/92 14 , continued : 25 ABBY .' forbidden ? 's kay work . by the firm , you know . ABBY how could it be forbidden ? kay it be not . anyway , two baby in fourteen month and I have all the work I could handle . ( beat ) you plan to start a family ? ABBY maybe in a couple of year . kay the firm encourage child . ABBY ..- how do they do that exactly ? close shot ~ horseshoe pit - night the clang of a perfect shot . pull back to see Mitch , he coat off , hold a beer in one hand , horseshoe in the other . he pitch again . cheer as he make a good shot . Oliver light Mitch 's cigar as a waiter carry a gleam humidor to other guest . near the lake , Abby be alone a moment , lcoke out over the lake . then Mitch step into shot . he spread he arm . mitch how about it ? ABBY -- how about it . mitch ok ... the Love Boat Band , the secret recipe rib -- they be a little square , maybe - ABBY I do not mind square , I like square , weird , I mind . mitch what do you mean - weird ? ( continued ) 25 11/2/92 15 . continued : ( 2 ) 25 ABBY well , here 's a quote : the firm do not ' forbid 's I to take a job ; and they ' encourage 's children~ ~ ask I why . mitch ~~ because they love kid ? ABBY - because child ' promote stability . 's want to hear more ? mitch no , no , you be right , he move past she directly toward the water . he stop , mitch ( cont ’d ) do not pay any attention I be just go to throw myself in the river -- I think my will be self - explanatory . ABBY that 's a lake ... turn back , take she in he arm . mitch this be nice people , Abby . ok , I be more impressed with it than you be - you grow up with it . you know what ninety~six thousand dollar a year be here ? it 's like a hundred and fifty in New York . do you ever think I have make a six figure salary ? ABBY absolutely . mitch -- you do ?? ( at she look ) well. , . listen , you folk be only a few hour away too . ABBY you mean if we fight , I will not have far to drive . Mitch and Abby , small figure embrace at the bottom of the roll lawn by the great river . over this we hear : ( continued ) 2s 26 27 28 29 11/2/92 16 . continued : ( 3 ) 25 man' voice »- . she make 2 phone call from the hotel , one to she parent , one to the Memphis school board . int the firm - oliver 's office - day 26 Oliver , mcknight , and nathan locke , a intense , older man with white hair and dark eyebrow , listen to a strong look man in he 50 's , dress less fashionably than the other . he be william devasher . cliver she seem a little reluctant . I have hate to lose this young man . devasher I believe she 'il come around . mcknight what about kozinski and Hodge ? have you speak with Chicago ? devasher ae yes . int boston schoolroom - day 27 sixteen second - grader sit solemnly at they chair . Abby stand before she desk . one young boy walk forward carry a ribbon - wrap roll of heavy paper . he solemnly hand it to she . she unty the ribbon , unroll the paper on she desk . it be a hand -drawn map of the Eastern United States . a bright red line mark the route from Boston to Memphis . ' have a happy journey ! 's be scrawle at the bottom and it 's sign by all the class . push in to the map . ext - traveling shot ~ u- haul trailer - day 28 Mitch and Abby , cramme in with belonging and hearsay , turn off a boulevard onto a pleasant street of well - tend house . sprinkler , flower garden . a kind of american dream . int - the car ~- mitch & ABBY ~ day 29 look around . Abby peer over she sunglass . ( continued ) 29 30 31 32 33 34 11/2/92 17 . continued : 29 mitch be that it ? ABBY it look ... different . ext ~ the house - day 30 quiet , landscape , flower in bloom . the car and trailer shudder to a stop . in the silence , Mitch and Abby get out , follow by hearsay . they approach the house . Mitch stop , stare off toward a dark blue mercede convertible with beige leather upholstery nestle under a carport . he go to the car and run he finger along the gleam hood . mitch Nice , huh ? ABBY ..- where 's yours ? int the house - day 31 it 's be sparsely , but very nicely furnish . a voluptuous fruit & cheese basket await they on the table beside a chill bottle of champagne . Mitch take the note from the basket . mitch it say they have take the liberty of furnish it -- temporarily -- with just a few thing . hope we do not mind . int kitchen ~ day 32 Stainless steel refrigerator and range . Polished floor . Light stream in from the window as Abby look around . ext house - backyard ~ day 33 long view across the manicure lawn as Mitch come out with hearsay , who move cautiously , curiously at first -- then bound happily around the perfect green carpet . int the house - bathroom ~- day 34 glow marble , soft towel , mirrore wall reflect Abby as Mitch come in , embrace she from behind . 35 36 37 38 39 11/2/92 18. ext ~ suburban road - mercede ~ dusk 35 racing along , window down , hearsay 's nose to the wind that tear at Abby and Mitch 's clothes . they face be happy . int bedroom - close radio alarm - dawn 36 it read 4:45 . the cheerful southern voice of the announcer come in over raucous music . Mitch bolt up , shut off the alarm . Abby moan . he stroke she forehead . mitch do not get up . ABBY ..- do nort worry . int bathroom - mitch - dawn 37 turn on the light . there 's a brand new butterleather briefcase on the counter wrap in silver ribbon . Mitch read the card : ' for you first day , and forever . always , a ~ ! beam , Mitch reach up ; take a new suit that he have place on a hanger the night before . ext bendini bldg ~ early light 38 the stone facade catch the sun 's first ray as Mitch 's mercede pull up to the parking gate . Mitch hold a plastic card out , as a guard with a clipboard step forward . mitch Mitch mcdeere , . guard tad eager , be we , Mr. mcdeere ? Mitch shrug , smile sheepishly as he pull forward . int bendini build ~ mitch - early morning 39 empty . quiet . he move slowly down the corridor , past the empty , close office . there be a open doorway halfway down the corridor next to a close one mark joseph hodge . Inside , locke and devasher be go through document in the desk and file . ( continued ) 393 40 41 11/2/32 13. continued : 39 devasher suddenly look up and see Mitch . Mitch start to smile and say something , but devasher 's blank stare stop he . for a odd moment the two man just stare at one another , then devasher use he foot toe push the door close and the floor be quiet again . the name on the door be martin Mitch continue down the hall into the large , dark library . he find the light switch , turn they on . he 's a small figure , in the huge , elegant room , beneath the tower of book . he touch the surface of the table , place he briefcase carefully , ritualistically , on it , and sit down . int library - later . 40 lamar burst in . Mitch , at the table , be bury in volume . lamar what do you think you be do ? dutch say you have be here since 6:30 . mitch think I have jump start the bar exam work -- lamar good . wo associate have ever fail the bar exam . come on . int 2d floor hallway - lamar and mitch - day 4i arrive lawyer and secretary interrupt the follow : lamar you will have you hand full between the bar exam and you mentor . {at Mitch 's look ) one of the partner be assign to each new associate to act as a mentor ... yours be avery tolar . mitch '' + + yeah ? lamar ( carefully ) he 's the youngest partner . into high risk tax shelter ... take a lot of chance . shoot first - fight with the IRS later . ( continued ) 11/2/32 41 continued : mitch do he win ? lamar almost invariably ~- say hello to you secretary . close on a heavyset woman in she late 40' . woman - Nina huff -- you ' will want to start study immediately . no associate have ever fail the bar exam -~ now what 's you wife 's name and how do you like you coffee ? 42 int mitch office - close attorney - day he hand Mitch a huge 3 - ring binder . attorney wally Hudson , contract . here to help with the bar exam - mitch thanks wally . wally no associate in the history of the firm have ever fail the bar exam -- mitch no kid . 43 int mitch office - close randall dunbar - day another attorney . another huge 3 - ring notebook . randall ~- first day 's a four hour multiple choice on ethic . look at the first six chapter , I will see you Wednesday 9:45 . no associate in the firm have ever - 44 int mitch 's office ~- a third attorney ~ day attorney # 3 ~~domestic relation -~ 4s 46 47 48 11/2/92 21 , int mitch 's office - a FOURTH attorney ~ day 45 attorney # 4 n-will , estate -- int mitch 's office ~ close mitch - day 46 buried in book . he glance up , flinch , prepare to have another book hurl at he . instead the man in the doorway , merely stare , amused , Conservative armani and briefcase , but even at a glance there 's a air about he that suggest something reckless . mitch I be sorry , can I help you ? avery I think I be here to help you , actually . I be avery tolar , you designate mentor . let 's go to lunch . mitch lunch ? but it 's -- avery not even noon . yes , I know . ( amused reassurance ) it ?ll be a work lunch . int reception area ~ the firm - omit 47 ext court square park - day : 48 avery and Mitch walk through the peaceful park . people sit on bench read newspaper , eat brown - bag lunch . avery promotion , xaise , bonuse , survival , eyerything depend on billing . you bill a client a hour for any fraction of a hour you spend think about he . mitch no half hour ? avery you just give we the time sheet , the office manager 's 1l worry about the billing . ( continued ) 48 4g 11/2/92 22. continued : 48 avery 's pull a handful of peanut from he tailore suit pocket and be feed the pigeon . avery ( cont 's D ) my particular field be -~ mitch -- form limited partnership through offshore corporation , mainly in the Cayman Islands . avery ..- good . I want you to review the last deal I make for one of we client , sonny capp . he earn over 14 million last year , pay less than six - hundred thousand in tax and feel ~- quite resentful . but he pay we over half 2a million in fee and I do not want to lose he . take a look at we offshore cpinion letter and see if you can come up with anything . mitch what do you mean by ' anything 's ? avery I be not talk about break the law . mitch ( beat ) sure . but you be the risk - taker , how far you want it bent ? avery as far as you can without break it . int manhattan club ~ day 49 plush , low -key , few customer this early , but this there look prominent . in foreground , a matire d' be seating Mitch and avery at a prominent table . a waiter hover just out of earshot . avery something before lunch ? I should warn you the firm frown on drink during office hour . ( continued ) 49 50 $ 1 11/2/92 23. continued : 49 waiter yes , gentleman ? mitch iced tea , please . avery bombay martini on the rock , Ellis , three olive . {to Mitch ) I be allow a few minor rebellion . int mcdeere home ~ day 50 telephone and tv installer be drilling and lay phone and cable line . Men from a security system be place control ] box into the wall . two man be unrol a large rug . Kay quinn be try to help Abby place tv 's , outlet , etc . hearsay be bark at all the stranger . ABBY Kay , please , I have never have so many people try to do thing for I . kay it 's the South , Abby . ABBY that 's no excuse . workman would you like you phone program for speed dial , mar ' be ? ABBY oh , well , other than my husband 's office number -~ let 's see it 's -- 2d workman we have it , Mrs. mcdeere . we do the installation for the firm , int - manhattan club - avery & mitch 52 remains of lunch . avery finish he drink . ( continued ) '' 1 11/2/92 continued : 24 . 51 avery what lead you to law school ? mitch ++ I can not remember really - ~ avery sure you can , counselor . mitch -». I be a delivery bey for a pizza parlor . one day the owner get a notice from the IRS . he be a immigrant , do not know much English , even less about withhold tax . he go bankrupt , lose he store . that be the first time I think about be a lawyer . avery . in other word you be a idealist . mitch I do not know any tax lawyer who 's a idealist . when he lose he store I lose my job . it scared I . avery wait for more . instead : mitch ( cont ‘d ) what about you ? what make you go to law school ? avery I do not think I can remember that far back . mitch sure you can , counselor avery ( amused at Mitch ) -' I use to caddy for young lawyer -- off from work on weekday -- and they wife . I would look at that iong , tan leg , and I just know I have to be a lawyer . ( beat ) the wife have long tan leg too , ( to waiter ) Ellis ? another martini please . ( more ) ( continued ) $ 1 52 53 11/2/32 25 . continued : ( 2 ) 51 avery ( cont would ) ( then ) I have get to get you to my tailor , ext quinn home ~ chickasaw garden - dusk 52 Mitch & Abby 's mercede arrive and Mitch help Abby out of the car . as they walk up to the house . ABBY ~- but what he 's really say be that they want to try I out by let I substitute first for a few day to see how I do . at the doorway , Mitch check he watch . the front door open , and a unsmile maid usher they in quietly . int quinn home - dusk 53 the house be dark and quiet as the subdued maid lead Mitch and Abby to the live room . maid ifill let Mrs. quinn know you be here . she leave . Mitch and Abby look at each other curiously . ABBY you sure it 's tonight ? at that moment Kay quinn walk in . her eye be puffy and she hold a handkerchief over she mouth . ABBY Kay ...? kay ( fight tear ) there 's be . , . marty kozinski and Joe Hodge be kill . we just get word twenty minute ago ... do you meet they at the barbecue ? mitch what happen Kay ? ( continued ) 53 54 55 11/2/92 26 . continued : 53 kay ( shaking ) we be not sure . they be diving off Grand Cayman . there be some kind of explosion on the boat ... ext backyard = quinn home - dusk 54 lamar sit in a white deck chair near the pool . a rainbird arc back and forth hypnotically . Mitch move past 4 barbecue , its coal die , and across the yard to lamar . a unopen Heineken sit on the deck beside he . lamar 's slack be soak . the spray from the rainbird rhythmicaliy * splat 's over he lower leg , he shoe , and the unopen bottle . he seem unaware of it . a silence . then : mitch «+ . lamar ? lamar marty be ... he twin girl be a month older than we son ... mitch I be very sorry lamar . another silence . lamar stare into the distance . lamar oh ... Oliver want I to tell you - that ... you should not be burden with a student loan . mitch -~ Excuse I ? lamar if you bring the papers in tomorrow ~- the firm will repay it for you . Mitch stare at lamar 's leg where the rainbird continue to drench it . ext / int - mercede ~ mitch & ABBY ~ night 55 they drive in silence a moment . ( continued ) 55 56 11/2/92 27 . continued : 55 ABBY Kay be scared . mitch what ?... she be upset . ABBY there 's a difference between be upset and be scared . mitch come on ... do you know she that well ? Abby shiver , put she arm around Mitch 's neck , lay she head back on the seat . ABBY maybe not . {beat ) but I have spend a lot of time with she . ( beat ) they have they own quarter horse . ( beat ) two of they . silence . mitch do that make half a horse ? a beat . then they get hysterical . they can not stop laugh . ABBY ( gasp ) we be bad ... ext cemetery - close coffin - day 56 it 's shiny surface reflect the sky . the voice of a Minister dron the final word of the service cross fade with Mitch and Abby 's laughter . angle shift to see avery look at Abby . Abby glance up and catch he look . she look back toward the minister . s7 58 11/2/92 28. ext cemetery - high angle ~ day 57 as the crowd disperse Oliver walk over , put he arm paternally around Mitch . avery move up alongside Abby and extend a hand toward she . avery Mrs. mcdeere , I be avery tolar . ABBY ah ... you be the reason I see so little of my husband this day . avery I be look at you and think .... you husband be the most discipline man I have ever meet . ABBY he always have be . avery no .. I mean , somehow he manage to leave you and go to a office she look at he a moment . ABBY I be sure you could manage it . a colleague pull he off . she move forward , catch up to Mitch as Oliver move off with mcknight . mitch what be avery talk about ? ABBY .+.. he be compliment you . she kiss he , move off toward Kay . in the bg , the gravediggers move forward and begin to dismantle the funeral bier . montage - day 58 a . Mitch 's office : a exquisite cherrywood desk be put in place . B. School classroom . Abby write on the blackboard , '' my mame be abigail mcdeere . '' ( continued ) 58 59 11/2/92 23 , continued : 58 cc. Mitch 's office . a early american painting be carefully hang on the wall . D. Mitch 's face watch luxurious item put in place in the office . E. tailor shop . through the window we see Mitch be fitte in new clothes . avery , arm fold , watch , F . the firm . Mitch at the huge library table , pour over various volume . G. mcdeere House . Abby , propped up in bed alone , grade papers . H. i for as he run they along the lead pane of a impose breakfront . for ~- transformed . Oliver beam at Mitch , '' pehind he exquisite desk , in he perfect office . K. mecdeere house . night . Mitch rush in , look for Abby . hearsay come bound up , jump on Mitch . Mitch notice a note wrap around he collar . he unroll it . we see it read : give up waiting . share BOWL of kibble with bearer of note . you first wife ~- ABBY . int the firm ~ mitch 's office - day . 59 Mitch be bury in book when avery , very up , good spirit , appear at the door . avery Hell of a proposal kiddo . just redraft the section on repatriation of offshore fund and get it back to I tomorrow . mitch avery , I need another week . avery can not have it , pal - you and I be fly to the cayman tomorrow morning to take on Mr. capp personally . be start away . Mitch be exasperate . ( continued ) 59 60 61 62 63 11/2/92 30 . continued : 59 mitch but the bar exam ! int mcdeere house - kitchen - ABBY ~ night 60 phone to she ear . the table be set for dinner , food be cooking on the stove , candle wait to be light . she hang up the phone -- blow out the candle , pour herself a glass of wine . int mitch 's office ~ night 61 Mitch at he computer . his desk be a mess . pile of the 3 - ring binder , yellow pad , and folder of the capp file . the b.ls« luopinion letter be feature . Nina stick she head in . nina shall I stay , Mr. mcdeere ? would you like I to pick you up a sandwich ? mitch what ?...oh , no , Nina , thanks , go on home . ext doe 's steak place - beale STREET - night 62 gaudy neon shine through the slatted window . Inside we see Mitch at a formica table , book open , scribbling on a legal pad . the place be empty except for two man sit at a table adjacent to Mitch . a clock con the wall say 11:00 . int doe's place - mitch ~ nigat 63 without look he reach for he coffee . a voice what 's good here ? Mitch look up . a tall man ( tarrance ) in he thirty sit at the next table with a short well built black man ( richie ) . Mitch look back to he work . mitch I be just have coffee . tarrance I be go with the steak sandwich . {continued} ~~ 63 11/2/32 continued : richie ( call ) two steak sandwich - rye , here . tarrance you with bendini , lambert and locke ? mitch yeah how have you ~- 31 . 63 the tall man point to one of the law book with the firm name clearly visible . Mitch laugh , sheepish . mitch ( cont ’d ) sorry , I be just - richie look like they 's be work you to death . mitch {a little punchy ) they do that with new associate , I quess . I have just be with they -~ tarrance ~- eight week . this bring Mitch up short . mitch look guy , I be a little dopey - richie that firm look like a health hazard ~- tarrance hour they make you keep . richie kind of work they make you do . tarrance {to he partner ) -- kozinski and Hodge . richie ~- Bob lamm and Alice krauss -- tarrance that 's four dead lawyer out of thirty - one in less then ten year . ( continued ) 63 64 65 11/2/92 32 . continued : ( 2 ) 63 richie ~- and none of they over the age of forty - five . knock the bejeezus out of any life insurance table I ever hear about . mitch «.. who be you guy ? waiter arrive with the sandwich . the tall man look up : tarrance could we have ‘em to go ? waiter now you tell I ? he go . tarrance we will probably see each other again . they rise and go out of shot . Mitch be very still . int mitch 's office - night 64 Mitch move to he desk , open the capp folder , but he 's too preoccupy to concentrate . he get up . int the firm ~ library - night 65 dim light spilling from the hall half - illuminate a portrait of ROBERT lamm , the Gates 1939 - 1982 below it . camera pan to a portrait of the one woman , alice krauss . the camera reveal Mitch stare at the portrait . he move farther down the wall and stop before the portrait of Joe Hodge and marty kozinski . he stare at the current date . a voice what be you do ? Mitch turn sharply . locke stand in the dark doorway . mitch I do not know , I be ... well , between mr.tolar and the bar exam , anything 's a diversion right now , even tragedy -- you be Mr. locke . ( continued ) 65 66 67 68 11/2/92 33. continued : 65 locke what will be a real tragedy be if you do not pass the bar exam . mitch yes sir . locke you be a good boy . I hope you will be with the firm for a long , long time . go back to work or get some sleep . mitch yes sir , thank you . int mitch 's office ~- close computer screen - night 66 Mitch access lexis / nexis -- go through | the modification -- don available ! and punch in then he punch in ' Robert lamm , still no information , then he go through the modification and punch in the name Martin kozinski and the lexis / nexis phonenet pull up the story : v si : detail be sketchy but first report indicate that Martin kozinski , 39 , and Joseph Hodge , 41 , be victim of a unexplain explosion , while scuba diving off a boat charter from the abank dive Lodge , Grand Cayman . the body of the dive captain , Larry abank , be not recover . camera push to '' abank dive lodge , boddentown , Grand Cayman . '' it 's where Mitch know he 's go tomorrow . ext bendini build - parking lot ~ night 67 empty except for the dark blue mercede . int mitch 's office - mitch ~ night 68 look haggard and unshaven , he finish draft the last paragraph of the agreement . he get up , stretch , move to the window . 69 70 11/2/92 34 . int / to ext ~ mitch 's Pov - dawn 69 the first crack of light visible on the horizon . pull back to include Mitch as he whirl , look at the time . mitch shit !... shit ! he grab he jacket , gather he thing , place he papers on Nina 's desk and take off like a marathon runner . int mcdeere house ~- dawn 70 the table still set for dinner . the two unlit candle . Abby in she robe sit on a chaise idly stroking hearsay . she do not look up as Mitch come in , one hand behind he back . he look down at she a moment . then : mitch -.. car would not start . ( silence ) I get catch in this incredible accident . 12 car . maybe 13. {silence ) there be a pregnant woman in one of they . I have to help deliver the baby . {silence } why do you think I be work like this ? I want you to have -- for the first time Abby turn and look at he . ABBY wait a minute , wait a minute , I never ask for a thing , Mitch , except for we to be together . mitch -- but I want you to have all the stuff you give up to marry -- ABBY -- stop it ! you do not have to keep win I Mitch , you win I ! without a dime -- nsoften } it 's sweet , I know , it 's some kind of courtship , but it 's ... I do not need all that . ( finally ) just bring I flower sometime ! ( continued ) 79 71 11/2/92 38. continued : 70 Mitch 's arm be a blur as he whip a bouquet of wildflower from behind he back . mitch the market be just open . she take the flower . Mitch kneel down beside she . ABBY what be you work on all night ? mitch ( conflict ) just ... it 's ... this stuff avery 's get I do for the Cayman trip ~- hey , want to have some egg ? ABBY I have some egg . mitch want to have some naked ? ABBY you do not even know what move I about you , do you ? I know what you want . but it 's not for I . it 's not even for you . mitch ».. it 's easy for somebody rich to talk about be poor as if it 's just -- ABBY this be not about rich or poor . this be about you try to fix something that will not get fix with 10 mercede . this be about a mother in a trailer park ... and a brother in jail you pretend you do not have . ( she move away ) have a nice trip . ext cayman island - underwater ~ day 71 approach the shipwreck oro verde . a school of horse -eye jack swim curiously past camera . finger of beautifully color coral lie against the ship . ( continued ) 71 72 73 74 11/2/92 36 . continued : n avery 's voice just follow I and do not overbreathe . mitch 's voice what about sonny capp ? be not we be under pressure to get -- avery voice we be under tremendous pressure ~- if we do not get this dive in before the bank , we can not do it . you can not dive and then fly within 24 hour . the figure of avery and Mitch drift slowly into shot . they wear alr tank and scuba gear . ext cayman island - very high angle - day 72 a taxi weave through the crowded street , past bank from all over the world . : avery voice ( cont 'd ) blackbeard bury treasure in cave just east of here -- ext ~ bank build - day 73 elegant . avery voice ( cont ’d ) ~- today all the good pirate have cave in town to hide they tax ~ free loot . int bank office - mitch & avery ~ day 74 Glass partition . out on the floor row of glow computer screen . Mitch and avery go over file . randolph osgood , crisp , british , enter hastily . he sit behind he desk , try to catch he breath . osgood avery , I ... I can not allow you to access the sonny capp account . ( hand back paper ) you power of attorney have be rescind , I be afraid . ( continued ) 74 75 76 11/2/92 37 . continued : / 74 avery ( incredulous ) by whom ? osgood Mr. capp . this morning . ext seven mile beach - georgetown - day 75 avery , some distance away be on a public phone . we do not hear he , but it 's obvious that he 's angry . camera shift to see Mitch seat in the cab , uneasy . SOUND of the taxi door open . avery get in , sweat , distress . Mitch pull he door close . avery call to the driver : avery the Hyatt . ( to Mitch ) Son of a bitch pay less than five percent tax and fire we ?! int / ext hyatt regency bar ~ late afternoon 76 a elegant open -air bar . it face lush green grounds . Young , attractive american and canadian girl bring drink across the tile floor to the low glass table . avery and Mitch sit in they tie , talk to a large muscular man in expensive clothes who stare into a gigantic mai-tai . this be sonny capp . avery ( work hard ) -- this new plan be very aggressive sonny and it defer ali tax liability -- a cellular phone be bring to sonny at the table . avery ( cont 'd ) -- for many year . you would start immediately -- sonny take the call . avery wait . sonny blow a kiss into the phone , put it down on the table . sonny this tax be only defer , right ? ( continued ) 11/2/92 38. 76 continued : 76 avery make a open-handed '' what do you want '' gesture . avery the present value of the tax would be less than half the future value -- capp +«- who say ? avery well after the election -- capp -- be you tell I who 's gonna be in the White House the next four year ? that would be valuable information . capp wait , puffing on he cigar . Mitch move in . mitch Mr. tolar have a tax plan that meet you need , whoever be in the White House . capp then let he tell I . mitch he 's be try to . capp who the fuck be you , he lawyer or ming ? mitch ( calmly ) neither one . capp snuggle he chair up to Mitch 's , and very quietiy : capp then what the fuck be you do here ? avery sonny , you be not the firm 's sole concern here . we have put you in deal with other client who may be very sensitive about have they relationship expose to outside attorney . ( continued ) 11/2/92 39 . 76 continued : ( 2 ) 16 capp smile . nudge Mitch . capp hear that ? that 's a veile threat , counselor . {to avery ) if we be talk about we Chicago friend , they do not make money when you bill I , you make money when you bill I . and as long as they make money do business with I , they be not gonna give a fly fuck who do my tax ! ( to mitch} you do not know I . I be a good guy . you cost I over a million buck , I do not use you for -- avery - come on , sonny , let 's not get carry away . sonny ( rise ) what do I say ? mitch ntry to save it ) maybe it 's what you do not say . sonny what I do not say ? what do not I say ? mitch ' thank you . 's Mr. tolar hand you a schedule that virtually guarantee you zero tax with zero risk . ( pick up proposal ) the basis of you stock would be the face amount of the instailment note , but the stock would have no malue . even so , it 's deduct and offset income . you defer you tax in full even though you have a bankable lc . sonny .-- defer till when ? ( continued ) 76 11/2/92 4g . continued : ( 3 ) 76 mitch what do you care ? whenever it be -- it 's still the best interest - free loan you will ever get . sonny so the worst be I pay my tax much , ..much ... later . mitch no . the worst be next year they be go to close the loophole , change the reg , and if you have not grab this proposal , you be go to feel like you be fuck with a dick big enough for a elephant to feel it . sonny ( beat , not the least offended ) «.- you know that for a fact ? mitch yeah . then sonny sit back , point to Mitch and turn to avery . sonny see what you do you miserable son of a bitch ! you almost get I in trouble with my lawyer . ext the firm 's condo - day 77 Mitch and avery approach side by side condo . they bag be sling over they shoulder . avery ( in good spirit ) you like the word protégé ? I never have one . you ever be one ? ( be ; condo ) I be a you be B. avery open '' a '' and fumble with the key ring . mitch ( quietly ) avery , who 's in Chicago ? avery can not get the '' B '' key off the key ring . ( continued ) 77 78 79 80 11/2/92 41 . continued : 7 avery we will get to all that . ( hand Mitch the entire key ring ) Hell with it ! clean up and come on over . you earn a good dinner and a night out . int mitch 's condo - day 78 a gorgeous view of sugary beach and blue sea . Mitch come in , start toward the couch . but then he stop in the middle of the room , drop he bag ... and stand very still . int avery condo ~ day 73 twin of the other , but more luxurious . the SOUND of a door open . avery voice Mitch ? Mitch come into shot . he 's freshly shower , wear short and a simple short sleeve shirt . mitch yeah . int upstair bath - avery condo 80 avery be shave in a lush bathroom open to a bedroom which command a view of the beach as well . he have a beer go on the sink edge and be in excellent spirit . avery grab yourself a Red stripe from the fridge , I be a little slow . mitch 's voice -»- take you time . avery try to look as pretty as you , which I be convinced I can ! it just take I a little longer . mitch '’s voice ..- anything to munch on ? ( continued ) 80 81 82 83 11/2/92 42. continued : 80 avery there 's a thing full of stuff by the fridge , use the little key on the chain . int condo kitchen - mitch 81 in front of the open refrigerator . he take a beer . the open door conceal the pantry from Mitch . the only doorway visible to he be on the other side of the refrigerator . he close the fridge and move to it . it do not have a knob . only a iock with the brand name univac . Mitch check the key chain , find the univac key , insert it in the lock . int condo bath ~ avery 82 hum away , patting he face with cologne . avery see it ? mitch 's S voice yeah , sure . int condo kitchen / pantry - mitch 83 on the CUT , light come on . a small room , fill with cardboard filing box . '' they be all label ' moroco Ltd . chicago '. avery voice find something ? mitch yeah ... Mitch look behind he through the open door , then chance it . he go to the box , pull the lid off one . mitch listen ... capp say a couple of thing ~ - in the box be bendini , lambert & locke client 's tax file . the client 's name be designate moco . avery 's voice capp be a tough guy , but he 's also a blowhard . he love to give the impression he 's ' connect 's , think it 's glamorous . ( continued ) 83 84 85 be 87 11/2/92 43. continued : 83 mitch that 's all ...? the attorney 's name who prepare the file be : krauss , alice . int condo bedroom - avery 84 carefully dress . avery Hay , you be about to take the bar exam , here 's a multiple choice : '' the difference between tax and tax evasion be ' a 's whatever the IRS say ~- int kitchen / pantry - mitch 85 he 's at the second box . same client , but the attorney 's name be kozinski , martin . . avery voice ( cont ’d ) -- ‘bf a smart lawyer , ‘c 's ten year in prison , no 's all of the above . int condo bedroom - avery 86 finishes dress , amused at he own joke . avery ( cont ’d ) be a tax lawyer 's get nothing to do with the law . it 's a game . int condo kitchen / pantry - mitch 87 he 's replace the box and be on the way out when he knock over he beer bottle . frozen , he watch the beer spilling . avery voice ( cont ’d ) we teach the rich how to play it so they can stay rich -~ and the IRS keep change the rule so we can keep get rich teach they . Mitch hear avery 's footstep . he quickly exit , close and lock the door . avery appear around the corner hold he beer . Mitch hand he the key . ( continued ) 87 88 11/2/92 44 , continued : 87 avery ( cont ’d ) w> it 's a game . and you just play it very , very well - where 's you beer ? close on the small rivulet of beer ooze out from under the door along the tile . mitch 's voice I decide to wait for the rum . 1f hear it 's good down here . feature avery , smile , as he put he arm around Mitch and i foil - into Mitch 's pocket . avery everything 's good down here , and you deserve a taste of all of it . ext - holiday inn rear patio - night 88 a band fill the open-air bar with its good - nature beat . a party crowd spill everywhere -~ table , bar area , dance floor . the attire be varied , from business suit to bikinis . lot of expose flesh and force gaiety . loud . around the pool , pile of food spread out on fold table . grill grouper , barbecue shark , pompano , fry shrimp , turtle and oyster , lobster and red snapper . on the dance floor avery , arm outspread , dance with abandon . his partner , carrie , a buxom blonde , short hair and long tan leg try good - naturedly to keep up . away from the dance floor , at a table close to the beach , a unsmile Mitch sit drink rum with carrie 's friend , julie , a very pretty brunette in jeans and bathing suit top . she 's a little load . her breast be press against he arm as she lean in talk earnestly , incessantly . mitch ( quietly ) look , I do not mean to hurt you feeling but this be not go to happen ... would you tell my friend that I be go back to the hotel . she stare at he a moment . her eye grow cold . Mitch reach across the table and pick up avery 's rum as he stand . julie you do not know what you be miss . ( continued ) 88 89 96 91 11/2/92 45 . continued : 88 mitch +.. thanks anyway . he walk out onto the dark beach , carry the drink . ext seven mile beach ~ mitch - night . 89 troubled and thoughtful as he walk the desert beach . faint strain of music drift from the beach bar . he pass a occasional beach chair , a abandon beach towel , as he move along the light surf . he slow . something ahead catch he attention . ext beach - mitch 's Pov - night 90 in the distance two ghostly figure seem to be struggle at the water 's edge . it 's almost in slow motion and the wind carry a eerie sound , halfway between a high whistle and a human cry . Mitch enter shot slowly , then pick up he pace . the struggle seem to continue as he get closer . one of the figure , clearly a woman , fall and we hear she cry out , but the cry be mute by the wind and the surf . the man pick she up and shake she like a rag doll . ext beach - another angle 91 suddenly the man stop struggle and look . we can not make out he face , but he clearly stare at Mitch , who stop , stand still , return the stare through the darkness . the man let go of the girl and bolt off the beach and up through the grounds of one of the condo . the woman try to move away , but be obviously hurt . she stumble , then fall to the sand with a sharp intake of breath . Mitch approach cautiously . mitch you all right ? no answer . she get up and try to take a step , but fall forward onto she knee in the sand . he kneel beside she and try to ease she over onto she back . mitch ~- let I take a look . ( continued ) 91 11/2/92 46 . continued : 91 young woman ~~ you be not a doctor . mitch no , but I have sprain a lot of ankle . mostly mine . she pull the long dark hair away from she face and look directly at he . she 's in she early 20 , exotic , and so strikingly beautiful it literally set Mitch back on he heel . he recover , see a abandon beach towel nearby , retrieve it and tear it into two piece . then he kneel and begin to bind she ankle . mitch you should ice this . she be still , except for the sound of she breathe . mitch ( cont ‘d ) you should also report that guy . she look away , shake she head slightly . mitch ( cont 'd ) oh .... that be you boyfriend . she continue look away . young woman that be ... for money . Mitch freeze , mitch ».eahhh .... he stop bandage , sit back onto the sand . the Young woman look back directly at he . young woman ..- be not you go to finish ? mitch +. esorry . he slowly resume wrapping she ankle in silence . young woman you think that 's -- mitch -- get nothing to do with I . ( continued ) $ 1 11/2/92 47 . continued : ( 2 ) 31 young woman ( quietly } I work in a travel agency ... I want to feel like ... all that people with first class ticket +.- and pretty clothes ... he offer I a lot of money . more than I could ever ... I guess I want to feel ... rich . mitch ».». how much would it take to feel rich ? young woman how much do it take to feel .. , safe ? he stare at she in the darkness . young woman you do that ... you make I feel safe , his hand rest on she ankle where he 's finish wrapping it . she look up at he ... then take he hand ... and bring it up to she mouth where she kiss it . mitch ( softly ) ..- hey ... she place he hand on she breast , run he index finger around she nipple . he start to pull back . she inhale quickly , pull he hand up , bite he finger . then she move he hand back to she breast . young woman ... can you stay with I for awhile ? he start to speak . do not . she guide he hand to she top button . she feel Mitch 's hand flutter , as she guide he through unbuttone it . she move he hand down . her shoulder and stomach be expose . the single remain button at she breast bone hold the biouse tautly over she nipple and lower breast . he look out toward the water , eye close , then lock back down at she . his hand be freeze over the last button . ( continued ) 11/2/32 48. 91 continued : ( 3 ) $ 1 she pull Mitch forward over on top of she . in the distance the SOUND of a phone ringing . 32 int avery 's condo ~ avery ~ night 92 the bed 's a mess . avery pick up the phone . ABBY 's voice be Mitch mcdeere there ? this be -- avery ~- Abby ? 93 int mcdeere bedroom memphis - ABBY - night : 93 she 's on top of the cover , in a nightslip , under a soft light . avery voice it 's avery tolar . ABBY oh , I do not mean to bother you , I be look for Mitch , they must have transfer I to you ~~ intercut avery and ABBY as require . avery ~-he 's probably walk on the beach , what time be it ? ABBY ( disappointed ) it 's late . I be sorry . avery no do not be . a awkward silence . then : ABBY well , please tell Mitch I call . goodnight . avery it 's always a pleasure to talk to you Abby , good night . he hang up , look off , where a nude juiie be outline in the doorway carry a tray with beer and cold cut . 94 95 96 97 11/2/92 43 , ext - sunrise over the island ~ dawn 34 cluster of billow cloud reflect the splinter ray of the sun 's first light . ext / int - taxi ~ mitch + early morning 95 drive by a woman with dreadlock . a disturb Mitch check he watch , ext - long lens - morning 96 a sign : abank dive lodge . camera adjust to see two distant figure at the end of a dock : Mitch , in conversation with barry abank , black , late 50 's , wiry , in short and baseball cap . it 's clear they be talk , but abank seem unresponsive , angry , continually turn away , load air tank aboard a seaplane at the edge of the dock . ext - dock - closer 97 on the cut : abank whirl on Mitch , angry and clearly upset . abank T lose my son ! do not you think I would have scream bloody murder if I think something be wrong !? mitch ( miserable ) ~- I be sorry , you be right I be sorry , I be sorry -- abank have turn back angrily move the air tank . abank nothin 's to bury even ! just a stone ! they never do find he ! or the other two . Mitch stand very , very still . mitch --- what other two ? abank ( he back to Mitch ) the other two who split the charter . you friend -- and two other guy . ( continued ) 11/2/92 50 . 97 continued : 97 mitch ( press } ..- lawyer ...? abank they be in swim suit ! they pay cash . mitch be they american ? abank coulda 's be anything . one be dark , I do not know , squat , heavy , other guy have blonde hair -- almost white -- cut straight across like a fuckin helmet . hold on Mitch . SOUND of jet engine . 98 int cayman AIR ~ mitch & avery ~ day 98 Mitch , confuse , guilty , agitate , stare out the window . a hungover avery watch he a moment . avery why do not you take the afternoon off - you deserve it - spend it with that pretty wife of -- oh shit , I almost - ~ she phone last night . mitch 's + what would you tell she ? avery that you be probably walk on the beach . mitch I be . avery nspread he arm ) .-- then I guess right . 99 int ~ rental car counter ~ airport - day $ 9 the uniform clerk imprint a credit card . across from the counter , Mitch wait , glance quickly around the terminal . 100 101 11/2/92 sl . ext - hernando do soto bridge - day 100 Mitch 's non-descript rental car overtake the other traffic as he speed across the Mississippi into Arkansas . int - arkansas prison - day 101 on the CUT : a mesh door swing open . a slender dark man in he late thirty walk toward we . he stop , stare off : behind a wire visitor screen sit Mitch . he look at he brother , ray for a long moment . ray well , well , the man from gentleman 's quarterly . mitch -.- get outta here . ray show I how . mitch ( smile guiltily ) how you doin 's Ray ? ray pretty fair , how 's yourself ? beat . then , in the awkwardness : mitch Long time , huh . ray that 's ok , I have become a patient man . he see Mitch 's agony . ray do not beat yourself up , kid . if I be not here , I would not want to be here either . Mitch be touch by he brother 's understanding . a smile between they . Ray move to the table , sit . ray you talk to ma ? mitch she call a few month ago . ( continued ) 11/2/92 102 continued : a silence $ 2 . 101 ray load , right ? {it need no answer} still with the same guy ? mitch they be all the same guy . between they . then : ray last time you write you be go to take a job -- maybe on Wall Street . mitch I do not , though , I ... do not. ( quietly ) hey , Ray ... would not it be funny if I go to Harvard and you go to jail , and we both end up surround by crook ? 102 int oliver' office - the firm ~- day 102 Oliver and devasher listen to avery . avery -~ and mcdeere be dazzle . I think we ought to pull lamar out of the Washington seminar and send Mitch instead , oliver let 's let he take the learjet . I know he have be sharp . ( to devasher ) any problem with that , Bill ? devasher not really ... so far he 's behave quite predictably . 103 int arkansas prison - mitch & ray - day 103 mitch «.- s0 close , like I could have it all ... everything , and then .... shit ! ray what do Abby think ? {continued } 11/2/92 103 continued : mitch I have not tell she . ( at Ray 's look ) -.. I guess I do not want it to be real , nothing be real until I tell it to Abby . ( then ) she always think the setup be weird . ray that 's my Abby . how be she ? Mitch 's expression cloud over . mitch great ... ( suddenly ) I sleep with someone else . ( then ) tt ... last night . I know it happen ... I know how it happen ... and I still can not believe I do it ... you and Abby . ~ that 's my family . I have ignore you and screw around on she . I gotta tell she . ray do you ? there 's a couple of school of think on that . for one thing , you guilt 's not she problem . be not thing confuse enough ? Mitch look up at he a beat . ray ( cont ’d ) how have you ever land the job with a brother in the joint ? mitch ( face it ) I tell they we lose touch . year ago . ray ~-- 50 we do . a moment between they . then : ( continued ) 53 . 103 103 104 165 11/2/92 54 . continued : ( 2 ) 103 ray ( cont ’d ) I want you to see a friend . hts name be Eddie lomax . he 's a pi in Little rock , ex-cop . Mitch nod gratefully . mitch anything I can do for you ? ray sure . get I outta here ... mitch .».. where to ? ray anywhere I can see a lotta sky . I get through the day ... I even eat the food . but it 's amazing how much you miss the sky . ext - little rock - business district ~ late day 104 sunset just beginning to paint itself over rundown three and four story building . a few light come on . letter on a 2 have story window : E. lomax , private investigator . in smaller letter : divorce , miss person . license , bond , insure . int - lomax outer ofc - tammy hemphill ~- late day 105 platinum blonde , shapely , constrict leather skirt and match black boot . she puff deeply on she 120 mm cigarette , mark by pink lipstick . she 's prepare to boil water with a submersible heating - coil . a unintelligible voice filter out from inside . tammy ever plug one of this in only you forget to put water in ...? a preoccupy Mitch pace through cloud of smoke . mitch what happen ? ( continued ) 105 106 11/2/82 55 . continued : 105 tammy the light go out ! ( then ) he 's be dyin’ the see you since you call . a shout from the other room : voice tammy ! tammy ( roll she eye ) Mr. lomax will see you now ... int ~ lomax inner office - late day 106 bare except for a desk and a couple of chair . no filing cabinet . lomax in Levis and lizard skin boot rise and come toward Mitch with great enthusiasm , hand outstretch . lomax Mitchell mcdeere ! Jesus Christ I practically go through law school with you . he pump Mitch 's hand energetically . guide he to a chair . lomax ( cont 's D ) Ray talk about you every goddam day for three year . I be he cellmate -~ he musta tell you -- he tell you by the way it be ‘y rape ? she be 17 look 25 and I get one to four . sit , sit , sit . tammy enter , bellow smoke , with two cup of instant coffee . lomax ( cont 's D ) sweet and low ? equal ? any of this shit ? sugar ? mitch I ... come on business , Eddie . lomax good ... I owe you brother my life . tammy I be leave . she shut the door . ( continued ) 106 107 108 11/2/92 56 . continued : 106 lomax terrific secretary . get a real character for a husband . truck driver . move here to be close to graceland because he think he 's elvis . guess what he name be -- elvis . elvis Aaron hemphill . I tell you , the thing I run across in this job you would not spray - paint on a overpass -- now what can I do for you ? int the firm ~ lobby ~ late day 107 Abby sit in fg , flipping through a magazine at the reception couch . behind she , avery appear on the staircase . he hesitates a moment , watch she , then come forward . ABBY avery - I keep bother you , you do not have to come down -- avery believe I , it 's no bother . ABBY I be just look for Mitch . Nina say he have not be in all afternoon . int - lomax 's ofc = dusk 108 the room be in half - shadow now . lomax shake he head . lomax I gotta be honest , this be not my area of expertise . mitch but you think it 's possible . during the follow , lomax pull a long barrel pistol out from a mount under he desk . he unload the cylinder , pocket the bullet and remount the pistol . lomax I tell you one thing , if the guy in the steak joint be fed , watch out for ‘em , they do not give a fuck about you . ( more ) ( continued ) 108 109 110 11/2/92 s?. continued : 108 lomax ( cont would ) ( be ; the pistol ) I get some very piss - off husband in here . ( then ) on the other hand , the lawyer in you firm sure as shit seem accident~prone ... ok , let I see what I can find out . mitch you have better let I call you . lomax rise , put he arm around Mitch , hug hard . lomax you look so much like you brother . Mitch turn to face lomax . mitch he come up for parole next year . he say he can last it ... what do you think ? lomax there 's guy can do all the hard time the State give ‘em . whatever Ray have , he use up to get this far . ext mcdeere house - night 109 a few window light . Mitch 's car pull into the drive . int mcdeere house ~ night 110 Mitch enter , opera music ~~ the Magic flute be play . ee move to the kitchen . Abby mix some kibble , set the bowl down and sit on she heel patting heresay . Mitch watch she carefully . mitch ri. ABBY +. hl. mitch I do not think you be home . ( continued ) 110 11/2/92 sa. continued : 110 ABBY why not ? mitch no car . ABBY I take it in for service . ( beat ) avery bring I home ... Mitch look at she sharply : ABBY ( cont 'd ) I go to the office look for you . mitch ( feel he way ) »-. T be not there . ABBY apparently not . I even look under you desk . she go to the sink to rinse off she hand . mitch +.- I go -- ABBY ~~ avery tell I : you be at MSU , at the law library . mitch ..- avery do ? ABBY avery do . ( then ) but when I happen to spot you car in the lot it make he kind of edgy . mitch '' avery do not exactly know where I be . ABBY ( nod ) ah ... probably think you be out with another woman , she turn . they hold each other 's gaze . then abruptly : ( continued ) 110 11/2/92 53. continued : ( 2 ) 110 mitch I go to see Ray . she 's totally unprepare for this . she wait . ABBY Ray ...? mitch yeah . ABBY ~.. just like that ... mitch you be right .. I have be stupid . I just get off the plane and know I have to see Ray . ABBY -.. I would 's have go with you on Saturday . mitch I know . I just ... I just do not think . she know what it must have cost he to go . and to admit it . she move to he . touches he . ABBY ( then ) -.- how would it go ? mitch he try to make it easy for I . ABBY be he ok ? mitch barely . send love . he 's gotta get that parole . he shake he head as if to clear it of the memory of Ray behind the wall , ABBY ( cont ’d} you want to try something ? let 's put the book away , pretend we be ' back in the old beat - up apartment , break , and we find money we forget , in pocket . ( more ) ( continued ) 11/2/92 60 . 110 continued : ( 3 ) 110 ABBY ( cont would ) we will send out for pizza and drink beer and watch Star search . ( then softly ) who know where it will lead ? mitch --- who know ... he 's hold she now . camera adjust to he face . lil ext MSU campus - day 111 woman ( v.0 . ) today 's question be all multiple choice . use the pencil provide only , please . 112 int student union ~ Day 112 Young man and woman poise to take the bar exam . Mitch , nervous , eager , among they . push to he . woman no interruption will be permit during the test . you may begin . 113 int lomax 's office - night 113 the phone be ringing . Eddie and tammy , fully clothed , be go at each other hot and heavy on he desk chair . tammy slide down between Eddie 's leg . her hand go to he fly . the SOUND of the outer door open . tammy you wife --! eddie she say she be go to Cleveland -- tammy she lie -- she duck under the desk . man' voice do not you answer you phone ? ( continued ) 1i3 11/2/92 61 . continued : 213 across the desk , a tall , blonde man , hair cut like a helmet : the nordic . with he a short , squat man . lomax do not you knock ? nordic where 's you secretary ? lomax out. nordic she leave a cigarette burn . lomax she do that . come back in a hour and make a appointment . nordic why bother ? we be here . lomax but I be busy . nordic do what ? lomax get my dick suck , what 's it to you . the Nordic pull a vicious look , silence gun . the bullet , nordic now this be go to turn out badly for you . but we can make it relatively painless . why be you ask question about dead lawyer ? lomax' hand reach under the desk toward he gun . with he foot , he push a horrify tammy out of the way . lomax what dead lawyer ? the next shot graze lomax 's 's ear , under the table , tammy bite hard on she hand , terrify . nordic who hire you to do that ? ( continued ) 114 115 116 117 11/2/92 62. continued : ( 2 ) 113 } 's I the + 1 I lomax ( in severe pain ) okay , okay . just let I concentrate ... he name ...was ... julio iglesias , fuck you , Jack ! a explosion as lomax fire . a huge hole 4s tear in the right side of the desk . the squat man scream as he leg be hit , and pump 3 bullet into the body of lomax . the Nordic try to stop he but be too late . lomax be dead . in the sudden silence , the Nordic turn to the bleed squat man . nordic great , just great asshole . you want to ask he a few question now ? they turn and go quickly . camera push to the front of the desk . tammy 's face be just visible press to the floor . ext WASHINGTON national airport - DC ~ day 114 the monument in bg , as aircraft land and take off . pan over to see a learjet come to a stop . its engine shut down . the door be open , Mitch de -plane and get into a wait town car . ext capitol hilton - wash DC - day 115 the car arrive and Mitch get out . int lobby of century room ~ hilton - day 116 lawyer pick up they seminar book . each one have he name as well as the firm he represent print on the cover . Mitch pick he up . he walk into the century room . int century room ~- hilton ~ day 117 congressman billing , at a podium , hold up a pamphlet . billing I think this be a carefully balanced proposal . I think it 's high - minded but I think it 's faiz - minded . ( more ) ( cont inued ) 118 11/2/92 63. continued : ll7 billing ( cont would ) in other word it 's get something to offend everyone . now if you want to follow along with I -- during above , camera find Mitch . he open he seminar book and freeze , clipped to the front page be Eddie lomax 's obituary . a tiny envelope rest in the fold . Mitch open it . a hand write note read : '' at the lunch break , buy some flower , take the Vietnam Memorial shuttle out front . it 's time to talk . '' it 's sign : W , tarrance , special agent , FBI . Mitch look up slowly . two row in front of he , and off to he leave side a man 's head turn toward he . [ it 's tarrance , ext vietnam memorial ~- day 118 Gray and chilly . Dead leave and wilted flower move in the wind before the granite structure . a solitary pilgrim in a wheelchair , quilt over he leg , aviator sunglass shield he eye solemnly contemplate the wall . Mitch move along the monument , unsure . pilgrim ( stare at wall ) put the flower down . go across the grass to the path . Mitch stare at the pilgrim a moment , then put down the flower and move on . tarrance fall in step with he . mitch who kill Eddie lomax ? silence . ahead , seat on a bench be a Middle ~ age man with a round face in a dark coat . man from doe's sit down . they both sit on the bench . the man in the dark coat move closer to Mitch , they leg almost touch . man on bench I appreciate you come . no one speak for a moment . then the man from doe 's get up and move away . ( continued ) i18 11/2/92 64 . continued : man on bench {quietly , gently ) Mr. mcdeere~-can I call you Mitch ? ( no response ) my name be voyle , Denton voyle . I be with the Department of justice . we have be -- mitch ~- what happen to Eddie lomax ? but voyle simply hold up he hand -= to silence he . voyle Mitch , we have be investigate bendini , lambert & locke for four year . ( then ) --.no lawyer have ever leave you law firm alive . Mitch be very still . voyle two try to leave ~~ they be kill . two be about to try . you know what happen . we have reason to believe you house and you car be bugge , you phone be tapped and you office be wire . they follow you and sometimes you wife . they may be here in Washington as we speak . mitch ... be you say my life be in danger ? voyle «.. I be say you life , as you know it ... be over . feature Mitch stunne , pale . voyle ( cont 's D} you law firm be the sole of the morolto crime family in Chicago . known in the tabloid as the mafia . the mob . mitch .-- I do not believe it . ( continued ) 118 11/2/92 65 . continued : ( 2 ) 118 voyle they set up legitimate business with dirty money . all cash . all move offshore ... and you do believe it , Mitch , that 's why you talk to Thomas abank in the cayman - that 's why you get this private investigator ask question that get he kill . Mitch sag forward , elbow on he knee . voyle ( cont 's D} they have get a very good front -- maybe thirty percent of they client be legitimate . they bring in a new rookie , throw money at he , buy the car , the house . after a couple of year when you kid be in private school , and you be use to the good life , they tell you the truth . Mitch begin to shiver . mitch ... you mean every partner ...? voyle every partner know . we suspect most of the associate . we do not know about the wife . mitch why do not you get indictment and bust it all up ? voyle they be lawyer . smart one and very , very careful . we have to have someone on the inside . we need copy of contract , client 's bank record , article of incorporation . mitch wait a minute , you think i'm - voyle you can say no , but we be go to break this firm ... and when that happen -- you ' will go to jail along with the rest . it will happen , son , believe I . ( continued ) 118 11/2/92 66 . continued : ( 3 ) 118 mitch ~- why can not I just leave -- voyle +- that 's what kozinski and Hodge be try to do . mitch .»- what about my wife ? can she leave ? voyle I would not advise that . you both have to behave as though everything be normal . do not talk to anyone - ~ but make a decision . if you help we , we will make it worth you while . mitch Worth my while ...? voyle you can still have a pretty good life . mitch you mean in a witness protection program ? one day I '' back out of the driveway and my car explode ! voyle that 's nonsense . you cought to get back or they 'il be suspicious . tarrance will be in touch . ke have full authority to negotiate on we behalf . ( the rise ) why do not you wander back past the memorial . another angle as Mitch walk , grimly . tarrance move up alongside . he slip a card into Mitch 's pocket . tarrance you can call anytime day or night . that 's a mobile number . ( continued ) 118 11/2/92 continued : 67 . ( 4 ) 118 mitch ~- let I get this straight : I steal file from the firm and turn they over to the FBI -- testify against my colleague and send they to jail . tarrance -- they suck you into this . mitch reveal privileged information that have violate attorney ~ client confidence - ~- get I disbarre , and then testify in open court against the mafia . tarrance ~~ well , unfortunately ~ - mitch ( stop ) let I ask you something . be you out of you fuck mind ? he turn away . tarrance ( call after he ) how long before they find out lomax be you brother 's cellmate ? Mitch turn back sharply -~ stare at tarrance . tarrance ( cont 's D} and what do you think they will do to he ? they can reach anyone inside the wall . mitch ( very quiet ) ..- what can you do ? tarrance maybe we can get he into protective isolation . and do not he parole come up in awhile . you cooperate with we , I will guarantee the parole board will be grateful . otherwise ... ou know what hearing be like ... it could go either way . Mitch stare with rage , then turm away abruptly . 119 120 121 122 11/2/92 68. ext WASHINGTON national airport ~ day 119 the roar of the twin jet engine be deafening as the lear accelerate for takeoff . int firm learjet ~ mitch - day 120 camera move slowly toward Mitch . his fist be press into he chin , he 's still . concentrate . his eye dart to the electrical connection beside the seat . then to the light fixture on the ceiling ; be there microphone anywhere ? he glance forward . his gaze meet that of the pilot , half - turn back toward he . a beat . the Pilot turn back front . int - limo - memphis ~ match CUT ~ mitch ~ day 121 he 's in the same position , very still . his eye move to the rear view mirror . the driver 's eye flick up for a moment , meet Mitch 's gaze . mitch ( abruptly ) . forget about home , driver , take I to the firm . int avery office ~ day 122 Mitch push in against the protest of avery 's secretary . avery , on the phone , look up startle . he cover the mouthpiece . avery Mitch --~ mitch -~~ I want to see everybody . right now . avery get real . I be on overseas , I get two guy on hold , and I -- Mitch lean across the desk , disconnect the call . ( continued ) 11/2/92 122 continued : mitch right now . ( then ) +.- I just have a little chat with the FBI . off avery 's look : 123 int oliver' office = group shot - day Oliver , mcknight , locke , avery , all face Mitch in after a beat ; oliver they do not try to coerce you ? mitch nope. mcknight they do not offer you money ? mitch nope. mcknight do they ask you to contact they again ? mitch ... what for ? oliver then exactly what do they want ? Mitch spread he hand , like ; '' it 's obvious . '' mitch ( quick smile ) the secret file . 69 . 122 123 silence . a beat . some smile , laughter -- except from locke . avery who have that secret file last ? you , royce ? mcknight I give they to you . more smile . ( continued } 123 11/2/92 continued : mitch 70 . «+ethey also suggest that Hodge and kozinski be murder . silence . mcknight jump up , slam the table . mcknight that 's it ! sonsofbitch ! now we ought to build a case and sue . this be pure harassment . locke that be it ? that 's everything that be say ? mitch well , as far as I can remember . it be not exactly a sequential conversation . there be a lot yell ~~ mostly by I . oliver of Mitch , we be always do battle with the government . if it be not the justice dept , it 's the IRS and you know what ? we beat they every time and they hate we for dt . they can not get to ug so they pick on somebody new . they invite you to break the law , it doesn 't cost they anything ! but it cost you everything . now I do not want you to worry about this . ( rise ) it 's get serious enough we will have to get into it legally . avery who do we bill this hour to ? mitch how about the FBI ? again some laughter - as it break up . Mitch , but as he start toward it ; locke avery hold the door for what be he name ? the special agent ? mitch «.. I think ... tarrance . 23 124 125 11/2/92 tl. ext mcdeere house ~ dusk 124 the limo drop Mitch off in front . the sprinkler be on . the SOUND of music from within : tosca . smoke from burn leave soften the light . Mitch approach he doorway , but stop . he watch Abby through the glass , stricken . she move from the stove to the refrigerator prepare dinner -- a graceful ritual that , give the music , seem almost a dance . she look up , spot Mitch . for a moment she 's startle . as though he 's a mirage . then a radiant smile . int mcdeere house - dusk 125 Mitch enter , try to smile . ABBY I can not believe that ~ -- it 's so weird - I be just think about you . somebody 's burn leave down the street , do you smell it ? and it remind I of the time we -- Mitch have put he finger to he mouth signal she to be quiet as he move to the CD player . ABBY ( cont ‘d ) if you be afraid you 's 1ll wake the kid , we do not have any . she watch puzzle as he turn tosca up loud , then he move to she , take she in he arm . his mouth be at she ear . he begin to whisper . camera tightens on she face as we watch she eye go from bewilderment , to fear , to terror as the Opera soar . hold for a beat . ext mcdeere house ~ night 126 her figure be a blur as she tear out of the house and run with all the desperation in the world . Mitch tear out after she . mitch Abby ! -~ Abby ! she run , and run , and run , until she lung be on fire . she slow . ( continued ) 126 127 11/2/92 22. continued : 126 Mitch finally overtake she . as he do she cover she ear with she hand . her breath come in huge gasp . he start to say something -- ABBY shhh ! -- do not say anything ! do not tell I anymore . , they walk . the only SOUND be she rag breath . ext a park ~ night 127 Mitch and Abby cross the grass . she drop to she knee , then sit in the grass , weak , shaking . Mitch sit beside she . ABBY ( cont ’d ) ( spend , low ) ... everything . iagl we have say or do since we move into that house -- nothing be between we ! ( shake she head ) T will not go back there ! can not we get . in we own car and drive back to Boston ? tonight ! with nothing . mitch ( in agony ) they would find we . ABBY how do you go to work tomorrow ? how do you look at avery ? what do you say ?? mitch I do not know ... I talk about work . ABBY that 's insane ! mitch T have think of everything . here , in the cayman , in Washington , that 's all I have do - try to think of a way out . if we run , n they x11 find we , and it get Ray : kill - — ( continued ) 11/2/92 73. 127 continued : 127 ABBY ~- but if you testify <- mitch -~ they say they 's 1ll protect we , they say we will be safe . ABBY ' safe ? 7 's how be that possible ? what be you go to do ? mitch go in tomorrow and start to steal file - I do not have a choice . ABBY Mitch , what be you say ? you will be revealing client 's secret - you will never be able to practice law again for the rest of you life - everything you work fort they can not ask you to do that . mitch Abby , do not -- we have to behave exactly as we have be . go to work -- and come home - - every day . the impossibility of it wash over she and she have to lie back on the grass . she stare up at the star . ABBY szechwan beef from Wong boy ... that be the last time I remember laugh . mitch ( gently ) can you handle it ? go back to the house ? with microphone ? ABBY «+ - 2 do not know , mitch .»- neither do i. ABBY 's I can not see you eye in the dark . he lean closer . she reach out , put she arm around he , they lie silently on the grass hold each other . 11/2/92 74 . 128 ext the firm - early morning 128 street desert , except for a corton truck park in the alley . dutch argue with the driver , try to get he to move it . Mitch 's car pull into the parking structure . 129 int firm ~ hallway - mitch - early morning 129 he come rapidly down the hall , check to make sure he 's alone . mitch 's office : Mitch enter and turn on the light . he go to he desk . he sort through a stack of folder ~- pick up one lable : capp / itamt : article of inc , in the hallway : he move with purpose toward the xerox machine . he check he watch , check to see that he 's alone . xerox area : he push the start button on a large machine . it come to life and a alarm goe off . Mitch almost panic . he begin to push at button . he can not stop the SOUND . suddenly lamar appear , coat on , umbrella in hand , laugh . lamar what the hell be you do ? lamar punch a code and the alarm stop . Mitch be flustered , try to make the file as inconspicuous as possible . mitch Jesus ... I be just try to make a copy of a -- lamar they just start this . you have to have the billing code for each client . mitch you mean every time I copy a piece of paper it 's record ? 130 int mitch 's office - morning 130 he 's pace . worried . he buzze Nina , speak into phone : mitch be avery in yet Nina ? 132 11/2/92 18. int avery office ~ the firm ~ day 131 avery 's at he desk , on the phone . there be a couple of diving book visible . avery come for gno night then , can not you ?... it use to be worth it .. he see Mitch , wave he in . avery ( cont 's D ) ok ... sure , maybe next time . bye , cordelia . he hang up , the smile beginning to fade . avery ( cont ! D} that be cordelia . mitch you wife . avery from the song of the same name . mitch avery , I have a couple thought about that capp lc 's . when 's the next trip ? avery ( big smile } for I ? - ~ next week . if you think I be go to let capp get another look at you , you be crazy . but write down every single think you have and 1/11 be happy to take credit . int corridor - the firm ~ day 132 Mitch , sweat , grim , move toward he office . a woman with a brown bag stand near Nina 's desk , she back to he . as Mitch approach : nina Mr. muiholland 's call twice about he bill again . mitch tell Mr. mulholland to take he bill and -~- be not he down the street ? ( continued ) 132 133 11/2/32 76 . continued : 132 nina yes . in the cotton Exchange . mitch tell he I ' 11 see he later . the woman turn around . it 's tammy . nina oh , do you order coffee and donut from the deli ? Mitch be about to say no -- but he recognize tammy . he 's throw for a moment . then : mitch yeah ... I sure do . he nod to tammy , who follow he into the office . she put she bag on he desk . he dig into he pocket , eye on she . tammy $ 4.25 -- the receipt 's in there , he hand she a ten -- she put it in she pocket . no change . tammy ( cont ! D} the receipt 's in there . she go . Mitch glance toward Nina , open the bag , find the receipt . he turn it over , read the handwrite . ext beale STREET park - day 133 homeless on bench . SOUND of night - time blue , incongruous in the daylight . a panhandler move across . mitch 's voice »..how do you see they and they do not see you ? during the above , camera slide to reveal tammy and Mitch on a bench . she hide behind a paper not look at he . he 's eat a sandwich and hold a law magazine . tammy ~- I be under the desk . ( beat ) I be vacuume the rug . you want I to draw you a diagram !? ( she eye well ) I love he , ( continued ) 133 134 11/2/92 77 , continued : 133 she shake away the tear . mitch I be sorry , tammy . tammy they want to know who hire he and why he be ask question about dead lawyer . mitch -+- you actually see they ? tammy one guy be short , look like a wrestler , other guy be blonder than I be , hair almost white ~- bang . camera have circle to end close on mitch as he hear this . tammy's voice my landlady say they come look for I yesterday . I can not go back to Little rock , I check into a Motel ' 6 's here on River Street , I do not know where else to go . ( beat ) listen , they be gonna put Eddie together with Ray - and when they do , it will lead to you ... you be in as much trouble as I be . mitcr -.et know ... I know ... and I can not even xerox a file . ext the firm ~ mitch ~ day 134 return from the park . as he cross to enter , a limo pull up , block he . devasher lean out . devasher hi there . Bill devasher , Mitch . firm security . Mitch nod . devasher remain lean out of the limo . devasher ( cont 's D ) Mr. locke and Mr. lambert be tell I about you run - in with the FBI , I wonder if we could have a little talk . ( continued ) 134 11/2/92 78. continued : 134 mitch actually I tell they everything - devasker hop on in . this will not take long . Mitch reluctantly get into the back seat . there be another passenger in the front seat who glance back . Mitch look up -- into the eye of -- the Nordic . the limo speed off . ext mud island - deserted area ~ day 135 the car come to a halt . in the silence devasher get out . Mitch follow . the Nordic remain inside . devasher go to the trunk of the limo , open it , take a briefcase . devasher ( cont ! D ) so Mitch , this be a debrief . I know what you have tell the fella , so I pretty much get the picture . now it 's my job to give you the picture . what I be concerned about , son , be this - the FBI would not have come after you if they do not think they could get to you . what do you think make they think that ? mitch I have no idea . devasher it 's my job to have a idea about that . for example , they might know how much you wife mean to you . they might use that . mitch how ? devasher avery say that last Friday you have the afternoon off and .. well , he figure you might be with another woman . mitch why would avery think -- devasher -- how do you know you be not follow ? ( continued ) 135 136 11/2/92 79 . continued : 135 devasher see a look of panic in Mitch 's face . devasher ( cont ’d ) imagine you pretty , proper little wife go to the mailbox to get she redbook and she sharper image catalogue and find this strange envelope , address to she , mark photo do not bend . from the briefcase , devasher produce just such a envelope . stamp , photo do not bend , and all . it 's seal . devasher ( cont ? D ) imagine hér open that . go ahead . Mitch open it . there be four picture . they be of Mitch and the girl_on the beach -- make love . devasher ( cont 's D ) devastate . not just screwing Mitch , but the kind of intimate act , oral and whatnot , that could be particularly hard for a trust young wife to forgive , and impossible to forget . the FBI be capable of just this sort of coercion . so watch yourself , Mitch . I ’1l1 do my best to protect you ~ and I know you will do you best to protect the firm . if the FBI so much as smile in you direction again you will let I know , will not you ? wo not you Mitch ? Mitch walk a few step , clutching the photo , then drop to he knee and vomit . int the firm - elevator - day 136 they open . a pale Mitch emerge , the envelope under he arm . at he outer office , lamar intercept he urgently . lamar where you be ? Oliver want to see you in the library . Mitch want to get rid of the envelope . mitch let I just put this stuff away . ( continued ) 136 137 11/2/92 a0 . continued ; 136 now . he 's be wait . lamar grab he and lead he to the library door . int library ~ day 137 Mitch enter . freezes . Oliver and all 31 member of the firm , stare at he . he stare back , uncomprehendingly . oliver you think you be pretty smart , do not you ? ° ( silence ) well , we have be inform there 's somebody smarter . ( then ) you do not get the high score on the bar exam , you get the second high score . they all raise champagne glass , conceal until now at they side . . group hear ! hear !! avery pour a glass for a stunne Mitch . then Abby step forward from where she have be hide . there be a tense instant between they . then she kiss he lightly on the cheek . he 's acutely aware of the envelope . ABBY congratulation . mitch they call you , uh ? avery I do . Oliver move up , put he arm around a tense Mitch . oliver well do . mitch «.. who be the guy who score high ? oliver . it be a young woman , I believe , from fayette County . ( continued ) 137 138 139 240 11/2/92 81. continued : ww mitch sure , I remember she , she have the answer write on she hand . General merriment . Abby be force to smile , but we see the tension . ext cotton exchange - day 138 distinguish . push in to the brass plate : cotton exchange . int cotton exchange - empty room - day 139 a view of the river . the rental agent finish give tammy a tour . she 's dress upscale , wear sunglass . agent the lease would he under ..? tammy greenwood secretarial service . agent and you be ...? tammy doris greenwood . they will be deliver the xerox machine tomorrow . int courtroom - close ABBY - day 140 on she face as we hear : group ( unison ) ' I will employ such mean only as be consistent with truth and honor . 's camera pan to reveal 45 young men and women , right hand raise , before a Supreme Court judge , take the oath for the Tennessee bar . judge «.. I will maintain the confidence and preserve inviolate the secret of my client . -- ( continued ) 140 141 11/2/32 82. continued : 140 group ' I will maintain the confidence and preserve inviolate the secret of my client . --' camera have tightened to Mitch . judge I will truly and honestly conduct myself in the practice of my profession to the best of my skill and ability , so help I God . int night club ~- mitch and ABBY - night 141 loud blue . what should be a celebration . plates of food , but Mitch be not eat . he hold a scroll certificate commemorate he pass the bar . mitch great ... she watch he . mitch ( cont 's D ) '' I will maintain the confidence and preserve inviolate the secret of my client '' ?? he laugh without humor , slap the scroll on the table . ABBY .«»- there 's absolutely no way to do what they want you to do without betray client ? mitch ( miserable ) no ... she take he hand . ABBY ok ... then ... I guess we be do the best we can . mitch ++. no we be not . ABBY .- what do you mean ? he stare at she a moment , agonize . then look away . ( continued ) 141 11/2/92 83 , continued : 142 mitch I can not ... I can not believe I do what I do ... her stomach go cold . ABBY «+ what ? {a breath ) what do you do ? mitch that night in the cayman , when you telephone ... ABBY you be on the beach ... mitch yeah ... and in that moment , he eye , he pain -~ she know . Abby put ABBY +» and you .....? mitch +-eyeah ... I do . she fork down slowly , carefully . she wait . ABBY who ? mitch nobody ... I do not even know , ABBY you do not know ... mitch Abby , it do not mean anything , I promise - ABBY ~ it mean everything . why would you fuck some stranger on a beach one night away from I ? who do that ?? mitcr I promise you this be not -- ( continued ) 141 142 11/2/92 84 . continued : ( 2 ) 141 ABBY -- you can not promise anything ! not ever . not anymore . there be no answer possible . he close he eye . ABBY ( quietly ) give I the key ! he signal for the waitress , but Abby can not wait . she grab the key , leave Mitch at the table , wash over by the music . int the firm ~ library - night 142 Oliver , locke , mcknight and devasher seat , as avery walk in . he look at they grave expression . avery I think there be only tya brother Grimm ... oliver sit down , avery . Anthony and joey be come down next week . avery what , because of mcdeere ? mcknight we have tell they we think he 's tell the truth , but they 's be concerned . locke they 's have be edgy since the kozinski and Hodge mess , they be concerned about the FBI 's new aggressiveness , and they be concerned we might be misread this boy . avery -~ and the morolto 's be go to what ? take over thing personally ? oliver ( to avery ) be we misread he ? before avery can answer : ( continued ) 142 143 144 11/2/92 8s . continued : 142 mcknight he lie about he brother . avery would not you lie about have a felon in the family to get this job ? devasher he ought to be keep on a short deash . avery why ? you have get nothing to be suspicious about . devasher I get pay to be suspicious when I have get nothing to be suspicious about . ext street - mitch ~ night 143 he walk aimlessly . he wander past coldly light window . past a rap~spouting beggar , a man playing saxophone for penny . past a young black kid do backward flip on the pavement near a top~hat with change in it . past the courthouse . he glance up for a moment . he walk into : int mcdeere house ~ night 144 through the kitchen window , Abby be visible , sit alone on a lawnchair , outside in the dark . Mitch move to the window and stare out at she , int mitch 's office ~ mitch with file ~- day 145 among the file , one mark mulholland , one mark capp . Mitch put the capp file into he briefcase , move through the outer office , call to Nina : mitch I be go over to see mulholland for a half hour or so . 147 148 148 11/2/92 g6 . ext front STREET ~ high angle thru window ~- mitch - day 146 he walk rapidly , briefcase in he hand . we be look down from a window three or four storey up . int cotton exchange lobby - mitch ~- day 147 Mitch get into the elevator . just as the door close , a man get in . Mitch have punch # 7 , the man punch # 8 . the elevator stop on # 3 . tammy get in , reaches_for £ 8 , see it i she place a identical briefcase down next to Mitch 's . the elevator ascend . stop at # 7 . Mitch pick up other brief case , exit . int 7th floor hallway - mitch - day 148 walk down the hall toward a doorway mark mulholland assoc . he enter . int mulholland assoc ~ mitch and mulholland ~ day 149 Frank mulholland be a well - dress , obviously prosperous , Black businessman in he 5as , mulholland I do think you 's 1ll find the thirty three hour bill for last month excessive . check you time sheet . mitch ( preoccupy ) yes sir , I will . mulrolland ».. you know this over - billing thing have become so common that we have come to expect it from law firm - but that do not make it right . what everyone forget be that it 's a felony . he pick up the envelope with the bill in it . mulholland ( cont 'd ) when they put a stamp on this envelope and send it through the mail ... they comitted a Federal offense ~ - ( continued ) 149 150 451 152 11/2/92 87 . continued : 14a camera have move to Mitch , as a idea begin to take shape . mulholland 's voice -- and I x11 tell you something else - each time they do it -- mitch ( slowly ) ~- it 's a 10,000 dollar fine ... and three to five year ... it be on the bar exam . int elevator - mitch - day 150 he 's press # 3 . he 's agitate . int 3d floor hallway ~- mitch - day 151 he come hurriedly out of the elevator , down the hall , enter a door mark greenwood secretarial SERVICES . int greenwood SERVICES - mitch and tammy ~- day 152 there be now a phone , xerox , and a fax machine . a beeper sit on the desk . tammy hold two copy file . he begin to pace . mitch -' - wait a minute , wait a minute , wait a minute ... I think ... there might ... be a way to do this without ... break the law . tammy be that we chief concern here ? mitch ( point to copy ) .. tear that up - I might not have to use they . tammy how you go to get the FBI off you back ? mitch by give they the firm ... I think -~ I have get to get to that stuff in the cayman . tammy for the FBI ? ( continued ) 152 153 154 11/2/32 8b . continued : 152 mitck no . for I . tammy they will not let you go you say . mitch we will have to get to it another way . tammy what be you talk about ?? mitch I be not sure ... yet . in that stuff of Eddie 's , be there a camera ? tammy «+ yes . mitch and some kind of recording device that 's wireless ? tammy yeah ...? mitch can you use they ? tammy whenever Eddie say , ' my associate 's ? ( point to herself ) your truly . int the firm - library - mitch ~ day 153 he 's pull volume on postal regulation . he stare at one section for a long moment . ext quinn house ~ backyard ~- day 154 a table by the pool set for brunch . lamar , Kay , Mitch and Abby eat egg benedict . the quinn 's two child play croquet loudly in the background . ( continued ) 11/2/92 83 , 154 continued : 154 lamar godamn avery -- we be sweat this real estate thing for dunbar hell be down in that blue-green water off parrot 's landing pick up spiny lobster . kay ~- and anything else he can find . talk of the cayman and avery 's extra-curricular activity strain Mitch and Abby 's s_already strain behavior . during the above dialogue , they have both reach for the pepper-mill at the same time . as they hand touch , they pull away as though from a electric shock . then each defer -- in a overly polite manner -~ to the other . kay ( cont ’d ) ( to lamar ) besides -- you could not go anyway . you would not want to miss the ' train wreck . 's ( to Mitch & Abby ) his sister and she five child be come this week . 155 ext / int ~ parking structure - mall - day 155 Mitch , in the mercede wind upward look for a parking space . he 's in the same clothes as the precede scene . behind he , in a nd car , the Nordic and the squat man follow . they drive past he as he park . on another level as the nd car pass the back of a park mini-van . it 's load with grocery . tammy be behind the wheel with a camera at the van 's window . parking structure exit - day the mini~van , full of grocery , drive out and past the nd car , 156 ext / int ~- the mini - van - street - day 156 tammy , drive , light up a sherman with a column of flame . she check the rear view mirror , as Mitch sit up alongside . tammy mall be a bitch , face it . eerget follow anyone ~ you be lucky to find a place to park . ( continued ) 156 157 11/2/92 90 . continued : : 156 Mitch be subdued . mitch «.. do elvis ever find out about Eddie ? tammy you kid ? he love Eddie ! Hell that stuff be over between I and elvis when I be 18 . we would be marry 2 year and one morning at breakfast I just turn too old for he . ( then ) but I tell ya , evyeryhody love elvis . the man 's a panda . and he have do anything for I . they turn into the crowded parking lot of a Dog track . int / ext dog track ~ late afternoon 157 the hound be run full tilt , chase a large bone around a move oval . mitch voice do not a dog ever get the bone ? tarrancens voice I hear it happen once in a while . it 's a disaster . they can not ever get that dog to run again . Mitch and tarrance be in the plush , first class area . visible through the glass wall , be the ' peasant class 's bleacher . the place be crowded and provide good cover . tarrance ( cont ’d ) now Mitch , Mr. voyle want I to assure you how much the Bureau appreciate you decision to co - operate -- mitch ( flat ) ~ a million dollar in a numbered account in Switzerland . tarrance ++ I think that 's - ( continued ) 157 11/2/32 91 . continued : 157 mitch -- and I want my brother out . now . tarrance ... you brother 's a convict felon . mitch then get yourself another snitch . tarrance , ( try for calm ) he 's in for manslaughter . mitch . ~ it be a brawl . ina bar . if he have not do some box it would have be self - defense -- tarrance ( still try ) ~ it 's still a felony , Mitch . mitch you hear I , tarrance , my brother out now ... and make it a million and a half ina -- tarrance ~- how about get down on you knee and kissing my ass for not indict you as a co-conspirator cight pow , you chickenshit little Harvard cocksucker ! mitch I have not do anything and you know it -- tarrance -- who give a fuck ? I be a fegeral ! you know what that mean , you lowlife motherfucker ? you get to xi + you life be mine . I can kick you tooth down you throat and yank ‘em out you asshole and I be not even violate you civil rights ! mitch ( oddly formal ) you be agent Wayne tarrance -~- ( continued ) 187 158 159 160 11/2/92 92 . continued : ( 2 ) 157 tarrance -~ God damn right I be ! and maybe local cop can not beat up .... butche trail off , bother -- perhaps it 's intuition . there 's suddenly a ring . tarrance answer he cellular phone . tarrance ( cont ’d ) who be it ? female voice Wayne tarrance , Federal agent . tarrance this , be Wayne tarrance -- female voice ~~ and so be this : ( tarrance 's Voice ) ' I be a federal agent , God damn it , do you know what that mean , you lowlife motherfucker ? ' ext the mini van in the parking lot 158 tammy , snuggle among grocery bag , expertly operate she eargo unit , play back the tape . back tq scene tarrance still have the phone to he ear , and leok at the clean - cut Mitch . he 's be double - fuck and he know it . mitch now ... I think you ought to reconsider . int voyle office ~ WASHINGTON - late afternoon 189 he 's on the phone , pace , angry . voyle you think I be go to let this kid tell we how to run the penal system in this country ?? int FBI office - memphis - tarrance ~ late afternoon 160 tarrance , head in he hand , hold the phone . ( continued ) 160 161 93. 11/2/92 continued : 160 tarrance Sir , it 's the only way he ’1ll give we the file , voyle ..- then get a subpoena , let the brother out , follow he , and the minute we get the file yank he back ! ext mcdeere house - early evening 161 Mitch , in same clothes , find Abby sit near the pool , a glass of wine in hand , a half - drunk bottle beside she . he glance toward the house . the follow be play almost mitch ..- I think I might have find a way out . it 's a long shot , but .. he watch she drink . mitch »-- Il drive you to drink ? ( silence ) you do not want to hear the plan . ABBY sure ... would it change anything between we ? mitch '' no . it 's just a plan . ABBY I can not do this anymore . I can not help you here , I can not help myself ... I have give notice at school . i'11 stay until the break Wednesday . mitch ... you be right ... it 's better if you go . safer . she smile to herself , shake she head , drink . mitch ( cont ’d ) ee-l love you . very -- she hurl the bottle . it smashes against the house . ( continued ) 11/2/32 94 . 161 continued : 161 ABBY do not you dare , you sonofabitch . a long moment . they both watch the house expectantly . then : ABBY ( cont D ) you want to tell I the plan ? mitch tomorrow ... but it 's just a plan ... where be you go ? ABBY my folk first , then I do not know . he look back toward the house , then to Abby . mitch ».. it might not be safe for you to leave unless -- ABBY ~- oh , I know ... she breathes , then look up oddly . ABBY somewhere ... dnside ... in the dark ... the firm be listen . shall we go in and do this now for the record ? she walk forward , past camera . hold on the empty backyard , the die light . then Abby 's filter voice fade up : abby' voice I have make a decision . my mother have not be well , she 's have some test ... I want to be there . we never see each other anyway - 162 int somewhere in the firm - night 162 Close on spin tape reel . abby' voice ( cont ’d ) ~ and I need some time to think . a man 's hand enter shot , punch rewind . man 's voice call devasher . she 's leave he . 1624 163 164 165 166 11/2/92 95 . int mitch office - mitch - morning 162a stand at the window , stare out , he back to the door . lamar 's voice knock , knock . Mitch turn . lamar be in the doorway . lamar ( cont ! D ) bad time ? ( then ) Abby call Kay ... listen , all the wife go a little nut the first year . she ’1ll come back ... probably want to get pregnant . Mitch 's face : int greenwood secretarial SERVICES ~- night 163 tammy smoking intensely , Mitch on the phone , mear the fax machine , hold a 8 x 10 grainy photo . mitch Mr. Thomas abank , please . int abank diving lodge ~ abank ~ night 164 the SOUND of compressor fill tank . in the dim light , we see a fax emerge . it be pick up by the hand of Barry abank . it 's a photo of the Nordic . handwritten across the bottom be : ' if this be the man , I know where he be . 's ext the firm ~ dawn 165 in the half - light , Mitch pull into the parking structure . dutch 6am ?? do not you ever take it easy ? int the firm ~- early morning 166 Mitch and dutch come toward we down the hallway . ( continued ) 166 167 168 11/2/32 96 . continued : 16 '' mitch sorry , dutch , but I have get to justify a client 's bill before a breakfast meeting and my time sheet be lock up in the office manager 's . they stop before a door . dutch well I do not know -- mitch call avery if you have like . I be just try to head off a legal action ... int prison ~ ray mcdeere - day 167 led to the visitor screen by a guard with three hash mark . on the other side of the screen sit tammy . when she see Ray , she eye fill ~- but she manage a smile . tammy you be taller than I think . ray ... that 's nice to hear . tammy there 's be a change of plan . ray .-- I do not know there be a plan . tammy good , because it 's be change . ray -»- who be you sweetheart ? int greenwood secretarial ~ mitch - night 168 OPEN close on a northwest Airlines ticket . a note pin to it read ; here 's ticket to Chicago - open return . sign ' T '. mitch «.. what time have avery charter the boat for ?... be you sure they will be able to keep he out long enough ? 169 170 17 . 11/2/92 97 . ext / int abank dive lodge - cayman ~ night 163 abank {on phone ) they be take he to lemon Drop off - it will be a good 6 hour . mitch 's voice tammy will be down tomorrow to set thing up . int mcdeere kitchen - morning 170 Mitch have make coffee . he pour one for Abby as she come in carry a suitcase . she look at he . he hand she the coffee . he 's very careful with she . mitch I can whip we up some egg . ABBY last day . [ I do not want to be late . he look at she , want very much to be fair . so he move to she suitcase . mitch ( quietly ) you be right . time to go . ext mcdeere house - morning 171 the door and trunk of she car open as Mitch stow the last of she thing . hearsay stand by . ABBY you be run a 3 - ring circus , be not you ? ( silence ) tammy 's leave to meet abank ? mitch not until late tonight . she 's ready to get in the car ... ABBY well . I hope it ... go -- mitch ~- it have to . ( continued ) 171 172 172a 173 11/2/92 98 , continued : 171 ABBY God damn you ~ I be the one who feel guilty ! he have no word . she get behind the wheel . hearsay get in beside she , he head stick out of the window . mitch take care of yourself . int mitch ‘s office - day 172 Mitch sit at he desk , stare at nothing . Nina come in . nina Mr. lambert would like to see you . int oliver 's office - day l2n Mitch enter tentatively . oliver Mitch , I do not want to seem intrusive , but , you know people talk and word 's gotton around that there be some problem between you and Abby . [ want to tell you how sorry I be , but know both of you , I be confident this will all work out ... I '' sorry you ' be go through this . can I do anything at all ? ext schoolyard ~- day 173 a boy and girl hurl lunch at each other . Abby patching it up . hearsay stand by . one of the kid tug on Abby 's sleeve and point . she look up , freeze when she see : avery on the other side of the fence . she move carefully to he . avery ah , boy and girl together . she observe he bitterness with barely conceal hostility . ABBY what be you do here ? {continued } 173 11/2/92 continued : og . 17 avery would you believe I happen to be in the neighborhood ? ABBY «+. no. avery , I hear this be you last day . ABBY ... my mother be not well . avery I do not know that . ABBY how could you possibly ?... they be do some test . . avery ah. ( then ) I be go to the cayman tomorrow . ABBY ~ yes . Mitch mention it . avery «.. want to come ? ABBY «.- what ??. avery I know , I know , it sound outrageous , but think about it ... we can grab some sun , go for a dip , drink Havana Club , I will give you marital advice ... and hit on you ... and whatever happen , I promise I take rejection well . ABBY what make you think I need marital advice ? avery ok , you will give I marital advice . ABBY ..- I do not scuba dive . ( continued ) 173 174 175 11/2/92 100 . continued : ( 2 ) 173 avery perfect ! I can not this time either . she 's surprised , alarmed , but conceal it . avery ( cont ’d ) I just find out I have to shorten the trip - some client come to town . ( spread he hand ) so you see ...? ABBY ... Goodbye , avery -- have a good flight . she hesitates a moment , turn , walk a few step , then begin to run . avery stare after she . int greenwood secretarial ~ late afternoon 174 a small pack suitcase . tammy , phone cradle in she shoulder , cigarette in one hand , red pencil in another . she 's check off name on a list . tammy Mr. southerland , as a client of the firm , Mr. mcdeere need to speak to you regard a very confidential matter that he feel would be to you benefit . how late would it be possible for he to reach you at home ?... that 's perfect . thank you , she hang up , place a check on the list , be about to dial again when the phone ring . tammy ( cont ' D ) greenwood secretarial ~ - with I ext phone booth - school - ABBY ~ late afternoon out of breath , agitate : ABBY tammy , this be Abby mcdeere . I think you have get a serious problem ... avery 's not go diving , ( continued ) 175 176 177 178 11/2/92 101 , continued : 175 back to tammy in huge close up tammy Jesus Christ ! we be dead . ABBY close she eye . tammy ( cont ’d ) ( anguish ) how do we ... how be I go to let Mitch know ? how will I tell he ? silence . they both struggle . tammy ( cont ' D ) «.- I be go anyway - I have get to try to do something . my flight 's in two hour . she hang up . Abby stand for a moment . ext countryside ~- ABBY 's car - day 176 she stare ahead . suddenly she pull over onto the shoulder . she lean she head back for a moment . then she slam she palm against the steering wheel . she get out of the car , move to the roadside phone . closer on her at phone : ABBY ... do not tell Mitch anything . ext drugstore - near airport ~ night 177 a taxi pull to a stop . tammy get out quickly . tammy I ' 1l just be a second . int SMALL drugstore - night 178 a few shopper browse , read magazine . tammy move rapidly to the pharmacist . tammy prescription for mcdeere ? 1793 180 181 182 11/2/32 102. int prison ~ day 179 a door open . Ray mcdeere , unescort walk toward camera , wear a dark blue suit and white shirt , necktie in hand . tarrance , wait for he , sign a release : insert : ' mcdeere , Raymond # 621334 , agent Wayne tarrance , FBI , Federal Court subpoena . 's the Guard with Three hash mark look with interest , guard be not you go to cuff he ? tarrance T ali take care of it . the guard shrug . tarrance and Ray wait at the heavy door . the buzz come . the door begin to open . on ray 's face as it be slowly wash by the daylight . ext seven mile beach - cayman - twilight 180 the light just on in the luxurious condo along the white beach , ext hyatt - twilight 181 across the reflect pool , into the lobby , where several elegant woman move through . ext pool bar - HOTEL - twilight 182 avery , drink rum , chat up a beautiful woman . suddenly he expression change . avery Pov . through the sea of body be Abby . she 's look straight at avery . apprehensive ... yet the trace of a smile . back to avery . as the woman lean toward he speak softly , he murmur ' excuse I '. camera cover he move to Abby . a moment ... ABBY you do not seem that surprised . avery I be deeply surprised . ( continued ) 182 11/2/92 103. continued : : 182 ABBY --. s0 be i. avery ( she drink : ) -.. what be this ? ABBY specialty of the house , he say . avery umbrellas be for the rain , ( to waitress ) two Havana Club , please . he 's move she to a small table . avery «» - how do the test turn out ? ABBY we be worried for no reason . avery --- good . ( then ) I do not think we get on that well , in the schoolyard . ABBY «.. I have grow up since then . avery I no love to believe that . the drink arrive . he do not take he eye off she , as he raise he glass . they drink . ABBY it 's delicious . avery be not it ? like cognac. ( a beat ) you know I have a bad reputation . ABBY what do you do ? avery I run around . ABBY -.. why do you do that ? ( continued ) 182 183 11/2/92 104 , continued : ( 2 ) 18 avery I think it 's because my wife understand I . beat of silence . then all at once : avery ( cont ’d ) the fact be I love my wife but she 's ... I guess she 's lose interest in I . I know I ‘have ... and I have not care for anyone since . {then ) I have like to , though . I miss it . Abby , despite herself be oddly a little move . ABBY my , you lay a lot on a girl , for a first date . avery »+- be that what this be ? they sip they drink again . avery it 's like cognac , be not it ? -- -~ I say that already . ABBY do not matter . the word do not matter . int greenwood secretarial ~ close phone ~- dusk 18 ringing . we hear the lock turn . the light be off . the phone ring again . Mitch rush in , not stop to turn on the light . he grab the phone , jam it to he ear . mitch yeah --? voice guess what I be look at ? mitch ( sag , smile ) «+ . tell I . 184 21/2/92 105 . ext arkansas highway - sunset 184 Ray on a cellular phone , a short distance from a car pull over to the side of a road in bg . richie , the black agent with tarrance at doe 's , be in the driver 's seat . tarrance sit in the backseat .. ray my first sunset in six year . intercut as require : mitch you make it , ray 's voice oh yeah ... I owe you . mitch no you do not . Mitch be deeply move , Ray lower he voice , ray .»- anything from abank ? mitch last I hear everything be set . it 's go to be fine . ray it already be . mitch -.. be see you , Ray ... give I tarrance , . Ray turn , walk back to the car , give tarrance the phone : tarrance ok , you speak to he , now where be the file ? mitch where 's the money ? tarrance not until I get the file . mitch you send half now . when I get confirmation it 's there , I 'il send the file . i’11 trust you for the other half , Wayne . ( continued ) 184 185 186 188 11/2/92 106 . continued : 184 click . Mitch have hang up . tarrance be frustrated , but he have no choice . he hand Ray a envelope . tarrance here 's some pocket change . you be free , mcdeere . Bus stop 's a quarter mile . ( point to yellow line ) follow the line . you be use to that . ext cayman ~ pool bar ~- ABBY ~ night 185 she 's alone at the table . nervous . her forehead glisten . there be seyeral_empty glass opposite avery 's place . she reach into she purse , take out a small , clear plastic envelope . she look across the room to : avery , at a hor d'oeuvre table , load two plate . '' ABBY pick up avery 's fresh drink , pour a powder from the envelope into he drink . her hand be shaking . avery turn with the plate , come toward camera smile , a bit unsteady . ABBY . her face . steeling herself . ext countryside ~ greyhound bus - night 186 Ray 's face visible through a window stare out into the night as the bus pass by . ext Pov through windshield ~ countryside - night 187 the stern of the Greyhound some distance ahead . two FBI agent be in the car . one pick up the radio . agent 1 unit B , well be pull into five point at 8:45 for a twenty minute rest stop . ext five point truck / rest stop - night 188 Ray get off the bus , go into luisa 's place . it 's obviously a trucker 's hangout . a number of eighteen wheeler rig surround it and the adjacent fuel depot . one agent get out of the car and follow Ray . 189 190 191 192 193 11/2/92 107 . int luisa 's place - night 1a¢ mostly trucker . a few be uniform - bekins , p.i.e. , etc . Ray go to the counter , order . ray - baby~ back pork rib with luisa 's special sauce ... the agent watch . camera dollys to the huge back of a man . on he coverall : blueice catfish farm . hold . '' Love I tender '' come on the juke box and the man , ; - a ' trucker , turn from the stool . he bear a unmistakable resemblance to flvis -- the later , somewhat bloat elvis . he head out the front door . camera dollys back to Ray , who rise , head to the restroom . int prison - guard with hash mark ~ night 19 ( he nervously move into the administration room , toward a fax machine . he do not see a administrator , who look up , puzzle to see a guard use the fax . int the firm - a fax machine - devasher 's office - night 19 ) close so we read the fax as it emerge : ' Ray mcdeere walk under federal subpoena at 14:17 hrs . no cuff . no destination . no return date . '' the fax roll be at it 's end so the paper curl i and hit the floor . camera tilt up to see no one near the desk . ext rest stop ~- greyhound bus - night 19 : honking . the passenger be board . the agent in the car begin to get worried . he move into luisa 's . as he enter , the other agent meet he eye . they both look toward the plate of potouch rib where Ray sit . they be galvanize . they rush toward the restroom where they encounter some stiff jostling from several large trucker . inside the restroom , they rush to the toilet . toss into the waste basket be Ray mcdeere 's blue suit . int greenwood secretarial ~ mitch - night 19 xerox billing file . he 's work feverishly , sleeve roll up . a beeper go off . he move to the phone , 194 195 11/2/92 : 108. int FBI case room - night 194 tarrance on phone , richie watch . jintercut : tarrance what the hell 's go on ?! we lest you brother . mitch '' he 's not lose , I know éxactly where he be - tarrance be you try to fuck with I ? where be that file !? mitch you want they - just wire the money . gotta go Wayne , int firm condo - cayman ~ nigrt 195 one light on . the docr open . avery and Abby come in . his eye be heavy . the drug , couple with the rum , have slur he speech . the bedroom be just off the live room . she hesitates a moment , then boldly walk in . he follow , stand at the door . there be champagne in a bucket of ice . Abby move toward it . ABBY have not even begin to melt . avery the staff be choose for it 's timing . he move up behind she , put he arm around she from behind . she stop . he turn she face sideways , and kiss she . his hand move up and begin undeing the button of she blouse . she close she eye . he 's unbuttone the three button , and pull the blouse out of the skirt . still stand behind she , he slide the blouse off she shoulder and let it fall . she 's wear a camisole . he reach for the delicate strap , but she turn quickly - begin to undo the button on he shirt . he watch , try to focus . ( continued ) 195 11/2/92 109 . continued : 195 avery I would do that ... but I could never do that . the button be too small ... it require terrible deskerity ... destremit - ABBY '' dexterity . avery amazing . he reach again to the strap of the camisole . she allow he to pull they down , pull it down - but she can not completely hide how difficult it be for she . he stare at she through the booze-drug-haze . then he hand tighten around she wrist by she side . avery ( cont 's D ) what be you do here ? ABBY .».- what do you mean ? avery I mean what exactly do you come here for ? ABBY -+. I think I be invite . avery you be not be truthful . ABBY why be you do this ? avery ...- because I be sick to death of lie -~ I want you to tell I the truth . ABBY {a beat ) I come here to punish Mitch for let the firm ruin we life . I come because when he be here with you ... he sleep with someone else ... be that what you want to hear ? he breathes in , then sink heavily to the edge of the bed . ( continued } 195 196 197 198 199 11/2/92 110. continued : ( 2 ) 195 avery ~~ yeah ... better than the alternative ... ABBY what alternative ? avery .».. that you come here to see I . despite herself - surprised at herself - she reach out , touch avery 's cheek , he take hold of she hand , pull she down toward he . he kiss she . she allow it . his eye open . for a fleeting moment he 's aware of what 's happen . she push he gently back on the bed ~ and he 's out . she slide the camisole back up onto she shoulder . she reach down , hesitates only a moment , and begin to pull he trousers off . her hand on the key . they shake and she scatter the key on the rug as she grab the univac key . the phone as she hand pick it up . ext the condo - night 196 Abby come out carry one of the ' moroco 's box . ext HOTEL portico - ABBY ~ night 197 she round a corner , come through a archway , down a palm line path and go into the hotel complex . int HOTEL - ABBY = night 198 she enter the hallway , move to a hotel doorway , fumble for a key . the door be yank open and tammy be there , help she into the room . there be a xerox machine in the middle of the floor . int firm ~ devasher 's office - night 195 devasher , in a foul mood , have be awaken , listen as a technician play back a tape . the phone -sound be echo-y . ( continued ) 199 200 201 202 203 11/2/92 111. continued : 199 abby' voice ( ubisper ) - you sure he will be all right ? tammy's voice what the fuck do you want to do , call 911 ? - get the key , grab the stuff and get over here . devasher switch off the tape . he 's furious . devasher keep phone he . wake the son of a bitch up and tell he to hang on to that girl ! great sound , by the way - he kick the desk which hold the fax machine . beneath he i send by the prison guard -- but he 's too preoccupy to see . ext five point - depot & luisa 's diner - night 200 the two agent who lose Ray be at the cashier 's booth go through stack of fuel receipt credit card slip . int greenwood associate ~ mitch ~- night 201 on phone . mitch # 6194408s ... and could you confirm that it 's seven hundred fifty thousand ? int firm condo ~ storage room ~- cayman - night 202 Abby return a box of file . she pick up another when the phone suddenly ring ! she freeze . listen . it continue to ring . int HOTEL room ~ tammy ~ night 203 Abby enter with another box of file . tammy xerox , on the phone , raise she finger to she lip . Abby stand still listen : tammy - absolutely , we be get it pack up now .... 204 205 206 207 11/2/92 112. int greenwood secretarial - mitch ~ night 204 shirtsleeve . haggard . look at he watch . mitch you be run late be not you ? intercut as need : tammy well , not exactly , there be a little hitch - ~ mitch what hitch ? tammy it 's nothing - we get it do - that 's what count ~ ~ do you get everything you need ? mitch almost . I need some stuff out of avery 's computer . Ill get it first thing in the morning . tammy ( worried ) why go back in there Mitch ? what if they find the time sheet miss ? what if avery wake up on the wrong side of the bed ? ext memphis airport - night 205 the firm 's learjet , one engine run , wait as the Nordic run toward it . the squat man already inside . ext cayman - first light 206 the sun be just beginning to glow in the dark horizon . int HOTEL room ~ cayman - night / dawn 207 Abby and tammy , exhaust , finish . tammy hand the last box back to Abby . tammy ok , that 's it . get the goddamn key back in he pants and get out of there ~ I gotta get this to the boat . ( continued ) 207 208 2093 11/2/92 113. continued : 207 ABBY '' - the boat ??? tammy just gothe 's gonna wake up ! ext condo - night / dawn 208 the sky ever-lighten . Abby haul the last file case up the stair into the condo . int condo - storage room - ABBY ~ dawn 209 she replace the file . the phone start to ring again ! she hurry . she close the door , lock it . she start toward the bedroom with the key . but she hear avery 's raspy voice : avery voice ++. hello ..? she freeze , look around frantically , lock at the key . avery voice ( cont ’d ) .«.. you 'o ) have to repeat that ... she look toward the bedroom , see avery 's trousers over the chair . there 's no way to reach they . she must make a decision . she move quickly toward the bathroom , enter from the hall entrance . in the bedroom , avery remain on the phone , he eye slowly reacting to what he 's hearing . his face be clammy and drain of color . he look in great pain , avery +.. not possible . devasher 's voice she steal you key and God know what else -- avery try to move he head to see he trousers . devasher nos voice they 's be just landing , they 's 11 be there in ten minute . she better be there . there 's a click . avery manage to get he head off the pillow . he spot loose change and a couple of key scattered on the rug near he trousers . ( continued ) 209 210 211 11/2/92 114. continued : 20 : in the bathroom , Abby have undress and be put on a white terrycloth robe . she put the univac key in the pocket . in the bedroom , avery lie still , he arm dangle off the side of the bed as Abby enter . she try to smile as she sit on the edge of the bed . avery 's eye never leave she . ABBY quite a night .. I guess . she glance over at he trousers . there 's no choice but to untie the robe and -~ avery ~- do not ... Abby look at he , stop . avery ( cont ' D ) .+-- they hear you ... on the phone ... key ... file ... they 's be come . she 's horrify , stare at he . avery ( cont 's D ) + 4 0go ...9q ... ext owen robert airport - cayman ~ early dawn 21c a van , carry the Nordic , the squat man and two other men pull out onto the highway . the learjet visible in bg . int firm condo ~ avery and ABBY - dawn 211 Abby , rush , struggle into she heel by the bed . avery 's eye be close . avery Abby ?... the girl be a setup . she stop , look at he . avery ( cont ! D ) -- on the beach , she be a setup . '' they do it ... she 's still . avery ( cont 's D ) «go ! . ( continued ) 211 212 213 214 215 216 217 11/2/92 115. continued : ABBY will you be all right ? avery '' go , Abby ... go on . she start to say more , but can not ~~ she go quickly . int the firm - devasher 's office ~ early '' morning devasher pace back and forth glance out the window . a technician pass by . devasher do they call ? technician not yet . devasher what be they do down there ? at that moment the fax machine begin beeping . ext / int - devasher 's Pov - omit int devasher 's office - omit int the firm condo - cayman - morning the door burst open and the Nordic and another man burst in . int tammy's HOTEL room ~ cayman - morning the squat man and a second man burst in . only the xerox machine , still purring , and a empty room , int devasher 's office - continuous close on the fax machine . the display blink : ' out of Paper 's devasher 's foot come into shot . devasher 's voice what the hell 's the matter with you people ! Jesus H. Christ ! then he hand reach down , from above camera and pick up the curl up fax . 212 213 214 215 216 218 219 220 221 11/2/92 116. ext the firm - mitch ~ morning 218 come from the cotton Exchange , he 's crossing the alley between the firm and the parking structure . he 's haggard , unshaven . there be a large truck load with huge cotton bale park in the allyway , block it . dutch be have a fit try to get the driver to move it . driver I be not go nowhere until the supervisor get here - the transmission 's stick - so just cool down , bubba . Mitch enter the building . int devasher 's office - continuous - morning 219 he hold the fax , livid and frighten at the same time . devasher check every goddamn floor . find mcdeere ! the sonofabitch cut a deal . int firm - partner floor - day 220 Mitch step off the elevator , try not to look rumple . he move quickly to avery 's secretary . mitch madge , could you open avery 's office for I ? right away . she hesitates , puzzle . mitch ( cont 's D ) do not he speak to you ? he need some work do on the hemmba papers before ten . int FBI office - active case room - day 221 Maps of arkensas and Tennessee pin on the wall . the two agent who lose Ray be still go over fuel receipt . tarrance , wreck , drink coffee . richie answer the phone . agent 1 natisin , earlywine , hemphill - ( continued ) 221 222 223 224 225 226 11/2/92 117. continued : richie warden dynehart from brushy Mountain prison ~ - richie hold phone out to tarrance . as tarrance reach : tarrance - hemphill ? wait a minute -~ lomax 's secretary ~ - warden 's voice Wayne , I have just be question a guard who send a unauthorize fax to a law firm in Memphis . I gather it be in regard to you prisoner . tarrance drop the phone , grab another , jab at the dial . tarrance no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no ! int the firm - avery office - mitch ~ day 22 227 stand behind avery 's desk , watch the laser printer , slowly expel page . the firm - elevator ~ day a uniformed guard reach inside with a key , turn off the elevator . the light go out . avery office - mitch he fold the four page he have , wait for the last page to finish printing . nina's desk - nina on the phone . nina ..- no , he 's not in he office , you honor , I will see if he 's in the building . outside avery office Mitch come out , carry the page . ( continued ) 22 : 224 225 226 226 227 11/2/92 118. continued : 22 oliver' voice Mitch ?... we be just look for you . Mitch turn . at the end of the corridor , Oliver stand - in he office doorway . behind he mcknight and locke , solemn . oliver ( cont 's D ) could you step in here ? at that moment , madge , avery 's secretary say into the phone : madge yes , he 's right here , Nina , transfer he . ( to Mitch ) a dudge tarrance for you ? on Mitch 's shocked face . he move to the phone . as he take it , devasher come out of the stairwell and move toward he , carry a walkie-talkie . Mitch pick up the phone . mitch «.-hello ?... tarrancens voice get out of there ! they know - get out ! Mitch hold the phone , think feverishly . devasher continue toward he . tarrancens voice ( cont ’d ) do you hear what I say ? get out and get over here ! mitch ... I understand . he hang up . he slowly fold the papers , place they inside he jacket , gaug the narrowing gap between he and devasher . in the bg . oliver' secretary can be hear give dutch authority to have the cotton truck tow , when devasher be barely a stride away , Mitch bolt past he and into the stairwell . devasher move calmly after he . int firm - second floor - stairway exit - day 227 Mitch burst down the stair , head purposefully towards : 228 229 230 231 232 11/2/92 119 . int dunbar 's office 228 dunbar look up mildly surprised as Mitch burst in . dunbar Mitch - what can I do you for ? have a seat . Mitch pick up one of the heavy leather chair in front of dunbar 's desk and heave it out the wondow . it explode like a bomb . kick away the glass , Mitch look down on the alley . twelve foot below he be the cotton truck . he jump . ext firm ~ alley ~- day 229 Mitch hit the cotton bale . he 's stunne for a moment , then roll off , hit the asphalt wobbly , but on he foot , and run . ext firm - window - devasher ~ day 230 use he walkie-talkie , give instruction . two uniformed guard round the corner into the alley . int FBI case room - tarrance & richie - day 231 tarrance be on the phone . tarrance ... well what direction be he run ? richie pick up another ringing phone . he tap tarrance . tarrance ( cont ’d ) just a fuck minute - richie ~ it 's mcdeere . int CITY hall ~ Pov from mezzanine - day 232 look down on the lobby and out the window . pull back to reveal Mitch at a payphone . tarrancens voice where be you ? mitch never mind - what happen ? ( continued ) 232 233 11/2/92 120. continued : 232 intercut as need . tarrance it 's ok !- if11 send a car - just come on in ~ if11 tell you when you get here -- mitch tell I now . tarrance it be a prison guard ~- just - come on in . we ali place you in protective custody - mitch - somehow you do not make I feel protect - tarrance - be you look to get whacked ? you know what 's go on here ? the moroltos be arrive today , I get they itinerary -~- extreme close - mitch , - stunne . mitch -- what ?? tarrance ~ the moroltos be come here - - this afternoon ! I be look at they itinerary ; Northwest arrive 3:42 -- straight to the peabody . now , goddamnit the whole world be go to be look for you - you can not go home , you can not go back there , now get in here ! mitch ( look at watch ) I have get ... to get lose for a few hour , Wayne , I get a appointment later . have to call you back . ext CITY hall ~ day 233 just across the street be the mud Island tram . Mitch put he head down , quickly cross and be lose in the continuous stream of tourist climb the stair to the tram . 234 235 236 237 238 11/2/92 121. int the firm - oliver 's office - day 236 devasher be on the phone . locke , mcknight and Oliver sit in stony silence . devasher ... I know they would not find she . get ‘em back on the plane . I need they here now . ( hang up ) if we do not get mcdeere before he give what he 's get to the’ fed ... int FBI ~- case room ~ day 235 richie and the two agent watch a high speed dot matrix printer spew out truck registration . tarrance be on the phone . voyle 's voice he 's withhold evidence ! as far as I be concerned he 's a fugitive and I want he bring in ! use the Memphis police 1 for you have to , but get he ! tarrance hang up as richie pick up the report . richie it 's a 18 - wheeler . Blue Ice catfish farm . tarrance get its route . issue a apb on Ray and Mitchell mcdeere . int / ext mud island tram - day 23 € crossing the Mississippi a hundred foot above the water . it 's a 90 second ride from Memphis to mud Island , load with tourist and Mitch . the return tram to Memphis pass they , tourist from both wave gaily through the wide window . ext mud island ~ river museum - day 237 Mitch look at he watch as he busy a admission ticket . int museum - underground - day 238 as Mitch , with other tourist , listen to the guide take he through the origin of the Mississippi . he be nervous , edgy , try to keep he head down . the guide talk on -- ( continued ) 238 239 240 241 242 243 11/2/92 122. continued : 238 through the crowd of tourist , Kay quinn be suddenly visible . relative in tow , child whining , she spot Mitch through the mass of body . she 's puzzle . she look at she watch . she raise she hand to wave but he 's go . she 's pull away by the fretful child . int mcdeere home - day 239 be rip apart by two men ' search . ext pier ~ MISSISSIPPI river - day 240 somewhere south of Memphis . a blue ice catfish farm rig be park in fg . a second rig be adjacent to it . Ray , in Blue Ice catfish uniform descend a ramp to the float dock where a seaplane mark abank dive , Grand Cayman be moor . the plane door open and Abby get out . she and Ray , small figure , embrace . Ray get into the seaplane as Abby move up the ramp . the Blue Ice rig pull away . the driver of the second rig hold the door open , politely , for Abby . int mud island river museum - day 241 Mitch have move from early settler along the Mississippi , to river transportation - to music . ext STREET ~ payphone ~ day 242 Kay quinn , relative in tow be on the phone to lamar . kay .. well , the kid want I to bring they by ... why ? what 's the matter ?... ok , oh ! I just see Mitch at the mud Island Museum , zipping through like a tourist ~ int museum - mitch ~ gift shop area 243 Mitch on the phone . 11/2/92 123. 244 int abank diving lodge ~ barry abank - day 244 intercut : mitch how be my friend ? abank ok . ray' on the plane and tammy 's here with the stuff . out the abank window , a 60 foot ketch be tie at the dock . the be be take aboard . mitch it work out ... abank yes and no ... you lawyer friend be dead . Mitch freeze . abank ( cont ’d ) he be never on the boat . he cancel the charter . mitch what ? abank he drown . but in he bathtub . after the lady leave . mitch what lady ? how do you get -~? abank -~- I do not know , a lady friend of tammy 's slip he some kind of mickey Finn . I gather it be someone he no be enamor of for quite a while - tammy come into the shop . mitch what be you talk about ?? who the hell be it ? abank ( to tammy ) Mitch be ask about you friend . Abby ? be not that she name ? ( continued ) 244 245 247 248 249 250 11/2/92 124. continued : 244 tammy throw she hand to she face , as abank hold the phone out to she . she take it , slowly . tammy ~+ Mitch ? mitch ( very grim ) where be she ? what the hell be you talk about ? ext memphis airport - day 24 : a Delta Flight be landing . int terminal - airport ~ day 24 '' the morolto brother , tony the panther , and joey the lion , come out surround by a entourage . they be greet by devasher . they be not pleased . ext / int tram - day 24 ° begin its return from mud Island . Mitch can be see through the window , still and somber . wide view as the return tram be pass , ease into the dock . from mitch 's tram , as the opposite tram pass , we see the face of the Nordic , close against the window , spot Mitch . ext mud island - tram docking - day 24 the tram door open , and the Nordic burst out and up the stair . ext pedestrian walkway - over the tram - day 24 the Nordic reach the top of the stair and begin to sprint across the 5 / 8 of a mile leg back . int tram 25 Mitch . try to digest it all , unaware of the Nordic . 251 252 253 254 11/2/92 125. ext - tie - up shot 251 the tram move below the archway , the small figure of the Nordic , a good distance behind , sprinting above the archway . ext memphis ~ tram arrival ~ day 252 the door open and Mitch , in a flood of people , disembark . he 's slowed by the crowd but move forward . pan with he as he take we past the still face of - a man . it 's the squat man , who move forward behind Mitch . the staircase as the squat man , limping slightly , follow yery gelosely behind Mitch . follow they down one flight . the second flight , as they continue , bump and slowed by the crowd . despite the limp , the squat man stick close to Mitch . ext tramway ~ near STREET 253 Mitch come forward , ready to cross the street . the squat man be like glue . near the curb , Mitch notice two policeman go through the wallet of a young handsome , man , with dark hair , dress in a business suit . Mitch turn at right angle , try to move away , but approach , in the boulevard be two memphis police car . it force Mitch to turn back toward the stair . the squat man turn with he . on the stair , Mitch be move up toward the tram . he glance over he shoulder to check the police car . what register be the rhythmic gait of the limping squat man . mitch continue to the landing , but as he turn to go up the next flight , he continue he turn , and in one fluid motion kick at the injure leg of the squat man , send he toppling down the stair . the crowd near Mitch be stunne . he want to disappear quickly . he look up toward the flight above he and spot the Nordic , breathe heavily , come down the stair . mitch be in motion back down the flight he just come up . halfway down he yault . the railing and hit the ground run . ext riverfront STREET ~- travelling - day 254 with Mitch as he race away , the wind Nordic in pursuit . 255 256 257 11/2/92 126. ext build ~ day 2 Mitch turn at right angle and race into the parking lot . on the STREET , devasher 's car pass on the way to the mud Island tram . he spot Mitch run into the parking lot , hit the brake , and make a U -turn . camera pan with u- turn to reveal the Nordic approach fast . parking lot as Mitch race through . a maintenance crew open the fire door , carry out some ’garbage . Mitch , unaware that devasher have spot he , bolt into the building . on the STREET , devasher shout to the Nordic . int build - stairwell - mitch 2 ! climb the fire stair two and three at a time . the nordic be racing up the stairwell three flight behind Mitch . he draw a silenced gun , carefuliy fire a shot that vichochet off the concrete . devasher stand below , say quietly , ' save it . he 's get nowhere to go but the roof . 's with mitch scramble up the last flight . he hit the FIRE exit door and open it , ext build roof - Pov ~ day 25 a flat roof with virtually nowhere to hide . mitch turn back to see the Nordic racing upwards below he . he look to the wall . a FIRE alarm , and next to it , a thick ganvas fire hose on a wheel , with a heavy brass handle . he frantically pull the wheel out from the wall and drop the hose into the stairwell . he wait , and when the Nordic be come up the last flight toward he he pull the FIRE alarm , and -~ grab the hose , slide down it , use he foot to anchor he , and to keep he away from the walis . the surprised Nordic try to get off a shot , but Mitch be a blur as he drop past he . the alarm be screeching . the Nordic stow he weapon , grab the hose and begin to slide down after Mitch . 258 11/2/92 127. two flight go smoothly , then suddenly the Nordic be across the face with Mitch 's belt , as he pass Mitch stand on the stair . the Nordic loosen he grip momentarily , and slide too fast , out cf control . Mitch grab the rope and swing it hard . below , the Nordic careen into a wall , let go ~ plummet down , slam into the bottom of the stairweil . devasher see the maintenance Crew rush toward the building , draw by the alarm . he move quickly out . int peabody HOTEL = suite - tony and joey morolto ~ day 258 tony , on phone , in shirt and tie , pace the suite seethe . tony {into phone , coolly ) of course I can talk . why , be not that what I be do ? I mean if it 's something else , please advise I maury . I always like to learn something I do not know at five hundred dollar a hour ~ ( cup he hand over the phone ) I tell you joey , every fuck lawyer on the face of the earth eughta be kill . joey be calmer . he sit on the sofa , he foot on a coffee table . he downs a espresso in one gulp . tony ( cont 's D ) - you be go to what , ? you want to meet with he ? what for ? so the two of you can charge I a thousand dollar a hour before they send I to joliet for thirty year ? let 's not fart around maury . this kid 's cut a deal and he know how to do it . after all - ( viciously ) ~he 's my lawyer . he slam the phone down , turn to he brother . tony ( cont ’d ) jusus , Mary , mother of God if only I could get my hand on this kid - they secretary RUTH , middle - age and pleasant , but firm , appear in the doorway . tony wave she off . ( continued ) 258 11/2/92 128. continued : 258 RUTH I think it 's urgent , Mr. morolto . tony turn to he brother and smile . tony Ruth think it 's urgent , joey . what do you think ? RUTH it 's a Mr. mcdeere . Mr. Mitchell mcdeere . he 's wait to see you . the longest pause in the movie . joey I think Ruth be right . she leave . joey and tony look at one another . joey { cont 's D ) sometimes , tony ~ tony sometimes what ? but Mitch stand in the doorway . he 's pull himself together fairly well , but a few scrape be show . the second longest pause in the movie . mitch I be Mitch mcdeere ... I be you attorney . one of they anyway . both man nod . barely . mitch ( cont ! D ) I assume you know ... but I think I have mention it ... in case . Mitch clear he throat . he 's tired . the two man he 's face look rest and fit as wild cat . mitch ( cont 'd ) well , I guess I should try to get start . I '’11 ] 1 try not to take up too much of you time . tony be still pace , behind Mitch now , and it clearly make he uncomfortable . joey would you care to sit down ? ( continued ) 258 11/2/92 129 . continued : ( 2 ) 256 mitch not really . I want to try and -- this be just very awkward . the brother never take they eye off Mitch - tony pace , joey motionless . mitch ( cont 's D ) I be afraid ~ my firm - have behave in a unethical manner . he wait for a question , some word . nothing . they wait . mitch ( cont 's D ) it seem that - we - bendini , lambert and locke , the entire firm have be engage in a - well a conspiracy . we have be - ( a breath} - overbil we client . the brother for the first time take they eye off Mitch and look at each other . just as if joey have ask he , tony stop pace . he walk over to the couch and sit down next to he brother . the two man lock up at Mitch . mitch ( cont ’d ) - in some case massive overbil . I assure you I have no idea any of this be go on when I join the firm . Mitch wait for a reaction . the two man just look at he . mitch ( cont D ) well I feel that I have to report this criminal behavior , but I can not use you invoice without you write authorization . tony we invoice ? joey ( gently ) please , tony . listen . mitch you bill . you see , it 's a important part of the proof that we have overbil you . joey that 's it ? ( continued ) 258 11/2/92 continued : ( 3 ) mitch pretty mich . most of we client have agree to allow I to turn they bill over to the government . joey most of you client . mitch pretty much all . except for you . which be why I be here . joey you want we to let you turn we bill - mitch - what we charge you , I should say overcharge you ~ joey ~over to the government , mitch yes sir . joey «.snow do that - mitch . no sir , it do not in any way - there be a change in Mitch 's tone . still respectful , someone with a strong point of view . mitch ( cont 'd ) '' waive you rights to full and complete confidentiality in any other area of the attorney - client relationship . ( pause ) I be you lawyer ... tony .. whether I like it or not . I can not talk to the government about you even when I be no longer you lawyer . that would be break my word and my oath . ( then ) '' ++ I know what that ... I do that once . I be not go to do it again . ( continued ) 130 . but tony look to joey , then lean forward , elbow on knee . 258 11/2/92 131. continued : ( 4 ) 258 tony okay , Mitch . what about steal we file and xerox they ? what the fuck be that all about ? mitch the file in the cayman have not be steal . they be in exactly the same place they be . whatever I know , wherever I go , I be bound by the attorney - client privilege . I be very much like , I would say exactly like , a ship carry a cargo that will never reach any port . and as long as I be alive that ship will always be at sea , so to speak . the brother get the picture . joey like yasser -fuck - Arafat , never a night in the same place - so to speak . at that moment , Ruth enter again . RUTH I be sorry , but there 's a call for Mr. mcdeere . Mitch look at he watch , look at the brother , who nod very slightly . Mitch pick up the phone . mitch hello ... just a minute . he hold the phone to he chest , look at joey and tony . mitch ( cont ’d ) Excuse I gentlemen , I be afraid I need you answer . tony »-- you get this authorization with you ? mitch yessir . joey {a slight sigh ) where do we sign ? 259 260 261 262 263 11/2/92 132 , mitch ( into phone ) make the call , tammy . ext cotton exchange - late afternoon 259 a phalanx of FBI car and a plain truck arrive in front of the building . tarrance lead a detail , several man with furniture dolly , inside the building . int greenwood secretarial - late afternoon 260 the door open . the man with furniture dolly all pour in . tarrance come forward . there be nothing but a small stack of xerox page , carefully place under a lamp . the man look to tarrance , who move slowly toward the tiny stack of page . ext abank diving ~ cayman - late afternoon 261 the ketch be ready to cast off . Ray be on the boat stare at tammy while he listen . tammy you get the account number ? you know how to access it , you have get the -- ray ( quietly ) ~~- I love you tit . she stop , smile at he . int mcdeere house ~ early evening . 262 Mitch enter , haggard , exhaust . he survey the debris leave by devasher 's man , he move through the disorder to the bedroom . int bedroom - early evening 263 a mess . Mitch take a small suitcase from the closet , begin to throw a few thing into it . the SOUND of a car screeching to a stop . he hesitates , then continue pack . ( continued ) 263 11/2/92 133. continued : 263 tarrancens voice where the hell be you ? tarrance appear in the bedroom doorway , hold the small folder of papers Mitch leave he . tarrance ( cont 'd ) you sonofabitch , I ask for crook , you give I they accountant ! you det the moroltos off the hook -- mitch ( pack ) -~ they be my client . tarrance they be the crook ! mitch what would you call the firm ? tarrance a bunch of chickenshit lawyer whoa padded they bill -- mitch you be with the Bureau too long , you be a '' G '' man , tarrance , you want dillinger . there 's a whole bunch of new bad guy - with expensive haircut and terriffic manners . tarrance that 's double talk ! - you make a deal to save you ass ~ mitch -- that 's the way it start - tarrance ~ you be this close to be one of they !- mitch ~- that 's right . they invite I in and I jump . they count on I not to ask too many question , and they be right . when you be greedy , you be predictable , and I be greedy . tarrance hold out the papers . ( continued ) 263 11/2/92 134 . continued : ( 2 ) 263 Mitch have tarrance . he start tarrance what good be this shit go to do I ? mitch without the firm , the only way the moroltos can launder money be in a wash machine . they 'il be out of business . tarrance yeah ? when ? - all I see be you make out pretty good , you get we money , you be still a hot - shot lawyer -~ and you be out of this . finish pack . he pick up the suitcase , turn to mitch the money be always for someone else . yeah , I be a lawyer -- with refrence from bendini , lambert and locke . you want to put that in you resumé ? past tarrance , but turn and stop . mitch ( cont ' D ) and what if one of thase guy try toa make a deal ?-~- they probably will -- that 's what they do for a live , be not it ? he will testify against the moroltos in exchange for immunity . you think I be ever go to turn the ignition key of my car without sweat . he walk into the other room . tarrance follow . in the dine room , Mitch put the suitcase down , go to a shelf where he keep cassettes . tarrance enter . tarrance then what the fuck do you do it for ? you do not win a thing . ( continued ) 263 11/2/92 135. continued : ( 3 ) 263 mitch {quietly } yeah I do . I win my life back . you do not run I ... and they do not run I . ( then ) and you want to know something weird ? I discover the law again . you actually make I think about it . I manage to get through 3 year of law school without do that . tarrance shake he head , start to leave . mitch tarrance ? tarrance turn . Mitch toss he a mini~cassette . mitch ( cont 'd ) it 's you at the dog track . could have go public with itt tarrance why do not you ? mitch .-- it 's against the law . ( then ) you ought to play it back a few time before you get rid of it . suddenly , the pad of paw on the floor , and hearsay come over to Mitch . Mitch grow pale . he whirl , and see Abby enter . they look at one another . then to tarrance : mitch anything else ? tarrance yeah ... the justice dept have ask I to congatulate you for hand they the biggest mail fraud case in the last 20 year . he nod to Abby , go . a long beat as Abby look at Mitch . ABBY well ... you have have a busy day . ( at he silence ) why do not you tell I what you real plan be ? ( continued ) 263 11/2/92 136. continued : ( 4 ) 26 mitch I know you would worry about I ... and that might make you stay ... and I _ know you need to leave . she look at he , move . but then she look around the room . ABBY I like what you have do to the place . Mitch almost smile , mitch I think you be go to you folk . ABBY I be . mitch «-- some detour . ABBY ( long look ) ..- yeah . ( be he suitcase ) where you go ? mitch to look for you . ( then ) why /d you do it , Abby ? ABBY .-- I guess I do not feel I could leave you without try to help you ... be you sorry ? mitch +.- do you do it for I . , .or tg I ? ABBY both , I guess . mitch well , I be grateful . and impressed . it take a lot of gut . I ... thank you . ABBY ( quietly ) ~.- and ...? ( continued ) 263 264 11/2/92 137 . continued : ( s} 263 mitch ( agonize ) I do not really feel I have a right to ask you anything else and besides ... I would be afraid to ask anyway . he turn , lean on the dining room table . Abby move up to he . she 's at he back , clearly hesitant about touch he . ABBY I all tell you exactly what happen . mitch ( without turn ) ok ... whatever you think I should know . ABBY I think you should know that avery be ... pretty decent . he be ... torment ... unhappy . it 's what happen to he . and it . might have happen to you . you might have begin to drink ... and run around . and lose I . he turn . mitch ... do I lose you ? she study he . ABBY you look tired . he return she gaze ... then nod . ABBY ( cont ’d ) «.- I love what you do , Mitch . and why you do it . I always love you but ... part of it be ... like a promise , and you keep you promise . Mitch slowly take she in he arm . ext mcdeere house ~ very high angle ~ day 264 the old Mazda , with a U - haul attach . Mitch , Abby and hearsay , small figure , get in . mitch you think it will make it ? 11/2/92 138 . ABBY ~.- make it where ? mitch ..- Boston ? they drive off -- exactly as they have arrive . ABBY 's voice what 's in Boston ? mitch 's voice we be ... abby' voice and the Wong boy ... 265 ext ~ somewhere in the caribbean - day 265 the ketch riding the beautiful sea . Ray and tammy on deck . ABBY 's voice and my kid . mitch 's voice and a very small , unknown , firm ... 266 law ext - aerial shot - highway the car and U-haul tiny on the long ribbon of highway . 266 ABBY 's voice -- with a lot of potential . mitch 's voice yeah ... the end .