ext . pennsylvania steel mill - light snow - day the plant be massive , grime - streak , squatting in the valley under five massive stack , each one trail a black ribbon across the winter sky . fire can be see flicker through the window and long flame weave and dance from the top of guy metal flue . steam rise in cloud from vent and chimney and the sound of it all -- the hiss , the clanging , the rumbling , the shriek -- come faintly , mute by the fall snow . in the foreground be a street -- columbine STREET -- which inhabit the bottom of a narrow ravine and plunge directly down the hillside , straight at the mill . Columbine be a sad look street , a grim-look street , a street hang on by the skin of its tooth . dilapidate store hug the narrow sidewalk . batter sign squeak in the wind . sandwich between the store and scattered on twist road along the hillside be narrow victorian house . this house , which run to three storey or more in height , all seem on the verge of toppling over , and undoubtedly would , except that they be all connect one to another by a mad arrangement of utility line which cross and re-cross between they with occasional aid from a lean pole . music come up -- dissonant , rather frightening music -- as we watch a car come charge up through the slush on Columbine Street . as it near camera the car falter on the slippery grade and slide out of sight . a figure appear , huddle against the drive snow . the figure disappear as camera hold on the steel mill at the end of the empty STREET . MAIN title come up : the deer hunter int . steel mill - day a white - hot ingot shoot out of a eject mechanism and come rip down a track . another ingot follow it , and another and another and another . the ingot be huge , tremble with heat , and they come on with a terrifying rumble . credit roll under credit we see steelworkers catch the ingot with tong and deftly swinging they into trough . the steelworkers wear leather apron and be stripped to the waist . warped in heat wave and glisten with sweat they seem like figure in some hellish ballet . since they all wear goggle it be hard to distinguish between they , but there be three , who be young , who seem to work with particular grace . this be nick , sal and merle . credit end . camera close on nick , sal and merle . the noise be deafen , the heat be unbelievable and the ingot come on with murderous speed . take advantage of a slight pause merle jab nick and they both make cuckold 's horn at sal . sal blushes and wave they off with he hand . merle and nick make the horn again and now sal put both hand on he hip , give a thin smile and study the corner of the shed . merle and nick begin laugh . sal can not hold out and he start laugh too , but now the ingot begin roaring down the track again and they all grab they tong . int . greek orthodox church - altar - day a very old priest be make preparation for a wedding ceremony . sal' mother hover around he as he unlock a cabinet and take out white taper and a golden crown which will be use in the service . the priest move with agonizing slowness and sal 's mother be in the midst of a bad case of nerve . sal' mother it 's all ready ? everything 's ready ? priest yes . sal' mother be you sure everything 's ready ? be you positive ? priest everything . yes . sal' mother it would snow ... everything 's go to slip . everything 's go to slide ... all the car be go to crash ! sal' mother put she hand to she mouth and burst into tear . sal' mother ( cont 'd ) I can not believe this ... my own little boy ... with a stranger ! the priest smile . he take sal' mother in he arm and comfort she . ext . columbine STREET - day another car lunge up the hill , get about halfway and slide back . as the car disappear , the door to one of the house burst open and a group of giggle bridesmaids begin scamper across the street . they have all be work on they dress , which be not completely finish , and they all carry ribbon and scissors and piece of material . as they make they way to the other side of the street they all wave away the snowflake and grab each other for support . one of the bridesmaids lose she dress entirely and with everyone laugh she rush back to retrieve it in she slip . when the garment be repossess a door come open and the bridesmaids disappear inside . camera hold on columbine STREET . the snow slant across the little store and pile on the gable of the tipsy little house . another car appear , lunge at the hill and slide back . suddenly the door to the bakery come open and a group of older women emerge carry a huge wedding cake with a miniature bride and groom stand on the top . the women be all in they fifty and bundle in boot and dark overcoat . they begin move slowly up the street , in the drive snow , with the great white cake hold firmly between they . int . steel mill - entry area - day the time clock be line against both wall . as a whistle scream to mark the end of the shift thousand of man begin check out . nick , sal and merle be right up in the front rank and once they have clocked they card they gather together along the wall . nick where 's Vince ? sal there 's Albert ! ( call ) hey , Albert !!! albert -- six and a half foot tall and build like a ox -- change course and plow across the river of homeward - bound steelworkers . albert how you feelin ' , sal ? sal I feel okay . albert feeling hot ? nick ( arm around sal ) humper 's ready . Old humper 's hotter and damn hell ! merle there 's Vince ! other ( call ) Vince !... over here ! Vince ! merle get he , Albert . get Vince ! albert I will get he . albert wade back into the stream of steelworkers , grab vince and they all push out together . ext . steel mill - parking lot - day the snow be still fall . it cover the ground . it cover the acre of park car . it swirl and toss and blow . as the five friend come burst out of a side exit they all stop dead in they track . vince snow ... Holy shit , snow ! sal give a look at the other . something be go on . vince be so excited he begin hopping around . vince ( cont 'd ) ... do you know what this mean ? do you guy realize exactly what this mean ? they all know . they all know damn well . merle and nick exchange look . albert chortle . sal what be you guy ...? be you guy go hunt ? the other nod , shrug , shuffle they foot . they be all a little embarrassed . sal ( cont 'd ) not tonight ?... you be not drive up tonight ? nick as soon as you be hitched , sal . first we get you hitched . sal ( envious ) you guy be crazy . you know that ? I mean you guy be really nut . vince he 's get marry ... and we be nut ! nick ( put he arm around sal ) it 's all right . hey , it 's all right . we will be right here , right with you . a look at the other ... nick ( cont 'd ) wo not we ? right ? be I right ? merle right . albert damn right ! vince what do you think , sal ? Jesus , you think we would miss this ? now sal be embarrassed . he make a gesture with he hand . nick ( with a laugh ) C 'mon . c'mon you guy ! they all start into the swirl snow . nick with a arm around sal . vince and we want you to know , sal , that any help you might need -- albert yeah , sal -- merle willing finger -- albert extra foot ! int . v.f.w. post - day the place be large and drafty and rundown . a huge american flag hang from the middle of the ceiling . under it women be lay white table cloth on trestle table . off to one side a half dozen old men wear vfw hat be scotch - taping paper ribbon to the brick wall . two old men be on stepladder , two more be brace the ladder and the operation be under the direction of a pair of World War I vets stand side by side . they hand tremble . they four eye loom huge behind corrective lense . vet 1 up I would say ... what would you say ? vet 2 up. vet 1 ( signal ) up ribbon ! one end of the ribbon be move up . the two vets study it . vet 2 down I would say ... what would you say ? vet 1 down . vet 2 ( signal ) down ribbon ! suddenly there be a commotion . the women who be set up the table all rush to the door as the older women come in with the wedding cake . the older women look half - freeze and as they move toward a table the cake receive a great chorus of uhh 's and ahh 's . suddenly one of the older women collapse . Friends rush to she aid , seat she in a chair and give she wine . the woman take the glass , toss it off in one swallow and grin . everyone laugh . ext . columbine STREET - bottom of hill - day a big , batter old shark - finn black cadillac approach , come fast . int . cadillac - day nick , sal , merle , vince and albert be all laugh . nick be at the wheel . vince hit it , Nick ! other go Nick ! hit it , baby !!! ext . columbine STREET - day the car bang over pothole and slam into the grade . we watch as it reach the half - way point , then the three quarter mark ... int . cadillac - day nick bend forward over the wheel , peer out through the slapping wiper . guy in the car ( chant ) do it , Nick ! do it ! go Nick , go ! do it ! do it , Nick ! go ! the car fishtail , lose speed ... to a creep . nick back ! all hand to the rear ! albert and merle , who be sit in front , immediately throw themselves into the back seat on top of sal and vince . guy in back seat easy ... ' at 's it , easy ! easy , Nick ... easy ! ext . columbine STREET - top of hill - day the cadillac inch up the last ten foot , gain level ground and skid to a stop . from inside come a mute cheer . int . bride's house - bedroom - day angela be dress in she white bridal gown and veil . she be plump , pretty , with a solemn , round face and big brown eye . angela lean forward into a mirror . angela ( sincerely ) I do . a pause . angela scowl and try it again . angela ( cont 'd ) ( heartfelt ) I do . angela try it a few more time . it sound worse and worse . angela ( cont 'd ) I do , I do , I do !!! angela stare at herself . now she look desperate and unrelievedly forlorn . burst into tear she throw herself on the bed . someone have slip a photograph under the pillow . the photograph be face down and as angela pull it out she see that something be write on the back : angela ( cont 'd ) ( read , slow ) " this be it -- more or less ... Love , Mom . " angela frown , turn the photograph over . it be a picture of michaelangelo 's " David " . angela stare at the figure for a long , long moment ... angela ( cont 'd ) oh , wow . int . JOHN be bar - day the place be pack with boisterous steelworkers drink boilermaker . deerhead be mount in a long row over the bar , and hand - paint mural decorate the wall . the mural depict hunt scene and display a eerie tone -- at once comical and frightening -- as if the animal hold some secret from the hunter , some power beyond they own . JOHN bang out from behind the bar with a tray of beer . at the same moment sal come in with nick , merle , albert and vince . JOHN , who be a great bear of a youth , put down he tray , wrap he arm around sal and begin jump he around the floor , grin ear to ear . the steelworkers turn , desert they place and swarm around sal , joke and shouting congratulation . int . linda' house - kitchen - day linda be thin -- a skinny slip of a thing with a hauntingly lovely face . wearing she bridesmay 's dress she stand alone in the kitchen , stare at the ceiling . thump noise be come from the room above . the thumping get louder . there be a crash , then another crash , as if furniture be be throw around . a man' voice begin cursing and there be more thumping and crash . suddenly there be a thud ... and then silence . linda bite she lip . she cross to the stove , ladle stew into a bowl , butter bread , pour a cup of tea and put it all on a tray . int . linda' house - father' bedroom - day the room be a wreck of break furniture . chair be turn over , lamp be smashed and the picture hang cockey on the wall . in the middle of the room , face down on the floor , be linda' father . his coat be tear , one shoe be miss and he hold a half - empty bottle in he hand . behind he , through the open window , snow be blow in . linda come in with the tray . she stand for a moment expressionless , look down at she father . then she set the tray on the bureau and kneel beside he . linda daddy ? father ( mumble ) go ... fuck hell ! linda reach down , take she father by the shoulder and roll he over . it take some effort and the face that come up be gray , unshaven and implacably bitter . saliva dribble from he mouth , there be a cut with the stitches still in it seam he forehead and as linda look at he he begin cursing again . father ( cont 'd ) Fucking shit ... all around , like a sea ! like a ocean ! linda get up and close the window . she come back , get down on the floor beside she father and push he toward the bed . then , hike up she bridesmay 's dress , she take he by the shoulder again and heave he onto the coverlet . the effort be almost too much for she . tear begin to burn in she eye , but when he slip back she try again . the father groan , begin to mumble , and then , when she almost have he on the bed , he suddenly lift he hand , catch she full in the face and push she violently across the room . linda crash backwards over a fall chair and smashes into the wall . as she get to she foot she father advance on she . father ( cont 'd ) Fucking bitch ... all bitch ! he swing , catch she in the face again , hard . linda daddy ...! daddy , it 's I ! father hate them . Fucking bitch ! linda' father swing at she again , lose he balance and fall on the floor . linda stand look at he , hold she jaw . she be cry . tear be stream down she face . ext . columbine STREET - top of hill - day Seven musician , carry they instrument , file silently through the fall snow . ext . alley behind JOHN be bar - day the women be all gather , some fifteen or twenty , range from grandmother to young wife . about half of they wield roll pin or heavy pan . as the last reinforcement arrive -- two hefty lady with truncheon -- a roar of laughter come from inside . int . JOHN be bar - day nick , sal , merle , vince , albert and JOHN be dance . the music be at top volume and the smoke be thick enough to cut with a knife . suddenly , from the back , come a chorus of screech and female recrimination . the door to the alley burst open and the hefty lady with truncheon appear . the steelworkers take one look , gulp they drink , grab they head in they hand and rush for the front door . ext . JOHN be bar - front entrance - day the steelworkers stream into the snow with the women close behind . several blow be deliver and the howl of complaint be meet with angry command to hurry and get dress for sal 's wedding . camera close on sal , who emerge with nick and merle . the snow hit he a sober blow and he come to a stop . sal Boy , this be it . this be really it ... I mean ... here I go . sal' mother hurry out of the alley . she be cry . sal' mother my beautiful boy ! my angel ... who be leave he own mother . she throw herself in sal 's arm , sobbing . sal momma ... sal' mother so cold be you heart to leave you own mother ? sal momma , I will be right upstairs . sal throw a look to nick and merle . they gesture with sympathy and study the snow flake . sal' mother so cruel be you heart ? be you heart so uncare ? sal ( a litany now ) one flight , momma . it 's one flight . dissolve to : ext . nick's trailer - day the trailer be a dent two - tone pink and cream job which look as if it have be purchase third - hand off a construction site . it stand on cinder block in a small lot which have be cut out of the side of the hill . a wreck school bus decorate it to the right . on the leave be a bare branch tree . nick 's black cadillac be park in front and a light show from inside the trailer . camera pick up merle who be strolling toward the trailer whistling through he tooth . he be wear he tuxedo and carry a knapsack and a deer rifle . he mount the cinder block step and pound on the trailer door . nick open the door and wave he in . int . nick's trailer - day the place be cramped , litter with camp paraphernalia . a deer head be mount above the sink and nick , who be half into he tuxedo , be apply waterproof to a pair of heavy boot . merle smile , throw he kit on the stove and sit . merle ( indicate the waterproof ) you should have put that on last night . nick I know . merle that way it set . nick yeah . pause . merle I just wait . you know ? nick huh ? merle I just wait . for this ... it 's what I wait for ... I wait all year . nick so do i. merle ( sharp ) you do ? nick ( nod ) yeah . nick grin , take down he rifle and begin wiping the oil off it . merle you think about it ? nick yeah . merle so do i. ( watch Nick for a minute ) I want to be ready ... you have to be ready ... it have to be there , in you mind . nick the shot ? merle Fucking A. nick I do not think about the shot that much . merle ( firmly ) you have to think about the shot . it 's the shot . the shot 's it . nick ( uncertain ) yeah ... I guess . merle ( study he ) what do you think about ? nick I do not know ... I guess I think about the deer ... be out , maybe . I do not know . I think about it all . Hell , I like the tree , you know ? I like the way the tree be , all the different way the tree be too . merle ( with a glance to the window ) I will tell you something , Nick . I would not hunt with anyone but you . I will not hunt with a yo-yo . nick ( laugh ) yo -yo ! who 's a yo-yo ? merle who 's a yo-yo ...? who do you think 's a yo-yo ! they be all yo yo 's . I mean they be all great guy , for Christ 's sake , but ... the point be , Nick , without you I would hunt alone . seriously . I would . that 's what I would do . nick ( laugh ) you be a fuck nut . you know that , merle ? you be a fuck maniac ! merle yeah . ( he grin ) when it come to hunt , that 's true . cursing and bang from outside . nick open the door . JOHN and albert , both in tuxedoe and load down with gear , be pound on the trunk of the cadillac , try to get it open . nick and merle go out . ext . nick's trailer - day nick Albert ! for Christ 's sake ... John ! wait a minute , you guy ! albert it will not open . nick you gotta hit it here . here , Albert , not there . albert where should I hit it ? just show I where I should hit it . nick here . hit it here . albert hit the trunk in the indicate spot and the lid snap open . albert hey , that 's neat . nick nod . albert ( cont 'd ) that 's new , be not it ? nick couple of week ... listen -- albert I love this car . some car sit , you know ? this car , a car like this ... grow . I mean you never know , with a car like this , where this car have be . vince come up , also in tuxedo , and drag a totally disorganize clutter of hunt gear behind he . vince hey , guy ... JOHN shhh ! Albert 's gonna hump the coup de ville . albert look around at he friend . he survey the back end of the cadillac with simian pride . then he expands he chest , thump on it with both fist and yodel out a magnificent , mile - carry tarzan call . as the echo of it come back the church bell begin ringing down the street and a group of excited bridesmaids come , hurry up . bridesmaid 1 Albert , what be you do ! bridesmaid 2 hurry up , you guy ! bridesmaid 3 who 's get they carnation ? bridesmaid 4 here . they be right here . bridesmaid 1 look at you ! you be all a mess ! bridesmaid 3 put on they carnation ! bridesmaid 1 who 's get a pin ? as the bridesmaids begin straighten tie and put on carnation , nick hear someone call he name . he turn to find linda stand beside the trailer where she can not be see . she look pale and very frighten and she hold a small suitcase in she hand . nick ( cross ) Linda ... linda hi. ( force a smile ) Nick , you shoe be soaking . nick Linda , what 's the matter ? linda ( try to toss it off ) oh ... you know ... she fight against it but the tear begin to come . nick look around , pull she inside the trailer . int . nick's trailer - day nick clear a place on the couch . linda sit , hold she suitcase in she lap . linda ( with great effort ) I be just wonder ... Nick ... you be go hunt ... if I could use this place to stay , because ... nick sure . be you kid ? sure . linda I would want to pay you ... and I be think -- nick ( kneel in front of she ) Linda ... hey , Linda ... linda I would want to pay you , Nick ... and I be think -- nick Linda , Linda ...! linda ( very small , look into he eye ) what ? nick will you marry I ? linda ( after a long , long moment ) okay . nick would you ? linda nod - a solemn nod . nick ( cont 'd ) you would ? linda 's lip begin to tremble . tear stand in she eye and she give a little toss of she head . linda who else , dummy ? nick stare at she . he can still hardly believe it . nick this be terrific ...! this be really terrific ! linda nod . she be suddenly excited , suddenly radiantly happy . she take the suitcase off she lap and throw herself in nick 's arm . nick ( cont 'd ) I do not know what we have be wait for ! linda ( eye close , loving he ) I do not know ! I do not know either ! int . greek orthodox church - night sal and angela stand face each other as the priest read the Holy sacrament of Marriage . priest " bless be the Kingdom ... now and forever unto Ages and Ages ... as the priest continue with the Holy sacrament camera pick up face in the congregation . we see sal' family . we see angela' family . we see the vets from the v.f.w. Post . we see the steelworkers from the bar and the wive and mother who chase they home to change . they be hard face -- work class face -- but we sense a fortitude among the congregation , a community of both heart and spirit . camera pick up nick , merle , vince , albert and JOHN stand in a row opposite the bridesmaids . the guy all look slightly dishevel . they tuxedo be all too small and they shoe be soaking wet from walk in the snow . nick catch linda 's eye and they hold each other across the intervene space like two child who be amaze . the priest hand white taper to the bride and groom . camera close slowly on the priest . the man be impressive -- gentle yet full of power . the priest light the taper -- first angela 's , then sal 's -- and look out across the assemble congregation . priest " for everyone that do evil hate the light , and do not come to the light , lest he deed will be reprove . " ext . columbine STREET - top of the hill - night save for a lone figure trudging home , the street be desert , leave to the gently fall snow . in the background the massive silhouette of the steel mill be plainly visible , light with fire . int . greek orthodox church - night nick , merle , vince , albert and JOHN join with the bridesmaids to assist the priest in the crown of sal and angela . the priest crown sal first . priest " the servant of God , sal , be crown for the servant of God Angela , in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy ghost. amen . " now angela be crown . priest ( cont 'd ) " the servant of God , Angela , be crown for the servant of God , sal , in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy ghost. amen . " guide the couple by they join hand the priest lead sal and angela around the analoy . the movement be very precise , very formal , a circle to represent eternity . int . v.f.w. post - dance floor - night the Band be go full blast and the whirling couple , young and old , be laugh . we see sal and angela , nick and linda , vince , albert and JOHN . the only one of the group not dance be merle . merle be drink , stand alone on the side of the floor chugge beer in tense , rapid-fire gulp . we sense immediately that he feel out of place , at a loss to join spontaneously in the spirit of the party . merle finish the beer , crumple the can and start on another . as he pick up the second can he notice that a sad - looking girl be sit against the wall behind he , wait for someone to ask she to dance . the sad looking girl give merle a smile . merle pretend not to see and move behind a post . int . v.f.w. post - trestle table - night the wedding cake that be carry in earlier have now be attack from all side , but the miniature bride and groom be still stand in the middle . unnotice by each other sal' mother and angela' mother eye the little figure . both woman be in rather teary condition and begin move toward the cake . suddenly , as the crowd shift , they encounter each other face to face . smile be exchange -- strain smile , which get stretch and stretch and stretch . then , in unison , they desert the smile and remove they respective offspring from the cake . sal' mother look down at she sugar coat groom and angela' mother look down at she sugar coat bride . then they eye each other , burst into tear and throw themselves in each other 's arm , moan and sobbing . int . v.f.w. post - coat room - night another couple try to enter the rack . it be pretty full . they finally find a empty place and squeeze in . int . v.f.w. post - dance floor - night nick come off the floor with linda and throw a arm around merle . nick sit with Linda , man , will ya ?... give she a beer . ( to Linda with great solicitude ) would you like a beer ? linda ( puzzle ) sure . nick what kind of beer would you like ? linda ( laugh ) I do not know . nick ( to merle ) give she Miller 's . Miller 's High life . nick take off . linda sit down at a table and merle go to the cooler to get a Miller 's . he grope around in the tub , find one and pop the tab . suddenly he notice that nick have cross to the sad - looking girl by the wall . he have stop in front of she and be ask she something . the sad - looking girl give a blush , get out of she chair and nick take she in he arm and begin to dance . the sad - looking girl look transformed . she begin chatter and laugh . merle cross back to linda and give she the beer . as he pull up a chair to sit down beside she he stumble and nearly lose he balance . he be very drunk . merle sorry . linda ( laugh ) it 's okay , merle . nick swing by with the sad - looking girl and wave . merle ( catch Linda 's expression ) I guess you like Nick . linda ( nod ) yes . merle do not say anything for a moment . he seem to be try to contain a floodtide of emotion . merle fuckin ' Nick ... ( clear he throat ) fuckin ' Nick ... give . ( he nod , bang he fist on the table ) gives. fuckin ' Nick give . int . v.f.w. post - coatroom - night the rack be still jamme with couple but the laugh and giggle have now give way to the sound of heavy breathe and low moan . what light there be come from the color glass ball revolve above the dance floor , where the music be now play sweet and low . the front door come open and a U.S. Army sergeant step into the darken hallway . the man wear he dress green uniform . on he chest be a row of battle ribbon and he shoe be brightly polished . sergeant pow ! the sergeant give a beery chuckle and move toward the dance floor . int . v.f.w. post - trestle table area - night the sergeant pass between group of celebrate guest , pluck a beer from one of the cooler and sit down alone at the end of one of the white trestle table . int . v.f.w. post - dance floor - night albert give he tarzan cry , suddenly pick he girl off she foot and march around hold she above he head . girl Albert , what be you do ... Albert ! int . v.f.w. post dance floor - another location - night vince and JOHN be stand together . vince be go bananas because he girl , marsha , be dance too close to fred . vince look at that , see ... watch . wait a minute , watch . there ! D 'j 'u see that ? D 'j 'u see the way he ... you know what that guy be do ? that guy be squeezing she ass ! JOHN oh , well ... vince oh well ! what do you mean oh well ?! the guy be actually ... he do it again ! that 's what he 's do ... he ... he 's reach in , John , to she --! I will kill he ! I be gonna kill he right now . vince march up and tap fred on the shoulder . fred release marsha . marsha wait , one hand on she hip , while the two of they exchange word . vince turn marsha , point to she ass . fred turn marsha , pint to the small of she back . vince be hopping up and down now . so be fred . marsha , who be get bored , point to the door . vince and fred bang out . as soon as they have go marsha be take by someone else who put he hand right back where fred have it . int . v.f.w. post - trestle table - night nick , sal and merle be stand together , look at the sergeant . merle Nick , he just come back . nick from nam ? merle Fucking A. see that ribbon in the leave . that 's quan Son . that fuck guy be at quan Son ! merle gesture with he head . nick and sal cross with he to the sergeant . merle ( cont 'd ) we , ah ... we be go too . the sergeant look at they and deliver a big , blank smile . sergeant pow ! merle what ? the sergeant keep smile . merle ( cont 'd ) ( to Nick ) what would he say ? nick pow . merle pow ? nick pow . merle oh. merle nod . merle ( cont 'd ) ( clear he throat ) uh ... well , maybe you could tell we how it be over there ? sergeant pow ! merle pow ? sergeant pow ! merle look at nick . nick look at sal . they all begin scratch they head , try not to laugh . merle well , thanks a lot . they turn away and then , when they be out of earshot , they all break up , howling . sal who the hell be he ? merle who the hell know ! nick be he from here ? merle Hell no ! nick well , where 's he from ? merle and sal ( in unison ) who the hell know ! merle ( soberly ) maybe he 's lose . sal and nick lose ??? merle ( throw up he hand ) well , I do not know ! int . v.f.w. post - night the guest have form in a long double line which extend from the dance floor right out into the street . everyone be pretty drunk and they be all armed with streamer and bag of rice . as sal and angela appear from out of a back room there be a great rowdy cheer . the musician strike up a MARCH . follow by the musician , shower with streamer , rice , advice and encouragement , sal and angela walk the gauntlet toward the street , where a glossy , bright red pontiac with header and straight pipe be be revve in a series of ear-splitt crescendos . ext . v.f.w. post - STREET - night JOHN , albert , merle and vincent be stand by the door . they tuxedo be stain and tear . they carnation be squash and they clip - on bow tie be either miss entirely or dangle from the open collar of they shirt . vince look the worst , with a black eye and half he pant leg tear away , and they be all guzzle beer . vince bullshit ! that 's bullshit ! merle you wanna bet ? vince I will betcha ! that 's bullshit and I will betcha ! you be fulla shit ! merle how much ? how much do you wanna bet ? other Bet he ! Bet he , Vince ! vince I will betcha ! I will betcha ... I will betcha twenty dollar ! ext . v.f.w. post - parked pontiac - night sal and angela emerge to more cheer and a shower of streamer and rice . angela be help into the pontiac on the right . nick throw a arm around sal and walk he around to the driver 's seat . nick do not worry what it say in the book . sal right . nick just forget that . forget what it say in the book . sal I be gonna start slow ... at the top . then I be gonna work down . nick great . that 's great . sal that 's my plan . nick give sal a hug . sal get in the car . nick see you Monday . sal see you Monday . int . pontiac - night sal look over at angela . sal all set , hon ? angela nod . sal put the car into gear and start slowly off . fist pound on the car . Rice and streamer shower down . suddenly , through the front windshield , merle appear , stark naked , run in front of the car with color paper streamer float out from he upraise right hand . for a split second sal cannot believe what he be see . he throw a look at angela . angela cover she mouth in amazement and then quickly shift the hand to cover she eye . ext . STREET - night merle weave down the street in front of the growl red pontiac . merle be not just run . he be leaping and bound , as if release from gravity and enter into a realm of pure ethereal space . nick , albert , vince and JOHN pound down the street behind the pontiac , albert carry merle 's clothes . guy look at that ! fuckin ' guy ! fuckin ' merle !... unbelievable ! ext . STREET - night the road fork , one road go high to a parking area , the other descend to the valley below . merle swerve up the incline toward the parking area , while the pontiac go straight and disappear down the hill . albert , vince and JOHN stagger to a stop , panting helplessly . nick grab merle 's clothes from albert and take off up the hill . ext . hillside parking area - night merle stand motionless , look out across the valley as nick approach . the night be brilliantly clear and the fire from the mill light up the sky with a eerie glow . nick come to a stop a few foot away . nick merle ? merle turn . his face have a strange , distant look , and he give nick a almost feral grin . merle you think we will ever come back ? nick ( startle ) from nam ? merle yeah . nick move up beside he . he do not know what to say . merle ( cont 'd ) I love this fuckin ' place ... that sound crazy . I know that sound crazy , but I love this fuckin ' place ... if anything happen , Nick , do not leave I there . I mean it . do not leave I ... you gotta promise , Nick . you gotta promise I that . nick ( half laugh ) merle -- merle promise ! you gotta promise ! nick you get it . merle let out he breath . it be as if some great weight have be press on he . merle ( with a laugh ) let 's go huntin ' . I mean let 's do it ! dissolve to : ext . thruway - night nick be batter old shark - finn cadillac come scream past . int . cadillac - night nick , merle , vince , albert and JOHN , all of they still in tuxedo , be jamme in the car between knapsack , sleep bag , six pack of beer and deer rifle . guy ( sing ) let I be free ! let I be free ! if ... you ... will let I be free ... you will ... always be happy ... with I -e-e-e !!! albert ( make a trumpet sound ) wa-wa-wa !... waaaaa !!! ext . mountain road - night Tale cadillac come blast by ... int . cadillac - night nick be hunch over the wheel , he eye go completely glassy . merle and vince be on the nod , while albert and JOHN , both half asleep , be have a lead-voice conversation . albert she fuck you ? JOHN she fuck I . albert she fuck I too . JOHN she fuck you ? albert she fuck I too . there be a long pause . they both struggle to keep they eye open . JOHN she fuck we both . albert yeah . JOHN Fucking woman , man ... albert ( shake he head ) I know ... int . cadillac night nick be head be sink below the upper rim of the steering wheel . one eye be entirely shut and the open one seem close to death . suddenly he head snap up . he slam he foot down on the brake and the cadillac fishtail , rubber scream , to a jolting stop . everyone in the car come awake ten bleary eye stare out through the windshield . there be deer in the road , fifteen or twenty of they stand in the headlight . ext . cadillac - night vince , albert , nick and JOHN pile out with they rifle . vince immediately slip and fall down . vince get them ! for Christ sake , get them ! JOHN who 's get the ammo ? albert ammo ! get the ammo ! vince I will get it ! where be it ? JOHN it 's in the trunk !... it 's in the trunk ! I be tell you , it 's in the trunk ! vince , albert and JOHN rush around to the trunk . albert begin pound on it . vince there , Albert ! hit it there ! push and shove each other , vince , albert and JOHN rush around to the side of the car . as they pass along the embankment at the side of the road there be a soft sound , like a sigh , and all three of they simultaneously vanish . nick , who have be watch , stare at the place where he three friend disappear . he take a few step forward , realize what have happen and double up in the middle of the road , helpless with laughter . vince ( cont 'd ) ( get out of the car ) man , let 's go hunt !... where be they ? nick make a gesture , a downward point of he finger . vince cross to the side of the road . ext . ravine - night the slope be a good 45 plus . at the bottom , barely visible , three tiny figure flop in the snow . ext . cadillac - night vince look down at the three hunter with a expression of absolute disgust . he look at nick -- flat on he back , pound he foot , howling -- and then he look at the deer . the deer be still watch . if anything they have edge closer and they mass expression of polite curiosity throw vince into a blind rage . vince get out of here , damn you ! go home !... scat !... shoo ! vince , whose rifle be fully load , slam a shell into the chamber and let off a barrage of shot above the deer . vince ( cont 'd ) bastard ! asshole ! get lose ! ext . mountain pass - dawn the sky be cold -- first light -- with low , wind - drive cloud . camera tilt down and we see nick 's cadillac come up a narrow road flanke by precipitous , heavily forest ridge on both side . ext . mountain road - dawn the cadillac seem minuscule , overwhelm by the massive , black slope loom up from the road . int . cadillac - dawn everyone be eat cold hot dog , rip they out of a half dozen plastic package , dip they in a jar of mustard and stuff they down . hot dog juice have drip over everything , potato chip be litter everywhere and both beer and milk be be pass around . albert fuel up . need fuel . JOHN that be mine ! albert you want them ? JOHN damn right ! albert gimme a hostess twinkie , merle . merle here 's a hershey . albert tear off the wrapper , dip it in the mustard and glomp it down . JOHN that 's mustard ! albert ( mouth jamme full ) what ? JOHN you just put mustard on you hershey bar . albert ( nod ) good ... pass the beer . vince ( point to a location beside the road ) here , here ! this be it ! merle ( milk slopping over he ) watch it , shithead ! vince ( pound Nick on the shoulder ) here ! this be it ! albert it be not ! vince it be too ! now you pass it ! merle it 's ahead , by the tree . nick it 's ahead , Vince . vince that be not it ! there 's no way that 's it ... unless they change it . they might have change it . nick pull to a stop on the shoulder . vince ( cont 'd ) they change it . that 's what they do . this be it but they change it . ext . roadside area - dawn the sky be just turn grey . a cold wind be blow , moan in the tree and swirl a fine haze of snow across the open roadway . the guy all pile out in they wreck tuxedo . vince this be it . definitely . this be it , but they change it . albert you be full of shit . vince who 's full of shit ? albert you be full of shit ! vince I be tell you , they change it ! albert they do not ! vince they do too ! albert Jesus , it 's freezing ! nick , merle and JOHN have the trunk open and be take stuff out . merle strip down where he stand and begin put on he hunt clothes . albert and vince grab they thing and follow the example of nick and JOHN , who be change on the corner of the seat . nick whee -uu ! albert Jesus ! JOHN Holy shit ! vince merle , hey merle , you get any sock ? merle , who be crouch down study the hillside , look over . vince ( cont 'd ) ( rummage around in the mess of thing he have bring ) never mind , merle . never mind , I get them ... where the hell be my pants ? anyone see my pants ?... who the hell take my pants ! vince begin plunging around . other fuckhead ! watch it ! vince somebody take my pants ... I know I bring pants . vince tear into another pile of equipment , come up with nothing and step out of the car . vince ( cont 'd ) all right . all right , you guy . whoever take my pants , I want them back ! ext . roadside area - dawn - later Shots be ringing out in the hill . nick , albert and JOHN stand by the roadside while vince and merle glare at each other . vince be still in he tuxedo pants , be still wear he dress shoe and be drape in a gigantic red goose down vest that could only have come from albert . merle 's knapsack lie on the ground in front of he and we can see that it contain a pair of vibram - sole mountain boot . merle sure I get boot . I get boot right here . vince then lemme have them . merle no. vince ( both hand in the air ) no !!!? merle no. vince what do you mean , no ??? merle that 's it . no. no way . vince some fuckin ' friend ... you be some fuckin ' friend , merle ! merle you gotta learn , Vince ! you come out here ... you get no jacket , you get no pants , you get no knife and you get no boot . you think everyone 's gonna take care of you ! that 's what you always think , but this time you be wrong . this time you be on you own ! albert merle , give he the boot . merle no. no boot . no nothin' . vince you be one fuckin ' bastard , merle . you know that ? you be one fuck bastard ! merle ( snap it out , jabbing he finger at the ground ) this be this , Vince . this be not something else . this be this ! vince you know what I think ? there 's time I think you be a goddamn faggot !... I fix you up a million time , merle ! ( to the other ) I fix he up a million time ! I do not know how many time I fix he up ... and nothin ' ever happen ... Zilch ! Zero !... the trouble with you , merle , no one know what you be talk about ! " this be this " ? what do that mean , " this be this " ? I mean be that some faggot bullshit , or be that some faggot bullshit !!! and if it be not , what the hell be it ??? JOHN Vince . hey , you guy -- vince ( hopping now ) take last night ...! last night he coulda have twenty fuckin ' deer ! more ! he coulda have more ! and look what he do ! I mean look what he fuckin ' do !!! JOHN Vince !!! JOHN throw up he hand in a comical way . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I will get the boot . albert ( in agreement ) get the boot . JOHN ( crossing to merle 's knapsack ) I mean let 's get go before -- merle -- who have remain completely calm throughout vince 's tirade -- pump a shell in the chamber of he rifle . JOHN freeze in he track and stare at he , he face go white . merle I say no . JOHN look at albert , who be right behind he , and they both back away . vince , who be stand directly opposite merle , begin to tremble . his mouth come open , close and come open again . urine begin trickle out from the bottom of he pants leg , stain the snow . suddenly , nick step forward . he look at merle , cross to the knapsack , take out the boot , walk over to vince and throw they on the road . nick ( gently , to merle ) let 's hunt . int . busted - down old loggers shack - night the place be about nine - by-twelve . the floor be rotted out , board be miss from the wall and the entire structure be cant to the right . hanging from the roof peak be a hiss coleman lantern which sway in the wind . vince , albert and JOHN be sack out , sound asleep . beer can -- some old , some new -- litter the floor . wet clothes , most of they bloody , hang from tie-board and nail . strung up on the end wall be two deer carcass , one of they with a knife jamme in it where steak have be cut out . snow be blow in -- dry , crystal bright . it swirl over everything and settles on the sleep figure on the floor . camera discover merle and nick . they be both in sleep bag , lie on rusted bedspring at either side of the break door . the wind gust and moan . the cabin shudder and then there be a sudden lull . merle hey , Nick ? nick huh ? merle tomorrow I go with Vince . nick hunt with Vince ? merle yeah ... I mean so he know ... he do not even know . ext . thruway pittsburgh off -ramp - twilight traffic be heavy , a unending flow of car , a river of headlight suspend on a curve concrete trestle which seem to float in thin air . behind be the mill , belching steam and ablaze with fire . nick 's cadillac appear , horn blaring , weaving through the traffic . the car sit low . trussed to the hood , to the roof , to the trunk , be the carcass of five deer . rope -end flutter and bang in the wind . the car shudder and thud . Inside , grin maniacally , nick , merle , vince , albert and JOHN be all shouting and guzzle beer . ext . columbine STREET - twilight the caddy appear , swerving onto Columbine with tire scream and nick still lean on the horn . the guy be all hang out the window , shouting to friend , whistling at girl and bang a triumphant tatoo on the door . albert maxie ! hey maxie wha would 'ya say ! JOHN hey geraldine , let 's eat ! vince nothin ' to it , asshole ! piece o' fuckin ' cake ! as the car ascend the grade the mill appear behind it , seem to loom upward under the pink -streak twilight sky . camera hold as the car come toward it . the headlight blaze white , like huge hungry star , and the eye of the dead deer on the fender glitter gold and green and red . albert lean out the window and give he tarzan call ... it seem to echo , as if coming from far away , freeze frame ... ext . close - up of jungle leaf - day the leaf be be eat by a exotic-looking insect . after each bite , the insect lift its head , produce a exceedingly thoughtful expression , and chew . we hear the buzz and creak of other insect , then a dull , fluttering drone . the drone grow louder ... ext . helicopter squadron - south vietnam - day there be twenty of they , come fast and low , just over the top of the tree . sunlight gleam on they paint and murderous - look rocket be pack to they belly in fat cluster , like egg . suddenly , in unison , they fire the rocket . ext . range of low hill - south vietnam - day as the rocket streak away the lighten chopper shoot upward , lose to sight . there be a eerie silence and then the hillside explode , vanish in a sheet of smoke and flame two mile wide . ext . dusty road - day a platoon of AMERICANS have be ambush on the road . the body lie helter - skelter -- headless , armless , legless , gut spill in the dirt . no one move and there be absolute silence except for the low buzz of fly . a v.c. lieutenant step into sight . he give a brusque command and v.c. soldier step out of the jungle . the lieutenant bayonet a few of the fall U.S. soldier -- idly , without much interest -- and then crack a joke as he rub he finger in the Americans ' blood . the v.c. soldier laugh , spear a few AMERICANS themselves and repeat the joke . there be a slight sound . the v.c. lieutenant spin and give a low command . fifty foot away there be three grass hut . he signal he soldier to spread out and then he start toward they . int . grass hut - day South vietnamese villager -- woman , child , and a few old man -- sit huddle in the semi-darkness . the women hold they hand over they baby ' mouth . fly buzz and there be a look of stark terror in they face . ext . dusty road - day one of the fall AMERICANS move . camera close on the soldier . his face be in the dirt and fly be nuzzling at a gash in he temple . the face be unshaven , frighteningly gaunt , but we recognize that it be merle . a woman' scream come from the direction of the hut . a shot ring out . merle pull himself to he hand and knee and stand there , on all four , like a dog . ext . grass hut - day the v.c. roust the villager from they hut , smash they in the back with rifle butt . one of the soldier emerge from a hut carry two small baby upside - down by they foot . one of the women cry out . the soldier give she a kick , swing one of she baby in the air and let it go . the baby turn over and over against the blue sky . as the baby come down another soldier catch it through the neck on the end of he bayonet . ext . dusty road - day merle strip a b.a.r. from one of he dead companion , slam a fresh clip in it , jam two extras in he pants and start for the grass hut . his movement be slow , almost dreamlike , and he face be expressionless , like someone rise from the dead . ext . grass hut day the villager -- about twenty of they -- have be form in a line . as the soldier look on the v.c. lieutenant walk up and down try to extract information . the speared baby lie in the dust between the two group . the second baby try to play with it . the soldier who throw the dead baby in the air squat nearby and yawn . ext . grass hut - another angle - day merle approach between the hut . he take a quick look around the corner , find the v.c. all bunched in a neat package and draw back . camera close on merle' eye . they be cold , dream thing , glitter blankly . ext . grass hut - day merle spin out with the b.a.r. on full automatic . the v.c. soldier go down scream , arm and neck throw back , in a thin mist of spraying blood . above the chatter of merle' b.a.r. we hear a growing roar . ext . approaching american helicopter - day there be five of they , come in low under the top of nearby tree . ext . grass hut - the villager - day the villager stand motionless , stare at the helicopter and freeze with terror . they turn . they start to run . and then they disappear in a roaring wall of burn napalm . ext . grass hut after napalm attack - day merle stand alone with he b.a.r. surround by cloud of billow black smoke . there be no sound but the rush of heat air and the faint crackle of flame . merle' clothes be burn . flame be lick up he trouser leg and a blob of napalm be burn fiercely on he helmet . in front of merle the soldier and the villager lie in two char heaps . the baby lie between they . both be motionless now , like two roast stone . a american lieutenant step out from behind one of the burn hut . merle and the lieutenant spin on each other and then the lieutenant lower he carbine . lieutenant what the hell be you do here ? merle ( numb ) save life . more AMERICANS appear , some twenty of they , come out of the tree in a long line . among they be nick and sal . lieutenant move it out , girl ! move it out ! the lieutenant head down the line . nick stare at merle . nick merle ?... Jesus , merle ! merle turn and look at nick . there be no recognition . he seem to be look right through he . sal come up behind nick . sal hey ...! hey , merle ! a shot ring out . the lieutenant go down and suddenly the whole line of AMERICANS be catch in a murderous cross-fire . grenade rain out of the tree . merle , nick and sal dive for cover . out of the smoke v.c. soldier begin to appear , more and more of they , swarm out of the jungle in score . ext . clearing in the jungle - heavy rain - day we be look at the ground where three pit have be dig and fitte with bamboo grating which be hold down by stone . the ground be ankle - deep in run mud and the pit be fill with water to within a foot of the bamboo grating . in each of the pit be about a half - dozen man -- south vietnamese and american . they hand grip the grating and they eye be hollow . other than a occasional groan there be only the sound of the fall rain . a v.c. soldier trudge out of the jungle . as he reach the pit he notice the hand , curse and begin jump up and down on the bamboo grating . the hand disappear . as soon as one come back , the soldier stomp on it , shriek with laughter . then , almost as a afterthought , the soldier pull down he pants and squat above the center grate . camera tilt slowly upward . we see the clear in its totality . it be a raw hole hack out of the jungle and contain only two structure . one be a large bamboo " tiger cage " with a few leave tie to its top . the other be a small hut with a thatched roof . the wall of the hut be open and we can see v.c. guard move about inside . a cry come from the hut . there be the thud of a rifle butt on flesh and the cry abruptly stop . int . thatched hut - day in the middle of the hut be a american kitchen table with a rise - pattern plastic top . at opposite end of the table be two chair . a south vietnamese prisoner sit in one of the chair . in the other chair , face he , be merle . the south vietnamese have a well on he head and one of the half - dozen v.c. guard in the hut be scream at he . in the middle of the table , between the south vietnamese and merle , be a single -action .45 caliber revolver with a american eagle carve on its ivory grip . merle sit quietly , wait , but he eye be work , take in every detail of the scene . the v.c. guard give the south vietnamese a final cuff , take up the revolver with a dramatic flourish and load one cartridge into the chamber . immediately the other guard begin place bet . the guard be a rag bunch -- wet , half - drunk on capture budweiser , and it take some time to straighten thing out . merle look off to he right : int . thatched hut - reverse angle - day we see more south vietnamese and american prisoner stand against the wall . most of they have be badly beat and all have they elbow tie behind they back . in among they , stand beside one another , be nick and sal . nick look grey , like a skinny ghost . sal be out of control , sobbing quietly . int . thatched hut - original angle - day the betting be now complete . the v.c. in charge wave the .45 around and call for silence . then , close the cylinder contain the single bullet , he point the revolver at the ceiling and click through the empty chamber until the revolver go off with a roar . bit of thatch flutter down from the ceiling . the v.c. guard shout enthusiastically and grin . merle sit motionless . the south vietnamese across the table from he begin shaking uncontrollably . the v.c. in charge now reload the revolver with one cartridge , snap the cylinder shut , put the gun on the table between merle and the south vietnamese and give it a good spin . the revolver slow and finally come to a stop point at merle . merle stare at it for a long beat . then he pick it up , spin the cylinder , cock it , put it to he temple and pull the trigger . the hammer fall on a empty chamber with a loud click . merle place the revolver back on the table and push it toward the south vietnamese . the south vietnamese begin to tremble again . fumble horribly he finally manage to get the gun in he hand . he spin the cylinder , cock the hammer and put the gun to he temple . the gun weave around . the south vietnamese close he eye and pull the trigger . there be a loud click . merle take the revolver again . he spin it , cock it -- all in one smooth motion -- put it to he temple and pull the trigger . there be another click . merle push the gun back across the table . this time the south vietnamese take it up with sudden confidence . he spin the cylinder , cock it , put it to he temple and pull on the trigger . there be a roar . the pistol be flying in the AIR and then the man' head , half - exploded , crash over onto the kitchen table . merle do not even blink . the guard begin hoot and laugh , wiping piece of brain from they clothes , and merle watch they , watch every gesture , every movement ... like a cat . ext . thatched hut - later day a pile of body lie by the step in the pour rain . the body be both south vietnamese and american . they head be all variously blow to piece and several huge rat be already feed on they . int . thatched hut - table area - day nick be at the table now , opposite a south vietnamese . he hold the pistol by he chin , spin the cylinder . his face be twitching , drip sweat and both he and he opponent be hold onto each other 's eye as if they have be at it for a long time . nick raise the pistol to he temple , click out . the guard murmur . nick push the pistol across the table . int . thatched hut - prisoner end - day there be no Americans leave to play except sal . the sobbing have stop but sal be shaking and tremble and he eye wander around in they socket as if they be cut loose . merle , who lie on the floor nearby , be try to talk to sal . as he do so we hear the click come from across the room and the excited murmur of the guard as they betting choice survive another round . merle you can do it , sal . sal no . no , no . merle sal ... listen to I , sal ! you have to do it . sal I want to go home , merle . merle you have to think about this , sal . listen to I , sal ! you have to think about this . sal ( tear again ) this be horrible ! merle listen to I , sal . if you do not do it they will put you in the pit . if they put you in the pit , sal , you be gonna die ... sal , do you understand ? sal ( nod ) merle , I wanna go home ! there be a explosion from the other end of the room . sal be eye go wide and he let out a whimper scream . the guard open a path and nick appear . his knee will not support he and the guard who be hold he throw he on the floor . merle listen to I , sal . do it ! you have to do it ! the guard who deliver nick jerk sal to he foot and drag he of for to the table . int . thatched hut - table area - day sal be throw in the chair . a south vietnamese be place opposite he . the south vietnamese be a kid , even young than sal , and he be tremble with terror . sal hey , listen , you can do it . ( sal nod , smile ) believe I , you can do it . we can both do it . then we go home , see ? then we go home ! sal look down . the pistol be end its spin and the muzzle come up point at the south vietnamese . the south vietnamese stare at the gun and tear begin to fill he eye . the guard begin yell at he , urging he on and then sal give he a smile of such unwavering faith that the south vietnamese pick up the gun , fumble the cylinder around , cock it and put it to he temple . for a moment sal and the south vietnamese look at each other . the south vietnamese be taking he faith straight out of sal' eye and now sal give he another encouraging nod . the south vietnamese boy squeeze the trigger . there be a explosion and he head disintegrate with a roar . sal sit motionless , he jaw hang open and he face form in a expression of terrible puzzlement . then he face begin to move , begin to twitch , as if the muscle be try to discover a frown . sal look around . he look back again at the place where he friend be sit and he begin to cry . int . TIGER cage - heavy rain - following day a half - dozen south vietnamese sit huddle together in the muck on the uphill side . a seventh lie sprawle on he back , dead . the rain pour through the few leave place on the roof and splashes in great cascade in the middle of the floor . on the downhill side be sal , nick and merle . sal be in a fetal position , grip he knee and rock himself back and forth . his eye be vacant and he face be fix in a expression of horror , as if he be still watch the boy at the table blow himself away . beside sal be nick . nick sit slump against the bamboo . one knee be raise and he be pick at the thread of he trousers where they have tear at the knee . merle be stand , gripping the bamboo wall of the cage and looking out at the " pit " . ext . the pit - merle' Pov - heavy rain - day the pit be about twenty foot away . running mud and water gurgle into they , come out through shallow trenches on the downhill side . there be fewer hand than the day before , far fewer . the nearest pit only have one pair and as merle watch he see that this hand be struggle to keep they grip . suddenly one of the hand slip away . the hand come back for a moment , then both hand disappear . int . TIGER cage - heavy rain - day merle turn away from the " pit " . he look down at sal , then he look at nick . his expression be one of exasperation , as if he have be have a long argument . merle I be tell you , Nick , no one 's go to come . nick what be you , God ? merle listen , asshole , it 's up to we ! nick they bomb last night , right ? do not they bomb ? if they bomb last night , they could bomb tonight . they could be up there right now ! merle what be you , hope ? nick what else ? merle I think you might be praying . nick I be do that too . merle I suppose you wish you be somewhere else ? nick what do you think ? merle Nick , you be waste you time ... listen to I ! you be waste you time ! this be no fuck time for hope or praying or wishing or any other shit ! this be it . here we be ... and we gotta get out ! nick you be right ... okay , you be right . merle ( grab he ) get off you ass , Nick . get off you fuck ass and stand up !!! nick ( stand ) okay , okay ! ( he straighten he shoulder ) okay . okay , you be right ... what about sal ? merle forget sal . nick what do you mean ? merle I mean forget sal ... sal can not take it , Nick . nick forget sal ? merle forget sal ... listen to I -- forget sal ! I have be work on sal since dawn , Nick . sal 's in a dream and he will not come out . listen !!! from here on you gotta go for you . you hear I ? for you ! nick merle ... merle listen , nick ! get it through you head or you and I be both dead too ! a shout come from the thatched hut . the south vietnamese whip around in fright . merle and nick turn . through the bar of the " tiger cage " we see the v.c. guard come down from the thatched hut . the guard be all drink beer again and the guard in charge be wave the pearl - handle revolver . nick look at merle . the sight have totally unnerve he . merle ( cont 'd ) ( calm ) we gotta play with more bullet . nick we what ? merle we gotta play with more bullet , Nick . it 's the only way . nick more bullet in the gun ? merle ( even ) more bullet in the gun ... the trouble be that still leave one of we with he hand tie up , so that mean we gotta play each other . nick ( numb ) with more bullet ?... against each other ?... be you crazy !!! be you fuck nut !!! merle Nick ... nick !!! it 's the only chance we have get ! nick stare at merle . rain be pour off they in rivulet and the voice of the approach guard be get louder . nick how many bullet ? merle ( watch he ) Three bullet -- minimum . nick ( panic ) no way . no fuck way ! merle ( evenly , hold he with he eye ) I will pick the moment , Nick . the game go on until I move . when I start shoot , go for the nearest guard and get he gun . nick no . no way ! merle when you get the AK , open up . you get I ? open up . nick ( scream ) you're crazy !!!... no way !... now you 're crazy !!! you 're completely crazy !!! the guard begin scream order from outside the cage and one of they let off a blast of automatic rifle fire which shred the bamboo roof just above the prisoner ' head . nick and merle grab sal and drag he to the door . ext . clearing in the jungle - heavy rain - day as the prisoner emerge from the " tiger cage " the guard smash they with they rifle butt , scream order . in the melee sal be separate from nick and merle , both of whom be knock to the ground by furious blow . when they get to they foot they see that sal be wander off alone in the direction of the " pit " . one of the guard spot sal and club he down . sal get up and begin wander off again . the guard club he down again , turn to the guard in charge and begin complain . the guard in charge dispatch a second guard to help the first and the two guard open the bamboo grate on one of the " pit " . merle turn to nick , who be stand beside he . merle it 's up to you , Nick . now it 's up to you . ext . clearing in the jungle - the " pit " - day sal have absolutely no comprehension of what be about to happen to he . his eye be dreamy , far away , as if he have mentally transport himself to some distant place . there be great gashes in he head from the blow he have receive and as he stand wait in the pour rain he look exactly like a very small child who have experience some terrible confusion . suddenly the guard stand beside sal wrench he around . we see the pit now , close up . there be four bloat corpse float in the muck . we sal' face , close up . he give a cry and try to turn away . we see the guard pick sal up , scream . we see the splash as sal hit the water and then we see he surface between the bloat corpse , still scream , paddle desperately and try to find something solid to hod he up . ext . clearing in the jungle - waiting prisoner - day nick stand motionless , stunne , listen to sal' scream . merle have he attention focus on the guard in charge and when he glance in they direction merle slug nick in the stomach and begin beat he furiously to the ground . nick struggle to he foot . merle attack he again and now , as the guard in charge come over to see what 's go on , merle begin hopping up and down , point at nick , point at the revolver in the guard be hand and scream . merle him and I !!! him and I !!! the guard look at each other , interested . merle ( cont 'd ) him and I , goddamn it ! him and I ! int . thatched hut - heavy rain - day merle and nick sit face one another across the rise pattern kitchen table . the guard be all grin and even the south vietnamese be watch with grim fascination . nick have the revolver . he be tremble visibly . already merle have manage to draw the guard in closer and as nick spin the cylinder and cock the hammer merle jump up and begin pound on the table . merle this be it , motherfucker ! now he 's go to do it ! watch ! you watch ! nick almost lose what little control be leave and he hand begin shaking violently . merle ( cont 'd ) look at he ! see ! this be it and he know it ! side bet begin change hand . merle ( cont 'd ) last chance to lose you money there , guy . Goodbye money ! hurry , hurry . here he go ! nick put the revolver against he temple and pull the trigger . there be a dull click . nick put the revolver back on the table . his hand be shaking so badly it fall with a clunk . merle grab it , spin it , stick it to he temple and click out , talk all the time : merle ( cont 'd ) this be stupid ! you understand stupid ? on and on ! at this rate we will still be here tomorrow ! ( throw the revolver on the table ) wait a minute . I know ! hey , I get it . more ! put in more ! you understand more ? more ! more bullet ! ( he mime with he finger ) Three bullet ! you understand three ? that way blam ! boom ! merle hop up and down , laugh maniacally . merle ( cont 'd ) ka - powie !!! ba-room !!!... ' Cause I want that bastard ! him I want boom ! him or I !!! the guard in charge look at he companion . they all begin shouting for he to go ahead . the guard in charge purse he lip , as if imitate a general come to a decision , and then nod he assent . the guard all howl . merle join right in . merle ( cont 'd ) he 's terrific ! great fuck guy ! the guard in charge take the revolver , open the cylinder and begin stick in two more cartridge . merle ( cont 'd ) ka - pow !!! ba-roomie !!! merle hop up and down again , then scream at nick , jabbing he finger at he , as if in fury . merle ( cont 'd ) both of we may have to pull on this , so get you shit in fuckin ' shape !!! ( to the guard ) him or I !!! now we get it , he or I !!! ( he rub he hand and sit back down ) place you bet , motherfucker ! now we be go ! now we get a game ! the guard in charge place the revolver on the table , spin it . merle ( cont 'd ) watch ! now watch ! he 's go to get it . and then ka - pow ! ba-roomie !!! the muzzle stop point at merle . merle scowl , look over at the guard in charge . the guard in charge have lift the barrel of he AK 47 and be watch he with caution . the other guard , who be totally catch up in the game , be yell and shouting . merle you guy think I be in trouble , right ? merle pick up the revolver , spin the cylinder , cock it ... merle ( cont 'd ) no way ! never !!! ( he begin to chant ) merle be mighty ! -- ha ! merle be strong ! -- ha ! merle be magic ! -- ha ! merle live long ! lemme hear it . come on , motherfucker , lemme hear it ! merle start it again . the guard who be bett ing on he join in : merle ( cont 'd ) ( with guard ) merle be mighty ! -- ha ! merle be strong ! -- ha ! merle be magic ! -- ha ! merle live long ! merle take a glance at the guard in charge again . the guard in charge be still eyeing he with caution . merle place the revolver to he temple ... and click into a empty chamber . merle ( cont 'd ) see ! nothing to it . he push the gun across to nick . then he stab he finger at he , scream again , as if in a fit of rage . merle ( cont 'd ) you get a empty chamber and it 's in you mind ! just put that empty chamber in the gun ! nick look down at the revolver and pick it up . he stare at merle for a moment . then he spin the cylinder , cock the hammer , put it to he head ... and click into a empty chamber . the guard let out expression of disbelief . that betting on nick begin taunting that betting on merle . merle sit motionless , as if stunne , as if utterly defeat , he brow furrow in a mighty frown . nick push the revolver across the table . his face be twitching but he give the gesture a certain flair , as if throw back a challenge . merle stare at the revolver -- stare at it with a expression of utter gloom . then he reach out , take the revolver in he hand and pull it toward he , as if he no longer possess the strength to pick it up . merle ( cont 'd ) ( gloom ) who 's for merle ? ( he thump he fist on the table ) be anyone for merle ??? merle roam a glower eve over the watch guard , as if suddenly discover himself among traitor . slowly , he push himself to he foot . the gun be still on the table , still in he right hand , and as he get up he let he body sag over it . merle ( cont 'd ) who here be for merle ...? there be absolute silence now except for the drum of the rain . it be as if the war have disappear , vanish . the guard stand motionless , hardly breathe , so captivate by merle' performance that they suddenly resemble little child . merle ( cont 'd ) who ... here ... be for merle ...? merle begin he chant again . his voice be low , very dramatic , and the guard in charge join right in . merle ( cont 'd ) ( with guard ) merle be mighty ! -- ha ! merle be strong ! -- ha ! merle be magic -- ha ! merle snap the revolver level in he hand and blast the guard in charge , hit he full in the face . at the same time nick throw himself into the guard who be stand behind he , spin and slam the guard AK 47 into he chin . two more shot blast out from merle' .45 and we see two guard crash over the kitchen table . nick now open up with AK 47 , and as merle back off beside he , also with a AK 47 , they gun the remain guard to the floor . it be over in a instant . the body lie in a bloody , tangle mess under a pathetic paper lantern . the rain drone on -- uninterrupted , undiminished , eternal ... ext . clearing in the jungle - heavy rain - day barely visible against the drip foliage -- like a shadow be a startle v.c. soldier . the man take a half - step forward , unsling he rifle and open FIRE . int . thatched hut - day the south vietnamese prisoner be hit where they stand . nick spin , badly wounded . merle throw himself on the floor and let go with the AK 47 . ext . bamboo grove - heavy rain - day merle appear carry nick on he back . nick be unconscious and the effort that merle have expend to get he this far can be measure in merle' eve , which burn like dead coal . as merle approach , traversing the bamboo grove along the side of a steep hill , we suddenly see sal , stumbling along behind and attach to merle by a short rope . merle come to a stop , unshoulder nick and lay he on the ground . as merle stand look at nick , gasp for breath , sal hunch down and stare at the endless trunk of bamboo with a expression of pure terror . sal where be we go , merle ? be we go home ? there be a sound , so faint as to be almost imperceptible . merle throw himself on sal , slamm one hand across he mouth and raise the other in case he have to silence nick . for a moment there be nothing -- silence . the rain drone on and we can hear nick be breath , which come in short , shallow rasp . the sound come again and suddenly a platoon of v.c. soldier appear , come down through the tree . they passage be almost completely silent and they go by on both side , move down the hill . camera close slowly on merle' face . his gum be bleed and he skin be draw tight so that every bone stand out in he skull . his tooth be bare , he eye be hollow and he look within a hair 's breadth of be completely mad . ext . crater roadside - night a huge battle be take place nearby . the earth tremble and shake and gigantic explosion intermittently light the sky . merle stagger down a ravine with nick , lose he foot and slide to the bottom where he lie in the mud , motionless , too tired to move . sal come down behind . he be hunch over , like a gnome . the rope which merle have tie around he neck drag in the mud and he eye be huge with terror . sal merle ? merle ( a whisper ) right here . sal crouch down in the mud . sal where be we go , merle ? be we go home ? merle ( barely move he lip ) right here . another explosion light the sky , this one much closer . in the flash we see that a red american car be strand in the middle of the road . there be another explosion and another flash . the car be dusty , spatter with mud , but otherwise it appear miraculously unharme . nick be breath rattles in he throat . merle , who lie beside nick , hold he , have close he eye . sal , who be the only one who have see the car , stare at it hard , and for a long time , try it out with one eye and then the other . sal merle ? no answer . sal ( cont 'd ) merle ? still no answer . sal go over to merle and shake he . get no response he cross fearfully toward the automobile . when he get to within a foot of it , he reach out and touch it . sal ( cont 'd ) merle . merle , a car ! as the flash continue to light up the sky , sal peer at the tire and begin kick they . sal ( cont 'd ) hey ! hey , gee ! sal cross to the window and look in . there be no damage whatsoever , the key be dangle from the ignition . sal pull open the door and climb in . he pump the accelerator , hit the starter ... there be a flash of FIRE , then a huge explosion and the car goe up in a fireball of flame . ext . crater roadside - burning car - night merle have drag sal from the car and throw he in the ditch below nick . sal be horribly burn and merle kneel over he -- out of breath , tear stream from he cavernous eye -- howling with helpless rage . merle damn it !!! God damn it !!! merle look down at sal . sal be face in a mass of raw flesh but he eye look up at merle with lunatic , unwaver trust . merle ( cont 'd ) sal ! ( more gently ) sal ... goddamn it , sal , do not you know anything ? sal where be we go , merle ? be we go home ? merle ( nod ) sure . sure , sal . we be go home . ext . crater roadside - following day refugees be stream down the road in a desperate , frighten human torrent . there be every imaginable mean of conveyance -- from bullock cart to motorbike -- but the vast majority , carry they meager belonging , be flee on foot . the burn - out car be still in the middle of the road and the great human tide stream around it , as if it be a island . in the distance come the sound of machine gun fire and mortar be come in nearby . medvac helicopter clatter overhead with wounded strapped to basket on the skid . now and then a army convoy come through , blast the refugees into the ditch . merle sit alone on the embankment by the side of the road . nick and sal be go and the area be litter with fresh bandage package and throw - away medical supplies . suddenly a jeep pull up with a two-star general in it . general where 's you unit , soldier ? merle stare at the general -- blankly , without comprehension . finally , after a long moment , he give a slight shrug . general ( to he driver ) c'mon . we will take he along . the general and the driver get out and start up the embankment toward merle . general ( cont 'd ) Little R and R and you will be stand tall again , son ... damn , this be steep ! driver uh-oh . sir. the general look up at merle . merle be hold the pearl handle revolver and he cock the hammer with a audible click . general uh-oh . the general and the driver turn tail , scramble back down the embankment and pile in the jeep . general ( cont 'd ) ( as they take off ) y'know , there 's more fuck maniac come out of this conflict ... merle watch they go without expression . on the road below the refugees stream past -- by the hundred , by the thousand , by the ten of thousand . for a long moment merle watch , then he jam the gun in he pants and stand . ext . evacuation route - day merle be walk with the flee refugees . camera pan , holding on merle as he grow smaller and smaller -- to a speck in the vast human torrent . dissolve to : int . out - patient room - U.S. military hospital - saigon - day the room be tiny , a cubicle furnish with a chair . nick be alone , stand at the window look out . he wear ill fitting civilian clothes whose color be too bright for - the pallor of he skin . around he neck be a piece of plastic on which be staple a color paper marker . depart aircraft thunder overhead and there be the sound of some nearby hydraulic mechanism . ext . loading ramp ( nick be Pov ) - U.S. military hospital - day Black body bag be laid out in countless row on the hot concrete two pfc 's be stack they on pallet and more pfc 's , drive hydraulic lifter , be load the pallet into the cavernous hold of a huge jet transport . int . out - patient room - U.S. military hospital - day nick turn away from the window and sit down in the chair . suddenly the door burst open and a harass doctor come in . doctor be you name Solomon ? nick shake he head . doctor ( cont 'd ) be you sure ? nick nod . doctor ( cont 'd ) lemme see this . the doctor look at the paper marker on nick 's neck . doctor ( cont 'd ) be this yours ? nick nod . doctor ( cont 'd ) this be not yours . this can not be yours ! I be go to take this one off and cut it up ... ( he extract a pair of scissors and do so ) shred it ... so no one get a hold of it . what I be go to do now , I be go to give you this one . ( he staple a new marker around nick 's neck ) there . how 's that ? do that feel better ? nick nod . the doctor direct a finger at he . doctor ( cont 'd ) that one 's yours . the doctor slam back out the door . another jet thunder overhead . the hydraulic lifter on the load ramp shriek and whine ... nick reach for the new paper marker on he neck and peer down at it from the corner of he eye . it seem to remind he of something and he take out he wallet . in he wallet be a photograph of linda . nick peer at the photograph intently , then close he wallet and put it away . int . U.S. army telephone CENTER - saigon - day bank of telephone line the wall . stretch out from the telephone be long , rag line of servicemen wait to call home . the room be huge , full of echoe . re-enlistment poster be plaster everywhere and canned latin music be play . nick stand in one of the line with only one person in front of he . he look anxious . he take out he wallet again , peer intently at linda' photograph , then put it back . nick take a half - step forward -- stare at the telephone -- and then he stop , freeze with fear . gum chewer behind go on , babe . take it . ' S all yours ! nick ( mumble ) you go ahead . camera hold on nick as he turn out of the line and head for the exit under a long row of clock . ext . busy STREET - saigon - day nick come along the sidewalk in a crowd of pedestrian . he be drunk and he move aimlessly , as if he have be drift along for hour . as he come to a stop , stare at a south vietnamese who have lose both leg , he fumble in he pocket for a pint of whiskey , empty the bottle and drop it in the gutter . suddenly , across the street , something catch he eye . nick ( call ) sal ...! sal !!! nick throw himself into the traffic , headlong , without even look . vehicle swerve and screech to a stop . nick dodge between they , gain the sidewalk on the other side and clap he hand on the back of a pass soldier . the soldier turn . it be not sal at all and the resemblance be not even close . nick ( cont 'd ) sorry ... think you be someone else . the soldier continue on he way . the crowd stream on , a sea of bob , brilliant color . nick grope in he pocket and produce another pint bottle . he unscrew the cap and downs a long swallow . int . bar - saigon - night the place be very dark . loud music be play . partially - clad bar girl be dance with the customer , while above , on a kind of trapeze , naked girl be perform obscene contortion . nick sit at one of the table . by now he be very drunk and a bar girl be give he she undivide attention . nick I love Linda , see . I love Linda more than I can even say . bar girl everybody love Linda . nick that 's right . that 's exactly what I mean ! bar girl I love Linda . myself , I love Linda so much ! nick only , good people love Linda , see . what Linda have , Linda -- bar girl ( in he ear ) how you like to have nice fuck with Linda ? you like that ? special , crazy fuck just like with Linda ? nick ( stare at she ) you mean ...? bar girl I show you . come . you come . ( pull he to he foot ) Linda have special , crazy fuck . that right ? nick nod . he look as if he might be about to cry . bar girl ( cont 'd ) I give you special , crazy fuck , just like Linda . come . you come . Linda cry , make crazy moan ? nick nod . bar girl ( cont 'd ) I give you cry , crazy moan . come . you come . int . corridor - bar - night the bar girl come around the corner with nick , guide he to a flight of narrow stair . she have one hand around he waist and the other down the front of he pants . bar girl you like to call I Linda now ? nick Linda , yeah . bar girl you call I Linda , just like home . suddenly nick draw to a stop , stare at a small window at the end of the corridor . he tear himself loose from the bar girl and push up against the glass . ext . narrow STREET ( nick be Pov ) - night seat on the sidewalk against the wall of the opposite building be a old man surround by a collection of white ceramic elephant . a truck roar by in front of he . motorcycle sputter past and pedestrian hurry in both direction . the old man sit motionless , like the guardian of some timeless , silent kingdom . int . corridor - bar - night nick spin away from the window . nick hey ... hey , elephant ! look at that elephant ! the bar girl stare at he . nick ( cont 'd ) Linda love elephant ! Linda ... she love them ! nick turn and charge back down the corridor with the bar girl hot on he tail . bar girl wait ! first I give you special fuck ! nick elephant ! make way ... I gotta get elephant ! ext . narrow STREET - night nick pace up and down in front of the old man and he ceramic elephant . nick great ... this be great . I wanna tell you this be great elephant ! I be go home , see ... stateside in a few day and my wife Linda , she love elephant . she ... she have a thing for elephant because elephant ... elephant go on . you know what I mean ? they go right on . I do not know if they cry . maybe at night . I mean ... what I mean be my two best buddy be dead , see , mia , who know , and they would have like some elephant also because ... how much be this elephant ? I mean let 's talk elephant . ( notice a group of STREET urchins ) hey you guy ...! over here ! come over here and carry elephant ! the STREET urchins come run . they be rag , malnourish , range in age from about six to nine . they be cover with sore . one of they be lose a eye and another have lose a hand . nick ( cont 'd ) everyone take a elephant ! ( to the youngest urchin ) you know how to carry a elephant ? ( the urchin nod ) that 's what I think . right off I figure you as that kind of guy . hey , wait a minute , I gotta get change . take a elephant ! everyone take a elephant and then form up . right here . over here , like this , in a nice long elephant line ... good . that 's good . man , look at all this elephant ! one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , nine , ten ... eleven elephant ! ( survey they ) hey , but you gotta stand tall to carry elephant . ( he illustrate ) better . that 's better . I mean ... God damn , I mean that 's elephant now ! wait . now you wait while I get change . nick dive into a nearby bar . int . nearby bar - night the place be as dark as the one before . music blast from a jukebox and two vaseline - cover girl be dance . as nick cross to the bar to get change there be a whistling scream and then the front wall of the build disintegrate in a roar of noise . nick pull himself out of the debris . there be absolute silence in the wrecked bar but rocket be come in all over the city and the explosion rumble and roar . ext . narrow STREET after rocket explosion - night a nearby building be burn fiercely . the street be desert except for the sprawle corpse of the STREET urchins which lie this way and that , like break doll . nick walk out past the corpse . the street be litter with fragment of break ceramic -- gleam , pure white , like chunks of snow . ext . deserted STREET - saigon - night the sky be alight with fire . now and then huge explosion rock the night and siren wail . a lone figure appear , walk down the middle of the street . as the figure approach we see that it be nick . nick ( toneless , over and over ) hey , hey , the wind do blow . hey , hey , the snow do snow . hey , hey , the rain do rain ... nick swallow , as if to force back some overwhelming emotion . then , squatting down under a lamp post , he begin again . nick ( cont 'd ) hey , hey , the wind do blow . hey , hey , the snow do snow ... nick take out he wallet , open it hurriedly to the photograph of linda and peer at it with a kind of ferocious determination , as if this link be the last , as if by stare at it hard he could make it hold . nick ( cont 'd ) ( he voice thin , crack ) hey , hey , the wind do blow . hey , hey , the snow do snow -- there be the sharp report of a pistol shot and then , as nick spin , stare at a shutter building , there be the unmistakable sound of applause . nick stare at the building for a long moment , then he cross toward it . ext . yard behind build - saigon - night a tiny light glow inside a paper lantern . lying on the around be three corpse , all of they asian , all of they expensively dress and all of they with they head blow off . as nick stand look at they a door come open on the back of the building , and two burly men bring out another corpse . the body be that of a young american . like the asian he be expensively dress and he be dead from a bullet in the right temple . man ( v.o . ) if you be brave and lucky I can make you rich . nick turn . a man be stand in the shadow of a small grape arbor , eyeing he with a look of cold amusement . the man be accent be french . beside he , on a small white table , be a bottle of champagne and several glass . man ( cont 'd ) you have play ? nick stare at the man , nod . man ( cont 'd ) once you have play it be not so hard . cigarette ? nick shake he head . man ( cont 'd ) you seem ... disturb . nick I ... no . you do this for money ? man mais certainment ... a great deal of money . naturally I do not do it myself . I myself do not possess the nerve . ( smile ) but I be always ... how do you say ... look out for that who do ... it be a thing quite rare . Champagne perhaps ? tch , tch . do not say no . when a man say no to champagne , he say no to life and that no man must ever do . ( give nick a glass ) where do you play ? nick up north . man ah yes . of course ... so few survive . ( smile ) La creme de la creme ... how do you obtain release ? nick play . man ( raise he eyebrow ) play ? nick we ... Three bullet . man and then you ... the man make a click sound , three time , as if fire a pistol . nick nod . man ( cont 'd ) how extremely clever . that be really most extraordinaire ... allow I please to introduce myself . I be armand ... and you be ? nick Nick . armand Nick . c'est extraordinaire ! do you know that I have a cousin who be call Nicholas and a nephew nickolai . so you be , comme on dit , en famille . in the family . there be another shot from inside and another round of applause . nick I have to go . armand but you must come in . nick no , I -- armand but I insist . nick I have to go . armand you be frighten , no ? nick nod . armand ( cont 'd ) of what be there to be afraid ? the war ? the war be no problem . it be a joke , a silly thing . I make one call and get you out . armand refill nick 's glass . nick look at it . the glass be as thin as paper and the sparkling bubbles dance and hiss . nick lift the glass and empty in one swallow . nick see , I be go home . armand ah yes . of course . ( smile ) to the girl who wait . nick ( give he a look and sit ) yeah ... do you mind if I sit ? armand but of course ! please make yourself comfortable . perhaps you would enjoy some fresh caviar , or une petite glace , or -- ? nick ( weary , shaking he head ) no. none of that . armand unfortunately I must now go in , but I leave you my card . naturellement I pay my player cash american . just so you know . armand disappear in the darkness . then he voice come again . armand ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) however , should you prefer german mark , or perhaps swiss francs , this of course can be arrange . everything can be arrange . armand move around the side of the building and the sound of he footstep fade away . the two burly men come lurching with another corpse . laughter come from inside the building and there be a glimpse of a elegantly dressed woman seat at a cafe table . the burly men return to the door and shut it tight . in the distance the sky go up in a huge flash of fire and then the sound of the explosion roll across the city like a great dead wind . dissolve to : ext . nick's trailer - winter - dusk the trailer be all deck out with bunt and stick , like a plum cake , with tiny american flag . stretch from the trailer to the side of a house across the street be a huge , hand - lettere banner which say " welcome home nick ! " and it whip and it snap in the cold winter wind . nick 's batter old shark - finn cadillac be in the yard . alongside it be a bunch of new car and people be come from all direction , spilling in and out of the trailer and congregate in excited , foot-stomping , half - freeze group . ext . series of shot - columbine area - dusk we see the old priest on he way from the church . we see the older women , wrap in shawl and carry cake and cookie , trudging up the hill . we see albert , JOHN and a bunch of steelworkers , all of they half - bomb , drag two case of beer on a child 's sled . we see linda peer out the trailer window , pale and anxious-look . we see vince , who be unofficial lookout , jump up and down at the approach of every car and scream , " this be it ! this be Nick ! " and then , when it be not , say , " not yet ! just hold you water , I will tell you when ! " and we see a empty street into which six vets from the vfw Post come totter . the vets be all in they old uniform . while three of they attempt to make music on a bass drum , a fife and a old Army bugle , the other three attempt to sing . vets Three cheer for the red , white and blue ...! vet # 1 this be hard . vet # 2 Christ almighty , it 's fifty year ! vets Three cheer for the red , white and blue ... int . taxicab - dusk nick sit hunch forward in the back seat surround by unwrapped carton contain electric appliance he have buy for linda . nick look nervous , very nervous . suddenly , as the cab come over the crest of a hill , the trailer loom into sight , straight ahead , with vince hopping up and down in the snow and the old vets all mark time under the flap banner . cab driver whadda welcome ! will you lookit ... whadda welcome ! nick stare at the approach trailer . nick that 's not it . cab driver what be you , crazy ? that 's not it ??? you say a trailer . you say -- nick that 's not it . keep go . go straight . cab driver hey , now listen . now you say -- nick I be tell you that 's not it ! now keep go ! nick throw himself down on the floor . nick ( cont 'd ) just keep go ! just keep go straight ! ext . nick's trailer - dusk linda be outside , stand with vince and albert . vince this be he . I be tell you , this be Nick ! the taxicab come thudding by . linda , vince and albert all watch as it disappear over a rise . albert ( to vince ) I think that be it . vince so he 's in the next one , Albert . I mean take it easy . I mean you be drive everybody nut ! vets ( v.o. ) ( sing raggedly ) Three cheer for the red , white and blue ...! vince ( to linda ) you okay ? linda give a thin smile . vince ( cont 'd ) it 's gonna be the next one . okay ? linda nod . vince ( cont 'd ) it 's gotta be the next one . I mean it 's gotta be ! right , Albert ? albert fuckin ' a . it 's gotta ! vince it 's gotta ! ext . motel - dusk a huge neon sign stand against the grey sky , buzzing angrily , as if it be full of bee . the taxi driver come out of one of the unit , get back in he cab and pull away . int . motel - nick's unit - dusk nick stand in the doorway where the driver have leave he . his duffle bag and the carton of electric appliance be pile along the wall by he foot . his head be throw back and he be drain a bottle of whiskey , gulp it down in great raw swallow . . nick lower the bottle , catch he breath and go at it again . this time , as he lower the bottle , the stark panic be go , but there be still fear -- blind , nameless fear , like that of a animal run to the ground . nick cross to the window , grip the frame with both hand and look out . ext . the steel mill from the motel ( nick be Pov ) - dusk the five great stack trail ribbon of black smoke across the pale winter sky , steam billow upward in huge , silver - edge cloud and there be the flash and gleam of fire . int . motel - nick's unit - dusk nick turn back to the room . he stare at it blankly -- stare at the bed , stare at the bureau , stare at the chair , then he pick up the bottle , close he eye and begin gulp down whiskey -- gulp it hard , fast , as hard and fast as he can . ext . nick's trailer - new angle - dawn the banner stretch to the house across the street have be whipped to shred by the wind . in the yard , park beside nick 's black cadillac , be another car of about the same vintage . there be a case of beer on its roof , the window be entirely frost over and the engine be run . after a moment two steelworkers come down the street and knock on the trailer door . two older women emerge , put on they coat , and then linda come to the door and tell the steelworkers she have no news . the steelworkers and the older women start off , but now one of the women point to the frost up car . the steelworkers go back , pound on the roof of the frost up car , pull open a few door and go on they way . first thing out be a girl . next thing out be a second girl . they dress be rumple and half - undone . neither one have a coat and the second girl be miss a shoe . the girl both plunge back inside the car , where howling and cursing can now be hear . the girl both retrieve they coat . the second girl get she miss shoe , plus a bra and a pair of panty . she return the panty to the first girl , put on she shoe and they both take off at a fast trot . as the two girl leave there be a cascade of empty beer can and albert , vince and JOHN all stagger out -- bleary - eye , hang -over , half undress and freezing . linda come out of the trailer with coffee , but just as she emerge the whistle at the mill go off . albert and vince begin yell at each other , yell at JOHN and yell at linda . then they throw themselves back in the car and start off . the case of beer on the roof crash to the street . they stop , pile out , pick up the can , heave they in the back seat and take off again . JOHN say something to linda and go on he way . linda stand in the yard , alone , with the three cup of coffee . ext . adjoining overlook - dawn nick stand half - way down a rickety wooden stairway , watch . ext . nick's trailer - original angle - dawn linda turn and go back inside the trailer . ext . adjoining overlook - dawn nick swallow and start down the stairway toward the trailer . he hesitates , pull the bottle from he pocket , drain the last of it and tuck it under the stair . straighten up , he claw at he hair , try to comb it with he finger . then he start down again . int . nick's trailer - dawn cake , cookie , six - pack of beer and bottle of wine cover almost every inch of available space . linda sit on the little settee , wedge between two case of coca - cola and hunch over a white sweater which she be attempt , with painful slowness , to knit . linda be try not to cry . she be try she god-damnedest . there be a knock at the door . linda freeze . then , try to be totally matter - of - fact , she put down the sweater , cross to the door and open it . nick guess who . linda stare at he . nick give a little laugh and step in . linda ( throw herself in he arm ) Nick ! oh , Nick , you be back ! she hug he for a moment , as hard as she can , then they pull apart . linda ( cont 'd ) I think ... oh , Nick , I think you be hurt , some accident . maybe you fall or maybe some car ... ( back in he arm ) I think someone steal you away ! nick no . linda oh , Nick ! oh I miss you so ! they pull apart . linda ( cont 'd ) how be you ? nick Fine . I be fine . how be you ? linda Fine . I just go along , you know . down at the market . back here . I mean it just seem there 's a million thing to do !... be you sure you be all right ? I mean , what about the wound ? nick ( anger ) that be nothing . that be not anything . linda but -- nick it be just the complication . I mean , you take a little thing over there and then you get complication . I mean all the guy have it . linda I make you a sweater . ( she get it ) here ... you have to take that off . nick remove he coat . linda pull the sweater over he linda ( cont 'd ) I could not remember you exact size . the sweater be huge , a great rumple thing reach almost to nick 's knee . linda ( cont 'd ) ( smoothly ) oh , that 's fine . perfect ... it be a little too big ... ( she pull the sweater back off ) ... but I can easily fix that . easily . one thing about wool sweater , they be such a cinch to fix . she cross to a garbage pail out of nick 's line of sight and stuff the sweater in it . nick how 's the trailer ? linda great. Fine ... once or twice it do fall off the block . I do not know what that 's from . nick frost . linda be that what it be ? I could not figure out . nick do you get hurt ? you do not get hurt ? linda oh , no . it just kind of go thump . would you like a Coke ? you do not drink Coke . or maybe you do . what about champagne ? let 's have champagne ! I do not think we have champagne . let 's have this . see ? sparkle . I will get you a opener . oh , that 's right . no opener . let 's just have beer . do you want some cheese ? or maybe egg ? maybe we should have coffee . she begin to sob . camera close on her face : linda ( cont 'd ) Nick ? I be so glad you be alive ! I be so happy ! I ... I just do not know what to do ! ext . columbine STREET - day nick and linda be some distance away . nick be shaking hand with a enthusiastic man while linda stand to one side , watch he face , and so full of love that she seem about to burst . another man come over . linda take the man 's arm and present he to nick . we cannot hear what be be say . the only SOUND come from the mill which loom up behind they out the frozen valley below . int . pizza parlor - table by window - day nick and linda sit opposite one another . across the street a coal train be rumbling slowly by and nick be watch it . the car be black , interchangable , and they roll on and on . suddenly the last car appear . the car pass and there be silence . linda give nick a smile . nick it be all for nothing . do you know that ? it be all for nothing . linda stare at he . she do not know what to say , how to respond . nick force a grin , gesture with he hand and shrug . he pick up the check , stand . linda Nick ?... I just want to say how sorry I be about sal and about merle . how ... I know you love they and I know it 's not the same . I mean now . nick naw , it 's ... I mean ... linda maybe ... I do not know , if you want to talk -- nick naw , it 's ... this guy want he money . int . supermarket - back room - day the place be full of crate and box . one crew be unload a tractor-trailer . another crew be stack and unpack . nick stand with linda and a red-face , cigar - chew manager who be pump nick 's hand , slapping he on the back and shouting order all at the same time . manager you do a good job , kid . pettrucio , here ! you do a good job . gimme a count on this pear ! I think we get them now , know what I mean ? the pear , the pear ! ask I , we get them right by the ball , know what I mean ? have a cigar . the pear , pettrucio , the pear !!! he go off . nick ( to Linda ) do this ... I mean , how do this job work out ? linda oh , it 's great . Fine . nick nod . a stock boy come by and whistle . stock boy hi you , hot lip . nick what do they ... bother you !? linda ( take he arm , laugh ) no-o-o! nick I will kill them . anybody bother you , I will kill them ! linda ( gently ) Nick . it 's okay ... it 's okay . ( give he a squeeze , kiss he ) I have to go now . nick nod . linda ( cont 'd ) pick I up at eight . nick nod again . linda hurry off . the manager come in from behind , clap nick on the shoulder and go for he ear manager that 's one sweet little piece of ass . I be tell you , that 's one sweet little piece of ass . who 's get this pear , God damn it ! who 's get the count on this goddamn pear ! ext . steel mill parking lot - day nick stand by the entrance to the mill . it be cold and he look as if he have be wait for some time . suddenly steelworkers begin stream out the door , head for they car . nick crane he neck and then he catch sight of albert and vince . nick hey , Albert ! albert turn . he grab vince and pull he through the depart steelworkers . vince what the --! albert it 's Nick ! vince Nick ...? ( see he ) Jesus , Nick ! vince grab nick 's hand , shake it . then albert do the same . vince ( cont 'd ) where the hell be you ? we be all set -- beer , broad . right ? be I right ? albert yeah . nick I get delay . I -- albert ( hug he ) hey , Nick ! God damn !... what have you be doin ' , I mean ... vince fuckin ' guy 's be shoot slant , Albert ! I mean , what do you think ? albert I know , but ... vince what do you think ? you think he 's be pick flower ? fuckin ' guy 's be save you ass , Albert . everybody 's ass ! even in Europe ! albert yeah . oh , boy , yeah ... jes ' , you must be tired . nick I be fine . hey , I be fine . they start for the car . nick ( cont 'd ) how're you guy ... I mean , how have you guy be ? vince same old thing . hey , same like always . nothing 's change . Albert be get fat . albert look who 's talkin ' ! jes ' ! he get marry ! Vince get marry ! nick married ? albert tell he , Vince . vince yeah . I do . yeah ... what the hell . vince make a gesture , shrug . nick ( after a beat ) well , who would you get marry to ? vince aw , it 's a long story ! albert tell he , Vince ! vince well ... you remember Cynthia ? nick Cynthia ! sure . vince ( nod ) that 's who . nick ( fast recovery ) Cynthia ! hey , that 's terrific . I mean ... great ! that 's really great ! albert show he the gun . hey , show he the gun , Vince . vince look around . Cars be stream out of the lot , horn blaring . vince pull back he coat and show a .38 Smith and Weston in a holster on he hip . nick what the hell 's that for ? vince what 's it for ?? albert he 's serious . Vince be fuckin ' serious ! nick you mean ...? vince hey , Nick , I mean ... this here be for the guy that get catch ! albert Vince think ... you know ... nick ( nod ) hey ... hey , let 's drink ! int . JOHN be bar - night nick come through the crowd of steelworkers shaking hand . the steelworkers treat he with immense respect . there be no crack ; there be no joke . they squeeze he shoulder , pat he back , reach out for he , touch he . steelworkers Nice go ! good go , Nick ! you do good , boy ; you do fine ! let he through ! damn good , boy ! let he through ! he 's all right ! do he part and he do it good ! let he through ! let 's make a little room ! JOHN push out of the crowd . JOHN Nick ! hey , Nick ! ( give he a big hug ) Boy ! Boy oh boy ! be you okay ? you be okay , huh ? nick Fine . hey , I be fine . JOHN sit down . here . right here . ( call ) Albert ! Vince ! JOHN push they all into a booth . a tray arrive load with beer and shot of whiskey . JOHN ( cont 'd ) here . here we go . ( he raise a beer ) here 's to you , Nick ! albert fuckin ' a! vince ( stand ) here 's to Nick , you guy . he do he part . he do ... what hadda be do ... and so he do it ... and here he be !!! int . JOHN be bar - night - later nick sit at the bar flanke by vince and albert . both vince and albert be completely glass out . behind , in the booth , three or four steelworkers be sleep . JOHN move around behind the counter wiping thing off . JOHN Rough , huh ? nick Rough . ( he nod ) we do not have to do it , John . JOHN no ? nick no. how 's Angela ? how 's she take it ? JOHN not so good . nick no ? JOHN worse since she talk to he . albert ( with a dull beery blink ) Fucking A. nick worse since she talk to who ? JOHN sal . nick talk to sal ? ( stare at he ) sal 's alive ? JOHN kind of . you do not know ? nick ( push off the counter ) sal 's alive ??? JOHN , albert and vince exchange glance , nod . albert he 's real bad , Nick . nick ( stare at they ) well , where the hell be he !!! I mean what be we all sit here for !!! ( tear begin stream down he face ) what the hell be this ??? albert Nick ... vince hey , Nick ... JOHN Nick , we do not know where sal be ... Nick , Angela will not tell we . nick why ?... what do you mean ?... why ??? JOHN Nick , she will not say why . nick but sal 's mother ! what about sal 's mother ! JOHN she 's out of she tree , Nick . she be straight out of she tree . nick ( stare at they ) oh , Jesus . he walk in a circle and then stop , stare at they . nick ( cont 'd ) oh , Jesus !!! nick turn and go out . int . sal be house - front parlor - night the room be very dark . angela sit at a lace - cover table by the window where a street lamp illuminate she in a eerie glow . angela hold a portable radio in tier hand , a very tiny one , and she fiddle with the dial , go from one station to another . there be a sound from the hallway , then sal' mother come in with nick . sal' mother I know I know you . so familiar . such a familiar face . oh , I know now ! the toaster man ! I will go and get it for you . sal' mother go out . angela light up a cigarette . angela you be back . nick yeah . angela I be glad . seriously ... I be very glad . nick Angela , I just hear sal be alive . angela sure . why not . nick where ? where be he ? angela Nick , he 's fine . he 's in a hospital and they be fix he up . nick you talk to he ? angela oh , sure ... twice a day . nick what hospital be he in ? where ? angela Nick ... sal be very weak . he suffer a severe wound ... and right now he do not want a whole lot of people to get involved in a whole thing . nick hey , Angela , sal and I go back a long way . angela he do not want people bugging he , Nick ! angela begin to tremble , jab out she cigarette and stand up . she stare at nick for a moment , go to a telephone pad and write down a number in a tiny , nearly illegible scrawl . nick come up behind she . angela finish , put down the pen and stand with she back against the wall . nick tear off the piece of paper , look at it , put it in he pocket . nick Angela ...? angela laugh and give a strange , twisted smile , avoid nick 's eye . angela do you ever think life would turn out like this ? nick no . angela you know what sal 's get now ?... sal 's get ... one arm , Nick , and ... that 's it . the door to the kitchen bang open and sal' mother come in with a electric toaster and a screwdriver . sal' mother here . this be it . what you do , you stick this in here . pushes the toaster in nick 's arm . sal' mother ( cont 'd ) then you jab it , see . jab it good . something 's in it . hear ? listen . something 's in it . what ? what 's there ? ext . russian orthodox church - front step - night nick sit on the step with the toaster that sal 's mother give he in he lap . it be snow and from inside the church we hear the choir singing . the sound be massive , deep and dark , like a great river roll through the night . camera close on nick . he be stare at something , tear glisten in he eye . ext . orthodox church - reverse angle ( nick be Pov ) - night we see a lone telephone booth at the curb . the door be half open and snow be blow in . ext . orthodox church - original angle - night nick close he eye , lean he head forward and take it in he hand . int . motel nick be unit - bathroom - night linda step out of the shower and begin to dry herself . linda it just seem sort of strange come to a motel ... like a honeymoon . or some kind of parlez vous ... not parlez-vous ! ( she giggle ) what be I say ? that 's that cocktail ! parlez-vous !... what I mean be rendezvous . some kind of rendezvous . linda pull on a short and very sexy nightie , then look at herself in the mirror . she be very excited , very nervous . she strike a pose , pull up the bottom of the nightie and poke a finger in she mouth . linda ( cont 'd ) do you know what I mean ?... Nick ? nick do not answer . linda pull the door full open , take one last look at herself and go out . int . motel - nick be unit - bedroom - night as linda come out of the bathroom she face fall and she stop dead in she track . nick be lie on the bed -- sprawle on he back , one shoe off and sound asleep . linda Nick ? nick do not stir , do not budge . linda cross and look at he -- hungrily , top to bottom -- then she give he toe a wistful shake . linda ( cont 'd ) Nick ...? Nick , it 's I ! but nick be out , go . linda let out a little moan and sit down on the chair beside the bed . then , almost immediately , she stand and begin take off he clothes . she take off he shoe , then both sock . as she go to undo he belt , he shirt , which be unbuttone , fall slightly open , revealing a fresh scar . linda stare at the scar for a moment , then she slowly expose the whole of nick 's chest . nick's chest be cover with a series of terrifying fresh scar . the scar be raised ; they be inter - connected and studd with angry suture mark , like a topographical map of some unknown battleground . camera hold on linda' face . dissolve to : int . steel mill - casting room - day nick stand at the handle of a long metal rod . at the other end of the rod albert and vince be attach metallic strip . when albert and vince have secure the strip they signal to nick and all three of they lower they goggle . camera pull slowly back . nick be stand below a furnace which be seven storey high , tower above he into a maze of cat - walk and monstrous steel - hipped crane . albert and vince give a signal and the crane operator raise the door at the bottom of the furnace . nick be now alone , stand like Don Quixote with he lance . as nick advance toward the base of the furnace with he rod the surface of he asbestos suit begin to smoke and bit of lint which have stick to it burst into flame . within reach of the furnace now , nick pause . then , lift the metal rod , he jam it through the open doorway at the base of the furnace . there be a white flash as the metallic strip explode and then a geyser of molten steel erupt in a huge jet through the doorway , pass nick at the level of he shoulder and shower he in a great cascade of white spark . int . JOHN be bar - night nick sit at the bar , silent , hunch over a beer , lose in think . all around he steelworkers be shouting , yell , crack joke . after a moment vince push in , clap he on the back . vince how 's it feel , huh ? how 's it feel to be back ? nick ( force enthusiasm ) great . feel great ... fuckin ' a! vince I mean , I guess you still think about nam . right ? I mean -- nick naw. ( shake he head ) uh-huh . vince hey , Nick , you ever do it with one of that slant ? nick no . vince no ! nick never one . vince oh , Jesus ! ( look around ) you be kiddin ' ! nick one , Vince ... you have to understand , do it with one ... would be ... like nothing . they be small , see , so if you be smart you get about six or eight . I mean , if you want to have any fun . vince six or eight . ( nod ) and they go wild ? nick ( lower he voice ) they have this little stick , Vince . they call they " chomp chomp " , and when you get this girl go , you have to stick them in they mouth . vince stare at nick . his respiration be up , he mouth be bone dry and he eye be as big as saucer . for a moment he belief be total , then a frown cross he face . vince you be full of shit ! nick ( nod ) yeah . vince ( pound he on the head ) and I believe you ! I oughta punch you out ! I oughta ...! hey . hey , let 's go huntin ' ! Albert ! hey , Albert ! let 's go huntin' . what do you say ? Nick ? what do you say ? nick sure . albert hey ! fuckin ' a! hey ! he spot JOHN pass with a tray of beer . albert ( cont 'd ) hey , John ! albert scoops JOHN into he arm where he hold he from behind . JOHN yes , Albert ? albert ( into he ear ) John , we be go huntin' . JOHN who 's go ? albert we be all go . JOHN Nick 's go ? albert Nick , Vince , Albert and John . JOHN no woman ? other no ! no woman ! Jesus ! what be you , crazy ? JOHN take this beer . they all take a beer . JOHN raise he glass , solemnly . JOHN ( cont 'd ) here 's to huntin' . albert hey ! fuckin ' a! vince ( hopping up and down ) just like always ! just like it always be ! right , Nick ? be I right ? nick in the timeless word of squire Albert ... vince crack up , howling . vince squire Albert ... vince collapse on the floor . nick in the timeless word of squire Albert ... all ( in a rag chorus ) hey ! fuckin ' a !!! int . nick's trailer - night nick sit on the bed in the back part of the trailer . his hunt gear be pile on the floor , the light be out and he be stare at the telephone which be illuminate through the window by a street light on the corner . there be a sound outside , then the light come on as linda enter with grocery . linda Nick ? nick right here . linda cross to the doorway . linda what be you do ? nick oh. nothing ... sitting . linda you be go hunt ? nick ( blankly ) what ? linda I see you be go hunt . nick look at the equipment on the floor . nick yeah ... all the guy , we be all go huntin' . like we do . you know ? like we always use to . linda that 's wonderful . I think you should ... fresh air . nick get to he foot , suddenly . his face be twisted with pain and he voice be crack with emotion . nick you know how sometimes you be go along ... you be go along ... and that 's all ...! one thing be right after another , like step ... and you step along . nick can hardly breathe . it be as if he be choke . nick ( cont 'd ) I do not know where that be ... it 's go ! that 's go ! a car pull up outside . the horn begin blow , then vince and albert begin pound on the wall of the trailer . vince ( v.o. ) let 's go !!! albert ( v.o. ) hey ! fuckin ' a! time to roll !!! nick I gotta go . nick swing he pack on he back , pick up he rifle and head for the door . linda follow , still clutching she grocery , she emotion so pulverize she can not even speak . nick ( cont 'd ) I will be ... I do not know ... couple of day . nick be gone . linda stand motionless , clutching her groceries , staring at the trailer door . it be dark outside . snow be blowing in . the door close slowly , with a faint hiss , and then click shut . ext . mountain - mix hardwood forest - day snow be blow , swirl past the trunk of stark , ice cover tree . there be no horizon . Sky and earth be bound in a moan of wind , in the faint creak of freeze limb and the whisper , fitful , spin flake . nick appear , suddenly , as a gust of wind shift the slant snow . nick be move easily , head slightly uphill , follow the contour of the slope . as he draw closer we see that he be follow a set of fresh track . ext . mountain - mix hardwood - rock ledge - day a magnificent seven point buck stand by a grove of hemlock , look down the slope . nick appear below , barely visible in the swirl snow . the buck watch nick for a moment , then turn unhurriedly and vanish into the tree . ext . ridge near camp - day vince be out of breath , claw he way up a steep slope on all four . JOHN and albert , who have reach a level area above vince , unsling they rifle . shot be go off in every direction and the sound be so magnify by echoe that it sound like a full scale war . vince what be you , kiddin ' ? be you kiddin ' I , Albert ? twenty time I coulda have she ! she ...! one time she begge I , practically begge I . listen , I have she tit , which be out , in one hand , and my other hand ... you know that mole on the inside of she right leg ? well , I be past that mole , way past that mole , and I be -- JOHN nudge albert . four deer be come down the slope , single file . JOHN and albert raise they rifle and FIRE . two of the deer fall and the remaining take off . vince , who be just get to he foot , unsling he rifle , trip and fall down . JOHN and albert drag vince to he foot and then rush over to the two dead deer . vince ( cont 'd ) ( come after they ) Nice shootin ' , you guy . not bad . not half bad . leans he rifle on the horn of one of the fall deer . vince ( cont 'd ) ' course how could you miss , right ? twenty , maybe thirty foot . I mean , if I would 'a be where you guy be -- JOHN psst. Vince ! JOHN signal with he head . vince turn . another deer have come out of the wood . the deer be rattle by the gunfire and peer at vince uncertainly . vince spin and grab he gun , which immediately go off . he slam another shell in the chamber and scramble to he foot but the rifle sling be hook on the antler of the dead deer and another shot ricochet off a nearby rock . JOHN and albert dive for cover . as they look up , they see the deer trot down the slope and then vince , fire wildly , run after it . ext . mountain - ridge top - day the wind be much stronger , moan in the tree . nick appear , move fast , at a near trot . suddenly he stop , listen . at the same moment there be a snort . nick wheel . the buck be behind he , bound away . ext . mountain - ridge top - day the buck appear , trot out of the swirl snow . reaching a deadfall the buck pause , look back , and then turn sharp leave and disappear . nick come out of the snow . he be wind but still go hard . ext . mountain - deadfall - day nick reach the deadfall , hesitates , then rapidly spring over . as he touch down on the other side there be a growl sound . nick grab for the deadfall . the wind shift and we see that he have step onto a boulder which be loosely plant at the top of a steep scree slope . as nick watch , the boulder begin to roll , then to bound , dislodge other rock and boulder , all of they bounce and leaping and crack ... and then fall -- soundless -- over a sheer ledge to unknown depth below . ext . busted - down old loggers shack - day albert and JOHN have drag they two dead deer to a log beside the shack . they sit side by side , drench in sweat , guzzle beer out of both hand . JOHN sweet ! oh , that be sweet ! albert hey ! fuckin ' a! just ... just like a hot shit ... except cold . JOHN lower he beer . albert give he a blank expression , then crack up . shot explode nearby . at first the shot be scattered but they quickly open into a full barrage . albert and JOHN stand up . ext . highway embankment - day the deer that vince be chase earlier come hobbling out of the wood pursue by a group of half -drunk hunter . vince come barrel through the hunter , shouting and scream . vince 's clothes be in tatter , the sole be go from one shoe and the barrel of he rifle be jamme up with mud and perceptibly bent . vince I get this one !!! this one 's mine !!! vince lose he foot and roll down the embankment , head over heel . ext . ditch - day vince come up ten foot from the bewilder deer . he raise he rifle , fire , and the barrel split OPEN . shot begin come in , thudding in the mud and ricochete off rock . the deer wheel out on the highway . vince heave he rifle at the deer , draw he pistol ... ext . highway - day Cars be park on both side of the road . hunter be sit in the car , drink , eat sandwich and warming themselves at small fire . more hunter be up on the embankment . vince I get this one !!! this one 's mine !!! the panicked deer bolt down the highway between the park car . the hunter on the embankment open fire . the hunter in the car dive for cover . vince ( cont 'd ) hold you fire ! I get this one !!! vince fire , fire again . shot be ringing everywhere . hunter be shouting , run , yell . a car window go out , a headlight go out . the deer be hit , fall and get up . vince take aim . a fleeing hunter bowl he over . the deer bolt for the wood , bullet smash all around it . vince scramble to he foot and plunge after it . vince ( cont 'd ) I get it ! I get this one ! ext . wood - day the deer stagger through the tree , blood pour from its wound . vince come stumbling after it . he fire , fire again . ext . busted - down old loggers shack - day albert and JOHN stand with they beer , look into the wood . a shot zing by , close , and they dive behind a log . the deer come out of the wood , barely able to keep move . vince appear , reeling . he take aim at the deer and there be a dull click . vince jam he pistol back in he holster . vince gun ! gimme gun !!! albert indicate he rifle . vince stumble over to it , ram a cartridge in the chamber . vince ( cont 'd ) ( look around , bewilder ) where 's it go ? JOHN Inside , Vince . vince stagger to the cabin door . the deer be lie on the floor , motionless , dead . vince I get it ! hey , you guy , I get it !!! ext . mountain - frozen lake - day the wind be blow in gust , slant the snow first one way and then the other . nick appear in the distance , a black speck in the endless expanse of shifting white . as nick draw closer we see that he be near exhaustion . his clothes be , cake with snow , he breath come in a shallow gasp and he gait be uneven , favor one leg . as nick approach camera he falter and limp to a stop . there be no track . there be nothing to go by and he hunker down in the drive snow . the wind bang in from one way , then it shift and bang in again from another way . suddenly it stop entirely . in the silence there be a sound -- the click of a hoof on rock . nick turn . the buck be stand on the shoreline , not thirty foot away , look down at he . nick push himself to he foot , raise he rifle and sight down the barrel . we see the buck through nick's sight . it be a clear shot . nick's finger be on the trigger . he have only to squeeze it . nick lower he rifle . the buck snort , toss he horn and disappear in the slanting snow . nick stand motionless , staring after it , so wonder -struck he have forgotten to breathe . nick ( grin ) damn ... God damn ... ext . mountain - overlook - day nick sit on he haunch with he back against a sheer rock face . as he devour a hostess twinkie he look out over a snow - shroud landscape of such spectacular beauty that it might be something from a dream . nick ( shout ) hey ! hey ... okay ! int . busted - down old loggers shack - night the coleman lantern hang from the rafter , rock in the wind . nick be propped against the wall , doze . JOHN be out cold . albert and vince be both drunk and argue bitterly . albert you be full of shit , Vince ! you be so full of shit you be go to float away ! vince who ? who be ? albert you , Vince ! you ! you be ! you be a crock ! you be a walk , talk crock !... I mean , what do you know ? vince I know ! I fuckin ' know ! albert you do not ! vince I do !!! albert I be tellin ' you she do it , Vince ! with twenty guy you know ! vince she do not ! albert then what 's the gun for ! what 's this for ? vince in case !!! the gun 's in case !!! albert in case ???!!! in case of what ? in case you stumble on she , suckin ' cock in the front fuck hall ?! vince she might !!! she might do it , Albert , but you can not fuckin ' tell I that she do !!! albert she do , Vince ! that 's what I be tell you ! she do !!! vince be sheet - white , tremble . he grab up the pistol and cock it . vince ( shriek ) say that one more time !... say it !!! go on , say it !!! nick be half - way up the wall , still half - asleep , stare at the pistol in disbelief . suddenly he spring , seize the gun with one hand and slam vince to the floor . vince get up . nick slug he in the face , knee he in the stomach and begin pound he head against the wall . albert lurch over , pull nick away . albert Nick ! Nick , you will kill he !... easy . Nick , easy ! hey , hey . Vince go back a long way . nick ( grimly ) yeah . vince get to he foot . blood be stream down he face . vince what the hell be that ! ( pick up the pistol ) what do you think ? do you think it be load ! nick you load it , Vince ! I see you ! vince the fuck I do !!! nick the fuck you do not !... gimme that ! nick take the pistol . vince what do you think ? you think I do not know !!! nick look at he , then he empties the pistol into the floor . for a moment there be absolute silence . the wind moan in the tree , snow curl through the open door and JOHN , who be still soundly sleep , find a new note on which to snore . nick look down at the pistol , turn it over in he hand ... nick I be go to throw this fuckin ' thing away . nick go out . ext . busted - down old loggers shack - night for a moment nick stand in the light from the door , listen to the wind . he look down at the pistol again , then he heave it into the tree . the wind gust . the snow swirl and hiss , slip through the wood in great stream wraith . nick watch it for a moment , then he turn and go back in . ext . nick's trailer - dusk the trailer be lonely look , dark and cold . vince pull into the yard beside nick 's car and skip to a stop . nick get out , say a few word to vince and everyone laugh . nick go around to the trunk , remove he gear , slam the lid and pound on the car . vince take off , thudding over the curb with he load of three dead deer . nick cross to the trailer and go inside . int . v.a. hospital - recreation room - night two dozen amputees in wheelchair be watch a western . int . v.a. hospital - corridor off recreation room - night in the foreground a nurse hold a telephone . Beyond the nurse we see a wizzene figure in a wheelchair come slowly down the polished corridor . as the figure draw closer we realize it be sal . sal be dress in a white hospital gown , the bottom of which hang over the front of the wheelchair and trail limply on the floor . both sal 's leg have be amputate and he have lose one arm . his face be terribly scar and what expression he display be center in he eye . sal take the telephone . the soundtrack from the movie in the recreation room be very loud . sal hello ? int . nick's trailer - night nick sit in a little chair by the window , still in he hunt clothes , huddle anxiously over the receiver . nick sal ? sal , it 's I , Nick . sal Nick . hey . how 's thing ? nick oh . you know . how 's it with you ? sal same . hey . same old stuff . nick ( he can hardly hear ) what 's that noise ? sal what ? nick what 's that noise ? sal John Wayne ... listen , Nick -- nick great . hey . that 's great . sal listen , Nick -- nick John Wayne 's great ... listen , sal. Jesus . when be you get out ? sal I be gonna stay here , Nick . nick ( hearing it ) what ? sal ( with everything he have ) place be great . really . one great place ... basketball , bowl . you name it . canasta . heart . lot of guy be make salad bowl . what I will do be make a salad bowl for you , unless you would rather have a pencil holder . the pencil holder 's neat , I mean -- nick wait a minute . sal. hold it . John Wayne 's make so much noise I can hardly -- sal I gotta get back , Nick . sal look around in desperation . sal ( cont 'd ) they be pass out popcorn now , so I will be talk to you ... maybe next year . int . nick's trailer - night nick hold the receiver , stare into it . there be the SOUND of whooping , grunting , thundering hoove ... nick sal ?... sal ? int . v.a. hospital - corridor off recreation room - night sal be wheeling himself rapidly down the polished corridor . at the doorway to the recreation room he pause , look back at the dangling receiver . then he turn and disappear into the flicker darkness , where bugle be sounding a cavalry charge . int . nick's trailer - night nick listen to the SOUND of the bugle for a moment , then put the receiver back on the telephone . he stand , walk around in a little circle - pain , terribly upset . his eye fall on the clock . it be nearly eight o'clock . he turn , hurry out the door . ext . supermarket parking lot - night the lot be empty except for score of abandon shopping cart which a clerk be bang together . nick get out of he car and go in . int . supermarket - night two or three checker be close out the register up front . checker she 's in back . nick thanks . checker how be huntin' ? nick oh. Fine . checker get anything ? nick no . checker too bad . nick go down a long aisle of bright package . come out at the back he find linda sit in a green plastic chair , cry . nick Linda ... honey , what 's wrong ? linda ( helpless shrug ) I do not know . nick hey. look . there must be something . linda look at he , tear stream down she face . linda I be just so lonely . nick c'mon . I have get the car . linda ( shake she head ) I will be out ... just leave I . I will be out . I be fine . really . I be fine . nick walk back down the aisle between the bright package . int . nick be car - supermarket parking lot - night the clerk be still collect abandon shopping cart . the cart crash and clank as the clerk ram they together . nick sit behind the wheel , watch the clerk . his hand begin shaking uncontrollably and he get back out of the car . ext . supermarket parking lot - nick be car - night nick watch the light go out in the market . linda come out of the door and cross towards he . nick you okay ? linda nod . nick fumble for the door . linda let 's make love , Nick . linda take he in she arm and hold he tight . linda ( cont 'd ) let 's make love forever ! int . nick's trailer - night linda be asleep - lie on she back , arm flung out across the pillow , like a dancer leaping . nick stand beside the bed , wrap in a blanket , look down at she . after a moment he draw the cover over she , fuss with she slipper until they be straight and then go to the window . ext . STREET in front of nick's trailer ( nick be Pov ) - night the wind be blow . bit of trash skitter and swirl in the freeze rut and a cat come by , meowing . suddenly a man appear walk slowly down the street . the man be elegantly dress in western attire , wear a tailore suit with vest , polished boot and a stetson hat . as the man draw under the light of a street lamp he pause , look at nick 's trailer . the man be merle , or if not merle it be a face so strikingly similar that nick almost lets out a cry . the man under the STREET lamp pause , just for a instant , then he turn and move on down the STREET . int . nick's trailer - night nick back away from the window . for a moment he stand motionless , hardly able to believe he eye . he look over at linda , he look down at a chair , then he push he face to the window again . ext . STREET ( nick be Pov ) - night the street be empty . the man be go . int . nick's trailer - night nick hesitates , then he shed the blanket and pull on pants , shirt , jacket and jam he sockless foot into a pair of slice . ext . nick's trailer - night nick come out into the street . there be no one in sight . nick cross to the intersection of Columbine . ext . intersection of columbine - night no one . nothing . a beer can roll in the wind . nick jam himself against a wall , zipper he jacket . he be irk with himself , a little frighten . suddenly he hear a car door close and en engine start up . a black limousine pull out of a nearby street and come past he slowly . a chauffeur be at the wheel . the passenger in back appear to be the man he see , but the man be look out the window on the other side and he face be not visible . as nick watch , the limousine rapidly gather speed . the tail light grow small , then the car dip over a hill and disappear . int . v.a. hospital - recreation room - day sunlight stream through a window . the television be go . in a far corner sal sit in he wheelchair , sleep . camera close slowly on sal . his head have fall to one side and he single arm stick into the air -- as if he have fail in he grasp of something , as if he be drown . on a tray in front of he be a untouched breakfast of orange juice , milk and a little box of wheaty . int . v.a. hospital - emergency stairway - day someone be descend the stair . after a moment the foot appear , clad in expensive cowboy boot . we see expensive , tailor- make trousers , a belt buckle emboss with a six shooter ... and then , suddenly , merle' face . merle slow in he descent , stop , look at something . ext . v.a. hospital entrance ( merle' Pov ) - day nick be get out of a cab . he pay the driver and start toward the building . int . v.a. hospital - emergency stairway - day merle watch nick for a moment , he face utterly without expression , then merle continue down the stair . ext . hospital ground - day nick be push sal down a walkway . nick sal , we need you . we need you . sal hey , Nick . how can you need I ? nick we do , sal . we do ... you be the heart . turn sal and sit on a bench . nick ( cont 'd ) sal , you be gonna die ! you be gonna sit in that corner watch soap and you be gonna die !... I be not say it 's gonna be the same . it 's not gonna be the same , but whatever it 's gonna be we be all gonna do it , sal . God damn it we be ! we be gonna do it ! sal Nick . I be so scared . I be so fuckin ' scared to go home . nick ( nod ) I know . it 's like come from the moon . or Mars . sal laugh . sal do you go hunt . nick yeah . sal do you get one ? nick no . sal you do not get a deer ? nick I track this one , a big buck . God , he be such a beauty --! what 's this suitcase here ? sal where ? nick here . behind you . nick pull a suitcase off the rack behind sal 's chair . sal I do not know . nick set the suitcase on a low wall and start to undo the clasp . nick maybe Angela bring you stuff . I know she say -- the suitcase slip over the back of the wall . nick ( cont 'd ) shit ! nick swing up on the wall and then he freeze . the lid of the suitcase have pop open and bundle of money be scattered all down the slope of a steep embankment . sal Mom keep send I sock , Nick . I mean , if it 's sock or something just let them go . ext . hospital ground - embankment with money - day nick look down at the money scattered at he foot . the bundle be make up of hundred and they be everywhere . sal ( v.o. ) maybe you could use sock , Nick . Jesus , I mean , come to think of it sock be pretty expensive now . nick it 's not sock , sal . nick bend over the suitcase and begin go through look for identification . there be nothing . as he straighten up he notice a wad - up piece of paper lie beside one of the bundle of bill . the paper be about a inch square . the corner be tatter and it look as if it have be carry in someone 's pocket for a long time . nick pick the paper up , realize it be a call card and unfold it . the card read " exhibition " . it contain a telephone number on the lower left corner and be identical to the card armand give to nick when he come upon he in the garden behind he roulette game in saigon . ext . hospital ground - valley overlook - day nick lean on a railing watch the black , interchangeable car of a coal train roll slowly by . sal sit with the suitcase of money in he lap , utterly bewilder , cry . sal who be it , Nick ? who be it ? I do not understand . nick look at sal . his head be spin and he bring himself back with effort . nick it 's merle , sal . sal merle ? ... merle 's alive ? ( nick nod ) how do you know ? nick I see he last night . I think I be dream . I think I be out of my mind . sal merle give I this ? nick yeah . sal but , Nick ... hey , I mean , where would a guy like merle get money like this ? nick be stand slightly behind sal , look down at the money . the reality of what merle be do , have nearly overwhelm he and it be only with tremendous effort that he maintain a casual tone . nick oh card , maybe . poker ... it 's get cold , sal . I be go to take you in . ( start off ) we will call Angela . the guy can help she bring you home ... do I tell you I be go on a trip ? sal ( panicked ) trip ? what do you mean , Nick ? you say you would be -- nick it 's okay . hey , it 's okay ! just a week . just to see phantom Mary . sal phantom Mary ? nick do not I ever tell you about phantom Mary ? sal ( laugh ) no . nick ( start off again ) well ... phantom Mary 's on my mother 's side . naturally no one there admit it because phantom Mary 's pretty weird ... you want to hear the whole story ? sal ( enthusiastically ) yeah ! nick like I say , phantom Mary 's pretty weird ... live alone , life way out in the middle of nowhere with a cat call pajamas and a cow call Fred . well , last week I get a call from phantom Mary , which in itself be very strange ... dissolve to : int . terminal build - U.S. army airfield - TEXAS - day the place be a madhouse of activity . as jet scream overhead troops embark for saigon be be count and recount . sergeant be yell off name . clerk be type form and papers . forklift truck weave in and out , driver cursing . nick be back in uniform . he stand at a window watch a jet transport be prepare for load . a clerk come by , argue with a sergeant . the clerk set down he clipboard to consult the sergeant 's papers . nick pick up the clipboard and move into the crowd . int . terminal build - another location - day nick spot a lone second lieutenant sit on he gear . more officer be wait nearby but the second lieutenant seem not to know they . nick move in close enough to read the second lieutenant 's name tag . nick ( bawling ) biederman ! where 's biederman ! lieutenant here . nick you biederman ? lieutenant biederman , yes . nick I get you on this flight , biederman . be that right ? biederman correct . nick follow I , please . int . terminal build - warehouse area - day nick walk along briskly with the lieutenant at he side . nick right this way . int . terminal build - warehouse area - day nick come to a door , open it . nick through here . int . terminal build - utility closet - day the lieutenant walk into the closet and come to a stop , look puzzle . nick come in behind he , close the door and pick up a length of pipe . nick take off the uniform . the lieutenant stare at nick , dumbfounded . nick ( cont 'd ) take off the uniform , Lieutenant ! the lieutenant nod , begin take off he uniform . int . terminal build - utility closet - day nick have change into the lieutenant 's uniform and tie he to a chair . the lieutenant be in tear . nick be go through he order . lieutenant please ! please mister , please ! this be vital I go to saigon . this be very important . most important . nick ( exasperate ) listen , biederman , I be go to club you into the floor unless you tell I what the fuck be so important . lieutenant that I must not tell you . top secret . you see there . topmost secret . nick biederman ! lieutenant ( stiffly ) I will not betray my country . no. ne-ver ! nick throw down the pipe in disgust , whip a gag around the lieutenant 's mouth and tie it . nick when I get to saigon I will tell them where you be . slam the door . ext . saigon airport - terminal build - night viet cong sapper have just attack . a number of jet fighter be burn , body be strewn over the tarmac and jeep with soldier be racing back and forth . out beyond , the jet transport taxi into view , lumber like a great silver monster out of the night . int . jet transport - night nick stand in the aisle next to a colonel who be peer out the window . colonel Jesus Christ , they hit the airport ! nick nod . colonel ( cont 'd ) that fuckin ' nigger . this time I be go to eat ball !... you ever try them ? nick naw . colonel ( lean close ) not bad fresh , but they do not keep worth a pig 's fart . nick nod . everyone start out . colonel ( cont 'd ) lotta guy do not know that . ( wink ) asshole ! ext . jet transport - debarkation ramp - night a siren be scream in the distance . nick look around nervously . the colonel be still right in beside he . colonel tell you something else . do not eat them in the damn Delta . unless you like them fishy ... some do . I do not . I never do . the scream of the siren grow louder . suddenly a Jeep careen around the corner follow by a huge black cadillac fly american flag on the fender . both vehicle screech to a stop and a mp jump out of the jeep with a loud hailer . mp ( amplify ) Lieutenant biederman ! Lieutenant biederman report to the ramp ! colonel that 's you . ( grab nick 's arm and wave ) right here , sergeant ! he 's right here ! mp right this way , Lieutenant . nick be hurried to the limousine where a second mp hold the door . second mp Quick as you can , sir . we be in a rush . nick get in the limousine . the second mp slam the door , jump in the front and they take off with siren wail . int . limousine - saigon - night there be jeep with mp 's ahead ; there be jeep with mp 's behind . seat beside nick be a gigantic marine corporal who stare rigidly ahead . ext . cavalcade - saigon - night pedestrian and bicyclist flee as the cavalcade come scream down a wide boulevard . ext . american embassy - saigon - night the jeep peel off to the side . the gate swing open and the limousine enter the compound . int . american embassy - reception area - night a string quartet be play . guest in evening clothes be drink champagne . nick enter with the marine corporal and be whisk rapidly down a hallway . int . american embassy - kitchen - night nick stand in front of a huge range stare down at a table . on the table there be a basket of egg , a omelette pan and a pile of mushroom . across from the table six servant with napkin on they arm stand wait with plate . marine ( v.o. ) Sir ? nick turn . the marine corporal be hold a chef 's hat . nick take off he cap , put on the chef 's hat . suddenly a door come open and the american ambassador and he wife come in . ambassador henri ! so good to see you . how be you ? how be you ? darling , this be henri . henri , my wife Elizabeth . wife my pleasure . ambassador henri , we be starve . six omelettes , s'il vous plait . wife ( hiss ) avec champignon . ambassador avec champignon . ( back to he wife ) fine herbes ? the wife shake she head . the ambassador wink . ambassador ( cont 'd ) avec champignon . the ambassador and he wife hurry out . there be dead silence . nick pull the marine corporal to one side , point to he crotch . nick pee-pee . int . american embassy - corridor off kitchen - night nick come down the corridor behind the marine corporal . as he pass a straight - back chair stand against the wall he pick it up and swing it down on the marine corporal be head . the blow be ferocious . the chair splinter into piece and the marine corporal go down with a dull thud . nick stand for a moment , look at he . then he kneel , remove he pistol and jam it in he belt . ext . american embassy - walkway to pedestrian exit - night Three marine guard be stand at parade rest by a open iron gate . as nick appear in he white chef 's hat the guard snap to attention and he walk into the crowd of asian stream by outside . ext . telephone booth - busy intersection - night nick take out he wallet , extract the tatter call card that he find with sal be money and dial the number . he let it ring a long time but there be no answer . ext . deserted STREET with shutter build - night nick be not sure where he be . suddenly he stop , recognize the yard with the little grape arbor where he meet armand . ext . yard behind shutter build - night the yard be grow over . as nick go in there come a low buzz of fly . he trip over something , draw back . see a candle on the little table under the grape arbor , he cross and light it . the yard be full of discard champagne bottle , red velvet cushion and rotting corpse . nick lean over one of the corpse . the skin be fall away and the eye socket writhe with maggot . nick straighten , look around . nick merle !!! the back door to the building be open . nick draw he pistol and go in . int . shutter build - night nick find he way block by a door . he step back , hurl himself against it . the door give way with a crash and he stagger into the middle of a small stage hang with red velvet curtain and furnish with a table and two chair . out beyond the proscenium , huddle together in a litter of break cafe table , a family of refugees stare at he in terror from the other side of a small fire . nick ( wave pistol ) it 's okay . the refugees cower back even further . nick ( cont 'd ) ( scream ) it 's okay , God damn it ! it 's all right ! pounding and banging come from the direction of the front door . nick cross ... int . shutter build - front door - night nick ready he pistol , cautiously unbolt the door and jerk it open . the colonel from the airplane tumble in and fall flat on he back . stand in the doorway , light by the headlight of two car , be a party of U.S. officer , ARVN officer and whore . colonel ( no attempt to get up ) hey , good buddy , how you doin ' ? ( gesture ) this be biederman , you guy . biederman , this be Son loc , tu fon , huckerbelly and pott . what 's the story here , biederman ? we be look for ... wait a minute . he fish a piece of paper out of he breast pocket . colonel ( cont 'd ) here it be . chez armand . whore chez armand not here ! chez armand have go to other spot ! colonel ( get up ) honey , c'mere . come right here . the colonel open a brown paper bag he be carry and present she with a large red , white and blue dildo . colonel ( cont 'd ) this be for bein ' so smart . the whore shriek with pleasure . everyone laugh . colonel ( cont 'd ) ( arm around whore ) let 's go ! mount up ! c'mon biederman ! the colonel throw a arm around nick and they all start for the car . colonel ( cont 'd ) ( to nick ) Boy , do I love this conflict . huh ?... what the hell be you doin ' in there ? nick you know a guy name merle ? colonel merle ? that 's who we be look for . merle . nick yeah ? colonel sure ! I get eight hundred potato say he go one more ... he retire , you know . nick yeah ? colonel now he 's back . pull nick close so he can whisper in he ear . colonel ( cont 'd ) he eat them ... sure ... he eat them raw ! ext . rubber plantation - saigon outskirt night a elegant house of french design be ablaze with light . the house be encircle by a stone terrace on which table have be set up . over the terrace and strung out for a hundred yard into the surround tree be countless paper lantern which bob and sway in the wind . guest be everywhere -- wander in and out of the house , sit at the table and strolling under the tree . for the most part the guest be AMERICANS and south vietnamese . the majority of this be officer in uniform , but there be numerous civilian mix among they and the civilian be attire in everything from sport shirt to white linen suit and tuxedo . as to nationality there be no limit . there be french , german , belgian , swiss , chinese , british and australian . whore and mistress abound . wive be not greatly in evidence , except to dog the heel of heavily armed ARVN guard who wander about , glass - eye , drink champagne . ext . rubber plantation - parking area - night jeeps , personnel carrier , truck and light tank be park side by side with gleam mercede limousine , staff car from various government agency and a blitz of civilian vehicle run from sedan to motor scooter . more vehicle arrive by the minute and exotic couple , like plume bird , debark in the swirl dust . ext . rubber plantation - clearing in tree - night a dozen ARVN helicopter have put down between the tree . one have crash and lie on its side with a break rotor . there be a mount clatter in the distance and another helicopter come out of the sky . as it set down a dashingly handsome AIR force officer hop out and extend a hand to he wife . when he wife have descend the officer open a back compartment in the fusilage and carefully take out they baby . he hand the baby to he wife and they stroll off toward the house . int . rubber plantation - house - night gambling table be set up in all the room . the betting be heavy , champagne flow like water and the atmosphere be one of reckless abandon , as if money , like love , be good for a hour . ext . rubber plantation - roulette stage - night low bleacher cover in red velvet be set in a semi-circle face a small stage . the stage be light with a single , blindingly bright spotlight and be furnish with a table and two velvet - cover chair . two contestant , both of they vietnamese , sit opposite one another . between they , lie on the table , be a revolver . both contestant be dress in tuxedo . both wear red number on they downstage arm . although the bleacher be not yet full , eager bettor jam the first three row . here clerk with change trays take the bet , signal each transaction to a marker who chalk the shifting odd on a large board . camera close on nick , stand in the aisle , stare in disbelief at the evolution of the game he once play . now a referee enter the stage carry two strip of scarlet cloth . referee ( amplify ) game number seven . gentlemen will please wrap . the contestant wrap they head with the scarlet cloth . referee ( cont 'd ) ( as he load revolver ) one cartridge . game to be play to completion . forfeit automatic after delay of one minute . the referee place the pistol back in the center of the table and spin a wheel whose - interval be alternately mark L and R . the wheel clatter to a stop with the marker on L. referee gentleman on the leave will now commence play . the referee step out of the light . a go sound . the contestant on the leave pick up the pistol , spin the cylinder , cock it and place it to he temple . he hesitates , pull the trigger ... and click out . nick be unable to bear it . he turn , start around toward the back of the stage . as nick move through the guest we hear the SOUND of the cylinder clicking , amplified over a p.a. system . we hear the click of the hammer be cocked ... nick turn . the second contestant have the pistol to he temple . he pull the trigger ... the gun goe off with a deafening roar and he topple on the floor . the first contestant step forward as the spotlight narrow to contain he alone . he bow , clasp he hand above he head and dance around . nick stare at the first contestant celebrate he victory . he look around he . bettor be scream and yell in five language . nick start off again , hurry . ext . rubber plantation - backstage area night nick come upon a pile of six naked corpse with they head blow off . opposite the corpse -- sit , stand , pace , squatting in the dirt -- be a group of waiting contestant . some of this be american . most be south vietnamese , several of whom have come with wive and family . a few of the contestant be well dress , most be in rag . three . of the waiting contestant be wearing tuxedos . suddenly a woman with a baby let out a shriek . nick spin . two burly men appear , bring the corpse of the second contestant . as the woman with the baby begin sobbing and scream with grief the burly men strip the tuxedo off the second contestant and then , as each article be summarily remove , they begin dress one of the waiting contestant in it . armand ( v.o. ) if you be brave and lucky I can make you rich . nick turn and find armand behind he . armand study he for a fraction of a second and then smile . armand ( cont 'd ) c'est tre amusant ... you have be promote . and to a Jew ... I be joke of course . naturellement . seriously , Nick , may I hope that you have come to play ? nick I come to see merle . armand ah. merle . and you know merle ? nick yeah . armand ( study he ) you be he friend . nick where be he ??? armand ( faint smile ) merle be under he tree ... beside the terrace . you can not miss he . ext . rubber plantation - tree by terrace - night guest be still come in from the car , strolling down through the tree in bright covey and flock , chatter like bird . laughter come from the terrace . Glass tinkle and the tiny lantern bob and sway . nick appear , hurry down the step . suddenly he stop . merle be sit at a table under a nearby tree . he be alone , dress in a tuxedo , watch the arrive guest with a expression of dreamy detachment , as if they be rain drop , or snow flake , or fall stone . nick ( shout ) merle ! merle turn , watch nick as he cross toward he . when nick reach the table , he stand . nick ( cont 'd ) merle ...! Jesus ! hey , how be you ? merle Nick !... I think you go home . nick I do . I ... this be steal . I come back . merle sit down . nick sit . merle 's self - possession have throw he . he do not know where to start . merle ( cont 'd ) ( break the silence ) how 's Linda ? nick Fine . she 's fine ... merle , what the hell be you do ? merle ( eye he ) I like it , Nick . nick merle ... hey , merle , listen ... ( stare at he ) why ? for a moment merle do not answer . his eye be pale , like fade robin 's egg , and they seem to look through nick , as if to some landscape far beyond . merle I like it because it 's simple . a beautiful vietnamese girl step up and whisper something in merle 's ear . merle ( cont 'd ) ( stand ) I have to go , Nick . we will have a drink . merle and the vietnamese girl move into the crowd . nick merle ...! merle , wait ! nick start after they . he can see they ahead , move rapidly through a group of ARVN officer and whore . nick ( cont 'd ) merle !!! nick see he can never overtake they directly . he cut around to the terrace . ext . rubber plantation - terrace - night nick maneuver he way down to the end of the terrace . nick Excuse I ... sorry ... sorry ... pardon . nick reach the end of the terrace . merle and the beautiful vietnamese girl have disappear . ext . rubber plantation - terrace - night nick sit at one of the table . the terrace be desert . referee ( v.o. ) gentleman on the right will now commence play . ext . rubber plantation - house - night the game table be utterly desert . as nick wander through the empty room the SOUND of the game continue over the p.a. system -- the SOUND of the cylinder spinning , the SOUND of the hammer be cocked ... and click after click into empty chamber . suddenly nick can stand it no more . he turn and start toward the entrance to the bleacher . a shot explode over the p.a. system . nick freeze , then he run . ext . rubber plantation - roulette theatre - night nick appear at the back of the aisle between the bleacher . the crowd be go wild , yell and scream . nick push through a group of bettor and then stop . a look of stunne relief spread over he feature . on the stage a tall figure stand alone in the spotlight , head bow in acknowledgement of the ovation . nick grin . he begin yell and scream along with everyone else . on the stage the tall figure raise he head , pump he fist in the air and begin hoot maniacally . ... we now see , as doe nick , that the tall figure in the spotlight be not merle at all . it be merle' opponent . int . v.f.w. post - basement - day pipe crisscross the ceiling and there be the faint hiss of leak steam . seat on a bench and all dress - up in they uniform be five old vets . two vets be on the nod . the other three -- rheumy - eye and ancient -- give patient attention to the sixth vet who stand beside the boiler with a bugle , try to play tap . vet 1 up a little there ... what would you say ? vet 2 up. the vet with the bugle try it again , flub it , start over ... int . v.f.w. post - MAIN hall - day Three table have be set up in the middle of the floor . the table have be laid with white cloth and the older women be set out fresh flower and lay the place for a funeral breakfast . they work in silence , fussing over the placement of each knife and fork . as the women work we hear the SOUND of the choir singing as the service progresses in the church . at first the SOUND be barely audible , easily matched by the faint note of the vet with the bugle in the basement below . but now the SOUND of the choir grow -- a SOUND as deep as water , as dark as night ; a SOUND like stone . gradually , one by one , the older women stop fussing with the table . they stand motionless , listen . ext . greek orthodox church - front step - day a hearse wait at the curb . the day be windless , cold and grey snow be drift down and the gleam vehicle emit a ghostly cloud of white exhaust . the SOUND of the choir be much louder , ascending in dark triumph to a sudden , final note . in the ringing silence of the music' end the door to the church swing open . nick , vince , albert and JOHN appear with merle 's flag - drape coffin . follow by mourner , they bear the coffin slowly down the step . ext . cemetery - day snow drift down from a leaden sky as the mourner stand together on a steep hillside of tilt , weather - wear headstone . the mill loom behind they , breathe roiling cloud of steam and uttering a dull concordia of clank and groan . ext . cemetery - grave site - day the priest complete he read of the 23rd psalm . the mourner join in the lord prayer . camera close on nick , vince , albert , JOHN and sal . they help sal to the side of the grave . it be awkward . the chair get stick and they have to carry it . they all pick up a handful of dirt and then , follow nick 's lead , they throw it in . nick step back from the grave , nod to the vets . the vets come to attention . the vet with the bugle step forward and tremblingly , but perfectly , plays tap . int . v.f.w. post - MAIN hall - day the meal be over . the women be drink coffee , the men be smoking and put down the beer . there be mute laughter and conversation . nick sit at the head of one of the table , flanke by linda and sal . he look stunne . his food be untouched , there be tear in he eye and he hardly seem to know where he be . linda eat something , Nick . eat a piece of toast . nick nod , pick up a piece of toast and then , forget all about it , lay it absently on he plate . vince come up behind nick , look somewhat officious in a new blue suit . vince you want to say a few word , Nick ? I think you should . like that would wind thing up . nick nod . vince rap on a glass . vince ( cont 'd ) quiet !... quiet !!!... awright , everybody , Nick have a few word . nick ( very shaky ) I just ... would like to say a few word ... about merle . I guess merle always want something ... I do not know ... better . that fuck guy , he save my life . he save sal 's ... what merle like , he like thing right ... but then there be not any place for that ... that he could find . tear be stream down nick 's face and he sit down , look miserable . vince ( hiss ) John ! play something ! JOHN go to the piano , hurried along by vince . he sit down , cast a quick glance to the ceiling and begin play " America the beautiful " . a few voice be singing . other join in . albert stand up . then everyone stand up . the end