the haunting of hill house by David self revision by Michael tolkin base on the novel by shirley Jackson 11/10/98 initial shoot script note : the hard copy of this script contained scene number . they have be removed for this soft copy . begin MAIN title sequence . at the very edge of hearing , the tone of human voice . unintelligible , babbling , eerie . then a loud flapping SOUND . it shift from one side of the theater to the other , like something move among the wall hanging . as the title appear , the noise mount , drown out the voice , agitate , become violent , bang ... inhuman . fade in : ext . housing project , charlestown , massachusett - day on a housing project in the industrial outskirt of Boston . the banging seem to flutter away , lead we along , search ... to a tiny balcony , one of dozen , ten storey up . and there , the source of the sound -- -- a sheet , snap in the wind . the umbrella-like clothes line on which it hang bang against a dirty glass door as if try to get in . through the glass door a woman pace inside , agitate . the voice rise over the bang , become intelligible -- int . live room , nell apartment - day -- become a fight . jane , 30 , dark - haire , furious , wheel across a diminutive , neat , but poor live room . jane it will take a month to probate the will , nell ! a month ! even if mother leave you something , you will not get it in time to pay the rent . so instead of complain , you should be thanking Lou for get you this two week to get mother 's thing pack . at first we can not even see who she 's yell at . at first we do not even notice she . then we do ... holding herself , in a dim corner away from the light , small , plain , like a part of the fade room be eleanor vance , 20' -- nell . she stare at the door . the clothes line rap at the begrime glass . jane ( cont would ) nell ? the wind die , the bang stop . nell seem to hear Jane and peer over at she , then across the room to Jane 's bored husband , lou . he 's turn a Franklin mint commemorative coin set in he hand , study it . lou you be still go to have to settle with you mother 's landlord on the back rent . nell watch Jane 's little boy , richie . unpacify by the cartoon on the tv , he plow a plastic tank across a shelf through neat row of delicate porcelain doll . nell I be not go to stay . I will get a job . I will get my own apartment . richie knock a porcelain doll off , and it break all over the carpet . his parent do not notice . but nell feel it in the soul . richie stop . a long beat . he look at she , insolent , then plow on with he tank . jane nell . a job ? two month and where be this job ? you have no degree , you have never work -- nell explode in outrage fury , startling we . nell -- I have never work ? -- jane you have no experience in the world ... the regular world . what would you put on a resume ? ( beat , soften ) now we all appreciate what you do for mother . be not that right , Lou ? lou eleven year . Long time . jane that 's why we have be talk . with I get more time in accessory , and Lou at the shop all day , we need somebody to take care of richie , do a little clean and cooking . and in return you can have the extra room . she go to Lou , put a hand on he shoulder , proud of she generosity . all nell can do be stare . and then : knock knock . like a shot nell be out of the chair and turn for a set of french door across the room . it 's all reflex . nell catch herself . knock knock . richie , lie on the couch like he 's sick , rap on the wall with a wooden cane and squeal : richie Eleanor , help I ! I have get to pee ! nell react , but rather than be amused or annoyed , a wave of trauma flicker over she face . the reaction be so strong we instantly know something be very wrong . lou richie , knock it off before I beat the crap out of you ! nell turn away , sick , breathe hard . Jane pick up a jewelry BOX from a dresser . jane you be sure this be all of mother 's jewelry ? the lawyer say to make sure we take it to he ... ( beat ) he say there might be some antique piece . have you see anything ? some of it might be valuable . nell know what be go to happen to that jewelry . Jane no longer can bear the weight of nell 's stare , check she watch . she nod at Lou . Lou rise , pockete the coin set . richie follow he out . jane ( cont would ) think about we offer , nell . you do not know how hard it be out there . int . nell kitchen - day nell ram through the door into the small kitchen , spotless , empty . and then burst into tear . shake , she dig in she back pocket and pull out a fine filigree necklace . her mother 's . it 's from a age go by . clutch the necklace , she go back out the door . int . live room , nell apartment - day nell cross the live room straight for the close french door , the glass obscure by gauze curtain . she throw they open and enter -- int . sick room - day ( continuous ) -- what once be a dining room . transform into a sick room . drawn shade . dim . the first trace of dust . nell linger in the doorway a beat , daunt . a perfectly make bed . the pillow , however retain the impression of a head . lodge between the bed and a nightstand , a cane . on the opposite side of the bed be a plastic toilet . i.v. stand . shroud white shape . on the wall above the bed , a frame needlepoint counsels : a place for everything , everything in its place . a bit of wisdom . a way to live a life . a way nell have live for too long . see it galvanize she into movement . she go to a old armoire , a medicine chest , open it , remove a bottle of tylenol with codeine and march out . int . live room , nell apartment - day nell close the door on the chamber of horror , exhales . she have be hold she breath . int . nell kitchen - day nell sit at she tiny kitchen table , water glass and tylenol in front of she . the necklace dangle from she finger . she stare , mesmerize by it . then she undoe the hasp . the clothes line outside batter louder -- -- and , defiant , nell put the necklace on . she close she eye . silence . the batter have stop . a beat . and then the phone ring . nell open she eye . the phone ring . keeps ringing . nell , feel the drug , find she way to the phone and pick up . nell hello ? yes , this be Eleanor . -- where ? yes , it 's right here . nell listen for a long moment . she pick up the classified , flip through . and there it be : trouble sleeping ? wanted - research subject . $ 900.00 / . week + rm.&amp ; bd . @ beautiful old house in berkshire . psychology study . end MAIN title sequence int . psych observation lab - day the lab feel more like the video center of a security office than a psychologist 's laboratory . two bank of black and white monitor give we image of man and woman , different age , different race , wire to electrode . they be take psychological test , although we never see the tester . the subject be work through variation on object manipulation and pattern recognition test . there be subtle difference between the two bank of monitor . on the leave , the subject be all twitching at exactly the same time , on the right , the subject be also twitching , but in no discernible sequence . the subject on the leave be better able to concentrate on they task . the subject on the right keep stop , and go over what they have do . two man , malcolm keogh , in he 50' , be a gray professor , the head of the department ; someone we trust . he face professor jame marrow . he be a man whose confidence rest uneasily on he ambition , and in the tension between the two be the power that make he the teacher student love . right now , though , he be defend himself before a Department Review . this be not a court martial with judge behind a desk , it 's more free form . the man be have a fight , and they be watch by other professors . malcolm it 's still a electric shock ! marrow come on malcolm , it 's only seven ohm , it 's nothing , it 's like a joy buzzer ! and it 's not about the pain , it 's about the interference with concentration ... malcolm look at the monitor . this be marrow 's chance to explain it again . marrow ( cont would ) look , look at what it do ! the subject on the leave , because they anticipate the shock , make the adjustment , and lose nothing on they score . the subject on the right , because the shock be random , can not anticipate , and the distraction throw they off . malcolm stop defend you science after the fact , Jim . the department protocol for research be very clear about this , and you violate the rule . I know , I know , I know that " fear and performance " be a big sexy idea , but as long as I be chairman here you will need this department 's endorsement to publish it , and right now I can not do that . at this moment , mary lambretta , late 20' , marrow 's pretty t.a. , open the door with a armload of file . whatever else she 's wear , she wear glass . marrow , see she , motion for she to go away . he do not break eye contact with malcolm . Mary hesitates ... marrow malcolm , this be essential work I be do . just think what my research can do for education . elementary school classroom near train track or airport , where loud noise be random ; this help to prove the need for sound insulation if the child be ever go to learn to read . malcolm and that will be a good place to end this study . marrow no , malcolm ! individual performance be only part of it . I know why baseball player choke for no reason , I know why violinist throw up with fear before every concert , and need to , to give a great performance , but what I want to know be , how fear work in a group ... malcolm not the way you have construct you group , it 's just not ethical ! marrow but if the group know it 's be study as a group , you contaminate the result . the deception be minor . malcolm see Mary lambretta . malcolm be you work with she ? marrow Mary , I will meet you outside . she understand , and she close the door . malcolm why be you work with she ? Mary lambretta be throw out of the department for try to get a Ph.D. in psychic study . marrow and after she be throw out , she need a job . malcolm you do not believe in the paranormal . marrow no , but she do , and that 's all that matter . malcolm do she know that 's why you be use she ? marrow no . malcolm I , I just can not ... marrow she need a job , malcolm . and she 's smart . and she help I . malcolm I have a bad feel about what you be do . marrow this be the last chapter . please , please give I clearance . it 's for science . marrow wait . malcolm I be gonna hate myself for this . but he nod . permission grant . marrow thank you . int . hallway outside lab - day they open the door . they walk out . Mary be there . she close she eye , and do a gypsy voice . mary I see a hostile man ... he 's ( she describe he ) . the hostile man do not believe in Madame velka . this relieve the pressure . malcolm be not listen anymore and storm off . mary you know what he 's really upset about ? marrow what ? mary you be go to publish , he 's go to perish ... and why do you hire I for this ? marrow have a sly smile . they go into he office through another door in the lab . int . marrow' office - day Long , narrow , badly light , it 's fill with filing cabinet , stack of unread textbooks still in publisher 's plastic , a desk with computer . as soon as they enter , Mary look at the phone . mary it 's for you . and then the phone ring . he do not pick it right up , he let it ring . marrow you hear the vibration in the wire . there 's a magnetic pulse in the wire , you feel it . I could test it . mary test it . the phone still ring . marrow answer . marrow yes , this be Doctor marrow . mary how would I know it be for you ? marrow ( quickly ) because it 's my phone . ( back to the phone ) yes ... Mrs. Dudley , just leave the box inside , thank you . see you soon . thank you . he hang up . marrow be try to read the first file as he go to he desk . Mary show he a huge corkboard cover with photo , article , and various item . mary here 's how they be organize . group of five , very different personality : score all over the kiersey temperament sorter just like you ask for . and they all score high on the insomnia chart . marrow good . a photo of nell fall on the floor . marrow scoops it up . he hold the photo of nell up to Mary , and look at the write note and study the graph that go with it . marrow ( cont would ) this be correct ? mary her mother die two month ago . she say she really want to do this . I do not know if it would be take advantage ... marrow consider the lonely image for a long moment and then look at the graph of she test score . marrow ( meaning the graph , not the face ) what a beautiful profile . how do you feel about she ? what do you < i>intuition < / i> say ? Mary balk at he teasing . mary I put my favorite on the top . marrow continue to study the file . marrow ( oc ) okay ... this one 's good ... extrovert feeler ... okay ... this one I like , too ... we do not pay as much attention now to the cork board as to other image on the wall . we find clinical - look shot from stanley milgram 's experiment : subject appear to scream in response to electrical shock . row of weep prisoner in the Stanford prison experiment . photo of victim crush under the stand of a soccer stadium , the aftermath of a riot . a picture of the fuhrer before he mesmerize mass . Mary open a large envelope . she take out a photograph that we can not see . mary what 's this ? ( have to get he attention ) what 's this ... this picture ? marrow that ? that 's Hill House . mary this be where we be go ? marrow yes . it 's perfect , be not it ? Mary study the picture , and she can not answer he . in she glass , we get the thinnest reflection of the photograph , a glimpse of dark brick and high chimney . int . nell car - day nell , in a rust - worm old buick , glance from the road to computer - draw direction to hill house . she hum a tune , soft , lonely , like a lullaby but eerie , off -key . ext . route 39 - day the car speed down the country road , past old stone wall , out into roll meadow , its wind route take it across the western berkshire , farther and farther into the glorious hill . int . nell car - day countryside speed by . she pass a antique store in a barn . a handpaint sign warn melby' apple farm 100 yard . nell grab for the window handle , let in air . she snort , smell , breathe like it be the first time in she life ... sounding like a pig . and it make she burst out in embarrassing , animal laughter . ext . hillsdale - day ( establishing ) the white -steeple church , five store and gas station of hillsdale lie in a forget notch in the hill . ext . gas station - day nell be pump gas at a country station . she be alone at the pump . as she finish , she hear a baby crying . she look up . she be immediately draw by the sound . she move to a car at another pump . the car be empty . the window be roll up . she peer into the car , through the window , and see a toddler in a car seat . the child be cry . nell look around , no one be there . she make face at the baby , coo to it . nell hello baby ... she do a peek - a- boo game , and the baby stop cry , the baby even start to giggle . a voice from behind . mother ( o.s. ) what 's go on , what happen ? nell turn . the mother be a busy country mom , arm fill with stuff from the gas station 's market . nell she 's okay . she wake up and she see she be alone . the mother have the car open and the baby be smile now . mother say thank you , Spencer . ( too much of a explanation ) I be get she something to drink . she 's be cry all day ... nell that 's all right . mother of course you know , how many child do you have ? nell none . mom then you be a teacher . nursery school . nell no . mom you just ... you seem like someone who take care of child , lot of child . nell maybe ... maybe someday . I would like that . the woman smile in something like sympathy , and get in she car . when she do , we see a friendly gas station attendant appear behind nell . nell ( cont would ) umm , I be a little lose . gas station attendant where you go ? nell take out she computer draw direction and a old map . nell they send I direction and I have get a map , but it 's kind of confusing . here ... it 's a place call Hill House ? his helpful attitude change dramatically . gas station attendant Hill House . he take the map book and tear out the page and crumple it up . nell what be you do ? gas station attendant you do not want to go there . he turn abruptly and walk away . nell do I say something wrong to you ? nell slam the buick door , and breathe hard , start the engine . she get control , and put the car in gear . she 's shake . badly . ext . country lane - day nell 's buick bounce over a country road . the car work its way up into the steep , switchback hill . int . nell car - day nell look out at the forest , feel a chill . the road be more like a tunnel through the forest than a road . ext . hill - day nell 's car speed through the tree , climb the hill , higher and higher into the awesome solitude . int . nell car - day nell take a final switchback , and something off to the right catch she eye , then be go in the tree . she watch again for it . there . a glimpse of a gray stone property wall set back twenty yard from the road . there it be again . moss -green , twenty foot high , a wick array of iron spike and glass mortare atop it . and then out of the tangle forest in front of she loom a pair of immense stone pillar . between they , a steel gate as high as the wall , chain and padlock . ext . hill house gate - day the gate stand immense . Silent . forbid . Beyond they a gravel drive curve away through the tree . nell kill she car , get out , instruction in hand . no one in sight . a long beat . she reach in and blow the horn . the horn shatter the air , racket off the tree beyond the gate , echoing . silence . nell blow the horn a sustained staccato in annoyance . the echo reply in a terrible , deafen batter of sound . nell cover she ear . silence once again . in a fit of agitation she go to the padlock and rattles it . it 's lock good . she turn -- -- and there be a man right behind she . it be mr. dudley , he hair tie back like a ex-hippie . he stand between nell and she open car door , weed spear in hand . he smile at she -- rough , dirty , massive . mr. dudley what do you want ? nell oh ! you scared I . mr. dudley me? no . what be you do here ? nell be you mister Dudley , the caretaker ? mr. dudley yeah , I be mister Dudley , the caretaker . what be you do here ? nell I be with Dr. marrow 's group . I be suppose to check in with Mrs. Dudley up at the house . be she here ? she hand he the direction . he glance at they . she use the distraction to get into she car . mr. dudley maybe she be ... int . nell car - day nell look at the gate , some part of she aware it 's a point of no - return . Mr. Dudley ease over to she window . Mr. Dudley give she one last look and go to the gate . he produce a key and undoe the padlock . nell why do you need a chain like that ? mr. dudley that 's a good question . what be it about fence ? sometimes a lock chain make people on both side of the fence just a little more comfortable . why would that be ? he unwind the enormous chain , heavy turn after heavy turn . the gate swing in , revealing hill house . nell be there something about the house ? mr. dudley Mrs. Dudley will be wait for you . grinning , Dudley step aside and nell roll through . and at that he just grin wider . nell pull away . disturb , she watch he in the rearview mirror . she turn and in front of she sprawl Hill House . at center , the feature of the oldest part of the House dwarf all other : tower , eye-like window and the jaw of a Grand entry with carve ebony door . ext . hill house driveway - day the car rumble up the drive toward the carport . int . nell car - day nell stop the car in front of the entrance , right inside the carport . in the silence all we can hear be she breathe . ext . hill house - day her car sit in front of the house , tiny , alone . its brake light go off . the finger- like pillar of the car port seem like a hand pin the car in place under the House 's gaze . nell get out of the car . nell stare , daunt ... yet there be something about the House . a romance in its lilac heavy gothic decay . nell feel it , be draw to it . ext . grand entry - day nell , suitcase in hand , climb the step to the front door . on closer inspection , the snake shape of the carve door depict a Garden of eden . at center on the knocker , a tarnish silver Adam take the forbidden fruit from he counterpart Eve . nell lift Adam and knock heavily . there be no answer . nell look around for some sign of life . off to one side be a ladder and paint can . somebody must have be touch up the window trim . when she look back the door be ajar a fraction of a inch . nell hello ? hello ? Mrs. Dudley ? Mrs. Dudley , be you here ? anybody ? tentative , she push it open into -- int . grand entry - day ( continuous ) -- a vast entry tower away to a ceiling lose in shadow far above . Ray of light filter through floor - to- ceiling curtain . Doors lead off in a half dozen direction . every piece of woodwork or plaster in the house be carve , filigreed , paint or ornament in wild , ornate fashion . it overwhelm the eye . nell wow ... she turn around , set she suitcase on the marble floor . a short hallway straight ahead seem to let onto some vast space , dimly light . and then nell hear a SOUND . carry through the empty hall from some distant place : a low , plaintive moan . nell freeze . the moaning stop . nell strain she ear . and then the moan again . it come from the short hallway ahead . nell start for it . the moan stop . int . hall from entry to great hall - day nell move down the hall . it 's dim , stale , line with pier table , candelabra . nell hello ? hello ? Mrs. Dudley ? her voice echoe from the room beyond . she follow she own voice into -- int . great hall - day ( continuous ) -- a long , oval great hall . Passages and door lead off in all direction to god-know - where . a double -grand staircase at the far end ascend to a landing shroud in darkness before turn up the next floor . magnificent animal head carve on the newel post glare at she . nell make she way past cluster of furniture , stop at the center . silence . a enormous fireplace dominate one wall . large enough to stand in . a iron mesh screen hang in its mouth . mantle and chimney rise in dark , baroque masonry , become lose in the shadow above . the moaning sound . nell spin away from the fireplace . the sound rise from the door at the very back of the hall . nell take a step toward it . nell Mrs. Dudley ? she move up to the door , put a hand out to it . the moaning rise . nell push through -- int . 1st floor hallway toward kitchen - day ( continuous ) -- into a much narrower , curving hallway . Doors all along it . the sound come from the door right there across from the one nell just come through . she fling it open -- int . kitchen - day ( continuous ) -- and come through into a vast kitchen . a woman in black with she back to nell stand at a counter . the moan come from a disreputable old can opener . nell breath , feel stupid . the woman sense she , turn from she can of potato . she be mrs . dudley , sallow , unsmile . mrs . dudley it 's make the soup or answer the door . can not do both . nell Mrs. Dudley . mrs . dudley so far . Mrs. Dudley wipe she hand , regards nell , nod . nell I be Eleanor vance , I be with -- mrs . dudley -- Dr. marrow 's group . you be the first . Mrs. Dudley just stare with she sink face . it unsettle nell . mrs. dudley ( cont would ) I will show you you room . int . grand stairway / mezzanine - day Mrs. Dudley glide up the stair . nell follow , hoist she suitcase after she . it appear the mezzanine ahead lead to a hallway . but as we draw closer what we think be a hallway be a enormous oil painting . in it stand a man , he feature lose in the shadow above , only he body visible . the nameplate read hugh crain . nell Hugh crain . nell look up : Mrs. Dudley wait coldly at the top of the stair . int . 2 nd floor hallway , NORTH wing - day Mrs. Dudley lead nell down a curve hallway , over age Persian carpet and turn to a door on she leave . she throw it open , stand back . nell enter . int . nell room - day nell lower she suitcase . mrs . dudley the purple room . you be go to be the first visitor that Hill House have have since mister crain die . the room be spacious , in a rococo gothic style with low - relief woodwork on the wall rise to a dark , coffere , ceiling of carve ivory . a king -size bed , furniture , all in blue purple . a open door give a glimpse of a bathroom . a large fireplace dominate one wall . its mantle be carve with the face of child , happy , at play , alive . nell touch the wood , loving . nell they be so beautiful . be not they ? mrs . dudley I have see them . lot to dust . nell well , I have never live with beauty . you must love work here . Mrs. Dudley peer at she . a beat . and then , cryptic : mrs . dudley it 's a job . I keep banker 's hour . I set dinner on the dining room sideboard at six . you can serve yourselves . Breakfast be ready at nine . I do not wait on people . I do not stay after dinner . not after it begin to get dark . I leave before dark come . we live in town . nine mile . so there will not be anyone around if you need help . we could not even hear you , in the night . nell why would we -- mrs . dudley -- no one could . no one life any nearer than town . no one will come any nearer than that . in the night . in the dark . and with that Mrs. Dudley grin , rictus-like . she turn and close the door after she . nell stand there a long moment , the room silent , heavy , old . she go to the window , peer out . nothing but forest for mile . the sun be set . nell remove she windbreaker , open she suitcase , take out a blouse and skirt . decent enough clothes , but cheap , the tag still on they . int . 2 nd floor hallway , NORTH wing - day nell emerge from she room in she new clothes . the hallway curve away into the distance , line with massive , ornate doorframe like the one to she room . try to get a better look , nell search the wall for a light switch , but can not find one . she follow the chair rail back to -- int . mezzanine - sunset ( continuous ) -- the mezzanine at the top of the stair . she search in vain for a light switch there . finally she spot a set of curtain and sling they open . the light , late - day though it be , make she wince . the window look down on the driveway . outside a beige car crunch over the gravel . somebody else have arrive . nell watch the car move past , try to get a glimpse of the driver , but from up here , all she can see be roof . nell finally . she back away from the window , spin around -- -- and out of the darkness , powerful , mad , loom the visage of Hugh crain . it be the painting . it be only from up here on the second floor with this curtain open that the face be visible in the late - day sunlight . despite the artist 's discretion , the line in the man 's skin , he eye , he posture , cry of unspeakable sickness . unconsciously , nell take a step back . in the far b.g. , near the end of one of the hall , a door stand open , the second or third set of door in the gothic hallway leave of the painting . just as it start to come into view , and we be start to see it , it swing silently shut . but nell have catch the movement out of the corner of she eye . int . 2 nd floor hallway , NORTH wing - day nell stare down the long hallway . which door be it ? nell hello ? no response . she start down the hall , slow at first , then faster . she pass door after door , shadow after shadow , and as she near the end of the hall ... there be no door here . not within 20 foot of , where we think we just see it . a whisper . voice . nell back away . and then laughter . behind she . it 's come from another stairwell . very real ... and very human . int . back stairway - day nell look down from the top of the stair . below Mrs. Dudley and Theo , 20 , exotic , sophisticated , in Vera wang leather , wrestle with a pile of designer luggage . theo peer up . she 's dark , sexy in a amused , worldly way : someone who have see and do it all . Theo you may think I have a sickness about pack , but ask people to help I shlep the stuff I take with I everywhere be a cheap and exploitative way of make new friend . my name 's theo . theo foist a very heavy bag off on Mrs. Dudley who look like she 's be hand a snake . that make nell smile . she come run down to help with the bag . nell I be Eleanor but everyone call I nell . Eleanor vance . nell . I be really glad you be here . really . theo be a little throw by nell 's gush . nell ( cont would ) what a beautiful jacket . theo look she over ... and understand . nell be desperate to be like . Theo and what you be wear , that 's great , too . nell this ? it 's from a thrift shop . Theo what do it cost ? nell Fifteen dollar . Theo that would be seventy in New York . you steal it ! nell ( embarrassed by the simple truth ) it 's all I could afford . Theo wait . you be not wear that ironically ? this be really you ? nell I do not know what you mean . Mrs. Dudley , walk ahead , look back at they . then continue up . theo make a face at Mrs. Dudley 's back . nell smile , a little . Theo a week . you and I ? we be go to have fun . int . theo's room - day Mrs. Dudley open the door , let theo and nell into a large bedroom , a mirror-image twin of nell 's room , except it 's decorate in rich red-orange velvet . Theo this be so twisted . she dump she stuff on the floor , grab a banister on the four - poster bed , swing cat- like onto its high mattress . mrs . dudley I set dinner on the dining room sideboard at six . Mrs. Dudley lay theo 's suitcase on a luggage stand . mrs . dudley Breakfast be at nine . I do not stay after dinner . not after it begin to get dark . theo , back to Mrs. Dudley , roll she eye at nell . mrs. dudley ( cont would ) I leave , before dark . so there will not be anyone around if you need help . nell we could not even hear you . Mrs. Dudley look up at nell who mimic she scary smile . mrs . dudley no one could . no one life any nearer than town . nell no one will come any nearer than that . Mrs. Dudley smile at nell , but it 's softer than before . mrs . dudley in the night . in the dark . theo lean on the bed , muse at the exchange . and then Mrs. Dudley back out of the room , shut the door . nell ( cont would ) my room be right next door . I think we share a bathroom . theo have a interesting eye on nell , she 's study she . Theo do not worry , I probably will not be in here much . Light sleeper . nell that 's why we be here . Theo what do you do ? nell I be between job right now . my last job ... it ... the person I be work for ... the job end . over. so ... and you ? Theo that depend . theo pop a dress bag on the bed , unzip it . theo take off she coat , and be only wear a black bra underneath . nell react , turn away . back to the camera , theo flick off she bra , stretch . Theo ( cont would ) I be suppose to be a artist , but I have be really distract from work by love . do you know what I mean ? nell not really . Theo do not tell I Boston be different from New York . nell ( she know this from magazine ) ohh , sure , you have trouble with commitment . Theo my boyfriend think so , my girlfriend do not . if we could all live together ... but ... they hate each other . it 's hard to be miss perversity when you be the only one at the party . d' you know what I mean ? nell no . Theo ( delighted ) a blank canvas ! I could paint you portrait , directly on you . or maybe not . so , you ? husband ? boyfriend ? girlfriend ? where do you live ? nell I do not have anyone . ( beat , lie ) but I do have a little apartment of my own . it have a little flower garden . you can just see the ocean . at night , when the wind come in just right , you can hear the buoy in the harbor . nell peek , see theo be decent , turn around . Theo that sound really nice . you be lucky . but you know that . theo come over , straighten nell 's seam ; this be a intimate , forward gesture . Theo ( cont would ) ( with meaning ) come on , we have see enough of the bedroom for now . int . 2 nd floor hallway - dusk the long hall be lose in shadow , its long row of door wait in the deaden silence . a lamp on a pier table cast a small pool of light . the wall glow in rich tone , the low -relief carving a worm 's - wood of shadow . nell run she hand over a wall panel as theo peek into a neighbor room . nell so much carve . it 's everywhere . on everything . theo start down the hall . nell follow . int . red parlor - dusk nell and theo enter a room just off the landing , a lavish parlor with the omnipresent panell wall , lush red carpet , velvet curtain sweeping floor to ceiling , heavy piece of furniture . nell watch theo explore . as theo move through the room , nell 's eye land on another painting of Hugh crain . Inside it 's ornate golden framework , distinctive little cherub be embed . cherub of death ... she run she finger over it . Theo maybe you should not touch -- theo twirl out of the room , nell , anxious , behind she . int . mezzanine - dusk as they come out of crain 's study theo stop at the top of the stair , nell behind she . Theo jeez . nell I know . they stare out at Hugh crain , the crack and shadow of the swirl of oil that compose he face . the figure be daunt , but dead . just a painting . four different hallway lead into the mezzanine , all dark and endless in the stray light . nell ( cont would ) maybe we should wait for they here . theo walk out , swing around . Theo which one ? pick any . nell look from one to another . she do not want to . but she force a smile and point to one on the leave . they both disappear into the dark gothic hallway . int . SMALL parlor ( confusing room ) - dusk theo breeze into a small parlor with heavy green velvet curtain , panell wall , rich settee . other door lead off the room . nell follow . Theo this be a serious question , but do you think the dudley ever make love in this room ? they be alone in the house , no one watch . no one ... no one watch . you can do what you want . theo go run for another door and be out . nell , realize she 's be leave behind , spring after she into another mysterious hallway -- int . statuary hall - dusk ( continuous ) -- into a wide hall line with nich and classical statuary . theo stride down it point leave and right , bend over , straddle the piece , provocative : Theo here . here . here. ( under a leer gargoyle ) oh yes ! oh yes oh yes ! here ! nell laugh -- appal and loving every minute of it . Theo ( cont would ) can not you just see it ? nell theo ! int . hall of mirror - dusk ( continuous ) through a narrow passageway , and large double door they suddenly stand at the threshold of a fantastic ballroom line with mirror and chandelier . row of mirror- coat octagonal pillar , rise to a vault , mirrore ceiling far above . with the door open , there 's a click , and a mechanism of some sort be activate . the floor begin to move like a slow turntable . theo come right up , look over nell 's shoulder . nell step out . she traipse out across the room , she million reflection waltzing with she into infinity . theo dance after she . they dance , not quite together . nell stop and pronounce : nell I love this house . I really love this house . Theo ( gently , recognize that nell be different ) you be okay . nell blushes ... and they burst out laugh . they take off run , they reflection with they , stampede for a archway on the far side of the room and out -- int . 1st floor hall ( various ) - dusk ( continuous ) -- into yet another hallway . they race down the hall , turn into another hall , then another , all dimly light by the very last ray of day , all furnish in the House 's dark , impossibly complicated , impossibly ornate fashion . as they go , the mood be grow darker , the woman unaware that they be get lose . Theo ( have fun ) rat ! we be rat in a maze ! that 's what this experiment be go to be ! they open a door to -- int . hallway outside locked room - dusk ( continuous ) they stand at the end of a long hallway to one of the House 's forget outly wing . it be dark . too dark . nell and theo regard the darkness . at the far end of the hall stand a pair of mahogany door , close , almost black , oily - look . surround they , a enormously complex geometrical frieze . the door themselves be plain . in they simplicity there be something about they enormously disturbing . it be as if the door be look back at they , nell go cold . theo hold herself . nell we should go back . theo nod . they turn around , theo open what she think be the door they come through . int . narrow staircase - dusk they hurry down a narrow staircase , theo first , nell right behind . nell theo , I be scared -- they fly down a set of step , theo fling open a final door -- and scream ! int . grand entry - night the Grand entry , where they bump into luke sanderson , 20' , charming and cynical . luke hi , luke sanderson , bad sleeper , I be you basic tosser - turner , and you be ... nell uh ... nell vance ... luke and what kind of sleeper ? nell well , I ... uh ... luke obsessive worrier . join the club . ( to theo ) and you ? I would guess ... Theo you will never guess . she will not answer . marrow come in the front door . he look at the house like macarthur study a beachhead . marrow there we be . you be Eleanor , you be luke , you be theo . all hi ... hello ... Dr. marrow ... marrow and this be Todd , he just come up . todd come in . todd hi. I be Todd aubochon . luke ( 1950 's alien spaceman ) greeting fellow insomniac . todd ( play ) greeting fellow sheep counter . marrow and this be my assistant , Mary lambretta . luke greeting . and Mary enter . cross the threshold , she catch she breath , and when she come into the hall and see everyone , she also see the house in its detail . and she have a bad feel . marrow be still put everyone at ease . marrow Eleanor , how be the drive ? nell you can call I nell , Dr. marrow . marrow nell . good enough . and I be Jim . nell I be really ... honore to be part of this study , Jim . marrow well ... we be glad to have you . his smile be devastating . nell redden , instantly take by marrow 's warmth , observant sensitivity . theo notice . marrow have either of you see David watt ? Theo no , but nell 's be here longer than I have . nell I only see theo drive up . luke who 's watt ? marrow the man who complete the group . for a long moment they stand there , silent , look at each other -- polite smile , but awkward , even marrow . one by one they all look to he for a cue . marrow ( cont would ) well , why do not we get some dinner while we be wait for he ? ( beat , back through the door to the great Hall ) welcome to Hill House , everyone . int . great hall - night marrow lead the way across the hall . the other check out the furnishings as they pass . todd this old victorian house be great , be not they ? luke ( point to detail ; adjust for set ) it 's not victorian , everyone think that the whole nineteenth century be victorian . this be gothic , this be English craftsman , this be romanesque . this be ... insane . who life here ? marrow nobody . a local mill owner , Hugh crain , build it in 1830 . he have no heir , but he put the house in trust , and the farmland around it , with the stipulation that it never be alter or sell . crain 's executor make good investment and for the last hundred and twenty year , Hill House have take care of itself . Mary be shake by the house , but she 's honore marrow 's request . everywhere she look , she feel the presence of something . todd so what 's this study all about anyway ? Mary describe the kind of test we will be do , but do not fill we in on the big picture . she say you need bad sleeper , but this be not about curing the problem . mary I can tell you what this be about . marrow eat first , question later , Mary , please . they exit the hall , Mary and nell last , and as they do , nell see Mary 's strange look . she stop . nell be something wrong ? mary no. just ... when I see you picture I have a feel about you , and now that I meet you , I know I be right . nell what ? mary eat first , question later . and suddenly awkward , Mary exit after the other . int . dine room - night a chandelier hang unlit over a long dining table . laughter . at the end nell and the other sprawl over the remain of a dinner which have be go on for hour . luke be open another bottle of jug wine . luke you know what I love about wine that come in bottle like this ? todd what ? luke every year be a good year . marrow theo ? it 's you turn . theo twirl she wine glass , lick the dregs inside the rim , think . Theo the rest of you may hate you insomnia , but I find it the best time of the day for I . I be alone . nobody 's talk to I but myself . my mind be racing with idea , and I can think . luke Nah , you be go crazy with doubt , all of you mistake be come back up the pipe , and it 's worse than a nightmare . -- nell be not use to people be so direct and at the same time , playful . she glance at marrow 's left hand : no wedding ring . Theo ( cont would ) Excuse I . luke do not give I that look , it 's everybody 's problem , we just have different variation , I for example . I fall asleep easily . but I wake up around two or three in the morning , every morning . it 's that time of night that fitzgerald call the deep dark night of the soul . I stare into ... the abyss . every night . ( break he own somber mood ) it 's the price I pay for be such a jolly fellow . ( to Mary ) y usted ? mary I think I would fall asleep easily , but just as I start to feel comfortable , I see thing in the dark . nell hear this , nell be tune into Mary . mary I feel the presence of something watch I . it 's not ... scary ... not by itself but ... I do not want to go to sleep because I be worried about the thing attack I . so when I finally do fall asleep , I be like a soldier who 's fall asleep at she post . I feel like I have betrayed myself . nell ? nell wish she could hide under she plate . nell all of you have such interesting problem . there 's laughter . nell ( cont would ) no ... please , I know how that sound but ... you be all so articulate . you know how to talk . I feel like I be here under false pretense . it 's silly , it 's not like ... well , all of you have trouble sleep because you live in the world , and the world be complicated and scary , but nothing 's ever happen to I . so I do not have a reason to sleep badly . marrow you write that you have trouble sleep . nell yes , because someone be always keep I awake . ever since I be little . that be my job . I take care of my mother and I have to be there for she all night long , and she wake up all the time . and after she die , well , it 's be a few month , but I still , I still wake up , it 's ... a habit . ( beat ) I know we have only know each other a couple of hour , but I be really glad to be with people who let I talk about this . I be really happy to be here with you . silence . the other be embarrassed by she sincerity . she 's right , nell be not of they world . marrow we be glad you be here . he say this with enough sympathy for theo to see he interest in the girl in the thrift shop dress . marrow ( cont would ) why do not we move to another room ? int . red parlor - night the harp sing out , lively , expertly play by Mary . theo , luke , Todd and nell be impressed with she skill . mary it 's a erard . late 1870s . she play , and as she do , she 's aware of the room , and the house , and she see something in a curtain or the fireplace , or a window , something at the edge of perception . she suddenly stop . nell what 's wrong ? mary the harp be out of tune . she find a key and begin tightening the string -- as marrow bang open the door , briefcase in one hand , cell phone in the other . he can not conceal he irritation . marrow remove folder from he briefcase , pass they around while she play . nell again study the cherub of death on the spine of the leather bound book . marrow I will have to count David watt as a no-show . so let 's start . thank you , Mary . that be a little abrupt , she feel it . everybody find a chair or spot on the sofa . Mary remain on the stool by the harp . marrow sit in a large winge - back chair . marrow ( cont would ) all right ? so , to answer you earlier question , Todd , why be we here ? what do we all need in life , what be the basic ? we need food , we need water , we need sleep . sleep . all of you resist it ? why ? what do that mean ? why do we resist sleep ? my field of study be the individual 's psychology of emotion and performance . luke so why do you need the addam 's family mansion for a scientific test ? marrow I think it best to be isolate , to be in a location with a definite sense of history , and I want to make sure that it be not so pleasant you would all sleep too easily . you will be take a variety of test , none of they harmful , and you have get the house , the grounds , and each other to keep you company . Theo when do we take the test ? marrow every day . basically we will be hang out together like we have so far this evening . nell and theo be look through they folder : sheet of paper , bizarre geometric puzzle . marrow also , there be no phone service to the House and no tv . I have the cell phone for emergency . we will begin the test after breakfast tomorrow . the other shuffle through papers , nell and Todd intent on they , theo interested but not overly so , luke , bored . mary Dr. marrow , what be this house ? when she say this , we should be see she from a odd perspective , the house 's Pov . marrow ( cont would ) there be once a king who build a palace . the King 's name be Hugh crain . a hundred and thirty year ago , when the merrimack Valley be the center of american industry , Hugh crain make two hundred million dollar . that 's forty - three billion dollar in today 's money . he could have anything he want . and what he want , be rene , he banker 's beautiful daughter . rene , and a house fill with child . nell all the carving . marrow but there 's a sad catch to the story . mary what happen ? marrow there be no child . rene die , and then Hugh crain build all of this , and then he die . his heart be break . nell shift , look at the house with a strange feel . nell that 's so sad . this have be tense between they , a gunfight . pop ! a log in the fireplace make everyone jump . theo relish it , but nell shudder . mary I think there 's more to the story . this house have its own music , Doctor marrow , I can play it for you , I can hear it . Mary play , channele unholy music from the house , from the wall , from the curtain , from the air . her finger fly down the harp to the thickest wire and -- -- tang ! like a steel whip the wire snap . Mary scream in pain . mary my eye ... oh ... my eye ... my eye ... oh ... no ... the other leap up in shock . blood line the wall behind she . she clutches at she eye , more blood spilling out from between she finger . todd oh Jesus . marrow and theo rush over to she as she shriek in pain . Todd be freeze , pale , like he 's about to be sick . nell turn the other way , but not because she 's scared -- she 's search for a shot glass on a side table . marrow wrap Mary in he arm . her shriek become a terrify but quieter wail . marrow Mary , let I see you eye . nell appear by he side with the glass . marrow pries Mary 's hand from she face . blood flow freely from the eyelid , but she eye be intact . nell here , cover it . do not let she touch it . ext . hill house driveway - night marrow slam the door on the passenger side of Todd 's car . Mary sit there , moan , glass cover she eye , blood spilling out around the edge . luke be on she side of the car . luke keep you head back , that 's it . Todd open he door . marrow hand he a key . marrow here 's my key to the gate . call I the second you know anything . Todd take it , jump in . the two man watch the car drive away . luke that could have be worse . marrow yeah . as they turn back , marrow tap luke . marrow luke , can I talk to you ? luke sure . marrow because ... well , I know I can trust you . luke why ? marrow I have read you test . that be half a joke , and both man smile . now they be bond . marrow ( cont would ) there 's something ... I ... I do not tell you everyth1ng about the house , and about Hugh crain ... but I be ask you not to repeat it . luke I can keep a secret . they go in . the house be outline by the sky and cloud and the moon . int . mezzanine - night luke catch up with nell and theo as he reach the mezzanine . the painting of Hugh crain , barely visible in the shadow , loom right behind . luke he say that Hugh crain ... Hugh crain be a monster . he say that he be a brutal , horrible man . he tell I that crain drive he worker to early death . crain have child chain to the loom in he mill . and listen to this : he beautiful rene kill herself . Theo and why do not marrow tell we ? do not he trust woman ? that fuck . nell ( she 's think about the story , not marrow ) a monster ? but he build this for the woman he love , like the Taj Mahal . Theo the Taj Mahal be not a palace , it be a tomb . why do not he tell we ? luke he 's try to protect the experiment . personally , I do not think he 's get a large enough sample for valid result , but as long as the money 's good , and the food be good , I be in . he head off . theo turn to find nell stare at the animal head on the stair . theo touch she . she start . Theo nell , it be a accident . int . marrow' bedroom ( part of confusing room ) - night marrow , sit at a desk , speak into a digital voice recorder . his voice be cold , analytical . marrow icebreaker exercise conduct over dinner . observe initial bond among subject and experimenter . after dinner first bland history of House relay . nell appear most susceptible to suggestive history . luke , who test at the bottom of the levy -mogel confidence reliability scale be give the second part of the story . we should see some result tomorrow . Accident with harp , while unfortunate ... complement the experimental fiction . he turn off the machine , and then he say , ruefully : marrow ( cont would ) publish or perish . he turn off the light . the shadow in the room be too much for he . he turn the light on , and then pull the blanket over he head . int . nell room - night nell finish put thing away in drawer . theo watch , lean in the doorway . nell look around at the room : and this be she new family 's new home . theo smile sweetly at she , come over . a awkward moment , as the seriousness drain away . Theo ever try put you hair up in a french twist ? theo reach for nell 's hair . nell pull away . theo pause . nell realize she should not have pull back . nell sorry . I be not use to be touch . she move closer to let theo examine she hair . theo take nell 's hair , hold it up in a french twist . Theo you have be out of the world for a long time , have not you ? nell yes . I have miss it . Theo no . the world have miss you . cautiously , nell peer in a mirror at herself ... and like what she see . theo let nell 's hair drop . theo move for the door . nell good night , theo . Theo you , too . happy toss and turn . int . nell room - night as nell step out of frame and start undress , the camera find the carve mantle , the densely - pack scene of child at play , they face freeze in dark wooden smile , they eye blind but stare oc where we sense nell change . now in a long tee-shirt , nell crawl up onto the high bed . its headboard be heavy , dark , engrave with fan-like shape , maybe plant . she draw the cover about she and peer up at the ornate headboard . something about it bother nell , but she can not put she finger on it . she twist over on she side and turn out the light on the nightstand . for a moment , all there be in the darkness be she breathe -- int . great hall - night -- then almost silence . we pull back from the children' face on the door of the great Hall to reveal the vast room stand in darkness . coven of strange shape consort in the shadow , thing that in the day would be lamp , the stuff of life . but now , at the very deep limit of human hearing , it be as if something exhales . int . grand stairway - night it be black at the top of the stair . the carve animal head on the baluster be all turn up the stairway , eye start in fear . wait for something to walk down out of that blackness . int . hall outside locked room - night eye . eye of all the mythological figure . staring down the long , black hallway . await something . afraid . at the end of the hallway , where all eye be stare , the double door , the one that scared nell and theo stand shut . that something gather at the edge of we hearing rise . rise as if the House itself be breathe . int . nell room - night bump . the sound thud the stillness of the House . bump . bump . bump . deep , hollow , distant like a dream . nell sit up , still asleep , body move by reflex . nell come , mother ! whump . the noise jar she consciousness , lighting up she mind , very real . nell remember where she be . bump bang . it 's come from somewhere far off in the House . nell listen in cold dread . Theo ( oc ) nell ! nell spin to the bathroom door , go through -- int . nell bathroom - night ( continuous ) -- the unlit bathroom , slamm the door to she room behind she , across and out the other door -- int . theo's room - night ( continuous ) -- into theo 's room . thump bump bump . nell find theo right in front of she , hair wet , kneel in the bed , clutching she cover to herself . Theo what be it !? the sound grow nearer . out in the hall . like something search . come toward they . nell lunge at the door . theo grab to stop she , and nell see the door be deadbolted . there 's a rushing sound on the other side of the tall door . right there . nell freeze . bump ! bump ! Theo ( cont would ) nell ! nell recoil to theo 's side , drag theo out of bed to the corner of the room . nell and theo stare out at US in terror . bump . bump . bump . bump . nell and theo 's eye travel over the wall , follow whatever it be which now seem to be move out here in the theater . the SOUND move along the wall to the right , reach its loudest as it cross the back of the theater , then seem to come down the leave side . theo shiver . nell clutches she close . nell writhes , unable to stand it any longer . she jump up . Theo ( cont would ) nell ! nell charge the door , scream : nell no ! silence . the bump go dead . nell blink , look back at theo . but theo be look at she hand . Theo ( cont would ) cold . oh , god. feel it . she look up in horror at nell . they breath fog in the air . nell hold she hand up in front of she , and as we watch her hair prickle up , goosebump with they . her eye turn up to the door , and : bambabambam babba bam ! the door jar in its frame , leaping from the blow of whatever 's on the other side . nell backpedal but slip on the rug , fall there on the floor right in front of the door . theo scream . silence . the banging stop . with a rush , whatever be outside the door be no longer there . nell look at theo . then theo look at the bathroom . nell start for it , grab theo 's door , but it 's design to be lock from the bathroom side . nell look up -- int . nell bathroom - night ( continuous ) -- and take a step into the pitch - dark bathroom . theo appear in the doorway behind she . across the bathroom the door to nell 's room be close . nell dash for it -- -- but a sudden scuttle SOUND stop she dead . on the other side of the door . rasping over wood . like a thing without hand try to turn -- -- the doorknob . a long beat . the metal creak as something take hold of it on the other side . nell , mouth open in cold horror , see the deadbolt . it 's open . she 's in no - man 's land : too far from the door to lock it , too close to run . the doorknob turn , but just as the door start to open nell flail forward and shoot the deadbolt home . the door jam against it . nell jump back . theo grab she back into -- int . theo's room - night ( continuous ) -- she bedroom and slam the door . a long , deadly silent moment . nell ( cont would ) it 's in my room . but they breath no longer fog . theo seem to notice the fact just as nell start for she room and ... knock knock knock . behind they . at the door to the hall . luke ( oc ) hey ! I hear scream ... Theo luke . she grab for the door and let luke in . int . nell room - night nell 's room stand silent , dark . the door to the bathroom be shut . the lock slide open . the door swing in . luke stand there , the two woman behind he . luke turn on the light . the room be perfectly ordinary , no sign that anything have be in here . the door to the hall be shut . nell react . int . kitchen - night nell and theo , wrap in blanket , sit over mug of tea at the kitchen table . marrow , across from they , click off he digital recorder . luke pace behind the woman . nell you really do not hear anything ? marrow take he glass off . luke look at he , then go to the kitchen sink . he turn both faucet on full blast and lean up against the sink , arm fold . theo and nell turn to look at he . a beat . and then : bump . bump bump . it 's the sound . luke go over to the door , push it open . luke oh , look ! there he go , ol ' Hugh crain ! int . ground floor hallway - night various shot as the bump seem to travel down the hallway . a rush sound with it . they be the same sound , from the scene before , but somehow have none of the impact , none of the presence as they do in theo 's bedroom . int . kitchen - night luke let the door shut , turn off the faucet . the sound of the plumbing die away . luke do you need I anymore ? Cause I be go to bed . they can stay up talk another 45 minute if they want , but I gotta try to get some sleep . marrow go ahead . luke leave the kitchen . theo and nell watch he go . Theo if this be some sort of joke , I be go to kill he . nell you know it be not a joke , theo . marrow watch the exchange closely . marrow the cold sensation . who feel it first ? nell theo I think . you have ask we that three time , Doctor marrow . what 's go on ? marrow how do you feel about luke 's suggestion that it be just the old plumbing ? Water hammer , something like that ? theo and nell look at each other in frustration . but theo try to get she mind around the question . Theo I do just take a bath . I do not know . int . theo's room - night the room be a lot less frightening now , especially with the light on . nell sit on theo 's bed . theo look at the wall , silent , normal . Theo I do just take a bath . when nell do not respond for a moment , theo turn to she , see she wrestle with herself . nell mother always bang on the wall when she need I . the night she die ... I hear she , but I pretend I do not . I be just so sick of it all . and then the bang stop . and in the morning ... she be dead . this be the first I have ever say this to anyone . that be the job I have , theo , it 's the only job I have ever know , and I fail . I be actually a bad person , theo . the world do not need I . theo shake she head , brushes at she eye . the confession , on the top of the fright , have move she deeply . Theo oh , nell . eleven year . with all due respect to you mother who I be sure be a saint , I would have call Doctor kevorkian , if not for she , for I . it 's such a horrible think it make nell smile , and they share a tearful laugh . int . nell bathroom - night nell stand in the door to she room . nell good night , theo . nell shut the door . theo be about to close she door , but hesitates . she put on the light and go to the tub . she turn it on , wait . just the sound of the water . and no bump . int . nell room - night nell lie asleep under she sheet , the blanket off the end of the bed . hovering over her , on the headboard , the carve face of child , peer down . flap . flap flap . the fan-light at the top of the window right next to the bed be OPEN a crack . the sheer curtain flap listlessly in a gentle breeze . the flap grow louder , and with a sudden gust the curtain billow out . in its flow form , we sense the shape of a girl face , fleeting , so insubstantial we know we just see she , but maybe we eye be play trick on we . the curtain blow straight out , touch the bedpost at the foot of the bed , and there the wind catch the fabric hang from they . the wind seem to sneak under the bedcover and the shape follow ... nell sleep , oblivious , the wind fill the room , stir the tinkling crystal bead on the candelabra . the shape of the little girl 's face now travel underneath the bedsheet toward the pillow , toward nell . nell turn , restless , the AIR catch the edge of the pillowcase , and travel towards nell 's face . and for a split second there be a lifelike impression of a SMALL girl face . nell almost awaken . the crystal bead stir , and in they tinkling , in the sigh of wind , we hear : girl voice < i> find we , find we Eleanor . </ i> nell 's eye open . and like that , the pillowcase deflate , the air rush up the curtain to the window , and be go . nell sit up , look about she . everything seem normal . just she sheet , just the curtain , but on the headboard remain the carve face . benevolent . nell settles back down on she pillow with a sense of peace . int . dine room - day Morning sun filter in through heavy drape , fall on marrow at the dining table . nell squeeze behind he and the sideboard behind he to get at the coffee . nell wear make up , badly apply , and she hair be up in a french twist . nell sorry . marrow for a american you do a good imitation of the british at they most apologetic . ( veddy british ) pardon I . Excuse I , sorry , sorry ... nell smile . theo walk in the door , see nell and marrow , nell squeeze in behind he . nell be I that bad ? theo be aware of marrow 's curiosity and fascination with nell . there 's a jealousy brewing . Theo well this be a cozy breakfast . marrow good morning , theo. luke . luke come in behind theo , tired - look also . he go to the sideboard , start help himself to breakfast . luke after I go to bed , the second time , after the ... noise ... I have the best night 's sleep of my life . anybody ? marrow sleep badly , we can see it in he eye . nell yes . I feel really rest , too . theo ? Theo I guess . oh , you hair ! it look good . but she mean exactly the opposite . marrow look over nell 's hair , but she can not stand it . luke come over to the table , drop into a chair next to nell , dig into breakfast . theo 's face turn into a artificial smile . Theo ( cont would ) you makeup too . nell sit there flustered . marrow sense the jealousy , be not quite sure what to make of it , and intervene . marrow eat you breakfast , theo , then we will get start on the test . int . great hall - day close on the complex puzzle of a field - cognition test . nell scratch solution , erase , and finally look up in frustration . she sit alone , tiny , in the murk of the vast vault great Hall . the enormous chimney occupy half the wall on one side of the room . cluster of furniture -- overwrought chair with animal head , splay - foote coffee table , limb lamp -- huddle in strange , silent coven throughout . nell , in a plush chair , lay the work on a table beside she . the clatter of stone on stone make nell look up . the fireplace loom just beyond she cluster of chair , large enough for a man to stand in . a piece of mortar must have come loose . nell stare at the chimney . and a voice let out a loud groan . nell jump . she pop out of the chair . it come from another circle of furniture in the shadow . a figure stand and come over . it 's luke , stretch . luke ( cont would ) I have be think about this carving . kid . lot of kid . fat little angel kid . Wild kid . kid with furry animal . nell the child . the child Hugh crain build the house for . the child he never have . luke come on . this be the typically sentimental gesture of a deprave industrialist . he put he hand on a chair , the back of which be heavily carve in the motif he just describe . nell turn he a appal look . luke ( cont would ) theo be work in the dining room . she 's probably do by now . you finish ? nell could not get the last one . you ? luke I do okay . nell look at the test , try to digest this . luke ( cont would ) we could do this stuff anywhere . I do not know what he 's up to yet . but like I say , that 's the fun . it have something to do with this environment . luke just smile , rise . we will see . he walk off , he footstep echoing in the vast room . the door shut after he . nell sag in she chair . then something catch she eye . on a table opposite , a set of keys . nell go , pick they up . car key , house key . must be luke 's . she pocket they , thoughtful , but just as she do -- -- something move in the fireplace . so fleeting nell can barely see it , and we only catch a frame of it . but the iron mesh curtain hang in front of the hearth be still swaying . nell stand there frozen . the massive fireplace loom before she , like a monstrous mouth , black as pitch beyond the black metal curtain . the sway metal scrape over brick floor . its eerie , repetitive screep cut to the nerve . nell sit paralyze , roote to the chair . screep . screep . screep . a single strand of nell hair stir toward the fireplace , and -- -- something inside the fireplace move behind the mesh ! nell crash back over she chair , knock over a lamp and table , trip , stumbling out of the furniture . Holy shit . whatever move in there be real . Big , dark , like something 's head . it go out of focus and we can not see it as we follow -- -- nell fly away , across the room in headlong terror . int . foyer - day nell slam out of the room , skid as the door slam behind she . she sway up off the floor to run -- -- right into marrow and theo 's leg . nell abort a scream , realize who it be . theo stand there in surprise , hold papers in she hand . nell there 's someone in there ! there 's someone in there in the fireplace ! int . great hall - day nell and theo stand behind marrow and luke across from the fireplace . theo glance at nell . nell be shake . marrow nod to luke , and they start forward together , marrow among the furniture to the leave , luke down the right side . the iron screen hang silent in the fireplace , black , impenetrable . marrow and luke come up on either side , luke ducking this way and that try to get a glimpse through the mesh . they stop before it , neither breathe , both listen . marrow step forward and pull one screen aside far enough to look in . darkness . nell and theo watch , apprehensive . nell Jim ... marrow stick he head into the fireplace . for a long moment , nothing happen . in the fireplace : pitch darkness . marrow feel up the chimney . and then something swing down right in front of he face ! marrow do not flinch . he fling back the screen , revealing the only thing in the fireplace : two massive andiron , and the still -swing flue . it 's cast -iron , forge in the shape of a lion' head . luke throw back the other screen . theo come over . nell follow . there 's nothing else in the fireplace . luke and theo stare at nell . marrow squat to study the hearth . the large iron ash - drop be coat in soot . not a mark on it . he open it . Inside , a glimpse of ash and charree wood . marrow stand , look at nell . nell ( cont would ) somebody be in here . I see he . marrow look at she , not sure what to believe . nell turn to luke and theo for help . not from that corner . then nell remember , reach into she pocket and produce the keys . she hold they up to luke . nell ( cont would ) be this yours ? I find they right over there . luke who drive a Toyota ? theo shake she head . they be not marrow 's . marrow take the key from nell , turn they over . Theo maybe they be Mary 's . marrow Mary come with I . nell when I first get here I see a gray car pull up . I think it be one of we . ext . hill house - day they stand on the front step . nell 's car be right there under the car port . nell this be my car . theo gesture to a sport car on the circular drive . two other car be with it . they walk out into the driveway . marrow and that be luke 's and mine . luke there 's a carriage house around back . ext . carriage house - day together they approach a stable / carriage house off to one side of the main House . it look old , unused . they enter through a small door . int . carriage house - day Light filter in through gap in the wood . luke open one of the main door with a loud squeak , the sun revealing a tarp - cover shape , a carriage . unuse in a hundred year . a row of tarp - cover carriage fill the stall into the distance . luke well , this lot be full ! Theo he must have leave . do not like the look of the place or something . nell how could he have leave without he key ? Theo two set . I do not know . maybe they be not even he . luke then he 's get to be in the house ... as they leave , the camera linger on a cover shape in one of the stall , smaller than the other carriage , it could be a car . a break wagon wheel lean against it . int . statuary hall and short montage through house - day marrow , theo and luke move down the hall , open door leave and right as nell stand at the center of it all . marrow watt ! no answer . the statuary peer down on nell . Dead face on bust . blind marble eye . int . various room and hall - day luke call out . luke watt ! oh watt ! here wattsy ... int . various room and hall - day marrow be look for he , too . marrow watt ! can you hear we ? int . various room and hall - day nell and theo , walk into room . Theo watt ? nell what 's he first name ? Theo David . nell David ? David watt ? can you hear we ? David ! daviiiiid ! int . kitchen - day marrow come through the kitchen . Mrs. Dudley , chopping carrot , stand by the counter . only the slight pause in the rhythm of she chopping say she 's notice he . marrow do you know who this key belong to ? mrs . dudley no. marrow I be expect another guest yesterday . a man , David watt . do you see he ? mrs . dudley no. marrow be you husband around ? I would like to -- mrs . dudley -- have not see he . marrow thank you . frustrate , he continue on . int . hallway outside locked room - day nell and theo walk down the long hallway behind , open door , check room . nell David ? Theo maybe he never come in . if he would come in , he would have leave he bag at the door , right ? or maybe he get here early , and go for a walk , and fall . maybe he 's outside . nell close a door on the right , and then stop dead . stare . the shut , dark , door , the one that scared nell and theo earlier , await they at the end . ominous . nell approach . closer and closer . the door near . nell wrap she arm tightly about herself and try's to open the door . it 's lock . her breath fog the AIR . she do not notice it . but then she suddenly gag . with a look of horror she recoil from the door , choke , cover she face . then theo smell it . the woman be both sick from the smell . Theo ( cont would ) oh my God , what be it ? oh , the smell ... ohhh . marrow come into the hallway . he see they from a distance . on the two woman . Theo ( look to nell for a answer ) be it over ? nell no , it 's get worse . marrow nell ! what 's wrong ? nell that smell ... oh , God . theo blanch , look at nell . she smell it too , and in mirror image fashion back away from the door also . marrow notice the exchange , and watch they , intense . and then , in a heartbeat , the moment be over . ext . veranda - day the red light on marrow 's digital voice recorder blink . the device be in marrow 's jacket pocket , concealed from nell . they be sit in adirondack chair on the long veranda behind the House . marrow , beside she , observe . marrow what do it smell like ? nell it be very specific . marrow ( so tell I ... ) all right ... nell in the bathroom in my mother 's room , the toilet be next to a old wooden table . it smell like that wood . marrow so ... smell ... be ... smell be the sense that triggers the most powerful memory . and a memory can trigger a smell . nell I be not think about my mother 's bathroom . marrow what happen after you smell it ? nell I look at theo . she have a look on she face . marrow like she smell it too ? nell yes . marrow and then what happen ? nell I get more scared . marrow think about this . marrow hmm . nell I be sorry . I be mess up the study . marrow no you be not . something move you . you see something . nell look to he . he 's sincere . he believe she . nell I do not know . maybe I ... " do not " she almost say . she struggle , embarrassed . nell ( cont would ) I have not be with people in a long time . marrow settles in he chair , look out at the forest . marrow I really have not either . nell peer at he , doubtful . be she be make fun of ? marrow ( cont would ) I mean , I be surround by people , day in , dayout . student , colleague . ( beat ) but most of the time , even when I be with they ... you know ... it 's all about power , there 's not much room for actually get to know someone or have someone get to know you . nell 's face flush with compassion . with long . marrow look at she . he 's vulnerable . need . she do not dare hope . the moment last a few heartbeat . he look away . a flicker of distress cross nell 's face . and then she realize marrow be look at -- -- luke . luke ( cont would ) you have to see something . int . grand stairway - day luke , nell and marrow mount the stair , climb up and up . they find theo in the mezzanine stare at the wall at the painting . she turn and look at nell strangely . nell , confuse , turn around . on the wall and the painting be dark stain . Black . Blue . runny . almost like something leak from the roof have run down . nell step back . the stain be the letter N and o. pull back farther : the rest of the word eleanor . nell my name . she follow the streaking substance up , blink in rise fear as more run letter appear . the word : welcome . and higher up , the last : home . nell ( cont would ) no ... but the substance do not come from the ceiling . it be as if the oil on the painting of hugh crain have be boil by a heat gun and blast off , run down from there . Hugh 's face be go . in place of the face , the underlying ivory of the canvas glare out ... like a skull . nell scream and run away , the other call out after she in alarm . as they vanish around the corner , the camera tilt down and we discover smear paint on the floor . smear , it seem , with little footprint in it . int . red parlor - day nell , panic rise in she voice , confront the other . nell welcome Home Eleanor . welcome Home ? I have never be here . who do this ? luke it 's somebody 's idea of a joke . she look at all three of they . nell who do this ? why be you do this ? I do not know any of you . you do not know I . why be you do this to I ? luke shake he head . theo start get piss . marrow stand there , arm fold , observe . luke I do not do it . Theo you could have . luke so could you ! be this some fuck up idea of art , put someone else 's name to a painting ? Theo no. nell theo ... do you ? Theo maybe you do it yourself . nell why ? Theo I do not know . you have be alone for a long time , maybe you want attention . ( point to marrow ) maybe he do it ... marrow I do not . you know that , nell . this be horrifying to nell , be doubted and accuse of something so ugly if it be true . nell I do not know anything . whoever do this , please , just ... just say so ... just ... please ... this be cruel . do not be cruel to I . I can not stand it . you do not know I . and she run out . nell grab for the door to leave . she fling open the door . monstrous arm seem to grab at she . but it 's only a wild - look coat rack in the hall . ext . 2 nd floor balcony - day nell stand at the railing of a stone balcony on the house 's second floor . the air stir she hair . she peer up at the House 's roofline , its cluster of misplace window and other feature like so many scream head . chill , she pull she sweater closer . marrow come out onto the balcony from twin french door behind she . nell be you come to confess ? marrow I wish I be . I wish I have do it , then I could confess and you would be at peace . that great moral philosopher Frank Sinatra once say to someone he love , I wish you have a enemy , so I could beat he up . she smile . nell let 's say it be not you . who do it ? marrow I do not know . nell it be a stupid thing to do . marrow it be . nell ( for the absurdity of the idea ) welcome Home . marrow you will never see it again . Mr. Dudley 's take care of it . ( beat ) I be sorry , nell . can I show you something you would like to see ? nell ( still too shaky for enthusiasm ) sure . int . greenhouse - day marrow let nell into a long , victorian - era greenhouse . it 's overgrown , lush , the lead - glass pane above stain with year of condensation and pollen . vine and tree climb up the side . bed of flower and plant line narrow footpath of brick . nell lean down to look into a water garden with a statue of a man burst from the surface , grasp for the air as if he have be drown . a sudden rumble run throughout the greenhouse . and a cavalcade of water come out of the statue' mouth surprising nell . she let out a little yelp , and then laugh with marrow . nell love the greenhouse . it take she breath away . nell oh ... it 's so beautiful ... nell make she way among the plant . she look up at a towering , double - helix staircase which rise from the floor to a platform which give access to the roof . below the staircase be planter fill with violet . nell ( cont would ) violet . somebody must have die here . and then , out of the corner , come mister Dudley . mr. dudley that 's where she hang herself . nell who ? mr. dudley rene crain . up there . rope . ship 's hawser . hard to tie . do not know how she get it . marrow that 's enough , mister Dudley . mr. dudley she step off the platform . ( he look up , with a suggestive leer ) they have long skirt in that day . marrow thank you , mister Dudley , please ... mr. dudley House be full of storey . if you know how to read this thing , it 's a open book . just a different library than the kind you be use to . nell why ? mr. dudley why would she kill herself ? nell yes . mr. dudley ( what other reason be there ? ) she be unhappy . nell why ? mr. dudley can not say . have not be here that long . ( he 's off ) well , it 's Labor Day , gotta get to work . and off he go . marrow that 's a horrible story . nell look up , and smile . marrow ( cont would ) you be smile . marrow watch she as she move about , take a heavy , ripe bloom in hand , lift it to she face . while she talk , she walk , and marrow follow . nell I be just think how happy I be right now . all my life , I have be wait for a adventure . and I think , oh , I will never have that , adventure be for people who travel long distance , that 's for soldier , that 's for the woman that the bullfighter fall in love with . and here I be , and something be happen to I . strange noise in the night . painting be call to I . and all it cost to get there be five gallon of gas . I be get my adventure . for the first time since we have see nell , there be something to she which be simply ... erotic . marrow follow she down one of the footpath . she smile back at marrow as he trail she . she reach a transept in the greenhouse , and as she turn down it , there 's the slight sway to she gait . marrow follow she around the corner into the transept . at the far end the wall be completely overgrown . nell look up through the ceiling at Hill House loom grim outside , distort in the old glass . marrow someone be play with you . nell why ? marrow I do not know . nell it do not matter . even if they be torment I , someone want I . what I do with this be up to I . I can be a victim , or I can be a volunteer . and I want to be the volunteer . nell glance at he , and for that split second she be raw , passionate woman . she walk away , the sway in she gait aching , powerful . marrow be surprised by what nell just say and stare at she as she come to the overgrown end . nell reach out to the hang vine , pull they aside ... ... and a face stare out . gastly . White . nell take a involuntary step back , a little gasp . the face be marble . blind eye stare from stain cheek . it be a statue of crain . marrow come over . it 's a enormous stone tableaux of Hugh surround by cherubim . the plant have attack it as if try to wipe its funerary presence from the greenhouse . nell ( cont would ) Hugh crain . can not seem to get away from he . she laugh a little at herself . marrow join in . he help she pull the plant back to reveal more of it . she reach out , touch the marble cheek . then dare , grin , and begin to hum she tune . marrow step back to watch she do a sensual slow - dance with Hugh crain , pirouetting , she hip slide past ... hypnotize marrow . marrow what be that tune ? nell I do not know . a lullaby I guess . my mother use to hum it to I . and she mother before that , and so on . ( to the statue ) Hugh crain , would you care to dance ? she hum another two note , and bang ! the door behind she slam OPEN in a gust of wind , jolting nell . she stop and stare . outside the window , through the glass , she see Mr. Dudley , stare at she , he 's be watch she dance . the spell be break . nell , embarrassed , can not bear to look at he . a beat , and then marrow go over and shut the door . when he turn back -- -- nell be just vanish around the corner , she rapid footstep echoing in the vault room . ext . rear lawn - day nell hurry away from the House , across the rear lawn , ashamed at herself as much as she be spook . in the distance Mr. Dudley be walk toward the House with can of paint cleaner a a ladder . nell stop , watch he . he sense she , pause , and smile . nell react . see the ladder . then Mr. Dudley disappear into the House . nell once again start to hurry away , but look back over she shoulder , almost impale herself on the rusted iron fence of -- ext . family cemetery - day ( continuous ) -- the tiny crain family cemetery . nell catch herself . a small swinging gate bar the way . she hesitates . nine moss - cover headstone show the wear of a long century . eight small headstone , one large one . a half dozen unmark stone in the grass : stillbirths . nell be draw into the graveyard . the large stone be rene crain be . the smaller one be she child . nell 's heart be break as she move among they : the various name . one read adam crain april 5th 1874 -- ... the rest of the date be cover by growth . she clear it away . April 6th , 1874 . nell only two day . there be a epitaph , almost wipe out by lichen . nell kneel to read it . nell ( cont would ) the blest be the dead / who see not the sight / of they own desolation ... nell , disturb but not know what to make of it , rise from the gravestone , turn to the next . elisa crain august 21st , 1878 -- she clear it away : August 21 , 1878 . the blasphemous epitaph here : nell ( cont would ) a father 's joy unjustly snatch would by a jealous God ... nell be shake , and dread what she will find next , whirl to the one behind she : wendy crain JANUARY 1 , 1880 -- she clear it away -- January 1 , 1880 . and its graven commandment , so familiar , so comforting , now ring with terrible , malevolent promise : nell ( cont would ) suffer the little child unto I . there be three more grave stone , and after clear away the brush , they too show that the baby die after a few hour , or a day . there 's the same symbol on the grave of the child , a cherub of death . we have see this image before . nell back out of the cemetery , afraid . int . mezzanine - day nell hurry down the mezzanine to the doorway which lead to the Red parlor . int . red parlor - day she stand there a beat stare in at the volume upon volume of book . nell be unsure of what she 's look for . she look at crain 's painting and recognize the same cherub inside the ornate frame . the background in the painting be the red parlor . then recognize in the painting a OPEN bookcase behind crain . intuitively , she turn toward the same bookcase across from she and be able to push it open . Inside a small stairwell ... int . crain' secret study - day down the circular stair nell enter a very small dusty room . Velvet curtain draw shut , only a sliver of sunlight show through . as she eye adjust , she make out the furnishings of a late- nineteenth century office , crain 's secret office . the bookcase fill with business ledger . the business ledger be stamp with the cherub of death . at the end be a enormous desk . behind it a massive , carve chair cover with a sheet , only its lion -head arm rest protrude from underneath . nell realize it 's : nell crain 's study . she move for the desk . a enormous mirror , its silver inner surface flaking with age , tarnish , reflect the room , the desk , and for a split second , a shadow in the chair . nell step in front of it , block we view . and when she step past , there be only the dim , flaking image of the chair , the natural shadow of the room . nell go around the desk , stand over it . the chair sit silent behind she , shroud . on the desk sit a set of ledger mark with mill name -- lowell , haverhill , Manchester -- and year : 1884 , ' 85 and so on . she flip one open . the ledger be a payroll account . name upon name of worker render in sepia by crain 's severe cursive . notation in the column beside it indicate man , woman , or child and the appropriate wage for each class of worker . many of they , at least a third , be child . nell react . disturb by it . she shift closer to that damn chair behind she . the sheet hang over it in such a way that someone could be sit there under it . she turn the page . column indicate pay , and so on . but one column , at the very center of the book , hide in the bind , be unlabel . down the column , some name have a line draw through they , and at the end of the line , a cross . nell follow they back , eye search across the ledger . she turn the page , push the book down revealing that conceal column , more cross . and more . her eye flick back and forth . the cross be pair with entry for child . she look they name ... nell ( cont would ) Erin , Peter and Sean and Emily and Elizabeth ... who be you ? and you ? what happen to you ? you die ... how do you die ? nell turn the page . more and more cross . dozens. score . nell sink down into crain 's chair and tear come to she eye . we see the book . int . grand stairway - night the painting be right there now . the letter have be erase . int . nell room - night we see the ledger , and pull back , and the ledger be in nell 's lap . nell sit on the bed in she sleep tee-shirt and undy . theo look at the book with she . Theo that 's so sad . nell there 's hundred of they . this must be a record of the child who die at the mill , like luke say . Theo before he paint you name over mister crain . theo hand she the bottle . nell take it , top off she glass , spilling . her face be red . she grimace as she toss back a big swallow . nell you really think it be luke ? theo take another swig . she hold bottle of nail polish up next to nell 's bare foot , testing the color . Theo well , it be not I . mister Dudley have to clean it and he know that he 's in charge of all the mess so why would he make more work for himself and ... ( beat ) you say the good Doctor be with you . nell ( ponder ) I do not know what to think anymore . Theo just think about one thing right now : what color ? nell finally put the book down and take a drink . nell I have never have a pedicure before . Theo well ? nell red. ( into this now ) what else ? theo smile and take nell 's foot gently in she hand . she begin to paint she toenail . Theo ( cont would ) see , be not this better than a hit on the head ? nell look down she long leg at theo . nell I be sorry I be mad at you , theo . Theo I too . although I learn one thing about you , that you do not know about yourself . you can be a pretty decent bitch . nell shoot down the rest of the glass of wine . nell I will take that as a compliment . ( beat , try to sound casual ) in the city , what kind of place do you live in ? Theo I have a loft . nell be thrilled with this . nell a loft . that 's a lot of room for one person . probably . maybe there 's room for ... theo look up , understand what she 's ask . Theo you want to move to New York , you want to move in with I ? nell I do not know , you know ... nell lie back , arm spread , let the glass roll out of she hand . theo paint nell 's toenail one by one , carefully guide the brush stroke in along the skin . nell , unused to this , give into the pleasure , and theo see how easy it be to move nell . Theo my place be not like yours , nell , it do not have a view of sea . it do not have a view of anything . what 's interesting about the way I live be what go on inside the wall . live with I ... my boundary be not very well define , nell . do you know what I mean ? nell I be try . have you ever keep something to yourself because you be afraid it would ruin thing . theo look up at she , unreadable . Theo all the time . nell let out a sigh . gently theo 's hand move down the arch of nell 's foot . caress . nell let she . theo finish nell 's last little toe , and then with the brush out of paint , run it gently up the inside of nell 's calf . nell sigh . theo lower she face near nell 's toe , lick she lip : soft , near , red . she blow . nell raise herself up , peer down at theo . see the want on she face . a long beat . nell break the gaze , look away . theo read nell 's look , and release she foot . she sit back in the chair . for a moment nell do not know what to do . nell ( cont would ) I better go to bed . Theo be you sure ? nell I think so . Theo okay . int . nell room - night nell close the door and sit at the vanity brush out she hair for bed . her motion be languid in the light of the single small lamp , off - balance with the wine . her hair brushes out in long , even stroke . the brush move through it , lift it and let it fall . in the mirror the brush draw through nell 's hair , but as it do , the hair divide in its wake like finger running through it . nell freeze . she 's not sure what she just see . she run the brush through again , and again it be as if something pull it back from she head . again -- fast -- she run the brush through she hair , and this time the hair spin up in a knot . nell flinch , drop the brush , knock the shade of the lamp on the vanity a-wobble . she 's out of the chair in a flash , grab she own hair , stare at the space behind she . nothing there . a beat . she steady herself , feel the alcohol . get control . the Tiffany lamp rock back and forth , crystal bead shimmer . the light play across the fireplace and mantle on the wall . and something there catch she eye . nell feel she way across the room , not sure of what she 's see . over the sound of the wind outside , there 's something at the very high edge of hearing . she stop five foot from the mantle . the sway light catch the rich tone of wood . then darken . illuminate it again . darken . the carving of the play child in the wood seem to move . nell stare in drunken fascination . and as the first fear begin to rise in she throat , the wind die down and in its place there be the faintest trace of children' laughter . nell 's reaction change ... to awe . tentative , she hand go out , shaking ... and touch the mantle . it be hard and still . no movement whatsoever . silence . but the face engrave in the wood all seem to be peer up at she , hand outstretch for she , hopeful . ext . hill house gate - night the enormous locked gate be silhouett against the moonlit sky . the chain be dangle in the wind . ext . hill house - night hold on nell 's window , the light shine dim through the gauze curtain . it go out . the window stare from a arrangement of other window , stonework and door ... like a eye with a cataract in a face howling in horror . int . nell room - night nell , she breathe heavy , lie tangle in she heavy blanket , asleep , but restless . her foot hang off the end of the bed . in the b.g. , the door to the bathroom be shut , barely visible in the faint light from the window . hold on it . silently , it begin to OPEN . the gap widen , yawn , pitch dark beyond . a long beat . and then a thump . a sliding SOUND . something drag itself across the floor . bump . slide . we line of sight be block by the bed . but the sound be get louder , come closer . bump . slide . nell grind she tooth in she sleep , pull the blanket about she tighter . bump . the sound stop . and she breath begins to fog . whatever have just come in the room be right there , hover just oc . we can feel it . without warning nell bolt upright , gasping into consciousness . reveal : nothing . just the dark room . and the bathroom door OPEN . nell stare at the -door , know she shut it . now it 's open . she breath fast , feel the cold , know something 's in here with she . she stop breathe , strain she ear . silence . a long moment . then she notice she foot , hang out from under the cover . they be black . feel slick . nell turn on the light by she bed and look down . her feet be cover in gore . where theo have be painting . nell scream . int . nell bathroom - night scream , nell spin the tub faucet on full blast , stick she foot into the spray . Theo ( oc ) nell ? nell ! weeping , nell scrub the gore off she foot -- red , black like old clotted blood . nell who be do this to I ? the door to theo 's bedroom be shut . the handle rattles , urgent , but it will not open . it 's locked . Theo ( oc ) nell , what 's wrong ? what 's wrong ? the blood or whatever it be on nell 's foot come off , be suck down the drain . Theo ( oc ) ( cont would ) nell , it 's lock , let I in ! nell , squatting in the tub , sob as she foot come clean , and there be no wound . theo rattles the door . Theo ( oc ) nell , the door be lock . open it . nell rise , step out of the tub , and look like she could kill , move for theo 's door . she grab the handle but realize what theo have be try to tell she all along : it 's locked . perplex , nell find the key in the hole , and turn it . the door ram open , theo behind it , terrify and clearly just awoken . Theo ( cont would ) nell ... nell stare at she , hair tangle , tear-stain , doubtful . Water splashes in the tub , faucet still run . the light flicker as one in the connect room . theo have time to look up at the bulb in the bathroom , and they all go out . darkness swallow they up . stray moonlight reflect in the mirror silhouettes they stand there . Theo ( cont would ) nell , the tub ! nell stoops in the darkness and the faucet squeak shut . theo bump she way out of the room . nell move to the doorway follow she into -- int . theo's room - night -- theo 's room . theo 's form move by she bed , and with a snick , she cigarette lighter light up . theo hold it above she head , its tiny orange flame glisten off polished wood in the shadow . nell step toward she . drip . drip . from the bathroom . theo 's eye widen ? Theo oh , God , you breath ... and sweeping over they a SHOCK of cold . they breath . nell shake she head : do not say anything . nell turn around , the darkness almost impenetrable . shape , alien , threaten , at the very edge of light -- anyone could be some ... thing . drip. drip . Theo ( cont would ) it 's here . nell look down at theo 's bed , then at theo who move closer to nell . nell give the bed a wide berth . together they back toward the wall with the fireplace . they stare out at we , eye try to adjust , afraid . behind they loom the fireplace and in front of it , a metal cage - like fire screen . a beat . bam ! something lunge out of the fireplace but be catch in the screen , hit nell and theo in the back . theo 's lighter go fly in that very instant , and we never see what 's hit the screen . neither do they . theo fall scream . nell manage to whirl , embrace the cage and slam it with whatever 's inside back into the fireplace . the screen jolt hard enough to lift nell . nell help ! theo still scream , lie on she back before the fireplace , ram she foot against it . the screen hammer at nell and theo . they can not run or it will get out . theo 's scream be suddenly drown out by a horrifying , inhuman SOUND from inside the fireplace . theo 's scream go dead in breath-steal horror . nell recover . nell ( cont would ) no! go away ! the screen punch out at they , dent . and then all the air in the room seem to be sucked into the fireplace in one thump . the door to the bathroom slam . it 's go . they sit there in the darkness , panting . int . greenhouse - next day nell stare at the tableaux of Hugh crain . in the morning light it seem inert , cold , just a statue . luke and theo enter . nell do not seem to notice they until they be beside she . Theo marrow say the same thing as last night , he say -- ( meaning , this be on he now doubtful word ) -- that he check with Mrs. Dudley . and he say that she tell he that all the fireplace in the West wing connect to the main chimney . he say that he think that the flue be open , and with the windstorm , he say that what probably happen be some kind of freak air current -- nell -- what do you think ? theo consider , then look at she , severe . luke ( lower he voice ) do not tell the Professor ; he would probably throw I out . but test take be one of the way I have be support myself . I volunteer for every pay study that they offer . of course straight psych stuff do not pay as much as the pharmaceutical do , or a good wound study . check it out . he roll up he sleeve revealing large , livid scar at interval too regular to be anything natural . luke ( cont would ) a thousand dollar each . be I sick ? yes . do you know why I only date freshmen ? by the time they be sophomore , they have figure I out . Theo ( get back on track ! ) mister very talky , would you please say what it be about this study that bother you ? luke the whole thing feel like experimental misdirection . like he say it 's about one thing , a psychological profile of environmental effect on insomnia ... and that would be a legitimate study , but I think that we have be subject to a academic bait and switch ; he 's really look at something else . nell no. no ... Jim 's not do -- this thing . but there 's a desperate , rise edge to nell 's voice . theo 's , in response , be quiet , sober ... certain . Theo then who be ? come on , nell . deep down , if you really think it be not Jim , why would not you be leave right this second ? why would not you be afraid ? really afraid . nell because I do not want to ruin thing . because home be where the heart be . theo be chill by this answer which would only make sense to someone out of she mind . nell look up and see the double staircase at the end of the greenhouse ... the one where crain 's wife kill herself . and for a moment we see crain 's wife hang there and then the image be go ... int . dine room - day lunch remain be on the table as nell enter , test papers in hand . nell Jim ? I be do . but marrow be not there . she 's about to go back out to look for he , but see something and stop . forgotten by a read chair to one side of the room . barely visible . marrow 's briefcase . nell go to the briefcase , know she should not look , and unable to help herself . marrow 's digital recorder glint out at she . nell take it out , and press play . she look up at the door . any minute he could come back in here ... and then marrow 's voice ring out . marrow ( v.o. ) ... the hallway discussion about last night 's fireplace incident conclude at three a.m . nell continue she alienation of the other subject and the experimenter . it remain unclear whether she truly believe she do not deface the painting . interview with the subject in greenhouse yesterday to ascertain the extent of she self - delusion be inconclusive due to she effort to sexualize encounter with experimenter . marrow 's voice continue on in he assessment , but nell be not hearing anything anymore . she die inside . her world upside down . she fall into a chair , and all we can hear of marrow be the cold , analytical tone , he garble jargon . marrow ( oc ) one minute ! it 's marrow , for real , about to enter . nell click off the recorder , drop it into the briefcase . marrow be startle , not expect nell to be sit right next to he papers and briefcase . marrow ( cont would ) nell . she can only stare at he , eye dead . marrow look from she to the briefcase and back . marrow ( cont would ) be you look for I ? nell can not answer . marrow come over , unsettle . marrow ( cont would ) how be the test go ? nell rise , stare , emotionless . betrayal just beginning to find a hold . she hand he she papers . marrow look at nell , know she 's be in he briefcase . he pick it up , and with a final , sorry glance , exit . int . ground floor hallway - day nell emerge from the study , stand there a beat , lose . then she turn , resolute , and start move . faster . int . great hall - day nell , blind by tear , run across the room toward the grand entry and the exit ... and stop . down the connecting hall , out in the grand entry , at the front door , be Mr. and Mrs. Dudley . leave for the day . they stop . look at she . nell , numb , gaze from the open door to Mrs. Dudley . Mr. Dudley hold the door open as if in invitation . nell could walk out right now . this be she chance . but ... Mrs. Dudley smile a know smile . a all too know smile . and see nell 's decision , gently shut the door . the lock click . final . fate-seal . nell turn back to the House , lose . int . red parlor - day nell walk right up to the moveable bookcase and enter crain 's secret study . int . crain' secret study - day nell sit in silence , try to find a feel , any feel . a long beat . and without warning she leap to she foot in shocking rage . nell how can he think I be do this ! she have a floor lamp in she hand , and hurl it like a throw hammer at the nearest shelf . vase , knickknack and a leather album crash to the floor . she stalk around the room , and then slow , stare at what she 's do , the rage drain out of she . but if she could do something like that ... nell ( cont would ) no . no , I could not do that thing : I be not make it up . she turn in place , desperate ... and see the old leather album precariously tilting on one of the sprung shelf . it 's open . one of the leave flip over on its own , gravity and the weight of its own page turning it . nell approach , step over break ceramic . slip . another page turn . nell hover over it , hold she breath so as not to make the book flip over and fall off the shelf in one instant . slip . another page turn . the book be a photo album of the late nineteenth century , bound with ribbon , the age daguerreotype in press vellum frame . nell peer closer . it 's open to a fade , gray image take long before it become the convention to smile for a photograph : a woman , rene crain , sit in a chair . and stand behind the chair , a fearsome presence in a black coat , he face hollow , malevolent . hugh crain . nell shiver , and slip , the page turn on its own . a image of Hugh and rene , a look of deathly loss on they face . the page flip . crain hover , dark , rage just under the surface , but on rene 's face be the faintest , most inappropriate smile . it send a chill through nell . the album begin to slide down the shelf , and as it do , page flip , rene 's smile grow wider , she hair dishevel , she eye light with grin insanity ... nell grab the book just as it fall from the shelf . it be open in she hand to a picture of crain , alone , in front of the enormous fireplace in the great Hall . rene be gone . the photo be monstrous . nell , fearful , turn the page -- -- and react to the last thing she expect . a picture of a lovely woman fill with grace and power . carolyn crain . pose . on a settee before the fireplace . beautiful beyond word . smiling . ahead of she time . nell ( cont would ) his second wife . there be a second wife ? carolyn . it warm nell . she turn the page . now crain be there beside carolyn . but there be something different about he . less frightening . nell flip the page again , and now there be a image of crain and carolyn . her hair be up in a french twist . nell smile more . nell turn the page yet again . but something be wrong . it be another image of carolyn and the kinder , gentler crain , but now it be carolyn who be unsmile . another page . another . carolyn 's face darken . and in this picture , carolyn 's stomach be slightly distend . nell ( cont would ) she be pregnant . nell turn page faster and faster , and as she do , carolyn swell pregnant before we eye in rag animation , mouth work as if to speak , voiceless as it be ... eleanor . nell fumble the book onto the floor . it stare up at she , open to the last page . it be a image of carolyn . betrayal . hell. knowledge . her hand seem to be pointing at the gape maw of the grand fireplace . nell bolt from the room . int . great hall - day nell burst into the great Hall and stop . at the far end of the room brood the vast fireplace , its chain curtain hang like the veil to some hellish sanctuary . nell stare at it , daunt . what be it that carolyn be try to show she ? the fireplace beckon , and nell approach against she will . she find a steel poker hang by the fireplace , and take it down . she use it to slide one of the chain curtain open . she step into its soot - black mouth . nell peer up the chimney . a faint sigh of air . she stick the poker up the flue , scratch around . nothing . she turn she attention to the back of the fireplace , thwocks it . sooty stone chip away , but it 's solid . the mechanism for the ash drop catch she eye . nell grab the heavy , iron lever . she pull , but can barely budge it . it finally screech back , and the iron door in the floor of the fireplace swing down . nell look in . two foot down it look like a gray blanket of ash , a char timber or two stick out . sick with fear , nell prod the ash . just char wood . she thrust the poker down deep . it vanish in the ash up to she hand . clack . she rake through the ash . clack . and then she feel the poker take purchase . she draw it out , and full of dread turn it to the light ... impale on its hook be two human skull . nell fight back the scream in she throat . one of the skull be a child 's skull , the other a immense skull with brood brow , forehead crush . nell let the poker drop . it bang off the door , fall in the ash drop , its handle hit a spring . nell recoil as the trapdoor SNAP shut like a pair of jaw . int . ground hallway floor - dusk nell stumble down the hall , weep in fear . nell theo ! Jim ! help ! but instead she hear child voice , call out for she . int . confusing series of room ( the maze ) - night nell wind through the pitch - dark hall , room gape black leave and right , search for the voice which seem to come from just around the next bend , lead she around corner after corner . the hallway peel past nell as she run , slamm through door , ever darker . the House 's hellish carving glare as she pass , grin , taunting . she rage on , oblivious until she round a final corner -- int . hallway outside locked room - night -- into the long , dark hall lead to the locked room . the statuary peer down on she . Dead face . blind marble eye . as she turn , the head and eye turn imperceptibly with she . for a frame or two the eye be real , just a subliminal glimmer . for the instant we try to catch the movement , the illusion , it be not there . it make nell stop . she regards the terrible door . she consider the labyrinth around she . and begin to understand . nell the house ... it 's a maze , that 's how you design it , do not you , mister crain ? so wherever one of you little guest go , the house bring they here . it 's design to make you come here . but why ? another cry come from the far end . nell ease down the hallway , the fear welling back on she like a tide . she hesitates , but then the child - cry force she on . she reach the carve door with the wooden guard statue . nell ( cont would ) oh , no ... oh ... no ... no , no ... not that ... oh no ... ohhhhhhhhh ! gaping cold and stench hit she . she gag . now the cry come from under the door . present . Real . right there . nell shudder . the cry grow louder , desperate . she shut she ear to it . the cry rise to fearsome rage , not sounding like a child anymore . not sounding like anything human at all , it 's painful . nell look at the lock room in horror and take off run . int . picture gallery - dusk nell burst into the picture gallery and stop . stand there be marrow , theo and luke , stricken silent by she entry . look of shock on they face . nell just stand there . a beat . and then it pour out of she , hysterical . nell ( cont would ) he hunt all that child in here . the dead child , josiah and Elizabeth and all of they ... from the book ... he take they up here ... he play game ... the one from he mill he burn they up in the fireplace but she find out what he do and she kill he -- she take a breath , and turn gray . before anyone else can react , she leg go out from under she , and she land sit . theo and marrow get to she side fast . nell ( cont would ) -- he do not kill she she kill he and run away with she baby -- marrow grab she face . it 's gray , she eye glaze over . marrow get a blanket ! Theo it 's okay ... we be all here ... luke race out . theo , scared , look at marrow . Theo ( cont would ) what 's happen to she ? marrow she 's in shock . come on . he start to lift she . theo take she other side . nell after rene ... after she kill herself ... he turn into a monster . he do fill the house with child ... he do , but ... they be not laugh ... nell be ugly , sprawling , in shock , as theo and marrow shuffle she to a padded bench on one side of the room . Theo nell , what happen ? nell carolyn show I where she hide he , hide he with all the one he kill -- marrow nell ... please , nell ... take a deep breath ... nell and they be all lock together in here ... and he will not let go of they ! marrow grab she face . marrow nell ! luke rush in with a blanket . theo cover nell and then hold she , gently . marrow ( cont would ) look at I , nell . look at I ! nell manage to focus on he , she breath labor . nell Hugh crain . he 's in the house . he 's still here ... theo pull back , go very still . the first hint of fear in she eye . Theo no. marrow see the panic work on she , give she a stern look : marrow theo ! you too . listen to I . the command derail theo 's train of think . marrow stare at nell in pity , can not bear it , and have to look away . finally he turn back to she , full of regret . marrow nell , you have to hear I . let I explain what 's happen to you . ( beat ) you be participate in a study on hysteria . everyone but marrow react . marrow ( cont would ) I have give you a powerful suggestion that you be in a haunt house . I pick Hill House because it fit the expectation . it be my ... it be my theater , my stage . theo glance at luke : he 's be right all along . this be never about perception . luke modell small - group dynamics in the formation of narrative hallucination . you bring we here to scare we . insomnia , that be just a decoy issue . you be disgusting . nell be this true ? I have be hypnotize ? marrow I have not do a study of how group fear affect individual performance . mass hysteria be like a story , nell . a communal story . someone start it . then we all add a little more to it . and then for some reason -- no one know how -- we start believe it . this story shape what we see and hear . we interpret everything through it , make it fit the story . I start we story when I give you the history of Hill House . you have add to it . that 's what this experiment have all be about . that 's what it be about , the experiment 's over . I be pull the plug . this be my fault . nell it 's not real ? crain ? he 's not real ? marrow shoot he a look : shut up . marrow you fear of he be real . that 's all the ghost anyone need . Theo how could you do this to people ? nell buck in he arm , furious , desperate . nell this be real , I be not make it up ! theo , you see it ! you be there -- the bang and last night . you , you all see the painting ! Theo nell , it make sense . it all make sense . you and I , we be scare each other , work each other up . nell -- but the painting ! nobody say anythlng . the silence torture nell . nell ( cont would ) I know you think I do that . I do not ! go to the great hall and look in the fireplace ! she start to laugh . marrow gently press nell down , tucking the blanket around she . marrow why would we want to do that , nell ? nell because that 's where he burn they up , the child laborer from he mill ! because that 's where they bone be ! he kill < iyhundred < / i>. he take they here and he kill they . they bone be in the fireplace ! nell sob . the other exchange look at this . it sound so hollow , so delusional , it make marrow look so right . marrow there be no bone in the fireplace . luke and I look in it yesterday . there 's some old char wood in the ash drop but -- nell spasm try to fight she way up , but marrow and luke hold she down . nell begin to wail in helpless rage . marrow ( cont would ) nell ! if we look in that fireplace it will just make you more upset . and when there be no bone there , you will say they get up and walk away . nell oh , God , you be not go to look ... theo push they back and grab nell 's hand , gently brushes nell 's face . Theo aw , shhh nell , shhh . theo turn up to marrow , intense , furious with he . nell 's hysterics have stop . she stare up at he , lose . search inside herself . maybe she be crazy ... marrow there have to be monster in the labyrinth . we make they up . that 's how we deal with the thing in everyday life that be too terrible to deal with . like lose someone . like be alone . marrow reach down to nell , but she shrink away . theo block marrow out , shield nell . marrow pause , disgust with himself . marrow ( cont would ) I be sorry , nell . I be really , really sorry I do this to you . luke sometimes say you be sorry be just not enough . a disgust luke leave the room . int . nell room - night nell lie in she bed , shiver . nell do not leave I . theo spread a extra blanket over nell . Theo I be go to stay with you until you fall asleep . and then I be go to get some brandy . nell I do not think I want any . Theo I do . theo spot a small candelabra with string of crystal bead on the bedside table . she light the two candle . theo go and turn out the light . nell lie there watch the flicker of the candle play in the crystal . eddies of heat mingle up the frost - cover glass of the window behind the candelabra . small streak of frost begin to melt ... we see eye form in the melting frost , a face begin to form ... theo watch nell . there can be a time dissolve . nell fall asleep . theo tiptoe out of the room . int . kitchen - night luke eat chip . marrow stand by the door , arm fold , matter - of - fact . marrow I give my key to the gate to Todd , but the dudley will be here in the morning . luke do we still get pay for the week ? marrow you get you money . awkward silence . marrow ( cont would ) where do she come up with it ? how do she put it all together ? luke be that the question of compassion or science ? marrow it 's a question . luke she get the child labor stuff from I . theo come in , she hear what they be talk about . Theo I ... I be play game with she ... Big city game ... I be bad . and you , Doctor morrow , you break she heart . he know this . it tear he apart . marrow be she asleep ? Theo yes . but I promise I would not let she alone the whole night . marrow nod , get he briefcase , exit . int . great hall - night marrow step into the dark , vast room , he glass glint . the faint outline of the fireplace on the far wall loom in the darkness . marrow approach it . the mesh screen be still open . marrow stand there a moment . then look in . he squat and try to open the ash-drop . it do not budge ; it 's jamme by the poker nell drop in . marrow consider , then shake he head , feel stupid for even come in to check . suddenly he cell phone ring , startling he . marrow shit. ( answer the phone ) hello ? yes , this be Dr. marrow . ( beat ) oh , hello . thank you for return the call . ( beat ) no . you mean he have not return ? ( long beat ) no , we have not see he . ( beat ) can you tell I , what sort of car do he drive ? ( beat , reacting ) a Toyota ... int . hallway outside kitchen - night luke stop theo , carry a tray of food and tea , outside the kitchen door . Theo we be fuck . we be in a haunt house and we can not get out until the morning . luke you do not really believe it 's haunt ... do you believe in ghost ? Theo that depend on you definition of ghost . I be go to check on she , and then I be go to stay awake . luke all night ? Theo yeah . luke you want company ? Theo maybe someday . some sexual awareness . int . nell room - night nell lie in she bed asleep , the room dark except for the last , gutter end of one of the candle . it go out . a faint SOUND . long , low , like the inarticulate murmur of a dozen mad . nell stir . her eye open . she hear the sound . the wall on the opposite side of the room catch the pale gloom from the window . the twist figure in the plaster , the low - relief , the shadow they make seem to come together as a eye . Black . not human . the woodwork around it like some half - face . the gibbering begin to rise . out of the corner of her eye she can see a form beside she in the bed . nell 's mouth move . she manage to form word , but it 's just a whisper . nell theo ... nell reach out under the cover . her hand be suddenly grasp . the eye on the wall stare . the babbling , liquid , deep voice mount , and as the shadow move ever so slowly , the eye seem to roam over the room . nell ( cont would ) oh , God . it 's look for I . and then the babbling stop . nell grimace in pain . she try to look at theo , but it 's far too dark right there beside she . nell ( cont would ) theo , my hand . you be hurt I . in the place of the babbling , another sound . High -pitch , draw - out . a child cry . nell react . the cry wail louder , come through the wall . it 's a wail of agony . a wail not of this earth . nell struggle , rack between the pain in she hand and the torture child 's cry . nell ( cont would ) a child . no. no ! I be right here ! the eye focuss on she . Dead on she . nell stop . and with sudden violence , she 's wrenched out of the bed by whatever 's beside she . nell hit the floor with a scream . she grab at the table on this side of the bed , pull a lamp down on she , yanking at its chain . the room flash into brilliance . nell stand up , panting ... there be nothing in the room . no theo . she look at she hand . the eye on the wall be go . nell ( cont would ) oh , God . who be hold my hand ? nell snap around . there on the window , spread before she eye the frost on the glass be melting into a horrifying face . the face of crain . nell recoil in prickle fear . live fear . then she fear turn to rage . in the blink of a eye there 's a heavy ashtray in she hand , and it 's fly at the window . nell ( cont would ) I will not let you hurt a child ! the window bash out into the night , the face vanish with a howl of air . int . nell bathroom - night ne Il explode from she room , a fly fury of hate . the child - cry seem to race ahead of she into -- int . theo's room - night ( continuous ) -- theo 's room , which be empty . now it seem like it 's come from the door to the hall , be right there . nell race after it and -- int . 2 nd floor hallway , NORTH wing - night ( continuous ) -- barge out into the hallway . she break into a run . the cry sound from farther off . nell chase after it . int . nell room - night theo carry a pot of tea and some cup enter quietly just in case nell be asleep . she stop in surprise . the window be smashed , lamp on the floor . nell be go . Theo nell ? int . nell hallway - NORTH wing - night a panicked theo run out of nell 's room into the hallway . Theo luke ... Jim ...! int . cross hall - night hall sprawl away into darkness in all direction as nell try to feel out where she be , and realize she 's lose . just like theo and she be before . but now it 's night . and she 's alone . she 's be trick . pant , she stop , press herself against the wall . her breath catch . across from she be a mirror . herself reflect in its tarnish surface . but there be something wrong with it . nell step across to it . her reflect self begin to smile . but she' not smiling ! nell writhes in horror , but can not pull away from the mirror . in it , she grin widen , insane . the bottom half of she face be someone else 's . bang ! nell recoil . the sound break the spell , knock nell back from the mirror . bang . bang . bang . nell turn and run . int . hall of pillar - night the bang chase nell into the hall of pillar . nell turn to face whatever it be that 's come after she . the banging crescendoe ... and then recede , still audible , but like the thing follow she have take a wrong turn . another mirror on the wall . nell glimpsis herself in it . this time she eye be someone else 's , light with insanity . nell back away , through door into -- int . hall of mirror - night -- the hall of mirror . bang bang bang bang ... the octagonal , mirror-line pillar cast and re-cast she reflection throughout the room . nell be everywhere in plain sight , but hide by the very infinity of she image . the banging grow louder . nell why do you want < i>me < / i>? the banging cease . and then we see the real nell stand there . nell ( cont would ) who am I ? she turn around . her reflection all turn with she . except one . for a long moment , we see it but nell do not . and then she do . the reflected nell stand there , hand hang , silent . nell exhales in shudder fear . the reflected nell mouth compelling the real nell to whisper with it : nell ( cont would ) welcome home , Eleanor ... with that the reflected nell grin and she stomach swell before we eye , pregnant just like carolyn crain . nell ( cont would ) no . nell run . int . hall outside greenhouse - night nell race down the long hall , bare foot fly , cover she face from mirror leave and right . she stumble into -- int . greenhouse - night ( continuous ) -- the greenhouse where she slip on the marble . she kick the door shut behind she and lunge for the spiral staircase , she horror drive she up and up , set the rickety thing swinging . we hear what nell hear , the voice of child . voice of child help we ... help we ... nell I be here ... I be here ... I be come to you , I be come to you ... nell climb higher and higher into the dark reach above . as she climb : through the greenhouse window we see the night sky , the cloud drive by the wind , the moon , old vine wrap aroud the skin of the greenhouse ... and the shape and shadow of the vine seem to shift as if it be alive ... nell reach the landing . the stair case roll back and forth beneath she . a beat . and then bam ! the door slam open below . marrow ( oc ) nell ! nell , be you in here ? nell can only manage sobbing relief . luke ( oc ) look , the stair ! nell drag herself to the hand rail . marrow , luke and theo rush into view below . they all react to the sight of nell at the precarious top -- with she insanely happy smile . they think she 's there to kill herself . just like rene crain . they all freak out in a chorus of ' nell ! no , nell ! ' marrow nell ! do not move . nell could not anyway . she just grin madly , tear run down she face . marrow grab for the stair , but they shift under nell 's movement from up above . luke it 's not go to hold you weight . marrow just stay there , nell ! marrow mount the stair . the metal support rod sing out under he weight . and the whole thing pitch , roll around as he go up . five foot . ten foot . Fifteen foot up . the sway get wilder as he go . at twenty foot , with twenty more to go to reach nell , he stop . the stair buck , sway out dizzily . and then to he dismay , he realize he 's on the wrong side of the double helix staircase . marrow ( cont would ) damn it . he straddle the rail to climb over to the other half . luke do not ! the sudden shift be too much for the old stair . the support rod crease and then the whole enormous column of steel from where marrow be stand to the ground burst from its support . luke shove theo aside , and the bottom half of the stair spiral out in a massive , deafen collapse . marrow 's cellular phone fall out of he pocket and shatter in hundred piece across the floor . the top half of the stair remain , still hang from the ceiling . nell grip the railing at the top . marrow hang there by one hand over the razor tangle of steel below . he flail out for the other stairway , swing himself over to it . it take a moment for he to realize he almost just die . a moment of paralysis . this be no longer a experiment . no longer fun and game . marrow nell ? be you up there ? there she be . marrow force himself to start climb the shaky stair . luke and theo watch from below , tense . then he 's there . nell stand a mere arm 's length from he on the other side of the railing . marrow ( cont would ) come on , nell . you have to climb over and step back on the stair . nell barely seem to hear he . instead she look at the deforming support rod around she . we hear the voice of the child , call to she . marrow ( cont would ) nell ! now ! theo , on the ground , call up to nell . Theo nell , go with he ! just go with he . nell refocus on he and then gingerly climb over the railing . she hang there . she look down at the tangle steel below ... nell the child want I . they be call I . they need I . marrow nell . you will come here now . nell look up at he , hazy . and then behind marrow : the shifting cloud , the moon , the vine ... and suddenly all this random element behind he form a dark hideous face and in front of it a hand , and the hand be rush forward to push marrow off the step . after we scream , nell scream . nell no ! and as marrow fall forward , push by the force behind he , nell grab he ... he be catch on the rail ... as she have reach out to he , now she have fall into thin air , and she fall towards marrow , and they hold each other . she have a hand ... then a foot ... she slip ... she hold on again ... and reach the staircase . she grab on . a moment 's peace ... and then a new disaster : with a metallic pop pop pop the support rod spring from they anchor and the rest of the stairwell next to they drop to the ground in a catastrophic shatter of sound . marrow look behind he , to whatever it be that nell see over he shoulder . he look back at she . her eye be close , she will not open they . marrow we be go down the stair , nell , I be take you down the stair . he lead she go down the stair . int . theo's room - night marrow and theo stand in the doorway to the share bathroom watch luke finish taping a trash bag over nell 's break window . nell lie in she bed , asleep or unconscious , it 's impossible to say . luke finish , come over . marrow be hushed , grim , exhaust . Theo she need help . marrow I will take she with I to the University tomorrow . I can not believe I read the test wrong . I do not see anything that look like she be suicidal . luke you use the wrong test . Theo ( indignant ) will the two of you shut up ! God damn it ! maybe the test be right , marrow . she 's sensitive , she 's vulnerable , but I do not think she 's suicidal and I do not have to test she . maybe she be not try to kill herself . maybe she be really scared . maybe she really hear voice . marrow look away , do not want to say this . theo read the feeling on he face . luke you be not tell we something . marrow watt . that be he key nell find . his roommate call and say watt leave when he be suppose to . I think he 's here . Theo he 's wander around the house , and nell hear he . she think it be ghost . let 's go look for he again . marrow no . if he 's lose somewhere in the house ... he will have to stay lose until tomorrow , until the night be over . what we have to do now be be together , with nell . and they go . Three scared people . int . nell bathroom - night luke sit on the close toilet and watch nell in the adjoin room . Light from the bathroom fall across she fetal , curl form in the bed . the door to theo 's room be open too . luke glance over . theo lie on she bed . marrow be slouched in a chair . luke settles back against the wall . the house exhales , and the breath of the house be like the poppy field in the wizard of oz ; it bring on sleep . int . theo's room - much later that night marrow be struggle to stay awake and he eye finally close . theo breathes hard in the grip of some awful dream . this be what the House want . int . nell room - night nell lie asleep , the ornate headboard loom behind she , black with its strange plant- like splay of leave . nell draw a deep , sleep breath ... and she eye OPEN . she lie there , she breath still in she lung , not move , but sense something . a long beat . when she let she breath out , we can see it in the cold . int . nell bathroom - night luke 's head rest solidly on the wall . his eye be close , unaware he breath be fogging too . int . nell room - night nell lie there afraid to move , afraid to make the faintest sound . from the darkness above wood creak . at first it seem like someone be walk on the floor above . but it be come from within the room . the carving on the ceiling , the impossibly elaborate woodwork , be moving . incredibly slowly , with incredible subtlety : turn inside out , some of the form lengthen , some shorten . carving change here , change there -- the ceiling come alive -- with some grand design we sense but can not yet see . the wood grow out of the ceiling eat its way down into the tall bed poster . it crawl down the poster , strain the sinewy baroque curve , swell they ... the creaking begin from the darkness of the wall opposite nell . nell incline she head to see . out of the wall two enormous bulge grow , side by side . from behind nell , now . the headboard groans , its shape move , the fan-like plant design thicken and splaying wide . nell can not move , she mind refuse to understand what 's go on . the bulge in the wall droop to the floor . and then we begin to see : they be like a pair of knee . understand start to show in nell 's eye . she look up at the ceiling . and now all the movement , the design behind the awful transformation of the ceiling be clear . it be a head . a visage of madness , of absolute horror , eyelid sealing shut its blind face . silence . nell 's breath come rag . unable to speak , but try to call out . the eye OPEN . a scream tear out of nell 's throat . int . nell bathroom - night luke be shocked awake in time to see nell 's room convulse on she just before the door slam in he face . luke oh my God ... int . nell room - night the entire room ram itself at nell , jolting she hard into the headboard . thumb fold out of the woodwork , pin she by the shoulder against it . as the room lower itself toward she , she scream out of she mind . int . nell bathroom - night marrow lunge into the bathroom , throw from sleep as luke stare in impotent shock . theo be there behind marrow a instant later . marrow what be it ? luke can not make any word come out . marrow shove he aside , grab the doorknob and thrashes at it . marrow ( cont would ) help I ! he brace luke up , and then they lunge together , shoulder the door . it splinter out of its frame -- int . nell room - night ( continuous ) -- and stumble into nell 's room . marrow 's mouth open . luke stand speechless . they be stricken by the sight : nell scream , hold by the headboard as the deform ceiling dip over she , the room thrusting at she rhythmically . nell and theo make eye contact . Theo oh , Jesus . marrow recover , reach out for nell , and the face in the ceiling turn on he . the gaze stop marrow in he track . he look up into it and know it 's real . somehow , it be crain . luke appear from out of nowhere on the other side of the bed and smashes off one of the wooden hand with a large brass candelabra . nell scream in surprise , but theo drag she out of the bed . the head turn to they . they flee . marrow back away in awe and fear . int . great hall - night luke and theo drag nell down the stair into the great Hall . marrow bring up the rear . they retreat for the entry as luke put he jacket over nell 's shoulder . marrow stop , look back up the stair . marrow wait a second ! wait ! all there be be the sound of nell , luke and theo make for the hall to the entry . the House be silent . luke no. luke go out . but nell pause , stop theo with she . the House be quiet . marrow 's hand still outstretch . nell look around the room . there be head everywhere , face : animal head , human , god , all stare from the woodwork , the carpet everything . all turn to she . theo look around , but can not see what nell be see . nell 's breath come faster , disorient , yet aware ... nell they be all in here . all the one he kill . they be just child ! we have to help they ! Theo ( to marrow ) come on ! why be we wait ? even now , marrow can not believe what he just see , but theo 's voice bring he back . he whirl , grab onto nell , help theo drag she out . ext . hill house driveway / gate - night four car sit behind the massive , lock gate , as far from Hill House as possible . marrow pace past the fence , stare out , the road beyond lead out of this place , so close ... luke dig with a pen knife at the marble foot below the gate . no easy way under it . he stand and gaze at the razor - sharp spike twenty foot up . there 's no way to climb this . Theo oh my God we need to call someone ? marrow just look at she and walk back to nell 's car . int . nell car - night nell sit in the passenger seat of she car , wrap in she jacket . she stare out at the gate , at luke and theo consulting . marrow appear in the window . marrow you okay ? nell nod , but there 's something about she not right . nell why do you bring I here ? marrow shake he head , do not fully understand . nell ( cont would ) why do you call I and tell I to look in the paper for the ad ? marrow nell , what be you talk about ? I never call you . nell stare , dismay , but marrow be dead serious . nell but you tell I to look in the paper ! you tell I I would be perfect ! marrow nell , the first time I ever speak with you in person be the night we meet here . nell then who call I ? Hill House loom behind she , window form eye , the carport a gape mouth . nell 's dismay become a cold , terrifying understanding , and she turn and stare back up at the House . luke come up with theo on the other side of the car . Theo nell -- luke -- how much be this car worth ? ext . hill house driveway / gate - night theo pull nell away from the drive . marrow stand back from nell 's car where luke belt in behind the wheel . luke ease the car forward to the gate . he advance until the car 's bumper make contact . and then without further ado , revs the engine . the buick grind into the heavy steel bar . the chain tighten around the two halve of the gate , but show not the slight strain . int . nell car - night luke grimace , shift into low , pour on the gas . ext . MAIN gate - night the car fish back and forth against the gate , hurl a shower of gravel on the other car off to the side of the road . marrow , nell and theo move back . one of the buick 's headlight break . the grill mash in . for a long moment the car struggle against the Gate . no good . luke ease up . theo look at marrow . luke put the car in reverse . luke get the hell out of the way ! they back way up . luke vanish up the drive in the car . and then the buick come around the corner , accelerate , slice down the gravel road . int . nell car - night luke sit way back in the seat , grit he tooth , floor it , aim at the gate ... ext . MAIN gate - night the car smashes into it ... and be stop , collapse , twist in a deafen hail of steel and glass . the massive gate have bent itself around the car , hold it in its steel - grip . ext . gate - night nell understand , the house will not let she go . she turn away from the gate , face the House , mesmerize by the beauty in this monstrosity . the House be call she back , and nell be draw towards it . she start walk ... int . nell car - night luke gasp for the seat belt , the wind knock out of he , steering column push to he chest . marrow and theo run up outside . luke see he , see he 's not get any closer than ten foot , and he 's look back at the gas tank . luke get the seatbelt off , try to open the door but it 's warpe shut . he struggle to get out from behind the wheel . spark jump from the battery . Gas shoot out of the fuel pump onto the shattered window . he know he 's in trouble . Theo hurry . the gas ! luke ... the gas ! finally luke get free of the wheel . it 's agonizing to watch ... the passenger door be jamme shut too . he squirm into the back seat . the rear door be in the same condition as the front . but the rear window be blow out . he crawl out onto the trunk . ext . MAIN gate - night marrow hurry around the back of the car , stay clear of the lake of gas spread about it . luke roll off . marrow help he up , and get he away a safe distance . luke I be okay . okay . just my chest . just my wind knock out . marrow look up at the gate . it be even more impassible than before with the gasoline - saturate wreck in it . no way to try another break - out either . luke ( cont would ) sorry about you car , nell . he turn around . the other do too . no nell . luke and theo look up . mute dread . no nell anywhere . marrow oh , no . int . grand entry - night the massive black door swing silently into the dark , vault entry . marrow pause there , look about , and then enter . he hold a tire iron . luke do too . he and theo follow marrow in . Theo I be sure she go back to she room . int . grand stairway - night they stay to the outside of the stair , pad silently up , try to get a glimpse of the floor above . it 's shroud in darkness . they turn at the landing , eye rivete to the top of the stair . they start up . int . 2 nd floor hallway , NORTH wing - night marrow , luke and theo pause at the top of the stair and peer down both long , empty direction of the hallway . then marrow turn toward nell and theo 's room . the brass candelabra ... in front of the open door . the room draw nearer , closer . not even the sound of they breathe . the door be ajar . marrow push it open with the tire iron . the room lie in silent disarray . normal disarray . the bed normal . the ceiling normal . no nell . marrow and theo react and enter the room . luke linger out in the hall a moment . and just as he step in after they we hold on the long , empty hall -- -- and a figure glide across . Far down at the other end . she disappear . it be nell . int . statuary hall - night nell walk through the row of dark statue . carve face watch she pass . int . hall outside locked room - night nell stand before the threshold of the horrific door , once lock , now inexplicably OPEN . the mythological frieze on the door split in half , a world cut in two , a seal break . like something have come out of its tomb . nell step into the blackness . int . theo's room - night marrow come out of the bathroom , join theo by the window next to she bed . luke stand in the doorway . Theo be sure she would be in here . luke ( worried ) where in the hell can she be . marrow remember . marrow oh no ... int . greenhouse - night marrow , luke and theo enter the greenhouse , the heavy growth forbid in the darkness . they spread out on the parallel walkway . Theo nell ? they reach the transept , turn down it toward the statue of crain at the end loom white in the dusk . Dead silence . then marrow scream . under a thin layer of ice underneath the giant hand that protrude from the pond we find Watt 's body , as if the hand want to keep he there forever . marrow do find he watt , a horrifying sight . marrow oh my God it 's watt . as at the same time out of the mouth from the sculpture erupt a river of blood , scare the hell out of they . they clothes splatter with blood , marrow quickly lead they out of there . int . locked room - nursery - night nell stand there in the darkness , sense the expanse of the room , turn ... and kick something on the floor . it be a wooden toy train . then she see a rock horse by she foot . it be a nursery . turn-of- the-century . and as nell 's eye adjust , as she try to see what else be in here in the dark , she begin to make out white shroud shape . against the wall . a bed cover in a sheet . a table beside it . a hand bell . a cane . just like nell 's sick room at home . nell realize it , cover she mouth . the furniture be in exactly the same position , though the sheet cover the piece be stain , far older . and on the wall , something in a frame be cover with a piece of sheet . nell approach it in trepidation and remove the cloth . for a long beat , all we see be she face as it go slack . understand . the frame thing be a stitchery . it say : a place for everything , everything in its place . just like the one at home . int . great hall - night marrow , theo and luke barge into the great Hall . Theo nell ! luke we can not stay here look for she . she do not want to be find ... marrow and theo look at he . it 's what they have be think , but have not have the courage to say . theo stop suddenly . turn around . the man notice , and pause . then they hear it . faint . float down from upstairs somewhere . nell 's tune . it do not sound right , but it 's hard to tell as it 's come from so far away . they look at each other , start for the stair . int . hallway outside locked room - night theo , marrow and luke stand at the end of the dark hallway . they stare at the gape door to the nursery at the far end . the tune be come from within . abruptly , it stop . and instead of nell 's tune , there 's a repetitive creak . creak . creak . in rise dread , theo start forward . it take marrow and luke a moment to come after she . the creaking get louder , unnerve . they get to the door , theo first . she push they wide . int . locked room - nursery - night they stop there , stare into the shadow . Theo nell ? and there , hunch over something turn a creaking crank of some sort , be nell . marrow nell . nell straighten from whatever it be she be do and turn to they . theo step toward she , afraid for she . Theo what would you come back for , babe ? nell just have to be sure . luke come on , Jesus ! let 's go ! marrow shut he up with a vicious gesture , stay back himself as theo approach nell . Theo let 's go , hon . do not you want to go back to you little apartment where you can hear the buoy out in the harbor when the wind be just right ? nell smile at theo . she 's hold something . nell oh , theo . you know I do not have a apartment . Theo then let 's go get you one . nell 's smile soften even more . her voice be reassure . nell do not worry about I , theo . I be want . right here . I be home . a chill of fear cut through theo as nell look deep into she eye . nell ( cont would ) after all ... ( beat ) I be family . the thing in nell 's hand be a needle , the thing she 's be cranking a ancient phonograph . she lower the needle to the spin record . and her tune , the one she hum all the time , begin to play . the other be freeze where they stand . marrow 's mind reel at the implication of what he 's hearing . marrow no . nell my mother use to hum this to I . like she mother hummed it to she . and my great grandmother carolyn hummed it to she . nell turn back . the other stand there speechless . nell ( cont would ) I have to stay . you better go . I could explain it , but you would never understand . and that , finally , galvanize the other into action . marrow sweep past theo , grab nell hard , and swing she for the door . marrow come on . nell no -- Theo please , nell , just see we out . luke close in on nell with marrow , and there 's nothing she can do but let herself be pull along . int . grand stairway - night down the stair they come , luke out in front now , bound down a half flight ahead . marrow and theo support nell between they . nell look up at the hood painting of crain , but be spun around and take down the next flight . int . great hall - night nell , marrow and theo reach the bottom of the stair and pause . luke be halfway across the room , look back to make sure they be with he -- -- and nell dig she heel in , jerk marrow and theo to a stop . she stare . the other follow she gaze . she 's look down the connect hall , out to the entry at the front door . they be open . nell in the night ... the door bam shut with a concussion that rock the entire room , sweeping luke 's jacket under it . the handle turn , lock down . stun . all stunne . a rush of AIR . the House exhales . silence . and then creeeeak . they cast they eye back up the stair . bump bump . far-off sound , hair-raise , of infinite variety , carry down the hall . nell ( cont would ) ... in the dark . luke rush from the room . int . grand entry - night luke yell and throw himself at the front door . marrow run over to help he and shove the tire iron between the door and pry . marrow throw the useless thing down and stand back . luke join he , and they shoulder block it together . but this door be massive . there 's no way . luke no you bastard ! break ! he roundhouse kick it , hurt himself . theo , afraid , watch the great Hall behind they . nell put she hand on she shoulder . nell it 's not safe for you anymore . the child need I , and crain be do everything he can to keep I from they . theo stare , appal . marrow look around , put he hand up to shush everyone . the house moan , the bumping grow , search . marrow come on . he rush down the hall , luke right beside he , nell and theo in they wake . int . dine room - night luke 's first barging into the kitchen . Big window all along the wall . huge window . marrow follow he in , luke 's fear turn into a vicious smile as he see the tower window . nell and theo be right behind in time to see luke and marrow scoop up a table and chair respectively . luke watch out ! the man rush the same window , side - by-side , and let the heavy piece of furniture fly from ten foot . the window shatter , dozen of pane blow out into the darkness beyond . but the metal lattice remain , the chair 's leg stick in it . marrow and luke pause , take back a beat . they hustle over to it . theo and nell stand a few foot back . luke grab the chair , lever it , try to pry open the metal . marrow reach through , knock loose glass , try to find some sort of handle on the other side . Theo hurry ! theo watch the door behind they . luke pries at the inch of metal between he and freedom . it will not break . marrow they do not open ! marrow slip on the break glass and catch hold of the lattice lacerating he ring and little finger . with a cry of pain , he land on the floor . marrow ( cont would ) oh Jesus my hand . nell and theo fall to the floor to help he . marrow moan , and nell grip he injure hand in hers . fast , like she be bear a trauma doctor , nell clamp off the blood with she finger . nell give I you shoelace . marrow tug at he shoe , in shock , and look at nell . she 's calm . terrifyingly calm . and in that moment , he realize she 's not out of she mind . she just understand thing beyond what he could possible begin to understand . marrow what will happen to we , nell ? nell nothing , if you leave right now . there 's a war go on all around we . do not get in the way , please . nell cinch the shoelace tight around he wrist . luke throw down the chair , give up on the window . luke shit ! all right , you sonofabitch ... as he look up at another one of crain 's painting hang on the wall . nell theo with marrow straggle toward the great hall . int . vestibule toward great hall - night luke maybe this will get you attention ! luke flick a lighter out of he pocket . marrow luke ! before anyone can stop he , he light a tower tapestry on fire . he race from one to the next , lighting they . theo and nell help marrow up , back away as luke shoot by . all the tapestry be on FIRE , blaze up like torch . at last , he rage spend , heaving , he move to join the other at the center of the room . they stare at he , appal , afraid . know he have do something wrong . luke stop . maybe fifteen foot away . he see they expression . luke what ? nell look over at the burn tapestry . heat sear the stone , blacken the carve figure in the woodwork . the ruddy light cast deep shadow throughout the room . luke ( cont would ) we will get out after this wing burn down . let 's go . but there 's no need . the tapestry be consume themselves too fast to ignite the wall or ceiling . they all realize it . as the last flame scrap of cloth fall to the floor and go out , there be utter silence . int . great hall - night luke look at they helplessly . a awful , impending beat . without warning , the huge persian carpet he 's stand on jerk out from under he . luke fall on he stomach . stun , luke look straight into nell 's eye . then the carpet slide fast for the fireplace . it whip up to the hearth and send luke fly through the chain curtain . the other be speechless . they can do nothing but watch as luke lay there on the ashdrop . a long moment . nell ( to the house , to crain ) no ! no ! let they go ! she know what be go to happen , be powerless to prevent it . luke stand up , have time to give she a look . and then the lion' head flue drop open behind he . luke look back into its iron eye -- -- and with shocking speed the flue snap shut again , take luke 's head off he body . the decapitate corpse fall back in the fireplace like a puppet with its string cut . nell , marrow and theo stand there . not sure of what just happen , they mind unable to accept it . a sound come up in theo 's throat . a sob . a horrify whimper . marrow and nell stand there speechless . it 's as if say the obvious will make it real : marrow luke . bang . the blood - splatter lion' head drop open . luke 's head fall out . theo scream and scream again . nell back away with marrow , almost have the presence of mind to drag they away , but -- -- clang ! the ash drop open . the sudden sound stop they in they track . as they watch , it 's as if the House inhales . and boom ! out of the ash drop explode a hail of bone , skull , flying ash . nell , theo and marrow back up toward the Grand staircase as ton of incinerated human remains vomit from the fireplace , blast across the floor , knock over furniture with shocking violence . skull bounce over wood . hundred of they . theo and marrow cover they face as shattered bit of bone , loose tooth pelt they . nell be immune . they run up the Grand staircase toward the top and finally it can not reach they anymore . int . mezzanine - night they look out at the full scope of crain 's horror . Theo oh God , we can not get out ! marrow nell , what do we do ? nell he play hide and seek with the child . that 's how he build the house . marrow stare at she , tremble . he glance around at the wind labyrinth of house . impossible . marrow we can not hide in here ! we will not make it till morning . nell look at he , pity . infinitely sad , but guard they . nell I know . behind they the huge painting of Hugh crain in a golden frame with sharp metal spike , look down at they . the room inhale and exhales , the bump sound resume . a rumble run through the house and they all look down in fear toward the great hall where a cloud of ash still hang in the air . unseen by they , this rumble start to shake the painting behind they . the sound from the great hall make marrow and theo back up more , but nell do not move ... she sense something be about to happen and she will fight it ... she suddenly turn and see the painting ... in a flash she reach out for marrow and theo , pull they out of the way as the giant painting with the huge skull , fall face down toward they . it miss they by a hair , but they clothes be shred by the spike . marrow and theo be -shock as they back up right toward the griffin on top of the staircase . for a split second the brass griffin right behind they , come alive , open it 's fang and claw and be ready to attack ... but nell see the danger , grab a human bone and batter the griffin . nell ( cont would ) no , no , you leave they alone ! and the griffin turn back into brass . marrow and theo unaware of what happen behind they . they have to get out of there . int . second floor hallway - night nell lead marrow and theo down the dark hallway , the twisted woodwork along the wall freeze , but seem poise to reach out , trip someone , grab a sleeve . it be a nightmare House . do what it be make for . the bumping they have leave behind seem to vanish up and into the ceiling . it give chase , on the floor above . nell keep look back , and every time she do the bumping seem to get more firm , more like a footstep . calm , nell urge they on . nell hurry . the footstep upstairs come faster ; whatever 's up there move better , more naturally . theo and marrow turn left through a archway . nell look back at the ceiling . the thing 's move fast . she dodge toward the archway where theo and marrow go , and stop . it 's a wall . solid wall . there 's no archway here ! nell back away . alone . the House have separate they . nell try to open any of the hall door , but they be all lock . there 's no other way then go back . int . mezzanine - day nell be back in the mezzanine , step carefully over crain 's painting . the long white lace curtain in front of a side window start to flutter in the wind ... but the window be close ! nell walk up to the top of the stair , she back to the window , call out : nell Jim ! theo ! no answer , and as she step forward , listen for a reply , the curtain billow out behind she , and in its movement , become for a split second , the image of crain , grabbing for she . nell , oblivious , step just out of reach , and as the breeze fail , the contour and pattern of the billow curtain dissolve into chaos . nell glance back at it , just see curtain , and look up at the open window . she turn from it , determine , and start out to find she friend and walk down the step . int . grand staircase / great hall - night close on the brass griffins that guard the staircase . behind nell 's back they all turn toward she , follow she with they eye as nell enter the great hall . and they cower in fear for what be about to happen . again nell call 's out for theo and marrow . and nell do not see the score of tiny arm of child that fold out from the carving in the high back chair in the hall as nell carefully avoid step on the skull and bone of the child that cover the floor . horrifyingly alive be this tiny hand as reach out for she hair after she pass . we be scream as they almost have she ... and nell step away . and then ... creak ... creak ... creak ... the terrify animal head on the balustrade , they eye flash in fear . the lion above the big fireplace snarl restlessly . cherubim , afraid , clasp hand . god and man pay unwilling witness to what be now come down the stair . the upper flight of stair strain under the weight of the thing come down , over we head , come down , down ... and now at the landing . the sound stop . nell 's breath escape , visible in the cold as she watch , roote to the floor in the Grand entry . darkness against darkness . something block the glint of the gild frame up on the landing . something huge . a beat . and then a shadow sweep across the scene , impenetrable , darken the stair , wiping they from sight , like something glide down they . before we eye , out of the most subtle variation of shadow , flicker into existence : the shape , tall , eight or nine foot , featureless , black , but in the proportion of a enormous man with he head bow , shoulder stoop . and just like that , all it be ... ... be a well of darkness and night once again . we do not even know for sure what we just see . but it be still there in that bar of shadow . nell go rigid , not breathe , not see anything but the awful presence . she be spellbound . bang . a door in the connect passage open , and theo and marrow come out , between nell in the entry and the thing in the great Hall beyond . in a flash the shape be move at theo and marrow . they do not see it , have they back turn . Theo nell ! there you -- but nell be look past they . they see she face and turn around . nell nooo , not they ! what be come at they make the blood stop . the shape rush from the great Hall , vanish as it cross the pool of moonlight , reforming darker as it hit shadow again , its wake like a shockwave , invisible itself , but visible in its effect : theo scream . marrow stumble back . and then nell 's voice ring out : nell ( cont would ) be this where she bashed you brain in ? the onrush presence stop . seem to turn its attention to nell , stand there before the tower front door . nell ( cont would ) when you come in the door ? I bet that be the last thing you expect . right ? from carolyn ? ( beat ) you think , oh , carolyn , I have take it all out of she , you think , oh , carolyn , she 's no threat . carolyn . great grandma carolyn . do you know that ? nell show no fear . there 's a ferocious edge to she voice . nell ( cont would ) she find out what you do , and she know there be only one way to stop you . and she stop you , so you could not torture anymore of the live . ( beat ) but you would not even let go of the dead , would you ? well , now I be here . they call I . do you know that ? they have be cry out for help for a long time . and I hear they . she point out at the human remain strewn all over the great Hall . nell ( cont would ) and I will not let you hurt they anymore . the shape hover there , silent . Air and shadow distort around it . the carve animal head on the newell post and wall loll back and forth , alive then not-alive . piece of furniture stamp in fury , try to animate themselves , but can not find limb that work . nell ( cont would ) come on , Hugh crain , you know what to do . we have both be here before . the shape howl forward , knock everyone out of they seat . it fly across the floor at nell . marrow and theo be slam against the wall out of its way . nell open wide her arm in a embrace . it 's on her , but just as it seem to hit , it split like she go right through it . the shape and all the debris in its wake impact deep in the enormous door . the carve woodwork seem to suck it all in , crack , groan . and then all the scream be cut off . nell stand there with she arm spread . a long moment . she open she eye . and then the woodwork lash out , grab she from behind , slam she back against the door . the blow have kill her . we feel she bone break as she crumple , be draw into the woodwork . and for a few second nell 's body just hang there ... and then it gently fall down . theo let out a horrify cry as she run toward nell . Theo nell ! marrow get up off the floor in terror and awe , he life he belief change forever . he walk over to nell and feel she pulse , know it be a useless gesture as theo softly moan over nell . and as the camera pan up across the entry door , we see a new carve in the sculpt door . it be a woman and as we move in we can see that she wear the same necklace as nell ... int . hill house front door , entry - early morning the house inhales . and boom ! the front door blast wide . every door in the entry slam open . ext . hill house - early morning against the early light of a rise sun , the silhouette of Hill House . every window and every door in the House be open , each and every one crying out with a different , unintelligible voice , like a soul , the soul of a child , escape from each one . ext . gate - dawn theo and marrow stand on the far side of nell 's wreck car . on the other side of the gate Mr. Dudley be undoing the chain . Mrs. Dudley stare at the rag duo . mrs. dudley ( she final verdict ) City people . Mr. Dudley can barely get one side of the gate open with the car crush in it . theo and marrow emerge , daze , into the real world again . mr. dudley you find out what you want to know , mister ? marrow stare at he , he 's a exhaust man . he walk away , theo beside he . Theo I be not go back to New York City . I be go to find a apartment with a little flower garden , where you can just see the ocean and at night , when the wind come in just right , you can hear the sound of the harbor . what about you ? marrow I be a scientist . I just conduct a experiment . now I have to write it up . Theo but the experiment be a failure . now , we could have he say this line ... marrow be it ? but he should just look at she , and say the same thing with he eye . we pull back . ext . berkshire hill - day ( aerial ) the summer hill lie green , pass fast underneath . clearing loom out of the forest ahead . and there , its sprawling stone in the sunshine , rise Hill House . fade out . alternate ending ext . gate - dawn theo and marrow stand on the far side of nell 's wreck car . on the other side of the gate Mr. Dudley be undoing the chain . Mrs. Dudley stare at the rag duo . mrs. dudley ( she final verdict ) City people . Mr. Dudley can barely get one side of the gate open with the car crush in it . theo and marrow emerge , daze , into the real world again . mr. dudley you find out what you want to know , mister ? marrow stare at he , he 's a exhaust man . he walk away , theo beside he . as they walk away , the SOUND of applause come up . we dissolve to : int . printing plant - day where the applause turn out to be the sound of a press finish a run of a book . this could be shot in a old press in England , or a foundry , with a few piece of equipment to suggest a press . there be stack of book . this be the printing press in Hell . the noise be deafen . the title of the book : fear and performance . marrow stand before a mountain of copy of the book . a printer very proudly hand he a copy . printer ( have to shout ) first copy ! marrow open the book . the printer look at the page over he shoulder . printer ( cont would ) ( read ) this book be dedicated to Eleanor vance , luke sanderson , rene crain and carolyn crain . ( to marrow ) they will be happy to see this . they name in a book , it kind of make they immortal , do not it ? marrow look at he . marrow in a way . marrow study the page . we go into the whiteness of the page to : ext . hill house - day where we find theo . the House be beautiful today , it 's sunny , there be flower outside , the mood have change . theo be now soften , she 's find something better than what she have . she go into the house . int . hill house - day theo be in the House . she look around , walk up the stair . Theo nell ?... nell ? ext . berkshire hill - day ( aerial ) the summer hill lie green , pass fast underneath . clearing loom out of the forest ahead . and there , its sprawling stone in the sunshine , rise Hill House . fade out .