the wife screenplay by Jane Anderson base on the novel '' the wife '' by meg wolitzer the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 1 . fade in : int . castleman bedroom , connecticut -- night , october 1992 1 close on the rumple empty , half of a bed . the bedside table hold a stack of novel , a pair of read glass , note pad , pencil . all be silent except for the hum of a digital clock . we see the face of the clock click to 2:45 am . then we hear the creak of floor board and the lumber footstep of a man return to bed . the space in the bed be fill with the figure of the novelist joseph castleman , early 70' . he have the anxious , exhaust look of someone who do not have a prayer of sleep . Joe be a handsome , aging Brooklyn boy turn literary giant . he have the beard and the bear of a proper eminence grise but he be also a unapologetic sensualist . he embrace all that life have to offer with a greedy , passionate vigor -- which , the critic tell we , be what make he write so rich . crinkle , crinkle , crinkle ... Joe start unwrap a package of hostess snowball which he 's bring back to bed with he . next to he , joan castleman , he wife of 40 year , be on she side , eye shut , but awake , try for sleep . she 's five year he junior -- a elegant , educate , deeply self - possess shiksa from the upper-east side who be breed to be a muse and helpmate to some brilliant , charismatic man . crinkle , crinkle ... joan Joe . what be you do ? joe I be hungry . joan do not eat sugar , it will keep you up . joe listen , if it do not happen I do not want to be around for any of that sympathy call . let 's get out of here . let 's rent a cabin in Maine and stare at a fire . joan that sound cheerful . joe oh fuck it . Joe devour the snowball then brushes the crumb off and rearrange he pillow . then he turn on he side and go the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 2 . about the business of seduce he wife . he search the fold of she nightgown for a breast . joan do not . joe do not what ? joan do not pretend you be interested in sex just because you be climb the wall . joe come on , just a quickie . it will help we sleep . joan I be asleep . joe you should not be . it 's unnatural . Joe start fondle Joan 's breast . joe ( cont 'd ) you do not have to do anything . just lie there . joan darling , this be pathetic . joe but in the best sense of the word . pathos ...eros ... joan Fine . go ahead . joe pretend I be some young , inarticulate stud who 's find you lie naked on a beach ... Joe slip he hand under she nightgown . joe ( cont 'd ) his hand be big and tan , blond knuckle hair , middle - finger probing ... joan mmm . joe and now he 's pull out he huge , sway , tumescent cock . 1a the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 3. joan ( laugh ) oh God , Joe , enough ! Joan hike up she nightgown and Joe move on top of she . he enter she and they go about the business of fuck . he come quickly with a furious yell . Joe roll off she and Joan rearrange herself and settles back down to sleep . Joe let out a huge sigh , fidget . joan ( cont 'd ) Joe . joe sorry . joan do you want a sleep pill ? joe Nah , I do not want to wake up groggy , just in case . fuck they , why do I care so much ? I be too old for this shit . bastard fuck . his vitriol spend , Joe nestle himself against Joan and take she hand and place it on he head so she will stroke he hair . she oblige he , run she hand through he hair to soothe he to sleep . joan g'night , Joe joe Love you , joanie ... go night . ext . castleman home -- dawn 1a bird be start to chirp as dawn break on the castleman home : a charming old Connecticut farmhouse , a appropriate residence for a famous novelist . we hear a phone start to ring inside . int . castleman bedroom and house -- early morning 2 Joe and Joan be fast asleep , each sprawle on they separate side of the bed . Dawn be just break . we hear bird start to chirp outside . the phone ring . on the second ring , Joe wake up with a start and grab the phone . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 4 . joe hello ? we hear crackle on the other end and the voice of a man from a distant land . arvid engdahl ( on phone ) hello . be I speak to Mr. yoseph castleman ? joe yes . yes you be . arvid engdahl ( on phone ) this be Mr. arvid engdahl call from the Nobel Foundation in stockholm , Sweden . Joe press he hand to he chest . Joan have wake up . joe this be not a joke , I take it . arvid engdahl ( on phone ) no , no , Mr. castleman , I assure you . if you like I will give you the phone number here and you can call back to confirm . joe well thank you , that will not be necessary . Joe nod to Joan that this be it . joan oh my God ... joe before you go on , can my wife Joan get on the extension ? arvid engdahl ( on phone ) yes , of course , I will wait . Joe madly gesture to Joan to go . int . office -- early morning 3 Joan be now grab the phone on the desk . she 's surround by book shelf , which be mostly housing all the various edition and translation of Joe 's prodigious work . she can hear arvid and Joe chat about the weather in stockholm . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 5 . joan ( into phone ) hello , I be on . arvid engdahl ( on phone ) hello Mrs. castleman , be that you ? joan yes it be . arvid engdahl ( on phone ) Mr. castleman , you be still on as well ? joe on phone yes I be . arvid engdahl ( on phone ) it be my great honor and pleasure to tell you Mr. castleman , that you have be choose to receive this year 's Nobel Prize in literature . Joan let out a involuntary gasp . joe on phone well , thank you , thank you very much . arvid engdahl ( on phone ) Mr. castleman , we be so delighted to be give you this prize . you career have a truly remarkable span to it . Joan grow very still as she listen to arvid 's praise . arvid engdahl ( on phone ) ( cont ’d ) not only do you write with extraordinary intimacy , wit and depth , you have also challenge the novelistic form in way that will affect generation of writer to come . joe on phone well , I should be get something for all the grey in my beard . arvid engdahl ( on phone ) ( laugh at the great man 's joke ) ah! indeed , yes ! and thank you for do so on the world 's behalf ! Joan 's eye be close , she hand on she heart as she continue to absorb this news . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 6 . arvid engdahl ( on phone ) ( cont ’d ) Mrs. castleman -- joan yes . arvid engdahl ( on phone ) you should know that you husband will be fend off the press today , so what I advise be that you monitor he call , as it do get quite exhaust . joan ( a slight pause ) yes , I will take good care of he . arvid engdahl Mr. castleman , I be sure you would like to make a few call of you own , so I shall leave you to you celebration . we will contact you later with all the specifics . again , many congratulation to you . joe on phone thank you very much . good bye . arvid engdahl good bye . joan good bye . stay on Joan . she 's overwhelm . we can hear Joe shouting for she . joe ( 0.s. ) Joan ! joanie ! Joan do not move . she still need a moment to herself . joe ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) joanie ! where be you ?! int . castleman bedroom -- early morning Joan be come back into the bedroom and she see Joe stand on the bed . joan what be you do ? joe c'mon , get up here ! let 's jump ! the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 7. joan what for ? joe for joy ! c’mon , join I . joan we will break the bed . joe quit be so middle class . get up here . Joan climb up on the bed with Joe and stand unsteadily on the mattress . Joe start to bounce . Joan let out a little shriek . Joe take she hand . joan I be go to fall . joe no you be not . he bounce a little more . joan Joe , be careful . joe screw careful . come on , jump ! Joan start bounce with he , laugh , giddy . joe ( cont 'd ) ( in a silly sing - song ) I win the Nobel , I win the Nobel ! la-la , la- la la la ! joan Joan stop bounce . joe what . Joan do not say anything , just shake she head . joe ( cont 'd ) joanie . come on . I be just be silly . joe ( cont 'd ) joan I need to take a shower . we have a long day . come down . Joan help Joe down . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 8 . joe joanie , I love you . joan I know , darling . Joan give he a kiss and head for the bathroom . int . castleman home , live room -- several day later , day 5 a celebration party . friend and family be gather in the well - appoint live room artfully furnish with good rug and limited - edition black & white art photo . Joe 's New York publishing team -- he agent , editor and publisher -- arrive . they have all come up from Manhattan in they good suit to lavish Joe with pricey bottle of wine . his agent and editor be young than Joe -- he 's outlive the last bunch . but he longtime publisher , hal bower , 70' , be still vital and a dapper dresser . he give he star writer a bear hug and boom he congratulation . we see a motley collection of Joe 's longtime writer friend bent over a table of cater food , consume large amount of Joe 's food and liquor to make up for the fact that they do not get the Nobel . we see Joan with a icy glass of white wine in she hand , stand with the writer wive who have the discard look of muse of unsuccessful man . dusty berkowitz «+. so you be go to stockholm , , when ? joan December . dusty berkowitz it 's gonna be freezing there . be Joe buy you a fur ? joan no , I think I 'il be like any decent first Lady and get by with a good cloth coat . joe joanie ! c’mere . joan yes , Joe . Joan join Joe who 's with hal , he publisher . joan ( cont 'd ) hello , hal . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 9 . hal hello there Joan ! you be look lovely as always . joan thank you , hal , that 's very sweet of you . joe the New York Times be here . ( to he publisher ) tell she . hal they be give you husband the cover of the Sunday magazine . they be knock out a story about Bill Clinton for he . joan oh my God . joe be this like a avedon shot ? with all the pore show ? hal every brilliant one of they , my friend . joe joanie , be I clean ? Joan check Joe 's beard for crumb . joan you be fine . joe nose hair ? joan all good . Joe be tremble a bit , wire from adrenaline . he clutches Joan 's arm and murmur into she ear . joe tell I this be not all some big fat joke . joan it 's real , darling . breathe . they give each other a quick kiss and Joe turn back to he people . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 10 . joe okay , let 's do this ! Joan watch Joe and hal head to the library . we see they from Joan 's p.o.v. , through the open door as the time photographer direct Joe to stand with he arm cross , in the stance of a literary giant . she turn to go back to the party but she can not face the writer 's wife who have be watch she with they sad , resentful face . int . castleman home , kitchen -- day Joan have escape to the kitchen where caterer be set more food out on trays . she 's pour herself a glass of wine . we see she daughter susannah ( 30 ) , a capable young woman who 's hugely pregnant , set champagne flute on a tray . susannah Mom , when do you want to bring out the champagne ? joan oh , I do not know . the sooner the better . then they will all go home . Joan put she hand on she daughter 's big belly . joan ( cont 'd ) hello my baby 's baby , I be ready for a nap . susannah poor , mommy . Joan 's son david ( 28 ) wander in with a expensive box of cigar tuck under he arm . he 's a torture young man , who have Joe 's handsomeness and intelligence but none of he aplomb . joan hello , Lamb , there you be . david yeah , sorry I be late . I be look for some decent cigar to give to dad . susannah I do not get he anything . be I suppose to ? joan no , honey , he 's be lavish enough . susannah give she little brother a hug . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 11 . susannah hey monkey . david hey sis. ( patting she belly ) hello , Little man. joan David , I want to tell you , you father show I you short story . david yeah ? joan I think it be beautifully write . david what do he say ? joan we have not discuss it yet . david he hate it . joan no , not at all . it 's a wonderful piece of write , David . it 's very astute . about the mother . david where be he ? joan in the library have he picture take . the Times . david ah. David get out he cigarettes . susannah David , you can not smoke next to I . joan honey , be you hungry ? go get something to eat . Joan watch she troubled son wander back out to the live room . David walk by the buffet table , where Joe 's writer friend be still paw over the food . dusty berkowitz corner he . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 12 . dusty berkowitz David , hello . so how’re you migraine ? david who say I have migraine ? dusty berkowitz Parents talk . listen , I know what you be go through . you want someone to talk to , I be here for you . david ( never in a million year ) sure . David escape she clutch and wander over to the library . int . library --day 7 Joe be with hal and the Times photographer , have he photo session . he 's pose next to a wall of book shelf line with he prodigious output of the last several decade . he 's hold he first novel , the walnut , with its 1950 's artfully simple book sleeve ( very catcher in the Rye ) . a clutch of Joe 's graduate student from Yale be also there , watch they beloved professor get photograph . David glance at this young acolyte of he father 's , feel just a tad of resentment . Joe see David watch he and he raise he eye brow a bit , try to look bemuse for he son 's sake . the photographer take a rapid series of shot . Joe turn to David . joe David ! you just get here ? david yeah . ( offer the cigar ) here . congrat , pop. joe what 's this ? david they're maduros . joe my God , this be spectacular . thank you , David . what a lovely gift . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 13 . Joe start walk he back to the live room . David get out the cigarette he 's be die to smoke . joe ( cont 'd ) you still smoking ? david you care ? joe of course I care . I have like to see you outlive I . david so do you read my piece ? joe yes . we 'il talk . david so be it a piece of shit ? joe why do you do that ? david because you be clearly avoid the subject . joe no , clearly I be completely distract at the moment . we 'il talk when it 's appropriate , all right ? Joe see Joan come out of the kitchen with susannah , carry a large tray of glass which be fill with champagne . joe ( cont 'd ) joanie , you okay there ? David , help you mother out . the writer 's wife be already on it . dusty berkowitz Joan , let I do this . the guest be start to gather and susannah 's accommodate husband , MARK , be help she distribute the champagne . joe all right , let 's do this . joanie , come stand by I . where 's susannah ? susannah ! the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 14 . susannah ( vight in front of he ) dad , I be right here . joe get yourself a glass . susannah I be not drink . joe a little champagne will not hurt the baby , go ahead . everyone have organize themselves around Joe , they glass poise , the champagne effervesc . David have stubbed out he cigarette and he stand by Joan , who put she arm around he and give he a little squeeze . susannah stand on the other side of Joan and Joan tuck she hand through she daughter 's arm , want comfort of she kid by she side . Joe , collect he thought , shut he eye and wait for everyone to settle down . once the shushing stop , Joe begin . joe ( cont 'd ) to quote from the meditation of Quixote , " I be I , plus my surroundings . and if I do not preserve the latter , I do not preserve myself . " I want to thank you all for be here . I have be hand a enormous honor that I be compel to celebrate , but thankfully , I be not compel to celebrate alone . tonight , I be the happiest of man . I have my health -- give or take a few bypass -- I have you , my wonderful friend , my ever - curious student , I have my son David , my beautiful daughter susannah , a fine son- in - law and a future grandchild who at this moment be contentedly float around in she mother 's amniotic fluid . ahh 's from the woman . joe ( cont 'd ) and finally , I have my beautiful wife , Joan , the love of my life . Joan , who 's not a public person , try to turn away . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 15 . joe ( cont 'd ) joanie , come back here . I be not do . without she I would be nothing . my most proud achievement , I have to say , be succeed in get this woman to marry I . joan someone please get he to wrap this up . hal to Joseph castleman , who , in my opinion , be the great live author of the twentieth century and now , God dammit , the rest of the world finally know it ! a chorus of '' here here 's ! '' and clinking glass while Joe wave everyone off . Joe slip he arm around Joan and murmur into she ear . joe talk to I . joan blah-blah -blah , darling . ext . castleman home , live room -- later , dusk 8 the party be over and the guest have leave . we see Joe stand at the buffet table pick over the leftover party food . we see David sit outside on the patio , smoking a cigarette . Joan be lie on the couch with a wash cloth on she forehead . susannah and she husband Mark come in with they coat on . susannah we be leave , mommy . Joan reach up and give susannah 's hand a squeeze . joan good bye , my angel . susannah call I if you need anything . Joan give she a tired smile . joan I be do fine . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 16 . susannah go to Joe and give he a hug . susannah I be so happy for you , daddy . joe I love you , honey . he gently touch she pregnant belly . joe ( cont 'd ) take care of this one , sweetheart . Joan be watch this , briefly move by she husband 's tenderness . then she move the wash cloth over she eye and settles in for a nap . dissolve to : int . classroom , smith college -- day , fall 1956 9 we see young joan , 19 , a fresh - face coed in a tartan skirt and match blue sweater sit at a desk with the other smithie , all waspy , well - heele girl like herself . while they wait for the professor to arrive , smithie girl lorraine , who fancy herself a sophisticate , be hold court with the other girl . smithie girl lorraine ... when we be in France this summer I go off with this boy on he motocycle . he be a diplomat 's son but mum and daddy be still horrify . gawd , when will it end ! the door fling open and young Professor castleman enter , look handsome and dishevel . young joe sorry I be late . he drop a pile of book on he desk . even in he distract state , he have a sexual energy that make all the young woman sit up . young joe ( cont ’d ) I do have a good excuse , however . my wife have a baby last night . the girl react with " awww " 's . except for lorraine and Joan , who be both study the professor , size he up . smithie girl lorraine be it a boy or a girl , Professor ? young joe a girl . fanny . after fanny price . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 17 . smithie girl lorraine after the jewish vaudeville entertainer ? Joan can not help herself , she quietly correct the girl . young joan that 's fanny brice . fanny price be the character from " mansfield Park " . young joe that 's right . extra credit to the girl in blue . the other girl look at Joan , resentful that she already score a point with the professor . Joan avert she eye -- she do not mean to draw attention to herself . young joe ( cont ’d ) it 's completely pretentious , give my daughter a literary name . but I want she to know how important book be . and when you girl start have baby I expect all of you to name you little girl fanny , too . there be laughter in the classroom . Joan be offended by this remark and emboldene by the victory of she last remark , speak up . young joan I do not intend to have baby until I be publish . and maybe not even then . young joe very admirable . and if any of you want to write a nice little romance or a book of love poem , there be plenty of publisher out there who will gobble you up . you be free to do that on you own time but if you bring any of that pap into my class , I will flunk you outright . Joe pull a walnut out of he jacket pocket . he crack it and quietly pick out the meat . all eye be on he . young joe ( cont ’d ) a true writer do not write to get publish . he write because he have something urgent and personal that he need to say . he must write as he must breathe and he keep on do it despite the loneliness and the poverty and the ( more ) 10 11 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 18 . young joe ( cont ’d ) pile of rejection slip and the parent or the wife who cry out , '' you fool , why do not you get a real job ! '' a writer write because if he do not , he soul will starve . the professor sit back and pop the meat of the walnut into he mouth , allow he word to sink in . then gaze out of the window and recite : young joe ( cont ’d ) '' , .. his soul swoon slowly as he hear the snow fall faintly through the universe and faintly fall , like the descent of they last end , upon all the live and the dead . '' young joe ( cont ’d ) James Joyce . no more need to be say . the other girl laugh nervously , but Young Joan stare at Joe with a fierce look that catch he eye . int . smith college , hallway -- winter , 1956 10 Young Joan be anxiously sit on a bench outside the professor 's office . she can hear he talk to another student -- quick , dueling murmur , then a shriek of female laughter . the door open and smithie girl lorraine come out , still laugh and aglow from she meeting with the professor . she glance at Joan , give she a smug little smile . Joan watch she rival walk down the hall , certain that this girl now own the professor heart and soul . young joe hello , miss archer . Young Joan startles , look up at Professor castleman who 's stand at he office door , watch she intently . young joe ( cont ’d ) please come in . int . professor castleman' office -- continuous , day 1956 11 Young Joan be now sit across from Young Joe at he desk , which be litter with walnut shell . Joe have open up a folder of neatly type page . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 19 . young joe so . you story . I have read this twice , and frankly , both time I have find it to be quite good . Joan blushes , be overwhelm with gratitude . young joan thank you , Professor . young joe however , know that you still have a long way to go with this piece . young joan yes , yes of course . I be more than willing to make fix . young joe I be not ask you to " fix " anything . I be ask you to go deeper . you write with a lot of intelligence but you be detach . young joan oh . but the character be suppose to be detach . especially the mother . young joe but she be not always that way , be she ? she be somebody 's child once , somebody 's lover . she have craving , and fear and secret desire . I be sure she even pass gas . young joan yes , she do . but she blame it on the negro may . young joe ( laugh ) very good . I see I be go to have to watch out for you . Young Joan force a laugh , want to sound like smithie girl lorraine . young joan oh , I can be quite a handful , Professor . Joe look at she , kindly . young joe do I a favor , miss archer , do not try to put it on like the other . ( more ) 12 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 20 . young joe ( cont 'd ) you be charming enough just the way you be . young joan ( blush wildly ) yes ... all right . young joe good girl . Joe crack a walnut and offer she some from the palm of he hand . Joan hesitates then take some , but still do she best to pick up the nut without touch he skin . Joe smile , find this extremely endear . he lean into Joan , he voice confidential . young joe ( cont ’d ) miss archer , I want to ask you something . I be wonder , whether by any chance you would be free Saturday night . Joan be breathless . be he ask she out ? young joan yes . yes I be . young joe good . would you be interested in baby-sitting ? my wife and I have not get out since fanny be bear . young joan ( a beat ) sure. ( flatly ) I love baby . ext . professor castleman' house -- night 12 Joan be stand in the freezing cold on the porch of a modest salt box house on faculty row . she can hear Joe and he wife Carol yell at each other from different part of the house . carol ( 0.s. ) Joe , dammit , I ask you to heat she bottle ! joe ( 0.s. ) I do ! carol ( 0.s. ) when ?! it 's ice cold ! 13 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 21 . joe ( 0.s. ) I do not know when I do it , I do it when you tell I to do it ! Joan ring the bell which give a half - heart blat . Joe open the door , look distract , he shirt half buttone and he face still raw from shave . we hear the baby cry . it 's a messy house -- Carol be not a great housekeeper . young joe come in , come in . I be warning you , it 's chaos in here . int . professor castleman' house -- continuous , night 13 as Joan step inside carol castleman call from upstairs . carol ( 0.s. ) be that the girl ? young joe yes . her name be Joan . Carol appear at the top of the stair . she 's small and frazzle , a young woman who already look middle - age . carol ( to Joan ) hello . the baby 's up here . Joan look at Joe . young joe go on up . Carol , could you get I my tie ? carol it 's on the bed . young joe yes , I know that , can you get it for I please ? Carol make a impatient sound . as Joan start up the narrow stair , we see Carol appear again with the tie and toss it down to Joe . it fall short and Joan pick it up and hold it out to Joe . to she surprise , he grab she hand and murmur into she ear . young joe ( cont ’d ) this be my life . God help I . 14 15 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 22 . int . professor castleman' house , upstair bedroom -- latera night Joan be now pace the castleman 's bedroom with the baby , who 's sling over she shoulder in a pool of drool . while she 's wait for the kid to doze off she decide to take a little tour of the castleman 's thing . she open the closet and peer at Joe 's shirt and jacket . she touch he clothes , briefly , careful not to disturb they . she close the closet and wander over to the bedside table . she put the baby down on the bed and pick up a book -- James Joyce 's Ulysses . she open it up and see Joe 's name write inside the fly leaf . it 's a bold , sexy , important - look signature . she run she finger over it , she heart racing . she carefully replace the book next to some walnut shell littering the top of the table . she see a small , piece of walnut meat that the Professor must have miss . she pick it up and put it in she mouth . she look down at the baby who 's stare up at she in that dumb , unfocus baby way . joan hello , you . I be fall in love with you daddy . feeling reckless , she open the drawer of the bedside table and look in . there 's a plastic diaphragm case and a tube of spermicide . Joan stare at it , horrify and fascinate . next to the diaphragm be a whole walnut with something pen on it in Joe 's distinctive script . Joan pick it up : to Carol , I love you true , J. Joan touch the glossy lip of the nut ... she 's surprised by how sensuous a walnut can be . so this be why Joe like to eat they . int . professor castleman' office -- a week later , day 15 Young Joan be seat across from Professor castleman who 's slowly roll a walnut around in one hand while he leaf through Joan 's latest literary effort . Joan be in agony , praying that she have not go too far . young joe so . " the faculty wife . " you have shed quite a interesting light on Mrs. castleman . young joan no , no , it 's not about you wife at all , it be just a character study . 16 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 23 . Joe lean over and kiss Joan full on the lip . he finally release she and Joan sit back in she chair , flushed and tremble . young joe miss archer , I have already tell you that you work be good . but I be not sure that I get it through to you . do you believe I now ? young joan yes . I think you have make it perfectly clear . they continue to kiss . in they passion , they knock Joan 's manuscript off the desk and the page flutter to the floor . int . concord jet -- somewhere between night and day , 1992 16 we be mid-flight on the way to stockholm . we see Joan and Joe ensconce in they fancy concord seat . in the seat behind they we see Joe 's entourage -- he publisher , agent and editor . and David , who 's curl up in a blanket , plugge into a walkman . Joan be do the New York Times crossword puzzle -- with a pen , of course . Joe , in a nest of airline blanket and pillow and newspaper , he free sleep mask dangle around he neck , be busy write down idea for he next novel on a yellow pad . his tray table be litter with the remain of all the in - flight offering of drink and nut cup and jumbo shrimp . a comely flight attendant , monica come over to Joe and in a hushed tone , lean over Joan and offer he a basket of freshly - baked cookie . flight attendant monica would you like a freshly baked cookie Mr. castleman ? Joe look up at the lovely monica who 's hover over he . joe yes . why not . as the attendant lean over Joe and deliver he cookie with a pair of tong , Joe watch with quiet pleasure as she breast slide forward inside the silky blouse of she uniform . joe ( cont 'd ) thank you . Joan be observe this little scene with well - practice detachment . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 24 . flight attendant monica ( to Joan ) Mrs. castleman , would you like a cookie ? Joan would dearly love to strangle the bitch . but she reply be faultlessly polite . joan thank you , no . the lovely monica move on . Joe be aware of Joan 's annoyance . joe you want a bite of my cookie ? joan no . joe you want one of my pillow ? joan no thank you . Joe hold he yellow pad up to she with he list of note . joe you want to take a look at this ? joan I would like to do my crossword . Joan go back to she crossword . Joe squeeze she knee and go back to he note . they be interrupt again by flight attendant monica . flight attendant monica Excuse I , Mr. castleman , there 's a gentleman in back who say he know you and would like to say hello . nathanial bone ? joe oh Christ . joan ( to the flight attendant ) tell he that Mr. castleman be asleep . Joe start fumble with he sleep mask . nathanial bone come up from the rear if the plane . he 's a tall , boyish man in he late 30' with a mop of hair and the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 25 . stylish horn -rimm glass . he affect a self - deprecate manner that Joe find unbearable . Joe move he 's do bone sorry to interrupt but I just want to say congratulation . joe hello , nathanial . so I take it you be not fly to stockholm just for the pickle herring . bone no , I would not miss you award for anything . this be just a astounding achievement , Joe . joe it 's not about the prize , it 's about get up the gumption to write the next book . bone absolutely . that 's why you be who you be . and Joan , congratulation to you as well . I do not think anyone give enough credit to the spouse . joe I give my wife credit , I give she plenty of credit . bone I mean the rest of the world . the critic and the reader and especially we pesky biographer . joe listen , my friend , I know I be suppose to be impressed that you have somehow wheedle you way onto this plane but I be still not let you write my biography . bone yes , you have always make that very clear . joe good . he sleep mask over he eye , make it clear that with bone . joan thank you for say hello , nathanial . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 26 . bone well , again , congratulation . to both of you . I truly mean it . as bone turn to go back to he row , he pause at David 's seat . bone ( cont 'd ) hey David , how 's the write go ? David , rouse from he head set , look up at bone with a vague stare . bone ( cont 'd ) nathanial bone . joe move on , nathanial . bone leave . joe ( cont 'd ) schmuck . joan you be rude . joe I have to be blunt or he will not give up . joan you do not want to make enemy with someone like that . there 's nothing more dangerous than a writer with hurt feeling . joe he 's the one who intrude on my space . fuck he if he can not take a perfectly justified rejection . joan I be just make a observation . joe noted . Joe settles back for a nap . joan do not forget to stretch you leg like Dr. krentz say . joe mmm . 17 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 27 . int . grand HOTEL -- day 17 the castleman and Joe 's entourage -- he editor , publisher and agent -- be arrive in the lobby of the Grand Hotel , a 19th century edifice of luxury and importance . the door men be bow they head to Joe , bell men be scurrying to fetch the castleman 's luggage . HOTEL staff smile at he , eye shine with awe . Joe a little rumple and travel - wear from the plane flight stare at the phalanx of swedish PRESS and the member of the nobel prize committee who be wait for he up ahead . Joan squeeze he arm . joan be you ok ? joe yeah , thanks joanie , I be fine . Joe walk into the embrace of the ador swede , and reinvigorated by the attention , start pump hand with member of the prize committee . Joan stand back with David and shift Joe 's heavy woolen coat to she other arm . she adjust she expression to one of self - assure repose as they wait for the initial flush of castlemania to die down . joan do you want to know a secret , honey ? david what . joan I be die for a cigarette . David laugh , which please Joan . we see nathanial walk by lug he suitcase and a plastic bag with he rent tux . he spot Joan and David . bone Joan , Mrs. castleman -- I be sorry if I intrude on you and Joe . I do not mean to make myself a pest . joan well , I apologize for my husband 's rudeness . bone please , no need . I be sure he 's be swamp by glad-hander . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 28 . the crowd around Joe be grow larger . bone ( cont 'd ) would you like I to say something amusing while you be wait so you look like you be have a wonderful time ? joan thank you , nathanial , but I be quite comfortable stand here in my own thought . Joe , see bone with Joan and David , call they over . joe joanie -- joan take care , nathanial . Joan be sweep into Joe 's magic circle . the head of the Nobel committee , arvid engdahl , a effusive , pink - cheek man shake Joan 's hand . arvid engdahl Mrs. castleman ! hello ! I be arvid engdahl ! I be the one who call you about the prize , waking you up at such a ungodly hour ! joan not ungodly at all , you add ten year to my husband 's life . laughter from the swede , delighted that they laureate 's wife be such a warm and witty lady . arvid turn to the press people . arvid engdahl ( in swedish ) { this be Mr. castleman 's wife . ] the photographer politely nod to she and take a few picture for they B roll . arvid engdahl ( cont ’d ) Mr. castleman let I introduce you to walter bark who will be accompany you on you engagement . the highly efficient walter shake Joe 's hand . walter Mr. castleman , it 's a honor . we will provide you with anything you need . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 29 . joe thank you . but do not worry , I be very low maintenance . joan only when he 's asleep . warm laughter all around -- oh this castleman be a fun pair ! arvid engdahl Mrs. castleman , this be Mrs. lindel6 for who look after we laureate wife . mrs . lindelof , a effusive matronly woman , greet Joan . mrs . lindelof Mrs. castleman , they 'il be keep you husband very busy so I can arrange for shopping and beauty treatment ! this could not interest Joan less . joan thank you , we will see . Joe be watch linnea , 30' , a stun young woman who 's be take he photo . as she pause to adjust she aperture , she study he with she with she fiercely intelligent eye . Joe , already intrigue , nod to she and she smile back -- a exchange not lose on Joan . arvid engdahl Mr. castleman may I introduce to you linnea engwall who will be you personal photographer linnea this be my honor , Mr. castleman . I be so very admire of you work . joe thank you , you be very kind . linnea I ‘'1l be trail you with my camera but please pretend that I be not there . Joan have to smile at this and Joe catch she look . joe this be my wife , Mrs. castleman . linnea very nice to meet you . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 30 . joan ( faultlessly polite ) you as well . joe where 's David ? he turn to David who 's linger on the edge of the crowd , smoking a cigarette . joe ( cont 'd ) David ! come over here . ( to arvid ) this be we son , David . David amble over and shift he cigarette so he can shake arvid 's hand . Joe give David a look to lose the goddamn cigarette . arvid engdahl hello , David ! we be so very glad you could come ! we be always pleased to have the child of we laureate . in fact , we have find you to be just as engage as you father ! david all right ... okay . joe believe I , my son be very engage when he 's not in the throes of jet lag . kind laughter . walter shall we take you to you room then ? joe yes , that have be terrific . onward . 18 int . castleman suite , grand HOTEL -- day 18 Joe and Joan be now walk through the room of they luxuriously appoint suite . David be with they , check out the grandeur that 's be lavish on he father . Joe , he adrenaline still high , be keep up a run commentary . joe ... Jesus , look at this place , you could house a family of ten in here . David , what do you need you ( more ) the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 31 . joe ( cont 'd ) own room for ? you should stay here with we . david I do not think so . Joe stop at a table laden with flower , basket of fruit and other welcoming gift . he open a card that 's attach to a bottle of champagne . joe I bet this be from my lawyer . he always send the same cheap brand . joanie you have my read glass ? Joan retrieve Joe 's glass from she purse . two uniform bellmen appear , have just deliver the luggage . Joan hand they they tip and they leave . joe ( cont 'd ) ( the champagne ) yep , I be right . ( to David ) you want this for you room ? david no , pop . Joe sample from a box of chocolate . joe this be excellent . you want one ? david no . joe ( read the note ) " enjoy , enjoy . from sylvia fry . " who the hell be sylvia fry ? david one of you character . Jesus , dad . joan leave he alone , David , he 's tired . joe my memory 's turn to shit , it will happen to you someday , my Boy . sooner , perhaps , with you smoking . david sure , pop. the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 32. joan ( the chocolate ) do not eat all that , Joe . you will get heartburn . Joe deliberately stuff another chocolate into he mouth . he peer into a room that 's a small library where a fire be already set . joe good Christ , there 's a library -- come look . Jesus , they have even stock the shelf with my book . look at this -- they even have '' the Walnut '' in fuck Arabic . joanie , do you know about this edition ? joan yes , it pay for the sub zero . David pick up a china vase and a bit aggressively bounce it in he hand . joe David , be careful with that . David pretend to drop the vase then catch it . joe ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? what 's the matter with you ? David put the vase back on the mantel . david I be go back to my room . joan all right , honey . get some rest . joe ( call after he ) take some fruit with you . David leave . we hear the door close . joe ( cont 'd ) he 's in a mood . let 's hope he get laid while he 's here . joan do not be crude , Joe . Joan brushes past he . Joe can feel a slight frost . he follow she to the master bedroom , a grand room dominate by a enormous bed cover with a snowy eiderdow . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 33 . joe look at this bed . it 's like a giant snow drift . I love this country . they have turn hibernation into a art from . Joan , do not react to he quip . she move to the bathroom with the toiletry . Joe , follow she in and start examine the complimentary toiletry set out on the marble counter while Joan unpack they thing . joe ( cont 'd ) be something bugging you ? joan no . joe I be not attract to that girl , by the way . joan I really do not care . here , brush you tooth . you breath be bad . joe you think anyone notice ? joan no , darling , they be all too busy be awed . joe all this attention be give I agita . listen to my heart , I think it 's skip . Joan listen to he chest . joan you be fine . here , take you pill . Joe suddenly yawn . he 's wear himself out . he stare at himself in the mirror . joe I be get too old for this . joan we both be , darling . joe so what be we do now ? be we go out ? joan no Joe , we be go to sleep . 19 19 a 20 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 34 . joe joanie . joan what Joe . joe we need to enjoy this . Joan pat Joe 's cheek and we follow she back to the bedroom . she sit on the bed and start undoing she watch . she reach over and put she watch on the bedside table . close on the watch , a expensive gold thing . there 's a inscription engrave on the back : to J. in awe , J. int . joan' college dorm hallway -- day , spring 1957 19 close on a walnut which have the same inscription in pen : to g. , in awe , J. we see a hand swipe the walnut out of frame . we see Carol castleman hold the walnut and shaking it at Young Joan , who 's stand in she dorm room , cry . carol " in awe " ? he write to you " in awe ? " young joan I be so sorry , Mrs. castleman . I be so sorry , I be not a bad person . other college girl be stand in the hallway and peer out of they room watch this drama unfold . carol yes you be ! I let you into my house ! I trust you with my baby ! and this be what you do , you little bitch ?! you little smithie bitch ! Carol madly stamp on the walnut , smash it to bit . ext . greenwich village -- day , spring 1957 19a Joan be follow Joe who 's carry they luggage down a shabby Village street . int . waverly arm -- day , spring 1957 20 Joan be follow Joe who 's schlepping they luggage up the stair of a derelict rooming house in the Village . we hear 21 22 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 35 . the sound of the other tenant through the thin wall -- someone practice they saxophone , badly ... a couple argue . they have to step around a shaggy young man who 's pass out on the stair with a break guitar in he lap . int . waverly arm , joe & joan' room -- day , spring 1957 21 we be now in a grimy little room with a airshaft view . Young Joan be sit on the lumpy bed , cry she eye out while Young Joe calmly inspect the hot plate . young joan I can not stay here ! it 's filthy ! this be a room for a alcoholic ! young joe look , if you do not want to be here , then go back to Smith . I be sure they will take you back with open arm . you be victimize , after all -- the lovely young debutante rape by the oversex jewish professor . young joan I be not a debutante ! screw you , Joe ! I know exactly what I be do ! young joe I be not you ador mentor anymore , my girl . I be now officially a struggle writer who have yet to write he first legitimate novel . we could be live like this for a very long time . if you can not take it , I understand . it would break my heart , but if you can not take this life , then I release you . go , I release you , go . int . waverly arm , stairway -- night 22 we see Joan carry she suitcase down the stair to the street . she stop at the bottom of the stairway where there 's a grimy mirror . she stop and take a look at herself : she 's wear one of she nice travel outfit and a pair of white ladylike glove and she have to admit that she do indeed look like a nice ex-debutante . this infuriate she . she peel off she glove and fling they to the floor then march back up the stair , drag she suitcase . 23 23a the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 36 . int . waverly arm , joe & joan' room -- night , spring 23 Joan have return . she 's now stand at the open door of they tiny room , gaze at Joe , who 's hunch over the table he 's make into he desk . he have a note pad beside he with a few scribbles on it and he 's stare at the empty page in he typewriter , he heart too break to write . Joe turn and look at she with he beautiful , haunt eye . young joe you be back . young joan I love you , Joe . I believe in you . I believe in you with all my heart . Joe look like he 's go to weep . Joan go to he and he pull she onto he lap and bury he face in she neck . young joe oh joanie , my girl . I love you , do not ever leave I again ... they kiss madly and pull each other to the bed . int . castleman suite , grand HOTEL -- next morning 23a we see Joe and Joan bury under the giant eiderdow fast asleep . we hear the gentle rustle of the drape be pull open . a cool light pour over they . more rustling , soft footstep , whisper ... and suddenly we hear a chorus of girl break into song . Joe and Joan lurch out of they deep traveler 's sleep and stare groggily up at a circle of angelic- look swedish girl in white robe who be stand around they bed hold candle and sing some indecipherable swedish song of celebration . Joan and Joe , disorient , sit up and groggily stare at the crowd in they room . walter be stand by . walter good morning Mr. castleman . today be St. Lucia day and this be St. Lucia who have come to pay she respect to a great writer . joe St. Lucia ... walter ( worried ) I believe I tell you yesterday to expect this ...? 23b the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 37 . joe yes , you probably do . a girl playing saint lucia approach the bed , wear a crown of light candle and shakily carry a breakfast tray set with a coffee service and elegant pastry . joe ( cont 'd ) this look wonderful . thank you . linnea be there . she crouch down by the bed and start take picture . Joan , feel puffy and unattractive , would rather she not . joan ( slip out if bed ) Excuse I ... joe where be you go ? joan I would like to freshen up . Joan go into the bathroom and shut the door . walter I be so sorry , Mr. castleman , be this a inconvenience ? joe no , no , I be grateful that you wake I up . I be in the middle of a nightmare . JI be back in Brooklyn , still live with my mother . he get a laugh . Joe take a big bite of a pastry . crumb tumble onto the sheet . joe ( cont 'd ) delicious ! this be fantastic . int . bathroom -- continuous 23b Joan have shut the door and be hunch on the toilet , have one of that endless morning pee . she can hear the girl serenade Joe through the door . she start to shiver uncontrollably . to calm herself , she start quietly sing she own little song . joan I be Mrs. Joseph castleman , oh lucky , lucky I , his brilliance shine through my soul , even when I pee . 24 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 38 . int . nobel foundation , reception hall -- day 24 we be at a formal reception that 's set up with a vast buffet of food and server circulate with trays of champagne . Joe , with a plate of food in he hand , be regaling a group of notable swede with one of he standard anecdote . joe ... my father be a shoe salesman . he die of a heart attack when I be seven while he be fitting some pimply kid with a pair of saddle shoe . walter be rapidly translate this for the non-english speaker while linnea take picture of Joe . Joan be stand next to David with a glass of champagne , grateful to have she son for company . joe ( cont 'd ) so when I come home from school that day , my mother grab I , press I to she substantial bosom and say , " Joe , I have something terrible to tell you . " before she can get it out , my tiny Russian grandmother , who 's build like a footstool , scream at she , " not before dinner , you will ruin he appetite ! " the English speaker laugh . while walter translate for the rest of the swede Joe bite into a piece of bread that 's pile with herring . he glance at Joan and she discreetly signal for he to brush off a crumb from he beard . he do so and Joan give he a little nod that it 's go . david have you ever think of let he leave in the crumb ? joan married people do not do that , darling . we job be to protect each other from humiliation . arvid come over . arvid engdahl Excuse I , I hate to interrupt this wonderful exchange , but I have like to introduce the castleman to another one of we laureate family . joe of course . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 39 . arvid engdahl ( to Joe ) James finch be get we prize in physics . a very brilliant man and nice as can be . joe terrific , can not wait to meet he . arvid usher Joe , Joan and David over to jame finch who 's stand with he wife constance and the four finch child ( age 15 to 25 ) . arvid engdahl James finch , may I introduce you to the novelist Joseph castleman . James , a englishman and a alpha male like Joe shake hand with he . jame finch pleasure to meet you . I wish I could say that I have read all you book . joe please , I wish I could say that I understand you formulas . laughter . finch 's wife constance , a jolly , toothy lady shake hand with Joe . constance finch I have read you book , and I promise you , they be a much better read than James 's scribbling . jame finch my wife constance be a scientist as well , and as you can see , she 's quite critical of my work . joe well , my wife do not write , thank God , otherwise I would have permanent writer 's block . more laughter . Joan extend she hand and introduce herself . joan hello , I be Joan . joe Joan be the light of my life . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 40 . jame finch let I introduce you to my child -- this be Peter , Sam , ellen , Chester ... the finch kid , a cheerful , outgo lot , say hello to the castleman and shake they hand . David be itching for a cigarette . arvid engdahl if I may brag for James for a moment -- he child be all quite remarkable . ellen be do work on the metabolism of neural cell , be that right ? jame finch yes , I be count on she to find the cure to Alzheimer 's just in time for my own dementia . lot of good - nature chuckle . ellen finch , a socially awkward 19 - year- old roll she eye to David , try to bond with he . arvid engdahl tell they please about you child 's other wonderfl study ! jame finch Sam here be work in conductive polymer . Peter be interested in prime factor . and Chester be try to disprove the string theory -- he 's a bit out of he league but we indulge he . James ruffle he brilliant son 's hair . joan well be not you a bunch of bright penny . joe David be a writer . he 's develop quite a voice . walter come over . walter Excuse I , Mr. castleman , we must start proceeding to you lecture . joe terrific to meet you , James . we will catch you later . 25 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 41 . jame finch wonderful to meet you Joseph . ( to Joan ) a pleasure , Jean . joan Joan . jame finch oh . my apology . joan ( lightly ) no matter . as walter start to usher the castleman towards the door , David pass linnea , who 's reloading she camera . linnea hello , David . david hey . she and David exchange a look -- they clearly share some aquavit last night . this be not lose on either Joan or Joe . Joe gesture to Joan to go through the door ahead of he . joe go ahead , joanie . Joan go through the door , bundle she coat to she throat against the searing cold outside . as Joe follow , he make eye contact with linnea to re-establish he sexual dominion . int . limo -- day 25 Joe , Joan and David be on they way to the next engagement . joe well do not finch produce himself a brilliant bunch of nestling . no doubt he donate he sperm as a service to humanity . he expect to get a laugh from he family but David be stare moodily out the window and Joan be pour herself a coke from the mini-bar to sober up from the lunch . joe ( cont 'd ) ( reach for Joan 's coke ) can I have a little of that ? ( he pause to drink ) listen , boyo , do I a favor -- next time I introduce you , try to make a little more eye contact . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 42 . david and next time , do not refer to I as you son , the half - baked writer . joe what be you talk about ? david " he 's develop he voice ? " what be that suppose to mean ? joe I do not believe in brag , David . it 's vulgar . and the fact be , you be develop you voice . it take time just as it take time for I to develop mine . david no it do not . you have a hit novel right out of the gate . joe I grow up hard , my friend . live a little and let 's see what you come up with . David get out he cigarettes . joe ( cont 'd ) you be not smoking in here . david I ‘'1l open my window . joe forget it , it 's zero fuck degree out there . you should not be smoking anyway . david and you should not be stuff you face with animal suet . joe what the hell be you problem ? joan both of you stop . joe be you offended that I have not discuss you story yet ? be that what 's bugging you ? david I do not need to discuss something that you have be avoid like some ( more ) the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 43. david ( cont 'd ) steaming pile of shit that I deposit on you desk . joe I do read it as a matter of fact . and my opinion be that it 's a good solid start . but that 's not what you want to hear . you want to hear that it 's a breathtaking work of genius . david ( over he ) that 's not what I want to hear , Jesus fuck Christ , dad . joan stop . both of you . Joe and David both settle into a sullen silence . joan ( cont 'd ) David , would you like to be on you own for the rest of the day ? joe he 's go to miss my lecture . joan David , would you like that ? david yeah , I would . joe what be you go to do with yourself ? david it 's stockholm . it 's a major european city . joe Fine . where do you want to be drop ? david I can get out here . joe ( look out the window ) what 's here ? david a street . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) joe ( to the driver ) gustav , could you pull over when you have a chance ? joan ( to David ) let I give you some krona . do you know how to get back to the hotel ? david yes . 44 . the limo have pull over . David open the door and scoot out . joe listen , check in with we when you get back . david yeah . David slam the door . the limo start up again . joe I be not go to let he ruin this trip for we . joan it 's not easy be you son , Joe . joe oh please , it 's not easy be anyone 's son . joan you could act a little prouder of he . joe he need to work a little harder . it would not be do the kid any favor to tell he that he 's brilliant . joan I think he have talent . joe then you should tell he . joan it do not mean anything come from I . he need to hear it from you . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 45 . joe he should not need my approval to write . joan everyone need approval , Joe . joe true . Joe stare out the window . Joan kick she high heel off . joan this shoe be kill I . joe gimme . Joan lean back and Joe take she foot in he lap and start massage they . joan Joe . joe mmm . joan whatever you do , please do not thank I in you speech . joe why not ? you should be thank . joan I do not want to be see as the long - suffer wife . you can understand that , can not you ? joe I have to , joanie . everyone thanks they wife . if I do not , I will look like a narcissistic bastard . joan but you be , darling . joe come on , one sentence , just one sweet little remark . I will say it very fast . joan please Joe . joe it will be painless 26 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) Joe start to run he hand up Joan 's leg . joan Joe , not here , stop ... joe why not . let 's give this swede a thrill . joan I say stop . joe joanie . joan what . 46 . Joe touch the back of Joan 's neck , tenderly this time . joe be you okay ...? joan I be fine , Joe . Joan extract she foot from Joe and sit back up . joe if you do not want I to thank you , then I will not . joan do what you need to do . Joan settles back , and gaze out the window . int . smith college , library -- night , MARCH , 1957 26 Young Joan be sit at the back of a small audience of student and english department faculty while Joe stand behind she , discreetly run a seductive finger long the back of she neck . a guest lecturer , elaine mozell , be stand at a podium , a cigarette in one hand and she novel in another . she 's one of that tough , whiskey - voice dame who 's burst with irony and bitter bon mot . elaine mozell this be from my novel , " sleep dog . " I know most of you have not read it because it 's only sell a thousand copy , most of which be buy by my relative who be pay handsomely by I . 27 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 47 . there 's scattered laughter . elaine mozell ( cont 'd ) so. here we go . chapter one . " the play field . " which be hardly level , by the way . int . smith college , library -- later , night 27 the read be over and Elaine mozell be hold court with the faculty . she 's drink a scotch and have the handsome Professor castleman tuck by she side , she choose flirtation for the evening . Joe see Joan hover nearby and pull she into the magic circle . young joe Elaine , I want you to meet miss archer who be the promise young writer I tell you about . Joan bravely offer she hand to Elaine . young joan I love you read . you prose be absolutely brilliant . it 's clean and vivid and bold . elaine mozell but you know what ? the public can not stomach bold prose from a woman . they loss . you be talented , I hear . young joan ( blush ) oh . thank you . I love to write . it 's my life . elaine mozell do not do it . young joan Excuse I ? elaine mozell c'mere . Elaine pull Joan over to the stack . elaine mozell ( cont 'd ) you know where you book will end up ? she point she drink up at a small row of book on a top shelf . 28 29 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 48 . elaine mozell ( cont 'd ) right there . on the alumnus shelf . pick one , any one . go ahead . Joan slide a book out . elaine mozell ( cont 'd ) open it up . Joan open the book and the spine give off a stiff crack . elaine mozell ( cont 'd ) you hear that ? that 's the sound of a book that 's never be open . do not ever think you can get they attention . young joan whose ? elaine mozell the man who write the review , who run the publishing house , who edit the magazine , the one who decide who get to be take seriously , who get to be put up on the pedestal for the rest of they life . who get to be King shit . young joan but a writer have to write . elaine mozell a writer have to be read , honey . Elaine set she empty drink on the book shelf and walk off , leave Young Joan crush . she reach up and touch the spine of all that tragically unopen book . int . waverly arm , joe & joan' room -- summer morning , 192b Young Joe be bang away at he typewriter . Joan , dress for she secretarial job , be finish hang some laundry . she grab she purse and coat and give Joe a passionate kiss goodbye . int . bower & leed publishing -- day , summer 1958 29 Young Joan be carry in a tray of coffee into the office conference room . she pass by another secretary , a older woman who 's carry out the remain of the man 's lunch . neither of they look at each other as they be only there to serve the man in the room . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 49 . we see the publisher hal bower who 's now in he 40 's ( we see he in he 70 's at the top of the film ) have a meeting with he editor , white and lovejoy who be all pitching he manuscript . lovejoy ... I have a writer who I think be the next Henry Miller . he 's a hopeless drunk and will probably self - destruct in a few year , so I suggest we grab he now . hal all right , I will give it a read . lovejoy hold he coffee cup up to Joan . lovejoy honey , top I off , will you ? white I have a novel here by a lady writer . it 's about a american family that span three generation . it 's great write , kind of brilliant in part . but I think it be a little soft . hal Soft ? white it 's from the point of view of this woman . I do not know , just do not grab I . lovejoy be she good-look ? white so-so . hal how about jewish writer . anyone have any smart young jewish writer ? all the big house have one . where the hell be ours ? close on Joan take this in . she screw up she courage , and address this room of man with as much authority that she can muster . young joan Mr. bower ? hal hmm ? 30 31 32 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 50 . young joan I think I may have what you be look for . int . waverly arm , joe & joan' room -- early evening , winter 1957 Joan fling the door open to they sad little room , breathless . Joe be cooking soup for they dinner on a hot plate . he look at Joan , afraid to ask . young joe so what do he say ? young joan oh Joe , he love it . young joe they want to publish it ? young joan yes . young joe c’mere . c’mere you . Joe take Joan 's face in he hand and kiss she . then they both start scream for joy . Joe pull Joan up on the bed and they start jump up and down -- the origin of this ritual . young joe ( cont ’d ) ( in a sing song ) we be get pu-blish , we be get pu-blish ! int . castleman suite , grand HOTEL -- later , night 31 Joan , lie deep in the fold of the eiderdow , wake up with a gasp from some unpleasant dream . she turn over to Joe 's side of the bed and see that he 's not there . she look at the clock on the bedside table . it 's 1:15 am . int . grand HOTEL , dine room -- night 32 Joe be sit alone at a table light by a candelabra in the middle of the darken dining room have a late- night snack of dense swedish bread and fat-laden spread . he look up and see linnea across the dining room take he picture . she lower the camera and come towards he , look like a Nordic sylph in this light . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 51 . linnea what a beautiful shot . the candle ... it 's marvelous , like a carravagio . joe would you like to join I ? linnea no , I must go home to bed . joe be it still snow out there ? linnea yes . joe then i’1l send you out with this : '' his soul swoon slowly as he hear the snow fall faintly through the universe and faintly fall , like the descent of they last end , upon all the live and the dead . " linnea how beautiful . do you write that ? Joe give she a pain smile and shake he head no . linnea see Joan stand in the doorway wear she coat over she nightgown . she 's come down from the room , look for he and have be listen to this exchange . linnea ( cont ’d ) ( get up ) it be time for bed . God natt sov gott . [ good night , sleep well ] joan yes , good night . linnea leave . Joe start butter a piece of bread . joe I know you be go to tell I I be go to kill myself , eat all this fat . joan yes , you will . Joan sit down at the table and stare at she husband the candlelight . through 33 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 52. joe what be we blow this whole thing off ? what if we go hole up in some cabin on a fiord . we can drink ourselves silly and howl at the northern light . joan if only . fade out . int . castleman suite , grand HOTEL -- next day 33 Joan , up and dress for the day , be sit in a arm chair , stare at Joe who 's fast asleep under the eiderdow . her face be unreadable . there 's a knock on the door . she get up and go down the hall and let in the room service server who 's push a cart elegantly set with breakfast . joan Mr. castleman will have that in the library , thank you . we follow Joan back to the bedroom where she give Joe a little shake . joan ( cont 'd ) Joe ... joe mmm ? joan you need to get up . they be pick you up in forty minute . joe Jesus ... all right , I be get up . joan you lunch be here . here be you extra read glass . and here be you pill . joe you be not come with I ? joan I would like some time to myself . joe to do what ? 34 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 53. joan I do not know , maybe I will take a tour of the city . joe on some lousy tourist bus ? joan Joe , please . I will be in a much better mood if you let I go . joe I just think this be something we should be do together . Joan set down Joe 's heart pill . joan you need to take one of this at three . I be set the alarm on you watch . Joan put Joe 's watch back on he bedside table and leave . int . grand HOTEL -- day 34 Joan , freed of Joe 's celebrity , be take she own sweet time walk through the lobby . no one be bow and scraping , no one be take picture , no one be hover with awe in they eye ... bone ( 0.s. ) Mrs. castleman ... Joan turn and see nathanial get up from one of the elegant sit area . he have a newspaper tuck under he arm . joan nathanial . bone I be not stalking you , I promise . but I have something for you -- I be go to leave it for you at the desk ... bone pull out a envelope and hand it to Joan . bone ( cont 'd ) I find it at a bookstore at Smith when I be do research on Joe . 35 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 54 . Joan pull out a hand - tinted post card , circa 1927 , of some young college woman do a skit , the caption : northrop House folly , Smith College . joan oh , northrop House . that be my dorm . bone I know . the picture 's a bit before you time , but I think you would get a kick out of it . Joan be impressed by the gift but do not entirely trust bone . joan thank you , nathanial , this be very thoughtful . bone well , you have always be very kind to I during my abort attempt to woo joe. listen , there 's a great bar here , very nineteenth century . you can imagine strinberg get hammer there . can I buy you a drink ? joan oh , I do not know how appropriate that would be . bone it 's completely inappropriate . but we be in Sweden in the dead of winter and I do not think either of we should be leave alone to we own brood thought , do you ? bone be actually flirt with she . Joan find it rather enjoyable . Joe would be appal . and that 's why she say ... joan one drink . no more . int . the golden onion -- day 35 Joan and bone be now sit in a quaint , wood panell tavern . it 's a cozy , intimate place , good for lose one 's sobriety . they be both have icy , vodka-base drink . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 55 . bone ..- listen , I want you to know that I have get a offer to write a book about Joe . I want to tell you so you do not think I be do anything behind he back . joan and be this go to be a scholarly work ? bone yes and no . joan meaning what ? bone please do not take offense , but you might as well know that I be aware of Joe 's various indiscretion . joan ( unruf fle ) I be sure you be . I imagine it 's all very juicy material for a biographer . bone to be honest , it 's a little predictable . most of you man of genius seem to have overactive libidos . and thanks to the worshipful tome put out by we biographer , we be suppose to find it all very charming and forgivable . I do not , actually . I think that kind of behavior be rather appall . joan please do not paint I as a victim . I be much more interesting than that . bone oh , I know you be . look , I do not want to make the wrong assumption about you relationship . so why do not you set I straight ? joan oh nathanial , you be so tran - parent . I can not believe I let you lure I here . 36 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 56 . bone of course you be free to get up and leave this cozy cafe and this excellent drink and spend the rest of the afternoon in some drafty museum of obscure Nordic art . Joan take a careful sip of she drink . joan all right . you have a hour with I . bone thank you , Joan . I really do appreciate this . and if there 's anything you do not want to talk about , feel free to tell I to fuck off . joan oh , do not worry , I will . int . stockholm concert hall stage -- day 36 we be on stage where workmen be arrange giant stand of flower to frame the ceremony . a television crew be set up for the broadcast . James finch and the other laureate be gather on stage for a rehearsal . they be all chat amicably among themselves while the nobel organizer and assistant stand on the sideline , watch they in delight . Joe arrive with walter in tow . walter mister castleman , let I introduce you to you fellow laureate . gentlemen , this be Joseph castleman who be to receive the Nobel Prize in literature . the other laureate pause in they conversation and turn to Joe . they all shake hand as they be introduce . walter ( cont ’d ) Professor finch , you have already meet ... this be Professor chen ling who 's receive the prize in chemistry ... Doctor Karl seigler , we esteem laureate in medicine ... and Sir randall meade who 's receive the prize in economics . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 57 . Joe , intimidate by all this brilliance , be grin and hunt around for something pithy to say . joe well , to quote groucho marx , '' I never want to be a member of a club that would have I . '' however , with this crowd I have be a idiot not to make a exception . hearty laughter from the great man . linnea be there with she camera . she take a few quick shot to capture this moment , then give Joe a wink . walter I will turn you over to Mr. lagerfelt who will instruct you on the protocol for tomorrow 's ceremony . the impeccable mr . lagerfelt step forward . mr . lagerfelt gentlemen , you will be enter from this side of the stage , in this order : Sir meade , Professor finch , mr.castleman , Professor ling and Doctor seigler . you will take you seat here , indicate , for now , by this sign with you name . when it be you time to receive you medal , you will walk from you seat , to here . and you will receive you medal from the King . Mr. lagerfelt demonstrate with a older gentleman who 's stand in for the king and give he the medal box . mr . lagerfelt ( cont ’d ) you shall then bow , make the three reverence . like so . we will start with you Mr. castleman . Joe , feel the other laureate 's eye on he , can not focus . joe I be sorry -- do I bow first ? mr . lagerfelt you approach the king and then you bow . joe ah -- sorry . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 58 . mr . lagerfelt no need to apologize . that be why we be practice . jame finch it 's not rocket science , castleman ! the other laureate chuckle good - naturedly but Joe grimace a bit . he approach the gentleman play the king who hand he a stand - in for the box with the Nobel medal . linnea be click away , she camera feel a little too close . mr . lagerfelt and now the three reverence . Joe awkwardly bow in the three direction as linnea continue to take she shot -- click...click...click .... mr . lagerfelt ( cont ’d ) very good Mr. castleman , you may now return to you seat . Joe be sweat . joe if you will excuse I for a moment ... walter ( hover ) be you feel all right , Mr. castleman ? joe I just need to take a break , excuse I . walter can I bring you some water ? joe I be fine , I be fine . thank you . carry on ! Joe walk off the stage . 37 int . golden onion -- day 37 bone be get out he cigarettes -- foreign , of course . he offer one to Joan . bone do you smoke ? joan not officially . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 59 . bone I would guess that Joe make you give it up . joan yes , he want to keep I healthy . Joan take a cigarette . bone light it for she . there 's a hint of seduction in the gesture . bone pull out a notebook . bone May I ? joan go ahead . bone first fascinating query -- this be the publisher 's not mine : " what do the Nobel Prize mean to Joseph castleman ? " joan oh God . bone what if I just quote what he say to I on the plane , " it 's not about the prize , it 's about get up the gumption to write the next book . " joan perfect . thank you . bone and what about you ? how do you get up the gumption ? joan to get up in the morning ? bone to write . joan I be not a writer , nathanial . bone I beg to differ . when I be look through the Smith archive I find some of you storey that be publish in the college journal . I read " the faculty wife . " it 's a beautifully write piece . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 60 . joan thank you , but the fact be I have potential and nothing more . bone and you do not regret give it up ? joan no , I have very low expectation of what I could accomplish as a female writer . bone but there be plenty of successful woman writer back then . joan a few . but I do not have the right personality for it . bone really . joan I be quite shy . I do not like to be look at . bone all right , I will not look at you . joan how kind . Joan take a sip of she drink . joe do Joe encourage you to keep write ? joan yes , but as I say , I do not choose to pursue it . bone because he be the writer of the family . joan now nathanial , if you be trolling for nugget of bitterness you will find none here . bone speak of bitterness , I have talk to he ex , Carol . joan how be she do ? the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 61 . bone she 's a psychiatrist . joan oh. good for she . and they daughter , fanny ? bone she 's a dentist . Carol forgive you , by the way . joan I be glad . Joe try to keep in contact with they ... I urge he to . we both feel very badly about that chapter of we life . bone she say to thank you for take he off she hand . joan she 's welcome . Joan take a drag of she cigarette , tap the ash . bone be watch she . bone I hope you know that Joe 's affair do not have anything to do with you . it 's a compulsion . I believe it 's a part of he deep - seat fear of inadequacy . joan well , be not you the therapist . bone do you have anyone that you confide in ? joan no . but I do not really care to . bone and that 's what make you so attractive . you mystery . joan my God , nathanial , be you flirt with I ? bone oh , probably . why not ? joan you know I do not trust you . 38 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 62. bone of course you do not . I 'ma writer on a deadline , why should you ? the waiter come by and set down a little plate of swedish meatball . bone ( cont 'd ) would you like another drink ? joan one be my limit , thank you . bone oh come on . I be have another . joan no , nathanial . nathanial signal to the waiter to bring two more . int . stockholm concert hall , chamber room -- day 38 Joe have wander into a formal , re-carpete chamber that be surround on all side by door and mirror . he look around it , disorientate . linnea ( 0.s. ) Mr. castleman ? Joe turn and see linnea . she hold she hand up to show that she do not have she camera with she . linnea ( cont ’d ) I come to you unarm . I could see that I be get on you nerve . all that click in you face . I do apologize . joe no apology necessary , it 's you job . linnea they tell I that if you wish , they will release you for the day . joe I wish that , yes . ( look at all the door ) which one of this offer the quick escape ? linnea shall we try they and see ? there my be a secret passageway . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 63 . joe or a dead end . linnea we must choose carefully . joe indeed . they stand there together , play this little game , the sexual tension between they palpable . linnea May I confess something . joe go ahead . linnea I be usually very objective about my subject . but you move I . very much . joe do i. linnea you have a wonderful face . linnea cup Joe 's head in she hand and peer into he face , eye shine . she touch he strong , high brow , the line on he forehead , evidence of all that genius ... linnea ( cont ’d ) you mind ... where do it all come from ? Joe can see that she want to be kiss . how can he resist she luscious young lip or the comforting territory of a young acolyte 's ass . bee - bee , bee - bee . the alarm on Joe 's watch have go off . joe oh shit . he start fiddling with he watch , try to turn it off . joe ( cont 'd ) shit . my pill . linnea you pill ? joe for my blood pressure . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 64 . linnea do you need to take they ? joe I think I should head back to the hotel . linnea yes , all right . Joe be die . he want to get out of there . he pull a walnut out of he pocket and offer it up to she . joe here -- Joe get out a pen and start write on it . joe ( cont 'd ) to linnea -- that 's l-i-n-e-a.. linnea no , two n's . joe two n's . Joe try to rub the letter out . linnea that 's all right -- I should go . do you know the way out ? joe yes . I be fine . go ahead . linnea make a hasty exit , leave Joe hold the walnut , feel like a utter fool . joe ( cont 'd ) aw shit . 39 int . the golden onion -- day 39 Joan have make a healthy dent in she second drink . she and bone be lighting up another cigarette . bone you know , I be curious about something . off the record . joan off the record -- we have all hear that one before . bone on my honor . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 65 . bone put he note pad down . bone ( cont 'd ) I have read some of Joe 's early work - - some short storey I dig up ina couple of obscure literary journal . I hate to say it , but they be not so great . joan early work be rarely very readable , I think you know that . bone but there be not even a hint of he mature voice . in fact you piece , " the faculty wife " read more like early castleman than this do . joan that do not surprise I . Joe have a very heavy hand as a teacher . bone Fair enough , but when I talk to Carol , she say it be odd how he write get so much better after he meet you . joan that 's very generous of she . bone with all respect , I think you be tired of he affair , tired of be invisible , tired of put you enormous talent into create the castleman legend . and for the health of you family , this might be something you would want to do . David seem like a very unhappy young man . joan you have no business talk about my child . bone no , you be right . I apologize . ( gently ) I think you really do want to talk . and I give you my word , I will never reveal my source . i’1ll be the bad guy so you do not have to feel like you be betray Joe . the truth will be out and then you would be free to write on you own . 40 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 66 . joan what a marvelous story , Nathaniel . you really ought to write fiction . Joan get up . bone you know where to find I . and Joan , I want you to know -- I really do enjoy you company . Joan give bone one of she gracious , elusive smile and she leave he there to stew over he drink . int . grand HOTEL , castleman suite -- night 40 Joan , look rattle , be now let herself into the suite . we hear Joe call . joe ( 0.s. ) Joan ?! joanie ?! be that you ?! joan yes . Joe appear , half - dress in he boxer short and dress shirt . joe where have you be ? I have be worried sick . joan Joe , it 's only four-thirty . joe but look how dark it be already ! do not do this to I , do not disappear on I like that . joan I do not disappear . I be go for a few hour . joe what do you do all day ? joan I walk around , visit shop . joe you have have a cigarette . I can smell it on you . joan I stop at a cafe . it be fill with smoke . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 67 . joe you have be drink too . joan I have a vodka . joe in the middle of the day ? joan yes , Joe , in the middle of the day . Joan make she way through the suite to the master bedroom , Joe follow . joe you need to pace yourself . you should not be show up at this function with alcohol on you breath . joan you be the one who 's the star of the show , why would anyone possibly care ? joe what the hell 's get into you ? joan I do not like you lecture I . I be not a child . Joe have leave he pants and shirt in a heap on the floor . Joan start pick they up . joan ( cont 'd ) dammit , Joe , would you not leave you clothes on the floor ? I be sick of pick up after you . joe leave it . here , lemme have it . as Joe grab he pants from Joan the walnut fall out of the pocket . joan what 's that ? Joe move in , pick it up . joe I be hungry , I buy some walnut . joan let I see it . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 68 . joe come on , joanie . joan let I see it . Joan grab at the walnut . Joe try to keep it away . they wrestle over it like a couple of ten-year-olds . joe what be you do ? you be act crazy . Joan pries the walnut out of Joe 's hand . she stare at the half - complete inscription . joan so while I be out be the drunken lush , you , the picture of sobriety , be seduce the luscious young linnea . joe nothing happen . Joan hurl the walnut at Joe . it hit he smack in the middle of he forehead . joe ( cont 'd ) ow ! Jesus , joanie . joan do not insult my intelligence , do not you dare . joe nothing happen ! I be the one who stop it . joan well bully for you . joe yes bully for I ! you know why I stop ? because I be think about you sit on some fuck tour bus , feel neglect , with no one to talk to and I rush back here so you would not be sit here all alone ! and then I end up wait for you ! joan so sorry , Joe , I should have let you know I would be late so you could finish screwing you photographer . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 69 . joe I be not go to screw she , God dammit . I be not even attract to the fuck woman . in fact all I could think about be get back to you . joan I be touch . the phone be ringing . joe you think I be proud of my behavior ? it sicken I . I be too old for this shit ! I be do ! I be all yours . joan well goody for I . Joan pick up the phone . joan ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) hello ? susannah ( on phone ) hi Mom . joan susannah . susannah ( on phone ) I have the baby . joan oh ! Joe ! susannah have she baby ! joe oh my God ! joan get on the other line ! Joe run to the library and grab the phone by the toilet . joan ( cont 'd ) oh sweetie , when do this happen ? susannah ( on phone ) a couple of hour ago . I be look at he right now . he 's beautiful . Mark be hold he . he 's make little mewl sound . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 70 . joe it 's a boy ?! you have a boy ?! what have you name he ? susannah on phone Max . joe who do he look like ? susannah on phone dad , I know you want I to say that he look like you , but right now he just look like a very sweet baby . joe put the phone next to he ear , I want to say hello . susannah on phone hold on ... Mark take the phone , dad want to talk to the baby ... joe be he on ? we hear snuffling on the other end . joe ( cont 'd ) hello maxwell , how ya do ? it 's you grandpa Joe , whatta ya know ? joan hello , beautiful boy , it 's grandma . hello . more snuffling . joe he 's talk to we , you hear that ? joan you be the sweetest boy in all the world . oh I wish I have you in my arm right now . we hear the phone be hand back . susannah ( on phone ) dad , Mom , I have to go . Mark 's parent just get here . we can hear the other grandparent gush over the baby . joe give that Max a big kiss for we , will you ? 41 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) susannah ( on phone ) I will . joan we love you , sweetheart . we love you very much . susannah ( on phone ) Love you too . bye bye . 71 . Joan and Joe hang up . Joe come back into the bedroom . Joan be already start to cry . Joe put he arm around she . joe aw joanie , it do not any get better than this . say what you will about the crap we put each other through -- we still have a wonderful fuck life . int . grand HOTEL bar -- night 4l the castleman and Joe 's entourage be all in the bar which have be take over by all the laureate who be now all happily get drunk . Joe , still glow from the news of he grandchild be sit with David , full of affection for he son . they be both lean together , deep in conversation while Joan sit back , sip a cognac , glad to see the two of they make amend . joe you be a gift writer David , you be . david thank you , dad . I appreciate that . joe I like you story . it 's well structure . david but ... joe there 's always a but with a first draft . come on , you know that . you want to hear this ? david sure , yeah , go on . joe I do not completely buy what you do with the couple -- the blowhard husband , the stoic wife with the ( more ) the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 72 . joe ( cont 'd ) repress rage . we have see it . it 's a cliche . you can do better . david okay ... Jesus . joe it 's part of the process , David . it 's painful , I know . write be a fuck agony . joan yes darling , it 's dreadful . you suffer enormously . Joe give Joan a curious look . joe time for bed . I be take you mother to bed . have a good night , boyo , do not stay up too late . joan good night , darling . call you sister . she have love to hear from you . Joe and Joan leave to a chorus of ebullient good night . stay on David as he watch he parent walk away , he father affectionately support he elegant , tipsy mother , he hand squeezing she waist . they be go to have celebratory sex , no doubt . David see ellen finch sit with she brother Sam at a table . she look up expectantly to David , eager to have he join she . David can not face this girl with she crush on he and pretend not to see she . he pat he pocket for cigarettes but he 's all out . he go over to the bar and mime a cigarette to the swedish bartender . david cigaretten ? bartender ( in perfect English ) I be very sorry Sir , we do not sell they here . bone ( 0.s. ) here , you can have one of mine . David turn and see bone who 's discreetly tuck himself in at the bar . 42 43 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 73. david oh. hey . bone offer David he pack of cigarettes . david ( cont 'd ) thanks . they both light up and look over at a table where ellen and Sam finch be huddle together drink beer . bone I have be watch they . the girl chew she hair and the other one have a tic . david yeah , they be pretty screw up . bone be not we all . my dad teach at Yale . he make I recite the iliad at the dinner table . in Greek . david that 's really fuck up . bone you want to know what 's really , really fuck up ? he do not understand a fuck word of it . they laugh and light up . bone ( cont 'd ) so what be you drink ? int . grand HOTEL , castleman suite -- night 42 Joe be out cold , softly snore in the billow of the eiderdow . Joan , wide awake , be sit in the library sip a brandy , wait to fall asleep . she stare at all the castleman book that be display on the shelf . she pull out the walnut . it 's a slim book , with a simple , classy cover design that say to the world , this be a important book . Joan open it up to the dedication : to J. , in awe . J. int . waverly arm , joe & joan' room -- day , summer 1957 43 extreme close on young Joan read something . we see the reflection of the page in she eye as she pupil flick from word to word . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 74 . she turn the last page over and let out a long , despair sigh . she tap the page back together , into a neat stack . close on the title page : the walnut . Young Joe come burst through the door . young joe okay , I walk to harlem and back , have five espressos , and make my way through a pack and a half of cigarettes . he sit down on the bed with she , see he manuscript . it 's be read . good . young joe ( cont ’d ) so ? what do you think ? Joan be in agony . she can not speak . Joe be hope this mean that she 's strike dumb by he brilliance . young joe ( cont ’d ) what . tell I . young joan look . you ask I to be honest . young joe so talk . young joan I be really , really sorry , Joe , but it do not work for I . young joe what do you mean ? young joan somehow ... it never really come alive . I want more than anything to be move . but I be not . I be sorry . young joe it 's because the subject be too close to you . I should get a more objective opinion . young joan the character be wooden , Joe . no offense , but you have not make they real . young joe that do not mean anything . get specific . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 75 . young joan well the dialogue , for one thing ... um , it 's stilted . ( nervously flipping through the page ) let I see if I can find a example ... young joe fuck this . this be not go to work . young joan what be not ? young joe this whole thing . you and I . this love affair of ours , whatever you want to call it . young joan Joe , just because I do not like you novel do not mean that I do not love you -- young joe of course it do . how can you love I if you think I be a hack ? Joan be start to cry . young joan Joe , please ! young joe how can I be with someone who have no respect for I ? young joan I do respect you ! I respect you in all kind of way ! young joe " all kind of way " ?! fuck that ! tell I that you believe in I as a writer ! young joan it 's only you first draft , Joe ! young joe screw it , joanie , it 's over . Joan be now a sobbing wreck . young joan oh God ! no , Joe , it can not be over ! the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 76 . young joe this relationship be doom ! young joan we be not doom ! young joe what be I suppose to do , go back and teach English at some second - rate college ? since obviously I just blow it with the ivy leagues by screwing one of my student . young joan I be not just one of you student ! young joe no , you be the girl with the golden touch ! you will go on to be the literary sensation while I stay at home grade papers and cooking the pot roast ! young joan I be not go to be a literary sensation , you bastard ! not ever ! no one will ever publish my book ! and if they do , no one will read they ! I will end up like Elaine mozell , bitter and angry and drunk ! this declaration somehow calm Joe down a bit . young joan ( cont ’d ) I be not full of big idea the way you be ! you be the brilliant one ! you be the one who have something to say , not I ! please do not leave I , please . if I lose you , my life be over ! Joe sit on the bed with Joan and hold she . he start cry as well . young joe I be not go anywhere , shush . young joan I do not want to live without you ! young joe I do not want to live without you either . oh joanie , life be so fuck unfair they both hold on to each other for a beat madly kissing and weep . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 77 . young joe ( cont ’d ) okay , okay , let 's try to calm down . we will be okay . Joe get out he hankie . they both share it , wiping off they tear . young joan what be we go to do ? young joe I dunno . lemme think . Joe get out the cigarettes and hand one to Joan . they both light up . young joe ( cont ’d ) so you think it hopeless , this piece of shit I write ? young joan it 's not a piece of shit , Joe . it 's a really compelling story . the idea be all there . I know how to fix it . I can see it . ( a beat ) do you want I to fix it ? a long beat . young joan ( cont ’d ) do you Joe ? young joe go ahead . make it yours . 44 int . grand HOTEL , castleman suite -- dusk 44 Joan and Joe be dress and ready to go -- Joe in white tie and tail and Joan in a elegant evening gown with jewel at she throat . she 's touch up the mature walnut bruise on Joe 's forehead with base from she compact . joe where the hell be he ? joan Joe , relax . joe if he do not show up , that 's it . we be go without he . the buzzer be ringing . joan you see ? there he be . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 78 . joe ( the bruise ) how do I look ? can you tell ? joan it look fine . do not touch it . Joan go to the door and let David in , who 's dress in a tux . joan ( cont 'd ) hello , darling . look how handsome you be . joe you be late . we better get go . ( nervously patting he pocket ) ... where be my glass ? joanie , you have my glass ? joan they be in my purse . joe you have the invitation ? joan I do not think we will need they . joe you never know . David be rummage in one of the fruit basket . joe ( cont 'd ) David , c’mere , you bow tie be all wrong , let I fix it . david no , I have it . joe you do not know how to tie it . c’mere . David start move away . joe ( cont 'd ) come on , stand still . Joe pull David 's bow tie apart and start to re-tie it . he sniff at David 's collar . david ( pull away ) what be you do . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 79 . joe you have be smoking pot . david no I have not . joe yes you have , you reek of it ! joan Joe , calm down . joe no , I will not ! look at he . he 's completely stone ! ( to David ) what the hell be the matter with you ? david I guess I be a real embarrassment to you , huh pop ? joe what kind of hostile crap be that ? joan joe. ( evenly ) David , what 's go on ? David start try to fix he tie . david I do not know , Mom , I be try to figure out if I have be worshipp at the wrong parental shrine . joe what the hell be you talk about ? David just shake he head , stay focus on the tie . joe ( cont 'd ) ( to Joan ) he 's a mess . what be we suppose to do with he ? david I be not a pronoun , pop , I be stand right here . joe then talk to we , for chrissake ! joan Joe , do not shout at he . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 80 . joe yes I will . we be late ! we be suppose to be in the limo right now and he 's already spoil my night with this bullshit . david be it ? joe be it what ? david you night . because accord to you biographer this could all be some brilliant fraud . joe what biographer ? david that guy on the plane , with the glass and the hair , Andy Warhol with pigment . joe Nathaniel bone ? he 's not my fuck biographer ! what be you talk about ? david he be in the bar last night . joan David , what do he say to you ? david he say I should not measure myself against my venerable father 's success because there 's a theory that you , my mother , be the real genius of the family . joan David , that 's ridiculous . david why would he make such a twisted thing up ? joe do not be a idiot , David . he 's out to get I because I will not authorize he hack - job on my life . david I be not a idiot ! why would you call I that ? the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 81 . joe all right , calm down . david but of course , if what he say be true , then I have really be a fuck idiot would not I ? joan you be not a idiot , David . joe I do not mean to state the obvious , but I think the pot be make you paranoid . david I be not fuck paranoid ! joan honey , nathanial bone be a unscrupulous man and he have no right to tell you this thing . david he say he have a drink with you . do you ? the air very briefly go out of the room . Joe look at Joan . joan I do . he approach I in the lobby and I do not think it be wise to rebuff he . david he say that you confess . joan confess what ? david he say that you ghostwrite dad 's book . joan I never say that . david do you ? joan no , David , I do not . david I do not believe you . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 82 . joan ( with great calm ) I can not make you believe I , honey . it 's up to you what you believe . joe David , this be lie . it 's fuck outrageous . david okay . but let I just ask you something , dad . why be the two of you always close the door on I with she inside ? what the fuck be she do in there ? joe what be you talk about ? david the fuck door to you office ! it be always be slam in my face ! with the two of you inside -- joe you mother be proofreading . david I don ’t fucking believe you ! David grab the gift card from the box of chocolate . david ( cont 'd ) you asked mom who the hell be sylvia fry ! you don ’t even know you own fucking character ! David kick over a table , send Joe 's gift basket and chocolate fly . joe that 's enough now , David , that 's enough ! David start shove Joe against the wall . david fuck you ! you 're a monster ! you 've made a slave of my mother ! joe ( scared now ) okay ...okay ... joan David , stop , you have to calm down . you father do not control I . I be fine . 45 46 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 83. David start sobbing . david this be all so fuck up ... I be sorry ... joe listen , I know it 's not easy be my son . I know that . david ma ... joan it 's all right , darling . Joan put she arm around David and he sob against she chest . joe look , we have all be under a lot of pressure . and you be exhaust . you have not sleep in what , three day ? Joe pat David 's back . joe ( cont 'd ) listen , why do not you skip the ceremony , get some rest . take the night off , order up some food . that sound good to you ? Joe look at Joan in agony but she can not meet he eye . int . limo -- night 45 Joe and Joan be sit apart from each other in silence . there 's still a slight wet spot on Joan 's gown from David 's cry fit . joe we be not bad people , joanie . Joan have nothing to say to this . they drive on . int . castleman home , office -- day , 1968 46 we see Young Joan sit at she large wrap -around desk in front of a typewriter while Young Joe stand behind she , massage she shoulder . the two of they be look down at she page that Joe have mark up with red pencil . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 84 . young joe this part where you describe she fold he clothes , it go on too long . the office door open and three - year -old david slip in carry a little stuff giraffe . young joan it 's deliberate , Joe . it 's about she boredom while she 's wait for he to show up . David go over to Joan and lean against she and start bounce the giraffe around she desk . young joan ( cont ’d ) there 's a rhythm to it . do you see ? it 's a endless list of the prosaic . young joe I see it . it 's good . if that 's what you be do , you need to take it further then . Joan hold she hand up to Joe . young joan I have it . Joan start type . David , want Joan 's attention , wag the giraffe in front of she face . young joan ( cont ’d ) sweetie ... young joe ( to David ) c’'mere , kiddo . Joe pick David up and walk he back to the door . he call out to the hall . young joe ( cont ’d ) melinda ...? through the door , we see Joe hand David off to they nanny , melinda , a young woman who 's not beautiful but pleasant enough that Joe might feel compel to seduce she . he shut the door behind he and we hear David cry in protest . Joan look up from she type as the sound of David 's cry fade as he 's be lead away . she stare at the close door for a beat -- be that my child cry ? Joan return to she type ... prelap : 47 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 85 . dr . ekeberg ( v.o. ) Mr. castleman , you have give we a vast , restless and brilliant body of work ... int . stockholm concert hall -- night 47 we see Dr. ekeberg stand at the podium on the grand Nobel stage deliver he ode to Joe . on one side of the stage be king gustav of sweden , queen sylvia , and the elderly crown princess victoria who be in they full royal regalia -- medal , ribbon , tiaras and all . on the other side we see Joe sit with he fellow laureate , along with the solemn member of the academy who be there to bear witness to he lionization . dr . ekeberg with each book , Mr. castleman , you have challenge the novelistic form and reinvent the very nature of storytelling and of prose . you be a master of style , yet you character be intensely real , they journey heartbreaking , they portrayal intimate and deep . we see Joan , sit with the other laureate family . next to she be David 's empty seat . she 's stare at the stage , listen to this man talk about she work , she voice , she gift . up in the peanut gallery we see Nathaniel bone in he rent tux madly take note in he pad with a gleeful little grin on he face . dr . ekeberg ( cont 'd ) the humanity in you write transcend the boundary of class and gender . you be a master of word , but more importantly , you be a master at portray the human condition in all it 's complexity . close on Joe . we see that he 's die inside but try to maintain a expression of quiet dignity . dr . ekeberg ( cont 'd ) Mr. castleman , I would like to convey to you the warm congratulation of the swedish Academy as I now request you to receive the Nobel Prize in literature from he majesty the King . 48 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 86 . as Joe rise from he seat all the notables on stage rise with he , include the royal . everyone in the concert hall rise as well , in a great whoosh of tux and gowns . constance finch who 's so pleased and proud for all of they , reach over to Joan and give she hand a little squeeze . there 's a reverent hush as Joe make he way across the stage to King gustav . Joe bow he head to the King . King gustav say a few laudatory word to he then hand he the Nobel medal which be house in a flat leather box . as they shake hand , a fanfare sound and Joe numbly make he three reverence . and Joan join the audience in applaud she husband 's great achievement . int . stockholm CITY hall , the blue hall -- night 48 we be now at the Nobel banquet which be house in a vast , glitter , two -story hall . row of mile - long table have be elaborately set with flower , candelabra , and crystal wine glass to accommodate the plethora of toast . seat at the table be swedish and INTERNATIONAL VIP 's and they patient wive , all talk loudly , intoxicate by the event and the generous amount of wine be serve . we see Joan and Joe sit across from each other at the table of honor with King gustav and Queen sylvia . Joe , just try to get through the night , have slip back into he role as the charming raconteur . he 's be across the table from the two royal who be both hang on to he every word . Joan be between the King and a diplomat who 's converse with the woman on he other side . have no one to talk to , she 's stay engage with she wine . joe «+. so you brown the brisket in the pot and then you add two cup of water , some ketchup , some garlic salt , and here 's the secret ingredient -- a tablespoon of instant coffee . king gustav really . this be a typical recipe of the american jewish culture ? joe no it 's a typical reflection of what a terrible cook my mother be . the King guffaw . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 87 . Joan smile , drink down she wine . a uniform server come by and Joan gratefully let he refill she glass . a nobel hostess approach Joe and the King with great deference . nobel hostess Excuse I , you majesty , if I may lead Mr. castleman to the dais . king gustav yes , of course . joe ( to he table mate ) Excuse I . I shall return . king gustav yes , bravo , please do . as Joe get up , he stare across the table at Joan . they lock eye for a beat and it 's possible , just possible , that he 's ready to tell the world . Joe move off without another word , leave Joan breathless . she take a healthy gulp of she wine to possibly prepare herself . King gustav politely turn to Joan . king gustav ( cont ’d ) tell I about yourself Mrs. castleman . do you have a occupation ? joan yes I do . king gustav and what be that ? joan I be a king -maker . a beat . the king finally get it . king gustav you know , my wife will tell you the same thing . they both share a jolly chuckle . up in the balcony , four trumpeter play a fanfare . the Nobel hostess be stand at a podium that 's set at the top of a grand staircase . she address the guest in swedish and then again in English : the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 88 . nobel hostess you majesty , you Royal highness , lady and gentlemen . it be a great honor to introduce the Nobel prize winner in literature , Mr. Joseph castleman . to great applause , Joe mount the stair to the podium . he stare down at all the expectant face : he proud team beam up at he , linnea with she camera ready , he fellow laureate look at he with they deeply intelligent eye . Joe 's mouth have go dry . he lick he lip . joe good evening and thank you to the swedish Academy and you majesty for you kind welcome and this magnificent feast . I be deeply grateful for this honor you have give I . Joe pause . joe ( cont 'd ) but really this honor belong to someone else . my wife Joan . there 's a great rustling as everyone in the hall shift in they seat to look at Joan . Joan gird herself . joe ( cont 'd ) Joan be truly my better half . she have make it possible for I to find the stillness , as well as the noise , to create my body of work . without she , I be certain I would not be stand up here tonight . I would instead be at home stare at a blank piece of paper with my mouth open in stupification . warm laughter . joe ( cont 'd ) she have be my sanity , my conscience , the inspiration for every decent impulse that I have ever have . Joan , you be my muse , my love , my soul . and I share this honor with you . King gustav stand , cuing the guest to all rise to they foot to applaud the lovely Joan . Joan can not believe that Joe just reduce she to the wife yet again . she 's livid but she maintain she cool and obligingly mouth she thank - you 's to the ador crowd . 49 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 89 . CUT to : 49 Joe now return to the table . the King and all of he jolly table mate give he a round of applause . Joe go over to Joan and give she a kiss . she can not bear to look at he . we hear another trumpet fanfare and the light in the hall be dimme . a orchestra start play a processional as a column of server enter , carry enormous platter mound with a elaborate concoction of sherbet and spun sugar . Joan pick up she purse and get up from the table . joe where be you go ? joan I be leave . Joe start follow Joan as she make she way between the row of table and diner . Joe take Joan by the elbow and try to steer she away from server who be now march on either side of they with they giant dessert trays . Joan trip a little in she heel . Joe catch she . joe joanie , slow down . Joan jerk away from Joe and stumble into one of the server cause he tray to upend , spilling the dessert , sherbet and all , on Joan 's gown . joe ( cont 'd ) oh Christ . the server , aghast , start make mad apology in swedish . diner be turn around . a few gentleman jump up and offer Joan they napkin . a army of staff swoop in to attend to Joan and the mess on the floor . Joe be speechless with humiliation . Mrs. lindelof appear and start ushere Joe and Joan out of the hall . mrs . lindelof come , my dear , come , I will take you to the powder room . joan I want to go back to the hotel . 50 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) joe I think my wife would like to change . where be we car ? mrs . lindelof this way ... int . stockholm CITY hall -- continuous , night 90 . 50 Joan , walk ahead of Joe and Mrs. lindelof , be now make she way down the snow - blow step of the City Hall to where the limo be wait . joe joanie , wait up , you be gonna freeze out here Joe pull off he tuxedo jacket and throw it over she shoulder . mrs . lindelof Mrs. castleman , if you tell I you dress size , I can have a clean gown deliver to you . joan thank you , but I be do for the night . walter breathlessly join they , carry the Nobel medal in its box . walter Mr. castleman . you leave this on the table ! joe ah . thank you . walter Mrs. castleman , we be so very sorry this happen . joe I think I 'il ride with she . walter of course . but you will be come back , yes ? joe we will see . gustav be jump out of the limo and open the door for the castleman . 51 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) Joe get in the car with Joan . gustav slam the run to he side . we watch the limo take off . int . limo -- continuous , night Joan be shiver . Joe be rub she arm . joe gustav , would you turn up the heat ? and can you give we a little privacy ? thank you . the privacy screen glide up . Joe turn back to joe ( cont 'd ) listen , we will go to the hotel , you will change , we will go back , make a quick appearance and then we 'il be do with this whole fuck thing . joan I be leave you Joe . joe what be you talk about ? joan I can not do this anymore . joe come on , this be crazy . you be not go to leave I . joan please do not act furious , or heartbroken , or shocked , none of which you could possibly be . joe look , I know you do not want I to acknowledge you in my speech . but do think what I say up there be all for show ? I mean every word of it . give I some credit . joan for what ? joe for loving you . joan God , Joe . joe what . 91 . door and 51 Joan . 52 53 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 92 . Joan just shake she head and stare out the window . Joe take the Nobel medal out of the box offer it to Joan . joe ( cont 'd ) here . joan I do not want it . joe it belong to you . joan no. joe quit be so stubborn . take it . take it ! joan it 's yours Joe , all yours . joe I do not want the fuck thing ! Joe take the medal and throw it out the window . they look at each other in brief , delighted , shock . then Joe bang on the partition . joe ( cont 'd ) gustav -- stop the car . ext . STREET , stockholm -- night 52 the limo be pull over and we see Joe and gustav walk up the busy boulevard digging in a snow bank for the medal . int . castleman suite , grand HOTEL -- night 53 Joe and Joan be now walk into they hushed suite . the voluminous curtain have be draw make the place feel a bit like a funeral parlor . Joan throw she evening purse on a table and Joe fling the Nobel medal next to it . Joan start head down the hall . joe joan. joanie ... Joe catch she and pull she into the library . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 93. joe ( cont 'd ) joanie , c’'mere . sit so I can look at you . do you want a drink ? joan no . joe listen to I . there 's nothing horrible or shameful or immoral about what we do . we be write partner . we have create a beautiful body of work together . joan you edit , Joe , that 's all you do . I be the one who 's sit at the desk six hour a day . joe that 's how you see it ? really ? you be say that all this year you have be sit in some giant stew of resentment . okay , and how about all the year I have be rub you back and bring you tea and cooking you dinner and watch the kid so you could work without distraction -- you do not think there be time when it fuck kill I that you be the one with the golden touch ? you think I wake up every morning feel even remotely proud of myself ? but have I ever say to you , I be do with this marriage , I be walk away ? joan no , you have affair . joe and I have regret every fuck one of they ! joan oh yes , you would sob in my lap and beg I to forgive you , and I always would because somehow you convinced I that my talent make you do it . and if I feel too hurt and furious to write , you have give I one of you famous back rub and say , '' use it , joanie , use it . '' joe I never say that . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 94 . joan you do Joe ! and lucky I , I have somewhere to put it . the critic love the image of sylvia fry scrubbing the tear stain out of she good silk dress after a fight wit she lover . '' another castleman masterpiece . '' and you chest swell , it actually swell , and instead of be outrage and say '' enough I can not do this anymore ! '' , I remember think to myself , '' how can I describe that . '' and you know what ? I do ! Joan pull a castleman book out of the bookshelf . joan ( cont 'd ) here it be in another castleman masterpiece ! Joan toss the book at the floor and pull out another book . joan ( cont 'd ) oh and look . this one I write after you screw we , what be it ? third nanny ! joe that book have nothing to do with the fuck nanny ! joan oh yes it do ! joe bullshit ! ( grab the book from she . ) this be my storey , my culture , my family , my idea ! joan my word ! my pain ! my hour of sit alone at the desk , neglect we child and turn you appall behavior into literary gold ! joe fuck you , joanie , fuck you ! what do you ever have to say that be so goddamn compelling ? you be nothing but a privileged , prissy little co-e . the only decent story you ever write on you own be about Carol ! you steal from my life even then . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 95 . joan shame on you , Joe . Joan shove past Joe and head for the bedroom . joe ( follow she ) you want this ! you love hole up in the Village with the big , bad Jew . you love make you parent squirm . you love that you get the literary life and still get the house by the sea and the nice clothes and the travel and all the privilege without have to marry some schmuck at a brokerage firm . you get it all , my girl . joan take it back , I do not want it . Joan be pack she suitcase . joe what be you do ? joan I be spend the night in David 's room . and when I get home I be call a lawyer . joe joanie come on , you be not leave I . we have we kid and a grandson and friend we have know forever who will start die on we one - by- one and where will you be ? live alone ? be brave ? be that what you want ? Joan push past he and head to the bathroom . joe ( cont 'd ) do not walk away from I . God damn it , joanie . joan leave I alone . joe no we be go to fuck talk this out . joan I can not do it anymore Joe . I can not stand the humiliation of hold you coat and arrange you pill and pick the crumb out of you ( more ) 53a the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 96 . joan ( cont 'd ) beard and get push aside with the other wife to talk about god damn shopping trip , while you tell the gather psychophant that you wife do not write ! you wife who just win the Nobel Prize ! joe you never tell I you be so fuck unhappy . joan you should have fuck know . how could you possibly not see it ! joe so , if I be such a insensitive and talent - less piece of shit . why the fuck do you marry I ? joan oh God joe. again . it 's all about you . joe no answer I , I have like to know . why do you marry I ? joan ( exhaust by he ) I do not know Joe , I do not know . I can not think anymore . I just want to get out of this goddamn gown . joe here . turn around . Joe unzip the back of she dress for she . then he start kissing the back of she neck , expect that they be go to have makeup sex . joan Joe , no . Joan push he away . Joe be too grieve to speak . he back away and Joan close the bathroom door on he . Joe stand at the door for a beat , utterly crush . joe aw fuck it ... fuck it . int . castleman suite bathroom / castleman suite -- continuogsa night Joan have shed she gown and be change into a robe . she 's stare at herself in the mirror , still furious . then she the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 97 . start throw she thing into she toiletry bag . she open the door . Joe be not there . we follow Joan back to the bedroom where she go straight to she suitcase and drop she toiletry in . she avoid look at Joe who 's lie on the bed and start get the rest of she clothes out of the closet . joe joanie ... joan what now . Joan turn and see that Joe be clutching he chest , grimace . she immediately go to he side . joan ( cont 'd ) oh my God ! Joe nod . joan ( cont 'd ) stay very still . I be go to call for a medic . Joan grab the phone and dial up the front desk . joan ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) this be Mrs. castleman , I think my husband be have a heart attack . Joan hang up and sit on the bed with Joe and rub he chest , try to soothe he . joan ( cont 'd ) Joe you will be all right ... stay with I , keep look in my eye ... Joe stare at she with a terrify , helpless expression . joe joanie do you love I ? joan oh my darling yes I love you very much . Joe stare at Joan with a look of unspeakable sorrow on he face . joe you be such a good liar , how will I ever know ? Joe be leave she ... 54 the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 98 . joan do not leave I Joe ... Joe ? do not leave I . we hear people come through the front door . the HOTEL manager rush in with the HOTEL doctor and the HOTEL nurse , carry paramedic equipment include defibrillator . HOTEL manager Mrs. castleman ...?! HOTEL doctor Mrs. castleman could you move aside please . HOTEL manager ambulansen do pa vag . HOTEL doctor Mr castleman can you hear I ? the HOTEL doctor feel for a pulse and listen to Joe 's breathe . HOTEL doctor ( cont ’d ) han anda inte , han har hjdrtstillestand . the nurse put the defibrillator lead on Joe as the Hotel Doctor put the assist breathe mask on Joe . HOTEL doctor ( cont ’d ) vi startar hlr . the HOTEL doctor give two breath to Joe and the nurse compress he chest 15 time . HOTEL doctor ( cont ’d ) vi har en defibrilleringsbar pul . the nurse take out the pad and hand they to the Doctor . HOTEL doctor ( cont ’d ) everyone stay clear . the Doctor shock Joe with the defibrillator and he body jump . int . concord jet -- day 54 Joan , she eye puffy with grief , be stare out the window . be that heaven out there ? will Joe be fly by wear a pair of wing ? David be curl up beside she , doze . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 99 . we hear the tinkle of ice -- the flight attendant be deliver Joan a scotch . it 's the same attendant who we see on the plane ride over . flight attendant monica ( softly ) here you go , Mrs. castleman . joan thank you . flight attendant monica I do not know if you remember I , but I serve you on the flight come over . Joan glance at the attendant 's breast which Joe have so admire . joan yes , I remember . flight attendant monica I be so very sorry for you loss . joan thank you . flight attendant monica you know , I see a lot of couple on my flight , and you and you husband -- I just want to say that I could tell that you have a wonderful relationship . joan how ? flight attendant monica it be just something about the way you be with each other . I could tell that he so respected you . another flight attendant touch monica on the shoulder . flight attendant monica ( cont ’d ) ( to Joan ) Excuse I ... monica confer with the other attendant then come back to Joan . flight attendant monica ( cont ’d ) ( in a lower voice ) there 's someone here who say he know you -- nathanial ? the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 100 . joan oh . flight attendant monica should I tell he that you be asleep ? joan no , it 's all right . monica let bone in . he come over to Joan , look properly solemn . he see David sleep and lower he voice . bone Joan . I do not know what to say . I be just stunne . how be you do ? joan we be still in shock . bone we all be . it 's impossible to process . joan nathanial ... bone yes ? David stir in he seat . Joan gesture for bone to get closer . bone crouch down next to she . joan what we be talk about the other day ... bone try very hard not to look too eager . bone yes ...? joan I want to say that what you imply be not true . and if you malign Joe 's talent in any way , I will take you to court . Joan extend she hand . joan ( cont 'd ) good luck , nathanial . I be sure it will be a fine book . bone numbly shake Joan hand and leave . Joan touch David . the wife final shoot script ( 16/12/16 ) 101 . joan ( cont 'd ) do you hear any of that ? david yes . joan when we get home , I be go to sit down with you and you sister and I be go to tell you everything . David stare at he mother for a beat . david ...okay , ma. David put he head phone back on , need to shut down . Joan tuck a blanket around he . Joan reach into she purse and take out Joe 's yellow note pad . she stare at Joe 's strong , bold handwrite and he endless list of idea wait for Joan to turn they into literary gold . she tear this page off the pad and carefully fold it and gently tuck it in she bag . she stare at the note pad , it 's vast blank page , hers to fill by she alone . it 's too much to think about right now , just too much . overwhelm , she lean back and shut she eye , we hold on she for a beat . then she eye pop open . already a story be start to fill she head . it 's not over . she 's a writer still . fade out the end