the beguile written by sofia coppola base on the novel by Thomas cullinan fade in : ext . wood - day a wild landscape in the morning light . we hear cannon in the distance . title : '' 1864 , virginia . 3 year into the civil war '' the small figure of a young blonde girl come into frame . MAIN title begin in red script over the wood as we follow the girl , amy , 12 , carry a basket . we follow she as she dip in and out of the light in the shady grove , pick mushroom as she find small pocket of they . she wear braid and a fade prim cotton dress of the era and sing a song to herself . the SOUND of battle increase in the near distance . smoke drift over a shady glade , surround by tree and high bush . Close on Amy 's freckle face ; she shudder at the SOUND of a loud cannon , and bravely continue , add mushroom to she basket . she stop at a little shady patch of mushroom , and as she pick they , she come across a soldier 's boot . amy Pov : we follow the boot up leg , and to the body of a man -- a wounded soldier , in a dirty , blood-stain Union uniform . Amy carefully lean in to take a closer look at he soot - cover face with a beard . suddenly he eye open -- she jump back with a scream . the soldier look at she . mcburney be you frighten ? amy no ... yes . he look at the young girl . ( continued ) mcburney so be I . Amy move in closer . amy can you move at all ? he struggle to lean up a little on one arm . mcburney I all try , if there 's some place to go . amy the farnsworth school be just on the other side of the wood . the miss martha farnsworth seminary for Young lady . he think about this . mcburney any man about ? amy no man , just four other student , a teacher , and miss farnsworth . the slave leave . I can not say you will be welcome as a yankee , but it will be better than here . mcburney true enough . i’11 accept you invitation , can you help I up ? Amy struggle to help he up . mcburney ( cont 'd ) can you hold on just a bit , while I get my breath ? amy oh , yes , sir . she use all she strength to support he weight . amy ( cont 'd ) you be a lot heavier than my brother . ( continued ) mcburney where 's he now ? amy he get kill in Tennessee . mcburney that be not none of we , I be never in Tennessee . now upright , he smile at she in gratitude . mcburney ( cont 'd ) what 's you name ? amy Amelia dabney . mcburney mine 's mcburney ... corporal John mcburney . amy please to make you acquaintance corporal . they start off slowly . the leg of he tear uniform be cover in blood . ( continued ) mcburney we be , off to where be it now ? amy miss farnsworth 's seminary for Young lady . mcburney with only five student ? amy the other girl have go home , but miss martha keep it open . it be mainly we do not have anywhere else to go . they slowly make they way through the brush . amy ( cont 'd ) my home be Georgia , and my mother think it would be better if I stay up here in Virginia for a while ... what with you General sherman down there so close to Atlanta and all ... smoke rise behind they and cannon boom . amy ( cont 'd ) do you run away ? wide shot we follow they as they slowly make they way into the distance of the Southern landscape . mcburney I be with the sixty - Sixth out of New York ... we be hit and I fall and everything begin to blaze ... amy do you want to go back ? I can show you the way ? ( continued ) mcburney not now . maybe later when my leg stop bleedin’ . CUT to : ext . mansion - day close on a wrought iron sign : '' the farnsworth seminary for young lady '' through the gate , a neglect - look Southern mansion stand amongst dry plant and weed . nothing else in sight . smoke rise in the distance . Amy and mcburney approach the gate . CUT to : int . parlor - day a class be in session . in a large live room that have be convert into a classroom , edwina , a tightly - wound , delicate beauty in she late-twenty , instruct a class of girl . she stand straight , with she high shirt collar buttone to the top and she hair pull back primly . she look confine in she tight , proper clothing . edwina speak in a gentle , well - breed manner and soft voice , as she make herself a example of a Southern lady to she student . there be four girl listen : alicia , 17 , a bored , pretty blonde with long hair stare off . her bodice slightly open , she fan herself with a notebook . close shot on a fly buzzing in the corner . alicia watch it . jane , a prim 16 - year - old with freckle , sit next to she carefully follow along . next to they be emily , a practical 15 - year-old . ( continued ) they face be pink and dewy in the heat of the room , and they be all dress in plain , long dress of the period , fade after be wash and mend many time . some of they be half - dress in petticoat . there be a blackboard propped up with a sentence in french write on it . edwina Le mari de Marie est ici a Paris aujourd 'hui . the girl repeat after she in unison . alicia be pouty as if she have better thing to be do . CUT to : ext . kitchen garden - day the SOUND of a bell ringing break the silence of the hot day . in the bright sun , a woman with a large sun hat turn to reveal : miss martha farnsworth , 40 's , a pale , wear , Southern beauty . with elegant posture , she look like a lady , not accustom to work outside in the kitchen garden . she turn to marie , a dark - haire 12 - year - old who be help beside she . the bell ring again , and miss martha lift she skirt hem and rush to the gate , follow by Marie . miss martha can not be the patrol , they be just here . CUT to : ext . mansion - day wide shot miss martha and Marie rush to the front gate . a voice call out from a window above . emily ( 0.s. ) Amy and somebody 's there ! the bell clang again . ( continued ) amy help ! miss martha ! miss farnsworth swiftly move to Amy who be halfway up the walk to the large house . mcburney lie on the ground in front of she . the other girl rush out to they . miss martha 's hat have fall behind she , she hair be sweep up off she face . Jane lean in to get a better look at the stranger . jane be he dead ? miss martha check he pulse . miss martha not yet . she turn to Amy . miss martha ( cont 'd ) ( sternly ) how would he get here ? amy the wood be burn , I could not leave he there to die . the girl all gather around he . martha you know you be not suppose to go that far ! she look at mcburney lay on the ground . miss martha we will get he to the porch for now . you can all help , edwina take he leg ... edwina yes , miss martha . the girl surround mcburney . ( continued ) mcburney open he eye , and look up at : the back - lit group of curious , flushed - face girl , look down on he . they hair range from sandy blonde to chestnut brown . with a weak smile -- be he dream ? -- he turn he head a little to see : miss martha glaring down at he severely . mcburney sixty - Sixth New York , mar ’am , and you grateful prisoner . jane a real blue belly ! wider on the group as they lift he dead weight . stand tall and efficient , miss martha help the young girl where he body be drop . they start to make they way toward the porch . jane ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) you know they rape every Southern woman they come across ... miss martha stop that nonsense , Jane ! marie ( in awe , stare down at he ) you would not know from he face that he be a yankee , would you ? miss martha run ahead , Amy , and open the door for we . and then you come right back here and tie that blue rag on the gate ... alicia ( maliciously , she bend down to inform mcburney ) ( more ) ( continued ) alicia ( cont 'd ) the blue rag 's so the patrol will know we have capture a live yankee ... mcburney 's eye open briefly , he look with pain and fear . alicia look down at he through she hair , with a haughty look . ext . mansion porch - day the group reach the porch . we see the beautiful facade of the house with the great column rise behind they . they struggle to get mcburney up the step . miss martha nod . she brace she back against a column as they set he down . emily be he breathe ? miss martha why do not you call out before , Emily ? you must have see they crossing the field ! emily I be sorry miss martha . I forget it be my turn to look out . miss martha someday you will forget and it 'il be Union scrounger in we garden ! that 's how we lose most of we chicken . the girl cluster around he , fascinate . miss martha ( cont ’d ) Marie , you get up and look if you can see any of we soldier . Marie reluctantly leave they . ( continued ) 10 . edwina we ought to wash he wound . miss martha and sew it up . Amy -- do not I tell you to go tie that blue rag on the gate for the patrol ? Amy reluctantly start to go . amy could not we wait a bit ? edwina after all the blood he 's lose , he would die if he go now . the girl look at miss martha . amy would not it be the Christian thing to do ? she look at he . miss martha yes , and you be quite right , edwina , he have never make it . we will wait until he 's in shape to be take away . Emily , put some water on to boil . Jane , alicia , find any cloth we can spare and bring it to the music room . miss martha and the other use all they strength to bring he inside . the door of the mansion close behind they . we hear the roar of battle in the distance . CUT to : int . music room - day Soft light come in through the sheer curtain . a shroud harp and harpsichord stand in the corner of the music room with a few music stand and gold chair . ( continued ) 11. family portrait hang on the wall from another time , when concert be hold . there be fade linen and other remnant from the mansion 's former glory . close shot miss martha 's steady hand with shear as she cut the fabric of the pants of mcburney 's uniform . close shot torn pants fall on the floor . close on miss martha she see he nakedness -- then look away , compose herself to she ladylike way . she cover he with a piece of linen . mcburney lie on a pale day bed , unconscious and pale under he thick beard . bead of sweat form on he forehead . his hand be bandage and he be naked , other than a cloth across he lap . edwina carefully put a soft pillow under he head . miss martha I need more cloth please , edwina . anything you can find . edwina yes , miss martha . miss martha be lean forward , stitching he wound . a strand of she pin - back hair have fall forward in she work ; she push it back , in concentration . her brow perspire . edwina move a pot of water , as she go for the cloth . mcburney 's belt be drape over a chair . miss martha there 's enough metal in there to shoe a horse ... I think I get most of it . edwina with flushed cheek , look down on mcburney 's handsome face . ( continued ) 12. close shot edwina 's hand dip a cloth into a bowl of water . she wring it out -- water drip . close shot edwina 's hand wipe the cloth over mcburney 's forehead . a slight moan from mcburney , still unconscious . close on she hand and cloth wiping soot off of he face . Water drip down he face , on to he scruffy beard , down he smooth chest . she carefully wipe he chest . miss martha finish up she work . edwina , on the verge of fainting , steady herself with the back of a chair . miss martha ( cont ’d ) edwina , please get more water and I 'il bathe he . I be go to get he a clean nightshirt . edwina ( softly ) yes , miss martha . edwina follow miss martha to the door . edwina glance back at mcburney . miss martha open the door wide -- swiftly . in the doorway , the school girl all crowd around try to get a glimpse of the man , scatter backwards , catch . miss martha I think so ! alicia ( almost hopefully ) be he go to die ? miss martha and edwina come through the door . miss martha shut it behind she . miss martha not today , I do not think . ( continued ) 12a . she lock the door . ( continued ) 13. close shot the key turn in the lock and be leave there . we hear the stiff metal turn . amy then what 's 1ll happen ? miss martha we will turn he over to the patrol , of course . if by some miracle he life through the night , which I doubt . in the meantime I do not want anyone poke in here or lurking in the hall ... amy his name , in case you have wonder , be corporal John mcburney . miss martha I be afraid he will not be here long enough - dead or alive - for he name to make any difference to we . she turn to edwina . miss martha ( cont ’d ) there 's too much distraction for any more study today . edwina we have a lot of mend to do . miss martha good ! to the sewing room , all of you ! she clap she hand to shoo they away . int . sewing room - day close on a girl 's hand carefully stitching a thin piece of cloth . ( continued ) 14. edwina ( 0.s. ) careful , keep you stitches in a straight row . in a old salon , the girl sit around a table with edwina . everything in the room feel fade . the table have small piece of cloth , bit of old curtain , tablecloth , and sewing supplies . they chat as they sew . amy Jane , it 's the same for you as all of we , you do not leave because there 's nowhere for you to go ... jane there be so ! my father be with General Lee and if I so desire , soldier would come escort I to he now . alicia if anybody know where that be . emily my mother write I from Charleston that the blockade be fearful . she say I probably eat better here than I would at home . edwina you do . alicia you should have never bring that yankee here , Amy . jane I agree . he 's probably a spy and will let the blue belly in at night to raid we garden . edwina I doubt that , Jane . emily miss edwina , be not you afraid of that blue belly ? ( continued ) 15 . edwina no . and it be very bad manners to call he a blue belly . he have a name , corporal John mcburney . amy ( dreamily ) johnny ... the girl giggle . CUT to : int . music room - day mcburney be pass out , as miss martha sit next to he with a bucket of water and piece of cloth . have volunteer before as a nurse , she keep a professional posture , but it be clear that she have not see a man 's body in a long time . she push she hair back as she dip a cloth into the warm water and clean he arm carefully . sunlight outline he body as she clean he shoulder and chest . then he leg . miss martha take a deep breath , and lift the cloth cover he , as she move the cloth to he hip and inner thigh ... CUT to : int . sewing room - day the girl continue they sewing under edwina 's guidance , as the afternoon sun stream through the sheer curtain . CUT to : int . miss martha 's room - day it 's late afternoon . miss martha go to a basin and splashes water on she face , take a moment to compose herself . she smooth she hair back in place . ( continued ) 16 . her room be that of a lady of the time , with a delicate vase on a fine dresser . suddenly she 's interrupt by the sound of a loud bang -- a spoon hit a iron pot o.s . CUT to : int . music room - day extreme close up mcburney open he eye -- alarmed . his head rest on a embroider linen pillow case . CUT to : int . foyer - day miss martha rush down to see Jane and alicia . jane it 's we boy , miss martha . they 'il be pass we way . alicia 's bosom be push up in she tight bodice . alicia can not we go and greet they ? miss martha confederate soldier ? alone ? jane I think , maybe they have some prisoner . miss martha I do not want they to see you girl . go upstairs ! they run upstairs . miss martha go to the mirror in the foyer on she way out . she button she collar high and smooth she skirt . CUT to : 17 . ext . mansion - day a small group of confederate soldier march past the school 's gate . they be battle - weary , in wear uniform . behind they wagon , yankee prisoner march slowly along . miss martha open the gate to greet they . miss martha what 's the news ? confederate soldier take this yank to prison to die . a confederate captain ride up on he horse , bow he head to miss martha as he dismount . int . girl 's bedroom - day close on Amy , perch at the window ; she look down on the scene . amy you think miss martha 's go to tell they about he ? alicia , Jane , and Marie pass a row of single bed with fade blanket and quilt and lean in around Amy , try to see . there Pov : ext . mansion gate - late afternoon the Captain , now stand , talk to miss martha at the gate . she stand compose , like a lady , with a subtle tilt of she head , as if she be at the entrance of a ball . captain you all alone , mar ‘am ? miss martha just a teacher and a few student . ( continued ) 18. captain well , take care . ma ’am . lot of this yank get separate from they outfit . they be roam this wood and they be desperate . miss martha yes , Captain . I wonder if you might have a few cartridge you could spare . captain what good would that do you , mar 's be ? miss martha my father leave he revolver , and I would feel much safer know I might use it if need . he nod in respect . int . bedroom - late afternoon Girls 's Pov from the house . CUT to : they see the Captain hand miss martha a small packet . jane be she tell he ?! Jane look over Amy 's shoulder . amy ( 0.s. ) he 's give she something ? ext . mansion - late afternoon CUT to : through moss -cover tree , we see the Captain and he group start off . ( continued ) 19 . amy ( 0.s. ) they be leave , she do not tell they ! ! wide on miss martha as she stride toward the mansion . int . miss martha 's room - dusk Close with miss martha as she open a drawer and take out a revolver . she load a few cartridge into the gun , and put it back , shutting the drawer . CUT to : ext . mansion balcony - evening surrounded by mossy tree , Marie walk around on look - out as the evening sun set . we hear the sound of cicadas and cricket join in . int . hallway - evening edwina pass the music room to see the door open -- int . music room - evening in the low light , edwina pause to look through a space in the slightly open door . she see Amy inside kneel at the beside of a sleep mcburney , whisper to he . edwina shoot she a look . edwina ( try to keep she voice down ) what be you do there ! Amy look over to she in the doorway . amy I be just tell he something private . ( continued ) 19a . edwina let he rest . amy ( whisper to mcburney ) see you later . ( continued ) 20 . Amy bid adieu to sleep mcburney and head out , stop at edwina in the doorway . amy ( cont 'd ) I be just check on he . I think he might want some company . edwina be stern with she . edwina he 's not one of you wounded bird or beetle . Amy give she a look and rush out , as edwina close the door . mcburney watch she . under she tight - lace primness , it seem like edwina might burst . the door shut -- we hear the key turn the lock . CUT to : int . library - night miss martha , stand tall in she high collar , read from the bible in the candlelight . the girl all sit in attendance . edwina carefully follow along . alicia go up to miss martha and whisper to be excuse . miss martha can you wait ? alicia shake she head . miss martha ( cont ’d ) alright , then . edwina watch as alicia slip off . miss martha ( cont ’d ) do anyone wish to ask for special blessing ? ( continued ) 21 . edwina I pray that the Lord will see fit to restore the health of the wounded soldier . the girl lower they head . miss martha we will pray for he return to health and for he early departure . CUT to : int . music room - night close on mcburney as he sleep . we hear the sound of the key turn the lock . in the dark room , alicia sneak up close to he face . she touch he beard , and move in close to he , get a good look at he . she lean in and lightly kiss he lip , then kiss he longer this time . with he eye still close , he seem to kiss she back . mcburney 's eye open for a second , look lose , as if ina dream . alicia look at he , still breathe softly . alicia ( whisper ) good night , corporal . alicia sneak off before she 's catch . mcburney watch she go . CUT to : int . library - night slip in with a innocent look on she face , alicia rejoin the group in prayer . ( continued ) 21a. head be lower in the candlelight . ( continued ) 22. jane I ask God 's bless on we army , and the safe return of we boy . edwina glance up from she bible at alicia , know she be up to something . alicia give she a innocent smile like -- what ?! she slip back into she chair and bow she head with the other . she have a tiny secret smile on she lip . edwina return she head down in prayer . miss martha and we pray for that we have lose . May we all be keep from harm throughout this night . amen . girl amen . CUT to : int . stairway - night the girl follow edwina up the stair , whisper . miss martha follow behind , to keep they together , hold up a candlestick in the dark stairwell . miss martha to you room , quietly girl . fade out . fade in : ext . mansion - morning bird chirp as the sun rise over the old mansion . a cannon fire in the distance . we see some smoke far off in the distance . 23 . int . music room - morning the bird continue as Amy open the door and peek in . mcburney wink at she as she approach he . he be clean up and wear a linen man 's nightshirt . mcburney good morning . it be morning , I take ? she nod . amy it 's about six . mcburney I think as much from the lark I hear sing . amy do you like bird ? mcburney Love they . anything wild I love ... wild and free . amy I think they be robin . I can show you some nest I collect ? mcburney that would give I great pleasure . she smile . amy I better go ... miss martha 's come to fix you bandage and bring you breakfast . she slip off . mcburney okay , then . thank you , darlin 's she smile back at he as she leave . CUT to : 24 . int . kitchen - day the kitchen be busy with morning activity . Sun pour in through a window that look out over the kitchen garden . a basket of green and thick ceramic bowl sit on a side table . heavy iron pot hang by the stove , where Emily take a pot off . the girl eat porridge over the kitchen table . alicia how 's the yank doin 's ? amy he 's fine , much better ... jane how long be he go to stay in the music room ? edwina until he 's much better . jane but , how can I practice the harp with a dangerous enemy in the same room ? the other girl be use to she complain . miss martha sweep into the busy kitchen . she be more put together than usual . she pass edwina , who be wear a special dress . she wear a beautiful necklace on she pale floral dress . miss martha admire it . edwina continue to shell bean . miss martha trés jolie . she give she a load look , and then look over at the other girl . Emily have earring on and alicia have a flower in she hair . ( continued ) 24a. miss martha ( cont 'd ) ( cool amusement ) seem like the soldier be here be have a effect .... ( continued ) 25 . Amy pass with she bowl . miss martha ( cont ’d ) tell I , miss Amy , do you find any mushroom when you be out collect soldier ? amy I do , but only poisonous one I think . miss martha let 's have a look later , shall we ? amy yes , mar ’am . with she dignify posture and rustling skirt , miss martha cross frame , leave they . CUT to : ext . oak tree the sun beam through fresh linen be hang on a clothes line by edwina and Jane . int . music room - day mcburney look up with a cheerful smile as miss martha enter . some of the girl whisper and giggle as they peek in and try to get a look at he . miss martha ( to girl ) get on about you business , you have work and study to do . emily shall we not have music here this morning ? miss martha no , we shall not . please go to the library . ( continued ) 25a . she close the door on they . she go over to check on she patient . miss martha ( cont ’d ) good morning , corporal . ( continued ) 26 . he look up at she . mcburney I be disrupt you place here . miss martha indeed you be . she set to work check he bandage ; she be all business . she take he hand and examine it . close shot his hand in hers . miss martha pause a moment , look at he manly hand . she continue to dress he wound . mcburney you do not mince word , mar ’am . you speak right up , I like that . miss martha do you indeed ? and do you think it make a great difference to I whether you like it or not ? he look at she , enjoy the rally . mcburney I be sure my opinion mean nothing at all to you , mar ’am ... I be not look for you praise . miss martha be you not . what be you look for then ? mcburney whatever you can spare I . you have give I plenty and I be most appreciative . ( continued ) 27 . miss martha be not you afraid I 'il turn you over to we soldier ? mcburney no , I do not think so . I do not say you will not do it , but very likely worse thing could happen to I . I do not relish the prospect of prison , but it 's better than be dead . and that 's what I would be if you have not help I . there be something lovable about he . miss martha not necessarily . be you leg pain you ? mcburney yes , some . miss martha well , I hear that numbness would be more grave . there 's brandy if you wish . mcburney that would be a pleasure . miss martha it be not be offer for you pleasure , only for you comfort . mcburney yes , mar ’am . miss martha sit up straight . miss martha I must remind you corporal mcburney , that you be not we guest , but a most unwelcome visitor . we do not propose to entertain you here . ( continued ) 28. mcburney I would not expect it mar ’am .... though you will find I be easily amused . mcburney look to see alicia in the doorway -- with a fake innocent look on she face . she look up through blond strand of hair . miss martha turn . miss martha what be it , miss ? alicia I just wonder if there 's anything I can do to help ? mcburney look at alicia . martha notice , protectively . mcburney lie back . miss martha go back to address alicia . miss martha there be nothing you can do here . you have enough study and other work to keep you well occupy . alicia I only think to help . miss martha that will not be necessary . and miss alicia , you can tell the other this room be off limit . alicia yes , mar ’am . alicia give a insolent little curtsey , with a conspiratorial look to mcburney , she leave . mcburney you can trust I in you place , mar ’am . ( continued ) 29 . miss martha I do not know you . mcburney if you get to know I , I think you would . miss martha you will not be here that long . miss martha nod and pick up she skirt and make she way out . mcburney ma’ be ? miss martha yes corporal ? mcburney I would like a bit of soap anda razor if you have . miss martha I ’1ll see what I can find . mcburney thank you , mar ’am . he smile at she happily , like a schoolboy . miss martha leave . mcburney lie back on he bed , marvel at he fortune to find himself in such a prison . CUT to : int . parlor - day close on a hand practice cursive - write out a poem : ' never seek to tell thy love , Love that never tell can be . for the gentle wind do move silently , invisibly . 's ( continued ) 30 . edwina careful with you ' E 's ... CUT to : ext . garden - day Amy sit in a large oak tree , look out from its branch . the day seem endless . CUT to : ext . kitchen garden - day Emily and alicia hoe in the row of the vegetable garden in the hot sun . alicia 's not cut out for this kind of work . alicia be we almost do ?! emily almost ... this be the last row . some cannon , less than before , be hear in the distance . CUT to : int . music room - day edwina stand in the doorway , something in she hand . she take a moment to smooth she hair , before enter . small Marie slip past she , beat she into the room to mcburney . marie Excuse I , will not you , miss edwina ? I have some personal business here . edwina watch as Marie bring a book to mcburney , marvel about what business a twelve - year - old would have here with he . edwina wait at the door , impatiently . ( continued ) 31 . Marie speak in a low voice , keep she conversation with mcburney private . marie ( cont 'd ) I want to bring this to you last night for fear that you might die before morning , but then I think since you be unconscious , you would not be able to read it anyway . mcburney that 's very logical . marie be you Protestant ? mcburney I be baptize Catholic . marie well then , here 's a prayer book for you . mcburney thank you . marie I think you might need to confess if you be on the verge of death . mcburney I think I can hold out a little longer . he smile at she . mcburney ( cont 'd ) I be John Patrick mcburney . marie please to meet you , sir . Marie curtsey and rush out . int . hallway - day edwina turn , block Marie . ( continued ) 32 . edwina just a moment , miss . Marie stop and look at she . edwina ( cont 'd ) where do you think you be go in my jade earring ? Marie give she a cute smile . marie oh miss edwina , do not be hateful . everyone be dress up today . edwina not in my jewelry , they be not . marie I ' 1ll give they back . and how beautiful you look this morning , you be all dress up yourself . edwina I be not . marie I have not see that beautiful necklace since last Christmas . edwina get to you work . Marie duck and run past she , laugh . edwina pause , embarrassed by she un - ladylike behavior . she start to leave . mcburney ( 0.s. ) wait , do not run off when you have just come . edwina turn and see mcburney lean up , across the room . mcburney ( cont 'd ) do you want to see I about something ? edwina nod stiffly and enter . 33 . int . music room - day edwina stiffly glide over to mcburney 's bedside . she open a white handkerchief and place a small bar of lavender soap , a razor , and a tortoiseshell comb on a table next to mcburney with a pitcher of water on it . she freeze up , not know what to say . mcburney thank you very much . he recline , try to clean he black fingernails . edwina they look as if you have be try to dig a pit with they . mcburney I be . in the battle , with all that iron fly overhead , my first think be to bury myself . edwina and when you could not , you run ? mcburney I do . I surely to God do . edwina look at he , he eye smile . edwina it be not very brave of you to run . she make herself busy with some task , straighten up the table beside he . mcburney maybe not , but it be smart , I think . edwina because you be alive ? mcburney and now I have meet you . ( continued ) edwina you do not even know I . mcburney I know you name ... miss edwina morrow . edwina and what else have you be tell about I ? mcburney nothing besides you name . it 's a lovely name . she check he bandage like a kind nurse . edwina I hope the girl be not tell storey . mcburney what do you care what be say about you ? edwina I do not ... I just do not want you to have the wrong impression . edwina look at he . mcburney smile up at she warmly , he eye sparkling . she move again . mcburney then you do care what I think about you . edwina you be a stranger here , that 's all , and I do not want you to be misl . mcburney well , perhaps you can set I off on the right foot and tell I about yourself . where be you from , miss edwina morrow ? 34 . ( continued ) he take this question . 35 . edwina my father 's home be Richmond , I leave Savannah when I be quite young . we live in several place for my father 's enterprise . mcburney and , be you wait for you sweetheart to return when this war be over ? edwina I have no one in the military . in , study she . she 's uncomfortable with he mcburney and how do you end up here ? edwina why be you so interested in I ? mcburney because something tell I we be both out of place here . she look at he . mcburney ( cont 'd ) I nil bet you be the independent sort who the other do not know how to get close to , and then of course there be you look . edwina that do not matter to I . ( continued ) 36 . mcburney in all my travel , I have never come across a delicate beauty like yours . he stare at she , she turn away . he grab she arm and pull she closer to he . mcburney ( cont 'd ) tell , I miss morrow , what 's you biggest wish , if you could have anything , what would it be ? edwina anything ? mcburney anything . she be almost breathless , and give in for a moment . edwina to be take far away from here . he look into she eye . she straighten up and compose herself , stand . she smooth she hair . edwina ( cont 'd ) good day , corporal . mcburney John . she look at he and turn , take a tray from the table and glide out . CUT to : 37. int . hallway - day edwina brace herself against a wall , and after a heavy exhale , she compose herself and move on . ext . garden - day late afternoon . Jane and Marie get a pail of water from the pump . ext . balcony - late afternoon Emily be on lookout as the sun begin to set . she sing to herself . CUT to : int . girl 's room - evening close on Amy as she feed a little piece of lettuce to she pet turtle . amy here you go , Henry . she arrange a old box of she treasure , a smooth rock , a small bird 's nest . she add a brass button after show Henry . amy ( cont 'd ) Mr. mcburney give I one of he button . int . dine room - evening we follow Amy , the last one to sit at the dinner table . she take she seat and look to miss martha to see if she will be scold . miss martha , a example of perfect posture , smile at she . she lower she head . ( continued ) 37a . miss martha the eye of all wait upon thee ; and thou givest they they meat in due season . thou openest thine hand , and satisfiest the desire of every live thing . bless we and this thy gift which we receive from thy bountiful goodness , through Jesus Christ , we Lord , amen . ( continued ) 38 . girl ( in unison ) amen . miss martha look at they pleasantly as they start they meal . miss martha it have occur to I that we might all reflect on the unexpected presence of corporal mcburney in this house -- until he leg heal , of course . and we might discuss how we may practice compassion and what else we may learn from this . what do each of you think of this ? miss martha look around the table at the girl . miss martha ( cont ’d ) miss alicia , can you tell we how we may learn from he presence here ? they all look to alicia . alicia well , maybe the sight of he will remind we there be something else in the world besides lesson . miss martha it seem to I that be all there should be for any young lady you age . if we learn we lesson properly when young , we can expect a calm and happy life when we be face with the distraction of the world . n’est - ce-pas ? she look to edwina like , ' be not this so ? 's edwina nod . ( continued ) 39 . jane with the presence of this hateful enemy , he will be a constant reminder to we that the war be still go on , and the sacrifice and prayer we must make . edwina May I say , that any breath of fresh air from the outside world , I think be welcome to we all . emily I hear he say he be a mercenary , so maybe he 's not even really the enemy . amy what 's a mercenary ? alicia it mean he 's just pay by the army to fight , he 's not really fight they cause . miss martha well , we do not know about that . amy he seem to be a student of nature , so I expect to learn about foreign wildlife . edwina he seem to be a sensitive person . miss martha do he ? edwina I find he understanding . miss martha do you , indeed ? you must share more of you finding with we , edwina . ( more ) ( continued ) 39a . miss martha ( cont 'd ) as dedicated Christians , let we ask the corporal to join we in we evening prayer . 40 . int . music room - night the woman join mcburney in the candlelit room . he be clean shaven and wear a crisp shirt and trousers , propped up on pillow on the settee . miss martha since we music lesson be suspend today in order to permit the corporal to rest , why do not we have a little music now -- if corporal mcburney will not be too disturb by a little divertisement ? mcburney not at all , mar ’am , I be very fond of music . miss martha miss Jane ? jane yes , mar ’am . Jane begin play the harpsichord . mcburney why , you play beautifully miss Jane . she smile , uncomfortable so close to this enemy . miss martha do not she . alicia I can also play for you , corporal . mcburney I be sure you can . edwina give alicia a sharp look -- do you always have to be such a slut ? alicia shrug at edwina . Jane start to sing and before long they be all sing along with mcburney join in . ( continued ) 4l. Amy give mcburney a smile . the room be full of smile and merriment -- edwina and mcburney share a warm glance . alicia sneak a sultry look -- until a loud knock at the front door interrupt they . Jane stop she song . jane yankee ?! miss martha possibly not . it could be some of we own . loud knock hit the door below again . miss martha ( cont ’d ) edwina , wait here with the girl and I will go to the door . she look at edwina . miss martha ( cont ’d ) if it be yankee or unruly soldier of we own army , I will rap three time on this door . then you will take the girl out to the wood behind the garden and stay there until I come for you . she start to leave . amy what about corporal mcburney ? mcburney look as scared as the girl . miss martha he may remain where he be since he 's in no condition to leave . I be go to get the gun . be quiet in here , all of you . miss martha start to go . ( continued ) 42. amy can we cover he with something ? miss martha yes . shh . she leave . in silence , the girl lean against the door , try to hear something . we hear muffled voice . the girl hold they breath . CUT to : int . miss martha 's room - night close on miss martha 's hand take the gun from she drawer . we hear bang on the door below 0o.s. CUT to : int . hallway - night miss martha hurry down the stair . CUT to : int . foyer - night looking down the hall miss martha talk at the open door . the music room door open just a crack . the girl 's Pov watch miss martha , try to see who she be talk to . miss martha step aside and open the door wider as two man enter the house . they quickly close the door and listen to the loud , heavy footstep as the man walk down the hall . the step grow closer and closer and then stop outside the music room . ( continued ) 42a. the girl all stand completely silent and still hold they breath ... the step continue down the hall toward the kitchen . CUT to : int . music room - night the door slowly open and miss martha come in pale , but triumphant , hold the gun . she compose herself , out of breath . miss martha it 's all right . ( continued ) 43. the girl be relieved -- they can breathe again . miss martha ( cont ’d ) there be just two of they -- two cavalryman of we own . they be have something to eat in the kitchen . edwina why do they come ? miss martha to offer they assistance before the army leave this vicinity . I have not as yet mention corporal mcburney . the girl look at each other and over to mcburney -- helpless on the settee . miss martha ( cont ’d ) I might ask they to take he with they . amy but he could not ride without hurt he leg . miss martha I could tell they about he and suggest since he 's wounded that they come back for he , but that could be week or month . alicia they 'il probably insist on take he right now , and who know what 'il happen to he . marie they ’11l likely shoot he and leave he along the road . ( continued ) 44 , miss martha I could allow he to stay until he be recover and then send he on he way alone . edwina oh , yes . miss martha there be Christian charity to be consider . amy ( close to tear ) you keep talk about he as if he be some old piece of baggage , and not a kind person who be in this room . oh , please , miss martha . emily and there be the doubt if we can really consider he a enemy . they all look at miss martha . mcburney wait for he fate . miss martha I will allow corporal mcburney to remain until he leg heal . if one of you be oppose , I will tell the soldier and let they decide what to do with he . she look around at the girl . no hand be raise . miss martha ( cont ’d ) well , then . she be relieved , and seem to remember the gun in she hand . ( continued ) 45 . miss martha ( cont ’d ) when the soldier see I with this , I believe they be more frighten than I be ! they say nothing be more frightening than a startle woman with a gun . she laugh on she way out . alicia May I accompany you miss martha , to say a few word of cheer to we man ? emily I would like to come too . miss martha they seem decent enough , but there 's no need to put temptation in they way . now get to bed . the girl file by on they way . miss martha turn to mcburney . miss martha ( cont ’d ) would you care to join I for a brandy , corporal ? mcburney yes , thank you , mar ’am . ext . mansion - night the cavalryman ride off in the moonlight . the light in the house go black . int . girl 's bedroom - night as the SOUND of the horse 's hoove fade , we hear a owl outside they window . Amy , Jane , and Emily whisper from they bed in the dark room . ( continued ) 46 . jane I wonder how long he 'il stay . amy miss martha seem to be warming up to he , and I believe he like it here . emily oh , what would you know ? amy I have talk with he privately . emily you think just because you find he , you have some special relationship ... amy you be just jealous . jane shhh . CUT to : int . parlor - night miss martha sit across from mcburney in front of a fire in the small parlor . they sip brandy in the warm glow of the fire . miss martha lean back , let she guard down , relieved to be with another adult for once . miss martha what a night . mcburney it must be tiring for you . miss martha I can not say it have not be a struggle . mcburney I admire you strength . she smile in thoughtful appreciation . ( continued ) 47 . mcburney ( cont 'd ) I know it must be hard for you to be strong all the time for this girl , they be lucky to have a woman like yourself to keep go for all of they . miss martha I want to give they what they 'il need to survive in this time . it will be such a different world they 'il be go out into , I do not think they realize . mcburney they can not know what it 's like out there . miss martha sometimes I get so tired ... I pray the end be near . it 's hard to find any sense in it , how much everyone have suffer . mcburney do you have someone before the war ? miss martha I do . mcburney I be sorry . miss martha everyone have lose so much . mcburney I be a coward to leave , but you do not realize what battle really be until you have see it . miss martha it must be devastating . he look at she in appreciation of she kindness . ( continued ) mcburney I should not have be there . I have just come from Dublin , I have nothing . I take three hundred dollar to take a man 's place . 47a . ( continued ) 48. miss martha I see ... we have all do thing out of we character . we ’1ll look to it that you make you way home . thank you for you company . if you will excuse I , I must insist you rest . miss martha stand , she figure outline by the fire . mcburney good evening . miss martha good evening , corporal . she nod and walk out into the darkness . fade in : int . music room - day Sun flood in and bird chirp on a new day . mcburney -- clean -shaven and hair comb -- be stand , start to walk carefully with the help of a cane , as Amy by he side watch . miss martha enter . amy look , miss martha ! miss martha go to mcburney . miss martha now lean on the cane and you good leg . do not put any weight on you bad leg . mcburney yes , mar ’‘am . miss martha I still would not rush nature to take she course , but if you want to take the risk of reinjure you leg , feel free to do so . mcburney slip a little , and miss martha and Amy rush to help he . ( continued ) 49 . miss martha ( cont ’d ) steady , corporal ! mcburney will you help I outside , miss Amy ? amy yes , of course corporal . int . foyer - day Emily and alicia pass through . mcburney nod to they as he make he way slowly . alicia smile at he coyly . mcburney lady . alicia good-day , corporal . miss Amy , it 's you turn in the kitchen garden . emily that 's right . amy I be help the corporal , as you can see . alicia well , I be sure we could relieve you . miss martha Girls , that 's enough . I '’1l be the one to let you know whose work be need , now go on you way . Emily and alicia give Amy a bitchy look , and continue on . CUT to : ext . porch - day Amy help mcburney as he slowly move along . ( continued ) 49a , he look out over the garden . miss martha stand in the doorway nearby . ( continued ) 50 . mcburney you rose need pruning ... and that hedge be in terrible shape . the whole flower garden need help , I 'il get to it tomorrow . miss martha surtout pas . you 'il do nothing of the kind . it 's kind of you to offer but it have be neglect for some time , and it can remain that way a while longer . amy have you have much gardening experience , corporal mcburney ? mcburney oh yes , I do a good bit of it . miss martha well , if you really have a knack for gardening , you can make yourself welcome later in you convalescence . the English box hedge have not be trim properly for year now , and we have enough with keep the kitchen garden go . mcburney it would be my pleasure , mar ’am . ( continued ) 51 . ext . garden - day mcburney work in the garden in the hot sun , he look over at edwina pass . he stare at she . close on edwina over by the mossy oak with a basket of linen -- she feel he stare , and tilt she head , pretend to not notice he . CUT to : ext . garden mcburney prune a hedge . close on mcburney work up a sweat as he sharpen old garden tool on a block of granite . close shot he work a blade across the stone , as it sharpen . ext . garden - day edwina and Emily pick some vegetable in the kitchen garden . mcburney stop to watch she . close on edwina 's flushed face as she work in the garden , she steal a glance at he . CUT to : ext . garden near water basin - day mcburney continue he work pruning the rise bush and cut away dead vine . he wipe the sweat from he forehead . Amy bring he a glass of water . he thanks she with a wink and a smile . ( continued ) Amy smile . Amy beam . 52 . amy miss martha tell I to return to my lesson but I tell she all the thing you need I to do . mcburney yes , I be count on you to keep my clumsy foot away from bird 's nest and my spade from decapitate friendly worm . that plus keep I company . mcburney ( cont 'd ) do not tell anyone else , but I consider you my best friend in this place . amy you do ? mcburney of course I do , now hand I that shear , will you , my girl . they continue they work . ( continued ) 53. mcburney look up to see edwina watch he through a lace curtain . mcburney splashes water on he face from a bucket to cool off . Water drip over he . his eye meet edwina 's and she turn away . alicia and Emily wave to mcburney from nearby . he give they a nod . CUT to : ext . porch - day as Amy pass to go inside , Emily and alicia tug she braid . alicia you better not be say unkind thing about we to the corporal . Amy politely smile . amy now , why would I ever do that ? she continue on . CUT to : ext . garden by oak tree - day mcburney rest on a bench by a great oak . miss martha come over to he . ( continued ) 54 . miss martha corporal , I wonder how you leg be ? mcburney it twinge a bit now and then . miss martha I would expect that . you may recall I be oppose to you walk on it so soon , however I can appreciate you need to be active . May I check ? mcburney yes , mar ’am . he sit on a bench , as miss martha check the wound under he bandage . miss martha the stitches seem to be hold and the wound be heal nicely . mcburney when do you think I 'il be recover ? miss martha some may say you be recover now . I be sure the army surgeon would say you be ready to return to duty . mcburney so , you would like I to leave ? miss martha I do not say that . mcburney surely not , you be too polite a lady to be so blunt about it . ( continued ) miss martha I be as blunt as I need to be , corporal mcburney . since you bring it up , I will tell you that I think you leg be heal enough to leave by the end of this week . mcburney that 's in just a few day . miss martha yes , it be . mcburney where would I go ? miss martha I be afraid that be entirely you business where you go , corporal . however I should think you might find column of you troops on the main road to Richmond . he look out . mcburney you garden should have continual care , you need a full - time gardener . miss martha perhaps , but I expect we will have to do without in this time . mcburney look upset , fragile . mcburney it 's a pity be not it , that I could not have remain helpless . 55 . miss martha stare at he for a moment , and then pick up she skirt and leave , disappear into the house . CUT to : 56-57 . int . parlor - day Amy lie on a sofa cry . alicia , and Emily crowd around she . marie when ? amy I do not know exactly , but she ask he to leave . alicia we will have to make thing so pleasant for he that he will not even consider leave we , until we decide of course , that it 's time for he to go . emily we might suggest to miss martha that it would be nice if corporal mcburney could join we at the table for dinner . amy yes , he must get lonely eat alone in he room . alicia we should show he some real Southern hospitality . CUT to : ext . garden - late afternoon Jane cut some wild flower in a field , make a small bouquet . CUT to : 58. int . music room - late afternnon edwina join mcburney by the window , alone in he room . mcburney I have miss be near you . edwina have you ? she look down shyly . mcburney you have no idea how lovely you be . edwina 's stiff manner crumble . mcburney ( cont 'd ) miss farnsworth suggest it 's time for I to be on my way . edwina I do not want you to leave . mcburney I do not want to leave you , edwina . I love you . edwina please ... do not ever say that to I unless you mean it . mcburney I do . I know exactly how I feel about you from that first day I talk to you , but be afraid to say anything for fear you would never let I near you again . I be only tell you now because this may be my only chance . I realize I be not good enough for you , edwina . edwina that 's not true . mcburney I be tired of this war , I want to see the West ... ( continued ) 58a . edwina if you can get to Richmond , my father can help you . mcburney come with I . he kiss she - it knock the wind out of she . a knock at the door interrupt they . edwina , light -headed , stand up , smooth she skirt . alicia and Jane enter . alicia miss martha invite you to dine with we , corporal . mcburney thank you , that would be my great pleasure . Jane and alicia curtsey innocently . edwina rush out . CUT to : 59 . int . hallway - evening there be a flurry of activity of girl rush to they room . Amy pass edwina . amy have you hear -- the corporal be join we for dinner tonight ! evidently miss martha be fearful she might have hurt he feeling by ask he to leave so she invite he to dine with we . edwina watch she go , and rush off herself . int . girl 's room - evening Emily tighten the lace on Jane 's corset . Close up on ribbon in they hair . jane have you get it ? emily almost . the SOUND of a dinner bell ringing . CUT to : int . hallway - evening alicia look at herself in a mirror . she stare for a second and then reach up and pinch she cheek . CUT to : int . dine room - night in the glow of candlelight , mcburney be surround by the lady and girl of the farnsworth school . they be all dress up in they best . ( continued ) 60 . the evening be festive , with chatter and the pass of bowl and platter of sweet potato pie , black - eye peas and biscuit . they be all enjoy have a man at the table , but Jane be still suspicious of the Northern enemy . a radiant edwina wear a blue silk dress , that sit off she shoulder . miss martha that dress be very become on you , miss edwina . edwina thank you . alicia there might be other attractive shoulder here if we be all permit to wear such dress . miss martha it be not entirely suitable dress for a young lady school , but we know that miss edwina be accustom to town society with different view . I suggest we change the subject and that miss edwina might consider draw she shawl to prevent any other speculation on the subject . edwina demurely pull she shawl over she shoulder as alicia watch . mcburney give edwina a little smile from across the table . she smile back at he . mcburney this be the finest meal I can remember . miss martha merci beaucoup ... miss alicia make the pie herself . alicia I make apple pie . mcburney you do not say ? ( continued ) 61 . alicia smile , pleased with herself . amy I pick the apple . mcburney delicious . edwina be that my recipe , miss alicia ? Jane look at alicia . alicia be coy to edwina . alicia why , yes it be . edwina take a bite , with a glance to alicia . miss martha ( to mcburney ) we be fortunate to have have enough water for we garden . mcburney yes , mar ’am . CUT to : int . music room - night the girl be chat and Jane finish play '' concerto in B minor '' by oskar reiding on she violin for mcburney who sit nearby , listen appreciatively . mcburney that 's a beautiful song . Jane smile , flatter . alicia lean in to mcburney with baby - doll eye . alicia be not it ? I have always think it be rather romantic ... he look at she like a wolf . Jane sit down at the harpsichord and begin to play Stephen Foster 's '' Virginia Belle '' . ( continued ) 61a . edwina enter the room to see alicia lean by mcburney , flirtatiously chat with he at the window . mcburney turn to see edwina and make he way over to she with he cane . ( continued ) 62. next to edwina , he squeeze she hand reassuringly . he look at she , as she avoid he stare . he lean in and speak under he breath , as if it 's a torture burden -- to be so close to she and not grab she . mcburney my love . she look away , flustered . alicia pass by and give edwina a snotty look like -- I be the one he want . edwina look to mcburney . he lean in , whisper to she under the music , she smile and they exchange whisper plan . miss martha appear . mcburney straighten himself and bow to miss martha . miss martha May I offer you a digestif , some brandy , corporal ? mcburney yes , mar ’am . he nod to edwina and sit down with miss martha , happy to partake . miss martha my father have quite a cellar in he day . the house be full of party ... people travel from all over to come here . mcburney I will bet it be splendid here , mar ’am . miss martha it be . there be elegant dinner and ball ... carriage line up , beautiful gowns and man in full dress ... she smile and lift she glass as they sip brandy together . ( continued ) 63. mcburney a toast to you , miss martha , you must be the bravest lady I have ever know . she 's flatter . miss martha oh , all bravery be -- be do what must be do at the time . tell I , corporal , do you think this war will be over soon ? mcburney very soon , sooner than you southerner be ready to admit . miss martha I know ... mcburney and you could use some help around here . a man 's help . he sip the brandy slowly and look into she eye . miss martha tilt she head in reflection . she look up as the music end , and set down she glass . miss martha please gather for we evening prayer . miss martha start the prayer , as the other gather around in the candlelight . miss martha ( cont ’d ) dear Lord , we ask for you protection over we school and all of the brave member of we army ... amy and may we ask to look out for we friend , corporal mcburney , as he make he way . ( continued ) 64 . miss martha yes , miss Amy . corporal mcburney 's stay with we have teach we all a very important lesson , that the enemy as a individual be not what we believe . let we bow in silent meditation . the girl bow they head . alicia sneak a look to mcburney . Amy look at she , confuse . CUT to : int . hallway - night edwina pass mcburney and miss martha in the dark hallway . in the dim candlelight , edwina and mcburney exchange a know look , and edwina continue on . miss martha stop at she room . she and mcburney stand at she doorway , as she hold a candelabra , face he . be he go to join she ? she look at he , she be softer . miss martha well , good night , corporal . you will need you rest . she touch he arm . mcburney yes , mar ’am . he look at she . the moment be fill with anticipation . suddenly a door slam above , and a girl call out : jane ( 0.s. ) please ! stop it ! amy ( 0.s. ) I be not do anything ! ( continued ) 65 . continued : miss martha call up to they . miss martha Girls ! quiet down . the moment be break , mcburney look at she . miss martha give he a little curtsey . miss martha ( cont ’d ) good night , corporal . mcburney good night , mar ’am . thank you for you hospitality . miss martha go up the stair . CUT to : int . edwina 's room - night edwina wash she face carefully . close on she hand as she unfold a garment fold in paper . she hold up a parisian lace - trim nightgown that look like it 's never be wear . she carefully slip it on , and brushes she hair -- count with each stroke , as she imagine herself as a bride . edwina one , two , three , four , five , six , seven ... close shot a small bottle of perfume . extreme close up edwina put perfume behind she ear . edwina leave she door slightly ajar . she lie on she bed next to the glow of a candle , full of anticipation . we see the outline of she hair as she wait . ( continued ) 66 . we hear the sound of the house at night in almost silence . the battle seem to have move on . we hear the sound of cicadas . we hear some girl say good - night in other room . CUT to : ext . second floor balcony - night we see mcburney 's outline on the dark back balcony . CUT to : int . edwina 's room - night close on edwina -- she hear a SOUND on the step -- the wood creak . we hear a few heavy step come closer -- and then pass . barely breathe , edwina lie for a few more beat , then sit up . CUT to : int . hallway - night edwina , hold up a candlestick , carefully walk down the dark hall . we hear what sound like muffle giggle . edwina in she nightgown make she way closer to a room -- the door barely ajar , a low light seeping out . it 's quiet now . edwina wonder if she be imagine sound -- then she hear a creak and a laugh and move forward . edwina open the door to find -- her Pov : over a bare milky white ass , mcburney be in bed with alicia 's naked body on top of he . he 's grab she and clearly have a good time . ( continued ) 66a . they look up to see edwina . edwina step back -- as mcburney jump up . ( continued ) 67 . mcburney edwina ! edwina no -- int . second floor landing - night mcburney , smile with assurance , move toward edwina , as she back up in shock . he reach for she . mcburney dear edwina -- she back up towards the stair , he reach for she . she push he away , as she drop the candle and scream . in the darkness , we hear mcburney tumble down the stair , call out in agony . edwina crumple to the ground . CUT to : int . hallway - night miss martha rush out , follow by the other girl , all in nightgown . they crowd around to see -- mcburney lie unconscious at the bottom of the stair in the darkness . miss martha take a lamp , and hold it up . we see blood pool around mcburney , he leg contort . Amy , look through the stair banister , cry . amy be he dead ?! miss martha lean in to check he pulse . miss martha no , but we have to stop the bleed . edwina join they at the bottom of the stair , she tear - stain face in shock . ( continued ) 67a . miss martha ( cont ’d ) what have happen ?! jane oh , miss martha ! edwina be in shock and can not explain herself . emily be he go to die ?! miss martha ( urgent ) get some rag ! alicia come down the stair , not see the severity of it . alicia I be so shake I could hardly bring myself to leave my room . no one pay attention , miss martha rush to make a tourniquet . she be much less gentle than on he arrival . alicia ( cont 'd ) it be terrible the way he rush in , I be frighten half to death , and then edwina come out and begin fight with he . Emily bring a bowl of water . Amy have some old cloth . miss martha we have to get he to the table . help I move he . Marie come to she side . Jane recoil , the girl be scared to get closer . alicia be he go to be alright ? miss martha be quite , and help . the girl help to pick he up . 68 . int . dine room - night the woman gather around , block mcburney , who lie on the dining table . a lamp light the table from the mantle . we see they back as they look at mcburney . Jane turn to we in horror for what she see . Amy cover she mouth , as Emily usher they away . miss martha we may have to remove it . Close on mcburney 's unconscious face . edwina what ?! no ! ( continued ) 69 . alicia call down as she descend the stair . alicia ( 0.s. ) be there anything I can do ? she enter the dining room . they ignore she . miss martha focus on the patient . alicia ( cont 'd ) I be so shocked and shake , I could hardly bring myself to leave my room . miss martha be that so , miss ? alicia yes , I be asleep , when he come upstairs . Amy bring water . miss martha be you indeed ? alicia it be terrible the way he rush in , I be frighten half to death . marie what do he want ? alicia how should I know ? miss martha be quiet , all of you . alicia nothing happen , I swear ! alicia start sobbing . miss martha ( firmly ) go to you room . alicia sulk off . ( continued ) 70 . miss martha go back to the table . the girl gather around , block the gruesomeness of he injury . Amy squeeze Emily 's hand . edwina put a cold compress on mcburney 's forehead . he seem to wake up for a moment in a daze . edwina what be you go to do ? mcburney ( mutter ) I ' 1l still be leave . miss martha his leg be break badly this time . I can not repair it , I be not a surgeon . jane oh dear lord ! miss martha quiet ! marie what will you do ?! emily do not distract she ! the girl squabble . miss martha go to you room ! miss martha step aside , as the girl scurry off in tear . mcburney lie unconscious on the table . miss martha turn to edwina at the mantle . miss martha ( cont 'd ) we have to amputate . ( continued ) 71 . miss martha be stone-face . edwina what ?! no ! miss martha snap at she . miss martha do you want he to die ? a very good doctor might be able to do something ... but by the morning that leg with start to mortify ... edwina sob . miss martha ( cont ’d ) it 's the only chance he have . close on miss martha 's intense face in the lamp light . miss martha ( cont ’d ) we need more rag and the see from the smokehouse . edwina , find the anatomy book . edwina wail . CUT to black . fade in : ext . wood - dawn in the low morning fog , wide on the woman and girl of the farnsworth school gather around a small pit . some be wear black shawl . they open a blanket and drop something in with a loud thud . miss martha read a prayer , as Emily shovel dirt over the small grave . miss martha out of the depth have I cry unto thee , o Lord . Lord , hear my voice : let thine ear be attentive to the voice of my supplication . ( more ) ( continued ) 71a . miss martha ( cont 'd ) if thou , Lord , shouldest mark iniquity , o Lord , who shall stand ? but there be forgiveness with thee , that thou mayest be fear . I wait for the Lord , my soul doth wait , and in he word do I hope . my soul waiteth for the Lord more than they that watch for the morning . CUT to : 72. int . music room - day extreme close up : mcburney open he eye in confuse horror . CUT to : int . hallway - day edwina , in a pale cotton dress , sit by the door to mcburney 's room , wait in the quiet house . her head low and tired , she 's be wait a long time . suddenly the silence be interrupt by he horrify scream . mcburney ( 0.s. ) what have you do to I ?!! edwina rush to he . int . music room - day mcburney try to sit up in bed . his pale face , cover in stubble , be dark , like a break monster . edwina plead with he in tear . edwina I have be wait for day to talk to you ... he give she a hateful look -- like how can you even speak to I ? edwina ( cont 'd ) you do not know how sorry I be ! mcburney ( nastily ) about what , my leg ?! you could have stop she ! edwina cry . mcburney ( cont 'd ) ( disgust ) but , you help . miss martha rush in , Amy follow behind timidly . ( continued ) 73. miss martha what be go on here ? mcburney there you be -- the butcher ! miss martha be stoic . miss martha we save you life . Amy watch from the side , hold she turtle , afraid . mcburney look at miss martha with hatred . miss martha ( cont ’d ) we have to do it . he blast at she . mcburney I all bet you do ! do you have to do it or do you just want to punish I for not go to you room . edwina it be a accident , she save you life . mcburney you be worse than she be . do you lure I up there and plan this together ?! miss martha stand tall . mcburney ( cont 'd ) do you enjoy it ?! now you can keep I at you beck and call . edwina John -- mcburney just bring I another bottle . miss martha you have have enough . edwina try to get close to he , but he push she away . ( continued ) 74 . mcburney get away from I . Amy stare as they leave he room . mcburney ( cont 'd ) you do not tell I it be a house of mad woman . vengeful bitch ... miss martha close the door behind they . mcburney let out a horrific wail 0o.s. close shot the key turn in the lock . CUT to : ext . balcony - day wide shot Marie be on lookout . her small figure walk it 's length , look out past the mossy tree . int . hallway - day edwina pass by the close door of mcburney 's room . she stop and listen to mcburney 's muffle sobbing . her heart break for he . close on edwina - what have we become ? int . parlor - day the woman be gather around miss martha . we hear pounding from across the hall of mcburney 's rage , smash furniture . miss martha stay compose . ( continued ) 75 . amy what be we go to do , miss martha ?! emily miss Marie say she see Union troops approach . miss martha if we let he go , he ’1ll join up with they . he would tell they about we garden and we cow . jane he would lead they back here ... they all look to miss martha . close on miss martha think . miss martha exactly ... CUT to : int . music room - day it 's afternoon . with the shutter close , light seep into the dark room . alicia carefully make she way over to mcburney who 's rest on the settee . she sit beside he , and talk in she innocent baby - doll voice . she lean forward , show some cleavage . alicia how be you doin 's ? mcburney turn to she and do not answer . he look at she like -- what the fuck do you want . alicia ( cont 'd ) I try to ease miss martha 's suspicion about we ... I be so worried about you . but , I know you will be strong again soon . she touch he chest . ( continued ) 76 . mcburney shut up . alicia can I get you anything ? mcburney get I the key . alicia miss martha would know if it go miss ... you know I have get in trouble for that . mcburney just get it . alicia well , there might be another one in miss martha 's drawer with she valuable . he grab she hair and pull she head back roughly . alicia ( cont 'd ) ouch , you be hurt I . mcburney get I the key . alicia alright , I will . CUT to : ext . garden - afternoon Marie pump water into a bucket . under a large oak , Amy collect acorn . CUT to : int . hallway - afternoon Jane , in a cotton dress , with a sun hat in she hand , walk alone to the stair . ( continued ) 77 . mcburney ( 0.s. ) who 's there ? she stop when she hear mcburney through he door . jane it 's Jane . mcburney ( 0.s. ) open the door a moment , would you ? she hesitates . mcburney ( cont 'd ) please . cc.u . she peek in the key hole . she cautiously turn the key , and step back . mcburney stand in the doorway , he face be red from cry ; he 's be drink . she be startle as he come towards she . mcburney ( cont 'd ) Jane . he grab she arm . he 's desperate . mcburney ( cont 'd ) Jane . where be you go ? she 's frighten . jane I be just go out to the garden , corporal mcburney . he pull she closer , pin she against the wall . jane ( cont 'd ) please -- mcburney play a song for I . would you do that , Jane ? one of you pretty song . pretty like you . she try to lean back , he 's scary . he let go of she arm . tries to be gentle . ( continued ) 78 . mcburney ( cont 'd ) I be not really a bad fella , do you think you could put ina good word for I with miss martha and the other ? maybe thing could go back to the way they be before ... will you ask she to let I stay ? jane she seem to be do that . mcburney I mean for she to say that I be welcome , and for she to talk to I and let you all talk to I . would you ask if she would do that ? jane yes sir . you better go back inside . she close the door and hurry away . CUT to : ext . balcony - evening Emily walk on patrol as the sun set over the mansion . there 's nothing in sight ; they seem to be in the middle of nowhere . fade out . fade in : int . kitchen - morning miss martha and the other have tea at the kitchen table . jane I wish he would just leave . miss martha we have to wait until the Union troops have pass . it will not be long , I be expect we man to push they back . ( continued ) 79 . alicia oh , miss martha , I be so scared . miss martha I know , dear . alicia he say he be go to kill I if I make any noise . edwina oh , shut up . edwina shoot she a look . miss martha please . we must all be strong . he ’1ll be on he way soon . edwina he be not harm she . she be not harme , be she ? miss martha but he intend to harm she . edwina how should we know what he intention be ? miss martha do not fence with I , miss . amy I do not think he mean anyone any harm . miss martha perhaps not , but we can not be sure . suddenly a loud crashing sound come from the other room . miss martha stand up . alicia scream . mcburney stagger in on he crutch , the revolver in he hand . he be belligerent . ( continued ) 80. mcburney well , well , what be you Southern lady learn today ? the art of castration ? emily why do not you just go ? miss martha yes , why do not we help you prepare you possession and you can leave . mcburney oh , I can leave now ? just without my leg ! you be do with dress I up ? I x11 leave when I god damn want to . thing be all about to change around here . now I x11 tell you how it 's gonna be . the girl look at he glaring down at they in a stupor . mcburney ( cont 'd ) do you know why edwina push I down that stair ? and why you miss martha chop off my leg ? because I do not go to she room , or edwina 's . no , they do not like that -- he knock over a side table which crash down , a dish on it smash loudly . miss martha that 's enough . mcburney ( forcefully ) I ' 11 tell you when it 's enough . Amy approach he with she turtle in she hand . amy oh , please do not shout , corporal mcburney . you will frighten Henry here . mcburney grab the little turtle out of she small hand and throw he across the floor . ( continued ) 81. Amy bend down to she turtle in tear . she look back at mcburney like he 's a monster . with regret , he lean towards she . mcburney I be sorry , miss Amy , I do not mean to do that . amy stay away from I ! Amy cry . miss martha that 's enough . mcburney turn to miss martha . he point the gun at she . mcburney what be that ? miss martha do not drop she gaze . he feel the girl all look at he . he lower it as he drop he head . mcburney ( cont 'd ) why do not you just kill I and get it over with ... mcburney grab a mostly empty bottle from a side table and stagger out of the room . the girl sit in shock , prisoner in they house . amy oh miss martha , what be we go to do ? we hear o.s. a bottle smash in the foyer . Jane start sobbing . miss martha we be go to be alright . miss martha hold Jane 's shoulder to comfort she . ( continued ) 82. miss martha ( cont ’d ) now , miss Amy , I want you take a blue rag with you in you basket and go out front . pretend you be gather walnut , and make you way to the gate and tie it on , and then come right back . do you think you can do that ? amy yes , miss martha . miss martha then hurry right back . CUT to : ext . mansion gate - day with she basket on she arm , Amy 's back be to we as she quickly tie the blue rag on the gate . her hand tremble . a dark shadow come into frame and fall over she , with the sound of a footstep . Amy turn to see mcburney . mcburney what be you do there , miss Amy ? she look at he a beat and take off run . he try to grab she , but she get away . mcburney follow after she as fast as he can go . CUT to : int . kitchen the girl all turn as they hear Amy 's o.s. scream . miss martha get up to go out . miss martha go inside and stay there . CUT to : 83. ext . mansion - day miss martha walk carefully outside , look around . she see no one . the girl run into the house . we hear the dry grass under miss martha 's shoe . the door of the shed shut . miss martha walk towards it . CUT to : int . shed - day miss martha open the door slowly , let in a stream of light in the dark shed . we stay close with miss martha as she carefully look around , she back against the wall . suddenly mcburney appear in she face from around a corner , hold a terrify Amy . miss martha gasp . CUT to : int . parlor - day the girl move together to the parlor window to get a better look . CUT to : int . shed - day close on mcburney and miss martha face to face in the dim shed . mcburney hold the gun up close to she face . miss martha please , corporal mcburney . she look he in the eye . ( continued ) 84 . miss martha ( cont ’d ) wo not you come inside with I ? we have one more bottle of bourbon in the cellar . he look at she , and slide the gun down she cheek slowly , lowering it . he let Amy go . CUT to : ext . mansion - afternoon wide on the mansion as mcburney make he way back inside , point the gun at miss martha and Amy , shooing they inside . mcburney get back inside . CUT to : int . parlor - day the girl scramble from the window and sit , terrify . miss martha enter with Amy , follow by mcburney . miss martha stand erect , between mcburney and the girl , try to guard they in some way . mcburney look at she from the doorway , feed up . mcburney the next one of you to try something be go to be sorry . miss martha keep she voice down and control . miss martha miss Marie , please go to the cellar and fetch that last bottle of bourbon . she slip she a key , and Marie move past , avoid mcburney in the doorway . ( continued ) 85 . continued : mcburney Amy , I think we be friend ... I never mean any harm to any of you . look at I , look what you have do to I . I would rather be dead than a man without a leg , hobbling around . I see how you look at I ... you disgust and pity . he start to cry . mcburney ( cont 'd ) I be not a man , I take you kindness and trust you and you toy with I and then butcher I . the girl stare . he look up at they with a fierce look in he eye . mcburney ( cont 'd ) I have have enough with you devilment . I have get four shot leave , and the next one of you to try something be go to get it from I . the girl sit in terror . he raise he voice . mcburney ( cont 'd ) do you hear I ?! mcburney pull the trigger and shoot the chandelier . it come crash down . the girl scream , Jane cry . mcburney ( cont 'd ) the next shot be for one of you . he stagger out . the girl stare , freeze in place . they sit in silence . we hear Jane 's whimper . edwina stand up , and start to go . miss martha grab she arm to stop she . ( continued ) 86 . miss martha leave he . edwina push past she . int . hallway - day miss martha try to block edwina . miss martha do not make a fool of yourself . edwina look at she stone - face and fed-up . edwina get out of my way . miss martha no , edwina , do not . she shove miss martha out of she way roughly and move past she , determine . miss martha fall against the wall in distress . CUT to : int . music room - day mcburney lie on he bed . he look over as he door start to open slowly -- what be it now ? edwina stand in the doorway . mcburney watch as edwina enter , close the door carefully behind she . mcburney what do you want ? mcburney watch as edwina use all she strength to push a sofa across the door as a barricade . she stare at he as she walk over . he watch she approach . edwina lean down to he , brace she arm on he , and kiss he -- with all she pent - up passion . ( continued ) 87 . he grab she and pin she down , feed up with she -- he rip she dress open . she pull he down towards she . her eye plead for he . he take no mercy . CUT to : int . parlor - day miss martha sit down with the girl around she . she be concentrate on a plan . alicia you be go to just let she be alone with he like that ?! miss martha hush , alicia , we have bigger problem to solve . jane I know it be a mistake when you bring he here , Amy . miss martha do not blame she , she do it out of the goodness of she heart ... now we must think ... since no one in this house be safe as long as he remain here . it 's just a matter of how we can rid ourselves of he . emily can not we leave he back in the wood ? miss martha we can not take the risk that he 'il meet and bring he troops . emily we could hang he ?! miss martha look at she . miss martha let 's not resort to brutality ... ( continued ) 88. jane we can not go on like this with he here . miss martha we shall have to do something , and quickly , about he . I be very worried of what might happen next . amy I can tell he he 's no longer welcome around certain people , if you like . miss martha you will do nothing of the sort , miss . alicia you be a idiot if you think he 's go to take suggestion from you , Amy . amy I be try to help . miss martha Girls , please . jane will you go and get help ? miss martha I do not want to leave you here alone with he ... marie he love the mushroom . miss martha what be that ? marie the corporal sure do love the mushroom we serve he . what if Amy pick the kind -- some especially for he ? miss martha look at she , get she drift . ( continued ) 89 . miss martha I see . a beat . miss martha ( cont ’d ) do you think you could do that , Amy ? find some mushroom for the corporal ? Amy look at she . miss martha ( cont 'd ) you will have to be very careful that he do not notice you leave the house . miss martha grasp Amy 's wrist in emphasis . Amy look she in the eye , determine . amy yes , miss martha . miss martha address the group . miss martha we will make he a nice supper , we can invite he for a send -off ... we will get out that smoke ham and make some biscuit and a bowl of you mushroom sauteed in butter and wine ... CUT to : int . music room - late afternoon close on mcburney and edwina asleep in bed , she face rest against he chest . ext . field near wood - late afternoon in the late afternoon sun , Amy walk with she basket , stop here and there to pick mushroom . fade out . 90 . int . miss martha 's room - evening alone in she room , miss martha kneel and pray . CUT to : int . alicia 's room - night close on alicia in a mirror as she button up a special dress . CUT to : int . girl 's room - night close on Amy and Jane braid they hair , in quiet concentration . the room be quiet . the sound of cicadas start outside the window . CUT to : int . hallway - night in the dim candlelight , miss martha walk down the hall with a quiet , determine reserve . CUT to : int . dine room - night a beautiful table be set with candle , wildflower and platter of food . miss martha and the rest of the household sit around the table , dress up in they finery . miss martha wear taffeta and earring , the girl in they holiday dress . miss martha and the girl look up as mcburney come in follow by edwina . he be wear he wash and mend uniform . mcburney smile at the warm hospitality . edwina , at he side , have she hair down and wear a pretty dress . with she flushed cheek , for the first time she look unwound . ( continued ) 90a . she smile at mcburney as they look at each other like -- be not this nice ? they sit down and join the party . the girl pass the platter around . edwina be oblivious to they plan . ( continued ) 91 . miss martha corporal , we would like to let you know that we harbor no ill feeling , and make this meal in commemoration of you journey ahead . mcburney thank you for excuse my outburst . miss martha think nothing of it . mcburney and thank you for this -- this look like just about the finest meal I have ever see . edwina be pleased that harmony be restore . Jane look across at Emily . platter be pass around with the ham , corn bread , green . miss martha bon appetit . oh , wait -- wait . we have not say grace . they put the platter down . everyone lower they head . miss martha ( cont ’d ) the Lord be gracious and full of compassion ; slow to anger , and of great mercy . bless we and this thy gift which we receive from thy bountiful goodness , through Jesus Christ , we Lord , amen . miss martha look up . girl amen . the girl pass the platter . ( continued ) q1a . miss martha where be the mushroom ? jane here they be . ( continued ) 92 . she pass they . wine be pour for mcburney . miss martha miss Amelia pick this mushroom today . who would like some ? corporal ? mcburney yes , mar ’am , I be fond of they . edwina look at he with love . Close on the bowl of mushroom be pass over to he silently , from girl to girl , no one take any . the bowl be hand to mcburney . all eye be on he . mcburney ( cont 'd ) what about you , miss morrow ? Jane and Emily look to edwina who be oblivious and lose in romantic thought . she speak with a gentle smile . edwina thank you . he start to serve she some . the girl look at each other . amy but , miss edwina , you do not like mushroom . Jane and Emily stare . edwina it 's true , I do not really . mcburney all right , then . he help himself . ( continued ) 93. mcburney ( cont 'd ) they look mighty tasty ... and I be hungry ! he give a look to edwina . she giggle . Amy stare as mcburney pile the mushroom on he plate . mcburney ( cont 'd ) mmmm ... miss Amy , you pick this yourself ? Amy nod . close on Amy 's hand under the table as she squeeze the girl next to she . they all watch as mcburney eat up the mushroom , wash they down with wine . he smile , he mouth full of food . mcburney ( cont 'd ) I do not plan to stay here much longer , but while I be here , I will try to make it up to you for all the unfortunate thing that happen . miss martha smile graciously at he . he take another big forkful of mushroom and swallow they down with more wine . the girl watch he . mcburney with perspiration on he forehead , try to unloosen he collar . he start to choke , realize something be wrong . he look up . the united woman calmly watch . edwina grasp he , in confuse desperation . edwina John ? John ? c.u. mcburney , on the verge of unconsciousness , look at they all , realize ... ( continued ) 94 , mcburney collapse to the floor . edwina fall down to he . she try to lift he heavy unconscious body . it 's no use . CUT to black . fade up : ext . mansion - day bird chirp on a sunny day . close shot a girl 's hand tie a blue rag on the gate . CUT to : ext . porch - day close shot a girl 's hand sew thread through dark fabric . miss martha ( 0.s. ) keep you stitches in a straight line like I show you . we see the girl kneel around they project on the front porch as miss martha loom over they . edwina , completely break , be in a numb daze at she side . martha give she a nod . martha edwina . edwina , look up at she . edwina ( softly ) yes , miss martha . she take she old place at martha 's side , oversee the girl 's work . edwina ( cont 'd ) not so tight , miss Jane . CUT to : 95 . ext . mansion gate - day wide shot - the mansion the girl carry the body bag down the walkway towards the gate , and drop it there . ext . mansion - day view through the bar of the gate : the woman and girl of the farnsworth school , in they fade dress , sit on the grand porch , wait . CUT to black .