" the jackie robinson story " screenplay by Arthur Mann and lawrence Taylor draft script 1950 effect in complete silence the silhouett grey shadow of a baseball player at bat fill the screen . the background be a tone of black . the player stand motionless for a few second and then commence waggling he bat as if prepare to hit . since he be a right hand hitter he stand front to audience and watch for the ball to come from he leave . slowly he end he waggling by pull he bat way back , stand thus pose a moment ... then swing hard . instantly we hear the familiar crack of bat against ball . almost simultaneously there be the roar of a baseball crowd , we music come in , and we picture title , the jackie robinson story , hit the screen . now , as subtitles appear , they show against a continuation of other baseball scene in silhouette : a figure run , slide , jump for a high ball , throw , etc . with the end of the title we dissolve : stock shot professional baseball scene vintage of 1919 : crowd in park , fly pennant , action on the diamond . closeup on one of the park pennant we read the inscription : world series , 1919 . cincinnati versus . chicago . stock shot we continue the stock shot now , perhaps even show closeup of such baseball immortal as mention by we narrator ( a phantom voice never identify ) whom we now hear . narrator in 1919 american professional baseball , slowed down by World War I , be pick up speed again . it have its Babe Ruth who be astounding the country by hit 29 homer for Boston , its ty cobb then wind up a Hall of Fame career by lead the american League in hit with a .384 average , ty 's great contemporary in Cleveland , tris speaker , its great pitcher , walter Johnson , burleigh grime , herb pennock ... and , down in Georgia , it have something else ... come up . name ? Jackie Robinson . Race ? negro. occupation ? infant in he mother 's arm . georgia ' cropper country panoramic ( stock ) drab , flat road long shot into the scene , far distance , move a rude , mule - draw wagon . the wagon full shot holding the rein be a old negro in well - wear , farmhand clothes . beside he on the seat and hold a sleep baby in she arm be a negro woman , about thirty . she be dress in the best that a poor woman of she time and place might be able to afford -- a store suit , but re-tailored to fit , and neatly press . between they sit a two year old girl , also in she starch best . behind , stand and sit amidst some cheap suitcase , be three other child , two boy and a girl , from four to ten year of age . same - closer the cry of a far- off train whistle come to the group . the mother shift about in a expression of nervousness and glance back at the child behind she . the whistle have cause excitement among they . the oldest girl lean forward to she mother eagerly , apparently wonder about the train . girl - mother close shot the mind of the mother be too pre-occupy to permit she to give the girl more than a fleeting smile and then she turn back . narrator in the family history of every live american , except for the american indian , there be the story of migration and settling and be - settling . either the american himself , or a ancestor , have to travel to get where that american be today . Jackie Robinson be raise in pasadena , California . this be how he mother , a widow , bring he and he brother and sister out of Georgia . the wagon long shot the old man be whipping up he mule to hurry they along . dissolve : double seat in day coach - night medium shot the mother and she brood be asleep . she be against the window , the baby still in she arm , and she head fall back against the headrest . alongside she be curl the two - year old girl . half -sitting , half - slump against each other on the seat opposite be the next two youngest child , and lie on blanket on the floor between the seat be cramped the oldest child . once , as the narrator talk , the mother open she eye slowly , look she child over , make a slight re-adjustment of position here and there among they , then let she head fall back again . dissolve : establishing shot - railroad station - pasadena california - day - ( stock ) a taxi in front of the station take on Mrs. Robinson and she child . the driver help with they luggage and then pull away from the station . except for music , the scene be silent . int . taxi - ( process ) Mrs. Robinson and the child in the taxi as they look out at the scene . ( stock shot of pasadena 's business section , then of the residential area be to be inter-cut . ) WASHINGTON elementary school - day medium shot - as from taxicab as child leave school , trooping out noisily and happily . among the child be several negroes . int . taxi - ( process ) the child and the mother gaze intently as they note negro pupil among the white child . then they gaze at each other as if it be something hard to believe . close on two of the child - ( process ) as they turn they head to continue look at the school even though the taxi be now some distance past it . taxi drive into negro district as camera follows taxi , we see that we be now in a low - priced area of home , store , etc . narrator they have never see anything like the city that be to be they new home . they look and wonder and the mother tell herself that sooner or later they would be well , if humbly , settle there ... and -- in time -- they be ... and very humbly ... as narration fade , we dissolve : STREET scene long a nine year old color boy be run towards the Robinson home in high excitement . he be carry a fielder 's glove at which he have to glance every other second though he be in full flight . narrator ( talk through the follow scene as well ) this be not Jackie -- but when he be nine , and the family could not afford to get he a baseball glove , this be how he mother help he make a necessary adjustment to life . Jackie have find a old , dilapidate glove ... robinson home mo . shot the kid leap up the stair and into the house . robinson kitchen mo . shot the kid slide into the kitchen , hold the glove out to Mrs. Robinson who be turn around from the gas range , and talk to she eagerly . mrs . robinson closeup she take the glove , examine it , and have to smile . it be badly fray , the side stitching burst in a number of place , and pad extrude . nevertheless , she nod and turn away ... kitchen mo . shot Mrs. Robinson take a sewing kit out of a drawer , the kid hopping around just in back of she and get he head in she way . she go to table , sit down , and commence thread a needle . mrs . robinson and boy close she start to take the first stitch . he ask she something anxiously . she nod reassuringly and he face light up with a heart - wide grin . dissolve : STREET scene - day mo . shot the same boy stand at a street corner , a bunch of newspaper at he foot , a dozen or so more under he arm , sell papers , both to car patron and to pedestrian . narrator between work and school Jackie , like this boy , do not have all the time in the world to play ... the boy turn he back to camera as he sell a newspaper and we see the glove stick partially out of he back pocket . narrator ... but he always keep he glove handy ... ext . empty play lot long shot running onto a empty lot where several other boy be play ball in a make - shift game , be Jackie . one of the boy bat out a fly and Jackie scoot after it . fade out : fade in : ( note : the follow shot , illustrate narrator 's talk , be quick , almost montage view , take against any studio background already up and available . they be all angle to keep face of boy unrecognizable ... and as shot progress boy get bigger to indicate he growth . ) interior Boy mop a floor . exterior Boy deliver package to woman who open door . exterior Boy pile up scrap lumber in corner of yard . exterior Boy push hand - truck load with sack . exterior Boy drive small delivery truck , stop and jump out with parcel . narrator ( against above ) all the thing that boy find to do when they have to work through they schoolhood year , Jackie do ... establishing shot - athletic field - day - ( stock ) track event in progress . student and fan watch . narrator ... yet he manage to make time for sport as well . broad jump pit long shot - ( stock ) we get a bare flash of a young negro lad in track suit take he run and launching into a broad jump . narrator this still be not Jackie , but when he attend pasadena junior College he lead in all sport , break the National junior College run broad jump record with a leap of 25 foot , six inch -- a record set a few year earlier by he own brother , mack ! aerial shot - los angele memorial coliseum - day football game in progress - ( stock ) ext . coliseum - day full shot - ( stock ) football game in progress , thousand of fan watch . long shot - playing field the two team in position to start a play - ( stock ) mo . long shot the player - ( stock ) as signal be call and a runner get the ball . ( from this distance we can not recognize any player or distinguish actual number on they uniform . ) mo . shot the player with the ball break through the oppose team 's line and dash for the sideline and toward camera . narrator but this -- be -- Jackie Robinson ... as player near camera we recognize he as Jackie . over scene be heard roar of the crowd . camera hold as Jackie run into a close shot , then past camera . narrator ... play football for the University of California at Los Angeles where he have win a athletic scholarship . stock shot long any shot of a player crossing into end zone for a touchdown , as oppose player trail after he ... this , apparently , be the end of Jackie 's run . the crowd long they be cheer . football excerpts - ( stock ) montage this should be actual shot of Jackie in action against various college team during he ucla day . ( during this we should work in a studio closeup or two to let we take a good look at the man . ) each of the shot be identify by the narrator as follow : narrator against Southern California ! narrator against Oregon ! narrator against Stanford ! etc. coliseum stand medium we see small section of student body watch game . seat with two white girl companion be a attractive negro girl ( rae ) . after join crowd in a cheer one of the white girl turn to rae . white girl Jackie sure can run ! how do it feel to see you future husband go wild down there ? rae ( act take aback ) future husband ? you be faster than he be ! he have not get that far yet . white girl ( wave hand derisively ) now do not pretend , rae ! we know . ( turn to other white girl ) do not we , Claire ? as other nod -- white girl so do not pretend , rae ! rae laugh but be a little embarrassed at be kidd about it . the white girl see this and pat rae 's face , as you will to a child you be fond of , to indicate she mean no harm . football field long shot another quick shot of action on the field , with crowd roaring , as we slowly dissolve : exterior mo . shot we shot take in the tailgate of a furniture truck back close to a warehouse - like entrance or load platform . a tablet on wall of warehouse read empire storage company help identify scene . a negro of about fifty , strongly build , stand on truck tailgate wait . Jackie , head hide under huge club chair which he be carry , walk into scene from warehouse . narrator it be not all touchdown and cheer , however . there be also work ... Jackie swing chair to truck where older man grab it . jackie ( wiping perspiration ) that 's the last one , Jake . Jake settles chair down , lean against it . jake I see you play yesterday . jackie ( pleased ) yeah ? like the game ? jake ( judiciously ) it be good . you be good . but what 's the use if you get to do this kind of work ? I do not have to go to no college to get this job . jackie ( smile , after pause ) you see , Jake , you be smarter than I be . Jake study Jackie a moment , and then , with a slow , know smile , lift chair up and disappear into truck with it . ext . ucla campus panoramic - ( stock ) General shot campus show college building b.g. and student either wander around or loung on ground . narrator and there be always study to be do . tree trunk close Jackie sit with back propped against tree read book . rae' voice oh , I be sorry I be late . Jackie look up as rae enter scene . he would get up but she slip down beside he before he can get start . rae stay put . I be hold up by Claire King . she just want to talk . jackie ( indicate he book ) that 's okay . I can use all the time I can get for this . rae ( pretend affront ) oh . then I will go . Jackie instantly toss book over one shoulder and take one of rae 's hand in he so she can not get away . jackie do you say something ? rae ( pretend alarm ) you book ! what about you book ? jackie what about you ? rae have to break down and smile and they be look at each other as we fade out : fade in : football game - day - ( stock ) panoramic another game with stand load . stand section close rae and a few people around she . field - ( stock ) long a player , indistinguishable , go down under tackler . stand close rae wince as voice , o.s. , yell : voice Jackie 's down ! wow ! they sure get he that time ! a white girl sit with a boy friend in front of rae comment : girl ( indignantly ) they sure pile on to he ! boy ( brutally ) what do you think ? who would not if they have a chance to slug ... the girl poke he and indicate with she eye that rae be seat right behind they . the boy look back at rae , then at he girl again with a non-committal shrug . long shot - the field - rae' angle as the player finally unpile . however , the ball - carrier lie there and two or three of he own teammate rush toward he . quick CUT - rae - alarm close shot - the field Jackie on ground , ball under he , two or three player try to help he to he foot . while they do so , the trainer rush into scene to help they . camera hold as the trainer and another player help Jackie off the field . over scene come a cheer from the crowd , glad that Jackie be not seriously hurt . however , he do have a decide limp . closeup - rae she look greatly relieved . mo . shot - jackie , trainer and player as they walk toward camera , then past camera , on they way to dress room , o.s . mo . close - at entrance to dressing room as Jackie , the trainer and another player walk into scene and enter the dress room . all be quiet , and over scene we hear roar of the fan again . int . dressing room - day full shot light be on , there be a doctor 's bag on one of the rub - down table , a dozen or so uniform toss on various chair and on the floor near the locker . the trainer and player help Jackie up onto a table and pull he jersey off . Jackie wince . training table two shot trainer ( talk as he work ) hurt much ? jackie yes . trainer hip 's badly bruise . the player who help Jackie off the field come into shot . he be angry . player I do not know what 's wrong with that guy give it to Jackie like that . just because he 's ... trainer ( curtly ) hold it ! I know before the game they be out to watch Jackie close . the trainer on they team tell I . but it be because of he play ability and nothing else . player oh . trainer you better get back to the bench . ( to Jackie ) I be not kid about that either , Jackie . they have respect for you out there . plenty . jackie closeup Jackie mull over the trainer 's word . jackie thanks , Dick . it 's nice to know . trainer ( pleasantly ) say , Jackie . how 's you brother mack ? I remember he when he go to the University of Oregon ... and when he run in the Olympic overseas . one of the finest athlete I ever meet . jackie ( after pause ) oh , mack ? he 's fine . Fine , thank you . front step robinson home medium Jackie and rae be sit quietly on the step . Mrs. Robinson come out door just as Jackie slip he body down one step and lay he head against rae 's shoulder . Mrs. Robinson , who have some knitting in she hand , go to a chair in a dark corner of the porch . jackie - rae close rae still in some pain , be not you ? I think football be a wild game . I do not think I like it . jackie ( shifting in discomfort ) I do not myself right now . mrs . robinson's voice I think it 's disgusting ... young man batter each other ... no better than just plain old bull . Jackie give rae a amused side glance at this , then shrug . jackie well , it will not last much longer . rae why ? what be you go to do ? jackie oh ... something . this be not get I anywhere . I mean ... this be not get we anywhere . he shift about to look directly at rae with a smile . jackie and that 's serious ! rae ( embarrassed ) oh-h ! she push he head around and away from she . mrs . robinson close she see this byplay and she face soften in a smile . quietly she gather up she knitting and get up . front step medium Mrs. Robinson enter house . Jackie hear the door close and look around . then he smile down at rae who smile back in understanding . jackie - rae close rae she 's cute . jackie yeah ... rae what do you mean , Jackie ? about you go to do something ? jackie closeup jackie ( he face serious ) oh ... I mean I be too big to be just ornamental ... keeps Mom and mack hustling to pay my way ... I have get to start in be real useful ... dissolve : int . bedroom - night mo . shot - jackie he be in bed , unable to sleep . he have a school book on a table beside the bed ; a small lamp be burn . he pick up the book and study it for a few moment , but he heart be not in it . a clock on the table show that it be three o'clock in the morning . Jackie sigh deeply , then slowly start climb out of bed , still careful of he hip . int . kitchen - night medium - jackie stand by the gas range Jackie pour hot coffee into a vacuum lunch bottle . two sandwich be on a piece of paper . he cork the bottle and be wrapping up the sandwich when we hear Mrs. Robinson 's voice . mrs . robinson's voice who be that ? you , Jackie ? jackie yes , mom . mrs . robinson's voice ( alarmed ) you sick ? jackie no. just could not sleep . I be go out to see mack . want to talk to he anyway . mrs . robinson's voice can not it wait till morning ? it 's three o'clock . jackie I know . but I will not be long . I know where to find he . mrs . robinson's voice ( fade off ) Three o'clock ! my! my ! what a thing to do ... what a thing to do ... ext . pasadena STREET scene - night long Jackie walk along Colorado Avenue , or similar business street , desert and lonely at this hour except for a street cleaner in the distance . Jackie carry the lunch package in one hand , much as he would a football . sandwich and vacuum bottle be wrap in the same , tight package . trucking Jackie approach street cleaner who , however , do not hear he because of the noise of he heavy broom and the fact that park car separate the two man . jackie and car medium Jackie have reach car . he stop a second and we hear the street cleaner 's broom be push over the concrete . Jackie take a few more step , bring he past the car . he stop and turn in the direction of the street cleaner . jackie ( know it will be a surprise ) hello , mack . mack medium we see that mack , Jackie 's older brother by three year , and former University of Oregon track star , be the street cleaner . he be in the loose uniform of the town 's sanitation corps and be startle by Jackie 's word and appearance , then grin . mack what the ... what be you do here at this hour ? schoolboy should be in bed . jackie - mack jackie yeah . I could not sleep so I fix you some lunch . here ...! he throw the package like a forward pass and mack , shifting broom to crook of he elbow , snag it expertly . mack ( drop he broom ) man oh man -- I can use some ... hope you figure I be a bit hungry ... he be obviously very pleased . jackie ( chuckle ) you bet . coffee , too . mack ( indicate curb ) now you be talk . let 's sit down and take it easy for a while ... mack open the package , take a sandwich and offer one to Jackie . Jackie shake he head . mack ( take a bite ) anything bother you ? jackie yeah . I want to quit college . right after the basketball season ... when my scholarship be up . mack almost choke on he first bite . jackie ( pound mack 's back ) take it easy , boy . I do not want to lose you now . ( get serious ) you know Mom . she see I as a doctor , minister or lawyer , perhaps . I would like to please she but it just be not in I ... mack yeah . I know . jackie ( continue he think ) it would mean year more in school -- and the way I feel , I would rather work at get some kind of a sport job -- a assistant coach -- or a trainer -- something like that ... but I can not figure out which to aim at ... coach job be darn hard to get ... mack ( thoughtfully ) all I can say , Jackie , be that you ought to stay in college as long as you can -- try to graduate -- and keep at sport as hard as you can . something might turn up ... and as far as education go -- it will do you good ... then , notice the trash he have be sweeping , he smile . mack how much good -- I be not say . Jackie nod . neither of they be at all bitter about it . it be just accept . jackie sure ... I know ... but I have get to go to work . I want to marry rae . School 's one thing -- but you and Mom can not support I in marriage . during the scene , mack have continue to eat and now he open the thermos of coffee . Jackie shake he head that he do not want any and mack pour himself a cup . as he start to drink , a convertible fill with young people drive in sight , the youngster sing a football victory song . Jackie and mack watch it drive by . banner and streamer hang from the car -- all show ucla insignia . mack grin at Jackie . mack funny place for a football hero to be sit at this time of night ... Jackie grin back at he . jackie funny job you have get for a university man ... he kick at the pile of debris near they . mack grin back at he , sigh . mack ( philosophically ) that 's the way it be ... they sit in silence for a moment and camera pull back and draw away from they , they figure small against the long , lonely , dark street ... fade out : fade in : ext . ucla campus - night establishing ext . gym - night entrance a student about to enter call to another student pass by . student hey , Jerry ! go to watch basketball practice ? the pass student shake he head and point to some book he be carry to indicate he have to study . int . gym full shot a practice session be on , the player just pass the ball around and shoot basket . at the sideline stand a assistant coach . jackie mo . shot we see he run to the basket , get the ball on a pass , and shoot . catch the ball as it come through the net he sling it far upcourt . assistant coach medium coach ( call out ) all right , fellow . let 's work out in team . gym long shot the player break up into two team and take position for the start of a game . jackie and player close Jackie and the player oppose he stand together wait for the open whistle to sound . player that true , Jackie , about you quit at the end of the basketball season ? as Jackie nod -- player not even go out for baseball again ? jackie no , I be not . player do not you like baseball ? jackie can not afford to like it ! player why not ? jackie ever hear of a negro in organize ball ? game long we see a few second of game skirmish , and follow Jackie down the court in a rush towards the basket which he ultimately shoot . jackie and player close they be both panting a little now as they line up against each other again . player ( smile ) well , do not think I will miss you . I will make the first team after you be go . jackie ( with friendly dig into player 's rib ) well , I will miss you . you keep I step . the other player pull he fist back as if to sock Jackie . player get out ! kept you step ! I do not have a chance ! they be both grin as the whistle sound and they jump into play again . basketball game - ( stock ) montage we see Jackie in action against other college team during the basketball season , and over each separate game appear a title identify the particular rival college involved in the shot . after final shot we dissolve : ext . study hall long a group of student on the step of one of the campus building be read the college paper which be hold by one of they . group medium one of the student be read aloud . student " ucla lose four- letter athlete . Jackie Robinson leave school . " second student he be not kid . third student gee , that boy 's gonna leave a hole behind he hard to fill . how come ? one of the other student rub forefinger against thumb in the " money sign . " student economics , my boy . a man must live before he can play . and in order to live ... he make the money sign again as we cut go : int . dressing room medium Jackie be take he stuff from he locker and pack it in a small bag . the trainer we meet in the football sequence and a student be stand by . Jackie be explain something to they . jackie ... come out of junior College to ucla , the way I do , I only have a two - year scholarship to fit my athletic eligibility . well ... the scholarship be over . trainer be not there any way you can stay on ? jackie my mother be 63 year old . she 's work as housekeeper , may , cook , laundress , janitress and sell yard goods in a store to keep we kid go . trainer she want to do it . she must not want to see you give up now . jackie yes , she would work for the next ten year if I stay in school ... trainer well ? jackie can not take a chance . I can not expect more future than mack ... and with all he college he be not able to get anything worth while . that 's not worth ten more year of work for my mother . his pack finish , Jackie shake hand with both man . jackie luck to you , and I will take the same . trainer and student ( ad lib ) all the luck in the world . you will make out all right , Jackie . as Jackie exit the trainer turn to the student . trainer somehow it do not make sense . the only four-letter man we have have at ucla in ten year . High basketball scorer for we in both year he be here . on top of that he 's as fine a baseball player as I have ever see ... and it do not mean a thing . he 's walk out of here without anything ahead of he except a couple of game of pro-football sign up . student maybe he can have a career in professional football . trainer ( shaking he head ) Baseball be he game . student he tell everyone he do not care about baseball . trainer ( with a short smile ) yeah ... I know . what else be he go to say ? int . robinson home closeup a pair of hand count a roll of paper money , each bill be slap down on a table . camera move back to reveal Jackie stand up and count the money in front of he mother who be seat at the table . she seem puzzle as she look at the bill and then up at he . mrs . robinson what 's that , Jackie ? jackie ( still count ) money . remember , Mom ? she give he a warning glance not to joke with she . mrs . robinson what be that , Jackie ? jackie ( in mollify tone ) okay . okay , Mom . it 's a advance payment for play professional football . I be sign up to play for honolulu . he tidy up the bill and leave they in front of she as he sit down . mrs . robinson but I do not like for you to play football . be that why you quit college ? jackie no , Mom . I be go there just to play a few game . they come to I when they hear I be go to quit . we can use the money till I get what I want . so I take it . mrs . robinson honolulu 's far away . jackie I will be there and back inside of two month . she be troubled as she look at the money and then up at Jackie again . he shrug . jackie and then , maybe , I will have some answer to all the letter I have be write for a coach job . when she still do not reply he smile and reach out to pat she fold hand reassuringly . jackie it will be all right , Mom . just give I a little time and you will be proud of I . she look directly at he . mrs . robinson I be proud of you when you go to college . jackie ( gravely ) I know . but ... I do not feel proud of myself . dissolve : ext . robinson home - night full shot Jackie and rae be sit on the front step , apparently have reach a pause in they conversation which have leave they both look a little troubled . dolly shot camera move in as we hear : jackie ... May take we a little longer this way but it mean a better start ... as she nod mechanically -- jackie when it do ... uh ... ( in sudden disgust ) oh ... maybe you be right . maybe I be just go around in circle . rae turn to he quickly in sudden compunction . rae Jackie , I be sorry . I do not mean to act so cold to the idea . I be not even listen because ... because I just do not want you to go away . as he try to talk -- rae no . I know you have to do something like this to get a start . I know ... but that do not make I like it . jackie ( take she hand ) all right . and I be go around in circle . I do not know how to beat that . but rae ... there 's one thing I want you to be sure of ... as she nod -- jackie every circle come right back to you . as she face light up -- jackie and all I be worry about be get around fast enough ! they smile at each other and then rae lean she head back against Jackie 's chest . they stay like this , both gaze off , when she speak again . rae ( slowly ) I have to take my post - graduate nursing course in a hospital . I think I can get in Bellevue in New York . that 's where I will be ... jackie ( frown ) but why so far ... rae ( turn to face he ) that 's where I will be when you be ready . it 's better that way . something for I to do . you be more free ... they study each other 's face . jackie all right . dissolve : int . shipboard cabin - ( process ) close a corner of a cabin . Jackie be type away at a small table next to a porthole through which we can see a mid-ocean horizon rise and fall with the roll of the ship . next to he be a small pile of letter already write . the distant clang of ship 's bell be heard . typewriter closeup we can see that the letter be print " s.s. lurline - honolulu bound . " under it he have type the follow head and salutation : " Mr. w.j. Jeffrey athletic director overton College overton , Calif . " and that he be tapping out the first few line of he letter which begin as follow : " dear Mr. Jeffrey : in application for a athletic coach , or assistant coach , appointment at overton , I would like to submit the follow qualification ... " dissolve : montage - football scene open with stock of Hawaii , then into clip of several football game , end with a shot of a steamship leave Hawaii . dissolve : ext . robinson home - day mo . shot - jackie he be walk up to the house , carry a suitcase in each hand . camera hold as he reach front door . ext . front door close - jackie he lower suitcase and knock at the door as he find it lock . he wait a moment , get no answer , then find he own key and unlock the door . int . live room - day mo . shot as Jackie enter , place he bag on the floor and close the door behind he . he stand there for a moment , then go toward a table where there be several piece of mail . jackie at table mo . close he pick up the dozen or so letter and find that four of they be for he . he sit down , open and read they , one by one . we do not see the first two which he crumple up and drop into a wastebasket . the third one he re-read and think about for a moment , then place it to one side . the fourth he read and crumple again and discard with the other . then he rise and walk back and forth as he think . after a moment he stand at the live room window and stare out silently . close - jackie he stare out of the window , then see something , turn and head for the front door . ext . house - day mo . shot Mrs. Robinson be walk up toward the house , carry two large sack of grocery . Jackie hurry to meet she , greeting she and take the package at the same time , even as they embrace . jackie hello , Mom ... mrs . robinson ( happy to see he ) I be hope you would be here -- you telegram come just a little while ago so I go out to get some thing ... he know that she intend to get some extra-special food for a homecome dinner . camera pan they into the house . int . live room full shot Jackie and he mother enter and pass through into the kitchen . mrs . robinson ( as they walk through ) ... you do not get hurt , do you ? mo . close at kitchen door as they enter kitchen to put down the package . jackie ( as he enter ) not a scratch . get a sore arm though -- from write letter ... mrs . robinson ( as she follow he in ) letter ? some letter come for you . she come back into the live room , head for the table where Jackie pick up he mail . as Jackie reenter : mrs . robinson I put they here ... jackie I read they ... she turn to he , hope that he will have some good news . he smile at she , then move over and pick up the letter he save and hand it to she . two shot - favoring mrs . robinson as she read the letter . mrs . robinson ( thoughtfully ) what 's this National youth Association ...? jackie it 's something the government set up to help underprivileged child --- they get all sort of training --- mrs . robinson ( hopefully ) ... and they want you to be a athletic instructor ? jackie look that way ... anyway , I be take it before they change they mind ... Mrs. Robinson look at the letter again , then back at Jackie . mrs . robinson ... Pennsylvania ... ( with a smile ) you will be near rae , anyway ... she move to the sofa and sit down as she talk . mrs . robinson maybe you can be there when she graduate -- or whatever it be -- from the hospital ... jackie ( nodd ) yeah . ( josh she ) so even if we do not have a doctor in the family , we will have a register nurse , anyway ... ( reflectively ) ... I hope ... mrs . robinson why not write she and let she know ...? jackie ( nodd ) good idea . soon 's I put my stuff up ... he turn , pick up he suitcase and start through the hall door with they and we dissolve : int . hospital room - day full shot this be a room in the nurse ' quarter of a large hospital . everything white , clean , uncrowded . rae , in graduate nurse 's uniform , be seat at a desk read a letter . on the desk be a picture of Jackie -- in civilian clothes . there be a box of stationery , ink , pen , etc. , on the table in addition to several book . close - rae reading letter she shake she head , smile a bit , but with a bit of sadness . insert portion of letter " ... I be enjoy my work with the kid and the Association have be fine to I . I will be leave it soon , though , as the Army have call . but at least , I can stop worry about the future for awhile ... " back to scene rae fold the letter and smile in sad contemplation as we hear she think voice paraphrase Jackie 's last sentence : rae' voice he can stop worry now that he 's in the Army ... we know that she will really start worry . she glance at the frame photograph of he . as we look at it , Jackie 's clothes change into the uniform of a Army private . army post - ( stock ) montage if obtainable we will show quick scene of Jackie 's army life as he supervise various athletic activity . int . hospital - day rae' desk there be a picture of Jackie in the uniform of a Army private . the uniform fade and be replace by the uniform of a first lieutenant . camera pull back from photograph and we see that rae be write a letter . insert letter - rae' hand writing " ... so I will be finish with my course in two week and then go back home . when you get you Army discharge I will be wait for you in California ... " establishing shot - army post - day - ( stock ) this be suppose to be Ft. breckenridge , kentucky , although it can be any large Army installation as long as it remain unidentifiable . stock shot - soldier march , training , etc . stock shot - more soldier enter and leave barrack , etc . int . barracks ' room - day close shot - jackie he be pack a suitcase and a Army bag . camera pull back to reveal another negro officer with Jackie . this man sit on a bunk -- both be dress in they uniform . Jackie move to a chest and take some clothes and stuff they into the Army bag . then he take a photo of rae off the wall and pack that in the suitcase . the last thing he remove from the chest be a fielder 's baseball glove . roommate what you go to do with that ? jackie ( study glove ) I do not know . do not know if I will ever do anything with it again ... insert jackie' hand stuff glove into he bag . dissolve : closeup - same bag as Jackie 's reach into it and come out with the glove . there be a burst of laughter as camera pull back to show that Jackie be home and unpack he bag in front of rae , Mrs. Robinson and mack , all three of whom be laugh . rae just like you . first thing one see when you unpack be a baseball glove ... or a pair of spike shoe ... Jackie draw himself up a little stiffish and address rae in formal tone . jackie and when have you ever see I unpack before , miss isum ? rae ( embarrassed in front of Mrs. Robinson and mack ) I do not mean that I have ever see you ... why , Jackie ! what do you ... ( whirling about ) well , if that 's to be you attitude ! she flounce from room and Jackie motion to he mother and mack as he prepare to follow . jackie Excuse I . I have to effect a ... a... a rapprochement , I think they call it . he hurry after rae while Mrs. Robinson look after he and then turn to mack to ask with suspicion edging she voice : mrs . robinson what 's he mean by that ... that rapproche -- that stuff ? mack ( shaking head ) search I . we do not bother with that kind of stuff when I go to college . dissolve : ext . warehouse mo . shot same scene as scene 43 . Jake be stand on back of truck maneuver a settee onto its leg when Jackie walk into the scene and smile up at he . jackie h'ya , Jake . jake you be out of the Army a long time now , Jackie . ai not get yourself a good coach job yet ? jackie not quite . jake ( grunt ) still write letter , eh ? jackie yes . but if I do not get a answer soon I will be back here look for my old job . jake I hope that do not happen , son . but if it do ... I can sure use you . ( change tone ) why do not you go to they coach place in person instead of write they letter ? jackie you mean why do not I spend fifty dollar train fare instead of a three cent stamp ? jake ( laugh ) yeah ... I be not get all the brain in the world . ( laugh louder ) I would not even want to prove I get my share ! the two be laugh , with Jake sounding off in wild whoops , when mack 's voice be hear , o.s . mack voice ( call ) Jackie ! they stop laugh and turn around as mack run into scene carry a letter which he hand to Jackie . mack ( excited ) it just come . Jackie tear letter open . jackie closeup he be read letter . mack and jake medium mack ( to Jake ) it 's from the Kansas City monarch . it can only be one thing ... a offer . jake who be they ? mack ( surprised ) never hear of the Kansas City monarch ? it 's a professional baseball team . jake but I think professional team do not want we . mack it 's a all - color team . group Jackie look up and mack can not wait . mack well ? jackie ( a little daze ) a hundred dollar a week ... to play shortstop . Jake jump from truck and be so intrigue he take letter from Jackie to puzzle over it himself . jackie ( puzzle ) and I do not even write they . how do they know ? mack oh , they know about you from ucla and some of the pro game you play at brookside . they must have scout you . jake ( hand letter back to Jackie ) here . that 's what it say ... a hundred a week . ( study furniture on truck ) just push a little old baseball around . maybe there 's something to that college stuff after all . los angele county general hospital - ( stock ) panoramic name plate hospital closeup int . drug store close just a table in a corner at which sit Jackie and rae , the latter in white uniform of a nurse , and with coca cola bottle and glass before they . a air of sadness seem to have overcome both of they . rae ( thoughtfully ) well ... you have get to take it . I do not see what else you can do . jackie ( in same mood ) yeah ... and if I can stay with the monarch a couple of year I should be able to save up a little money . ( look at she ) maybe even enough ... ( hopefully ) maybe when I know I be set there , then ...? she nod , but not with any particular enthusiasm . Jackie note this and nod slowly in agreement with she reaction . jackie I do not blame you . gee ... a couple more year . why do not we set a wedding date for about 1960 and have it over with ? rae do not think it be funny , even if it be not mean to be . she stand up and look at she wristwatch . rae I do not know about 1960 , but in five minute I be due back in the ward . Jackie get up and put some coin on the table . jackie and tomorrow I be due in Kansas City . they stand look at each other , both with blank face , unable to fathom either how to solve they problem or what lie ahead of this new development as we fade out : fade in : establishing shot - kansas CITY - day - ( stock ) over scene be superimposed the word : kansas CITY . dissolve : ext . ballpark - day close shot - sign " MONARCHS vs. cleveland " o.s. , we hear crowd noise . ext . ballpark - day from high angle the play field . a game be in progress . wide angle shot - the stand a fair-size audience , practically all color . ext . dugout two shot Jackie , in uniform , be sit in a corner of dugout alongside a older man , apparently the manager . manager this be you first game I be go to hold you out a couple of inning but maybe you want to take a lick at bat now ? ( nodd to batter ) follow Joe . jackie ( rise ) okay . as Jackie start away -- manager and look ! uh ... we give they a show out there , Jackie . if you make a out , act mad . if you think you get a bad call on a ball , talk it up . they like that here . Jackie consider this , nod , and then walk away quietly . the manager shake he head as if doubtful that Jackie can come through on this order . sideline medium Jackie , bat in hand , move " on deck " and squat , wait he turn . batter a monarch player waggling bat viciously as if dare pitcher to throw one in the groove . umpire behind bat holding a " two - three " count up with he finger . pitcher gazing contemptuously towards batter , wind up and throw . batter strike out with a tremendous swing , he yell in fury and start pound the ground with he bat in anger . sideline medium as Jackie move to plate he pass the retire batter . the latter be still gesticulate angrily , but as he pass Jackie he wink at he and we know it be all a act for the fan . grandstand - ( stock ) as loudspeaker announcement be hear : announcer now bat for Kansas City monarch in place of rumley -- Jackie Robinson ! plate close Jackie take he stance . the catcher squat and begin talk it up . catcher ( call to pitcher ) this be a new boy , Bill . take it real easy with he . do not discourage the new boy . Nice and easy ! Nice and easy ! as the catcher be talk Jackie turn and nod to he as if grateful for the expect gentle treatment . pitcher close he act interested in what catcher be tell he , then nod as if in gentlemanly agreement with the policy of treat a new man with consideration . he begin he windup slowly but when he finally whip the ball it be with everything he 's get . plate close the ball streak past Jackie 's head so closely that he have to fall to ground to avoid get bean . as he get up , act fully bewilder , the catcher run to he and help he dust he clothes , simulate deep concern . Jackie gaze at catcher , and then at pitcher , with great suspicion . grandstand SMALL section the spectator be enjoy this byplay hugely . plate close Jackie wait and show determination to hit . he swing and hit ... but do not run . grandstand roof long the ball go high over the stand and onto the roof . pitcher a new ball be throw to he . he begin he windup and throw . plate close Jackie swing and miss , so hard that he be carry several foot from plate and end up face stand . he act angry , pull he bat back of he with one hand and look as if he be go to sling it into the seat . for a moment he stand thus , wrestle with himself almost , as if try to control he temper . there be a roar of excitement from the spectator , and then Jackie let the bat down . lower he head in deep dejection he start walk back to the dugout . the crowd 's yell now turn to laughter . dugout medium as Jackie step in to resume he seat next to manager . manager ( enthusiastic ) that be great , Jackie ! Fine stuff ! they love it . as Jackie nod -- manager but , of course , you know ... as Jackie look up -- manager you be also suppose to get a hit once in a while jackie closeup he cast a amused look at manager from under he eyebrow . jackie make up you mind . dissolve : infield long the monarch batter hit a pop fly and the side be retire . the monarch team , include Jackie who go to shortstop , take the field . the infielder snap up ground ball throw by first base and we get we first glimpse of Jackie in action as a fielder . jackie montage various shot of Jackie in action as a shortstop ; pick up a ground ball and shoot it to first , cover second and throw to first for a double play , back up the third baseman on a hot grounder and recover when the latter boot one . scoreboard close a series of cipher show three inning have be play . in the fourth inning slot the figure " 1 " appear for each team , and then further cipher appear up to the beginning of the ninth inning . infield long the monarch come run in , include Jackie who go to the bat rack . jackie close he select a bat and head for the plate . same - closer jackie at plate Jackie first take a strike , then cut at the next pitch and line a double into the field . the crowd yell . full shot - the field as Jackie run , then slide into second just in time to beat the pitch from the outfield . he get up and dust himself off as the second baseman , ball in hand , grin at he . second baseman about time you start hit , boy . Jackie grin and the second baseman return the ball to the pitcher . as he throw , Jackie suddenly light out for third and catch the pitcher flatfoote , not expect such a dare play . the crowd roar as Jackie slide safely into third . closeup - pitcher look disgust with himself . close shot - jackie on third grinning to himself . he obviously love the sport and enjoy a spectacular play . he take a long lead , teasing the pitcher . full shot - the field the next batter fly to the infield and Jackie get back to base in time . the shortstop hold the ball for a moment , then satisfied that Jackie be hold the bag , toss to the pitcher . the moment the ball leave he hand , Jackie have start for home . by the time the pitcher catch the ball and relay it to the catcher , Jackie be slide in safe at home plate . the crowd roar approval of he dare base - run . mo . shot - at dugout as Jackie return . several player grin and ad lib they approval of the way he have handle himself . as the game continue , one of the player , slim , move close to Jackie and start a conversation . slim good go . you ought to sleep well tonight . jackie I generally sleep pretty good . slim on a bus ? jackie ( thoughtfully ) that 's right . I forget we travel by bus . slim make four hundred mile jump between game . only chance we ever get to hit a bed be in a two or three game series . jackie not so good . slim it be not de luxe , brother ! montage this be design to show the nomadic life of this ballplayer . A. player pile into they own bus at night . B. player inside bus , half asleep as they travel . c. Shots of game , include Jackie get a hit . D. Bus travel again . E. player dress on bus , get into they uniform . f. player emerge from bus at ballpark , go right onto field as if they have delay game by late arrival . G. Inside bus again ; night , player asleep , some still in uniform . H. game in progress . Jackie in good field play . i. shot of fan show they appreciation of game . ext . highway - night mo . shot the monarch bus drive down highway , toward camera , which pull back and pan as it disappear down highway , L. to R . ext . highway long shot - monarch bus as it drive past . through the window we get a glimpse of the player . int . bus full in the dim illumination we can see the player , a few asleep , most sprawle out and listen to a major league night game broadcast . bus section close slim have a portable radio on he lap . Jackie be in seat behind he . radio announcer it 's two and two on greenberg as feller wind up ... and it 's ball three ... high - pitched wail from rear of bus shut off that radio ! I want to sleep . slim quiet , leander ! that 's hank greenberg at bat. ( to Jackie ) that leander ! he sleep all day out in right field . leander I do not care if it 's Duke ellington ! I want to sleep . slim ( to radio ) come on , hank . wait it out ... ' less it 's good . radio announcer there 's the windup again ... and greenberg swing at a high one and he 's out ! there be a general murmur of disgust from all in the bus . slim ( provoke ) what he bite on that for ? ( snap off radio ) ah-h ... that 's the game ! there be a lull as everyone settles back with close eye . then the plaintive voice of leander be hear again . leander hey-y-y ! slim ( angrily ) what you want now , leander ? I turn the radio off . go to sleep . leander I be not sleepy no more . I be hungry . another bus section close several player open up they eye and consider this . they look at each other and seem to indicate leander have something . driver the bus driver look back and then at the manager who occupy a front seat . slim close slim hungry ? why you ... ( on second think ) hungry ... ( look back at Jackie ) how about you ? Jackie compress he lip and nod as if it be not a bad idea at all . almost immediately other player pick up leander 's word and we hear they . player ( ad lib ) yeah ... hungry . I can eat . about time ... gotta get out of here anyway . I be for it ! driver close he check manager who nod in agreement . Driver nod back and peer ahead . ext . roadside cafe - over driver' shoulder and through bus windshield we see a forlorn - look combination fill station and lunch room , with several car park around . driver ( over shoulder ) do not look too bad ... int . bus full shot as the player , full of good humor , move around in they seat , try to see the lunch room . ext . roadside cafe mo . shot as the bus pull in and to a stop . full shot - in bus the player , Jackie include , peer through the bus window , study the almost desert roadside cafe . driver ( at they all ) whose turn ? let 's not waste time ... the player look at each other and finally slim get to he foot . he comb he hair and brushes at he clothes , try to look as presentable as possible . the other watch he as he leave the bus . ext . cafe and bus full shot slim start toward the cafe . he hesitates at the door for a moment , then enter . int . roadside cafe full shot a plain eat spot with one long counter , usual coffee urn , and wall aperture through which the chef can be see in the kitchen . Three male patron be seat together halfway down from the door , and the counterman , about thirty , be lean against the wall talk to they as slim enter . the four look towards slim without any welcome and wait till he approach . slim ( nodd ) sixteen of we ... in the bus outside . how 's chance of get a late dinner ? counterman - patron mo . close the patron look to the counterman to see what he reply will be . he note they stare and then fold he arm . counterman I be all alone here . afraid I could not handle you . the three patron now swing they stare on slim . slim close he seem not surprised and be ready with he next question . slim how about sandwich ? could you have the chef make some up for we ? counterman close he seem to be consider this but before he can answer a offstage voice be hear : voice how many of you ? kitchen window close the chef , a rugge , elderly fellow be look through the window . slim medium slim sixteen . chef close chef make you about sixteen beef , sixteen ham and egg . that be all right ? chef - slim medium slim walk to chef as he reply . slim swell . some fry potato on the side , chef ? chef ( disappear ) yup. ( o.s . ) take about twenty minute . the counterman walk into scene and stoops under counter to get a roll of paper container . counterman ( a bit sulky ) coffee for everybody ? slim yeah ... but do not pour it until the sandwich be ready , please ... so the coffee will be hot . counterman just get it ready , Bud . just get it ready . slim thanks . he indicate outside with he thumb . slim you suppose we could wash up a bit ? the counterman sneak a quick look towards window but the chef be apparently too busy to hear this . he turn back to slim . counterman sorry . it 's out of order . slim medium his face be expressionless . slim oh ... thanks . then we will go up the road and be back in fifteen minute . slim - counterman medium counterman have to leave a deposit on the sandwich in that case . slim ( reach into pocket ) sure . ext . bus - lunch room long slim leave lunch room and walk slowly to bus . int . bus medium shoot towards front entrance as slim climb aboard . slim they be feed we . that 's all . I tell they we be goin ' up the line a bit . without another word the driver start the motor up . ext . bus - road full the bus start up the highway . ext . bus - highway long we see the bus come to a stop alongside a wood section . the door open and the player straggle out . one by one they disappear from sight as they walk into the wood and bush -- as we dissolve : ext . highway - night medium the bus speed along . int . bus - night full now everyone but the driver be asleep , stretch out in the various and often grotesque posture typical of bus slumber . int . corridor medium any sort of corridor in which rae , in hospital uniform , meet another color nurse . rae carry medical tray . other nurse ' Morning , rae . I read about you Jackie last night . he 's be go great for month . he write you ? rae yes . he 's do well . except he do not like the travel . other nurse well , tell he to give it up and come back here and get a job . rae ( with slight smile ) I sure feel like it . other nurse that 's the time to write . rae ( shaking head ) I will wait . wait this long . they smile and pass on . establishing shot - chicago skyline - day - ( stock ) ext . comisky ball park - day - ( stock ) long shot ext . ball park entrance - day mo . shot toward BOX office . a sign visible : " MONARCHS vs. chicago " dissolve through : int . ball park - day full shot a fair-size crowd , player warming up on the field , but the game have not start . ext . dugout - player mo . shot several player stand near the dugout , throw ball back and forth . take it easy as they warm up . since most of they be watch that player on the field , we realize that the Chicago player be that practice ; the monarch be wait for they turn . ext . dugout different angle Jackie and slim enter the dugout from clubroom runway and notice Bill piedmont , a pitcher , sit alone , somewhat disconsolately . Jackie and slim settle down on each side of Bill . slim what 's the matter with you ? do not you pitch and win yesterday ? jackie that 's right . you be hot . bill yeah ... but there 's no future to it . slim what 'ya mean ? bill ( to Jackie ) how much do a twenty game win pitcher get pay in the major league ? jackie I do not know . thirty thousand up , maybe . bill that 's right . and I have win thirty so far ... and I will get more . slim and you be not get any thirty thousand . bill ( stare at slim ) funny boy . jackie think you could do as well in the major ? bill no . not any thirty or more . but I would sure come close to twenty ... jackie I think so . bill ( get up ) and maybe be able to save a few dollar for when my arm go ... he walk off . slim watch he and turn to Jackie . slim close slim he 's right . we be all in the same boat . get enough to get by -- but nothing to put by . slim - jackie two shot slim get up . slim well ... he do not finish but walk out on field leave Jackie alone . Jackie sit think and we can hear slim 's word echoing in he mind ... slim ( echo box ) ... enough to get by -- but nothing to put by ... someone call Jackie and he snap out of he reverie and run onto field . ext . field full center on Jackie at shortstop as play begin . we hear the crack of a bat and Jackie shoot over to he leave to make a pickup and throw out to first . it be a neat , fast play . dissolve : plate close Jackie step up to bat . radio announcer close we see he talk into he mike . announcer Jackie Robinson up again . he get a hit once and walk once . let 's see what he do now . plate close the ball flash by Jackie , low . he make no move . announcer close announcer Ball one . too low . plate Jackie waggling he bat , draw it back ... but fail to swing as the ball come by low again . umpire voice Ball two ! pitcher close he be plainly nettle as he receive ball , get catcher 's sign , and wind up . plate medium from behind catcher . we see Jackie poise to hit , the ball come ... and Jackie merely lift he elbow to let ball come through . umpire Ball ! announcer close he be laugh . announcer Jackie be not bite . they have get the wrong man . it 's ball three now and the pitcher 's on the spot . pitcher close he wipe sweat from brow . wind up and -- plate medium the ball come by and without wait for the umpire 's call Jackie toss he bat aside and make for first . announcer laugh again . announcer Ball four and Jackie walk again . he 's get eye , that boy . infield full with the first baseman in the act of toss the ball back to the pitcher -- the ball still in mid-air -- Jackie be off on a dash to second . the pitcher be rattle , fumble momentarily , and then get off a high throw . Jackie be safe on a long , hook slide . dissolve : ext . dugout medium monarch player be tumble into the dugout from the field , ad libbing about win a tough game . ext . sideline full we see Jackie lope along towards dugout . suddenly he name be call and he look towards the box . sukeforth oh , Robinson ! can I see you a minute ? Jackie pause , then veer toward the box seat . BOX seat medium sukeforth be stand as Jackie enter the scene . sukeforth extend he hand and Jackie take it ... wonder and perhaps a little suspicious that he may be deal with a crank . sukeforth my name be clyde sukeforth . I be with branch rickey ... of the Brooklyn dodger ... Jackie neither change expression nor acknowledge this in any way . sukeforth climb out of box onto field and take Jackie 's arm . sukeforth I will walk up to the dress room with you . talk to you there . they start off , Jackie still wonder . int . dressing room door medium stop outside the dress room door , sukeforth begin talk again . several monarch player , include slim , walk by and look at they curiously . sukeforth branch rickey want to see you . jackie what for ? sukeforth frankly , I do not know . can you leave for Brooklyn tonight with I ? Jackie be take aback by this , then , after study sukeforth , he suddenly nod he head . jackie sure . sukeforth ( pleased ) great ! I be at the palmer House . I will arrange for we railroad ticket and suppose you phone I at the palmer at seven ? jackie I will do that , Mr. sukeforth . they shake hand and sukeforth leave . Jackie stand look after he a moment , he head shaking in wonder . then he enter dress room . int . dressing room medium Jackie reach he locker and start pull he shirt off . slim enter scene accompany by Bill , the pitcher . slim who be that white man , Jackie ? a friend of yours ? jackie nope . Said he be a scout for the Brooklyn dodger . Said branch rickey want to see I . slim ( nudging Bill ) s'matter ? you owe rickey some money or something ? bill yeah ... what do Mr. rickey want to see you about ? jackie ( smile ) he do not say . just want to see I . maybe to see if I have get two head or something . slim what would you say ? jackie he 's get the train ticket and I be to phone he at seven at he hotel . slim better hurry up and pack . we will miss you . jackie ( laugh ) you do not think I be crazy , do you ? slim and Bill join in the laughter and Bill let he hand fall on Jackie 's shoulder . bill you will find a lot of this crank show up . I do not know what make them do it . last year I be sign to pitch for the Giants , Senators and Cincinnati . slim but none of we have ever be sign for Brooklyn yet . that 's a new one . you ought to take Bill and I out and show we a good time on the strength of that . jackie on the strength of that I be go to have dinner and go home to bed . it 's be four day since we have a bed to sleep in and I be go to get a nightful of it . bill you get something there ... fade out : fade in : int . HOTEL bedroom - night mo . shot - jackie he be in bed , sound asleep , when a knock be hear at the door . Jackie roll over a bit , pay no attention . closer - jackie as he lift he head sleepily when the knock continue , louder this time . jackie who be it ? there be silence for a moment , then a dry , angry voice be hear . man' voice Robinson ? clyde sukeforth . close up - jackie he appear stunne , be completely motionless for a moment , then snap on the bedside lamp . the room be illuminate for the first time and we see that it be a cheap one , poorly furnish . on the dresser be a frame picture of rae . jackie ( fully awake ) just a second ! he get out of bed , in he pajamas , and hurry to open the door . from he expression he still be not sure what to expect . mo . shot - at door as Jackie open it and a annoyed - look sukeforth enter . they stare at each other for a moment . sukeforth ( angrily ) what be you try to pull , Robinson ? he move into the room , angrily continue to berate Jackie . sukeforth play hard to get or something ...? or just try to make a fool out of I ? acting like a smart guy ... make I miss my train ... ( disgust ) I should have take it and not come here ... two shot - favoring jackie he be grow indignant at this treatment from a man he be not sure of . he control he temper , but nevertheless make himself plain . jackie just a minute , Mr. sukeforth -- if that 's you name ... I do not know you and you do not know I ... sukeforth look at he sharply . Jackie hesitates , then continue . jackie ... if Mr. rickey do send you to see I , then I have make a big mistake -- and I be sorry ... sukeforth do not understand for a moment . then , angrily , he reach into he pocket , bring out he wallet and give Jackie a card . insert card in jackie' hand back to scene Jackie look up from the card , puzzle . jackie it 's still hard to believe ... a lot of fellow come to the game and ... you know . sukeforth ( get Jackie 's reason ) oh ... you think I be give you the business ! I should have think of that ... Jackie relax a bit and wait for sukeforth to continue . sukeforth ( smile ) when Mr. rickey tell I to come out here and talk to you , I do not think I be hearing right myself ... but here I be ... he look around the room , then back to Jackie . jackie and you say you do not know why he want to see I . sukeforth ( no longer angry ) I do not ... ( thoughtfully ) unless ... jackie ( urging he on ) after all , there 's no chance for I in major league baseball . as sukeforth nod in agreement -- jackie so ... what ... sukeforth the only thing I can think of ... and I have get no right to suggest it ... just between we ... jackie yes ? sukeforth there 's talk about a all - negro football team be start by Mr. rickey ... the Brown dodger ... jackie oh ... so that 's it . football . sukeforth I do not know . but he want to see you and he 's pay you fare ... both way if you come back ... what do you say ... yes or no ? Jackie look around the room , plainly at a loss . sukeforth you will just have to make up you mind , quick . I can not tell you any more . I do not know any more . jackie I ... okay . sukeforth Fine . let 's pack . we leave in a hour . fade out : fade in : establishing shot - new york skyline - day - ( stock ) ebbett field - brooklyn - day - ( stock ) a game be on . int . build hallway - day mo . shot Jackie and sukeforth round a corner and walk down the hall toward camera . camera pull back and pan to a doorway on which be print : brooklyn baseball club , inc . branch rickey , President . camera hold as Jackie and sukeforth walk up to the door . sukeforth open it without knock and lead Jackie inside . int . reception room - day full shot a attractive secretary sit at a desk . two door lead into adjoin office . on the wall be sign , frame photograph of some of the old and new dodger . secretary hello , Mr. sukeforth ... Mr. rickey be expect you . sukeforth lead the way to a door mark " mr . rickey . " he open it and motion Jackie to step in first . int . rickey's office - day long on rickey , as he look up towards camera from he desk in a good-size , well - furnish office , decorate with additional picture of baseball notables -- official as well as player . rickey ( heartily ) hello , clyde ! get you man , eh ? he stand up , warm of face and manner , but we can tell from the look in he eye that he be make a quick and keen study of Jackie . rickey come in , Jackie . I be very glad to see you . desk area side shot as sukeforth and Jackie come up to desk . jackie how do you do , Mr. rickey . sukeforth yes , this be Jackie Robinson ... and it look for a while as if I be not go to get he here . rickey ( to Jackie ) sit down , will not you ? ( to sukeforth ) oh , no ? ( to Jackie ) how come ? do not like Brooklyn ? jackie close as he take a chair . jackie I have get nothing against Brooklyn . but ... uh ... on the monarch we get all kind of man who show up and talk big about signing we up for this and that . it 's a kind of a gag . rickey - jackie two shot rickey oh , sure ! sure ! sure ! but do not clyde show you he credential ? jackie yes ... we get together finally . rickey well , that 's the main thing ... and now ... jackie yes , sir ? rickey you be wonder , naturally , why I send for you . jackie more than wonder , Mr. rickey . I be most curious . although ... I sort of figure it out for myself ... rickey ( a bit surprised ) you do ? jackie well , I know you be start a all - color football team . rickey oh ! yes ! yes ! we be think about that . but ... that 's not what I want you for . ( quietly ; after pause ) Jackie , I want you for baseball . jackie - sukeforth close two shot Jackie be bewilder . he look towards sukeforth as if for help in understanding but sukeforth 's expression be just as puzzle . then Jackie turn back and he face harden a bit . jackie you say that as if you be talk about organize baseball , Mr. rickey . but I be a negro . there be none of we in big league ball . I do not understand ... desk - three shot rickey why I should want to put a negro into baseball ? jackie yes . rickey ( nodd ) I be go to tell you ... ( to sukeforth ) and you , clyde. ( look off ) because I be go to have to tell many people . Jackie and sukeforth consult each other with another glance as rickey fall silent a moment . rickey closeup lean forward to Jackie . rickey I have be look for someone like you -- a intelligent , educate , good negro ballplayer -- for some time . I need a man whose character be well regard and whose background be unblemish . as far as we can find out , you be such a man . you might as well know now ... we have do a lot of check up on you . I can tell you you life story from Georgia to where you be sit now . it may be that you will be the first negro in organize baseball . jackie closeup he be flabbergasted and , at the same time , beginning to feel a excitement which he can not well hide . but he be also puzzle , and he hand go to he chest , indicate himself , as he manage to get out one word ... jackie but ... desk area three shot as rickey stand up and shoot a finger out at Jackie as if guess what be on he mind . rickey why you ? let 's get this straight so we can all understand it . it 's too important for anyone to have a false impression . people be go to shoot at we ... we must know where we stand . I do not call you here because I want to do something for you , or for you race , or for the Brooklyn Ball Club . I want to do something for all of we ... all of we Americans . rickey turn and gaze out of the window . ext . ebbett field - ( stock ) from rickey's window the park be crowded with fan . ( the Brooklyn Ball Club office be not near ebbett field ; they be in downtown Brooklyn . but the liberty we take be not offensive and should not be objectionable to anyone . ) rickey's voice ... for year I have see and watch Americans together in the grandstand and bleacher of we country 's ball park ... negroes , white of all nationality ... baseball crowd - any park - ( stock ) montage selected to illustrate rickey 's continue speech . ( great care should be take here as the proper scene can lend point and heartwarming emphasis to this important , key scene . we see negroes and whites laugh together , grow tense together , gulp with relief as some emergency be meet . we may have a group closeup which might include ( this may have to be stage ) a american executive type , a negro and a Jew , suddenly all fill with heartbreak or dismay as a hometown hero have apparently strike out , or some other bad break have ensue . in no case need we show what they be watch . the face of the crowd can express the typical emotional situation that come up in any game . ) rickey's voice ... italian , irish , swede , Jews , Germans , chinese , Russians , japanese , czech ... and I have marvel at they fellowship , they cheer , laughter , disappointment , enthusiasm , all as one ... and all make so by the magic of a sport they all love and appreciate equally . and I could not help ask myself a question ... a long time ago ... and hundred of time since -- if Americans can find such a common meeting ground in a game ... the game of baseball ... if they can play together like this ... why can not they live together like this ... in the game of life ? office mo . over head of Jackie and sukeforth towards rickey still look out of window . he turn back and finish quietly . rickey and ... I know they can ... and maybe baseball can show the way ... because baseball be wholly and peculiarly american . jackie closeup he be look at rickey with new eye . rickey closeup rickey that 's why I call you here , Jackie . do you want to get in on it ? because it start with you ! jackie - sukeforth two shot sukeforth look to see what Jackie 's answer will be , and Jackie begin nodd slowly , and reply , not as if he be talk to rickey , but as if he be ask question of himself ... because this be serious . jackie if I be strong enough . if I should be the one on whom this all depend . when rickey remain silent -- jackie I can try . for all I have get . rickey - jackie two shot rickey ( simply ) that should be enough . but I want you to know exactly what you be get into . I will do my part . you must not let I , or all of we , down . Jackie , we can not start you with Brooklyn . it would not be fair to both of we . we do not know if you be major league or not . jackie closeup he nod . he agree . rickey we will let you try out for montreal , one of we farm team , and later hope you make Brooklyn . but aside from that , if and when we announce you for even montreal ... do you know what 's go to happen ? the papers ? people ? other player ? other club ? the reaction in the south ? jackie closeup he nod . rickey closeup rickey and if we get over that and you actually start with montreal -- will you stand what you be go to have to go through ? the razzing ... the cruel , unfair razzing that every player get , and the special razzing , the special name - call you be go to get . can you stand it ? jackie closeup he nod . rickey closeup rickey be you sure ? because ... ( face grim ) you be not go to be able to fight back ... no matter what the offense . ( emphasis ) ... no matter what the offense ! do you understand ? desk three shot both rickey and sukeforth wait for Jackie 's reply . finally it come . jackie can you use a ballplayer who have not the spirit ... to fight back ? rickey closeup it 's a poser . he rub he face , he chin , and practically he entire head . eventually he find a answer . rickey that 's what 's go to make you job so tough . no ! I want a fighter every time . I want a man in there for everything he 's get ! but ... you will have to take it ... not fight back ... and yet , do it so that somehow it 's no discredit to you ... so that somehow the crowd will sense it 's not cowardice that be stop you but something deeper . if , and when , you can put that over ... you trouble be over . no player will bother you , no man will unfairly attack you by name or epithet , when you have establish that with the baseball public . because the very core of Americans be fair play ... once they have feel the true situation involved . rickey - jackie two shot rickey stand up . Jackie follow . rickey Jackie , I know from you background that you have be spike and bean in baseball , you have be clipped and two - way tackle in football , you have be bang around on the street . that 's what you face now . and you do not dare yell copper ... or fight back . you do not dare because more than you ... much more than just you ... hang in the balance . ( extend he hand ) take a day to think it over . and think it over ! they shake . in the background , sukeforth enter the scene look a little daze at what have happen , in fact , blow off steam . int . robinson home - live room full Mrs. Robinson at table knitting as mack enter in he street - clean uniform , carry lunch pail . mack I be go , Mom . see you in the morning . the telephone ring and mack go to it . Mrs. Robinson watch . mack ( into phone ) hello ... yes , yes ... we hear the jangle of heavy coin come from the receiver as mack turn to he mother in surprise . mack it 's Jackie , Mom . he 's call from New York . also surprised , and a bit perturb , she get up and join mack . mrs . robinson New York ? what 's he doin ' there ? mack ( into phone ) hello ... yeah , Jackie , it 's I , mack . what be you ...? huh ?... the dodger ?... the dodger !... yeah ... yeah ... yeah ... Mrs. Robinson stand quietly wait , but we can tell she be die to know what it be all about . but mack be listen . then he finally talk again to Jackie . mack yes , she 's right here , Jackie . just a minute , I will tell she . ( turn to mother ) listen , mom. Jackie 's get a chance to try out for montreal -- baseball -- and maybe go with the Brooklyn baseball team afterwards . he will be the first negro in real baseball . but he have to promise that no matter what kind of trouble happen -- and there will be trouble -- mrs . robinson ( cut in ) will he get hurt ? mack oh , not actually ... but it could be nasty ... you know . but he 's get to promise not to fight back no matter what happen to he and he do not know if he can trust himself to take it . feel he will feel like only half a man . and if thing go wrong on he account it might be the end of negroes in baseball . he do not know what to do ... Mrs. Robinson reach for the phone but mack hold it away and seem surprised at what appear to be a quick decision on she part . mack what be you go to tell he ? mrs . robinson let I have the phone , mack . he give it to she . she clear she throat and then begin ... mrs . robinson Jackie ...? int . phone booth close Jackie talk into a pay station phone . jackie hello , Mom ! mack tell you ? what do you think , Mom ...? ( surprised ) what ? what ? ( laugh ) yeah ... I feel all right . yeah , I be sure . I feel swell ... but what about ...? mrs . robinson close mrs . robinson we can not advise you , son . you have to talk to somebody with better judgment . somebody in New York you can sit down with ... jackie in phone booth close jackie but I do not know anybody in New York ... mrs . robinson mrs . robinson yes , you do , son . in harlem there be church and good man at the head of they . find one . tell he . and listen . it mean as much to he as it do to you and all of we . jackie jackie ( think ) yeah ... maybe you be right , Mom . that do sound good . robinson home medium mrs . robinson ... and take good care of yourself and let we know ... what ?... no , we will not tell anyone until you let we know ... yes , just rae. good-bye . she hang up and turn from phone to mack . mack ( impressed ) that be good , Mom . how would you happen to think he could go to some church and talk to a minister ? she sit down and take up she knitting again . mrs . robinson he need help and it just naturally come to I he could go to church . ext . harlem church - night full int . rectory - night two shot Jackie and a elderly minister be seat , both silent , serious and thoughtful . Jackie seem to be wait for a opinion from the minister . the latter finally stand up and Jackie follow suit . minister ( nodd ) I understand . it 's quite a problem . ( change tone ) do you have time for a little walk , Mr. Robinson ? jackie ( puzzle ) a walk ? well ... surely , if you like . minister ( reach for hat ) let 's take one . harlem - ( stock ) effect sequence this scene , which be one of the most important in the picture , will depend almost entirely on footage available , editorial selection of scene , and technical handle . we see harlem at night and get the feel of humanity so congest , and sometimes so suppress , that it overrun its boundary both physically and emotionally . yet there be also the music and laughter of harlem , and the spirit of a people not to be overcome . song and violence , rowdy kid and sober elder , church and saloon , and always the street crowded , the building give a appearance of be stuff . intercut in this scene be the minister and Jackie , so that they appear to be look on and absorb what they see . occasionally the minister will glance at Jackie to make sure he be take it all in . occasionally he will explain what be go on ... and the dialogue for this be to be write when the proper scene be select . ext . the church - night full Jackie and the minister have arrive back at the church and stand there . jackie - minister mo . close minister that 's you people . as Jackie nod : minister I know that if you do not make good ... it may hurt we . but ... ( shrugging ) ... we always can take hurt , if there be the chance to benefit . jackie that mean I take the chance . minister ( nodd ) we all take the chance . the Lord have appoint you one of the rise man of you race . and we have get to be a rise people . the minister look at he . Jackie nod . he keep nodd as we cut to : montage a series of newspaper headline -- front page -- dodger sign negro player ! Jackie Robinson send to montreal royal negro break into big league ball ! Baseball world in furore ! down in the body of one of the newspaper storey be the follow paragraph : insert news story paragraph " in the meanwhile , there have be no comment from Jackie Robinson , who , have return to he home in pasadena , be prepare to marry miss rae isum , a schooldays sweetheart . " radio studio - announcer close a announcer be stand at a mike , read from a script he hold : announcer when branch rickey announce that Jackie Robinson have be sign and would play for the montreal farm club there be plenty of excitement . almost everybody have something to say about it -- and what 's more -- they say it !... quick cut - ( stock ) - ( all silent ) A. two man argue on a street corner . B. Men argue in bar . c. man and woman argue . D. Three negroes discuss a serious problem . E. Group at exclusive club discuss same heatedly . f. Radio commentator talk into mike . announcer again close announcer ( continue ) ... the talk come from high place in baseball as well -- with many a club owner declare that they would not stand for it . but there it be . what would they do about it ? it be something we will not know until the season start in a few week in Florida ... robinson home step - night two shot Jackie and rae be sit together . rae ( doubtfully ) you be sure you want I to come to Florida with you ? I have never be south . jackie ( nodd ) I be sure . I be very sure . not afraid , be you ?... because of all this fuss in the papers ? I have never be south either , since babyhood . rae a little . but that 's not why I wonder about come . I just do not want to be in you way . you will be busy with all that spring training ... people want to talk to you . jackie ( laugh softly ) who will want to talk to I ? they talk about I ... but not to I much . if you be not there I will just be alone once I be off the field . rae be that the way you figure it ? jackie ( smile ) why ... dem 's the condition that prevail ... like Jimmy durante say . rae ( with sidelong glance ) well ... if dem 's the condition , I will see what I can do . we cut as Jackie , pleased , start to put he arm around she . series of quick cut - ( all silent except for music ) 1 . shot of Jackie and rae get on plane . plane in flight . ( stock ) 3 . Jackie and rae get on train . 4 . train speed along . ( stock ) 5 . stock shot - Florida . Palm tree , stucco building , etc . 6 . shot of Jackie and rae enter bus . rae be about to take a seat in middle of bus when Jackie stop she and indicate she be to sit in rear of bus . 7 . rae and Jackie in bus as he point to sign near driver . 8 . sign , read : " color must sit in rear . " wipe : int . bus depot full Bus come to stop , driver open door and passenger beginning to exit . bus door medium Jackie step out and help rae down as a well - dress , middle - age negro step up to he . negro Mr. Robinson ? jackie yes ? negro ( to rae ) and Mrs. Robinson ? jackie that 's right . negro my name be gaine . I be a attorney in town . a group of we hear you be due here for spring training . we think you might not have make arrangement for a place to stay . jackie why ... we be go to find a hotel ... gaine there be no suitable hotel , Mr. Robinson . that 's why we talk it over . I would be pleased to have you stop at my home while you be here as we guest . such as it be , it be the only place available . jackie ( puzzle , look at rae ) that 's very kind of you ... but ... why ... we do not want to impose ... gaine not at all . you be a very important man to we . it will be we pleasure , I assure you . Jackie study gaine a moment and then understand . he extend he hand and both man shake . jackie ( simply ) thank you . ext . house - day full a car pull up outside a comfortable look frame house . the three , gain , Jackie and rae , get out , the two man divide the bag between they , and walk towards house . as they get near the door , it open and a dignify color woman step out and smile a welcome . from a distance we see the introduction make and the group pass inside . dissolve : dodger ' training field - ( stock ) panoramic a general view of the training field with about fifty - odd player toss the ball around . gaine ' car - ( process ) we see Jackie and gaine in car as it come to stop near field which form the b.g. Jackie , carry small zipper bag , emerge from car , wave thanks to gaine , and start away . int . dressing room - day full Jackie be buttone up he uniform and nearly a dozen reporter , most of they white , be shoot question at he . several have notebook in they hand and be write down he answer . reporter ... think you be good enough to make the dodger ? jackie do not know if I be good enough to make the montreal team -- so I be not even think about the dodger ... 2 nd reporter ( curiously ) what will you do if a pitcher try to bean you ? jackie ( grin ) same as you would . duck . the other reporter grin . 3rd reporter you hope to be a dodger sometime , do not you ? jackie ( seriously ) sure -- provide I be good enough ... 4 th reporter what about the other player ? you think there will be any trouble ? jackie ( look up ) trouble ? 2 nd reporter ( interrupt ) he mean -- do you expect to get along with the other guy --- suppose something happen -- then what ? how will it affect you ...? Jackie do not answer for a moment . then : jackie ( sincerely ) that 's too tough for I to answer . all I can say be that I be go to do my best -- as a player and on and off the field ... how it will turn out -- I do not know any more than you do ... a few start write this down and now the trainer move up in front of Jackie . trainer sorry , boy -- but you will have to continue this later -- right now Robinson 's due on the field ... the reporter understand and several move to follow Jackie as he and the trainer exit . ext . dugout - day mo . shot as Jackie , the trainer , and several reporter come up out of it and stand there for a moment . ext . playing field - full shot - there angle show ballplayer , some bat , field , throw ball , etc. o.s. , we hear the trainer 's voice : trainer' voice oh , Mr. Hopper ! at the call , a tall , grey man in he fifty , in uniform , turn around and walk toward Jackie and other , include camera . mo . shot - jackie , trainer , reporter as Mr. Hopper walk into scene and up to they . trainer Jackie -- this be Mr. Hopper -- manager of the montreal royal -- Mr. Hopper -- Jackie Robinson ... they both nod and shake hand . Hopper be a hard man to figure out . his accent be Southern -- he attitude calm and quiet . reporter get a few minute for we , Mr. Hopper ...? hopper certainly -- but let I get Jackie out there first ... he start move toward the field as he speak and Jackie follow he . then they both stop and look out toward the play field . mo . shot - from there angle almost every player on the field be look in they direction , curious about Jackie . two shot - hopper and jackie as Hopper move forward again . Jackie be a bit nervous and we can tell that Hopper know how he feel , but there be no word . panning - hopper and jackie as they move down the first base line toward a player who be toss a ball with two other man who be stand as a pair some distance away . hopper ( call out ) boy ... this be Jackie Robinson . ( to Jackie ) that 's harker , billing and piletti . catch with they a while . the player and Jackie nod . Hopper turn away and Jackie join harker who be the lone player , with billing and piletti some sixty foot away . the four we angle several shot while the follow routine take place . piletti throw the ball to harker who be alongside Jackie . harker throw it back to billing . billing should throw now to Jackie -- instead he also throw to harker . they keep this up a while , with piletti and billing never throw to Jackie , just to harker , and as it go on and the white man realize they have commit themselves to this insult , they face sharpen , the atmosphere become a little tense as indicate by the quick glance they shoot each other and the way they avoid even look at Jackie . it be he first crisis , a childish one , perhaps , but nevertheless serious . he stand quietly , he face betray nothing , but he eye just follow the ball . closeup - jackie as he study they face , he eye follow the ball in flight . he hope they might be kid he . quick cut - closeup - three player ' face from jackie' angle they face serious . it be not a gag . closeup - jackie look out toward other player on field . the playing field full shot - jackie' angle several player , include clay Hopper , who have turn around , be watch with interest , pay no attention to they own practice . mo . closeup - jackie he be troubled , not know what to do , but realize that he must do something -- yet nothing that will offend the three player who be still ignore he . he study they again . panning shot - the three camera study they face for a brief moment . we even feel that they be sorry they have do what they have , but they do not know how to get out of it without one of they turn " chicken . " closeup - jackie he take a breath and move a step closer to harker . the four piletti throw again . jackie - harker close the ball be again intend for harker but Jackie lean over and casually gather it in in a graceful catch . before there can be any reaction he have the ball on its way back to billing . billing - piletti billing be so unnerve by the whole incident that he fumble the ball and have to walk after it . jackie - harker close Jackie turn after throw to find harker look at he almost gratefully . harker nod in commendation . harker glad you do that . I do not know how the heck we get into it . the four billing have recover ball and be so confuse by the whole episode that , instead of throw it back to harker , who be extend a glove up in the air as a sign , he throw it to Jackie instead . harker watch and look back at billing . then he call out in pretend indignation . harker oh , great ! now you be leave I out of it ! oh , fine ! the four of they have to laugh now and as we cut away harker be begging Jackie for the ball . harker here ... let I get a chance to throw once in a while ! hopper close his face inscrutable , he turn and study the face of the other ballplayer who have be watch the incident . they , too , be smile . thoughtfully , he walk away . ext . gaine home full we can see two woman seat on the porch . ext . porch close rae and Mrs. gaine be talk . mrs . gaine you be sure you do not want to walk into town ? rae ( hesitantly ) well ... not yet . mrs . gaine ( pleasantly ) all right . ( study rae ) you be not nervous about it , be you ? afraid down here ? rae uh ... to tell you the truth , I would not be comfortable . I have never be south and I be afraid I would not know how to act . you probably do not understand but ... when one be not accustom to ... well , sort of defer ... or whatever it be down here ... ( helplessly ) I be afraid I be not clear . perhaps if you explain . I worry about make a mistake and get Jackie into trouble . mrs . gaine ( gently ) I understand . of course I do . but it really be not as bad as report . some of what you hear be true ... a lot exaggerated . we live we own life ... and as long as we live we own life we be not bother . most of the white people understand we position and be help , bit by bit , to make thing better , easier . we have get to show respect for all of they -- whether we respect they or not . always say mister or Mrs. -- never use first name , even if they ask you to . ( she smile ) none of that be hard to do , really . you do defer , but even that be not hard -- once you get use to it . rae in what way ? mrs . gaine every way . in store , say , do not try to get wait on until you be the only one leave -- and give way even if you be first and they come in later ... never , of course , try or expect to mix --- and as long as they come first in everything -- you will get along all right ... rae be thoughtful for a moment . rae tell I -- why be you live here -- instead of up North ... mrs . gaine to tell you the truth , I like it down here . even so ... I like it down here . if I leave ... it would be like run away from home . I could not do that . rae ( thoughtfully ) I like it , too . it feel like home ... and yet ... mrs . gaine and yet it 's strange . rae yes. strange . almost ... mysterious . Mrs. haine nod in understanding . the two sit silently as : effect we get a synoptic impression of activity : Jackie training , a class be instruct in base slide , Jackie , rae , Mr. and Mrs. gaine around a card table at home , and , at the end , a shot show a group of white floridian stand in silence , watch Jackie take part in a scrub game . gaine ' porch - day medium Jackie emerge and rae come as far as screen door . jackie I will be right home after practice . rae nod as Jackie wave and start to run down the walk . gaine ' home full a car pull up and gaine get out just as Jackie come down the walk . gaine closeup his face be serious as he look towards Jackie . gaine - jackie as Jackie come up to he . jackie hello , Mr. gaine . I be just on my way to the field . gaine put he hand on Jackie 's shoulder . gaine not this morning , Jackie . jackie not this ... uh ? what do you mean ? gaine come up on the porch . I have a call from Mr. rickey . I will tell you what he say . porch medium rae be still stand . Mr. gaine offer she a chair , then nod to Jackie to take one , and seat himself . gaine the town have put a stop to mix ball play . jackie ( after pause ) you mean ... on account of I ? gaine yes . Jackie look at rae ... then back at gaine . jackie then ... you mean I be through ? be that what he say ? gaine by no mean ! Mr. rickey be not give up that easy . you be to train in another town . jackie ( puzzle ) by myself ? I do not get it . gaine oh , no . with the other . Mr. rickey 's answer to the town be to decide to move the whole Brooklyn organization out of here to another town . not far . you will still stay here with we . jackie ( staggered ) and I ... I be the cause of all that ? mr. gaine ( gently ) do not hold yourself cheap , Jackie . Mr. rickey think that you , and what you stand for , be worth it . int . ball park - day full shot train session on . a few dozen player on the field , catch , throw , bat , etc . Jackie be play shortstop . mo . shot - the field focused on pitcher and batter a batter miss the first pitch , then connect on the second and run for first . Jackie scoops up the ball but make a very bad throw to first -- and the batter be safe . mo . close - jackie look disgust with himself , then flexe he right arm a few time as he move back into position . ext . dugout - day group shot - rickey and two reporter they be watch practice . full shot - the field over rickey and reporter as they watch bat practice . another batter hit a grounder to Jackie . this time he muff the ball and it go into the outfield . group shot - rickey and reporter the cynical reporter grimace at Jackie 's performance . reporter from what I have hear , you have a good ballplayer in Robinson . but from what I have see -- you have waste you time -- ( dryly ) and mine , too ... the other two reporter show nothing . rickey be not bother . rickey ( to cynic ) could be ... but I do not think so ... ( turn around and call o.s. , to trainer ) Pete -- tell Robinson I want he at first base ... mo . shot to include rickey , reporter , trainer as the trainer nod to Mr. rickey and trot out on the field . as he leave , the first reporter turn to rickey curiously . 1st reporter he ever play first ? rickey not that I know of ... 1st reporter then why ... rickey ( interrupt ) because he 's be try so hard he 's throw he arm out ... it will not be so hard on he at first ... the reporter think about this , but the cynic be not impressed . 2 nd reporter just how bad be he arm , Mr. rickey ? rickey from what I have hear , he can not even comb he own hair ... 1st reporter ... and you be keep he out there ...? rickey sure . the trainer come back . rickey ( to trainer ) how long before he arm ...? trainer a week will bring it around ... rickey think about it , then turn to the reporter , look directly at the cynic . rickey I suggest that you catch we first exhibition game -- two week from today ... 1st reporter here ? rickey no -- jacksonville ... 2 nd reporter I will be there ... quick fade out : fade in : ext . ballpark - day - ( stock ) over scene be title : jacksonville . ext . park entrance - day full shot fan milling around box-office . a few read sign on box - office . insert sign " game cancelled " the authority for the cancellation be partially cover so that we do not have to blame anybody . back to scene a few disgruntled fan mutter in disappointment . ext . player ' entrance - day mo . shot - at gate it be padlock and a policeman stand in front of it . as scene open , a dozen or so ballplayer , in business or sport clothes instead of uniform , be walk into scene and up to gate . Jackie be among they . same - closer the trainer move up toward the cop as the player ask he to open the gate . player ( smile ) how 's about open up ? policeman not today , I be afraid ... the player do not know what 's wrong . the trainer move up to the policeman . trainer what 's the matter ? policeman order . trainer ( bother ) why not ? whose order ? policeman well -- there 's a statute on the book that say white and color can not compete against each other -- even in sport ... the trainer look as though he 's about to explode and so do some of he player . Jackie look upset . the trainer shrug helplessly and motion toward the player to leave . trainer let 's go ... they start back and camera pan they to sidewalk where they start walk o.s. ext . sidewalk mo . shot as the 2nd reporter and the cynic meet the player . 2 nd reporter ( to trainer ) Pete -- what 's ... trainer ( disgust ) cancell -- usual reason ... cynic ( not bother ) think you will ever play a game down here ? trainer ( hold he temper ) we will play all right ... he shoulder on past the reporter and the player follow he ... as they walk o.s. we dissolve : ext . ball park - day camera reveal ball park 's name : deland park Jersey City versus . montreal royal int . ball park - day full shot a few player warming up . a few hundred fan in stand and more enter . most of the ball player be around the dugout , all of they in uniform . ext . dugout mo . shot branch rickey and clay Hopper be stand in conference near the dugout . player , include Jackie , in b.g . rickey ... and I want you to use he -- trouble or not ... hopper ( nodd ) okay . ( turn ) hey -- Robinson ! Jackie come up to they from b.g. wait for they to speak to he . rickey Jackie -- I want you to play second today ... ( look at Jackie 's arm ) Arm work all right ? jackie yes . rickey ( seriously ) give it all you have get today ... jackie I will , Mr. rickey ... rickey motion for he to join he teammate and he do so . rickey be thoughtful for a moment . rickey I be go to stay for awhile -- just in case . hopper ( nodd ) it will probably take some time -- after they find out Robinson 's in the game ... they walk away , talk about the situation . ext . ballpark - day full shot - game in progress scoreboard read : 1 to 1 -- 2nd inning . fan seem to be enjoy the game . the batter score a out and the team change side as we hold . the royal be come to bat . ext . player bench dugout in b.g. a player select a bat and move to take up he position at the plate as the pitcher and catcher warm up . Hopper motion to Jackie who step forward and pick out he own bat . hopper okay ? jackie ( nodd ) anything special ? hopper no -- use you own judgment ... Jackie nod again , swing he bat , and move up to the " on deck " spot . as he do so , the first batter get a hit and race toward first . ext . playing field as the batter reach first safely and Jackie move up into the batter 's box . ext . BOX seat - day mo . close - rickey he be watch game . two reporter , the cynic include , sit with rickey . mo . shot - jackie at plate rickey's angle the first pitch be a call strike . the second be a ball . the third be a ball . fourth a strike . fifth a ball . Sixth a ball and Jackie walk . rickey's voice watch he ... see that stance -- see how he hug the plate ... he 's hard to pitch to -- he will walk at least one for four ... special sequence at this point we go into a special sequence which must be work out at time of shoot between Jackie and the director . it be design as a demonstration of what make a good ball player as illustrate by Jackie ... with rickey comment on he for the benefit of the two reporter . the action be not confine to any one inning but spread over the entire game in montage scene that take in he hit , fun and field . it should end up a memorable sequence for all who play or enjoy baseball and believe , usually wrongly , that they know all its trick , embrace not only physical skill but headwork as well . when it be over the entire audience must have a knowledge and appreciation of what make Jackie Robinson the player he be ... and , furthermore , a better knowledge of baseball itself . rickey - reporter Hopper enter scene . hopper can I see you alone a moment , Mr. rickey ? rickey smell trouble . he make he excuse to reporter , who also sense something in the air , and walk off with Hopper . rickey - hopper close hopper we have just get word . Police be on the way . mix play again . rickey better get he off the field , clay ... no use make it worse ... mo . shot - to include hopper he nod at rickey and head back toward dugout . ext . dugout mo . shot as Hopper walk up to player ' bench . Jackie and the player look up at he . hopper sorry , Jackie -- but you would better leave the park for awhile ... the old trouble . see you in the dress room . Jackie get up and slowly walk down into the dugout and towards dress room . the other player be silent , yet , we feel , resentful about this unfair situation Jackie have to buck constantly . int . dressing room mo . close - jackie he start pull off he uniform and the trainer walk into scene . Jackie be definitely unhappy . trainer ( disgustedly ) same old thing . same old thing ! jackie yeah , Pete . thanks for look at it my way but I bet you fellow be feed up with all the trouble I have cause . all the jump around , cancel game ... ruction in the air . pete ( squarely ) yes , it 's be a lot of fuss . but that 's the game . we be get pay for it . not we business to squawk . jackie ( sighing ) it 's the game ... but I will never get to play it , I be afraid . I have get a hunch that maybe Mr. rickey have enough , too ... and maybe I will be back with the Kansas City monarch in a few day ... if they will take I . Pete be about to reply when the sound of a door open make they both turn towards the entrance . dressing room door long rickey and Hopper be enter . they walk purposely and rickey beckon with he finger . rickey Pete ... better go out on the field and take a look at Hugh 's hand . he catch one on the knuckle . jackie - pete medium as rickey and Hopper enter scene . pete ( leave ) right . rickey ( to Jackie ) and you ... jackie yes , Mr. rickey . you go to give it to I now ? rickey give you what ? jackie my walk papers . you must be catch up with all this melodramatic stuff ... police chase the team all the time . rickey oh. ( winking at Hopper ) yeah . never have such excitement in year . ( back to Jackie ) I will give it to you . Jackie ... you be now officially a montreal Royal . you have make the team . okay ? Jackie , who have be sit a bit dejectedly , straighten up slowly and look from one to the other . his face be fill more with wonder than anything else . jackie ( unbelievingly ) you be still with I ! as Hopper nod -- rickey still with you . jackie ( shaking head ) and I be ready to give up ! he seem lose in think , he gaze direct at a far corner of the room , as rickey give he a farewell pat on the shoulder and exit . Jackie do not even look up . then Hopper be stand over he . hopper all right , Jackie ? jackie ( waking up ) yes , Mr. Hopper . hopper think I have get even better news for you . jackie ( brow knitting ) better ? hopper for you . you can pack up . we head north tomorrow ... for Jersey City and we first game of the season . gaine home dinner table with he wife and Jackie and rae seat before he , Mr. gaine rise to propose a toast . mrs . gaine it be safe to say , Jackie , that this drink be not the only one to be raise in you honor tonight . it be safe to say that hundred of thousand of we people be do the same . you have open another door formerly lock to we by intolerance . it be a milestone ... I speak for a great many when I say ... thank you ... thank you ... the gainesis and rae drink , but when Jackie , embarrassed , try to take he glass , rae put she hand on it , laughingly , and stop he . rae you be not suppose to drink now . you do not drink , anyway . jackie ( grin ) I forget ... ext . train - night - ( stock ) long a train roaring through the night . ext . roosevelt stadium , jersey CITY - day - ( stock ) aerial view Stadium on a gala day , pennant stream , stand pack . ( or any comparable stadium will do . ) as we look at it , the legend : " jersey CITY , april 14 , 1946 " appear over the picture . then the picture gradually darken until we fade out : fade in : int . radio studio commentator he be seat at desk , read from he note . commentator ... this be a unusual day in organize baseball , lady and gentleman . for the first time , a negro player be present to the public . and for he first time , a negro make he appearance in the big time , he every instinct tell he the crowd might not be friendly at all . but whatever the feel of the crowd before they see Jackie Robinson today ... they forget it . because he make they think of one thing ... and one thing only ... baseball ! and what baseball ! few will forget what they see ... I can see it yet ... dissolve : plate jackie at bat he be waggling he bat . infield runner on first and second wait to go . the stand the fan be silent , watchful . pitcher he wind up and throw . jackie he take a ball . pitcher another throw . jackie swing and foul off . wait . another ball . another ball . pitcher winding up . jackie a call strike . scoreboard show two strike and three ball . stand crowd tense . pitcher check runner , then wind up and throw . jackie swing and connect as a roar come from the crowd . outfield outfielder start to run , then stop as he realize ball will clear fence easily . radio studio commentator commentator ... but a lot of player hit home run . he give they more baseball than that . he give they real baseball . when next he come to bat there be yell for another homerun . Jackie do not hit a homerun . he show the crowd something brand new ... how to score on a bunt ! plate long angling from third or leave field to take in most of infield , include home plate and first base . Jackie bunt towards third and beat the throw to first . second - first base long shoot from leave field side of second along the line to first base and take in pitcher . Jackie be take a long lead off first as pitcher get ready to throw . with the pitch he be off for second , run towards we . plate close catcher receive pitch and whip throw to second . second - first base long continuation of former shot show Jackie go into slide and beat throw to second . pitcher close receives ball from second baseman in disgust and turn around towards plate . only once , before throw , do he turn around to eye Jackie , then he start he windup . the second he go into it there be a roar from the crowd and we can tell from the frantic look that come into the pitcher 's eye that he know what be happen -- Jackie must be off again ... this time for third ! but it be , of course , too late for he to do anything but finish he throw . third base line Jackie racing along . catcher reaching high for a bad throw , then whipping ball . third base Jackie slide in under throw . stand the crowd yell and laugh at this continue larceny on Jackie 's part . pitcher receiving throw from third baseman and tucking glove under arm to wipe he brow and glare towards Jackie . third Jackie dusting himself off as third baseman look on coldly . pitcher ready to throw . he check Jackie and start windup . third shoot to show both Jackie and the pitcher , the latter in the b.g. with the downsw of the pitcher 's arm , Jackie be off and the crowd roar again . but after a half dozen stop Jackie stop suddenly and dash back to third , just beat a try from the catcher to stop he . infield take in Jackie and the pitcher , the former dance away from third distractingly and the latter plainly worried by Jackie 's tactic and snap a couple of throw to third in a effort to trap he off base . finally , the pitcher begin he windup and immediately Jackie be off for third . with the yell from the crowd the pitcher stop in mid-windup to make a quick throw to third again . again Jackie have stop and be on he way back to third but the umpire there wave he away and signal that he may go on to home . umpire pitcher 's balk . you can score . infield the pitcher come run over to umpire to protest but realize after a few word that he plainly make a balk and have no chance . he walk back to mound dejectedly . stand crowd roaring . dugout Jackie tumble in as pleased teammate slap he on the back . radio studio commentator commentator ... before that game be over Jackie have hit safely four time and score four time , with the aid of two steal basis and two pitcher 's balk ! yes , lady and gentleman , that be how the first day go for the first negro in organize baseball . they probably will not all go that well ... there may still be trouble ... but we have a indication that Jackie Robinson have what it take ... to take hold of the public 's heart ! ext . syracuse , n.y. aerial or panoramic view over which appear legend : " syracuse . " ball park pan or general view a game be in progress . plate mo . close Jackie take a strike . voice ( call ) hey , dare , big boy ! what you - all doin ' on a white man 's field ? Jackie turn head briefly in direction of ground box where voice , mimick a thick southern accent , be come from . lower BOX a thick - neck toughie be do the yell . he continue , in a manner which he calculate will tickle that around he . next to he be another man who bend over to fumble with something at he foot . thick - neck better get you carcass out 'a there before you get ride out ! the other man come up with a black cat around whose neck a length of strong twine have be attach . the man throw the cat onto the field . jackie close he hear a yell of laughter from some of the crowd and look around . jackie long shoot from behind he towards box where cat be be make to run back and forth along box , and where thick - neck be yell again , ostensibly about the cat , but while look at Jackie . thick - neck get that black -- a laugh from he companion drown out the next word . thick - neck -- off the field . get he off the field ! stand section close we can see that a number of fan be not impressed with this type of humor . pitcher long smiling at the byplay , he wind up just as Jackie turn towards he . jackie long we can see the cat business go on in the b.g. as Jackie pull he bat back , swing and connect . outfield long as ball fall safe for a texas leaguer , Jackie go on to second . ground BOX attendant have appear and make the two man lift the cat back with they in the box . infield shoot from center field and take in Jackie on second and the next man at bat . we see the pitcher throw and the batter hit a long single on which Jackie easily go around third to home . as Jackie turn to go back to the visit team 's dugout he path bring he near the ground box seat where the cat have be sit on the box rail . ground BOX as Jackie pass and the man hold the cat hold it up to Jackie and jeer . man here 's a brother of yours , Jackie . why do not you take he along ? he want to get into baseball , too . Jackie veer suddenly towards box and man fall back in alarm . but Jackie make no menace motion . instead he pick up the cat and start unloosen the twine as he walk away . jackie trucking we walk with Jackie as he get the twine loose , hold the cat close and pet he comfortingly . stand the fan watch in silence as Jackie , walk with cat below , step into dugout . suddenly someone applaud . it be take up and soon the entire park be echoing with the handclapp . dugout close Jackie sit in the shadow , he hand still fondly petting the cat . effect we radio commentator again double - expose against a background which include a series of quick shot show Jackie play , crowd cheer , a occasional jeer fan . commentator ... with the baseball season almost over , Jackie Robinson have prove himself one of the standout player in the International League . in he home town , montreal , he be a hero . to the great majority of fan in other International League town , he be also a favorite . there 's no doubt of it . Jackie have make good here ... but the biggest hurdle be ahead of he ... the major league . the opposition be strengthen . there be go to be firework ! montreal - ( stock ) there be stock shot available of the riotous scene when the montreal royal win the International League pennant in 1946 and the crowd go wild over Jackie , riding he around on they shoulder . insert newspaper headline montreal royal win INTERNATIONAL pennant ! Jackie Robinson lead League in hitting ! back to scene continuation of stock shot of montreal celebration . stand close a fan throw confetti , supposedly on the crowd below . dissolve : special effect the confetti turn into snow and we see empty , snow - cover ball park . gaine home long gaine and he wife emerge on porch just as postman come up the walk . porch mo . close gaine accept letter from postman who exit after they exchange greeting . he open letter and begin to read while Mrs. gaine turn to go back into house . gaine just a minute , Clara . this be from Jackie Robinson . mrs . gaine oh . be he come back here ? gaine no . that 's why he write . he 's on he way to Cuba . that 's where Brooklyn and montreal will train this year . mrs . gaine ( eagerly ) do he think he can go with Brooklyn ? gaine ( smile ) he say all he have to do be beat two hundred other man try for the team . mrs . gaine ( face fall ) oh. gaine that 's all right . he have to show he be able . the important thing be ... ( significantly ) ...he have nothing else against he . he , and all of we , have come that far , anyway . he fold letter slowly and thoughtfully as she pat he arm understandingly . mrs . gaine yes . yes . havana - ( stock ) aerial a legend read : " havana , cuba . " havana stadium the montreal team be work out in the field preparatory to play a game , with the ball be whipped out around the infield . Jackie be play second . brooklyn dugout mo . close just close enough so we can read the insignia on the uniform of the player and know that it be the Brooklyn team which will oppose montreal . infield full shoot from second towards home plate we see a trainer cup he hand to he mouth as if to yell . trainer ( yell ) Robinson ! Mr. rickey want to see you ! infield reverse shot Jackie wave acknowledgement and then start trot in . sideline medium rickey be stand alone , hold a first baseman 's glove . as Jackie enter scene rickey nod and flip the glove to Jackie who catch it but look puzzle . jackie for I ? this be a first baseman 's glove . rickey that 's right . I want you to use it . jackie I do not get it . not play second , you mean ? Mr. rickey , I do not like first base . I be not a first baseman . I do well at second last year . rickey Jackie , you team begin a seven game practice series against Brooklyn today . I want you to play first . I want you to play like you have never play before . last year at montreal do not mean a thing . this be it . this be where you decide whether Brooklyn want you ... and by Brooklyn I do not mean I -- I mean the Brooklyn player . I want you to run they rag , on the basis , in the field , at bat . run wild . steal they pants off . they know they be definitely weak at first . they want to win the pennant . make they wonder if they chance would not be better if they have you . if they wonder loud enough ... I will get you for they . Jackie still have a fielder 's glove on he hand . slowly he shake it off and put the first baseman 's glove on instead . he seem to have forget that rickey be there . he pound he fist into the pocket of the glove thoughtfully and then , without another word , still deeply preoccupy apparently , walk off . rickey 's gaze follow he . baseball series montage Jackie awkwardly scramble for one in the dirt at first and barely recover to make the out . Jackie hit . Jackie racing in for a bunt , turn to find no one at first , and then racing the runner to the bag for the out . after which he mop he brow wearily . Jackie run the basis , steal into a base , beat a pitcher 's throw to trap he , teasing the pitcher , teasing again , then away on a run . Jackie hit . Jackie hit again . Jackie walk . and again hit as we dissolve : int . SMALL office medium clyde sukeforth be at a desk work away with a pencil at some figure . nearby stand rickey wait . clyde make a final notation , toss the pencil away and shake he head unbelievingly . rickey well ? sukeforth I have never see anything like it before . his field be only fair , as you know . he be new to first base . but , at bat !... for the seven - game series Jackie steal seven basis and hit .625 ! rickey ( thoughtfully ) pretty good . pretty good . clyde be amaze at this conservatism , and he face be a study as rickey nod and walk away . ext . HOTEL nacionale , havana - ( stock ) int . corner HOTEL room close Jackie at a small desk , write . his voice be hear tell we some of the word he be put down . jackie' voice ... train be over , rae . I have have no word yet . we fly to New York tomorrow to play exhibition game against Brooklyn on April 9th and 10th . the tenth be the last day before the official season begin so if I do not hear by then ... I know I be cook . they say that some of the dodger do not want I ... ext . section HOTEL promenade close simply two wicker chair against a palm trunk or tropical plant of any suitable type for a background . rickey and Hopper be seat and talk . rickey ( concerned ) it 's a tough problem . most of the player see he value , a few do not . that still leave a dodger team divide against itself . I do not want that . hopper no ... unless you could take a chance that they would all come around when they see that Jackie be help they towards a common cause -- the pennant . rickey ( think ) I do not know ... I do not know . dissolve : ext . ebbett field - ( stock long a game be in progress . radio announcer at field close he be at the mike call the game as he see it . announcer well , here be Jackie Robinson up again in the last exhibition game before the start of the official National League season . Jackie have have two chance to show whether rickey be wrong in not signing he for Brooklyn -- and fail to get a hit both time . let 's see what he do now with a man on first to bring in . infield long show Jackie at plate and another montreal player on first . plate Jackie waggling he bat , apparently determine to come through . montreal dugout they be watch Jackie keenly when another player jump into the dugout excitedly and say something to some of the player . the other hear he word and turn to he in great interest , forget about Jackie . pitcher winding up and throw . jackie swing and hit . infield angle to show that Jackie have hit into a easy double play , so easy that he stop run about two - third of the way to first and turn to lope back to the montreal dugout . radio announcer close announcer that be not so hot . a easy double play . it 's hard to believe after the sensational report of Jackie 's play in Cuba . well , everybody have a bad day and I imagine he be feel pretty blue now as he run towards he dugout ... ( puzzle ) no ! he be not sad at all ... he 's smile . ( excitedly ) wait a moment ! something 's go on at the montreal dugout . all he teammate be run out to greet he as they would a hero ! what in ... infield - front of dugout shoot towards dugout , we see the montrealer run out to Jackie , grab he hand , pound he on the back . player - jackie close several of they cluster around Jackie be all talk at once . player ( ad libbing ) you have make it , Jackie ! the announcement just come out ! you be a dodger , boy ! jackie closeup he be nodd , smile , yet still incredulous . radio announcer close radio announcer ... they have have to announce it to the crowd here , lady and gentleman . what we hear from Cuba be right . Jackie Robinson be good enough to be sign by Brooklyn . he 's a dodger -- finally ! dissolve : int . dressing room - day mo . shot - jackie and clay hopper they be stand together at one end of the room , Jackie listen to Hopper . hopper ( sincerely ) ... and I mean it when I say I be glad you be go with the dodger ... ( wryly ) ... even though I would like to keep you with the royal ... Jackie know that Hopper mean it and it affect he , as they shake hand . jackie ( sincerely ) Mr. Hopper -- I really appreciate all the help you have give I ... and I mean it , too , when I say that last year in montreal be the happiest year I have ever have ... rae and I would just as soon live there the rest of we life ... int . rickey's office close Jackie be lean over rickey 's desk and signing he contract while rickey look on . when Jackie finish , rickey put out he hand and they shake . rickey my congratulation , Jackie . the go be still go to be tough . but I can trust you now to take what come and not lose you head until you win the National League player over like you do in the International League . jackie you can trust I , Mr. rickey . I can not afford to fail . my career be no longer a personal one , as you know ... rickey I know . montage against a background which illustrate the tough time Jackie have in the National League he first season -- get spike , ducking baseball , be give the " hip " in he baserun -- we see newspaper storey head variously : robinson spike again yesterday player deny anti - robinson plot , say roughness accidental robinson calm in night game fracas whatever the scene , Jackie be show as quietly accept whatever happen and stand clear while he teammate defend he . the news storey be date to show the progression of the summer month during the 1947 season , or else we might show the calendar month be stripped off one by one . part of the same effect be the follow headline : hold jackie robinson night at ebbett field ! here we insert stock shot show Jackie out in the field receive the cadillac car , television set , etc. , with he mother and rae also present at the ceremony in he honor . there follows the headline : robinson win " rookie of the year " award ! we illustrate here with stock newsreel shot of Jackie at Baseball writer Award dinner . fade out : fade in : radio announcer close this announcer be possibly walter winchell or Drew pearson or some other national name if proper arrangement can be make ( i.e. , a damon runyon Fund benefit in the case of walter winchell , etc . ) . announcer today , lady and gentleman , near the close of the 1949 baseball season , a great National League player , and outstanding american citizen , be on he way to Washington . his name be Jackie Robinson . he be not go there to play ball . but he be go to talk about how a american patriot play ball with the country that extend he the right to fight for freedom . he have be ask to discuss the patriotism of the american negro ... before the member of the un-american activity Committee . int . committee room - ( stock ) we show that scene of Jackie in which he be beginning the select excerpt give below . jackie you can put I down as a expert on be a color american , with thirty year of experience at it . and just like any other color person with sense enough to look around he and understand what he see , I know that life in this United States can be mighty tough for people who be a little different from the majority -- in they skin , color or the way they worship they God , or the way they spell they name . I be not fool because I have have a chance open to very few negro Americans . it 's true that I have be the laboratory specimen in a great change in organize baseball . I be proud that I have make good on my assignment to the point where other color player will find it easier to enter the game and go to the top . but I be very well aware that even this limited job be not finish . as I see it there have be a terrific lot of misunderstanding on this subject of communism among negroes in this country , and it 's bound to hurt my people 's cause unless it 's clear up . I understand that there be some few negroes who be member of the Communist party , and in event of war with Russia they would probably act just as any other Communists would . so would member of other minority and majority group ... most negroes -- and italian and irish and Jews and swede and slavs and other Americans -- would act just as all this group do in the last war . they would do they best to help they country stay out of war ; if unsuccessful , they would do they best to help they country win the war -- against Russia or any other enemy that threaten we ... I can not speak for any fifteen million people any more than any other one person can , but I know that I have get too much invest for my wife and child and myself in the future of this country , and I and other Americans of many race and faith have too much invest in we country 's welfare , for any of we to throw it away . I be a religious man . therefore , I cherish America where I be free to worship as I please , a privilege which some country do not give . and I suspect that 999 out of almost any 1,000 color Americans you meet will tell you the same thing . but that do not mean that we be go to stop fight race discrimination in this country until we have get it lick . it mean that we be go to fight it all the harder because we stake in the future be so big . we can win we fight without the Communists and we do not want they help ... intercut into speech be scene of typical negro life , both impoverish and comparatively affluent , select to best illustrate he particular word at the moment . there be a closeup of Jackie as he reach he final word . as he speak they we cut to : effect this be the silhouette that begin the picture , show Jackie in action . as he silhouette perform across the screen , the follow title begin roll up : robinson win national league batting honor general eisenhower present freedom house medal to ralph bunche , jackie robinson and herbert hoover jackie robinson vote most valuable player in the national league GEORGE WASHINGTON carver memorial institute gold medal for betterment race relation awarded to jackie robinson fade out : the end