the danish girl screenplay by lucinda coxon base on the novel by David ebershoff the danish girl ext . kattegat sea , jutland , denmark , 1920' , day fade in : a rectangle of ferociously stormy sea view from batter cliff . Silver wave be whipped by a wind that fly at we , sting , relentless . somewhere , unseen in the barren landscape , something be at its mercy - we hear the rustle and punch of the weather go at it ... dissolve to : int . woman be eye the same scene reflect across the surface of a woman 's brown eye , intense with emotion , curiosity . gradually , the weather sound be overtaken by voice come up . at first the social chatter be peripheral , then the voice grow more strident , oppressive . the eye blink . int . gallery , copenhagen , denmark , evening a painting of the same sea , capture with remarkable accuracy of feel . a hubbub of gabbling voice . too many people in a low -ceiling room . one voice dominate now - older woman ( 0.s. ) do not you wish you could paint like that ? we pull out to see gerda wegener 's brown eye shift from deep * scrutiny of the painting to polite social focus as she take in a excited older woman . gerda I be sorry ...? older woman I say , do not you wish you could paint like you husband ? really - you must be so proud ... the woman smile and head into the crowd , leave gerda to consider ... gerda 's gaze travel across the well - dress gather . Far off in a corner , there 's a inner circle where she handsome husband einar wegener be be shower with praise . a portly goateed man dominate the scene - rasmussen , einar 's dealer . rasmussen they be all veijle , where he grow up . ( continued ) 26/11/15 continued : gerda begin walk toward they through the throng ... rasmussen ( cont would ) and I do not say my client be the best landscape artist in Denmark ... but , he be in the top one ! einar cringe as the crowd laugh , delighted . a exotic - look woman with mischief play on she full lip approach gerda . this be ulla fonsmarck . they be friend . ulla ( a stage whisper ) it 's go very well . gerda oh yes . he 'il be impossible . the woman laugh . as gerda look up , einar look across , smile , trap in he corner . gerda nod back , reassure , conspiratorial . then einar 's pull back into the select circle and rasmussen emit a ridiculous bark laugh . ext . copenhagen STREET , night gerda and einar , arm in arm , laughing . gerda wear a distinctively embroider fine wool wrap . they footstep ring down the empty street . a patina of crystallise brine coat doorway , window , scintillating in the moonlight . gerda and rasmussen ... einar oh , come on . be kind . at least he agree to see you work . gerda only because he be drunk ! einar I know . gerda you be loving it ! einar I be not . she mimic rasmussen , he ludicrous excitement : gerda '' I do not say my client be the best landscape artist in Denmark ... '' ( continued ) 26/11/15 continued : einar '' but ... '' gerda '' he be in the top one ! '' they laugh hard . someone call from a upstairs window : man at window hey - people be sleep ! the window slam . gerda and einar struggle to quieten down , head for the dance harbour light - partner in crime . ext . harbour , next morning - MAIN title begin - fisherman sell straight off the boat to early - rise customer . price be loudly negotiate as the silver catch still writhes and flap . a city come to life . int . the widow house , bedroom , morning gerda carry in a breakfast tray . einar sleep . she observe he face : long eyelash , cheek hollow in repose , delicate lip . a little dog , hvappe , trot beside she . she put down the tray and throw back the bedcover . einar blink in the light , surprised . he stretch , take in the silhouett outline of he wife : tall , purposeful gerda . gerda do you know what time it be ? he smile , sweetly suggestive of pleasure to come ... einar time you come back to bed ? gerda no - I be ready to start work . einar draw down the blind . she hold back , tease a little . gerda I tell you , I ... einar gerda ... gerda what ? ( continued ) 26/11/15 continued : she take he in , smile up at she . shake she head . gerda ( cont would ) you face ... you think I can not resist you ... einar do you want to resist I ? she approach the edge of the bed , smile herself now . gerda no . but I have like you to ask nicely so I do not feel such a pushover ... einar reach towards she . einar gerda wegener - my life , my wife ... he pull she into bed ... a skittish piano come up as they laugh , begin to make love . continue over : ext . STREET outside copenhagen opera house einar cross the road , head for the Opera House . int . opera house , stage door einar greet the doorman , thorbjorn . einar thorbjorn . stage doorman Mr wegener . int . opera house , costume shop , one month later , day einar walk between rack of clothes that hang in two tier so the ruffle and feathered hem of jewel- coloured gowns brush he cheek . a explicit sensual pleasure , which einar be conscious of but feel no need to investigate . he pause . the aria cease , he hear woman chatting , sometimes dropping there voice , emit dirty laugh , which make he smile and wonder . a steal intimacy . einar spy on ulla , below - ulla ( 0.s. ) tighter ! ulla be be pull into a corset by a dresser . einar lean forward for a better view ... she spot he - be delighted , break free for a moment . ( continued ) 26/11/15 continued : ulla ( cont would ) einar wegener ! the dresser hand ulla a robe to cover up , but : ulla ( cont would ) oh do not worry about he - he 's only ever have eye for one woman . einar my guilty secret 's out . he smile at she , indulgent . she call up to he - ulla so - when be you two go to breed I a godchild ? einar you be a atheist . ulla I 'il reconsider . einar we be try . ulla try harder . I have be wait a eternity . have you try drink raw egg ? einar no . ulla do it . for my sake . einar shake he head . she 's impossible and he adore she . ulla ( cont would ) anyway what be you do in today ? I think you finish last week ? einar I want to check on the scrim for the storm scene . and give gerda some space . ulla ah - she 's get a shy one . einar nod , smile . ulla prepare to resume she fitting . ulla ( cont would ) you know I be next ? einar so I hear . ( continued ) 26/11/15 continued : ulla I will not be shy . einar I should imagine not . ulla good God , she will need all she colour for I ! they laugh and ulla signal to the dresser to pull at the corset once more , smile in delighted anticipation of the discomfort to come . int . widow house , studio , day mr fonnesbech in a chair on a slightly raise dais . he be formally dress , somewhat stiff . the room be oppressively still . gerda look up from she canvas , go to adjust fonnesbech 's arm . he be clearly affect by be touch , embarrassed . she return to the canvas . after a uncomfortable couple of moment : fonnesbech I want to say ... I appreciate we be alone today . I hope you husband do not mind . gerda not at all . I could see he be here make you uncomfortable . fonnesbech it be not personal . gerda smile . shake she head - he should not worry : gerda it 's not uncommon . fonnesbech ah . fonnesbech 's relieved . though he 's leave with question . gerda it 's hard for a man to be look at by a woman . woman be use to it , of course , but for a man ... Mr fonnesbech begin to look wildly vulnerable . gerda ( cont would ) to ... submit to a woman 's gaze . it 's unsettle ... fonnesbech nod , relieved - that 's exactly it . ( continued ) 26/11/15 continued : gerda ( cont would ) although I believe there 's some pleasure to be have from it , once you ... she smile mischievously . gerda ( cont would ) «yield . fonnesbech swallow , cheek pink . suddenly : gerda ( cont would ) sit ! fonnesbech flinch . the dog settles . fonnesbech exhales . gerda ( cont would ) good girl . gerda return to work , eye glint at what she 's reveal in she sitter : finally get somewhere . ext . widow house , month later a chinese laundress with a large wheeled cart make she way along the street , ringing a pair of little bell as she go . int . widow house , morning einar quickly but carefully fold gerda 's chemise and put it in a bag of laundry , hurry to open the door ... int / ext . widow house , early morning , a month later einar hand the bag to the laundress as she pass . int . widow house , bedroom , morning gerda at the mirror , put on she lipstick . einar come in , react , see she dress up . she 's self - conscious . gerda well ? einar can not help smile at she imply self - criticism . einar perfect . almost . he approach , use he thumb to gently blend away a smudge of lipstick from she bottom lip . he nod . perfect now . einar ( cont would ) good luck ... 26/11/15 ext . busy copenhagen STREET , day gerda carry she heavy portfolio , optimistic , brisk . int . art dealer' office , day rasmussen 's face - a look of slight distaste . a sea of gerda 's work , on the desk , the floor - competent but uninspire naturalistic depiction of society figure . rasmussen all portrait ... gerda hesitates a beat , the fact be so self - evident . gerda be that bad ? rasmussen not per se , but ... this kind of work be not really my ... he wince a little . he have to end this : rasmussen ( cont would ) gerda ... I do not think it would benefit either of we to show this . a vein begin to throb in gerda 's neck . rasmussen ( cont would ) it 's not a judgement on you ability - I agree with einar : you could be a first class painter if you find the right subject matter . it 's the first time gerda 's hear this . her eye shine , stung , betrayed . int . widow house , studio , day einar work , hear the door . gerda bring in the portfolio , set it down , start take off she coat . einar 's tentative : einar how be it ? gerda Fine . he wait for more , but nothing come . einar I finally mix the right colour for the snow . ( continued ) 26/11/15 continued : gerda glance at the canvas , hostile . gerda another view of vejle . I do not know how you can paint the same thing over and over . einar miss a beat . einar I suppose I just have not finish with it yet . gerda head towards the door . einar ( cont would ) gerda ..? gerda could you please not speak to rasmussen about I again ... my work be my business . stay out of it . but she disappear into the bedroom , the door slamm emphatically behind she . einar 's leave bewilder . int . bedroom , day gerda 's already regret the exchange with einar . she unfasten she dress , pull it off . there 's a bloodstain in she underwear . damn ! she breathes . int . studio , day einar work as gerda reappear . she 's compose now , refocus , approach she easel , organise she paint . einar steal a look at she , but say nothing . Works on . eventually : gerda I have my period . einar ( 0.s. ) I be sorry . gerda be you ? she turn to find he approach . einar of course I be ... you know I be . a moment of quiet intimacy between they . gerda shy away , return to present concern ... she work ... ( continued ) 26/11/15 10 . continued : gerda could you help I with something ? einar 's relieved to be able to help . einar anything . gerda ulla have a extra rehearsal . she cancel again . would you try on she stocking and shoe ? einar 's discomfort erupt in a laugh . be she serious ? gerda ( cont would ) I be just so behind . I do not know how I x11 be finish in time for she open ... but he cut she off : einar I will do it . it 's fine . gerda set a shoebox and the stock on the sitter 's chair , go into the kitchen . einar move the box and stocking , sit in the chair on the dais . the dog leap up - einar ( cont would ) no ... no , not now hvappe ... he push hvappe down , test the mesh of the stocking between he finger . he roll up he trousers . einar ( cont would ) he almost snag this ... gerda marvel at he delicacy . scold the dog : gerda hvappe ... gerda mix paint . einar battle with the stocking . gerda ( cont would ) that 's backwards ... he fiddle with the second stock now , a light sweat dew he forehead by the time he 's roll both to the knee . he open a shoebox : - the yellow pair from the shop window . einar I see this in the window of fonnesbech 's ... gerda smart be not they ? ( continued ) 26/11/15 ll. continued : einar I do not think they will fit ... gerda well just do what you can . he take they out ... something catch in einar 's throat as he push he toe into the shoe . gerda 's eye be narrow as she start work . einar look down at he foot , partly contain in the yellow suede , the disjuncture between the body above and below the knee ... he breathes ... can not keep he hand steady . then : gerda ( cont would ) no . I need the dress . they both look over to where ulla 's dress hang . it be white , weight with bead at the hem and cuff . beautiful . einar gerda , I be not put it on . gerda I have not ask you to . she get sit ... lay it across he . gerda ( cont would ) would you just relax ...? the sooner I start , the sooner I finish . einar yield reluctantly , as gerda run she finger gently down he face . satisfied , gerda return to work . einar 's breathe feel slightly labour now . the dress weigh heavily . his head move slightly , feel it brush at he neck . his finger curl involuntarily around the bead cuff . the soundscape become heighten : the creak of gerda 's easel , the jangling of she bracelet , the sound of the harbour , the wind in the ship 's rigging . this combine , fill he head ... until : ulla ( 0.s. ) well hello , there ! einar start ... ulla 's in the doorway , delighted , with a huge bunch of lily . she start to laugh , and because it 's ulla , gerda laugh also . the dog yap , excited , confuse . einar 's disorient . gerda see this , stop laugh , but ... ulla ( cont would ) oh , do not worry my darling ... she hand the flower to he , kiss he : ulla ( cont would ) we be go to call you lili ... ( continued ) 26/11/15 12 . continued : einar manage to laugh now as the dog run barking in circle , ulla 's delight banish the day 's frustration . ext . harbour , night there be light on in the widow House . int . widow house , studio , night gerda close the book she 's be read , look up to see einar , work , engross . a almost trance - like state . she watch he a while , then approach , rest she head against he back . he 's comfortable with this , but work on . gerda such concentration . sometimes when you be work , I think you be go to slip through the surface of the painting and vanish . he smile a little . gerda ( cont would ) sink into the bog . like you friend 's kite when you be a boy . einar han . it be han 's kite I crash . einar enjoy the memory for a moment . einar ( cont would ) poor han . he be so proud of it ... I could not believe he even let I have a turn ... gerda he 's probably still sit on a rock , sobbing he heart out . einar set down he brush , turn toward she , away from he work , smile . einar he 's a dealer in Paris , peddle Old Masters to rich Americans . gerda oh . so we do not need to worry about han . einar no we do not . he take she in . ( continued ) 26/11/15 13 . continued : gerda I do not mean to disturb you . einar that 's okay . I have finish . he kiss she . einar ( cont would ) and do not worry , I will not disappear into the bog . he widen he eye , surprised at he own realisation : einar ( cont would ) the bog be in I , silly . she push he off , laughing . int . widow house , bedroom , later that night einar 's in bed . gerda pull off she dress , look round to see he watch she as she lay she stocking over the chair beside she dress table . gerda what ? einar can not a man watch he wife get undress ? she go to take off she lace - edge slip , self - conscious now . einar ( cont would ) that slip be new ... gerda you be very observant . einar leave it on ... she hesitates , but einar pull back the sheet ... gerda keep the slip on , climb in beside he . he stroke she body through the silk ... einar ( cont would ) it 's very pretty ... gerda I might let you borrow it . einar shrug , rise flirtatiously to the challenge . einar I might enjoy that . ( continued ) 26/11/15 14 . continued : gerda laugh , and einar kiss she . she tease : gerda oh really ...? be there something you have like to tell I ? einar why ...? be there something you would like to know ...? his finger trace , quivering , over she ... gerda no ... I be you wife . I know everything . einar thrill , pull she on top of he , a fresh passion , fresh risk about they union . int . costume shop , later that night a champagne cork pop . ulla 's triumphant first night . she 's on magnificent form , work the room . gerda 's portrait hang in pride of place . gerda and einar chat with a group that include they friend niel and elsa . ulla swoops in , whisper something in gerda 's ear . gerda 's eye register delight as she look across at two young man on the other side of the room . gerda both of they ...? ulla and at the same time ! einar laugh . gerda shake she head . ulla ( cont would ) married people be so delightfully easy to shock . einar we just pretend to be shocked because it encourage you . ulla I know . that 's why you be the only couple in my party for the artist Ball ... einar out of the question . ulla oh , I know einar hate it , but he 'il have to bear with we . ( continued ) 26/11/15 15 . continued : einar she can go without I . ulla gerda without a escort ? it would be a scandal . einar gerda love a scandal . gerda you have have too much champagne . niel and elsa hear this , tune in ... einar look at the way she dress , flaunt she ankle . a invitation to corruption . gerda I do not think anyone be likely to be corrupt by see my ankle . einar I be . the group laugh delighted by einar 's buoyant mood . einar ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) the first time we meet , I be leave the Academy , and she be on the step , flaunt say ankle ... and she proposition I ! elsa be that true ?! gerda it be a dare . but when I say hello to he , he actually blush ! he be so shy ! so I ask he out . ulla and you say yes - einar scrutinise gerda . einar she make I . she seem so sure . gerda I be sure . I still be . niel oh please - enough ! elsa elbow he , turn to gerda . ( continued ) 26/11/15 16 . continued : elsa no - what be it about he ? gerda look at einar . gerda I do not know ... she remember , draw einar into the recollection . gerda ( cont would ) but we go for coffee , and after , I kiss he ... and it be the strangest thing ... it be like kissing myself . a look between einar and gerda , a connection crackle . ulla well this two will not be stay much longer ... einar unmarried people be so delightfully easy to shock . she and einar smile , make they way towards the door . int . bedroom , night einar come in , gerda 's already in bed . he start to undress , turn out the light . gerda turn it back on . he look at she . she shrug , smile - it 's she turn , after all ... he turn it back on , a little awkward now , undress in front of she . she see this , tough it out , watch he anyway . gerda ( cont would ) be you really corrupt by my ankle ? einar wear just he shirt now , begin to unbutton . einar you be shameless . gerda I still be . einar peel off he shirt . underneath , he wear gerda 's lace - edge slip . gerda gasp slightly ... einar have outdone she with this imaginative twist . but she rise to the occasion . feel the fabric against he body . ( continued ) 26/11/15 17 . continued : einar beautiful shameless gerda ... she trace she finger across he chest , challenge , arouse . int . widow house , bedroom , morning einar asleep , a scratching sound in the background . we see quick charcoal stroke on paper , gerda wrap in einar 's dress gown , at the side of the bed . she 's fascinate , suddenly able to see the femininity of he feature , play with it , create a revise einar ... his eye open ... gerda do I wake you ? he raise he eyebrow , entertained . what do she think ? she smile , carry on work . gerda ( cont would ) sorry ... I could not sleep . einar why ? gerda wonder about thing . einar what thing ? gerda wonder if we make a baby last night . einar smile , surprised . einar what do you think ? gerda shrug , keep sketching . gerda wonder when you get so pretty . einar oh , I be always pretty , you just never notice . gerda laugh , keep work . int . widow house , studio , a week later in the studio , einar look at the sketches gerda have make of he , darkly fascinate . he hear gerda come in . ( continued ) 26/11/15 18. continued : gerda ( 0.s. ) hello ...? einar in here ... take off she coat . gerda come in , put down she workbag , gerda 's a little self - einar 's still look at the sketches . conscious ... einar ( cont would ) this be good . gerda do you think ? he nod , absolutely serious . gerda absorb this , gratify . gerda ( cont would ) well thank you . thank you . gerda go out to hang up she coat , call - gerda ( cont would ) I have coffee with ulla . about the artist 's Ball . she ask einar draw breath to protest , but : gerda ( cont would ) do not worry - I tell she no . einar you should go , you enjoy it . gerda with you I enjoy it . einar feel guilty . einar look - it 's good to be see thing . I understand that . at that gerda and that 's why you hate they . gerda shrug - she get it . he smile . einar I feel as though I be perform myself . gerda give they you einar wegener . exactly . gerda look at he a moment . ( continued ) 26/11/15 19 . continued : gerda ( cont would ) why not give they something different , go as someone else ? she tilt she head . a look between they ... this be a departure ... einar hesitates a moment ... einar do you have someone in particular in mind ? a mischievous smile spread across gerda 's face ... she start to laugh , einar begin to understand ... laugh along ... einar ( cont would ) no - that 's outrageous ! gerda you would be very convincing ... you might even enjoy it ... einar marvel at she ... she 's only half - joke . int . widow house , bedroom , evening gerda sweep a layer of foundation over einar 's face . when she 's do , he open he eye . gerda 's take aback . gerda you will have to shave closer . einar take in he blank - out face in the shave mirror . gerda go to apply eyeliner ... gerda ( cont would ) Close you eye ... this be hard on someone else ... einar here ... einar take the crayon , draw a couple of pretty good line . einar ( cont would ) how 's that ? she marvel at he reflection . it 's bizarrely compelling . gerda better than I ever manage . his reflection look back . gerda 's energy be up ... she drape she scarf around he neck ... gerda ( cont would ) oh , lili ! I want to sketch you ... ( continued ) 26/11/15 20 . continued : she hurry he through to the studio ... arrange cushion on the chaise . gerda ( cont would ) sit ! einar sit - a distinctive pose . einar come on , hvap ! hvappe jump onto he lap . gerda sketches quickly , absorb , excited . she rearrange he , ' feminising 's he pose . gerda knee over ... head up .. look at that hand ... relax ... we see einar at a series of angle ... but he movement be more and more parodically feminine for gerda 's entertainment . the more he act it , the more fun it be , until finally gerda scold , still laugh : gerda ( cont would ) no , do not make she a slut ! einar it 's you fault , you excite she . gerda get close to pin he still . his face close on hers . gerda why , miss lili , you be forward ... einar you have no idea ... he fall on she , laugh , passionate ... gerda respond , but grab a cloth and wipe he make - up face as he kiss she . montage begins -— int . widow house , bedroom we see gerda 's work around the room , now , depict ' lili 's 's progress . einar , at the mirror , pluck he eyebrow to better resemble the glamorous arch in gerda 's sketches . ext . STREET outside widow house einar and gerda walk , a little way apart . he feel he way into she gait , she check back on he progress . 26/11/15 43 21 . ext . harbour , fish stall , day as gerda busy fish , einar be distract , observe and copying the movement of the female customer beside he ... int . opera house , stage door gerda and einar arrive . the stage doorman nod . einar Morning , thorbjorn ... 43 stage doorman good morning . int . opera house , costume shop , day gerda and einar try on wig , surreptitious , excited , adjust one another 's choice . then , a long line of almost identical shoe , beginning in tiny size but gradually get bigger . einar grab the last - biggest - pair . when he look up , gerda 's show he a dress ... int . opera house , stage door , day einar and gerda head out past the stage doorman , very pleased with themselves . gerda be several size fatter and taller - she wear a wig with a hat on top . hand stuff into coat pocket hide bulky shoe . thorbjorn look up briefly from he newspaper . then as the door close behind einar and gerda , he look up again - ? - montage end -— int . widow house , evening the lili sketches depict a gamut of mood , face and posture already become iconic . einar in the slip and the new shoe , practise he walk to settle he nerve . hear the front door open - quickly call : einar I wonder where you be , it 's get late . gerda come in ... gerda we have plenty of time . I buy this ... einar take the stocking with interest . gerda watch , entertained at he enthusiasm , but a little apprehensive ... ( continued ) 26/11/15 22 . continued : gerda ( cont would ) einar , be you sure about tonight ? einar look up , surprised . nod , without hesitation . gerda 's a little take aback at he enthusiasm . ext . STREET near canal , near royal academy of art , night Dancing light and sound - up ahead , we see a glamorous , eclectic gather : the fun-love , the arrogant , the eccentric , the bourgeois - all rub shoulder on they way to the Royal Academy . two pair of woman 's foot in step : gerda and einar , approach the melee . then gerda realise einar have slowed , drop back behind she . she turn to see he transformed in a chiffon dress with a linen sailor 's collar and cuff ... gerda what be it ...? einar 's eye shine animated . he cut a ungainly figure , but the impression be more confusing than jarring . einar be I pretty enough ? gerda 's surprised by the sincerity of the question . gerda of course you be ... he take gerda 's hand and she pull closer . einar I will never be as pretty as you . gerda study the feature , the fire behind the eye . a intensity she have not be expect ... something new ... a charge moment ... gerda 's genuinely move ... but then einar / lili laugh , break away ... leave gerda with a beat of emotion that do not belong anywhere . int . royal academy of art , staircase , night gerda and ' lili 's mingle with the crowd . a voice ring out : ulla my darling ! a flicker of fear in lili ... until gerda interpose herself : gerda ulla , let I introduce ... ( continued ) 26/11/15 23 . continued : ulla ''s eye snag for a moment as they search the familiar face and realisation dawns . Delight flood she face . then : ulla it 's lili ...! gerda that 's right . einar 's cousin from vejle ... ulla my dear , you be exquisite ... she laugh , thrilled , exchange a look with gerda . lili 's eyelash flutter , a picture of shyness as ulla summon the rest of she party - revelling in they share secret ... ulla ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) in - let 's go in ... gerda and lili - hold hand - join the crush : einar / lili you will not leave I , will you ...? gerda look down at einar / lili 's grip on she hand . gerda ( sincerely ) no . no , never . she squeeze the hand and they press forward together . int . royal academy of art , great hall , night a spectacular event . a orchestra play and people dance . ulla 's party drink and laugh . gerda and lili hang back a little , observe . there 's a circle of man in tuxedo nearby . one glance across at lili . lili look away , blush . einar / lili people be look . gerda well you be a pretty girl , you will have to get use to that . but she see lili 's really uncomfortable . gerda ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) it 's fine . you be just feel self - conscious . elsa ( 0.s. ) gerda - ! they spot elsa across the crowd ... lili shrink . ( continued ) 26/11/15 24 . continued : einar / lili go and talk to she ... gerda no , I ‘’1l stay with you ... einar / lili go. I will be fine . go before she come over here ... gerda reluctantly cross the room and greet elsa warmly . but by the time she glance back , lili have go . lili sit at the edge of the dancefloor on a bench carve with mermaid , a nerve flutter in she cheek . we see a young man , henrik sandahl , study she closely - closely enough to see she be not everything she appear , but this only seem to intrigue he . he sit beside she . lili self - consciously take a notebook from she bag , begin to jot thing down . henrik lean in , he raven hair in lili 's peripheral vision , lean forward until lili 's refusal to engage become comical . henrik be you a reporter ? lili look up . einar / lili ( flatly ) no. henrik a poetess ...? lili pack up the notebook and hurry away ... find a corridor , lead off the hall - quieter , darker ... lili feel she way along the wall , relieved to be in the cooler air , away from the party . as she eye adjust to the darkness , she see a couple kissing in a alcove . a flash of the woman 's white thigh , as the man push up she dress . lili turn away , discomfite , walk straight back into henrik . henrik ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) do you know the story of this oak tree ? einar / lili mm ...? henrik indicate a tree outside , behind lili ... henrik they say if you eat its acorn you can make a wish and become anyone you want for a day . ( continued ) 26/11/15 25 . continued : einar 's reaction flash through lili 's facade . einar / lili why would they say that ...? henrik bow , entertained by the effect he 's have ... henrik henrik sandahl . at you disposal . a moment 's hesitation , then : einar / lili lili ... henrik be you here with someone , lili ? einar / lili yes - my cousin 's wife . henrik who 's you cousin ? lili hesitates , turn back : einar / lili einar wegener . he 's a painter . henrik Rather a good one . better than most people think . einar / lili be that right ? henrik most people we age at any rate . einar / lili well .... she make to leave again , but : henrik do not go back in . it 's cooler here . besides , I be a romantic . einar / lili oh really ... henrik I prefer the shadow and ... lili steal a look at he . he lower he voice ... sincere ... ( continued ) 26/11/15 26 . continued : henrik ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) I do not mean to presume , but I have be watch you . a tremor of panic run through lili ... henrik ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) I think you might be the same . henrik hold out he hand . lili look at it , a sense of connection she can not understand , previously unimaginable ... then , tremble , lili reach out and rest she delicate , manicure hand in henrik 's ... and suddenly she nerve be completely steady . henrik lead lili along the corridor , away from the hall ... int . royal academy of art , great hall , night noisier and smokier now , too much aquavit drunk , the guest a little out of focus . gerda scan the dishevel crowd , concerned - no sign of lili . suddenly , ulla 's at she side . gerda have you see einar ? I can not find he . ulla of course you can not , he be not here ! ulla and gerda laugh ... ulla raise she glass ... more fun ! but gerda excuse herself , and continue look ... ext . royal academy of art , life - drawing room , night lili and henrik sit on a bench in the lee of a sculpt classical nude . lili 's cheek burn . henrik be clearly fascinate . the slight sense of playact between they only heighten they excitement . henrik you be different from other girl . lili scoff gently . einar / lili that 's not a very original line . henrik it 's true . you be old fashioned . lili take henrik in , decide to continue ... einar / lili provincial . I be new to the city . ( continued ) 26/11/15 27 . continued : henrik no , it 's more than that . I feel I would need to ask permission before I kiss you . a bolt of something go through lili . her eye sink , draw and repulse , to henrik 's lip . she can hardly breathe ... einar / lili I probably ought to find gerda . she head back toward the corridor ... henrik grab she hand . henrik why do not you tell she I ’11l walk you home ...? einar / lili she would not like that ... he advance , he body press against she , commanding , hold she fix in the doorway ... henrik lili ... lili pull away , flustered , arouse ... einar / lili einar might be wait up ... he would not like this ... henrik would not he ...? einar / lili no ... henrik lili ... he steady she ... repeat she name ... henrik ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) lili ... lili . Three time a charm ... we see something shift in lili ... henrik sense it ... he kiss she . when he release she she gasp , and he kiss she again , find he passion return this time ... when she finally catch she breath she can not look at he ... einar / lili you do not ask permission ... henrik I could not risk you say no . ( continued ) 26/11/15 28 . continued : stand in the corridor , by the oak , gerda watch , stunne , as lili clutches henrik 's arm , look suddenly faint , upset ... lili look down , confuse and then panicked . blood pour from she nose , down the front of she dress ... she 's appal . henrik ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) what 's happen ..? let I ... henrik try to find a handkerchief ... then see gerda approach ... he pull away from lili ... henrik ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) I be sorry I do not know what ... lili hold out she arm to gerda . henrik step back ... gerda reach lili , quickly take she weight ... gerda wrap she scarf around ' lili’ , who now look like einar in grotesque drag , smear with make - up and blood . gerda quickly , lean on I ... henrik watch , and onlooker stare as gerda support einar out of the ball ... they stumble , cling together , ashamed . int . widow house , next morning einar paint . in a smart male suit . he be stiffly compose . gerda come into the studio , in she nightclothes . find einar deeply immerse . no trace of the night 's upset . gerda how be you ...? einar you be late home last night , I think I have let you sleep . how be it ? do lili have fun ? gerda 's stunne . go to the kitchen , upset . in the kitchen , lili 's bloody clothes be soaking in a bucket . gerda struggle with the sight . begins to make coffee , then ... gerda return to the studio , watch einar , anger building . he allow it a while , then turn , brace to face she : gerda I think it would be better if lili do not come here again . einar Fine . I understand . ( continued ) 26/11/15 29 . continued : gerda you know what I would like to understand ? einar take gerda in ... how furious , how shake she look . gerda ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) exactly what happen between you and sandahl last night ? einar ( quickly ) nothing . gerda huff , disbely . einar repeat himself , angrily : einar ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) it be nothing . gerda do he know it be you ? einar blushes , shy away . einar it be not as simple as that . it 's hard to explain ... gerda lose control , shout at he : gerda I watch he kiss you , einar , so could you please make a effort ?! einar 's shocked , ashamed . he take stock , then quietly : einar he may have know who I be . but I be not always ... I . there be a moment when I be ... just lili . and I think he could see that . do you see ? gerda struggle to comprehend this shift in the landscape . gerda but lili do not exist . we make she up . einar I know ... gerda we be play a game ! einar I know we be ... but then it change ... ( continued ) 26/11/15 30 . continued : gerda 's mind reel , panic rise ... gerda this be absurd . we need to stop . make it stop einar . with genuine anxiety : einar I be go to try ... she go , still distress , leave einar alone . ext . widow house , early morning , two week later the chinese laundress ring she tiny bell along the street . int . widow house , morning the lili portrait be go . einar regards a canvas . fail to paint . in the kitchen , gerda chop vegetable , throw they in a pan . she hover in the doorway to the studio . gerda another headache ? einar it 's nothing ... she go back into the kitchen again ... gerda can I get you something ? einar I be fine . gerda return to chopping . gerda maybe you should see a doctor . einar grow agitate . einar gerda ... I be fine . gerda look round to see einar now in he coat . he quickly collect a small suitcase , go out , leave gerda to fret . ext . opera house , day no light on , no sign of life . 26/11/15 31 . int . opera house , stage door , day einar pass through , nod amiably to the familiar doorman . int . costume shop , day einar turn on the light , quickly pull off he coat . he lean forward , brace against the bench , look in the mirror . there 's a desperation about he . but now he see : the front of he shirt gape - reveal a cleavage , form by he round shoulder . einar be compel ... nervously unbutton he shirt to the waist and lean forward again . the effect be startling . he trace the shape of he ' breast 's with tremble hand . with a new urgency , he quickly strip off shirt , trousers , terrify that someone might catch he , yet drive to press on . he pull off he underwear , return to the mirror , push he cock back between he leg , squeezing he thigh tight until he have a approximation of a vagina . he round he shoulder , take in the arrest transformation , breathless with excitement , terror . a sense of impending inevitable transgression . he open he case . a carefully fold silk package unfurl into a dress , brushes against he skin . int . studio , day gerda sit in the chair look out of the window , face set against terror , she sketchbook close in she lap , brood , pressure building . she open the sketchbook : lili ... int cafe on canal , day einar / lili arrive inside a cafe , push back a headscarf . we see henrik wait at a table . he quickly stand when he spot lili - who be consume with shyness , real fear . henrik I do not think you would come . lili settles in she seat . einar / lili no. nor do i. int . widow house , studio , later gerda begin to sketch , almost afraid to begin . but she energy gather and there be soon anger and desire in the work as she conjure a lili with dark erotic potential , a frenzied relationship with the subject develop ... 26/11/15 32 . int . widow house , studio , evening gerda lie on the chaise , exhaust . hear the door , do not move . einar appear , in he overcoat . after a moment : gerda I think you might not come back . einar that 's absurd ... gerda be it ? einar can hardly bear the question ... feel terrible , wrap he arm around she . then see , at a angle , in the half - light , the new lili picture . a nude with female hip and breast . a slash of red mouth . a cigarette . int . art dealer' office , a month later , day a door open and gerda sit up - a thin young man appear . thin young man he will not be much longer . gerda sit back , too pessimistic to feel nervous . int . art dealer' office , half a hour later rasmussen study a series of gerda 's portrait , he mouth pucker with poorly disguise distaste . gerda steel herself to withstand the humiliation . rasmussen I just ... I do not know ... and then he see the lili nude . he 's suddenly intrigue ... rasmussen ( cont would ) the model ...? gerda einar 's cousin . rasmussen yes , the resemblance be ... rasmussen 's mind race . rasmussen ( cont would ) be there other ...? gerda a series back at the studio . ( continued ) 26/11/15 33 . continued : rasmussen lick he lip , excited but uncertain ... rasmussen this be different ... for this , I do not know ... there may be a market . gerda have to confirm what she 's hear : gerda you be take they . rasmussen well , yes ... he 's surprised as she be . ext . henrik' house , day lili hurry past the endless orange facade of a long row of terrace house , gerda 's embroider wrap fly in the wind behind she . knock at a door , breathless ... int . henrik' house , day henrik welcome lili at the open door ... henrik come in ... he close the door against the world . lili take in the space . she 's delighted by it - lili I do not have long ... gerda 's see rasmussen . henrik gesture for lili to sit . she settles on the couch . henrik I do not like all this lie . lili she 's very protective . henrik why do not you just tell she about we ? lili I could not do that ... lili seem a little panicked ... henrik sorry - I do not want to upset you . ( continued ) 26/11/15 34 . continued : he sit beside she , settles she ... henrik ( cont would ) come here ... lili let herself be draw closer to he ... he stroke she face . lili smile , ador . henrik kiss she and she respond eagerly . his hand work its way down she body , between she leg . lili squirm , uncomfortable . he persist ... lili bear it as long as she can , then gently : lili no ... henrik ... henrik yes ... lili no ... still in the moment of passion ... henrik einar ... lili recoil , stunne ... astonished ... lili what ...? henrik ( sweetly ) come on ... it 's alright ... but lili push he away , upset , bewilder ... lili I be sorry , I do not understand ... henrik 's frustrated . henrik einar ... please ... lili panic , grab she thing to leave , horribly expose ... lili I do not know what you mean ... I do not know what you want ... henrik I want you ! lili no ... ( continued ) 26/11/15 35 . continued : henrik yes ... wait ... wait ! lili ... lili , come back ... but lili bolt , away and out through the front door , leave henrik powerless , bereft . ext . henrik 's house , day lili rush away , disorientate , along the row of garish facade , they orange now seem grotesque ... int . widow house , day gerda struggle in with she portfolio . head for the kitchen , preoccupy by she experience with rasmussen , be take aback to see lili at the table , gerda 's embroider wrap pull tight about she . then lili look round - she face swollen and streak with tear . gerda ( concerned ) be you alright ...? lili reach out she hand and gerda take it ... einar / lili no ... she hold gerda at arm length . take a deep breath . einar / lili ( cont would ) I have be see henrik sandahl . gerda reel , speechless as lili clatter out , stumbling to the bedroom . close the bedroom door . int . widow house , kitchen , 20 minute later gerda sit - wait . finally , einar come back , in male clothing . look devastate . einar I think perhaps you know . gerda ( barely audible ) no . einar you always seem to know everything . gerda not this . ( continued ) 26/11/15 36 . continued : he nod . gerda 's desperate confusion surface : gerda ( cont would ) so ... be you in love with sandahl ? einar 's appal : einar no - I love you , gerda , only you . but lili ... angry tear well in gerda 's eye . gerda why can not you just be honest about this ! but einar 's angry too ... einar I be try ! gerda ... please ... I need you to believe I . you of all people to understand . gerda shake she head , unable to take this in ... he look at she , desperate implore ... gerda struggle : gerda okay , I need you to tell I ... when henrik and ' lili 's be together , they what ...? they kiss - we know that ... einar nod , awkward . gerda steel herself : gerda ( cont would ) have it go beyond that ? einar no ... no , lili 's never go further than that with aman . she ... she would not ... gerda hear the implication ... a bodyblow for she : gerda there have be other man ? einar sit on the bed , bite down on something difficult : einar there be another , but it be a long time ago . a chill run through gerda ... einar gather he courage . einar ( cont would ) that boy han ... back in vejle . gerda rub she brow ... everything 's happen too fast ... ( continued ) 26/11/15 37 . continued : einar ( cont would ) lili fall for he . and he kiss she . just once . einar darken at the memory : einar ( cont would ) but my father come in and he catch they ... he knock han down - he be so angry ... einar shake he head ... gerda absorb this . she look up - einar look pale , dark circle under he eye . gerda I do not know what to say . he breathes suddenly , against pain ... gerda ( cont would ) what ...? his eye close , sweat form on he brow . einar I be so sorry ... he double over , clutching he stomach ... moan horribly ... einar ( cont would ) I be so sorry ... I be not feel well . he try to get up from the table , struggle ... gerda einar ... what be this ? what 's happen ... she rush to catch he as he leg give out under he ... gerda ( cont would ) einar ... einar ...? int . radium institute , day dr hexler close the door firmly on gerda , leave she to fret in the wait room . she settles for a long wait . int . radium institute , hexler 's consulting room , day hexler sit behind a desk . he 's brisk but kind . hexler so , you see Dr andersen after a bout of severe nosebleed , which you have come to believe coincide ( more ) ( continued ) 26/11/15 continued : hexler ( cont would ) with you stomach cramp , and on a monthly basis . einar nod as he undress . hexler ( cont would ) how long have you be marry ? einar six year . hexler take note as einar continue stripping . hexler Children ? einar no. hexler be there regular copulation ? einar yes . perhaps less now than ... hexler than before you start to dress as a woman ? einar 's shocked to hear this out loud . hexler ( cont would ) Mr wegener I be a specialist . you may be embarrassed - I be not . hexler ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) so. tell I about lili . where do she come from ? einar consider ... einar Inside I . hexler seek to inject a rational note ... hexler you know the most likely explanation for all this be a chemical imbalance ? einar really ...? hexler onto the bed . einar climb onto a raise doctor 's couch . 38 . ( continued ) 26/11/15 39 . continued : hexler ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) that would explain the pain , the confuse state of masculinity and the infertility . let 's hope it be that , because that we can cure . he switch on the bright examination lamp , place he palm against einar 's lower abdomen . int . radium institute , x-ray room , day einar be strapped to a hospital trolley by a couple of nurse . hexler watch through a window onto the room . einar grasp gerda 's hand , anxious , bewilder : einar I do not need to do this ... there 's nothing wrong with I .. gerda einar , that 's not true . the nurse nod to gerda to leave . einar this can not be right ... the nurse wait ... hexler ( over tannoy ) Radiation be a miracle , Mr wegener : it destroy the bad and save the good . gerda he say it will be over very quickly ... the nurse lead gerda out ... einar take in the alien machinery of the room . she watch helplessly through a tinted window as the x-ray machine begin to whirr . hexler speak into a funnel : hexler ( cont 'd ) lie still , Mr wegener ... the juddering of the machine fill einar 's head ... a overwhelming assault on the sense ... he close he eye , vanish into himself . int . radium institute , recovery room , next day einar drowse . ( continued ) 26/11/15 40 . continued : hexler ( 0.s. ) Mr wegener ...? einar 's eye blink open . they be dark , unreadable . hexler ( cont would ) how be you feel this morning ? einar consider the question for a moment , then — einar you have hurt lili ... hexler read the distress in einar 's feature . einar close he eye again against the think . int . radium institute , corridor , day hexler speak to gerda with new gravity . hexler I be afraid you husband 's aberrant think persist . do you keep a lock on you wardrobe ? gerda of course not . hexler be nervous , but he tone be threaten . hexler Mrs wegener , you have not be encourage this delusion ? you do understand that you husband 's insane ? gerda no , that 's not true ... hexler turn , walk away . gerda 's furious ... gerda ( cont would ) we trust you , we come to you for help ... but hexler keep walk without a backward glance . ext . harbour , morning , two week later the early sun glance off the window of the widow House . int . widow house , bedroom , morning the dog look up from the bed . run over to greet gerda who have just come in from the studio . we see now the dog be keep einar company . gerda speak in a hushed voice . ( continued ) 26/11/15 4l. continued : gerda I will not be long . einar do not worry about I , I be fine . einar be ashen , eye glaze , surround by two dark circle . ext . STREET outside rasmussen 's gallery , day gerda hurry past the window . Inside we can make out a blur of lili portrait on show . int . art dealer' office , copenhagen , day gerda in rasmussen 's office . he 's unusually excited . rasmussen gerda ! where have you be ? gerda away . why , what 's wrong ? rasmussen I sell the lili portrait ! gerda be astonished ... rasmussen ( cont would ) I have enough interest to mount a full show . gerda 's amaze . gerda well that 's wonderful ... rasmussen and there 's more - I have a call from the etienne dufour Gallery - they would like to represent you in Paris . gerda in Paris ...? rasmussen you should go and see they . gerda 's mind race ... gerda oh - I can not travel just now ... rasmussen ( firmly ) gerda , this be you moment . you have wait ( more ) ( continued ) 26/11/15 42 . continued : rasmussen ( cont would ) long enough ... and this dealer can be fickle . rasmussen tut , disapprove . int . widow house , stair leading up , day gerda , in a hurry , stop to collect the mail from the foot of the stair . there 's a art magazine , a personal letter , then , underneath a envelope from the radium Institute ... hexler 's name on the back . gerda freeze , then quickly open it , read : '' no choice ... treat for perversion ... " . she struggle for a moment , panic rise , then fold the letter , stuff it in she jacket . a dark decision resolve itself in gerda 's face ... int . widow house , bedroom , day einar 's asleep . gerda pack , drive - see einar sit up . einar what be you do ? gerda gather she courage . gerda I have be ask to exhibit in Paris ... einar that 's wonderful ... gerda yes . we have to go . rasmussen say it would make all the difference ... einar 's incredulous ... einar I be not sure I can do that ... gerda you can . I x11 take care of you ... einar but surely there 's no rush ... gerda ( furious ) can not you just do this one thing for I ? but by the time she outburst be over , she 's shaking ... einar gerda , what 's happen ? gerda look at he . he 's wait for the truth . ( continued ) 26/11/15 43 . continued : gerda I have a letter from hexler ... einar he want to lock I up . gerda hold he hand , utterly determine : gerda but he will not . everything will work out for we . really - I know it . you just have to trust I ... einar I do ... gerda steel herself : gerda so . be there anything to take care of before we go ? anyone you need to tell ? einar consider a moment , then : einar no . gerda nod , relieved . she kiss he cheek , resume pack . einar concentrate on keep breathe . ext . paris by night a dazzle archetypal view of the seine and its light - studd bridge , the Cathedral of Notre Dame a bold silhouette in the background . voice come up , a excite social SOUND . int . etienne dufour gallery , night , 6 month later a emphatically chic parisian crowd admire a triumphant series of lili portrait - a couple that we see at rasmussen 's , and then several nude , lili imagine as a anatomically correct woman . a small group gather round gerda , they new star , and a still pale einar . gerda einar 's a painter too ... man in group oh ? do you exhibit in Paris ? einar I think my work be a little ... introspective for french taste . a enthusiastic american woman interrupt ... ( continued ) 26/11/15 44 , continued : enthusiastic american woman Excuse I - be the model here ? einar ride it out . gerda do not miss a beat . gerda no , she stay behind in Denmark . enthusiastic american woman oh , I be so hope to meet she . einar look down , away , affect ... gerda 's sweep off by the gallery owner , leave einar in the company of the painting of he own banish self . int . paris apartment , bedroom , night gerda and einar in bed , close , tenderness on both side . gerda gently kiss einar , then begin to work she way down he torso . he close he eye , will himself to let this happen ... gerda begin to fellate he ... he struggle with he breathe , intensely challenge einar gerda ... please ... I can not . she continue ... he 's overwhelm with panic , push she off . einar ( cont would ) no ... the attempt at intimacy be over , fail . einar 's full of guilt , distress . gerda 's hurt , lose . neither move - emotional paralysis . int . paris apartment , studio , - next day gerda work on a self - portrait . einar appear . gerda hurry , to greet he , summon a playful mood , bear of desperation . gerda will you sit for I ? just as you be . we have not do that since art school . you enjoy it then ... he smile . she stroke he face , encourage . gerda ( cont would ) the teacher suddenly at the mercy of the student . you find it exciting . gerda curl in to he . he gently extricate himself . einar I ... I can not just now . I be sorry . ( continued ) 26/11/15 45 . continued : gerda feel ashamed , can not help herself : gerda I miss you . I miss you work beside I . einar hesitates , then admit : einar I can not remember the landscape any more . I can not remember vejle . gerda struggle to adjust to this , then : gerda well you could help I with this background . what do it need ...? einar look at the painting , can hardly pull it into focus ... gerda ( cont would ) a kettlehole lake ? a farmhouse , far off ? he gently stop she - einar gerda ... he 's not go to do it . turn away , go out . int / ext . paris apartment gerda watch from the window : einar in the street below , on through the crowd until he 's out of sight . ext . rue do nuit , day different part of town , different atmosphere . prostitute on the corner cluck indulgent as einar pass . he look self - consciously about , enter a dingy house as another man come out . they barely acknowledge one another . int . 22 rue do nuit , 1st floor landing , day a hatch in a door slide open , and madame carton 's eye flash greedily from behind a iron grille . int . 22 rue do nuit , room no . 3 , day the tiny room contain a chair and a bin . we hear groans from a adjoin room . there be two small window with black shade draw . einar settles , slowly lift one of the shade . behind smudge glass , a wear - out girl in a corset and stocking grind against a chair , sullen . Beyond she , we see ( continued ) 26/11/15 46 . continued : another dark window , another man with he nose press against it . einar study the girl and gradually he body begin to mirror hers , a parody of female abandon . we see he reflection in the glass now , gradually eclipsing she ... he breathes , a almost orgasmic gasping breath of relief . int . han office , quai D ’orsay , paris , a week later , day han axgil on the telephone . a impressively upholster man , quixotic , appeal . the emphatically masculine room - dark wood infuse with han 's cigar smoke - overlook a breathtaking view of the seine . a sense of space , freedom . han hey , he 's play with we ! he know the price ... han laugh , shake he head . a quiet knock and a secretary pull a face around the door . han wave she away , impatient . han ( cont would ) look , I have to go . I have some danish girl wait to see I . but tell he we will find another buyer , no problem . he 's always the same ! int . han axgil 's office , reception , day gerda 's immediately on she foot , she strong right hand stretch towards han , unavoidable . she 's no girl . han han axgil .. he shake she hand , intrigue . gerda 's a little over - eager . gerda thank you so much for ... han do not thank I yet - I can not represent you . I do not handle any contemp ... gerda of course , no , I know that ... han the review for you show be terrific , but you work be way out of my ... gerda perhaps if you let I speak , thing would be clearer ...? ( continued ) 26/11/15 47 . continued : han stop , surprised . his secretary suppress a smile . han let you speak ? han take she in , the tough fragility of she . smile . han ( cont would ) I be a much better listener when I be eat . he nod goodbye to he secretary , show gerda the door . ext . STREET near han 's office they hurry along the street , approach the restaurant ... han well , I do not know why rasmussen give you my number , but I be happy he do ... gerda I ask he , I want to meet you , put a face to a name ... han smile , encourage . he hold open the door to a smart brasserie . gerda go through ahead of he . as she do : gerda ( cont would ) I believe you be a childhood friend of my husband . han be leave hold the door , alone . han ( crestfallen ) you have a husband ? int . smart brasserie , day gerda and han settle at a table . he nod to the sommelier . han a bottle of the mersault ... the sommelier hurry away . han study gerda . who be she ? gerda I be marry to einar wegener . han be amaze . han to einar ? ( continued ) 26/11/15 48 . continued : gerda you remember he ? han of course I remember he . my God - we be such friend . how be he ? han be excited , a boy again . gerda can not help it , blurt : gerda he tell I that you kiss he once . han be take aback ... but he amazement shift as it come back to he ... han ( cont would ) oh no ! you be right ... we be fool in the kitchen . einar be wear he grandmother 's apron ... han laugh , amaze at he young self : han ( cont would ) we be just little boy , you know , play around ? anyway , einar just look so pretty in that apron - I kiss he ! next thing I know , he father 's chase I out . han shake he head ... han ( cont would ) God - einar . hey - why do not he come today ? gerda he do not know I be here . I do not think he would like I ask for help . han 's eye flash , focus . this be what she 's come for , then : gerda ( cont would ) we do not really know people here . and einar 's ... he 's lose he way . he 's not work . he need someone to represent he - someone who know , he . he need a friend . han scrutinise gerda , she pride at odd with she need . and for the first time in she life , gerda look away , unable to hold someone 's gaze . 26/11/15 49 , int . paris apartment , kitchen , day gerda on she way out , a little anxious . hear the racket of einar hammer at a frame . gerda einar ...? she find he stretch a fresh canvas . he scarcely pause . gerda ( cont would ) I have a new dealer come over later . I would like you to meet he . einar I do not want a new dealer . it do not make sense for I . I be hardly work anyway . gerda that might change . einar I do not think so . I be happy help you . she go to contradict , but he cut she off : einar ( cont would ) no dealer . thank you . gerda it 's han axgil . einar stop , astonished . gerda ( cont would ) dinner at La dauphine at eight , then back here to see the painting . gerda 's out of the door , leave einar alone with the news . int . LA dauphine restaurant , night a intimate place by the pont neuf . a empty chair at the table . gerda and han wait . han smoke . gerda you know , einar 's still stricken with guilt about crash you kite . han it be handmade , and I have have it since I be four ! I be glad you remind I . I '’1l tease he about that . ( continued ) 26/11/15 50 . continued : gerda no - it 's too cruel . han if he ever get here . perhaps he do not want to see I ? gerda no - no , it 's not that . we should order without he . han do he abandon you often ? gerda of course not ! han be surprised at she strength of reaction . han I be joke . a waiter stand over they , amplify the moment . ext . marais STREET , night han 's car roll down the street . int . paris apartment , night gerda take out key to open the apartment door ... han I can come back another time , if you think einar would prefer it ... gerda really . he 's expect you ... and it will do he good ... but they be both a little apprehensive as they enter . gerda ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) einar ...? gerda nose into the live room , han follow . he spot a painting - he face brighten - han I know this ... the fjord at vejle ... not far from we house ! gerda yes , einar paint it just before we leave ... ( continued ) 26/11/15 51 . continued : she go ahead of han , see : lili on the chaise , in imitation of a pose in a painting on the wall behind she ... dangerously charge , she cheek flushed , eye shine . a tray with crystal glass . gerda ( cont would ) lili ... gerda reorientate herself in the proceedings , turn to han who stand struggle to make sense of the scene before he : gerda ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) han , may I introduce lili wegener - einar 's cousin from home . now lili 's up , she hand hold out . han take it ... lili you can not imagine how happy I be . he hold on to she hand , instinctively kind ... lili ( cont would ) we meet before in vejle , but you probably do not remember ... han be utterly wrongfoote ... gerda can I take you coat han ? han of course ... he come to , allow gerda to relieve he of it . she take it away . lili continue , frighteningly animated ... lili a digestif , han ? it 's so chilly all of a sudden . I feel the cold this day . I do not know why ... han thank you . han sit , but he eye wander to the portrait that be now range around the room . a kaleidoscope of lili . lili I be so sorry einar could not be here . he tell I : in vejle you be he great friend . both always plotting to get away ! han that 's true ... ( continued ) 26/11/15 continued : 52 . lili such a tedious place ! he say you have sit and look out together , beyond the fjord .. to the sea ... to the future . han oh , we have big dream ... lili and you be the only one who let he paint in peace , who tell he it be alright to be a painter . gerda return to the room . han search lili 's face for the remain of he old friend einar . han he ... use to sketch my portrait . take a stone and draw I on the rock at the side of the road . gerda turn to han : gerda I do not know that . lili oh yes . gerda would you like to see more of einar 's work ...? lili do we have any ? gerda 's surprised , unsettle by the question . gerda yes , of course , lili ... lili oh , but could not we see it another time ? I so want to hear more from han ... han , be you marry ? han no ... lili why not ? gerda flinch , but : lili ( cont would ) he do not mind , do you ...? gerda look helpless . han take over : ( continued ) 26/11/15 53 . continued : han I have ... be on my own a long time now . I be too set in my way . lili I think marriage be the single thing we should all hope for in life . han really ? lili look utterly buoyant ... lili it create someone else , more than just the two of you . it would be terrible never to know that ... her expression crumble ... han look to gerda ... gerda lili ... lili 's dissolve ... lili Excuse I . she hurry out towards the bedroom , clearly in distress . han struggle to comprehend the situation ... gerda you ... you ought to go ... han no - let I help ... she turn , hold han 's hand ... the intimacy , intensity of connection surprise he : gerda please - please - I be sorry ... he resign himself to leave ... as he reach the door : han goodnight lili ... lili ( 0.s. ) goodnight ... han let himself out . in the bedroom , gerda , still shocked , look at lili - bewilder , afraid , head hang . lili ( cont would ) I do not think he notice anything , do you ? ( continued ) 26/11/15 54 . continued : gerda I do not know ... lili no , I think I get out just in time . gerda sleep now . we ’1ll talk more tomorrow . lili can I borrow a nightdress ? gerda 's shocked . gerda no ... we have never do that . lili 's never spend the night ... einar confess : lili it do not matter what I wear . when I dream , they be lili 's dream ... gerda struggle to accommodate this , very reluctant ... but she give in , nod . what else can she do ? int . paris apartment , bedroom , later gerda in bed . lili 's sleep head on the pillow next to she , where einar 's once be . gerda turn out the light . int . paris apartment , bedroom , day gerda arrive to find lili in a bright dress with match scarf . Shopping bag everywhere . slight tension in the air . gerda a new dress ... lili and this . do you like it ? she hand gerda a bright scarf ... gerda yes . it 's perfect for you ... gerda hand it back . gerda ( cont would ) we be actually a little short of money at the moment . lili hang the scark back round gerda 's neck , hardly miss a beat : ( continued ) 26/11/15 55 . continued : lili I know , but now I be back , I can sit for you again , can not I ...? that work well before , gerda , do not it ...? lili and gerda take each other in , on a new foot ... int . paris apartment , studio , day - montage gerda paint lili who have find a new stillness . a more serious spirit beneath the translucent skin . a sense of she grow into herself . we see on the wall now a number of double portrait , tell the story of a develop negotiation - gerda and lili depict together , with a sense of close friendship or a wistful attempt at coupledom . now gerda paint with lili advise ... the two collaborate , a sense of share vision . and throughout , we see lili fully imagine as a woman , and a increasingly idealise one - unrealistically lovely ... int . etienne dufour gallery , rainy night , one month later another show of ' lili 's painting . a lot of the painting of the two as a couple , but gerda be here alone . she feel it . she work the room , determine , then see han , across the crowd . miss a beat . they make they way toward one another . a awkward social kiss . gerda 's unusually brittle . han it 's a good crowd . gerda she 's a popular girl . thank you for come . han thank you for ask I . I think you would forget all about I . gerda we have be busy . han be einar here ? gerda einar hate this kind of thing . han that 's a shame . for you , I mean . ( continued ) 26/11/15 56 . continued : gerda I do not mind . han wonder about this ... let it go . han be he well ...? gerda he 's excited . we have a old friend come to town : ulla fonsmarck , the dancer . do you know she ? han I do not think so . could I take you to dinner ? to celebrate ? someone ought to . gerda no . thank you . han absorb this , regroup . han gerda , have I offended you ? gerda no . han gerda ... he rest he hand on she arm , press for some honesty ... gerda 's cornere , the heat of the room , the nearness of han . gerda I be still einar 's wife . she brushes past he , into the crowd . a man 's voice call : man han ! han 's social mask slip quickly back into place . later : close angle on gerda , watch as a flirtatious woman whisper something in han 's ear . his eye widen , he laugh . gerda look away . quickly set down she drink and move through the crowd toward the door ... a gallery employee fret as gerda pull on she coat . gallery employee at least take a umbrella ... gerda I be fine , honestly ... ( continued ) 26/11/15 57 . continued : gallery employee if you just wait a minute someone will drive you ... but gerda 's out in the rain , the party still in full swing . int . paris apartment , kitchen , night gerda let herself in , breathless . lili 's just arrange a supper table , be surprised to see gerda home so early ... lili gerda ...? oh - you be wet through . gerda seem angry . lili try to stay buoyant ... lili ( cont would ) do it go well ...? tell I - how be it ? gerda you would know if you have be there . lili falter , then point to the table ... set with flower ... lili I have make we a supper ... gerda you should have come . lili a little sort of celebration ... gerda this be not how it go ! we do this thing together ! lili that 's you and einar . gerda 's pent - up frustration begin to boil over ... gerda stop play that stupid , stupid game ! lili do not you say this be a game ! gerda you should have be there ! lili how could I be ? look at I ! this further enrage gerda - ( continued ) 26/11/15 58 . continued : gerda not everything 's about you ! gerda be suddenly overwhelm with emotion - gerda ( cont would ) I need to see einar . lili flinch , shake she head , touch gerda , tender . lili let I help ... gerda cut she off sharply , desperation building : gerda I need my husband . just get he ! lili I can not ... lili 's eye cloud . gerda moderate , already lose hope ... gerda I want to talk to my husband . I want to hold my husband . I need he . can you get he ? can you at least try ? lili 's pain by the request . her eye plead , but gerda 's desperate , will not give up . finally lili shake she head , desperately sorry . gerda turn on she heel . the front door bang as she head off into the night , leave lili alone and deeply sad . ext . jardin do luxembourg gerda sit in the dark , watch the rain on the pond . ext . han axgil 's apartment , night han head for he building , be amaze to see gerda on the front step ... han gerda ... what be it ? she get to she foot ... han ( cont would ) you be soak ... he go to comfort she , and she embrace he ... initiate a desperate snatch kiss before break away , upset . han pursue she ... ( continued ) 26/11/15 59 . continued : han ( cont would ) gerda ... wait ... gerda I can not ... han wait ... he hurry to catch up . int . paris apartment , bedroom , night lili transition to einar . it happen awkwardly , and when einar look in the mirror , he 's baffle by he reflection . i/ E. han 's car / rainy street , night han drive a exhaust gerda , pull up outside they building . han will you be alright ? gerda I be always alright . he reach for she hand . gerda stiffen . han for God 's sake . take some kindness where you can . he keep hold of she hand . gerda feel the warmth of he . her eye fill . gerda einar always come back in the end . he always have ... han maybe this time ... he just can not . gerda I be sorry . gerda shake she head , gently rejecting han . gerda ( cont would ) I have never not finish a painting , I do not know how to give up . han smile , rueful . finally let gerda take back she hand . 26/11/15 60 . int . paris apartment , bedroom , night gerda appear in the doorway . see einar sit in the chair by the bed . she 's strike by how vulnerable he look . he look up , and with genuine regret : einar / lili I do not think I can give you what you want ... he look away , ashamed . it 's unbearable . gerda approach he . he look like lili dress as einar . einar / lili ( cont would ) I do not know how long we can go on like this . gerda no . she push in beside he . einar / lili lie in gerda 's lap . they hold each other into the night . ext . opera garnier , paris , two week later , night establish shot . int . opera garnier , stage , next day einar watch a group of dancer rehearse on stage . sitting in the stall , gerda and ulla be talk , as ulla unbind she foot . we see callouse over the knuckle of she toe , toenail break and sore . she 's use to this . ulla he need to see someone . gerda check einar 's well out of earshot . gerda you know what happen with hexler . ulla but he 's so thin , gerda ...? there 's something wrong with he . gerda look across at einar . gerda lili watch she figure ... ulla lower she voice - ulla look , there 's a doctor - he run the woman 's Clinic in dresden . ( continued ) 26/11/15 61 . continued : gerda 's face change as she hear what ulla 's tell she . ulla ( cont would ) he 's interested in man like einar . Men who be ... different . who be ... confuse . gerda 's surprised . ulla ( cont would ) he 's often in Paris . before gerda can reply , ulla be write a name on a card - ulla ( cont would ) just talk to he ? it could not hurt , could it ? - '' Prof. kurt warnekros '' . she give the card to gerda . gerda look up at einar . find he look back , plainly exhaust . int . paris apartment , morning gerda have make coffee . einar come in , dress and with some energy . gerda oh good ... you be awake ... how do you feel ? einar nod - pretty good . she pour he coffee . gerda ( cont would ) come . einar I can not - I have somewhere to go ... he pull on a jacket . gerda where ? he recoil from the question . gerda give up - gerda ( cont would ) I be sorry - I do not know how to hold on to you any longer . einar I know . but I love you and I be go to find a answer . 26/11/15 * 62 . int . biblioteque nationale , day einar at a desk pile high with book . he read , drive , fascinate . we see the book : the normal and abnormal man , a Scientific Study of sexual immorality ... ext . park , later einar make he way through the park . he look bizarre in daylight , like a woman dress as a man . he pass a couple of rough - look young man . one hiss under he breath : younger man lesbian ... einar look round , amaze , almost amused at the mistake ... when the man recognise that einar be - in fact - a man , they laugh , shocked . einar keep walk , conscious of the man shadow he , make silly obscene noise and comment . einar press on , anger and anxiety building as the man pursue . now the man pull level with he , jostle , one move ahead and rub he crotch . younger man ( cont would ) you speak English ? be you a boy ... younger man 2 or a girl ...? the first Young man leer and laugh and then we suddenly see he nose burst with blood as einar 's fist connect . the two man be catch by surprise as he lash out with terrific energy , but they regroup and then einar 's down , fist and foot fly , the man beat he furiously , until they finally run away . int . han axgil 's office , quai D ’orsay , paris day animate discussion between han and another man . han but I be worried that will be too late . I can not hold the buyer much longer ... han 's secretary put she head around the door . he glance up , annoyed , but something in she face give he pause . behind she , a man appear ... a beat before han recognise the badly swollen face . han ( cont would ) einar ... 26/11/15 63. int . han axgil 's office , bathroom han tenderly clean einar 's face with iodine . einar you be good at this . han I box for a while . einar shame you be not with I earlier . einar smile at he own humour , but it hurt too much . einar ( cont would ) sorry I have never be to see you before . han that 's alright . you be here now . einar I could not let gerda see I this way . she have enough to put up with . han acknowledge the truth of this , carry on . han let I know if you feel light-heade . einar I be permanently light -headed . han God , einar , what 's happen to you ? I do not understand ... einar ha - nor do I . but I do not think it 's anything new ... even in vejle ... han what ? einar well I be different . han it do not take much to be different in vejle ! surely , that 's why we become friend ? einar nod , accept han 's generosity . they take each other in , the absurdity of they situation settling between they . einar I want to thank you for look after gerda . ( continued ) 26/11/15 64 . continued : han be slightly uneasy . han it 's no great hardship . einar I have let she down . han she do not think that . einar struggle a moment , then : einar every morning I promise myself I 'il spend the whole day as einar . but there 's so little einar leave . han you need building up ... einar no . I think lili 's thought . all the time . even here , now , I be have to work so hard just to ... to be I . to be this . he gesture , hopeless . but han will not be defeat . han you think this thing because you be exhaust ... einar confess . einar I think sometimes about kill einar . it 's only the think that I have be kill lili too that stop I . han be appal , struggle for word . han you need to see someone . a doctor . einar no doctor . han lay he big hand heavily on he friend 's shoulder . han 130 yes , einar . you have to try . 130 int . dr buson 's clinic , one week later , day einar in a recline chair , beside a pull - down chart of the human brain . he 's focus , engage . buson seem excited . ( continued ) 26/11/15 65 . continued : buson a confuse state of identity . he snap down a diagram of the frontal lobe . buson ( cont would ) I drill small hole - here , here and here ... he touch einar 's forehead ... einar blanch , surprised . int . dr mcbride 's room , one week later a clock tick in the self - conscious reconstruction of Freud 's consulting room . mcbride adjust he pince - nez . mcbride I have listen carefully and I be afraid it 's not good news . from the couch , einar wait for the diagnosis . mcbride ( cont would ) you be a homosexual . einar fail to stifle a bitter laugh . int . etablissement hydrotherapique , one week later , day Dr mai observe einar , fascinate , over tent finger . einar well , I do not really know what kind of help I need , but I can not go on live without know who I be . dr mai mm ... very good ... Dr mai nod vigorously , scribbles definitively onto a pad . mai please excuse I a moment ... he nod politely go out , leave einar alone . curiosity get the better of einar and he work he way to the desk , look at the pad . as the sun fall across it , he can clearly see the imprint of a word : schizophrenic ... einar panic , grab he coat ... int . etablissement hydrotherapique , corridor , day Dr mai hurry down the corridor flanke by male nurse . 26/11/15 66 . int . etablissement hydrotherapique , dr mai 's room , day Dr mai and the man look on , impotent , as the lace curtain float at the window onto the courtyard . einar have go . int . paris apartment , studio , night gerda come home . the place be in darkness . she startles . einar 's be wait for she . gerda sit . einar do you think I be insane ? gerda do a doctor say that ? einar I be sorry , I know we agree no more ... but look at I . she do - carefully , see lili , just below the surface . gerda you be not insane . einar 's grateful . gerda fight emotion ... gerda ( cont would ) do I do this to you ? einar do not understand ... einar what ...? gerda sometimes I think if it have not be for the painting ... einar oh no ... no , no . you help bring lili to life , but she be always ... she be wait ... gerda but now she 's make you ill . einar I do not know what to do . the doctor can not help I . einar 's at the end of the road . gerda broaches the subject she most fear : gerda do you want to try one more ...? ( continued ) 26/11/15 67 . continued : einar be surprised . what do gerda have in mind ? int . restaurant , day gerda and einar sit , both nervous . opposite , warnekros observe einar closely . a nervous tension in the air . warnekros so what do you think would explain what you have be experience Mr wegener ? einar Professor warnekros ... the fact be ... I believe I be a woman inside . gerda and I believe it too . einar look to gerda , grateful to hear she say this out loud . einar you probably think I be insane . that we both be ... warnekros smile . he light a cigarette , take he time . warnekros well , there be people who think that I be insane . but I think you be probably right . einar 's amaze . warnekros breathes , begin : warnekros ( cont would ) I have meet another man like you . einar grasp gerda 's hand , fill with hope ... warnekros ( cont would ) I pursue he case - against the wish of my colleague , of course . warnekros consider a moment , then : warnekros ( cont would ) I tell he I could operate . to make he fully a woman . einar be that really possible ? einar and gerda struggle to take in the idea . gerda what happen to the man ? be the operation successful ? ( continued ) 26/11/15 continued : 68 . warnekros it never take place . on the morning of the first operation , he run away . he be too frighten . einar I would not do that . warnekros manage a grim laugh . sound a warning -— warnekros perhaps he be the smart one . the surgery have never be attempt before . gerda try to get a grip on thing : gerda Professor warnekros , what be this surgery ...? warnekros two operation ... the first to remove the male part entirely . the second - once you be strong again - to construct a vagina . gerda look to einar - einar 's rapt . warnekros ( cont would ) a irreversible change , and a high risk of failure , of infection , complication . warnekros 's hand wave through the air , suggest the worst ... gerda it 's too dangerous ... einar it 's my only hope . gerda and einar exchange a look . warnekros observe . warnekros I leave for dresden at lunchtime tomorrow . he warn they , a unmistakably serious tone : warnekros ( cont would ) Mrs wegener , I do believe I can help you husband . but he will not be you husband when I have finish . 26/11/15 % + h fh HH hf % 69 . ext . train station , morning a noisy bustling platform . people rush in all direction . einar check he ticket , about to board the train . han and gerda be with he , almost sweep away by the tide of people . han carry he case . they find a space in the crowd . einar strain at he starch collar - he suit be emphatically masculine . einar I feel strange go dress like this . gerda it 's important . han say the Germans will check you papers . han do not take any chance . you be nearly there . han and einar embrace , then han hold he at arm length . einar I will not be see you again . han you know , I have only really like a handful of people in my life and you have be two of they . einar half - laugh . han twinkle . han ( cont would ) take care . take care . the man part . han withdraw . einar turn to gerda . what can he say ? they hold one another close , intensely private . gerda I wish you have let I come with you . einar I can not . you love einar . and I have to let he go . they kiss , a emotional parting . she remove she bright scarf . gerda here , take this ... he take it , smile , and board the train - just in time . the air fill with steam and noise . gerda raise she hand to wave as the train pull out , carry einar away . einar fight tear as he move off ... gerda run alongside a little way , the gap that 's open between they suddenly unbearable . and then ... the train have go . gerda turn to leave , find han wait . she walk past he , bereft . ( continued ) 26/11/15 148 70 . continued : han gerda ...? let I give you a lift . she barely turn , hand stuff firmly in she pocket . gerda I be go to walk . she stride down the platform , try to outpace the pain , face set , body strong . she could walk like this forever . int . train compartment , day einar watch the scenery fly by outside . int . paris apartment , studio , evening gerda prepare a fresh canvas . int . tiny bathroom on train . einar open a document - he passport . take a long look - guard ( 0.s. ) next stop , dresden . dresden be the 148 next stop ... int . paris apartment , studio , day gerda , charcoal in hand , the canvas before she , wait to begin . then there 's a swift line on the canvas - the curve of a flank - conjure a nude einar or lili ... whatever name be attach to it now . she sketches the form of a body she love . strong magic to keep it from harm . ext . STREET , dresden , afternoon lili walk into town , a high road that give she a panoramic view of the river . int . warnekros 's clinic , reception , early evening receptionist hello ...? lili yes , my name be lili , I be here to see Professor warnekros . receptionist lili what ? ( continued ) 26/11/15 71 . continued : lili wonder , surprised at the question ... lili oh ... lili elbe . yes . like the river . the receptionist nod . write it down . receptionist please take a seat ... lili settles ... look around . a sanctuary . for woman . int . warnekros 's office , evening lili sit with Professor warnekros . behind he , anatomical model of woman 's reproductive part , plastic foetuse . lili must I really wait ? warnekros it 's only a week , we need you to rest and gain some weight . we can not risk a infection . Professor warnekros rise , rest he hand on lili 's shoulder , paternal . lili pat he hand , tender , submissive . warnekros ( cont would ) for what I be attempt , you will need to be strong . lili this be not my body , Professor . please take it away . ext . warnekros 's clinic , dresden , garden , day lili amidst other young woman patient , many pregnant . she concentrate on balance a teacup on she knee . a voice : URSULA ( 0.s. ) do you think spring will come early ? lili look round . a delicate blonde , URSULA , sit nearby . URSULA ( cont would ) I see you look at the crocus . lili oh - yes . you be have a baby . Ursula nod , cradle she round belly . URSULA and you ? ( continued ) 26/11/15 * 72 . continued : lili no - I be ill inside . but Professor warnekros 's go to make I better . he 's operate tomorrow . URSULA will you be able to have child after ? the question catch lili by surprise , set she think ... lili I do not know . URSULA I hope so . lili smile , full of optimism . int . warnekros 's clinic , dresden , lili 's room , evening a particularly solicitous nurse give lili a white pill . nurse to help you sleep tonight . later - lili at the sink , wipe a washcloth over she face . the water run a peachy colour as powder and rouge rinse away . lili look in the mirror at einar for the last time . int . paris cafe , evening han smoke he cigar . pick a speck of tobacco from he tongue . han rasmussen call . the dufour people want you in they group show . I like the idea . gerda look across at he , have not hear anything . gerda I be sorry ? han the dufour Gallery ? but gerda shake she head . han sigh , consider , then : han ( cont would ) gerda , why do not you go ...? gerda he ask I not to . ( continued ) 26/11/15 73 . continued : han he want to protect you . you should be there . I will go with you . gerda turn on he : gerda no . if I go , it will be alone . han now you be sounding like einar . gerda I be like einar . han seethes , frustrated . han what do you want I to do gerda ? gerda I want you to go away . han be surprised , hurt . han really ? gerda look down , fix she eye on a burn mark on the tabletop . she sense movement as han chair be push aside . gerda no , I be sorry ... but it 's too late . han be go . int . warnekros 's clinic , dresden , next day einar / lili sleep a deep sleep . we pull out to see the operate theatre around she , warnekros prepped to begin . int . professor warnekrosss clinic , dresden , corridor / lili 's room warnekros escort gerda along the corridor . warnekros she only regain consciousness very briefly . we be have to give she a great deal of morphine , of course , so that 's to be expect . as they reach lili 's room , a cry fill gerda with fear . ( continued ) 26/11/15 74 . continued : warnekros ( cont would ) it 's nothing , I assure you ... gerda be stunne to see lili hold down by rope weight with sandbag . she look terrible , grey -green , exhaust . a nurse administer morphine , another soothes . nurse you must not move lili . it only make it worse ... gerda ( under she breath ) my God ... the nurse push a paralyse gerda gently aside -— nurse Excuse I ... the nurse slip a mask over lili 's face . she suck gratefully at the numb gas . gerda come to , galvanise herself , move the nurse aside , take hold of the mask . gerda I will do that . I be here now . do not worry , I be here ... the nurse look to warnekros - he nod . she withdraw . gerda smooth lili 's brow , determine , devote . ext . warnekros 's clinic , garden , two week later , day lili doze in she wheelchair . gerda sketches . lili smile a little but she eye do not open . gerda notice , stop . lili I can feel I be get better when I listen to you pencil . she open she eye . lili ( cont would ) you have always sketch I better than I be . gerda have I ...? lili what you draw , I become . you make I more beautiful , now you be make I strong . such power in you . gerda smile . lili reach out and touch she hand . lili 's eye shine , full of anticipation . ( continued ) 26/11/15 166 75 . continued : lili ( cont would ) shall we go back to Denmark then , gerda ? shall we go home ? int . widow house , copenhagen . studio , 1 month later , day gerda crack the lock on the shutter , push they open , flooding the long -dark room with light . outside , the bustling harbour - gerda lili ! lili , you be late ... 166 lili appear . she 's excited - dress , make up ... gerda hold out a little pill - box . gerda ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) so , this ... lili every two hour . and I have to eat something first . I have a few macaroon in my bag all ready . gerda and this , only if you need they . lili salute like a girl guide . gerda marvel at she ... so alive . gerda ( cont would ) good luck . lili leave . gerda breathes again . a new beginning . ext . STREET outside the widow house , day lili make she way down the street , she confidence slowly building . a man lift he hat as she pass and she look away , surprised and pleased . int . fonnesbech 's department store , day lili hang on the glamourous manageress 's instruction . fit perfectly with the other paint doll behind the perfume counter . manageress and remember , make a purchase at fonnesbech 's be not merely shopping . it 's a experience ! you live in Paris , yes ? lili oh yes ... ( continued ) 26/11/15 76 . continued : manageress let everyone know ! the store be a stage - we be here to perform . lili look out over the cut -glass bottle and endlessly reflect surface , thrilled ... int . fonnesbech 's department store , day lili at work . she explain to a older female customer : lili and in Paris , a lady would never dream of spraying the scent directly onto herself . the woman listen , entrance by lili 's animated lecture . lili ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) no , you spray the air , see , and walk into it ... lili skip into the mist of scent . lili ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) voila ..! lili skip into the mist of scent . lili ( cont would ) you try ... the woman be shy , but lili 's enthusiasm be so infectious ... later : lili rearrange the perfume bottle on the counter until they be perfectly align ... a real satisfaction in the aesthetic endeavour . int . fonnsbech 's department store lili and she colleague pour out of the store , demob-happy . lili offer they sweet from she handbag . girl it 's so unfair - you have get the sweetest tooth and the narrowest hip in the whole store ... girl 2 how do you manage it , eat so much sugar ? lili oh , the trick be to eat nothing else ... ( continued ) 26/11/15 77 . continued : they all laugh . lili move to go ... girl see you tomorrow ! the girl hurry into the arm of she wait boyfriend . lili watch , intrigue . until - girl 2 lili - be you come ... and lili rejoin the throng . ext . STREET running past canal , day lili walk along the canal , savour the journey . the sun sparkles on the water , and all around people be meeting and talk , a world of life that she finally feel part of ... int . widow house , gerda 's side of the room , night a quiet , dreamy atmosphere . gerda lie awake , watch lili 's lamplit silhouette on the other side of the divide sheet . lili write in she notebook . after a while : gerda you know one night last week , I have the strangest dream . lili what ...? gerda I dream you be get marry . lili 's silhouette sit up ... lili do you think I ever will ...? gerda who know ? so many strange thing have happen . gerda ( cont would ) it 's not so long ago we be marry ... you and I . gerda wait in the silence for some response . lili you and einar . gerda I know it be einar . but really it be you and I . ( continued ) 26/11/15 78 . continued : they both absorb this idea ... lili 's silhouette wait a moment , then lie back down . gerda curl into herself . ext . cafe on harbour , day lili pass the cafe on the harbour as usual , glance over ... her footstep slow ... sitting alone at a table be a familiar face : henrik look up from he newspaper : lili . he look shocked ... then delighted ... henrik be it really you ...? lili smile ... lili I believe so . they begin to laugh , light up with euphoria . henrik hurry to pull out a chair for lili to sit down ... later : lili and henrik at a table together . henrik be stunne . henrik so what you be suggest be .. lili tilt she head , wait , pleased with herself ... henrik ( cont would ) that a doctor ... henrik glance around , lower he voice ... henrik ( cont would ) ... intervene ... lili to correct a mistake in nature . I have a passport to prove it . henrik he make you a woman ...? lili bridle slightly , correct he kindly - lili God make I a woman . the doctor cure the sickness that be my disguise . henrik push , still struggle . lili 's confidence ebb ... ( continued ) 26/11/15 +e hf * 79 . continued : henrik a real woman ? the question hang between they . int . widow house , studio , night lili sit write in she notebook , all seriousness . gerda look up from read . lili take a pill , resume write . gerda you be go to need a new notebook if you carry on like this . lili when Professor warnekros suggest I keep a diary ... well , I think I would never have anything to write . but it help , to make sense of thing . gerda perhaps I should try it . lili almost smile . gerda ( cont would ) do you never think of painting ? lili 's surprised . gerda ( cont would ) you might be good at it . lili I want to be a woman , not a painter . gerda well , people have be know to do both . I would be curious to see what you paint , that 's all . sometimes it 's hard to know what 's in you ... lili take a pill , testy . gerda 's can not help herself : gerda ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) do not you just take one of that a minute ago ? lili gerda , I know what I be do . gerda back off . lili ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) I be go to get some fresh air . ( continued ) 26/11/15 80 . continued : lili get she coat and gerda 's wool wrap . but as lili head for the door - lili ( cont would ) you know sometimes I wonder why you let I go through all this if you think everything would be the same afterwards . gerda 's wrongfoote ... gerda I do not . but I promise einar I would take care of you . lili for goodness 's sake , gerda - einar be dead . we both have to accept that . you take care of I , now I have to take care of myself . I have to have a life of my own . and you need to do the same . lili call the dog , head for the door , and be go . gerda be leave alone to process this exchange ... int . widow house , next day in the studio , gerda reorganises , determine - paint , brushes , solvent everywhere . she have already take down most of the sketches from she studio wall . it be blank - a clean sheet . she consider ... ext . phone kiosk on harbour , day gerda pace , exercise , all nervous indecision . resolves to enter the booth ... we hear a phone ringing . int . han axgil 's office , paris , reception , day the receptionist at she desk , on the phone : receptionist yes , in London ... be it urgent ? should I could ask he to ..? ext . phone kiosk on harbour , day gerda , on the phone , disappointed , wrong -foote . gerda oh , no that 's fine . just tell he ... just say ... ( continued ) 26/11/15 81 . continued : she struggle to compose a message . gerda ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) it 's a beautiful day in Copenhagen . she hang up , discompose . feeling like a stupid teenager . ext . harbour gerda pass the fish stall , greet the female fishmongers - then see lili , up ahead , on henrik 's arm . henrik see gerda ... alert lili . gerda nod politely and quickly head in the opposite direction . int . widow house , night food cooking on the stove . gerda drink a glass of wine , thoughtful . lili arrive home , on eggshell ... lili it 's not what you think . henrik be homosexual . there 's nothing between we . but I should have tell you I would see he . gerda no you should not ... lili he 's just a friend , gerda . someone to talk to . gerda ( without rancour ) because you can not talk to I . gerda pour wine for lili . she accept the glass . lili about some thing , no . gerda lift she glass , propose a mute toast , but lili have something more on she mind ... lili ( cont would ) I have make a decision . I be go back to dresden . for the second operation . gerda 's blood run cold . gerda it 's too soon . ( continued ) 26/11/15 * continued : lili no , it 's time . I need to finish what I start . gerda you be not strong enough ... lili Professor warnekros think I be ... gerda warnekros ...? he have not see you . lili I have make up my mind . gerda shake she head , disbelief ... gerda it could kill you . lili ( cont 'd ) I be go on Friday . will you come with I ? gerda 's mind race to absorb the announcement ... gerda I will not help you to hurt yourself . lili bite down on it : lili gerda , will you come ...? int . warnekros 's clinic , lili 's room , rainy night 82 . lili 's sit up in bed , gerda 's bright scarf around she shoulder . warnekros hold lili 's wrist , check the pulse . warnekros this will be harder than the last operation ? you understand that . lili yes I do . a note of warning . warnekros it 's complex surgery . lili and I nil sleep all the way through it ! ( continued ) 26/11/15 83 . continued : warnekros yes you will , but ... lili you 'il be there when I wake up . lili half - joke : lili ( cont would ) I want a husband who look just like you ! then , more thoughtful : lili ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) and maybe a child . like a real woman . warnekros nod , kindly , but ... warnekros one step at a time . he get up . warnekros ( cont would ) get some rest , now . goodnight . he smile , go to the door . gerda 's wait outside . they cross in the doorway , polite but not warm . lili smile , see gerda . gerda sit on the bed . lili you be still angry with I . gerda I be not angry with you , I be worried about you . gerda lay she head in lili 's lap , tired with anxiety . lili stroke she hair . we feel the depth of love between they . lili ( cont 'd ) you hear my wish gerda . when no one else could hear I , you do . gerda 's eye begin to fill . she collect herself . gerda come . we both need we rest . I can sleep in the chair , there ... lili off to you little hotel . gerda I do not mind ... ( continued ) 26/11/15 84 . continued : but lili insist . lili be there chocolate on the pillow ? gerda cigarette burn . lili laugh , kiss gerda 's cheek . lili take this ... there 's a chill in the air . lili go to hand over gerda 's scarf , but : gerda you keep it . for now . lili smile , a little mischievous . but then a look between they . gerda 's afraid . lili I be go to be fine . gerda nod , determine to believe it . gerda yes . lili sleep well . gerda goodnight . lili be determinedly bright . gerda take she coat and bag . the door close behind she . a couple of moment pass and then lili begin to dissolve , release tear of overwhelming fear and anticipation ... int . dresden HOTEL , reception , night the concierge approach , solicitous . gerda room 9 . the concierge turn to get gerda 's key . the sound of a cocktail piano in a adjacent room serve to reinforce she isolation . but then she see reflect in the mirror - a familiar face - gerda ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) han ...? ( continued ) 26/11/15 85 . continued : gerda turn , barely hold herself together ... he catch she in a heavy , passionate embrace . a huge sense of relief , reunion , trust . han it 's alright . gerda nod , greatly comfort by he presence . gerda yes . han everything will be alright . gerda hang on to han , desperately want it to be true . int . warnekros 's clinic , lili 's room , dawn a nurse help a quietly determine lili into a surgical gown . int . operating theatre warnerkros , scrubbed in , serious , ready to begin . warnekros good luck , everybody . lili anaesthetise . we stay on she face , hear voice , the clank of instrument . rain beginning ... the sound of it increasingly intense as the wind come up too ... int . warnekros 's clinic , reception , next morning Morning light stream in , harsh , unforgive . han hold the door for gerda . she 's barely inside when the receptionist jump urgently to she foot . receptionist Professor warnekros would like a word ... gerda 's face register anxiety . han gesture - he 's back off . he will wait . gerda hurry away . int . warnekros 's clinic , dresden , morning warnekros and gerda walk purposefully along the corridor - warnekros she lose a lot of blood . now we be struggle to keep the fever down . there 's a chance it will burn itself out , but ... ( continued ) 26/11/15 86 . continued : they arrive at the doorway to lili 's room . warnekros show * gerda in . lili sleep fitfully , slick with sweat . * warnekros 's clearly worried . gerda 's astonished at how ill she look . warnekros ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) ( deeply regretful ) I be sorry ... I have to be honest . the prognosis be not ... he can not finish , but gerda barely hear he anyway ... gerda go away ... thank you . leave we * alone . gerda hang in the doorway , block it , until warnekros be * oblige to turn away . we follow he , walk back down the * corridor , alone , exclude , burden by failure . * int . warnekros 's clinic , dresden , garden , night heavy spot of rain begin to splash down . most of the hospital in darkness . a light glow in one room . int . warnekros 's clinic , dresden , lili 's room , night gerda in the chair at lili 's bedside , mop she brow . the rainstorm beat outside . a nurse enter with a jug of water . gerda nod , grateful . int . warnekros 's clinic , dresden , corridor , dawn a cleaner work she mop and bucket down the corridor . han sleep in a chair up ahead . int . warnekros 's clinic , dresden , lili 's room lili sleep , calmer now . her face translucent in the morning light . gerda sleep in the chair beside she . gerda wake , disorient for a moment , then look at lili , sleep peacefully , clearly cooler now ... gerda feel she brow - no heat there any more ... gerda 's relief be palpable . she smooth lili 's fringe , then get up , open the curtain - wide - the sun just start to show in the rain - wash sky . she turn back to see lili 's eye open . gerda lili ...? lili struggle to speak . ( continued ) 26/11/15 87 . continued : gerda ( cont would ) I be here ... just lie still ... it 's alright ... lili smile through she medicate haze . she see han hurry in ... thrilled to see she awake ... han oh , lili . how be you ? her voice be faint , crack . she take in han and gerda : lili I be ... entirely myself . han laugh gently . han i‘1l tell warnekros she 's awake . han go . gerda sit back beside lili , fix she hair . gerda you know you have we worried ... lili 's frail , otherworldly , but she eye burn bright . she look to the window . lili can I go outside , gerda ? into the garden ? gerda I think you should rest ... but lili take gerda 's hand , a great sense of calm in she . she look at gerda . gerda still there , always there . lili please ... ext . clinic garden gerda wheel lili out in a wheelchair , han hold the door open for she to pass . a glance between he and gerda , then he leave the woman alone . gerda be settles herself in a chair beside lili , rest she hand on lili 's arm . the birch tree in spring leaf . a light breeze make they quiver . lili 's breathe be shallow . we feel the depth of love between the woman , and the precariousness of they situation . lili you must not worry about I any more , gerda . ( continued ) 26/11/15 88. continued : gerda it 's a old habit . I be slow to change . lili how have I ever deserve such love ? gerda struggle to remain compose . lili ( cont would ) I be sorry you be frighten . there 's nothing to be afraid of any more . gerda no. lili you know , last night , I have the most beautiful dream ... I dream I be a baby in my mother 's arm ... and she look down at I ... and call I lili ... gerda be amaze , deeply move ... gerda lili ... lili 's feature arrange themselves into a expression of perfect joy as she sink back into something which gerda gradually see be deeper than sleep ... gerda ( cont would ) lili ... gerda clutches the hand ... no response ... smooth the brow ... still nothing ... gerda ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) lili ...? gerda press lili 's hand against she cheek , overwhelm with grief . lili look blissfully happy . the dawn light grow stronger in the garden ... int / ext . jutland , dawn , two week later han 's car roll into the bleak landscape . han and gerda inside . gerda look out - at a landscape she know with absolute intimacy , although she 's never be here before . it 's all here ... the imagery from einar 's painting , sing with life ... a wild stretch of rocky green under soft northern light , a row of beautiful black - limb tree , bent over , but not break , by the wind ... 26/11/15 89 . ext . cliff overlooking kattegat sea , jutland , morning han tail gerda . she battle the incredible gust of salt air , the bright scarf fly like a flag at she throat . she push on , closer to the cliff edge ... finally she reach a amazing vantage point , be stunne by the view : a rectangle of ferociously stormy sea , silver wave whipped by a wind that sting , relentless . we hear the rustle and punch of the weather go at she . han join she . they stand there look out until they can hardly breathe any more . han take she armto steady she , but as she turn toward he the wind rip up under the bright scarf , snatch it into the air . gerda gasp - a moment of loss - but then , something else ... as han hurry to try and catch it - gerda no - leave it ..! leave it .. she pull he back , watch it dance , tear of joy in she eye ... gerda ( cont ’d ) let it fly ... the scarf swoops up and dive down , curl and roll , as free as child ... a girl at play . gerda clutches she coat at she breast , almost delirious at the beauty of it . han watch with she - the absurdly joyous spectacle of it , a stun farewell . and as the scarf dance out from the cliff , out to sea ... into eternity ... end 26/11/15