the bling ring written by sofia coppola shoot script White March 06 , 2012 Blue revision March 16 , 2012 learn from yesterday , live for today , hope for tomorrow . @ khloekardashian 2 . 1 ext . hollywood hill mansion - night 1 a Toyota park and five teenager get out and walk towards we , down a quiet residential street in the Hollywood Hills . one of they , a slightly drunk girl in a pale blue juicy sweat suit stumble . drunk girl ( nicki ) ( laugh ) shit . girl 1 ( rebecca ) c'mon . hurry up . they come to a gated home . a girl that seem to be the leader , lean down and pull on a unravel part of the bottom of the chain link fence . she roll under , and the other follow . a loud song kick in as they put they sweatshirt hood up in unison and turn around and walk backwards toward the house . they have do this before , they have it down . one check under the mat of the front door , we follow they as they go around to the back , check door , and find a back window open . a guy give girl 1 a lift up , we see she bright underwear as she climb inside into a laundry room . she run around to open a side door for the rest , and they slip inside . once inside , we follow rebecca into a bedroom dress area . she be the 17 yr-old Korean - american ring - leader , who be totally cool and compose . she look over she shoulder at the other with a raise eye - brow . rebecca let 's go shopping ! and she pull open the closet door . close up : grab Louis vuitton bag . a drawer open with a few rolex , that be scoop in to a Louis vuitton duffle bag . ( continued ) 3. 1 continued : 1 a underwear drawer be open , and pick through . a medicine cabinet be open , a hand grab bottle of prescription pill and dump they in a bag . we see the other kid grab thing and load up bag . Rebecca put on a hat she find and look at herself in a mirror pose , then get back to it . CUT to : 2 ext . hollywood hill mansion - night 2 the kid exit with they hood up , carry out the Louis vuitton bag and other loot , as much as they can carry . CUT to : the kid make they get -away : one girl , nicki lean over and throw - up on they way out . they get into the Toyota and peel out . 2a MAIN title - montage : 2a the bling ring close up : flashbulb go off . titles intercut with montage of mug shot of attractive teenager and news clip . we see a clip of black &amp ; white video surveillance of the kid ' approach to the house walk backwards with hood up . Pan across a row of louboutin platform heel . we see the glittery view of Hollywood at night . close up : a Facebook page of a party photo of Rebecca in the hat we see she try on earlier . Pan across a pile of quilt chanel bag . t.v. image of a starlet on the red carpet pose for picture . close up : on a stack of shiny diamond necklace . ( continued ) revise Blue - 03/16/12 4. 2 continued : 2 a Facebook page with party photo of one of the girl , Chloe in a slutty outfit , with tattooe thug , and the quote " wanna smoke a bluuuunt " . Pan across calabassas mcmansion . 2b ext . courthouse 2b slow motion - marc , 16 , stylish and good look , dress in a black suit and sunglass , walk outside the courthouse like a movie star flanke by paparazzi . Music and title end on : 2c ext . courthouse 2c nicki , 17 , pretty brunette with long hair , sunglass and lip gloss talk to a reporter : nicki ( emotional ) I be a firm believer in karma , and I think this situation be attract into my life as a huge learn lesson for I to grow and expand as a spiritual human be . I see myself be like a angelina jolie , but even stronger , push even harder for the universe and peace and for the health of the planet . I want to lead a huge * charity organization . I want to * lead a country for all I know . * CUT to black we hear a alarm clock go off . title : 1 year earlier CUT to : 3 int . nicki and sam' bedroom - morning 3 Nicki and Sam , also pretty , slutty and 17 , be waking up in a messy teenage bedroom . clothes be all over the floor , a knot of duvet cover part of a girl , with leg stick out , we can see a lotus blossom tattoo . ( continued ) 5 . 3 continued : 3 laurie ( o.s. ) Girls , time to get up ! Sam struggle to sit up , she 's in a tight tank with bed head . she roll she eye . SAM oh my lord , you be so out of control last night . nicki what about you ! you be all over that old guy , the manager ... Sam laugh . SAM oh yeah . he be totally perving out . she start to slip into skinny jeans . 4 int . kitchen - day 4 Laurie , Nicki 's mom , pretty ex- playboy model in she 40' in juicy sweatpant and a tank top , get breakfast ready . she open a cabinet as she call up to they . a little yorkie nip at she heel . laurie Girls ! time for you aderall ! let 's go ! Emily , 13 , sleepily sit down for some cereal . emily Mom , they get home so late last night . Laurie with wide eye and a force calm voice answer she . laurie that 's none of you concern , I will handle it . she call up to they again . laurie ( cont 'd ) Girls ! Nicki and Sam wander down to breakfast , dishevel . ( continued ) 6 . 4 continued : 4 laurie ( cont 'd ) what time do you get home last night ? SAM uh...late . laurie you know it 's a school night . nicki we know ... Laurie try to sound cheerful and in control . laurie let 's have we morning prayer and then we will meet in the live room at eight to start today 's lesson on the law of attraction , ok ? they join hand as Laurie enthusiastically lead they in she prayer . laurie ( cont 'd ) my chief aim in life be to continually strive to express my great potential as a spiritual human be and contributor to the great good for we planet and all that who live on it . I know that I have the ability to reach my aim in life , by persistent action and that the thought of my mind will reproduce themselves in outward physical reality . I will channel my energy towards my aim in life with graciousness and loving kindness to myself and other . laurie and girl ( in unison ) and so it be . laurie wahoo ! CUT to : 7. 4a int . marc be room - day 4a Marc get dress for school . he look at himself in the mirror , anxious to start a new school . he get he thing together . 5 ext . indian hill school - day 5 Marc be be drop off by he mom , Debbie in a modest car . kid be enter school for the day . they be the burn out kid . debbie have a great day . marc thanks . debbie I hope you like it here . it always take a little time to get settle in . marc yeah . ok , thanks , Mom . he head in to school . as he walk up , he can feel kid look at he . he see bunch of kid in group check he out . CUT to : 6 int . classroom - day 6 Marc enter the full classroom . he look for a seat , kid stare at the new kid . a mexican goth girl glare at he as he find a seat in the back . the student all look like reject . CUT to : 7 int . school hallway - day 7 the bell ring and kid come out of they class . ( continued ) 8. 7 continued : 7 Marc come out of a classroom and look for he locker . we overhear a girl complain to she friend . school girl I can not believe it , someone hack into my account and change my password to cheeze it . school girl 2 no way , that suck . the girl bump into Marc at he locker as she pass . school girl watch it . Rebecca , dress casually like a off-duty Hollywood starlet , look over at Marc . she close she locker . rebecca hey , new kid . Marc look up , as she saunter over . rebecca ( cont 'd ) you get shamus for English ? marc yeah . rebecca he 's the worst . he 's a real perv . marc oh ok , I will watch out , thanks . he laugh , grateful to she for bond . they walk down the hall . rebecca where you head ? marc gym , where 's that ? rebecca it 's down here ... where be you from ? ( continued ) 9 . 7 continued : 7 marc agoura Hills , but I be away for a year , do home school ... rebecca bummer . how would you end up in the drop - out school ? marc I get kick out of the last school for too many absence . what about you ? rebecca for have isubstance ' you be not suppose to have at school . she smile slyly . rebecca ( cont 'd ) see you later . she split off ... then turn back to he . rebecca ( cont 'd ) hey , you want to come to the beach after school ? marc yeah , sure . we walk with Marc , he smile to himself . CUT to : 8 int . chloe' s.u.v . - day 8 Marc , Rebecca , and she friend Chloe , 17 , a rich calabasas wanna be thug , drive on the pch in the smoky car . Chloe sing along to some rap song like she 's from the hood . CUT to : 9 ext . beach - late afternoon 9 Marc , Rebecca , and Chloe hang out watch the wave , smoking a joint . there be other kid around , hang out . ( continued ) 10 . 9 continued : 9 rebecca I just have to graduate , so I can go to f.i.d.m. - fashion Institute of Design , the Hills girl all go there . marc cool , and then intern at Teen vogue ? rebecca tote ... and then have my own line , and fragrance , host a show ... marc yeah , I would like to have my own lifestyle brand . rebecca definitely . some girl walk by . beach girl yo wassup , Chloe . chloe yo , bitch . beach girl you go to karly 's later ? chloe maybe . beach girl ok , see you . chloe late . the girl pass by . rebecca my mom and she douchey husband be out of town , if you guy want to come over later ? CUT to : 11 . 10 int . rebecca' house - night 10 Music be play . kid roam around with beer . some kid be smoking out of a big bong , and sing along to a hip hop chorus . in a bedroom , Rebecca 's older sister sarah , 19 , be sell little baggy of coke . sarah it 's fifty . kid oh c'mon . sarah you want it or not ? she dangle the baggie like a treat . he take it . sarah ( cont 'd ) sucker . kid fuck off . 11 int . rebecca' room - night 11 there 's a bulletin board of fashion tear and picture of young starlet - Rachel bilson , Lindsay lohan , audrina patridge , some Victoria secret model . Rebecca smoke a cigarette , while she and Marc flip through magazine . they look at page of starlet in gowns on the red carpet . in the background , the tv be on with random celebrity culture play there 's a page of ` tweet of the week ' include a picture of demi Moore pose in a bikini in she bathroom . rebecca I can not wait to get out of here . marc be you mom away a lot ? rebecca yeah , she go on trip a lot for work ... ( continued ) 12. 11 continued : 11 marc for what ? rebecca she have a chain of student tutoring center ... marc and you be at indian Hills ? rebecca ( laugh ) yeah , I know , exemplary student ... that 's so cute , I love that dress . I love chanel . she point at a picture . marc yeah , and the shoe be nice ... but she need to get some better extension ... rebecca I know , right ? be that prada ? marc no , dior . rebecca really ? hey , what do you parent do ? marc my mom do not work , my dad work for a film distribution company , they do a lot of stuff overseas .. rebecca oh cool , he 's in the `biz '.. marc yeah ... it 's cool . I get to go to screening and stuff . rebecca Nice ...oh she 's so cute . marc but enough with the patent leather accessory , they look cheap . rebecca yeah , tote ... ( continued ) 13. 11 continued : 11 she smile . CUT to : 12 ext . rebecca' house - night 12 kid hang around drink and smoking , some jump in the pool . rebecca hey , wanna check some car ? marc what 's that ? rebecca ( sneaky ) c'mon ... they walk out the gate . CUT to : 13 ext . valley gate community - night 13 Marc and Rebecca be on a affluent suburban street . they walk down the sidewalk casually under the street light . Rebecca check to see if a car 's door be open . it 's not , she go on to another . she open the door of a Lexus , and find a small purse in door side pocket , she take it . rebecca sweet. c'mon . they keep walk and she try another few car , until she find another open door . she look around and find some cash and a credit card . marc no way ! rebecca let 's go . and they head back casually , and cut off into some bush . marc that 's crazy . ( continued ) 14 . 13 continued : 13 rebecca yeah , people leave they open with cash and credit card ... they walk off into the darkness , smoking cigarettes . rebecca ( cont 'd ) look , we get like 400 buck ... they disappear into the night . fade out 14 ext . indian hill school - day 14 Marc walk out of school to see Rebecca lean against she car wait for he . rebecca want a ride ? she have a sly cheshire cat smile . he smile and get in . 15 int . rebecca' audi - day 15 they drive in the valley . rebecca I love that mix you send I . marc oh , cool , anytime ... where be we go ? rebecca wherever we want ... she lift and eyebrow . marc okay . rebecca do you know anyone that 's out of town ? marc uh , this kid Evan I meet online , they family go to Jamaica , why ? ( continued ) 15 . 15 continued : 15 rebecca I go into a unlock house a few week ago and find a bunch of cash .... where do ` Evan ' live ? marc woodland hill . rebecca ( teasing he ) how well do you know ` Evan ' ? marc we meet up a few time ... he be pretty hot . he smile mischievously . CUT to : 16 ext . evan's house - day 16 they pull up to a nice suburban house . rebecca this it ? marc uh huh . they walk up casually . they go around to the back of the house and find a side door open . Marc follow Rebecca in . 17 int . evan's house - day 17 Rebecca casually look around , open drawer , sit on the furniture . Marc pace nervously . marc fuck ... I think we should get outta here . Rebecca keep look through cabinet and drawer calmly . rebecca it 's fine , it 's fine ... do not freak out . she go down a hall , Marc nervously follow she . in a bedroom , Rebecca open the closet and try on a jacket . ( continued ) 16 . 17 continued : 17 rebecca ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? it 's balenciaga marc uh , sure . he can not really focus . she get down on the floor and look under the bed . she pull out a box , and open it . rebecca oh , yeah . marc what be it . she pull out a thick stack of cash and smile . marc ( cont 'd ) no way ! CUT to : 18 ext . evan's house 18 Rebecca get in a porsche convertible in the driveway like it 's hers and start the engine . marc what the fuck ? Rebecca smile , and flip she sunglass from she head , over she eye , as she lower the roof . rebecca get in . Marc get in . marc where would you get the key ? rebecca ( Super casual ) I grab they on the way out . she back out of the driveway like it 's no big deal . rebecca ( cont 'd ) hey , call my sister for a bag , will you , she will not sell to I . ( continued ) 17 . 18 continued : 18 she peel out . rebecca ( cont 'd ) how long 's Evan in Jamaica ? they drive off , blast music , they hair blow . CUT to : 19 ext . robertson blvd . - day 19 Rebecca and Marc strut down the street with big sunglass on , carry Starbucks and shopping bag . they go in to kitson . 20 int . kitson - day 20 Marc and Rebecca shop like pro . they be have the time of they life , styling each other and pick stuff out . they check out they look in the mirror , and take picture . they take two small box out of a Tiffany &amp ; Co. bag and put on match ring . at the cashier they put a big pile of stuff on the counter . CUT to : 21 ext . L.A. street - day 21 they speed off in Evan 's car , music blast . 21a int . evanss car 21a Marc look at Rebecca , she hair blow in the wind . Rebecca smile at he . CUT to : 22 ext . valley party - pool area - night 22 Music play as Valley kid hang out , smoke pot , play beer - pong . Chloe saunter by . wasted boy Chloe , marry I ! ( continued ) 18. 22 continued : 22 chloe get in line . she walk up to Rebecca and Marc chloe ( cont 'd ) beccaaaaaa ! yo , slut we be go to Les deux , wanna go ? Nicki and Sam be there . Rebecca look at Marc . rebecca sure . CUT to : 23 ext . hollywood night club - night 23 Chloe talk she way in with the cute mexican door man , rob . Marc follow Rebecca and she . Chloe already seem a little drunk . chloe yo , Rob , what 's up ? rob hey , Chloe - come on in . chloe be ricky here ? rob yeah , he should be around . CUT to : 24 int . hollywood night club 24 Marc and Rebecca be at a table with Nicki and Sam who be dress in skimpy outfit and lot of lip gloss . Nicki , re-apply lip gloss , as Sam send a text . the music be loud and they shout to speak to each other . ( note : there be constant texting and photo take through out . ) Marc be feel in he element , this be where he should be . ( continued ) 19 . 24 continued : 24 Chloe sit down , hold some drink . chloe yo , slut . Nicki lean over to meet Marc . SAM chlooeeee ! chloe `sup ... this be my homie , Marc . nicki hi , I be Nicki and this be Sam . SAM hey , Marc . chloe we use to go to school together . marc be they sister ? chloe they have know each other since they be like three , they take Sam in , I do not know what happen to she mom . nicki oh my god , Jude Law totally keep texting I ... I think I be probably go to go meet he later . chloe yeah , I be sure you be really go to hesitate on that one . Sam chuckle . nicki bitch , you be just jealous . chloe suck my dick . SAM you do text he like fifty time . nicki I do not . ( continued ) 20 . 24 continued : 24 Chloe laugh . Marc look around at the glamorous people , he 's think this be the life . SAM c'mon Chloe , where 's that bottle service ? let 's get that go . across the room , a blonde starlet air kiss the d.j. ricky , 45 , the sleazy club promoter stop by they table . ricky Girls . Chloe get up and throw herself around he . chloe ricky ! ricky hey , baby , you good ? you guy have everything you need ? chloe uh huh . ricky Nicki , there be some photographer out here for fashion week you might want to meet . nicki fo ' sho ! ricky and this dope music manager , and some of the entourage producer - we have get a real party salad tonight . a actor , with some friend and a few model , sit nearby . ricky ( cont 'd ) ok , let I know if you need anything ... chloe ( seductively ) I will check with you later , boo . ( continued ) 21 . 24 continued : 24 and whisper something naughty in to he ear . he smile and move on . Marc spot Paris Hilton across the room . marc oh my god , that 's Paris Hilton . nicki yeah , totally , she dj sometimes ... we see ricky by a booth near the dj where Paris Hilton and friend sit with a big bottle of moet -chandon . CUT to : Nicki , Sam and Chloe dance - Nicki and Sam do a sexy sister act , throw they hair around . Sam give Rob , the door guy , a flirty look . Marc and Rebecca chill in they booth look around the room like this be it . he take a picture of they together . CUT to : 25 face book page : 25 the computer screen fill the frame as we see Marc update he page with a photo of he and the girl hang out in the nightclub booth . CUT to : 26 int . marc be room - night 26 Marc lie on he bed think about he cool new friend and lifestyle , a little smile go across he lip . CUT to : 27 ext . indian hill school - day 27 Marc strut up to school . Rebecca , Chloe and some kid hang out meet he and they go in together . chloe I literally think I be go to die . ( continued ) 22. 27 continued : 27 rebecca homie ... marc yo , bitch . chloe dawg , wassup ? Marc hand Rebecca a Starbucks . marc I think you might want one . rebecca oh , you be the best . Marc smile . rebecca ( cont 'd ) I love you shirt . marc thanks . Marc look over at Rebecca as they walk into school . Marc 's p.o.v . - we see Rebecca move in slow motion , the wind blow she sunlit hair . marc ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I love she , I really do . she be the first person I feel like be my best friend ... I love she almost as a sister , that 's what make this situation so hard . CUT to : t.v. screen : Victoria secret model preen down a runway fill the screen . 28 int . rebecca' room - day 28 Marc and Rebecca hang out in she room , look at magazine and stuff on the computer . the Victoria secret show be on the tv in the background . Marc be look at a gossipy website . we see on screen : tmz news of mischa Barton DUI arrest and mug shot . ( continued ) 23. 28 continued : 28 marc ( read ) Misha Barton get a DUI ... Paris Hilton be host a party Thursday night at the cosmopolitan in Vegas ... rebecca where do she live , can you find she house ? Marc type onto the computer . marc 2342 briar summit ... he pull up a Google Maps image of she house , they be able to look around it . Rebecca 's eye light up . rebecca let 's go there ! do you think we could find a way in ? marc ( cont 'd ) look like you could get in go up the hill behind she house . rebecca I bet she would leave she key under she mat . CUT to : 28a ext . paris ' house - night 28a we see over Marc and Rebecca 's dark figure , Paris ' mansion glow up on a hill . CUT to : close up : a doormat be lift to reveal a key on a swarovski crystal pink eiffel Tower key ring . 29 ext . paris ' house - night 29 Rebecca and Marc open the door with the key and go in . 24 . 30 int . paris ' house 30 they walk in the quiet house and turn on the light , as little spider monkey in a cage jump toward they and screech . Rebecca and Marc jump back , he yell . Rebecca glare at he to be cool . marc oh my fuck god . rebecca they be she pet monkey . hi guy . she lean forward and make a cute face at the monkey who hiss at she . they continue through the house look around . they pass a gild gold - frame couch with pillow with Paris ' photo silk screen on they . they pass a wall of photo of Paris Hilton and she many magazine cover , as they go upstairs . Marc be nervous , Rebecca be cool and focus . he pace and be on the look out , while she look for stuff . marc let 's get the fuck out of here . rebecca it 's fine , it 's fine ... let 's keep go . they go into she dress area . it 's a mess , clothes all over the floor . Rebecca pick up some small purse and find crumpled fifty and hundred dollar bill that she take . marc she 's so messy . Rebecca look through she underwear drawer , take a bright pink bra . she take a Louis vuitton camo bag and stuff some thing in it . Rebecca sit on she bed , and look around . Marc pace nervously . ( continued ) 25 . 30 continued : 30 marc ( cont 'd ) c'mon , let 's get out of here . rebecca you be trip out . this be fine , it 's ok , why be you trip out ? Rebecca casually descend the stair as if she life there . Marc follow she down , into Paris ' night club room . there be picture of she all over the wall , and a stripper pole on a little platform . pink furry pillow line the banquette . Marc take a bottle of vodka . Rebecca look around the room , take it all in . 31 ext . paris ' house - night 31 they leave , close the door behind they . they see a security patrol car drive by , and jump in some bush . the patrol car stop and flash a light around the bush . Rebecca and Marc freeze in they hide spot . Marc be freaking out , he think this be it for he . he try to breath quietly . Rebecca calmly wait . finally the flash light stop , and the car move on . Marc and Rebecca sit in the dark , Marc breath again . they wait for a while . rebecca c'mon . they sneak out through the backyard , and run down a hill behind the house . marc oh my fuck god . we see they as small figure run across the empty hillside . CUT to : 32 ext . valley party - tennis court - night 32 kid hang out , and drink on a tennis court . ( continued ) 26 . 32 continued : 32 Rebecca and Marc be with Chloe , Nicki and Sam . nicki no way , I totally want to go to Paris ' ! rebecca yeah , it be sweet , we hang out in she night club room ... I get this . she show they a sparkly diamond tennis bracelet . nicki oh my god , no way . chloe you be so sick ! o.g. motherfucker ! Rebecca laugh , and cheer Marc with they plastic cup . SAM no way , how would you get in ? marc her key be under the mat , it be so chill , we just walk in . rebecca we can all go back , we just have to check when she 's go out to something ... CUT to : a computer screen : photo of Paris Hilton on gossip website that say " Paris host skyy vodka party at liv in Miami " . CUT to : 33 int . rebecca' room - day 33 Nicki , Sam and Rebecca try on outfit for Marc , he help style they , while he 's look online , tell they celebrity tidbit . Nicki and Sam love take they top off ... marc Lindsay get another d.u.i ... here try this vest with that ... we see some news footage of Lindsay lohan with cop on computer screen . ( continued ) 27 . 33 continued : 33 Nicki show Marc a outfit - tight jeans and a vest . nicki what do you think ? marc try you hair back . she pull she hair back , and pose for he . marc ( cont 'd ) yeah , that look classy . SAM I do not know if I would go that far . Sam put on a skimpy leopard dress and zebra pump . Nicki look at she . nicki leopard and Zebra - seriously ? SAM what ? marc yeah , def , you can not wear zebra and leopard . you have to choose one . SAM ok , fine .... at least I do not look like I be thirty - five . Sam blow smoke from a joint out the window . Nicki be entrance with herself as she put lip gloss on in the mirror . someone hand she a joint . nicki let 's go to Paris ' , c'mon , she take a drag-pause and then exhales . nicki ( cont 'd ) I want to rob ... CUT to : 34 int . nicki be house - day 34 Nicki sit at a table with a tape recorder in front of she . she 's dress like a school girl . ( continued ) 28 . 34 continued : 34 nicki ( hold back tear ) I do not know what they be do . I think they be my friend ... it all come back to bad choice , who you have as you friend , and I know the truth will come out . CUT back to : 35 ext . paris ' house - night 35 Nicki , Sam , Chloe and Marc follow Rebecca as they sneak up and go in the house . Rebecca open the door with the key , the bejewel charm dangle from the key ring . Sam and Nicki look at each other impressed , and they follow she in . CUT to : 36 int . paris ' house - night 36 they follow Rebecca into Paris ' dress area . nicki no way ! Rebecca open a closet door and there 's a room full of shoe . nicki ( cont 'd ) no fuck way . chloe that 's so chill . nicki look at all she louboutin . chloe her foot be big . Nicki and Sam start try shoe on and grab bag . they take photo of themselves with outfit on in she closet . Sam find a note and read it out loud . ( continued ) 29 . 36 continued : 36 SAM " ciao Paris , keep the glamour alive ! un bacio , donatella . " Marc put on a pair of pink heel and runway walk for the girl who love it . he grab a little lv roll suitcase , and do a runway look with it come around a corner , pull the suitcase in heel and a scarf like a ` 60 Pan be stewardess . Rebecca notice something on the far wall of the closet and push on the back wall of shoe - the wall open to a secret safe room . rebecca sweet . there 's a open safe and Rebecca and Marc get down to see what 's in it , they find cash , some jewelry and naked photo . rebecca ( cont 'd ) look at this ! marc we could sell this . nicki let I see ! chloe oh shit ! SAM what 's all over she ? marc some bad tanner ... back in closet area : Nicki try on a pink mini dress , and show it to they . nicki what do you think ? it 's herve leger . Sam and Chloe scream . nicki ( cont 'd ) what ?! Sam 's hold a Louis vuitton dog carrier . ( continued ) 30 . 36 continued : 36 SAM there 's actually a old dog turd in here . nicki ew , put that back . Nicki grab a big bag and throw some stuff in it , and walk around with it swinging from she wrist like it 's hers and she 's out shopping . Rebecca be fill a bag , too ... and look through she drawer . CUT to : 37 int . paris ' bathroom 37 Rebecca open a pink make - up bag and start put on Paris ' make-up . she open the medicine cabinet . she look through some prescription and take a bottle . she put on some of Paris ' pink lipstick and pout in the mirror . marc c'mon let 's get the fuck out of here . rebecca alright , alright ... in a sec . they take some more stuff and head down the stair laugh . rebecca ( cont 'd ) oh wait , you have to see she night club room . 38 int . paris ' night club room 38 the kid make themselves at home . Sam and Nicki goof off on the stripper pole . Chloe make herself a cocktail . Rebecca flick on some party light set and lounge on a sofa with some pillow with Paris ' face on they . Marc pace nervously . ( continued ) 31 . 38 continued : 38 Sam be filming Nicki with she phone , she mug and talk to the camera . nicki ciao ! we see Nicki on Sam 's phone . nicki ( cont 'd ) keep the glamour alive ! Sam and Nicki take picture of themselves with a life size Paris cut-out . CUT to : 39 ext . paris ' house - night 39 laugh , they run down the hill behind the house . CUT to : 40 omitted 40 41 int . hollywood night club - night 41 Rebecca , Marc , Chloe and Nicki be have a great time on a busy night at the club . Nicki 's wear a pink mini-dress dress she steal from Paris ' . the other be deck out in stuff they get from there as well . some of they be dance . CUT to : in a hallway , Sam be make out with the hot mexican door guy , Rob . CUT to : 42 int . chloe' s.u.v . - night 42 Chloe 's drive waste , with Rebecca and Marc in the car . they be blast music , high from they night . - suddenly Chloe crash into another car , air bag go off in they face , with that awful sound of a car crash . ( continued ) 32 . 42 continued : 42 they sit there silent , flash police light flood the car as a siren blare . CUT to : 43 int . police station - night 43 flashes go off as Chloe get mug shot take . she have she toughest face on . CUT to : 44 ext . indian hill school - day 44 Rebecca and Marc hang out in front of school while Chloe brag about how hard core she be . chloe man , I be off the chart , it be craaazzay - they do not know how I be drive let alone still alive . rebecca that 's fuck up . chloe yeah , I have to pick up trash for fuck forever ... marc that suck ... chloe what be you guy do later ? rebecca I do not know , there 's a party at madison 's ... I will let you know , late . CUT to : 45 int . marc be room - evening 45 Marc 's feel good , listen to music and put outfit together in he room , american gigolo style , lay out combination on he bed , hold thing up in the mirror . ( continued ) 33. 45 continued : 45 he get a text on he phone and look at it : let' go to paris CUT to : 46 omitted 46 47 int . paris ' night club room 47 Rebecca and Marc hang out like it 's they place . they listen to music on the club professional sound system . Marc open a drawer and find diamond encrust gun lighter . he lean over and light Rebecca 's cigarette . she smoke and they look through she stuff . the dog sit next to she . CUT to : 48 int . paris ' house foyer - night 48 as Marc and Rebecca be leave , the yorkie see they out . Rebecca pick up the little dog and start to leave with it . rebecca c'mon teacup . marc you can not take she dog . rebecca she like I ... and I could probably get like five hundred for she . Marc look at she like she 's too much . marc come on Rebecca , leave she dog , it would be too noticeable anyway . rebecca yeah , I guess ... bye teacup . she set the little yorkie down , and they hit the light . revise Blue - 03/16/12 34 . 49 ext . paris ' house - night 49 as they leave , Rebecca check a door handle of a expensive sport car on the street . it open , and she reach in a door pocket . rebecca shut the fuck up . she hold up a big bag of coke and smile . marc oh shit . CUT to : 50 int . rebecca' audi - night 50 Rebecca and Marc drive around sing along to they favorite song , high , have the best time of they life . when the song end , they play it again ... and again . they take bump and keep go . the music fade down and off ( we still see they sing they heart out ) . marc ( o.s. ) we be act insane , but it all feel so glamorous and wonderful . CUT to : 51 t.v. clip fill screen : 51 coverage of the Hills 3 premier . there be clip of * celebrity pose on the red carpet as flash go off in front of a backdrop with lg logo and other sponsor . we see a blonde , with a hand on hip pose , then she turn and look at the camera over she shoulder . then there 's a interview with reality t.v. star , audrina patridge : * reporter ( o.s. ) what be you favorite hot spot in l.a.? ( continued ) revise Blue - 03/16/12 35 . 51 continued : 51 audrina hot spot ? well , we love lola 's , we go there all the time , it 's a martini bar , and I like the dime , and we always go to Les deux , cause all we friend be always there ... it 's like the spot to go to . reporter ( o.s. ) so have you tone down the party since you have a boyfriend ?... audrina ( laugh ) uh , well , sure , a little ... CUT to : 52 int . rebecca' room - evening 52 Rebecca and Marc be watch the Hills premier on tv . Marc be also look at stuff on a laptop . his screen be fill with shot of audrina patridge in * different look at various event . she 's in a bikini in one , a sexy dress , a skimpy naughty Halloween costume . rebecca oh my god , I literally love audrina 's style ... can you see where she life ? Marc type in she name and a few thing , and before you know it he have a photo and map of she house up on the screen . marc she 's go to demi &amp ; ashton 's oscar party Sunday . Rebecca smile . rebecca perfect . CUT to : 36 . 53 ext . audrinax house - night 53 in a wide shot , we see Rebecca and Marc as small figure enter a glass house on a hill . they run around and leave with bag of stuff . 54 omitted 54 55 int . rebecca' room - night 55 Rebecca , Marc , Sam and Nicki be look through clothes . there be pile of bag and designer clothes on Rebecca 's bed . Nicki and Sam be squealing and try thing on , Marc be styling they , and take picture of they pose in they vlook ' . Nicki put on some crazy louboutin . he tell they how great they look . Nicki and Sam dance in front of the computer screen watch as they film themselves . Marc goof off around dance with they , act like a big - shot pimp flanke by he girl . CUT to : 56 close on computer screen : 56 we see target in on a tudor house in the hill , the camera zoom in and show side view , next to a map . CUT to : 57 ext . fox / GREEN house - night 57 Rebecca , Marc and Chloe approach a house with they hood on . Nicki , Sam and Emily join they . Rebecca look over at Emily . rebecca wait . who be you ? nicki this be my little sister , Emily . rebecca oh. how old be you ? ( continued ) 37 . 57 continued : 57 emily thirteen . she look at she like " old enough " . rebecca c'mon . they look around , try door and window . Rebecca find a dog door at the back of the house . rebecca ( cont 'd ) can you fit through there ? Emily crawl through , open a door for the other to come in . chloe I be stay on look - out . 58 int . fox / GREEN - night 58 the kid go through the closet and drawer , Rebecca open a suitcase on the floor - it 's fill with jeans and t-shirt . Nicki look in the closet . nicki I like this Rick owen jacket . Nicki throw on the leather jacket , and keep go . Marc hear a sound outside . marc do you hear that ? rebecca it 's fine , it 's fine . marc I think I hear someone . rebecca there 's no one outside , calm the fuck down . marc I hear helicopter . ( continued ) 38 . 58 continued : 58 rebecca we be in L.A. , there be always helicopter ... do not be such a little bitch . Rebecca pull some designer bag off a shelf , as if she hit a jack pot . Sam look through rack of clothes as if she 's in a boutique . Emily try on shoe . SAM ew , what be this oil for ? emily Gross . Sam look through the medicine cabinet and grab a handful of prescription bottle . she read the label , toss anything uninteresting . SAM what 's alprazolam ? Nicki answer from the other room . nicki xanax . SAM oh good ... she drop it in she bag . Marc load up a bag , and pace around , on the look - out . marc Jesus Christ , let 's hurry the fuck up . CUT to : Nicki approach the bed in the master bedroom , and lie down on it , feel what it feel like , look around . she pick up a picture in a silver frame and look at a couple on the beach : megan Fox and Brian Austin Green . Nicki roll over and off the bed , look under it , she find a box , and open it to find a gun . ( continued ) 39 . 58 continued : 58 she pick up the gun . nicki look what I find ! SAM let I see that . Sam start dance with the gun , wave it around . marc oh shit , be careful with that thing . be it load ? Sam raise it to she lip teasingly . SAM maybe . CUT to : 59 ext . hillside - night 59 the kid run past the glittery view . CUT to : 59a ext . chloe' mom' car 59 a Sam throw she head out the car window and scream in a adrenaline rush . CUT to : 60 int . rob' bedroom - night 60 Rob , from the club , be asleep in he bed in the small dark room . Sam climb in through a window into he room , back - light from a street lamp . he look over and see Sam dance around for he in jean cut - off with the gun . she climb on he in bed , and drag the gun over he , he grab she and throw she under he , the gun in she hand go off and fire a bullet into he closet . dog start bark , and we hear a voice call . ( continued ) 40 . 60 continued : 60 rob' mother ( o.s. ) Robert ? what 's go on ? rob it 's nothing , Mom . close up : Rob squeeze Sam 's wrist , and she hand drop the gun . close up : he take off she short , she ankle wiggle out of they . she disappear under the sheet . CUT to : 61 int . nicki be house - day 61 Laurie be bring out a foam board with magazine photo collaged on to it . she 's wear a tight tank top with a indian symbol and brown velour sweat pants . laurie Girls , time for school ! Sam , Nicki and Emily come sit on the coach with sari fabric throw over it and ethnic-look pillow . Nicki flip up she ray-ban slowly . Sam have messy hair , she look like she get home late . she 's eat a bowl of cereal , Nicki 's on she blackberry . the room be fill with buddha statue and balinese wood carve furniture and candle . the girl be flipping through magazine . laurie ( cont 'd ) put the phone away ... ok you guy , today 's lesson be about character development . in " the secret " we talk about the law of attraction and we want to be careful about the people we surround ourselves with because we become the average of that people . so we be go to make a visual board of people who be demonstrate good character , like angelina jolie . so what be some quality you admire about she ? ( continued ) 41 . 61 continued : 61 SAM her husband . the girl chuckle . laurie ok . what else ? nicki her hot bod . laurie ok , the bod be not a characteristic . nicki how long do we have to do this for ? laurie until we be finish with this and then we be go to do some flower essence work . the door bell ring , and Nicki go to answer it . a young guy deliver water , come in with big bottle . laurie ( cont 'd ) who be it ? nicki Water delivery . Nicki pose against wall as he pass , flirtatiously . Laurie zip up Nicki 's hoodie that 's show off she cleavage . laurie ok , back to work . CUT to : 62 int . rebecca' room - day 62 close up : a computer screen : we see news caption : Orlando Bloom 's shoot a movie in New York , he 's with Victoria - secret model / girlfriend , miranda kerr. ( continued ) 42 . 62 continued : 62 marc ( o.s. ) Orlando Bloom 's shoot a movie in New York , he 's there with miranda kerr. there 's a picture of the actor and model on the red carpet . then we see type in : Orlando Bloom 's address . a map come up . rebecca I want to get some Victoria secret model clothes . nicki ( chew gum ) let 's do it . CUT to : 63 ext . orlando bloom' house 63 the gang of they approach a fence , there 's some wire fence at the bottom that 's unravel , they pull on it and it open enough for they to squeeze through . they approach the house and scatter around to find a way in . Rebecca open the front door , it 's unlock . rebecca you guy . they follow she in . CUT to : 64 int . orlando bloom' bedroom - night 64 they sneak into the bedroom and start look through stuff . the girl go through a woman 's closet , try on clothes , grab stuff . Marc open a drawer in a closet , and find seven rolex watch and a thick stack of hundred dollar bill . he scoops they into a bag . close up : a girl 's hand go through a drawer of lingerie . ( continued ) 43. 64 continued : 64 we see a high - tech security camera globe in ceiling , a red light turn on . Rebecca hang out on a sofa smoking a cigarette , while she look through a box of photo and trinket , as if she 's at home . CUT to : 65 int . orlando bloom' live room - night 65 as they be head out with all of they loot , Rebecca grab a piece of art off the wall . marc what the fuck be you do ? rebecca I have get a new room at my dad 's in Vegas , I need some stuff to decorate it , I might stay with he a while ... here , hold this . she hand he the art off the wall , and roll up a little rug on the floor . marc be you fuck serious ? Rebecca give he a nonchalant look , and take it out with she under she arm , carry a big bag on she other side . Marc watch she and follow she out . CUT to : 66 int . rebecca' audi - night 66 we see they p.o.v. out the windshield on the dark street , headlight illuminate they way . it 's quiet in the car . marc if I ever become not you friend anymore , would you rob I ? rebecca I would never do that to you . CUT to : 44 . 67 close up : screen be filled with gossip girl show footage 67 we see leighton meister close up and in slow-motion , atmospheric music from scene before continue over the image . CUT to : Rachel bilson and Nicole ritchie sit at the front row of a fashion show on fashion t.v. watch model go by . CUT to : Kim and kourtney kardashian try out a stripper pole at home on they reality show . CUT to : Lindsay lohan in a skimpy dress exite a club . CUT to : 68 int . rebecca' room - night 68 Rebecca be entrance watch a Golden globe red carpet be - cap on the t.v. we see style starlet after starlet pose for camera , they put they hand on they hip , and do over the shoulder look to camera as flash go off . amanda seyfry , Anne hathaway , blake lively , Kim kardashian ... a journalist interview a starlet . journalist ( o.s. ) who be you wear ? starlet I be wear armani privee . journalist and the jewelry ? starlet my jewelry be by chopard . journalist and what about you shoe ? starlet louboutin . ( continued ) 45 . 68 continued : 68 journalist well , you look beautiful , be you excited for tonight ? starlet thank you , yes , I be so excited to be here . and she move on , and another starlet talk about she outfit . CUT to : 69 int . marc be room - night 69 alone in he room , Marc pull a drawer out from under he bed - it 's fill with designer clothes and bag . he just look at it all and touch it . we see he lie on the bed , with a fur vest as a pillow , and stuff out , wear Paris Hilton 's pink patent leather heel . there 's a knock at the door . debbie ( o.s. ) Marc ? marc oh one second , Mom . he scramble to put it all away quickly . debbie ( o.s. ) it 's time for dinner . marc ok , I will be right there . he stuff thing back under the bed , and make a call on he cell . marc ( cont 'd ) hey , Chloe . chloe ( o.s. ) yo Home skillet , what 's go on ? marc do you talk to ricky about the rolex . ( continued ) 46 . 69 continued : 69 chloe yeah , yeah , he 's get connect , bring they by later . CUT to : 70 int . nicki be house - night 70 it 's dinner at they house - with Laurie say grace . her boyfriend , henry sit next to she and Sam , Nicki and Emily be at the table . Laurie bow she head . laurie we look to the universe and Divine Spirit to show we the way . I be so grateful for this opportunity to have dinner together as a family . and so it be . girl ( in unison ) and so it be . Laurie take a sip of white wine , and pass a plate . laurie so , how do you audition go ? nicki it be alright . SAM I think it go really well , they say they want to do a test shoot . laurie that 's good , that 's good . henry what 's it for ? SAM axe body spray . henry uh huh . nicki and we have a go- see for the bcbg runway show ! ( continued ) 47 . 70 continued : 70 laurie great ! that 's a cute top , be that new ? Nicki 's shirt have a chanel logo on it . nicki oh , yeah , we friend Marc , he 's a stylist , he let we borrow some stuff for the audition . laurie oh , that 's nice . nicki yeah , he dad have a production company he help style for . laurie oh , what 's it call ? nicki I do not remember . SAM something - international ? emily Mom , can I be excuse ? laurie be you do ? emily yeah , and I want to finish my flower essence . laurie ok , sweetie . I be think about do a silent retreat . SAM ( sarcastically ) good luck . Sam and Nicki chuckle . henry ( supportively ) I think that 's great , honey . ( continued ) 48 . 70 continued : 70 nicki uh , Mom , we have to get go , we be meeting this manager tonight who could be really helpful . SAM yeah , he know a lot of photographer ... and producer . laurie ok , ok , that sound good . just be back by eleven . nicki uh huh . she laugh . the girl get up from the table . SAM yeah , right . laurie eleven . it 's a week night . SAM ( under she breath with a chuckle ) eleven my ass . CUT to : 71 int . nicki and sam' bedroom - night 71 Nicki and Sam be crack themselves up in they underwear , smoking a joint , exhaling out the window and pick out slutty outfit . they check themselves out in a full length mirror . SAM I know , I would totally do he .... but do you see how small he hand be ? nicki ew , no . SAM yeah , that could be gross . ( continued ) 49 . 71 continued : 71 nicki yeah . SAM dude , we have to get in that video ... do this look good ? nicki yeah , I mean , do you feel good in that ? SAM I just want to look hot , but not desperate . nicki totally . I think you look hot . let I see a different top ... she slip on a silky camisole , and turn in she tight jeans . we can see a lower - back tatoo peek out . SAM do my butt look good in this jeans ? nicki you butt look awesome . ( she say this with the importance of give a really serious compliment ) CUT to : 72 int . hollywood night club - night 72 Marc follow Chloe into ricky 's private office . 73 int . night club office 73 ricky hang out , lean back in a chair . chloe ricky , you remember Marc . ricky sure , sure I do . come on in , Marc . what can I do for you . Marc open a bag on he desk with the pile of rolex . ( continued ) 50 . 73 continued : 73 ricky look at he with a poker face . marc can you sell this ? ricky chuckle . ricky where would you get they ? marc uh ... I find they . ricky I see . he enjoy drag this out , make Marc squirm . marc what do you think , can you take they ? ricky I do not know ... I can see ... tell you what , I will give you five grand for they . marc be not they worth more ? ricky not steal one . marc ok , yeah . thanks . ricky sure , kid . he smile and go to he safe . CUT to : 74 int . club bathroom 74 Marc and Nicki snort coke off the back of a little clutch bag on the back of the toilet . CUT to : 51 . 75 int . night club office 75 Chloe straddle ricky on he desk chair , make out with he . she hold out she arm and take a picture on she phone . a little blackberry flash hit they , with she in a slutty pose up next to he . CUT to : 76 int . hollywood night club - night 76 Marc and the girl , all do up sit in a booth and get bottle service . a big bottle of vodka be bring over . close up : they leave a stack of cash . CUT to : Marc and the girl dance in slightly slow-motion . we hear dreamy , almost ominous tonal music as they dance instead of the club music . they sway in a dreamy trance , light gleam around they , outline they hair . marc ( o.s. ) when we go out , we get in everywhere and everyone love we ... and we have so many beautiful , gorgeous thing . CUT to : 77 int . marce grandma's basement 77 close up : pan over he beautiful , gorgeous thing . Marc be stashing a bunch of he loot in a basement . we see he take a last look at a Louis vuitton suitcase pack full of luxury bag and designer fashion . quilted chanel bag in every color , louboutin patent leather platform heel , Marc Jacobs crisp shirt . he touch they , and make sure they be all tuck away carefully , before close it up . we see there be several Louis vuitton suitcase , he slide this one away next to they , and pull a tarp over they in the corner and leave they by some old Christmas decoration . ( continued ) 52 . 77 continued : 77 he turn off the light and head up the stair . CUT to : 78 int . marce grandma's house - day 78 Marc 's little old grandma shuffles about in a house coat with a plate of cookie , as he rush out . marc bye , grandma . he give she a kiss on he way out . grandma bye now . he shut the door . CUT to : 79 ext . robertson blvd . - day 79 in the bright light , Marc , Rebecca , Sam , Chloe and Nicki strut down the street with big sunglass , latte and shopping bag ... just like reality star . they be have a more jade attitude now . CUT to : 80 ext . paris ' house - night 80 the kid plus Rob enter the house . Rebecca lead they in as if it 's she place . 80a int . paris ' bedroom 80 a Rebecca lounge in she bedroom , as the other girl try on thing . Sam put on a skimpy top and show Nicki . nicki sexy biatch . Nicki look in a mirror as she try on a fluffy white fur jacket . nicki ( cont 'd ) j'adore dior . ( continued ) 53. 80 continued : 80 the girl be wear Paris ' jewelry and they be hang out , make drink as if they live there . one of they 's in a fur vest . rob how many time have you guy be up here ? marc I think this be like the 5th time . rob and she never notice ? rebecca we never take enough for it to be obvious ... and c'mon , it 's Paris Hilton . rob she 's so messy . marc I know , right ? Rob open drawer , until he find a box full of jewelry . he pull out some diamond necklace . rob here we go . SAM oh , shit . the other kid gather around , as he hold they up . rob c'mon , let 's get the fuck out of here . CUT to : 81 omitted 81 82 int . marc be room - day 82 Marc style Nicki , dress she up in a look . marc or you could wear the Chloe sandal with this . ( continued ) 54 . 82 continued : 82 nicki oh , yeah . Nicki smoke something off a little piece of tin foil , exhaling out the window . his phone ring . rebecca ( o.s. ) turn on ktla . marc what ? rebecca ( o.s. ) now . Marc turn on the tv and find the channel - to see news footage of they from a surveillance camera sneaking into audrina patridge 's house . he freak out . marc no fuck way , no fuck way . rebecca ( o.s. ) calm the fuck down , they can not tell who it be . marc oh my god . he start cry . nicki oh , shit . rebecca ( o.s. ) it 's fine , it 's fine , you can not see who it be . on tv : newscaster ( o.s. ) audrina patridge post this on she web site , ask for anyone who have any information about the break - in to contact police at the number below . marc oh my god . ( continued ) 55 . 82 continued : 82 he stumble and knock something over that make a loud crash noise . there 's a knock on the door . marc ( cont 'd ) oh shit . Nicki crack the door open coyly . Marc 's dad who look like a teamster look at she . mr. hall be everything alright in there ? nicki ( cutesy ) yes , Mr. Hall , sorry if we be make too much noise . Marc call out . marc everything 's fine . mr. hall ok . Nicki smile and shut the door . CUT to : 83 int . police station 83 we see the surveillance video be view , it 's rewound and study on a loop . they zoom in and the grainy image fill the frame as we see the kid enter and leave with loot . they zoom in and freeze on a face . CUT to : 84 int . marc be room - night 84 it 's late at night , the light be off , Marc look up at the ceiling , he 's tired , but can not sleep . CUT to : 85 ext . beach - late afternoon 85 Rebecca , Marc and Chloe hang out sit on rock , smoking . ( continued ) 56 . 85 continued : 85 it 's beautiful there , with a water fall that some kid jump off of , and stoner kid hang around . the rock be cover in graffiti . chloe I will probably go over to sagebrush later ... rebecca cool , who 's play ? chloe I do not know , I think some local band ... Rebecca check a text . rebecca I want to go to Rachel bilson 's , she 's in Paris for fashion week . chloe do not you think you should chill out a little bit ? marc yeah , that news thing totally freak I out . rebecca nothing happen , there 's no way you can tell who that be ... c' mon , will you find she house for I , please ? she give he a plead baby pouty look . rebecca ( cont 'd ) I want some chanel ... marc I do not know . rebecca c'mon , you be my best friend , please . let 's go get some stuff . CUT to : 57 . 86 int . rebecca' audi - night 86 Rebecca drive and talk on speaker phone with Marc next to she . rebecca we be go to Rachel bilson 's , wanna come ? nicki ( o.s. ) hell yeah , text I where ... be she still dating hayden christensen ? rebecca I do not know . Marc nod . rebecca ( cont 'd ) Marc think so . Marc do a bump . CUT to : 87 ext . rachel bilson be house - night 87 we follow Rebecca , Marc , Nicki , and Sam as they meet up in the dark as they approach the house . rebecca c'mon . they approach the house and look for a way in . marc what if there be camera ? rebecca there be not , just keep you hat on ... and chill out . it 's fine . they go around the house and find a side door open . Rebecca lead the way in . they enter the dark house , and find she bedroom . 58 . 88 int . bilson' bedroom - night 88 they look through she closet . Rebecca stand in the doorway of the bathroom that open on to a dress area . she look through drawer , take a make - up bag , and look through the medicine cabinet . she find a necklace on the counter - a gold chain , with a ` R ' . she put it around she neck and clasp it as she look at herself in the mirror . Nicki and Sam grab designer purse and clothes . a cat come up to they . SAM she have so many chanel bag . nicki I love this one ! SAM that 's so cute . they load up bag , try on shoe . Rebecca close the bathroom door . marc what be you do in there ? rebecca ( o.s. ) when you have to go , you have to go . marc be you fuck crazy ? how be you so relaxed ? we hear the toilet flush , and Rebecca come out casually with some stuff with she . she look around the closet . some headlight flash , as a car pull up outside . marc ( cont 'd ) oh fuck , someone 's here . rebecca do not freak out , let 's go you guy . ( continued ) 59 . 88 continued : 88 they quickly head out a window onto the roof , as we hear someone enter the house . over the empty room , with stuff all over the floor , we hear someone call from entrance . woman' voice ( o.s. ) hello ? hello ? CUT to : 89 ext . hollywood hill - night 89 the kid scramble and run in the dark , until they find a street . we hear coyote howling . marc oh my fuck god . nicki that be so close ! rebecca everything 's cool , c'mon . 90 ext . hollywood hill STREET - night 90 they climb up and onto a street . someone walk by with they dog . the kid try to look casual , just walk down the street . nicki hi. dogwalker hello . they walk , with a few bag . rebecca you guy wait here , I will get the car . she walk off , and the rest of they sit on the curb . Marc and Nicki smoke cigarettes . marc that be fuck up . ( continued ) 60 . 90 continued : 90 nicki I know ! she open a big tote bag , and pull out a little chanel Mademoiselle quilt bag . nicki ( cont 'd ) look a Mademoiselle bag ! how cute be this ?! SAM that 's so cute . do you get I one ? Rebecca pull up in she car and they get in and drive off . marc ( o.s. ) I think the biggest problem be after the audrina thing - nothing happen - it give Rebecca that self - boost that , oh , this be okay . I can get away with this . and I think she project that onto I make I think that it be go to be okay . CUT to : 91 int . valley party - night 91 Music blast , as the kid make they way through the crowded , smoky party . Sam and Nicki sport they new chanel bag . some guy play beer pong . some drunk girl come up to Rebecca . drunk girl yo , becca . rebecca yo. drunk girl I hear you go to Paris Hilton 's . rebecca yeah . drunk girl and you take some stuff . ( continued ) 61 . 91 continued : 91 Rebecca just look at she like `yeah ? '. drunk girl ( cont 'd ) that 's so dope . Paris Hilton ... rebecca late . Rebecca keep go to a keg . they get some beer in red plastic cup and look around . Chloe , waste , come up to they and they scream . chloe whore ! SAM chloooee . chloe where have you be tonight ? SAM we go to Rachel bilson 's house . chloe no fuck way ! nicki yeah . it be chill ... she pose with she new bag . a flash go off as Marc take a shot of she with he phone . chloe sick ! some drunk party girl pass by chime in . party girl you go to Rachel bilson 's ?! nicki yeah , she 's in Paris at fashion week . we just go in ... party girl shut the fuck up . CUT to : 62 . 91a montage : 91a close up : Rebecca snort a line of coke . Music kick in : stealing -snort -shop montage the editing pace get faster and faster , almost on a loop of steal , snort coke in dress room , while shopping at kitson , steal , snort , shopping , Starbucks ... dance at a Valley party . the kid 's photo be mix in . CUT to : 92 ext . venice beach boardwalk - day 92 we see Marc , Rebecca , Sam and Nicki with beach chair and a vendor 's table set up cover in designer " it " bag . there be about 30 chanel , some Marc Jacobs , Louis vuitton and balenciaga bag . Mark wear a sun hat , the girl in big sunglass take money , they look like kid at a lemonade stand . CUT to : 93 ext . valley party - pool area - night 93 we see they waste , take party picture of each other deck out in they steal designer wardrobe . CUT to : 94 int . police station - night 94 we see over some detective to computer screen with Rebecca 's Facebook page with party shot of Marc , Nicki and Sam pose in they outfit . close up : Rebecca 's Facebook page of she in a party shot , we zoom in slowly to the gold " R " necklace around she neck that we see she put on at Rachel bilson 's . CUT to : ( continued ) 63. 94 continued : 94 close up : on video footage of Lindsay lohan in slow -motion , get out of a car at a night club surround by paparazzi flash . marc ( o.s. ) Rebecca 's like biggest conquest be Lindsay lohan . she be she ultimate fashion icon . CUT to : 95 ext . lindsay' house - evening 95 we follow Marc , Rebecca , and Nicki as they go up to the house . Chloe wait behind . chloe I be stay on look out . Marc follow , but stop before they approach it . marc I do not think we should do this . if there be camera , it 's gonna be like audrina 's , it 's gonna get out . rebecca c'mon , Lindsay 's go , I wanna do this , this be we opportunity . Marc look at she . rebecca ( cont 'd ) let 's just go , no one 's here , you be on camera , but it do not matter , you will be fine , audrina 's be fine ... c' mon Marc - pretty please ... marc ok , but this be it . she smile , and they head around to the back of the house . they look around and find a side door open . they follow Rebecca in . 95a int . lindsay' house - downstair 95 a Marc follow she in . ( continued ) 64 . 95a continued : 95 a marc I do not know , I think we should get out of here . rebecca you be already here . you might as well come up and get something for yourself . CUT to : 96 int . lindsay' house 96 Rebecca and Nicki be freaking out over she clothes . Marc look nervous , but go along with they . Marc look through the medicine cabinet and take a prescription bottle . he read label , and open it , pop one in he mouth . he screw the top back on and put it in he pocket . Marc pace and keep a look out . rebecca Marc , do you like this dress , would this be good on I ? marc yeah , sure . Marc pace . rebecca oh my god , this be the dress she wear to the cosmopolitan open ! nicki oh my god , that 's so cute . she show they a jacket . nicki ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? they load up bag , in fashion heaven . Nicki take a Ed hardy skull sculpture . Rebecca find a little Louis vuitton roll suitcase , she roll behind she . ( continued ) 65 . 96 continued : 96 close up : on a rolex with a baby blue face as a hand take it . CUT to : at a dress table , Rebecca spray herself with Lindsay 's perfume - slight slow motion as she spray she neck while look at herself in the mirror , light by the vanity table light . there 's a fetishistic feel about the way she spray the perfume and watch herself in the mirror . CUT to : 97 video surveillance footage : 97 we see they leave Lindsay lohan 's through the grainy black and white footage of a surveillance video . CUT to : 98 ext . burbank airport - day 98 Marc be drop Rebecca off . marc when be you come back from Vegas ? rebecca I do not know , I be just go to stay with my dad until thing calm down with my mom ... I need a change for awhile , I will call you from there . will you hold on to some of my stuff for I ? marc yeah , sure . she kiss he on the cheek , and get out of the car , put on big Lindsay lohan sunglass . he watch she walk off , wear a jacket we see she take at Lindsay 's , and roll Lindsay lohan 's Louis vuitton suitcase behind she . kate ( o.s. ) why do you think Rebecca be so obsessed with this woman and they clothes - enough to steal ? ( continued ) revise Blue - 03/16/12 66 . 98 continued : 98 marc ( o.s. ) I just think she want to be part of , like , the lifestyle . like , the lifestyle that everybody kind of want . Rebecca disappear down the long airport terminal hallway . fade out 98a int . tv studio - tmz news flash : 98a we see the security camera footage from Lindsay lohan 's house . female t.v. reporter Lindsay lohan give police the security footage from the night of March 23rd when she house be burglarize . Comparing the clip , it look like this be the same burglar as in the audrina patridge * security video , and L.A. p.d. be investigate the connection of the Hollywood hill burglary . if you have any information please contact the l.a.p.d. CUT to : 99 facebook page : 99 we see Rebecca 's facebook page , party photo , she and the other girl wear the steal fashion . we hear the voice of a girl over the phone : drunk girl ( o.s. ) Marc and Rebecca be brag about it at a party , they say they have be in Rachel bilson 's house and Lindsay lohan 's . they say they go to Paris Hilton 's like eight time ... CUT to : 67 . 100 police station 100 on a monitor - new surveillance video be side by side with the footage from earlier video . they zoom in and freeze on image when they match up identify some of the figure to be alike . we hear a voice over the phone . teenage girl ( o.s. ) that 's Marc Hall , Rebecca ahn and Chloe , I do not know she last name , and Nicki Moore . CUT to : 101 computer screen : 101 we see Rebecca 's page link she to Marc as a friend , and the other kid ' page , link they as friend . we see party photo of they in Paris Hilton 's nightclub room , Nicki and Sam pose in lingerie , a photo of Sam with a chanel bag . Chloe 's page of she in vulgar sexy pose with ricky , with caption - " wanna smoke a bluuuunt " . CUT to : 102 int . marce house - early morning 102 we hear loud bang , as Marc 's mother , in she robe go to the door . debbie one minute ... man' voice l.a.p.d. open the door . she fumble nervously to open door . she open the door to big cop in dark uniform with gun point at she . CUT to : 103 int . marc be room - morning 103 Marc 's lie in he bed , when he mom come in terrify . ( continued ) revise Blue - 03/16/12 68. 103 continued : 103 we hear dog bark outside . debbie ( shaking ) you need to get dress , they want you to come outside . Marc know this be it . he throw he arm around she and break down cry like a little kid . marc Mom ! debbie whatever it be , we will figure it out , honey . she hold he , until a cop enter and pull he aside , we follow they into the live room . CUT to : 104 int . marce house - live room - morning 104 Big cop in uniform stand tall , with intimidating dog by they side . cop be you Marc Hall ? marc yes ... they handcuff Marc . the dog bark , Marc 's mom cry . Marc hold he head low as they read he he miranda rights . cop * you have the right to remain * silent . anything you say can and * will be use against you in a court * of law . * Marc 's dad talk to police in tough guy , confrontational way . mr. hall what 's go on here , what 's this about ? ( continued ) revise Blue - 03/16/12 68a. 104 continued : 104 cop Sir , I be go to have to ask you to step aside . he continue read Marc he rights . * cop ( cont 'd ) * you have the right to speak to a * attorney present during any * question . if you can not afford a * lawyer , one will be provide for * you . * ( continued ) 69 . 104 continued : 104 one police officer walk by carry out pink pump seal in a plastic bag . CUT to : 105 int . marc be room - day 105 Police search the room , they find designer clothes and accessory under the bed that they bag as evidence . CUT to : 106 ext . marce house - day 106 they shove Marc in the back of the police car in the driveway of the modest suburban house . his dad have he arm around he mom , who watch cry in she robe . CUT to : 107 int . police car - day 107 close up : on Marc , feel like a piece of shit , as the car drive away with he . CUT to : 108 tmz footage on t.v. 108 tmz reporter ( o.s. ) suspect Marc Hall , be arrest today in conjunction with the Hollywood Hills burglary that occur over the past few month . it be believe that the gang refer to as " the burglar bunch ' ... 109 int . nicki be house - day 109 cop bang on door . cop ( o.s. ) open up , l.a.p.d. Laurie be hysterical in she juicy sweat suit as she open the door . her yorkie bark . ( continued ) 70 . 109 continued : 109 a big gold buddha statue stand near the entrance . laurie yes ? cop be this the residence of nicolette Moore ? laurie yes , what be this about ? cop we have a warrant to search you house . everyone need to come outside . the girl yell from upstairs . nicki ( o.s. ) oh my god , what 's go on ! Laurie , who look terrify , try to remain calm and center . laurie Girls - you need to come downstairs , now . police officer ma'am , we need you to secure you animal . emily what be it ?! Police go into she room to search . emily ( cont 'd ) I do not understand ?! what 's happen ?! the police bring out a Louis vuitton suitcase and designer bag and clothing from she room . CUT to : the girl come into the live room . the yorkie keep bark . Nicki be wear the same baby blue juicy sweat pants as in the surveillance video . they handcuff Nicki and bring she outside . ( continued ) 71 . 109 continued : 109 police officer we need you all to leave the premise and wait outside . 110 ext . nicki be house - day 110 suburban neighbor come out to watch as Nicki be tell to face the wall , handcuff . Laurie , and the rest of the family be outside in they robe and pajamas . Nicki and Emily be cry . there be 4 police car , and police officer all around . police officer you have the right to remain silent . he read the miranda rights as he put Nicki under arrest . nicki I want a lawyer ! call my lawyer ! they put Nicki in the back of the police car . a neighbor kid take a photo with he phone . nicki ( cont 'd ) Mom ! the girl be all cry and freaking out . emily what 's go on ?! why be they take she ?! siren scream as they pull away . CUT to : 111 int . nicki be house - day 111 Laurie , Emily and Sam in they robe and pajamas come back in to they livingroom . laurie Girls , we need to have a prayer circle right now . we need to center ourselves . Laurie take they hand and she and Emily , Sam and Henry form a circle hold hand . ( continued ) 72 . 111 continued : 111 laurie ( cont 'd ) I know that right here and now there be one mind , one presence , and I trust and know that this whole experience right now be strictly for the higher good of each and every outcome , I give thanks and this be the Truth . SAM &amp ; emily ( in unison ) and so it be . laurie and so it be . CUT to : 112 ext . rebecca' house - day 112 Police knock on the door of the well - keep home with a BMW in the driveway . Rebecca 's mom , a put together middle - age Korean business woman open the door . rebecca' mom hello , how can I help you ? police officer be this the home of Rebecca ahn ? rebecca' mom I be she mother , but she 's stay with she father in nevada . police officer ma'am , we will need to get she current address . she nod . CUT to : 113 ext . rob be house - day 113 in a work class mexican neighborhood , Rob be lead out of he house in handcuffs and put in a police car . ( continued ) 73. 113 continued : 113 his small mexican mother in she house dress watch emotionally with Rob 's 12 - yr-old and 8 - yr-old little sister in pajamas , as they take he away . CUT to : 114 ext . ricky's condo - day 114 ricky look piss , be lead out of he condo in a kimono robe and sock , way too early in the day for he . Police officer follow with a jackpot of illegal substance , zip - locs of large amount of mushroom and gun . a pitbull on the lawn bark at the cop . ricky what the fuck , man ... CUT to : 115 int . chloe' house - day 115 Chloe and she parent be at the breakfast table . they sit in a upper middle - class beige dining room , she mother in cream work out clothes and she father in a suit , read the paper . Chloe text on she black berry while she eat cereal . two small white dog lay at she mother 's foot as she drink a fruit smoothie . siren interrupt the scene , as they approach the dog start bark . CUT to : 116 ext . chloe' house - day 116 cop car be park in front of a beige calabassas mcmansion with a Lexus in the driveway . Chloe , in sweat , be lead out in handcuffs . CUT to : 117 int . police station - day 117 Marc be be question by detective in a small room . he have photo of the other kid in front of he . ( continued ) 74 . 117 continued : 117 marc we know he be out of town through the internet , you would google he name and see " Orlando Bloom be shoot a movie , he 's with miranda kerr in New York . " we walk in , it be unlock , there be no alarm . detective ( o.s. ) the door be unlock ? marc yeah , I have never even break a window . detective how do you find the rolex ? marc we find a safe at the bottom of a closet with the rolex and like five thousand dollar ... I will give everything back that I still have , and I will find a way to repay they , I be really sorry about what I do . detective do you know Rebecca be leave the state ? marc I just think she be go to stay at she dad 's cause she be not get along with she mom and step dad . detective you do not know she be crossing state line with steal property , and leave you hold the bag ? marc ( sad and betrayed ) I think she be just visit she dad . CUT to : 75 . 118 int . marce mom' car - day 118 Debbie be drive he home in silence . Marc look out the window take it all in , think about Rebecca and how it 's all over . a song come on the radio that we hear earlier when they be have fun together , he hold back tear . CUT to : 118a int . marc be room - day 118a we see over Marc 's shoulder to he computer screen as he go to Rebecca 's Facebook page . what we have see earlier as a page full of picture and message be now blank , with only Rebecca 's id photo and a icon of a lock with the message : Rebecca only share some information publicly . if you know Rebecca , add she as a friend or send she a message . CUT to : 119 ext . rebecca' dad' house las vega - day 119 we see police car approach a small house in the desert . Police knock on the door , and Rebecca open it . CUT to : 120 int . rebecca' dad' house las vega - day 120 detective we have a warrant to search the premise . be you Rebecca ahn ? rebecca yes . the detective read Rebecca she miranda rights . she be calm and collect . detective do you understand you rights ? rebecca yes . ( continued ) revise Blue - 03/16/12 76 . 120 continued : 120 detective do you know why we be at you home serve a search warrant ? rebecca yes . detective why do you think we be here ? rebecca my friend Marc be arrest and he * call I from jail and tell I the police have do a search warrant at he home . detective do you know why ? rebecca I have be watch tmz and they have be say I be a `person of interest ' in this burglary . detective be you involved in any of the burglary to this celebrity ? rebecca no , I be not . detective be there go to be any property from any of that burglary in this residence ? rebecca no . detective have you be in any of the celebrity 's home that have be burglarize ? rebecca no . detective could any of you fingerprint of DNA be find in any of the victim 's home ? ( continued ) 77 . 120 continued : 120 rebecca no . CUT to : some police look through Rebecca 's room , she closet . they check a label and hold up some item of clothes they have be look for . close up : they open a box and find the Paris Hilton nude photo from the safe . CUT to : 121 int . rebecca' dad' house las vega - day 121 the police enter the live room with the find item and address the detective . police officer we have locate a jacket and jeans that match the description by lohan , and personal photograph of Paris Hilton . Rebecca 's face go white , and she lose she composure . rebecca if I tell you where everything be , would you let I go ? hypothetically let 's say I may know where this property be locate and who have it , how could that help I ? detective the detective on this case be try to recover hundred of thousand of dollar worth of property for the victim and I be sure they would say if you cooperation help they locate it . rebecca I want to help you out , but I do not want to do anything without talk to my attorney . as the police continue to search , a box be open on the coffee table with pot and a pipe . ( continued ) 78 . 121 continued : 121 detective be this you marijuana ? rebecca yes , I have a prescription for it and buy it in California . the police pack it up with other evidence . detective you be be arrest for steal property and l.a.p.d. detective will be filing charge in they jurisdiction for burglary . they handcuff she and escort she out . CUT to : 122 int . police station - day 122 Rebecca be be question by the L.A. detective in a small room . rebecca do you speak to any of the victim ? detective I have speak to all of the victim . Rebecca 's eye light up . rebecca really ?! what do Lindsay say ? CUT to : mug shot : flashes pop and we cut to each mug shot : Rebecca , Marc , Nicki , Chloe , rob. CUT to : 122a tmz footage on t.v. 122a we see Facebook party photo of Rebecca and the other . ( continued ) 79 . continued : tv reporter ( o.s. ) Rebecca ahn , think to be the ringleader be arrest , and await she hearing with the other member . stay tune for the latest on the bling Ring . 123 ext . police station - night 123 paparazzi and video camera surround Nicki and she sister as they rush to get in they car . harsh video camera light shine in they face in the darkness . male tmz reporter how do you think you will do in jail ? she keep move , with she hood up and sunglass on . nicki oh my god ! laurie this be crazy . Laurie drive they away in she black s.u.v. CUT to : 124 internet video clip : 124 a low-re video camera show Lindsay lohan get out of a big s.u.v and approach a courthouse in a tight white dress and big sunglass as she pass a row of photographer . she look like she 's at a premier . title : actress Lindsay lohan arrive at a LA court house after be charge with felony grand theft over a necklace . CUT to : 125 int . nicki and sam' bedroom - day 125 Nicki be try on court look for Sam . she have on a Peter - Pan collare shirt , mini skirt and heel , with she hair up in a bun , she turn from the mirror to Sam . nicki do this look conservative , be this good ? ( continued ) revise Blue - 03/16/12 80. 125 continued : 125 SAM if you like a secretary - style hooker . nicki shut up. * she change she skirt to a little bit longer one . nicki ( cont 'd ) how about this ? SAM that 's better ... you need lower heel . nicki oh , yeah , where be my kitten heel ... bitch , you be so fuck lucky you be not on that video ... SAM ( cont 'd ) I know , that suck . laurie ( o.s. ) Nicki ! CUT to : 126 int . nicki be house - day 126 Laurie call up to Nicki , the yorkie bark at the door . laurie Nicki ! kate from vanity Fair be here . CUT to : 127 int . nicki be live room - day 127 Laurie sit next to Nicki as she speak to kate , a polished journalist from n.y . a tape recorder sit in front of Nicki . Nicki 's two lawyer , shannon a brunette in she early 40' , in a suit and pearl and adam , middle - age lawyer - type , sit with they . kate what do you parent do ? ( continued ) 81 . 127 continued : 127 nicki my mom do a lot of thing , she 's a minister , she 's be a masseuse , she 's a energy healer ... my dad be a director of photography on t.v. show , he 's be in the industry forever .... kate and how be Sam related ? nicki we have adopt she , we meet in ballet class when we be little . laurie I be friend with she mother -- nicki Mom , this be my interview . I meet she when my parent divorced . now she life with we , my mom 's home school we all for a while . laurie the philosophy of ` the secret ' , it 's base on the law of attraction , but my great - grandmother and grandmother both study this philosophy . it 's man' relationship to the Divine , that 's what energy science mean . nicki since I be young I learn about every religion . kate so , Sam be in you ballet class , do she have parent ? nicki she have a dysfunctional background , we both do ... laurie and I meet she mom -- nicki can I talk please ?! the reason we related so well be my dad be a recover alcoholic and Sam 's mom be .. ( continued ) 82. 127 continued : 127 laurie a practice ... nicki a practice drug addict and alcoholic and we mom become best friend and ... laurie and then she go off the deep end , she be on the verge -- nicki please ! I tell you that if you be go to be here you have to be quiet ! that 's why I do not want you here because you talk ! kate so , basically you take she in . nicki yes , we take she in about 6 year ago . shannon but let 's get back to Nicki . kate so Adam here tell I you do charity work . nicki yes , we do a lot of stuff through we church , it 's agape Church . laurie it 's the religious science philosophy be teach at agape Church . nicki my other sister , gabby be on a trip with they now help build home . and they do a yearly trip to Africa where they build well and school for kid . kate which country ? ( continued ) 83. 127 continued : 127 nicki uh , I can not remember exactly which country ... we do bake sale and feed the homeless , that kind of stuff . kate ok , so it 's a little bit of a disconnect with this positive pursuit and what 's happen now . adam Nicki , I do not want you to answer that comment . nicki I think that I be a firm ... I have a good statement to say . kate she can speak generally . nicki I be not gonna speak about the case , what I be go to say be that I be a firm believer in karma and I think this situation be attract into my life as a huge learn lesson for I to grow and expand as a spiritual human be . Nicki be get emotional as she speak , she voice quiver . nicki ( cont 'd ) I do not think the universe choose a better person than I because from this it 's not just affect I , it 's affect the media and everyone and I think I be mean to bring truth to all this .... I believe that I be a old soul . laurie yes , she be . shannon we have get to know Nicki and she family and we feel Nicki be a extremely focus , honest person who have a lot to provide to the community . ( more ) ( continued ) 84 . 127 continued : 127 shannon ( cont 'd ) and we agree that there have not be a disconnect , that there be circumstance that happen but Nicki herself continue to stay on she plane despite the tumultuous experience happen . kate what 's you goal or life plan if you have one ? nicki I do , I think my journey be to be a leader and push for peace and for the health of we planet -- Nicki start to get teary eye . shannon Nicki have express to I a lot of she humanitarianism . nicki it 's my main goal . God do not give I this talent and what I look like to sit around and just be a model or famous . I want to do something people notice , that 's why I be study business , so I can be a leader and take a stand for people . CUT to : 128 int . lawyer' office - day 128 over kate 's shoulder , we see Marc speak into she tape recorder , with he lawyer at he side . marc I meet Rebecca in school after I move back and go to indian Hills , I go there because I have a lot of absence . I do not want to go to school , I have a lot of self - loathing and anxiety issue , I feel that I be ugly ... kate you be not ugly . ( continued ) 85 . 128 continued : 128 marc I know I be not ugly , but I never think I be a a-list look guy . I go to indian Hills to learn and be with my peer , I feel so self - conscious I do not look as good as everyone else . kate and now you be a star . Marc laugh . marc on my Facebook page recently I have 800 friend request , I accept they all , I do not even look at they , then I notice someone have create a fan page for I . if it have be for something I have do to help the community or benefit something I would love it , but it 's just kind of awkward for I that this people be loving I for something that 's look down on in society ... it 's kinda show that America have some sick fascination with a bonnie and clyde kind of thing . CUT to : 128a footage on tv 128a on t.v. / headline : Hollywood 's " burglar bunch " allegedly target a-list star . tv reporter after month of break -in to the Hollywood home of celebrity include Lindsay lohan and Paris Hilton , police say they have finally crack the case . could a group of tinsel town teens be behind a multi-million dollar heist ? Mike Van freen have the detail . we see a montage of the kid , and the victim 's home and celebrity on the red carpet . ( continued ) 86 . 128 continued : 128 reporter could this teenager be at the center of a celebrity crime spree ? Police say they have steal million in cash , art and jewelry from the mansion of Orlando Bloom , Lindsay lohan , Paris Hilton and countless other star . CUT to : 129 ext . court parking lot - day 129 it 's a sunny L.A. day . Laurie , Nicki , Sam and Emily get out of they black s.u.v. dress for court . nicki can I have a 5 mge adderal . Laurie hand she a pill from she purse , as they stop to do a quick prayer on they way . laurie just remember what we go over with Shannon , they can not prove you be in any of that house . nicki I know , mom . Laurie smooth she skirt , as she stand straight in high heel . they take hand and bow they head . nicki ( cont 'd ) I know right here and right now there be one mind , one power and one presence . emily Mom , should not we go ? nicki stop ! emily stop what ? nicki stop talk . ( continued ) revise Blue - 03/16/12 87 . 129 continued : 129 laurie she 's praying . nicki I know I be always protect and karma cleanse my journey . thank you Lord , so much for this truth . and so it be . SAM , emily &amp ; laurie and so it be . laurie ... you rock girl ! * she hug she and they break like a football team , and head to court . CUT to : 130 ext . courthouse - day 130 Nicki , dress as a sexy school girl walk up with she mother and sister . her lawyer , Shannon , be dress for success . they be flanke by paparazzi and video camera crew . Nicki stop to make a statement . Shannon stand by she side , get in the shot . nicki this be a very difficult time for myself and my family . thank you for respect my privacy , I look forward to my day in court . she do a flirtatious eye roll and saunter past the camera in she kitten heel . CUT to : we see Chloe enter the courthouse with sunglass on , flanke by lawyer surround by paparazzi and video crew . she keep she chin up defiantly and make she way in . CUT to : Marc walk in with dark sunglass , wear a suit , surround by camera man . they shout he name to get a shot . ( continued ) 88. 130 continued : 130 male tmz reporter how do it feel to be a rat ? Marc keep walk , lawyer by he side , music take over the sound and it become slow motion . flashes go off and he make he way through the mayhem . CUT to : 131 int . courthouse - day 131 we see Marc , Chloe , Nicki and Rob sit in a row , dress for court . CUT to : 132 int . courthouse hall - day 132 Rebecca , dress for court , walk with she mother , who 's hair be pull back severely . she 's dress in a dark suit and tinted glass . they be flanke by lawyer . she speak coldly to she in Korean , Rebecca answer she in English . rebecca' mom ( in korean ) sit up straight , and speak up when you answer question . rebecca ok . rebecca' mom ( in korean ) what be you think ? while I be work to support you and you sister . I give you every thing ... you have never do anything right . CUT to : 133 int . courthouse - day 133 Rebecca enter with she mom and lawyer and be bring to a row of seat with Marc , Nicki , Chloe and Rob . she be seat next to Marc , but do not look at he . Marc look over at she , but she stare ahead . the court room door close . bam - we hear the sound of a gavel bang over black . ( continued ) revise Blue - 03/16/12 89 . 133 continued : 133 judge ( o.s. ) nicolette Moore , you be find guilty on one count * of first degree residential burglary . CUT to : the court room door fly open and Rebecca , Marc , Chloe , Nicki and Rob be descend on by the press . * judge ( cont 'd ) * Marc Hall , you be find guilty on * 4 count of first degree * residential burglary . * flashes and coverage continue as they leave . Nicki sob , we freeze frame on she through a paparazzi 's long lens for a few frame and then continue . a distress Laurie follow like a protective lioness . Marc look in shock and keep he head low , and Rebecca look piss as they be lead out . we see news camera descend on they . judge ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Marc Hall , you be find guilty , with a charge of 6 count of residential burglary . you be sentence to 4 year in state prison and restitution of $ 800,000 . News coverage take over from the voice of the judge . 134 ext . courthouse - day 134 from the view of a tmz - style low -re video camera : they leave the courthouse in the mayhem . we see Nicki , Marc and Rebecca try to get out with press and lawyer surround . Nicki cry , Laurie 's freaking out . tv reporter Rebecca ahn and Marc Hall be both sentence to 4 year in state prison . Chloe taynor and Robert hernandez be each sentence to a year . we watch they leave as we hear the voice of another reporter . * ( continued ) revise Blue - 03/16/12 89a . 134 continued : 134 reporter ( o.s. ) * member of the bling Ring be * sentence today for they role in * the rash of break - in that netted * more than three million in high - end * goods . Rebecca ahn and Marc Hall * be both sentence with four year * in state prison , Chloe taynor and * Robert hernandez will face one year * each , and nicolette Moore be * sentence to six month in county * jail . * fade out . 90 . 135 ext . los angele police station - day 135 it 's a sunny afternoon . we see Marc handcuff to criminal be lead onto a white bus that read : County of Los Angeles sheriff 's department . 136 int . prison bus - day 136 Marc sit next to a big , hard - look criminal . close on Marc 's face as he look out the window , while the bus pull away . Light stream in on he pale face . he look out as the Los Angeles street go by . cut back to Marc 's young face look out the window , music start , and the bus drive out of frame . fade to black . 137 on t.v. - E entertainment news 137 Nicki , in full hair and make - up sit in front of a drape curtain back drop talk to a E journalist . interviewer we be here with Nicki Moore , who just serve 30 day for she involvement in the bling Ring , and share a cell block with one of the victim - Lindsay lohan . there be report that Lindsay be cry , with you be next to she , do you actually hear any of this ? nicki I could hear she cry the first day , which be hard when you be try to be strong , I just try to really keep to myself ... , I just try to get through the day , the day be so long you be wake up at 5:30 . interviewer and how would she look ? nicki she get to keep she extension in , most girl be talk about oh - I have to take my weave out ... she be in orange like all of we ... ( continued ) 91 . 137 continued : 137 interviewer be you nervous you be next to she because you be accuse of be a part of that group that allegedly rob she house . nicki yeah , it be hard for I there be tabloid and on t.v.s in there people be watch the story and they be show the surveillance video and stuff ... and little do people know that when that video come out I be actually in contact with she manager to tell she who I believe the people be who rob she house ... and eventually when I be able to tell my story people will know the truth . interviewer so that 's nerve wrack she could think you rob she house . nicki she could have , but you know ... yeah ... anyway , you can follow everything about I and my journey at nickimooreforever dot com . CUT to black .