< !-- if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href / / --> the cell fade in : a speck of dust grain of sand dance in the wind . as we glide over a vast desert , the speck of dust become a horse and rider . catherine young straddle the beautiful black animal , she mesmerize eye scan the horizon . a curious breeze blow across she exquisite face and she drink it in , as if the wind itself be tell something to she ... Catherine see a flickering light in the sand . she pull the rein and the horse stop moment before the dune drop into nothingness . she dismount , affectionately scratch the horse 's neck , and follow the light . when she look over she shoulder , the Arabian be now a child 's wooden hobby horse . not surprised , Catherine smile and walk down a dune , sand slide beneath she foot ... she find herself in a valley of dead tree whose decaye , gnarled limb appear to form hand . the light dance across she face . she shade she eye and pinpoint the source ... a SMALL mirror reflect ray of bright sun , house within a locket and chain . it 's hold by edward , a haunt - look boy of seven with a precocious grin and pierce eye . he sit on a fall tree trunk , patiently wait for she arrival . catherine thanks for the horse . he 's a shy child , yet comfortable with Catherine . edward you like he ? catherine he 's beautiful ... Edward smile , delighted he make she happy . catherine ( cont 'd ) but I think we be go sailing . the boy frown . catherine ( cont 'd ) you promise . a devilish glint in he eye , Edward redirect the mirror . Catherine follow the flicker to a toy boat in the sand . catherine ( cont 'd ) we can not fit into that ! Edward shine light in she eye , momentarily blind she , then snap the locket shut . when she vision clear , Catherine see a giant ship perch among the dune . a craft weigh hundred of ton just sit there in the desert . catherine ( cont 'd ) that will do . she walk toward it , but Edward do not follow . catherine ( cont 'd ) ( coax he ) come on , mister E. she extend she hand , but he adamantly shake he head no . catherine ( cont 'd ) what now ? edward ( nod at the ship ) 's break . undaunted , she ... find herself stand on the deck . catherine ( call to he ) who say ? edward mocky-lock . catherine oh no ... no you do not . edward " mocky - lock be the bogeyman . mocky -lock want I where I be . " catherine I bet we can fix it . she open a rusted iron door . it make a horrific screeching SOUND . similar to metal - on-metal , but more pierce , more pain . as if make by a live thing . catherine ( cont 'd ) ( familiar with the noise , a warning to he ) ed-ward ... the boy 's face contort , turn into something half - human , half - animal . a monster . mocky -lock . he screech , try to frighten Catherine , but she cock she head ... catherine ( cont 'd ) we agree . no more mocky-lock . the creature stick its tongue out and dive . catherine ( cont 'd ) Edward ! but it 's too late ! Edward / mocky lock slither into the sand and disappear . resigning herself to a failure , she open the palm of she leave hand , revealing a SMALL bump in the flesh between thumb and forefinger . she press hard and ... picture and SOUND distort and change int . laboratory - day we be look at a large screen show a electronically generate three - dimensional view of a human brain feature color- code neurological activity . in a specific section of the image , cell flash from yellow to red ... pull back to reveal henry west surround by computer , monitor , electronics , and keyboard . dr . miriam kent stand before a peculiar diagnostic machine scrutinize data and image . both wear garb favore by surgeon or microchip assembler . the impressive , weird computer system hum as it shift program , the unusual brain image change color . through a large window , we see into a adjoining room within which a human figure hang suspend in mid-air by a series of cable design to simulate flotation . at the console , Miriam use a pen to hit specific area of the touch - sensitive screen , change the complex chemical symbol display there . in the procedure room , a series of pharmaceutical be injected into a intravenous tube feed the sleeve / arm of the figure . a featherweight cloth mask electronically rise , revealing the sleep face of Catherine . at the console , Miriam hit a button and speak into a intercom microphone . miriam sing a song of sixpence ... in the procedure room , there be no reaction from Catherine . miriam ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) sing a song of sixpence ... catherine ( hoarse , groggy ) a pocketful of rye ... miriam ( o.s. ) four-and -twenty blackbird . Catherine 's eye open . catherine bake in a pie ... in the control room , Henry hit a switch and Catherine be lower to the pedestal . Miriam check monitor display Catherine 's vital sign and continue what must be a routine , press number on a keypad to open the pressurized airtight door separate the two area . in the procedure room , light come on and Miriam ease Catherine out of the apparatus . she check she pupil dilation , pulse , throat , and reflex . she poke and prod with a familiarity that would seem rude to a outside observer , but be nothing to they . get to she foot , we see that Catherine 's bodysuit be make of a unusual dark fabric almost liquid in consistency . at the console , Henry move to another section and for the first time , we see there be two elaborate neural monitor . and the " brain " picture here be smaller . younger ... henry " mister E. " be do fine . reveal a second figure suspend from the ceiling in the procedure room . a SMALL boy be lower to the pedestal and as Miriam record data , Catherine remove the child 's " mask , " display the haunt face of Edward . clearly , the boy be in some kind of catatonic state . miriam do we go sailing ? catherine almost . mocky - lock show up . miriam " mocky -lock be the bogeyman , mocky -lock want I where I be . " catherine mocky -lock be a pain in the ass . Henry communicate with they via the intercom . henry where do that come from again ? Catherine look annoyed - how could he forget ? catherine a nursery rhyme . Catherine detach the cable and ease Edward 's frail body into a wait wheelchair . Miriam take a penlight and examine the boy 's eye ... a emotionless void , oddly beautiful . miriam ( think aloud ) nursery rhyme , fairy tale , the bogeyman ... all preparation for the horror of the real world . make certain the child be comfortable , Catherine cover he with a blanket , rest a teddy bear on he lap , and push he into the control room , accompany by Miriam . Henry type in a command and move to join they . henry anybody hungry ? I be hungry ... a buzzer sound and another door hiss OPEN ... a constantly fretting administrator , barry cooperman , be wait for they in the corridor . cooperman Edward 's parent be here . we can see it in Catherine 's face - this be not good news . ext . campbell CENTER - day situated in a corporate / industrial area north of San Diego , California , a series of well - secure building form a mini compound . a sign near the gate read campbell CENTER - a division of sunerset industries . int . campbell CENTER - edward be room - day although this be a hospital room fill with medical equipment , its sterility have be camouflage with toy , poster , photograph , and drawing to make it more " homey . " ( some hint at aspect of Edward 's fantasy world ) . every comfort have be provide and no expense spare . Henry , Miriam , and Catherine , now wear funky / casual clothes under a lab coat , stand opposite cooperman . sitting on the bed with Edward be ella baine , a elegantly dress woman in she mid - 40' . there be a soulfulness to she , but the husband , lucien baine , 60' , possess the icy demeanor of a corporate tycoon . one might write he off as cold , but we sense a genuine love for he wife and child . ella smile and caress Edward 's hair . ella he need a haircut . catherine I will tell the nurse . ( sense something in Edward ) God , he love when you visit . ella my husband wonder if that 's true . ( deliver bad news ) he want to place Edward in a hospital . see a unfund future , Henry 's ready to disassociate himself from Miriam and Catherine ... henry there be other application for the scanner , Mr. baine ... lucien I realize that , Henry ... ( to Miriam ) and I know you work , Dr. Kent , be invaluable to this company ... catherine you do not know about I , though , do you ? lucien Catherine , we have wait eighteen month for sign of progress ... catherine there 's be progress . lucien yes , but there be no proof the procedure work . all I have be a belief that you interaction with my son be not a hallucination . Catherine be hurt and vulnerable due to exhaustion and the intensity of she experience with Edward , but feel she must defend herself . catherine ( to cooperman , Miriam , Henry ) you pick I , remember ? and I take the job . gladly . this be the next wave and I want to be part of it ... cooperman no one be doubting you ability . catherine then what be it ? introspective and solemn -ey , lucien take a moment , then : lucien I have invest million of dollar in this study ... and I have convinced other to do the same . I suppose I should feel responsible to they , but I do not . I could care less if they see a profit . I be responsible to my boy , that 's all that matter . ( look she in the eye ) you tell I ... be I do the right thing ? off catherine's face ... int . white room - day at first , we be not sure where we be or what 's happen . it 's too bright , the space confine . as we eye adjust , we seem to be in a bathroom or shower stall . we hear a woman crying and the camera find anne vicksey . Dark circle beneath eye red and puffy from cry . Hair wet and ratted . sweater and pants damp and stain . barefoot , she shiver from cold and fear ... pull back to show more of she surroundings . the white - tile 10 ' x 8 ' room feature a shower head , toilet , and a push button spigot for drink water . two wall be solid , the other two mirrore , the glass cover by thick clear plastic . the floor be litter with empty food wrapper - candy bar , juice box . in the center of the floor be a drain and above she , on the ceiling , a fluorescent lamp , also encase in clear plastic . there be no door . a mechanism click . then a rumbling ... Anne seem to know what 's come . she press against the wall , remove she arm from the sleeve of the sweater , hunch down , and raise the garment over she head , form a tent . water erupt from the shower head . there be no steam , so this water must be cold . shake , Anne whisper a count to herself - " one - one thousand , two - one thousand , three ... " and so on . the spray hit everything in the room - mirror , toilet , floor - and a food wrapper drift toward the drain . anne thirty . she peek up from the tent , but the water have not stop , and that be not what she expect . we hear a soft sucking noise and a click . the wrapper rise on a puddle of water . Anne pound she fist on the wall . anne ( cont 'd ) ( angry , scared ) thirty ! a puddle form around she foot and she realize the drain have somehow be seal shut . her panic intensify as we hear another click and the water pressure increase . int . campbell CENTER - laboratory - day in the darken procedure room , Miriam find Catherine stand between the two suspension device , alone . miriam you okay ? Catherine turn , nod , and try to smile . have she be cry ? Miriam step further into the room . catherine he hate I . miriam lucien baine ? Catherine nod . miriam ( cont 'd ) I would not say " hate . " dislike , distrust , maybe . Catherine laugh . exactly what Miriam want . miriam ( cont 'd ) she adore you . catherine she think I can bring Edward back . miriam someday you can . we all believe that ... Catherine halfheartedly nod , but she mind be elsewhere , focus on the two apparatuse . catherine I want to try it . please . Miriam know what this be about . miriam we have be over this a dozen time . no. catherine why not ? just once . a trial run . what harm could it do ? miriam I do not want to find out . ever the doctor , Miriam find herself surreptitiously examine Catherine 's eye , flesh tone , a slight tremble in she fingertip . catherine why be it take so long for we to reach he ? because we have be reactive , that 's why . and we need to be active . Miriam reach for Catherine 's wrist and take she pulse . catherine ( cont 'd ) ( annoyed ) Miriam ... miriam shush . as Miriam examine she , Catherine continue : catherine he create the obstacle , he decide which game to play . miriam I have hear this argument before . it 's not happen . catherine ( frustrated ) it could take year for I to get past the barrier he 's create . miriam if we reverse the feed and bring Edward into you mind , it could be devastating for he . imagine the shock of suddenly exist in a whole other world . catherine I do it all the time ! miriam yes , but , you be a willing participant . picture Edward in a strange place , lose , frighten ... catherine I would be there for he . miriam and he might blame you for terrifying he . that one moment could erase all you have accomplish . and if that happen , the trust he have in you be go . catherine ( defeat ) okay , okay ... Miriam take a penlight and examine Catherine 's eye . miriam besides , I do not know what it might do to you . you be already exhaust . ( concerned ) have you be sleep ? Catherine nod . miriam ( cont 'd ) I can prescribe something ... Catherine shake she head no . Miriam shut off the penlight and look at Catherine with professional and personal concern . miriam ( cont 'd ) you be sure ? any more nightmare ? catherine ( defensively ) no . miriam good . we need you healthy and relaxed . you be go to eat well , meditate , exercise , and watch mindless television . catherine yes mother . miriam I do not want you up all night read Edward 's case file of the nine millionth time . Balance , dear girl , be the key . leave the work here . she tap Catherine 's head . miriam ( cont 'd ) do not bring it home in this . catherine okay . Miriam gather she belonging . miriam Henry want I to try this vietnamese place he 's wild about . want to come ? catherine ( decline ) I have get to feed my cat . besides , I want to get to bed early . miriam that 's my girl . Miriam exit , but Catherine remain , still curious what could happen if thing be reverse . int . campbell CENTER - hallway - day the corridor be dark and most everyone have go home . at the nurse station , a staff member observe the child on a close - circuit monitor . further down the hall , Miriam and Henry exit . wearing a ( chic ) thrift store coat and lug a wear book bag , Catherine stand outside Edward 's room , watch he sleep . catherine pleasant dream , mister E. ext . rural highway - day a GREEN ford pick - up truck cruise down this desert stretch of two - lane blacktop , the driver carefully maintain the speed limit . he signal and exit ... ext . country road - day the truck rumble along a stretch of bumpy , unpave road . the area be desolate , depress , and desert . it feel like no one 's be anywhere near here for year . the pick -up stop at a rusted gate and the driver , a tall , lean , sinewy fellow undoe a combination lock - and -chain . we do not yet see he face . ext . abandoned farm house - day the truck park inside a char barn , now hide from view , and the driver step out , follow by he dog . a magnificent white german shepherd . we notice a glint in its blue eye - the animal 's a albino . the driver point and whistle . well - train , the shepard sprint to the gate and wait , keep a watchful eye on the road . int . the cell - observation room - day from the outside , a passerby would never know this sanctuary exist . within the foundation of a farm building never complete , we find a small room in the center of a much larger space . the cell . we hear the whir of electronic equipment and notice video cameras mount on tripod point at the two - way glass . we follow cable to a massive video recorder - the type use in surveillance , able to record for day without maintenance , and a elaborate timing device connect to a series of valve and switch . as if in a beatific trance , the driver move to the window and gently rest he palm on the glass . anne move ! arm flail , mouth gasp , eye fill with dread . the last spark of life ... the driver jump , startle and frighten . almost shamefully , he turn and hide , unable to look at she . suddenly , he body tense and writhes , as if seize by torturous pain . he open he mouth in a silent scream . and then , quickly as it come , the pain subside . Hidden in shadow , he breathes deeply , regain self - control . he wait , then move back to the glass . Anne 's dead face float past he . almost angelic . he watch she and lean he head against the window , closer . and the driver catch he own reflection in the mirror . meet carl stargher . ext . catherine's house - night small and isolate , the nearest neighbor a block away . int . catherine's house - night the place be a mess . Computer print-out , dirty dish , unopen mail , videotape , and notepad cover table , chair and floor . on the cramme bookshelve , psychology text sit next to volume on mythology , religion , and the occult . totem , figurine and artifact ( Central and South american in origin ) adorn the wall and table . as portishead play on the stereo , we find Catherine suffer from insomnia , wear goofy - yet-hip eyeglass , sweatpant and a ucsd T-shirt , share a late- night snack with she pet cat . she shut the refrigerator door and we linger on a odd postcard tape to the surface . a kitschy postcard of a warrior / goddess . int . basement - night we move out of shadow , toward a bright focus light , follow the albino german shepherd - valentine - as it enter a vast subterranean room . most of the wall have be knock down , leave only thick support post . Valentine find stargher in a dugout pit - about five foot deeper than the rest of the room - polish a stainless steel table . a bright tungsten work light hang above , and near it be the chain , cable and hook of a customize mechanical hoist . the dog pick up a unpleasant scent and follow it to a far corner where there be empty jug of bleach sit next to a long , deep cast iron tub . stargher whistle and Valentine obediently retreat to a kennel cage . stargher give he a chew toy and lock the dog inside before move to the tub . soaking in the bleach be the nude corpse of Anne vicksey . the interior of the tub be glaze with gleam porcelain and the whiteness of she flesh make it appear as though she be float in nothingness , but what hypnotize and appall be she eye . Wide open , transformed by the chlorine into something ghostly , they be unforgettable . as the bleach gurgle down the drain , stargher lift Anne from the tub and carry she to the table . he place she face up and dry she with a clean white towel . he move she limb , lip , hip , and hand into desire position then retreat into shadow . in the harsh light , against the shiny table , the bleach body have the quality of a apparition and we almost expect she to move ... we hear stargher remove he clothes and he step into the pool of light . nude , we see that he lean , muscular frame be lace with some rough tatoos . when he turn he back to we , we find EIGHT metal ring , thick and strong , pierce through he flesh . two column of four on either side of the spine , run from shoulder blade to just below the waist . what in God 's name be they for ? stargher shut off the work light and move to a area where he keep television monitor and vcr . he insert a videocassette take from the surveillance deck and watch the screen . in black and white , we see Anne awaken in the cell . her first moment inside . disorient , terrify , trap , she examine she surroundings . stargher be mesmerize by she fear . fast -forward to she death , he press a remote and we get SOUND . Anne scream , begging for she life . arouse , stimulate , stargher drink it in like a symphony . Valentine cower in the back of he cage , hat this . int . catherine's house - bedroom - night lying on she bed ( a waterbed ) , Catherine sleepily stare at the ceiling , roll onto she side , and feel herself draw into the comforter . the fold of the fabric become ripple . ripples become dune . ext . edward world - day and we find ourselves in the desert of edward world . we fly over dune and come up behind Catherine as she struggle through wave of sand . the tree trunk be up ahead and we glimpse someone hide inside . Catherine reach . mockey - lock erupt from within the tree trunk ! snarling ! Catherine retreat , silently scream . int . catherine's house - bedroom - dawn in her own bed , Catherine 's eye be open . in sharp contrast to a typical reaction to a nightmare , she remain calm . no sweaty face , no gasp , no reaction at all , really . she might as well have be dream of puppy dog . Wide awake , she eye return they gaze to the ceiling . catherine go. to. sleep . int . stargher house - basement - night chain attach to bizarre hook dangle from the ceiling . admire Anne 's body , stargher link the hook to the ring in he back . he press a remote unit and up in the rafter , a series of gear click into motion . the sound be torturous as the mechanical hoist lift stargher off the ground , pull at the ring , strip of flesh rise . stargher grimace , but clearly he want the pain , need it . as the hoist click into another gear , it carry stargher over the table until he body be perfectly position above Anne 's . in the flicker weird light of the television screen , stargher resemble something from the twisted imagination of William blake - a levitate demon ready to debauch a innocent angel . with he free hand , he touch himself , chain clinking and sway . ext . river bank - day a railroad bridge and highway span a almost - bone - dry creek bed . gather beneath the overpass be the police , coroner , criminialists , and a local FBI . a sedan travel down a service road and stop nearby . two men exit , identify themselves as FBI and move to the crime scene . special agent gordon ramsey be well - groom , pride himself on professionalism , and follow the Bureau party line . special agent peter novak be rough around the edge , introspective , and intense . a loner who march to the tune of a peculiar drummer , he 's unconventionally handsome with probing eye . he move slowly , observe the scene - the world , for that matter - from a unique perspective . as ramsey find the FBI 's local liaison - agent cole - novak oblivious to the people around he , touch dirt , smell the air , and examine road , river , bridge and sky . ramsey who find she ? Cole nod at a visibly shake workman seat in a patrol car . cole surveyor for the railroad ... ' Bout six this morning . novak see a female body wrap in plastic and bound by wire . supervise the examination of the woman be FBI pathologist dr . theodore " teddy " lee , a polite , dapper southern gentleman . novak thanks for wait , teddy . teddy give novak a friendly , respectful salute - " my pleasure . " novak don glove , nod to a FBI photographer and assist teddy Lee in snipping wire and peel back thick clear plastic . as the photographer react to a strong smell , teddy comment . teddy lee bleach . as the man snap picture , ramsey and Cole join they . sadly , novak recognize the face . novak Anne Marie vicksey . we recognize she , too . cole she the one from Santa Cruz ? novak just graduate law school . single mom . have a two - year - old daughter . he and teddy expose the bleach flesh of she torso , neither man surprised . coldly thorough , novak find another of the killer 's tell - tale sign . novak ( cont 'd ) ( instruct the photographer ) the semen on she leg and abdomen . flash ! photo be take . teddy lee someone look after she little girl ? novak grandparent . live over in Davis . novak look into the dead white eye of Anne vicksey , try to imagine the horror she beheld . he move to the creek and see only a few inch of water . his eye move from the drop site to the highway above . teddy lee the poor thing . flash ! we be up there now , on the overpass , with the photographer and novak , examine tire track in the soft shoulder . novak peer over the edge at the crime scene , step back , and focus on the highway - imagine the killer 's truck as it disappear into the night . ext . office plaza - day a pretty young woman , julia hickson , share lunch with she fiancee , JOHN tracy . they talk , laugh and kiss , not a care in the world . int . pick - up truck - across the STREET - day as talk radio play , Carl stargher watch they , specifically Julia , he eye never off she for too long as he hand work on something banal but unseen . talk radio host ... complain about government subsidy for farmer ... the voice on the radio become distorted as we hear it through stargher 's ear ... talk radio host ( cont 'd ) ... but without subsidy , family will starve , and I be nodd exagggeerrrrr .... ayding . iff id werrrr up tooooo meeeee ..... the host 's voice fade into a guttural , monstrous groan . talk radio host ( cont 'd ) meeeee gawwwwwdd caaaarrrrlll . mee god cum ... ( return to normal ) meeeee....wwuuuuuddunnnnttttt ... be spend billion on other country when we have get problem right here . he open he eye and watch John kiss Julia goodbye as she return to work . stargher look down and we see what he 's be work on - a toy doll . female . stripped of its clothes , a single metal ring stick through its plastic neck . int . coffee shop - day his lunch finish , ramsey be on a cell - phone talk to he wife . chain-drink coffee , novak scrutinize photo of the tire track . ramsey well , honey , what 's worse ? do it yourself or ask you mother for help ? ( get he answer ) can it wait ' till I get back / ( listen , answer ) I have no idea , jeannie . novak check he watch and the street . clearly wait for someone or something . ramsey ( cont 'd ) well all right . good luck with the monster . I love you too . bye-bye . ramsey snap shut the cell - phone . ramsey ( cont 'd ) we call jeannie 's mother " the monster " because , well ... she just be . novak be oblivious , pour over tire - related info . ramsey ( cont 'd ) I know you could care less about my personal life , Peter , but I do appreciate the occasional , " how 's you wife , Gordon ? " he wait . novak oblige : novak how be she ? ramsey pregnant . thanks for ask . novak be distract by teddy Lee enter the diner . novak here he be . ramsey damn , man , I give up . you partner tell you he wife 's gonna have a baby , and all you care about be a coroner 's report ! ramsey assess the exhaust , lonely , intense man sit across from he . ramsey ( cont 'd ) I feel for that girl too , Pete . and they family . but it 's just a job . someday it will be over . and then what ' will you have ? much to novak 's appreciation , teddy Lee 's arrival provide a escape from answer the question . teddy lee hot off the press . he give they copy of the autopsy report and forensic analysis of Anne Marie vicksey . the waitress see teddy , approach , and offer a menu . teddy lee ( cont 'd ) ( do not need it ) Chicken fry steak , mashed potato , garden salad with thousand Island dress and a iced -tea . thank you darlin' . she nod and move to the kitchen . novak and ramsey flip through the document . teddy lee ( cont 'd ) Water in she lung . same brand of bleach . Match on the semen . lot of hair . ramsey ( unenthuse ) more hair . I could knit this guy a toupee . novak find something in the report that catch he by surprise . he double - check and show the item to teddy . teddy lee ( read ) so ? novak Anne vicksey do not own a dog . ramsey check he copy . novak ( cont 'd ) I need it . teddy lee now ? novak now . int . forensic laboratory - day a monitor show a single hair under a video microscope . teddy Lee play with the dial and get a spectral view . teddy lee complete absence of melanin . novak and ramsey stand over he shoulder . ramsey and that mean ? teddy move aside and take another bite of he lunch ( chicken fry steak now carry - out ) . novak the dog 's a albino . ( picture it ) he would love a animal like that . teddy lee gentlemen , I believe a albino dog be rare indeed . int . parking garage - night exiting a elevator , Julia head for she little Toyota . smart girl that she be , she eye scan the area and she finger hold a can of mace . int . toyota - night Julia climb in , check she mirror and back up . wham ! do she hit something ?? she brake , put the car in park , and check she sideview mirror . reflected there be a wounded dog . a white german shepherd . she roll down she window and can hear the poor thing whimper . julia oh no ... int . parking garage - night Julia exit she car and kneel next to Valentine , who appear to be in terrible pain . julia God ... I do not see you . stargher' hand come at her from behind ! one grab she hair and the other cover she face with a chloroform - soak towel . he press so hard , she can not scream , can not move . after a brief struggle , he shove she into she car and hold she until she pass out . stargher push Julia into the passenger seat and start the car . pull a dog treat from he pocket and whistle . the shepherd instantly perk up . perfectly healthy . and jump into the car . stargher ( feed he a treat ) good boy . int . riverside county sheriff' station - day in a briefing room we find teddy Lee , ramsey , Cole and local cop . all in need of caffeine . they complain , gossip , and shoot the shit . resembling a demand professor , novak enter and through presence alone , lack any self consciousness about he dishevel appearance , take control of the room by hold up a photograph of a young woman . novak donna krozin . ( a new picture every time ) helen Francis , Teresa manicki ... the chatter die . novak ( cont 'd ) antoinette simm , Natalie pagel , Grace cassatt ... Anne vicksey . every person be solemn and focus . novak ( cont 'd ) smart , gentle , attractive young woman . just start out in life . embark on career , go to school , get marry ... he 's hook they . the victim , this woman , now mean something to they . with great effect , he hold up grisly post-mortem photo . novak ( cont 'd ) they be kill . kidnap , torture , and murder . by a white male . about 30 - year old . ( significantly ) who own a albino dog . / everyone know this be a real clue and awareness be heighten . ramsey chime in . ramsey a purebred german shepherd . novak show they a picture of a white german shepherd take from a resource on the Internet . ramsey ( cont 'd ) breeder typically destroy albino pup , so this animal be truly unique . novak Nicole labetzki . victim seven . forensics find dog hair in she car , but they have a k - 9 unit at the scene and never have it check . teddy lee the Phoenix office test that hair thirty minute ago . and we get the match . novak it 's he dog . ramsey hold up a thick list . ramsey registered breeder of german shepherd . the list be long and a few of the cop groan . novak silence they with a fierce look that say , " I will not rest until this man be find and neither should you . " novak be thorough , but be fast . this guy 's accelerate . he only wait six day this last time . when he start , two month could pass . a desk seargent enter the room and hand a fax to ramsey . novak be curious about it , but continue . novak ( cont 'd ) this can mean different thing . he think we be stupid and can not catch he . he 's have fun and need more . or ... ( think it through ) this dog hair thing be sloppy . the body this morning be find in less than three inch of water . he know we would find she . he want to be catch . but if we can not stop he ... gravely concerned , ramsey move across the room . novak ( cont 'd ) ( dread what 's on that fax ) ...he can not stop himself . int . stargher house - bathroom - day stargher , the awful pain eat away at he skull . he search the medicine chest . distorted voice I god feed on pain . the voice echoing inside he skull . distorted voice ( cont 'd ) pain good . cumm home to meee ... int . stargher house - kitchen - day struggle to stay on he foot , he move to the kitchen . Valentine pace nervously , whimper concern . stargher reach for a bottle of vodka but fall to the floor . Valentine bark , but get no reaction from master . we move in on stargher 's unblink eye . distorted voice go sleep Carl . I god wake up now . int . the cell - day Julia hickson find the snack food , drink spigot , toilet , shower , and drain . her bare foot try to adjust to the tile floor , but it 's fuck cold . she glimpsis herself in the mirror and be startle by what she see - a terrify girl . int . suburban house - day a tan sedan sit in the driveway of this modest middle - class home . a ventura county sheriff' car sit nearby , a deputy keep watch . int . suburban house - day a distraught middle - age couple , mr. and mrs . hickson , sit on the couch of they live room . family photo show they with Julia , whose fiancee , John , do he best to comfort the mother . novak and ramsey have the unfortunate task of interview they about they daughter 's disappearance . ramsey she be still live at home ? mr. hickson yes , sir . JOHN we be look at apartment . mr. hickson ( important they know ) but nobody be move in together ' till after the wedding . novak have not say much . instead , he look at something in he hand - a plastic evidence bag contain the toy doll . ramsey John , you come to pick she up when ? JOHN eight o'clock . we be go out for my birthday . mr. hickson maybe you make a mistake . maybe she ... she ... novak hide the doll . ramsey no sir . I be sorry . ramsey 's cell - phone ring and he excuse himself to a corner of the room , leave novak alone to deal with this uncomfortable , sad situation , no one say a word until a emotionally shattered Mrs. hickson , finger a rosary , feel compel to tell he . novak after three year she remember what the guy drive ? ramsey she remember because it be she " dream truck . " want one just like it . ext . SMALL airport - day ramsey and novak exit a small jet and be meet by FBI agent stockwell . stockwell ramsey , novak ? they nod and he direct they to a wait gmc suburban . stockwell ( cont 'd ) agent stockwell . novak where be he ? stockwell Edison . just east of loma Park . swat 's have the house under surveillance for about twenty minute . ( info memorize ) suspect be Carl rudolph stargher . no register weapon , no prior . get a license for he dog , though . name he Valentine ... int . gmc suburban - day stockwell be behind the wheel , racing down the highway . ramsey 's in the passenger seat , novak in back . shotgun and body armor line the cargo area . novak 's eye target the fax , a copy of stargher 's license and registration , and the grainy dot - matrix image of the suspect 's face . and novak know he 's find he . novak you be the bad man , be not you , Carl ? ext . stargher house / neighborhood - day a sparsely populate lower- middle class neighborhood . a half dozen plain house at the end of a cul - de-sac . bare tree . Brown lawn . crow in the air . the house furthest from the main road have a white Ford f250 pick - up in the driveway . Green trim . the suburban , hide from stargher 's house , four-wheel it through a prairie and stop outside the backyard of a preschool , where two more suburban and a van already wait . int . preschool - day stockwell introduce ramsey and novak to brock , leader of the FBI tactical unit , a calm , confident ex - Marine wear a black uniform and body armor . brock glad you could make it . we lose the sun in half a hour . novak and ramsey join he at the shade window to observe stargher 's house . Children 's drawing fill the wall . as Brock explain , novak check with binocular . brock ( cont 'd ) perimeter 's two -hundre yard around the house . Three man at the rear , two on each side , four up front . I have get two marksman on the roof . novak have they see he ? brock no . there 's be movement in the kitchen . but it could be the dog . ( important ) you think she 's in there ? novak be careful with he answer . novak we proceed assume she be . ramsey let 's give old Carl a call . tell he he 's get company . novak no . ( to Brock ) can you get a man close ? ext . stargher house - day quiet . calm . and then we catch a glimpse of a figure advance , use any cover he can , until he be right outside the house . the sneaky swat team member , ericson , whisper into he throat mic . ericson I be at the back door . brock ( v.o . ) ( in ericson 's earpiece ) check the kitchen . ericson maneuver he way to the kitchen window and use a mirror to sneak a peek . in the reflection we see a motionless man lie on the floor . ericson I have a man down . repeat , man down . brock ( v.o . ) stargher ? ericson chance a quick visual check and pop he head up before report . ericson can not see he face . int . preschool - day Brock look to novak , urgency and tension mount . novak know how much be riding on this specific moment . all the various outcome . and decide . novak go. ext . stargher house - day the swat team swarm towards the house . int . stargher house - day ericson kick in the back door . gun ready ! ericson FBI ! he and three other rush inside ! bam ! four men kick in and proceed through the front door ! swat team member FBI ! a odd quiet be all they encounter . in the back , ericson move through a laundry room and find valentine hide behind a pile of dirty clothes , frighten by this mask figure in black . ericson ( into throat mic ) I have get the dog ! he point for someone to secure the animal and move into the kitchen , aim he gun at the man on the floor , finally get a look at he face . ericson ( cont 'd ) ( recognize he ) Carl stargher ! do not move ! no problem there . stargher appear lifeless . as various swat team member secure the house , ericson remove he mask and cuff stargher , startle at the sight of the horrible ring pierce he back . ericson ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ ... ext . preschool / stargher' house - day as a ambulance emerge from a hide place behind another garage , we follow novak and ramsey as they run from the preschool into the house . int . stargher house as a k-9 unit secure Valentine , novak storm into the kitchen , check stargher for a pulse and bark at swat > novak paramedics . now . ramsey push through and novak inform he . novak ( cont 'd ) he 's alive . ext . stargher house - day FBI agent and local police cordon off the area . int . stargher house - kitchen - day Valentine be muzzle and lead away as the paramedics load stargher onto a stretcher . agent stockwell turn to a worried novak . stockwell they will take he to County General . reid 's already there . novak make sure he stay cuffed . two man on he at all time . I do not want anyone treat he but reid . not so much as a thermometer up he ass . understand ? stockwell nod and follow the stretcher outside . a stoic ramsey enter from the live room and novak can see the disappointment in he eye . ramsey she 's not here . novak would give anything for that not to be true . ramsey ( cont 'd ) ( it get worse ) you should come downstairs . int . stargher house - basement - day ramsey lead novak into stargher 's " workroom . " it 's all here , the table , the pierce supplies , the bleach . a odd , grisly collection of doll fill cubby hole in a wooden storage / shelf unit . novak 's eye be like a camera , document and store as much information as possible , but it 's overwhelming . he move through the basement . careful not to touch anything . he stop and focus on the hoist and eight hook situate over the stainless steel table . ( note : on the winch's motor be a worn plaque reading " carver industrial equipment " with a logo ) . ramsey switch on the video monitor and the screen fill with image of Anne die in the cell . novak be painfully , tragically draw to this . although he 's see he share of horrific thing , novak be truly disturb by the sight of Anne , desperate to escape , drown , slowly die , and he know : this be what will happen to Julia hickson unless he find she . int . the cell - night click . water sprays from the shower . caught by surprise , Julia block the spray with she hand and search for a shut off valve . of course , there be none . thirty second later , the water stop . like a animal catch in a trap , Julia 's eye dart around she " cage . " what kind of hell be this ? shiver , she catch herself in the mirror and look deeply into it . something 's odd about the glass . be someone watch she ? she bang on it with she fist . julia hey ! pound , pound , pound ! julia ( cont 'd ) let I out !!! but there 's no response . only she reflection . int . kern county hospital - examination room - night a human eye . no movement , no deviation of the iris . a fix stare . the catatonic stargher lie in a hospital bed , wrist cuffed to the frame . a iv feed he fluid and monitor report he vital sign . as a nervous nurse exit , we see two policemen stand guard in the outer hallway . novak , ramsey and teddy Lee stand by as the killer be examine by dr . milton reid , a brilliant forensic M.D. currently shine a opthalmoscope into stargher 's eye . he pull away and check the electroencenphelogram already on a lightbox . reid minimal activity in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex . and here , the anterior cingulate cortex . ( to novak and ramsey ) it 's what help distinguish between external and internal stimulus . ramsey what the hell do that mean ? teddy lee ( answer for reid ) he 's schizophrenic . novak do not like this . not one bit . ramsey what be you do here , reid ? pave the way for he insanity defense ? reid no need . there will not be a trial . this be no act . the coma be real . ramsey whoa . wait a minute . reid you ever hear of whalen 's infraction ? clearly not . reid ( cont 'd ) ( be : the eeg ) in any schizophrenic , this area would be affect . but in someone with whalen 's , they be hit hard and hit fast . novak 's worry intensify . reid ( cont 'd ) stargher 's neurological system be infect by a virus in utero . it lay dormant . in he case for about ... ( guess at stargher 's age ) ... thirty year . most likely , he 's exhibit symptom for awhile now , but the infraction - the breach - do not occur ' till today . you never know when it will happen , at what age , or why . the triggers vary , but the result do not . ( fascinate by stargher ) he have no tie to reality . no awareness of this world or the people in it . teddy lee what about thorazine ? or ... desoxyn ? reid the normal psychotropics do not work . he 's not just catatonic , he 's ... disappear . like have a dream and never waking up . novak this girl . Julia hickson . only he know where she be . reid then I be sorry . for she and for you . novak be past angry . he 's border on devastation . ramsey attempt to placate he . ramsey we will go back to he house , Pete . there 's still a lot to do . analyze the video , track sale of the bleach , go through he record . maybe he own property somewhere . novak they be in that fuck thing for forty hour , Gordon . four-oh . he get Julia at seven-thirty last night . you know what time it be now ...?! ramsey back off , know he partner be on the verge of really lose it . reid think perhaps he should not , but sensitive to novak 's pain and anger , mention it anyway - if only to keep he friend from true hopelessness . reid Peter ? this be a longshot . I mean a real long shot . you be gonna think I be crazy ... ext . edward world - day the ship 's engine roar to life and the propeller spin through sand . catherine ( o.s. ) it 's fix ! at the tree trunk , Catherine extend she hand and suddenly Edward be there , quite close , reach out . Catherine 's hand tremble . the boy be startle . catherine ( cont 'd ) ( surprised , to herself ) I be not signal ... her hand tense and shake uncontrollably . voice ( o.s. ) sing a song of sixpence ... catherine ( angry , to the heaven ) I be not signal ! Edward be frighten by what 's happen and run away . Catherine try to call out , but she throat constrict , make speech difficult . catherine ( cont 'd ) I be not ... int . campbell CENTER - laboratory - day Catherine 's face be cover by a cloth float down from the sky . the sky be replace by the ceiling and overhead light of the laboratory , but Miriam 's face remain constant . now conscious , Catherine find herself in the lab at the Campbell Center , the suspension device lowering . miriam ( on intercom ) sing a song of sixpence . catherine ( hoarse ) a pocketful of fuck rye . ( worried ) what 's wrong ? miriam ( cagey ) nothing . catherine ( disappointed ) why do we stop ? cooperman appear in the window and explain . cooperman ( on intercom ) I ask they to . ( with gravity ) we have a situation . int . campbell CENTER - conference room - day a SMALL tv screen show footage of Anne drown in the cell . Catherine , cooperman , Henry , and Miriam watch with curiosity , disgust , pity . novak and ramsey flank the portable monitor / vcr , know this be a disturbing but powerful tool . there 's someone else in the room . John Tracy . he cannot watch the video , not again . Catherine glance at he , uncomfortable with he presence . miriam when do he lapse into the coma ? novak sometime yesterday morning . John try to keep he composure , but novak 's make this tough for he . novak want the scientist to see , to understand the boy 's pain . novak ( cont 'd ) each tape be the same . he provide food , drink water , a toilet . periodically , a shower start . it 's on some kind of timer - he 's clever with machine , building thing . I think he want they to believe this be a simple kidnap . that there 's a possibility of rescue . of survival . but it 's just a form of torture . at the end of the fortieth hour , the drain shut . the water start and do not stop . ( gravely ) we have already lose more than a day . if she be not find tonight . she die like the rest . cooperman ( to Miriam , Henry and Catherine ) John and ella baine - as well as the sunerset board of director - have give they approval , but the decision be yours . miriam what about the legality of this ...? novak stargher be in custody . the functional equivalent of be under arrest . normally , we would mirandize he , and if he do not lawyer up , we would interrogate he . but because of he condition , he do not have the capacity to waive that rights . henry so what you be ask we to do be illegal ? novak no , not at all . ( explain ) we be deal with exigent circumstance . somewhere there 's a kidnap woman still alive . if we weigh the suspect 's constitutional rights against the public safety . the Law favor the victim and give we a lot of leeway . it 's call the Public Safety exception . cooperman so what can you do ? novak pretty much anything we want . there 's a chance to save a human life . because of that , stargher have no reasonable expectation of privacy . Miriam , Henry and cooperman appear to be onboard . novak 's make a persuasive , heartfelt argument . only one person still remain uncertain . catherine what if ...? all eye turn to she . catherine ( cont 'd ) what if he be not like this ? what if he be " normal ? " conscious . how far would you go ? novak as far as I need . Catherine nod , analyze novak 's eye , gesture , body language , and " interrogates " he . catherine do you think he would tell you what you need to know ? John 's discomfort be increase and novak be sensitive to it . novak there 's always a chance they will confess . catherine really ? I do not work with violent case , I work with child . but even a kid lie . they love it when they get you to believe something that be not true . do not you think stargher would do the same ? novak sometimes ... once they have be catch they feel a need for disclosure . they have so much they want to tell . but they have never have a sympathetic ear . they need someone to understand why . ( focus on Catherine ) stargher use to hide the body very carefully . it be part of the ritual . some be not find for week and any physical evidence have be meticulously wipe clean . but this last three ... they be still in water - always in water - but ( clarifies ) listen , he be not just careless . it go beyond that ... catherine okay . let 's assume he want you to find he , that some part of he hate what he be do ... most likely , that part be dead . schizophrenics with whalen 's infraction sever all tie with the real world . I be sorry , I really be . ramsey be it possible ? catherine if he come to trust I , yes , but it take month to build that kind of trust . someone like stargher can not distinguish between fantasy and reality . it 's all the same . he might tell I she 's in timbuktu and absolutely , one hundred percent believe it to be true , but she 's ... JOHN ( o.s. ) Julia . they turn to John Tracy . his vulnerable , barely audible voice force everyone to listen . JOHN ( cont 'd ) not " she . " Julia . not thing , or it , or she . do you know anything about she ? do you know what we have be through ? Julia be everything to I . can you say that about anyone ? Catherine hang she head . and find herself look at photograph of the girl in question . a smile Julia hickson look right at she . whoop -whoop -whoop -whoop . pounding reverberation ... ext . campbell CENTER - day whoop -whoop -whoop -whoop . a helicopter descend onto the pad . a stretcher be remove from the side door of the helicopter . int . campbell CENTER - various / travelling - day the staff watch with a mixture of fear and curiosity as a stretcher bear the catatonic stargher be wheeled fast through the corridor by a FBI escort team . int . campbell CENTER - conference room - day hundred of photograph , drawing , diagram , map , blueprint , and document - novak 's case material - cover every inch of wallspace . the table be litter with reference book , atlase , telephone , a fax machine , short wave radio , and computer / Internet terminal . a FBI technician complete the electronics work and point out the " speed dial " function to novak and ramsey . FBI tech ( list they ) quantico . San Diego field Office . S.D. , L.A. , and San Francisco p.d. California , Arizona , nevada State Police . nine and ten be open line . ( be : radio set up ) direct link to the chopper . ( be : the computer ) that get you into the Bureau database . novak thanks . once he 's go , ramsey take this moment " alone " to question he partner . ramsey you sure you want to go through with this ? novak what else do we do ?! ramsey I do not know , Pete , but for god 's sake ... this be nut . do you really understand what they be go to do ? novak I do not have to . ramsey why jeopardize what we have already do ? we catch the sonofabitch . Carl stargher . that 's go to be like Bundy , gacy , dahmer . a case that make career . but if we push we luck . if this be all bullshit and we come out smell like it . novak tell you what . if this thing burn we , I take that heat . I give you permission to point you finger at I and say " it be all he idea . " ramsey ( offended ) that 's not what I be talk about , Pete . I be talk about waking up and realize this girl 's gonna die . the word be anathema to novak . novak that will not happen . cooperman appear in the doorway and inform they ... cooperman they be ready . ramsey look to he partner , but novak be already on cooperman 's heel . resignedly , ramsey follow . int . campbell CENTER - laboratory - day cooperman guide novak and ramsey into the lab . the FBI man be impressed , but neither be quite sure what to make it all . the FBI escort team leader get ramsey 's signature and novak undoe the cuff from stargher 's wrist and ankle . follow Miriam 's direction , the escort guide the gurney carry stargher into the procedure room . as cooperman show they out , Henry seal shut the door . Miriam assume responsibility for stargher 's care and check he pulse , iv , pupil dilation , and vital sign ... henry should not we get a catheter in he ? miriam they take care of that , thank you , Henry . ( get he out of she hair ) miriam ( cont 'd ) why do not you give we guest a little tour ? proud of he computer , but uncomfortable around stranger , Henry direct novak and ramsey to the console . henry gentlemen , you stand before the one and only neurological cartography and synaptic transfer system . although he 's listen , novak 's eye never really stray from he prisoner as Miriam use safety scissors to cut away stargher 's clothes . henry ( cont 'd ) it provide a highly detailed map of the human mind . not the brain - any mri can do that . the mind . ( self -impress ) it read and process electronically allow information to be transfer and interrupt . ( for the laymen ) let 's say you thought could be store on dvd . if someone have the right kind of player , they could watch and listen to what you be think . novak observe Miriam as she " undress " stargher and ramsey poke around the lab . henry ( cont 'd ) but we can not record or store the data . the connection between nerve cell be constantly be modify . Miriam need a moment to fully take in the scar . Henry continue , eager to focus attention back to he , but even he be fascinate by stargher 's skin . henry ( cont 'd ) it 's like the early day of television . the subject send out a live feed and you receive it during time of broadcast . whatever happen , happen . all you have to do be " tune in . " Miriam give stargher a alcohol bath , the clinical procedure take on the quality of ritual . her wash cloth move under stargher 's chin and over he face . she 's careful around the eye and find herself unable to look at they for long . henry ( cont 'd ) but you do more than tune in ... you become part of the snow . Catherine enter from a dress area wear the bodysuit . fill with curiosity , novak watch Miriam and Catherine fit stargher into he suit . novak I still do not understand why I can not do this ... this be not some " troubled kid " you be deal with . catherine I realize that ... novak how hard could it be ...? Catherine and Miriam try to hide they laughter . catherine the first ... what ? six or seven time I go in . remember what happen ? miriam disorientation , nausea , migraine , hallucination , insomnia , paranoia . catherine like a New Year 's Day hangover . miriam he need to be turn over . novak and Catherine roll stargher onto he stomach . novak this man be deeply disturb , he ... catherine you do not know the procedure . novak I know he . miriam that may be true , but you do not have Catherine 's gift . she ... ( distract by stargher 's back ) what happen here ? we see a series of EIGHT bandage . ramsey we remove eight metal ring . Miriam peel away a bandage and examine the flesh . catherine then he should like this . Catherine connect stargher to the suspension apparatus and it hoist he off the table . catherine ( cont 'd ) they be comfort by the feel of weightlessness . like float in water . Henry catch ramsey poke he nose near a third suit and apparatus in the dress area . henry do not touch that , please . ramsey sorry . Miriam prepare a series of chemical cartridge and load they into a container connect to the iv - like tube link to the suspension device . miriam ( intimate , quiet ) this be not you responsibility . remember that . do not let they use guilt as a tool . if you want to stop , say so . catherine I will be fine . miriam she say convincingly . Catherine focus on the procedure and make the necessary connection . reluctantly , Miriam retreat to the monitoring station . she " lock down " the procedure room and join Henry , novak , and ramsey at the console . novak ( eye on the chemical / drug monitor ) that 's the stuff ? henry about twelve year of research , right Miriam ? miriam do not remind I . ramsey what be it - be they - exactly ? that 's like ask she to explain the rule of cricket . miriam psychostimulant , serotonin , stabilizer , meprobamate , neurontin , lithium carbonate . and my baby . it duplicate and expands upon the effect of a chemical call oxytocin , force a break in the neuron connection that hold experience . so new experience can form . ramsey be utterly lose and just sort of nod , but novak be fascinate . Catherine press the bump on she hand . a red indicator light flash on . henry there 's a touch - sensitive microchip implant in she hand . if she become frighten , disorient , or simply want to end the session , she signal we to abort . Catherine press again and the red light shut off . miriam although none of what she experience be real , she can be trick into think it be . the mind be awfully gullible , so she need to monitor herself . Catherine and stargher be suspend from the ceiling . Henry type and the light dim to a more somber , tranquil level . various screen flicker to life , display the vital sign of both " feed " and receive . " Miriam initiate the injection program . miriam ( cont 'd ) Catherine ? I be about to start . if you want I to wait , or ... catherine no. no. in the procedure room , we see chemical mix with she blood , then feed the iv . at the console , as Henry type furiously at the computer keyboard , novak ask Miriam : novak you say she have a " gift . " overhear , Henry interrupt , point at a section of Catherine 's " mind map . " henry not a gift . a highly evolve area in she cerebral cortex , that 's all . a genetic fluke . miriam Catherine have a tremendous capacity for empathy . ( clarifies ) when we start , there be a number of test subject - other therapist - who act as " receiver . " all they do be observe and report . nothing more . but Catherine , she have the ability to feel what be happen . she understand . and the patient respond . Edward engage she in dialogue , take she place , show she thing . he know she care . a hopeful , solemn novak gaze through the window , watch Catherine 's body as it become parallel to stargher 's ... in the procedure room , Catherine take a deep breath and as the drug take effect , feel herself lose consciousness . she glance at stargher , a man who torture and kill woman , then look up as the cloth mask descend from the ceiling . miriam ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) intravenous administration complete . henry ( o.s. ) initiating connection . we follow fibrous wire run from Catherine 's mask to stargher 's . they blood mixing with chemical in the iv - like container . the computer system hum . henry ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) transfer begin 1100 hour , 34 minute , 12 second . Catherine 's eye focus on the mask . as it come closer , we see the lining be lace with thread - like wire and microchip form hyper-miniature circuit board . Catherine 's eye blink . the mask cover she face . Catherine 's eye shut . vision fade . darkness . a faint light . microscopic vein in the eyelid become wire connect to chip . and we be moving , into the circuitry . entrance one int . stargher' world the pattern of the electronics grow into something more organic , texture , concrete . evolving into a world . Black and shadow - fill , it resemble a labyrinthine complex of vertical wall with cubicle like room carve deep into its core . we journey into this bleak , grim place continue and we occasionally glimpse brief image of a boy 's baptism . intercut with this journey be section of cloudy blackness and fragment vision of catherine connect to the apparatus , face mask , descending into this world . there be a abrupt shift from still image to regular motion and we find ourselves glide over a tidepool fill with tiny fish and tadpole . at water 's edge , lie on rough , pebble -strewn ground , be a hand . Catherine 's hand . we sense movement , but she remain still . from the darkness come a dog . Black in color and featureless , it sniff Catherine , dismiss she , and meander into a cubicle opposite she , disappear from view . after a moment of odd quiet , a drop of blood hit the mask and we follow Catherine 's hand as it move to the cloth and remove it from she own face . in macroscopic super slow -motion , another blood droplet sail 64 into the air and come crash down , hit a red ant , catapult it onto what look like a tree , but be just a TWIG . as the insect scurries away , more drop pound the earth , splatter against " twig tree , " and explode into pool of stagnant water ... as we begin to realize that this miniature landscape be the world into which Catherine descend . she sit up , shiver , and breathes deeply , acclimate to she surroundings . the " floor " be cover with filth , ash , pebble , and insect . Water be present in many form , puddle , moisture , drip ceiling . eye focus , queasy , not fully " awake , " Catherine notice the crimson stain on the cloth mask and the blood droplet shower the air . she turn and find the source . the black dog stand in the opposite room next to a tub full of blood , shaking himself dry after he " bath . " satisfied , the animal stop and trot away . still adjust to this nightmarish realm , Catherine at first do not hear it , but then realize that somewhere , a child be crying . she look around , then through a crack in the " floor , " briefly catch sight of a boy beneath she , on a level lower than hers . as he disappear into corridor end in " nothing , " we pull back to show a massive landscape of block , cubicle , crawlspace , wall , stair , and ladder . lead everywhere and nowhere . Catherine spot the boy as he crawl into a specific " room . " shortly after , a light come on within the cubicle and she move to it . we feel as though we be look at a series of interlocked tenement room , some wall of which have be tear away to expose room within , room with no window or door . follow a path of fragile step , Catherine make she way to the lighted room and enter . int . stargher' world - lighted room a mottle horse stand with its head down , nose kissing the floor , allow the boy to caress its neck . this sweet animal be a incrongruous vision in this hellish world and Catherine approach with respect . catherine hello ? the frighten child retreat into a corner of the claustrophobic room , but the horse do not startle . surprisingly - to the boy - the horse take a affectionate step toward Catherine , invite she to take over . Catherine allow the mare to smell she , then vigorously scratch along the mane and shoulder , much to the horse 's delight . catherine ( cont 'd ) yeah , you like that , do not you ? she can see the boy hide in the corner , steal glance at she from the shadow . catherine ( cont 'd ) be you name Carl ? the boy - young stargher - be startle and intrigue by the question - how do she know that ?! - but say nothing . catherine ( cont 'd ) another little boy I know , he have a horse , too . the boy react to a unusual SOUND come from the ceiling . catherine ( cont 'd ) his name 's Edward . the boy , not the horse ... the boy take a few step toward she , out of the shadow , but he seem more concerned about something in the ceiling than " connect " with Catherine . very anxiously , he look at the wall behind Catherine and watch a old wind - up kitchen timer click down . catherine ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter , Carl ? again , a sharp SOUND from the ceiling . catherine ( cont 'd ) what 's wro---? Young stargher run at she and shove she hard ! Catherine fall back just as EIGHT sheet of glass drop from the ceiling ! like oversize razor blade , they slice the horse into four clean section . they separate and compact the quadrant until four glass - contain section of dissect horse stand within the room . Catherine scream , but the mare barely acknowledge what happen . betray no emotion , the boy run . the shake Catherine take a moment to collect herself , then give chase . int . stargher' world - the labyrinth Young stargher know he way around the landscape , but Catherine have difficulty simply keep he in sight . she run , climb and crawl . until she 's utterly lose and disorient . tire and have difficulty breathe , she drop to she knee and " cool down . " she hear a noise nearby , get to she foot , and find a gear mechanism connect to some kind of shutter door compose of a almost metallic- look glass . curious yet cautious , she examine the nearby wall , floor , and ceiling for any sign of " trap " akin to the glass blade . find none , she pull the mechanism and quickly step back . the shutter open and Catherine know there 's something alive in the tiny cubicle beyond . she retreat into shadow , hide . released from the chamber be a woman . as she move out of a darkness , we see victim one . ghostly pale and adorn in eerie fetish garb , she appear to " sense " the presence of a stranger , target Catherine in the shadow , and attack ! Catherine 's have enough and move to press the implant , but the victim be already there ! she brutally grab Catherine , throws she against the wall and smack she head against it . Catherine drop to the floor like a rag doll . victim one heft Catherine onto she shoulder and with great purpose , carry she deep into the labyrinth , toward the core . pass in and out of consciousness , between darkness and light , a daze Catherine be take on a " tour " of stargher 's world . pass mausoleum - like chamber fill with image of unspeakable horror and / or disturbing intensity . at one of the room , we think we see Young stargher silently observe ... sitting of stand in individual cubicle be stargher be other victims ( two through six ) , each woman resembling the grotesque porcelain doll glimpse in the cubbyhole in stargher 's basement . dress by a fetishistic sadist ( nine inch Nails meet the bride of dracula ) , they resemble bored housewive , barely acknowledge the new member of the " harem . " int . stargher' world - the core victim one drop Catherine in the center of the room and , job do , crawl away . groggy , feel sick , Catherine sit up . unbeknownst to she , she be sit at the base of a pedestal with she back to the kind of throne . and someone be there . in the dim pool of light above the pedestal , we see a man rise from the throne . the wall behind he be cover in blood red cloth , and as he descend , we realize it be a cape connect to EIGHT metal ring pierce through the flesh of he back . in a fluid motion , wave of red give way to harshly texture concrete as the man reach the floor . Catherine know he be there . unable to stop herself , she turn . and see the terrifying face of stargher . but no the same stargher . this be stargher king . stargher king ( primitive , guttural ) where you come from priddy thing ? in a split second , Catherine press the implant on she hand . int . campbell CENTER - conference room - day apparently capable of stay awake if properly caffeinate , novak sit cross -legge on the floor , shoe off , analyze recent photo and document send to he via courier . ignoring a snore ramsey napping on a nearby cot , novak look at blow - up from the video , blueprint of stargher 's house , detailed shot of the basement , and a draftsman 's conceptual draw of the cell itself . henry ( v.o . ) gentlemen ? novak look at a intercom speaker . henry ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) she 's back . novak do not wait for he just - stir partner and move . int . campbell CENTER - laboratory as he enter , novak see a concerned Henry check a print out of the procedure . novak what happen ? henry must have be rather unusual . noting novak 's confusion , Henry point to a central monitor resembling a futuristic v.u. meter , gradiate in section of white , yellow , orange , and red . henry ( cont 'd ) ( be : white / yellow area ) if she neural activity stay within this range , I know she 's self - cognitive . ( clarifies ) as if she be have a dream , but she know she 's dream . she can " wake up " any time she want to ... as ramsey join they , novak nod , understanding , but he eye be on Catherine , who 's just come back to consciousness . henry ( cont 'd ) ( be : orange section ) however , if she level of involvement be rather intense , as it be just now , she can perceive thing as true . it 's difficult to keep perspective . as novak linger on that question , ramsey gesture at the red section . ramsey what happen here ? henry we do not talk about that . novak what happen ? henry well , theoretically , while she 's inside . if she come to believe that stargher 's world be she world , she mind have the power to convince the body that anything do to it be , um , actually do . novak do not like the sound of that . henry ( cont 'd ) that 's why we monitor the use of the drug so closely . we do not want she get to that degree of perceptual disorientation . miriam Pump in two liter of pure oxygen , please Henry . Henry type a command and novak speak into the intercom . novak Dr. Kent ? in the procedure room , Miriam ease Catherine back to consciousness . miriam deep breath . when she see stargher , Catherine 's flesh crawl . catherine be it cold in here ? miriam what happen ? no response . miriam ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? incapable of be in the same room as he , Catherine tear out of the apparatus and anxiously exit . miriam ( cont 'd ) Catherine ! in the procedure room : novak I will get she ... int . campbell CENTER - day a worried novak search the hall of the Campbell Center . he 's about to ask the staff for help , but stop when he see through the window to Edward 's room . int . campbell CENTER - edward room Catherine sit next to the boy' bed , hold Edward 's hand , softly sing a lullaby ( to he , to herself ) . feeling that he must speak to she , novak intervene . novak Edward baine , I presume . ( to the catatonic child ) hi , ed. I be Pete . catherine do you think that 's funny ? novak no . not at all . from what I understand , he know I " m here , be not that right ? Catherine nod . novak pick up Edward 's fall teddy bear and rest it in the crook of the child 's arm . novak ( cont 'd ) I read about a woman in texas who be in a coma for seven year . every time she husband come to visit , she heart would beat faster . be not that something ? I do not know what name scientist have for something like that ... catherine it do not have much to do with science . novak what then ? catherine the soul . the spirit . whatever you want to call it . novak ah , the part of we that can not be explain . she appreciate he understanding . and find herself comfort by he presence . Catherine scrutinize novak , he intensity , he honesty , he complexity . and ask : catherine agent novak ? novak Peter , okay ? catherine do you feel there 's a side of yourself you do not show people ? the question catch novak off - guard , but he 's willing to answer . anything to get she talk . novak absolutely . ( realize it 's too personal ) I suppose everyone do . catherine just like we all have fantasy , right ? thing only we know , that we do not share . novak that 's what therapist be for , right ? Catherine laugh . it help she relax . if only slightly . catherine during the session . when I be inside . I see that thing . what a person hide , what they despite , what they want to control . with stargher ... this be difficult for she . catherine ( cont 'd ) with stargher I see thing ... novak what do you see ? catherine ( professionally ) a kingdom . his utopia . life without consequence or restriction . he 's not even Carl stargher anymore . he 's this ... idealize version of himself who can do anything he please ... without fear . a horrible primitive ugly thing . ( uncomfortable ; be : Edward ) I do not want to talk in here . she kiss Edward 's forehead and exit . int . campbell CENTER - conference room / courtyard - day Catherine and novak sit on a bench in the center of the courtyard . John Tracy be visible in the reception area , unable to sleep , desperately try to fight frustration . catherine why would you bring he here ? novak you be the shrink , you tell I . catherine ( already know ) as soon as I meet he , you know I would say yes . he make Julia real for I . novak nod . guilty . novak it 's a old lawyer trick . target the emotion . do it right , you get a reluctant witness to testify , a scared kid to confess . Catherine look at he with disbelief . " you ? ! " novak ( cont 'd ) before I be with the Bureau , I be a attorney , a prosecutor . Mr. Law and order . and then ... I have a murder case in North Carolina . Charles Gish . butcher seventeen people in three day . and because of one tiny piece of taint evidence , he walk . ( no regret ) that 's when I quit the da 's office and join the FBI . Catherine can see the pain and frustration in novak 's eye . she give he a moment and ask : catherine you think stargher want to be catch . novak I do , yeah . catherine you be right . there 's a part of he that know the truth . about what he do , about himself . novak 's curiosity be pique . novak what about Julia ? catherine this be go to sound terrible , but ... I do not think she matter anymore . not to he . he never finish she . the other ... he be able to make they he . novak you think you can do this , do not you ? catherine he might tell I about Julia . the part of he that want to help , that feel shame and remorse . who want to be redeeme . novak ( skeptically ) this be stargher we be talk about ? catherine not stargher , not really . he 's split himself right down the middle . good /evil , right / wrong , merciful / cruel . a monster . and a innocent child . if I could reach the boy . novak whoa. hold on . be not they the same guy ? catherine do not you feel there be different side to every personality ? maybe even the worst of we be capable of one decent act . we be all human . novak it 's hard for I to see stargher as human , capable of something like " remorse . " catherine then what be he ? novak evil . catherine if you believe that . novak maybe this be a big fuck waste of time . catherine ( sense something ) what happen to Charles Gish ? novak do not respond . she prod he . catherine ( cont 'd ) what happen ? novak what difference do it make ...? catherine tell I . God , he do not want to do this . novak right after the trial , the night after he be release . Mr. and Mrs. Frank simmon find Charlie sit in they live room watch tv with they twelve - year old daughter Margaret . he would cut she right down the middle with a carve knife . novak ( cont 'd ) found the girl 's heart in the freezer - he think they might want to keep it . ( grim humor ) luckily , the next thing he do be slit he own throat . ( bleakly ) I be convinced of one thing . Charles Gish could have be raise by ozzie and harriet and the same thing would have happen . he can see Catherine do not accept that . novak ( cont 'd ) a child can experience abuse worse than Charlie 's . and grow up to be someone who would never , ever hurt another live thing . catherine you be sure of that ? novak yes . I be . Catherine realize that be a confession . ramsey ( o.s. ) where the hell you be ? they turn to see ramsey . novak right here . ramsey next time , tell I , okay ? novak but you look so cute . all sleepy ... ramsey shoot he a murderous look , then ask Catherine . ramsey you colleague want to know what to do with stargher . novak look to Catherine for the answer . through the window blind , she watch John Tracy lower he head . catherine tell they to prep he . and that I will be right there . ramsey nod and head back to the lab . novak thank you . briefly , he touch she hand . Catherine look away from John to novak 's hand , to the photograph on the wall . stargher 's house , Valentine , the pick - up truck . Valentine ... catherine I need something . int . campbell CENTER - corridor - day a k-9 unit FBI agent escort valentine to the lab . int . campbell CENTER - laboratory - day as the agent bring the frighten animal into the monitoring area , Catherine and Valentine share a moment of " connection . " slowly , confidently , she approach the shepherd , kneel , and remove he leash and muzzle . she stroke he and the dog instantly warm up to she . FBI k-9 agent sure be not like that with I . novak sign a document and the k-9 agent exit . catherine you be a good boy , be not you , Valentine ? the dog pick up a scent from the procedure room and move it , Catherine and novak follow . in the procedure room , stargher lie face down on a gurney . now tape to the wall near stargher be picture from the basement - he doll , the hoist , etc . Miriam ( in surgical mask and glove ) carefully re-insert the metal ring ( take from a FBI evidence bag ) into the eight strap of flesh on he back . when he see this , Valentine whimper and hide . Catherine comfort he . Miriam finish she task and remove she mask . miriam I hate to admit it , but there 's something perversely satisfy about this . henry I think that 's the whole point . Valentine run to he " sleep " master and bark at Catherine as if ask for help . she encourage the animal to lick and sniff stargher 's face and hand . henry ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) that 's interesting . in the control room , he scrutinize the monitor show the detailed " map " of stargher 's brain . henry ( cont 'd ) increase neural activity in the frontal lobe . rising dopamine level in the basal ganglia . ever since the dog walk in . in the procedure room , Catherine ready herself in the " receive " apparatus . as stargher be lift off the pedestal , the door hiss shut and Valentine curl up on the floor beneath he master . as Catherine be lift , she smile at the animal , then look to stargher . novak ( comforting and coach she ) remember , Julia hickson be priority number one . nothing else matter . find out where she be . catherine okay , okay ... light flicker . Catherine 's eye shut . fade to black ... henry ( o.s. ) uh-oh ... light flicker . we hear a electrical hum rise and fall . Catherine open she eye and the light blink on and off in a weird pattern , make it difficult to see clearly . catherine do not kid around , Henry ... her suspension apparatus descend on the floor . henry ( o.s. ) I be not . it 's a power problem . I need you to go to the circuit breaker and check switch six through twelve . Catherine move toward the electrical panel . henry ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) try to stay awake , okay ? catherine yeah , yeah , yeah . I be not sleepy . as she move toward the panel , everything become larger . by the time Catherine reach the circuit breaker , it be the size of a garage door . curiouser and curiouser ... she turn around to see the laboratory be empty and dead quiet . and she see herself - Catherine as small as a mouse trap in a giant wall space . at the console , novak , Miriam and Henry observe the procedure room . and Catherine . suspend in the apparatus . motionless ... entrance two int . stargher' world Catherine turn to see ... Catherine lie in the fetal position , lock in a BOX make of thick clean glass . the electronic hum become rhythmic , ambient noise .. inside the BOX , stay calm , she search for and find a trap door on the floor . she push out . the camera execute a complete 180 - degree perspective change . Catherine plummet . she try to reach out , to stop she descent , but cannot . Catherine fall through a dark cavernous room resembling a mammoth hollow - out rib cage . below she be a dome - like structure " grow " out of the floor , a hole in the center of its crest . dozen of other such dome be visible in the murky hell - hole , but Catherine have no choice . she 's drop into this one . once she pass through the hole , inside the dome , Catherine 's body look as though it 's move through water , but there be no water . like a aerial artist , she reverse she position so she 's " head up . " stand , stable , on the floor . sense something with she . and know it be ... catherine Valentine ? out from the darkness , move in normal motion , come the white german shepherd , but in the thick haze , he face be indistinct and ghostly . catherine ( cont 'd ) hi sweetie ... and as she step toward he , he face dissolves into a stark landscape . a ear become a hill , the nose a stone , mouth a path , and the eye a house . young stargher retreat towards the bleak structure as catherine enter frame . see the invitation , she press on . int . stargher' world - boyhood home - kitchen Young stargher be at the sink washing dish , a anxious eye on the clock . catherine need some help ? as Catherine enter the claustrophobic house , the boy hesitantly push a towel toward she , but do not look . she reach the counter and start to dry , much to Young stargher 's relief . as he wash , Catherine hand he a mirror locket just like Edward 's . catherine ( cont 'd ) Carl , I want to give you a present . he 's hypnotize by the thing , he eye lighting up . catherine ( cont 'd ) if you need I , or if you feel that I be around but can not find I , just shine it , like this . she shine reflect light onto the wall . Carl hand Catherine the wet plate and take the locket . the dish slip from she finger and shatter on the floor . the boy 's eye fill with dread . the kitchen clock read 5:30 . he push Catherine toward a broom closet and shove she inside . catherine ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong honey ? with a finger to he lip , he pocket the locket and shut the door . from within the closet , she watch the terrify child through a crack in the door . in the kitchen , Young stargher desperately try to hide the break plate . startlingly , he father , Martin stargher , be already in the room . cruel , impose , manipulative man . martin what do you do know ? you make a mess ? I hate a mess . Young stargher back into a corner , fear what will come . martin ( cont 'd ) do not lie , now , Carl . in the closet , Catherine push , but the door will not budge . she pound . in the kitchen , we hear no sound . martin ( cont 'd ) remember what I say about liar ? liar will be punish . int . closet - continuous Catherine hear the child scream . but the scream come from behind and she spin around . int . stargher' world - live room Young stargher be force to sit on the lap of a ugly middle aged woman barely wear a man 's robe . on a nearby table be whisky , tumbler , and a ashtray fill with butt . woman I get you a present , cutie-pie . she give he a toy doll . drunk , she hug and kiss he . embarrass , the boy try to squirm away . woman ( cont 'd ) oh no . you be not go anywhere . Martin enter and sneer at the boy . martin go back to bed , worm . woman it 's okay , we be just . martin shut up , cunt . the woman cower , familiar with he violent mood . the boy hurry to he room , but Martin grab he by the collar . martin ( cont 'd ) what be that ? he pull the doll from the child 's hand , turn to the woman , and smack she across the face with it , gash she cheek . martin ( cont 'd ) you give he nothing . Whore . be you he mother ? be you ? terrify , she shake she head " no . " Martin see Young stargher quietly crawl away , hope to escape . Martin lift the boy off the floor with one hand and hold he in front of the woman . martin ( cont 'd ) you see that ? see it ? you slither out one of they . but where be she now , Carl ? as far from you as she could get , that 's where . ( shove he at the woman ) you want a mommy ? be that what you want ? the poor boy tremble with fear . and Martin notice a puddle of urine on the floor . he drop the boy and laugh . martin ( cont 'd ) Little worm piss he pants . humiliate , Carl cover himself and hide in a corner . Martin and the woman laugh and laugh , delight in the boy 's humiliation . int . closet feeling the boy 's shame , Catherine turn and find a fade postcard tape to the wall . int . stargher' world - bedroom Martin have discover he son 's secret hide place - a camouflage corner of the attic . arrange in deliberate , artistic fashion be scavenge doll . head , limb and torso hold together with twine , tape and wire . some wrap in filthy plastic . fade photograph ( include one of he mother ) , memento , and most disturbingly , the feather and bone of dead bird , insect carcass , and dissect , desiccate mouse . there 's something peculiarly beautiful here , but Martin do not see it . not at all . martin only girl play with doll ... he turn and we see Carl be bound to a wooden support beam , a piece of tape cover he mouth . the boy be stripped to the waste , barely conscious , face streak with tear and sweat . martin ( cont 'd ) what kind of thing be you ? int . closet a weird noise snap Catherine back to " reality . " she turn just as a door open behind she . responding to the " invitation , " she move through it . int . stargher' world - bathroom the adult Carl stargher sit at the edge of the tub , he back to we , smoking a cigarette . a white german shepherd puppy click across the tile floor and yip at Catherine . she again hear the weird noise . a stainless steel BOWL wobble as stargher 's bloody rubber - glove hand fill it with something . stargher know she 's there and be not surprised by she presence , but he 's not sure what to make of she . what to do with she . he rise and walk past she to the sink . he pull off the glove and wash he hand , glance at she in the mirror . Catherine can not resist look in the tub . she see a dead girl , she torso slice open . disgust and mortify , she pull back . stargher ( o.s. ) she be the first ... she turn , and stargher be no longer at the sink . stargher ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) do not know what I be do ... she turn , where 's this voice come from ?! she step back . stargher ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) be careful ... the bump into the stainless steel bowl and it topple to the floor , spilling its content of human organ . wobble -wobble wobble . the bowl make its now - familiar noise . stargher ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) what do you do now ? you make a mess ? and she can see he come out of the shadow . Catherine back into a corner , fear what will come . stargher ( cont 'd ) I hate a mess . stargher step into a pool of light , shoosh the puppy into the hall , shut the bathroom door , and look right at Catherine . stargher ( cont 'd ) why be you here ? God almighty , what do she say ? what do she tell he ?! stargher ( cont 'd ) do not lie , now ... scritch-scritch-scritch . the puppy scratch at the door and whimper , but stargher 's not about to let he back in . move slowly , carefully , he approach Catherine . stargher ( cont 'd ) liar will be punish . Catherine make a break for the door . " playfully , " stargher make a half - heart attempt to block she , but she evade he and reach for the knob . but the door 's not there . scritch scritch-scritch . she can still hear the dog , but there 's no damn door . she turn : no door . no window . the girl 's body and bloody remain have vanish . a overhead light flicker on , give the room the look and feel of the cell . stargher ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) where do you think you be go ? Catherine turn , back to the wall , calm and intimidating , stargher stand in the center regard she with great curiosity . Catherine 's ready to press the sensor . stargher ( cont 'd ) do not do that . she hesitates . stargher ( cont 'd ) if you go away , you will never find she . how do he know ? stargher ( cont 'd ) if you never find she , she die . like the rest . Catherine stop and listen . she can not leave now . the path to Julia have appear . stargher ( cont 'd ) I mean , that 's why you be here , right ? why you come to my happy little home ? he reach for she and she flinch . expecting such behavior , stargher grin . stargher ( cont 'd ) you be pretty . a pretty , pretty thing . Catherine can not show she fear , not now . she compose herself and approach he . catherine I want to help you , Carl . his grin broaden to a smile and he almost laugh . stargher help I ? that 's good . that 's a good one . ( malevolent ) liar . Whore . cunt . Catherine stand she ground . catherine you sound like you father . he get close to she face and sneer . stargher I be not like he . stargher retreat into the shadow , but Catherine persist . catherine then help I . where be Julia hickson ? stargher why ? catherine maybe , because you want to . stargher be that right ? you think you know I ? int . campbell CENTER - laboratory - day Henry see a rapid rise in Catherine 's warning meter . henry Miriam ... int . stargher' world - bathroom a wave of fear , of impending doom , overtake Catherine . stargher ( o.s. ) you wanna know who I be ? you stupid bitch ! and when he emerge from shadow , stargher be stargher king . stargher king now shud you mouth , priddy thing , or I god slice you from the kunt to the tit . Catherine move to touch the sensor in she hand . he grab , lift and slam she onto the floor , the back of she head hitting hard . her vision blur . ear be ringing . stargher king ( cont 'd ) I god want you stay . stargher King straddle Catherine and pin she arm behind she back . she 's unable to touch the sensor . with the tip of the tool he trace a line from she pelvis up the center of she suit . stargher king ( cont 'd ) I god mek you beaudiful ... he shove the tool through she neck and press the trigger . a collar clamp shut around Catherine 's neck and ... she black out . int . campbell CENTER - laboratory a sensor alarm sound on the computer . Henry and Miriam express shock at the sight of the monitor peak in the red and move to the " map " of Catherine 's mind . as it become " cool , " stargher 's become " hot . " miriam Son of a bitch ! in the procedure room , valentine bark ! startle everyone . the dog growls and back away . as if he sense something horribly wrong within he master . in the control room , novak question the scientist . novak when we get here , you just top and pull she out . miriam that be with Edward . she 's accustom to he world . stargher 's mind be unfamiliar territory . she 's " lose . " ( look at the third suit ) someone have to go in . remind she what 's really happen . and get she out . until then , she 's at he mercy . mercy . novak 's mind reel . novak into stargher . Inside ... miriam yes . novak know who that person will be . int . cell - day fueling herself with candy and juice , Julia examine the cell for a way out , but find tight seal everywhere . the shower erupt with water ! she count until thirty , it stop . shiver , Julia star at the drain as the water spiral down . julia ( try to remember the word ) we Father , who art in heaven , hallow be thy name . thy kingdom come , thy will be do . on the other side of the glass , we watch she through one - way glass from the video camera 's point- of-view . she look right at " we , " in the mirror , sadden by the dark circle under she bloodshot eye . julia ( cont 'd ) ...on Earth as it be in Heaven . we drift to the right and see the l.e.d. counter clicking away . 01:44:54 , 01:44:53 , 01:44:52 ... less than two hour to live and she have no idea . int . campbell CENTER - laboratory in the procedure room , novak lie in a hastily - rig third apparatus / suspension device . Miriam connect he to the iv cylinder and tube . miriam I have do this , you know . be inside . novak no . Miriam nod , know he will not accept a oppose argument . miriam ( instruct he ) deep breath . in the observation room , Henry adjust monitor show novak 's vital sign . henry pulse be rapid , pressure 's a little high ... in the procedure room , Miriam ask : miriam nervous ? novak absolutely . she load a microchip sensor into a high - pressure injection gun and implant it in novak 's hand . he wince from the brief pain as she load the chemical cartridge . miriam I have to ask you some thing ... be you take any prescription drug ? novak prevacid . for my stomach . miriam any psychiatric medication ? novak no . miriam what about narcotic ? novak no . miriam I know you partner 's here , but it 's very important that you be honest . novak I be . I be a pretty boring guy . miriam I doubt that . Henry check the " map , " Catherine 's vital and report . henry we should hurry . Miriam walk novak through what 's about to happen . miriam the first five minute will be disorient . give yourself time . let the drug do the work . if you can see , smell , feel , hear , taste thing - you be on the right track . once you have acclimate , try to get a feel for Catherine . instinct play a huge role in this . trust it . she give he a supportive touch on the shoulder , exit and shut the door . in the observation room , Miriam continue via intercom . miriam ( cont 'd ) you can control how you see yourself - clothes , shoe , that kind of thing - but the rest of it be up to he . use only what he provide . do not try to change anything . or introduce something of you own . it will only upset he . in the procedure room , novak flexe he finger and see the little bump beneath he flesh . henry ( o.s. ) agent novak ? Press the sensor . novak do and the red light come on . as novak be lifted , he look at Catherine , then stargher . Valentine yip and settles beneath novak . the suspension device click into place and the mask descend . miriam ( o.s. ) no matter what happen , Peter , remember one thing : it 's not real . novak 's eye fix on the clear liquid contain in the iv - like cylinder . a liquid cloud of he blood grow within . prepare the mixture for injection . the viscosity of the fluid start to thicken and the camera move into the mixture . as blood and chemical swirl take shape , we move fast . deeper into the fluid at a molecular level . we feel like we be soaring over some kind of liquid landscape . novak hyperventilate . he 's have difficulty make the 98 transition . Flying faster , faster , faster . through a entire universe . novak be in the procedure room . alone . his face contort as if feel the effect of tremendous g-force . entrance three int . stargher' world cloud hover above a dark , gloomy landscape dot with hill . three identical women sit on black earth , they body position in a uniform pattern . pull back to reveal novak at they foot , in a kneel fetal position , face down in the gritty soil , a piece of cloth drape over he head . with difficulty , practically inhale black grit , novak breathes deeply and rise to he knee . his hand move to he face and he 's briefly astound by the texture of the gravel , the sharpness of it against he face . removing the shroud-like cloth , he look at the soil , smell it , taste it . mother one ( o.s. ) have you see he ? novak find the first of the three - vision of stargher be mother - address he . she , like the other two , speak in a ghostly monotone , nearly devoid of emotion . mother one ( cont 'd ) my boy , my little one . his father take he from I . have you see he ? as she continue , almost mantra-like , woman two begins : mother two ( similar monotone ) my child be a abomination . he be damned . he have no soul . the woman 's repetitive " monologue " overlap . aurual layer now add by three . mother three I god I boy . I god good son . novak take a moment to absorb he surroundings . the sight , sound and feel of the place . like be within a dream . as he back away from the odd quartet , shimmering light dance across he face . shade he eye . novak search for the source . opposite he , across the valley , be a sheer rock wall . a massive cliff face pockmark with rough " window . " like a star , the light sparkles inside one of they , a fragment of mirror reflect a beam away from novak 's face to a path cut across the valley floor to the base of the wall . the light guide he , novak follow the path and start to climb , find stair or ladder , pass deep , seemingly infinite passage . like tomb , or the " drawer " of a mausoleum . deep within one of they , the light flicker . fade . and novak crawl into darkness . int . stargher' world - the den novak emerge in a cavernous room drip with decadence . the place reek of sex , pain , lust , and cruelty . as he move deeper into the chamber , novak see young stargher perch atop some kind of pedestal , crouching , finger he mirror locket , bounce sparkles of light into the dark corner of the room the flickering light pinpoint a figure emerge from the darkness . it be Catherine . altere to a image of stargher 's victim . her skin , face , clothing , eye , be just like the victim ' . it 's a shocking , strange image , make even more disturbing by the look of pleasure on she face . novak be staggered by the sight . his vision and hearing become affect by blurred vision , sharp sound - then focus to clarity as he remind himself ... novak not real ... like a ethereal queen of the damned , she stride toward he , narrowing she eye . novak ( cont 'd ) Catherine . she exhibit no recognition of she name . Catherine seductively move closer to novak , they body almost touch , she hand caress he hair , lip , neck ... novak ( cont 'd ) jesus. Catherine . listen to I ... she press she finger to he lip and force he down , onto the floor , he back to the pedestal . Catherine straddle novak , and when he try to stand , she hold he down , force he to stay . novak ( cont 'd ) listen to I ! she steal a glance over he shoulder and glimpsis a male figure come toward they , come into the light . novak be utterly unaware of what 's happen . Catherine be keep he occupy . wait for the arrival of ... stargher king Catherine laugh . novak catch only a fleeting glimpse of the monster before stargher King grab he by the throat and smashes he head against a pedestal . blackout . int . stargher' world - the den eyelid rise and flutter . novak become conscious . and instantly realize what 's happen . he lie on the pedestal , face up , spread -eagle , he wrist and ankle bound to the cold stone surface with leathery cord . stand over he , in a pool of light , be stargher King . wearing what could be see as ceremonial garb , a silent , solemn stargher King prepare himself for execution of a ritual by polish and arrange a assortment of shiny , sharp , macabre tool . novak shut he eye and silently tell himself , not real . he open they , breathes deeply and focus on Catherine . novak you be Catherine Young . you majore in psych at uc San Diego . you work for sunerset industry . stargher King 's finger pass over a array of horrific instrument - the throat piercer / collar mechanism , a cleaver knife , a misshapen hammer , a long slender needle ... novak ( cont 'd ) you grandmother raise you after you parent die in a car crash ... stargher King lift the blade- like needle . so far , Catherine look at novak like he 's speak gibberish . novak ( cont 'd ) when you be twenty - one , you be arrest for possession and get off with community service . stargher King slice through novak 's clothes , expose the flesh of he abdomen . novak ( cont 'd ) ( remind himself ) not real , Pete ... this be not real ... ( urgency ) you have to work at a center for abuse kid for three month . you stay on two year for no pay . you give half you fuck salary to the nursing home you grandmother stay at ... stargher King grab he throat and trace the blade down the center of novak 's torso . novak struggle and plead with Catherine . novak ( cont 'd ) I know this because I work for the FBI . Peter novak , remember ?!?! ( a desperate request ) remember . you be cath - stargher King cut he flesh and insert the needle into he stomach . novak scream ! this fuck hurt ! novak ( cont 'd ) help I !!! stargher King wiggle the needle , pull it out , and dig he finger into the wound . novak cry in pain . novak ( cont 'd ) ( tear form , horrify ) Fucking feel real ! the intensity of novak 's cry hit Catherine like a thunderbolt . there 's a glimmer of life , of recognition in she eye . stargher king ( finally speak ) I god gut you like a dear . although we do not see it , we hear something awful . like stargher King fishing around inside the wound . a pale , sweat novak try to stay conscious . he will not go into shock ... novak not real . not real . not real . a female hand grab the tool from the tray . stargher king ( mimick novak , laugh ) nod reel , nod reel , nod reel ... stargher king be slammed from behind ! catherine ram the thing through he throat ! as stargher King stumble away gag , blood pour form he neck , we see that she have return to normal . the " bride " persona be go . as stargher King emit animalistic growl , Catherine turn and see a intact novak stand next to she . as if nothing have happen . Catherine and novak run out of the de , into the tunnel from which novak gain access . he stop , ready to press the sensor , when a flicker of light dance across Catherine 's face . catherine wait ... novak like hell " wait . " but she will not listen and he 's force to play catch up as she move further from the de toward the cliff face . the flicker of light shine on the entrance to a specific tunnel . catherine he want we to follow . the little boy ... novak Little boy ?! that 's he ! catherine he bring you to I , do not he ? if you want Julia to live , trust I . trust he . int . tunnel / cubbyhole on she hand and knee , she enter the tunnel , not wait for he to respond . she know what he will do ... Catherine and novak crawl through the dark , grimy claustrophobic space , play with he mirror locket . catherine Carl ... he so desperately want she affection , but fear prevent he from reach out to she . catherine ( cont 'd ) this be Peter . scare , he shake he head " no . " catherine ( cont 'd ) do not be scared . you be my friend and I would never hurt you . she extend she hand . oh- so-hesitantly he take it . catherine ( cont 'd ) will you take we to she ? to Julia ? shyly , hesitantly , he nod . she smile gratefully and affectionately touch the boy 's face . clasp she hand , Young stargher lead Catherine and novak into utter darkness . int . stargher' world - the idealized cell more stylize than the actual cell , it 's bigger and ornately decorate , with the atmosphere of a church . individual image hang like shrine , each show Julia hickson from different angle . Central to the room be a window into the cell itself . where we find a beautiful , mermaid - like julia hickson float in water . peaceful , joyous . in the CENTER of the room , we find novak and Catherine , she hold the hand of Young stargher , he stunne at the sight of Julia . the child look at Catherine with beatific , sad eye , regard she as one would a saviour . novak where the hell be we ? catherine Carl , do you know ? like on a map ... he shake he head and bury he face in she shoulder . catherine ( cont 'd ) it 's okay , it 's okay . you help so much already . I be proud of you . as a frustrated novak search for anything identify , Catherine comfort the boy and look deeply into he sad , haunt eye . catherine ( cont 'd ) Carl , I think I can help you . would you like that ? even if Peter can not find Julia , I want to help you . the boy lean against she and she caress he face . catherine ( cont 'd ) I promise . novak find himself stand in front of the idealize cell . mounted beneath the glass be a shiny , perfect metal plaque read carver industrial equipment , with a logo . novak recognize it from the hoist in stargher 's basement . novak let 's go . he pull she to she foot . feeling betrayed and reject , the child break away from she . the roar of stargher king shake the cell . terrify , the boy search for a place to hide . catherine carl ! novak feel what 's come . novak come on ! catherine I can not leave he ! stargher king appear ! his throat wounded , bloody mess , he descend out of dark nothingness , howling with rage . he reach for Catherine , but Young stargher run in front of she . stargher king clamp he massive arm around the child ! Little Carl open he mouth in a silent scream ... Catherine 's arm reach out to he , but novak clasp she hand and press . and she be haunt by the sight of a frighten child in the arm of a monster ... int . campbell CENTER - laboratory Henry notice significant activity on the monitor . henry they be back . everything happen fast . he and Miriam frantically cease the procedure . novak and Catherine be lower and novak startles they by quickly regain consciousness . Miriam attempt to inject he with stabilize drug , but he 's already try to tear himself out of the apparatus . novak get I out ! Miriam move into the procedure room . novak ( cont 'd ) get I out ! Miriam try to follow protocol , but novak be move like a fish catch in a net , rip and tear he way out of the apparatus and suit . he get to he foot , but soon fall to he knee , dizzy and disorient . miriam do not move ! novak be not listen . Fighting off any after-effect - both physical and mental - he move for the door . miriam ( cont 'd ) agent novak ! Catherine be come back and Miriam move to she . novak pause just for a moment . novak be she alright ? miriam yes . but you be go to sit down right now . I have to ... novak be already go . int . campbell CENTER - conference room novak speed -dial a number on speaker - phone , hurriedly dress , and locate a photograph of stargher 's basement . when he hear someone pick up the line , he bark : novak this be novak , who have I get ? a confuse ramsey enter and listen . int . stargher house - basement a team of FBI agent be meticulously go through every inch of stargher 's house . crisscross wooden beam have be laid across the pit allow forensics expert to search without disturbing anything . on the other end of the direct line be cole ... cole agent Cole . ( intercut with novak and ramsey ) novak I need you to find something in the basement ... cole already there . novak that hoist , with the winch ... we follow Cole as he move to the machine . novak ( cont 'd ) there 's some kind of plaque , a metal plate , with a logo . on the base . Cole locate it . cole ( read ) carver industrial equipment . int . campbell CENTER - conference room novak instruct he ... novak find out the history of that machine . who buy it , use it , sell it . and check stargher 's pay stub . I want to know every contractor he work for . I be call you from the chopper in ten minute . dizziness and disorientation again hit novak . pale and sweat , he wince as he stomach agonizingly cramp . ramsey Jesus Christ , man , you look like hell . novak consider where I have be ... Fighting the pain , he gather together map , slip on he shoe and grab gun and holster . ramsey be apoplectic . ramsey whoa -whoa-whoa . mind tell I what the fuck be happen ? novak point to the photo of stargher 's basement , specifically the hoist . ramsey ( cont 'd ) you be bettin ' the farm on something you see after they pump you full of god know - what kind of shit ? novak I see she . Julia . alive . I see everything . ramsey you might have see Jimmy hoffa dance with timothy leary . I do not care . novak be not stop ... int . campbell CENTER - laboratory in the procedure room , Miriam shine the penlight into Catherine 's eye . catherine ...a pocketful of rye . miriam four and twenty blackbird ... catherine bake in a pie . at the console , on a security monitor , Henry can see novak and ramsey exite down the corridor . henry the FBI have leave the building . in the procedure room , Miriam appear concerned . miriam damn he . catherine what 's wrong ? miriam agent novak . I do not get a chance to clear he . Catherine encourage she . catherine go. I be fine . go. as Miriam hurry to catch novak , she tell Henry . miriam keep a eye on she . he nod , but be not really pay attention . Catherine turn to stargher 's motionless form , still suspend , still connect to the machinery . int . the cell - day julia do something , Julia . she look around the room and run she hand along the wall , the tile , look for a weak spot . she focus on the ceiling panel and although it 's painful because of swollen finger , remove she engagement ring . ext . campbell CENTER a ready - and-wait helicopter be on the pad . novak race out of the Center , ramsey right behind he , shout at each other in order to hear above the chopper noise . ramsey Pete , listen to I . what do you really learn in there ? anything new ? you really think stargher give you a save the - day clue ? what if this be all some kind of trick you head be play on you ? he will not consider that . novak climb into the helicopter and buckle himself in . he look to ramsey - you come ? - ramsey pat the side of the chopper and signal for the pilot to take off . int . campbell CENTER - laboratory Henry analyze voluminous print-out from the last procedure . although he eye be on the data , he converse with Catherine in the procedure room via intercom . henry ... there be a moment when we think we would lose agent novak as well . we see chemical flow and computer program initiate the procedure , but Henry be oblivious . henry ( cont 'd ) his post - procedure consciousness recovery be remarkably quick . never see that before . hey , remember that one time ... he jump when the door to the procedure room seal shut and mechanism hum . henry ( cont 'd ) Catherine ? when he look through the window , Catherine be again suspend , the procedure under way . henry ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? he type in a command , but nothing happen . he tire again . on another keyboard , but get no response . when he look at the " map " screen , he see something odd . it 's a small change , but it make all the difference in the world . int . the cell - day like a rock climber in a crevasse , Julia shimmy up the wall of the cell by brace herself in a corner and use she hand and foot to push up . the tile be slippery and each movement precarious . she use strength and balance to reach a position just below the plexiglass , the fluorescent light bathing she in a eerie intense glow . she see a gap between the glass and the wall and use she engagement ring to dig into it , scape , scrape , scraping with the diamond . the shower sprays water ! Julia nearly lose she balance , but manage to stay press into the corner . she kick the shower head , send the spray as far from she as possible , and continue to dig at the caulk around the light fixture . in the observation room , we see something unexpected . the clock read 00:00:00 . that water be not go to stop . int . campbell CENTER - edward room Miriam and ramsey return to the lab to find Henry anxiously observe from the console . henry ( flustered ) she change the code . miriam what 's wrong ? henry it would take hour to re-route the system , and even if I do , I should not . ramsey what be you talk about ? Miriam analyze the situation and regretfully , angrily , worriedly realize what 's happen . miriam she 's do it . stupid , stupid girl ... ramsey done what ? henry instead of go into he mind ... miriam she 's bring stargher into hers . entrance four int . catherine's world a bright , deliriously colorful realm visually reflective of thing we see in Catherine 's home . unusual tree , rock formation , totem , statue , and a brilliant pool of water . the pond ripple . visible through the crystal - clear water be young stargher , rise to the surface like a drown victim suddenly break through to air . panicked , he scramble to shore and pull himself to land . although the place be comforting and beautiful , he 's in strange territory and it frighten he . shiver , he hunch down , eye darting this way and that . catherine ( o.s. ) you be all right , Carl . the boy turn toward the voice and find catherine , she hair wave in the wind , skin glow , eye bright , cut a magnificent figure in clothes that make she a warrior goddess . she open she arm and the boy run to she , bask in the comfort of she embrace . he shiver and she hold he tightly . catherine ( cont 'd ) it 's okay , honey , you be with I now . you be safe here . she look deeply into he eye and reassuringly explain . catherine ( cont 'd ) I promise I would help you , and I always keep my promise . young stargher can ... Catherine be astonished and relieve to hear he speak . a sad , tremble little voice . young stargher ( cont 'd ) can I stay here ? she be touch that he would ask and stroke he face . catherine ( regretfully ) oh ...no , honey , I be sorry . it 's do not work that way . the boy break away from she , turn he back . she gently take he hand but he yank it free . catherine ( cont 'd ) but what if I tell you you could come visit ? he slowly turn to she . catherine ( cont 'd ) I will make sure it happen , Carl . I will get they to let I do it . and maybe ... maybe we can ... Young stargher 's eye open wide with silent terror . over he shoulder , she see a snake slither through the pool . centipede crawl over she leg and hair . she stand and brushes they off . the atmosphere grow darker and ominous . young stargher he find I ... Catherine bristle as stargher king rise from the pool like a human serpent . the brilliant color of Catherine 's world fade to grim tone . young stargher ( cont 'd ) he always find I . stargher King screech with anger and confusion . stargher king where thiiss att ?!?! I god no like id here ... he snarl when he see Catherine . stargher king ( cont 'd ) you. priddy bish-hor-kund . you big trubble- mekker ... ( sneer at the boy ) and you . you cumm home now , liddle cogsugger worm . or I god haffa punish you ... Young stargher tighten he embrace of Catherine . she step back , away from the pond , hugging the boy tightly . catherine no .! stargher king no ?!??!?!?!? stargher King laugh . stargher king ( cont 'd ) hoo you thing you be ?? himm muther ? he come close and reach for the boy ... stargher king ( cont 'd ) you gimme liddle worm . for a moment , Catherine appear frighten and intimidate . perhaps near a emotional breakdown . but that be not the case . she quietly lower little Carl to the ground and whisper something in he ear . as the boy nod , run and hide , a ferocity grow within she . catherine I say no . like a vengeful valkyrie , she emit what can only be call a battle cry ! stargher attack ! arm reach for she . Catherine block , punch , and kick . stargher King double over . Catherine grab he ear and pull he face into she bent knee , break he nose . catherine ( cont 'd ) welcome to my world . as blood flow from he nostril , stargher King grin ... stargher king you funny . you thing you stop I god ? he charge . at the right moment , Catherine sidestep and smashes he in the rib as he pass . stargher King crumple to the ground and she kick a uppercut to this chin . rising from the mud and muck , stargher King land a powerful blow to she head , send she fly . he lift the stunne Catherine with one hand and pull she face to he ... stargher king ( cont 'd ) you cum back wif I god . you be good bish-hor-kund ... Catherine look into he soulless eye . then spit in they and bite he face ! she break free as he yowls with pain . he step toward she , but he foot do not move . the earth itself appear to wrap around they and turn hard , like concrete . stargher King howl with frustration . catherine my world ... a shimmering knife seem to enrage from within she forearm , out the flesh and into she hand . catherine ( cont 'd ) my rule . she slashes across he chest , draw blood . young stargher ( o.s. ) no ! Catherine stop . and turn to see the distraught Young stargher . young stargher ( cont 'd ) do not hurt he ! she spin around and see not stargher King , but martin . young stargher ( cont 'd ) he do not mean it . I be bad . disturb by the transformation , Catherine back away . her vision blur , the sound distort . and the earth crack around stargher King 's ankle . young stargher ( cont 'd ) he teach I a lesson . I deserve it . Fighting feeling of disorientation , she kneel before the child and rest the knife on the ground . catherine no one deserve it , Carl . no one . she reach out to he , but the child be jerked into the air by stargher King . in one hand , the monster hold little Carl . in the other - a knife . his face and chest red with crimson , stargher King fix he eye on Catherine with a predator 's stare . stargher king yer world . my knife . stargher King raise the blade toward the boy 's throat and - SNAP ! the strong arm of a adult stargher break he arm at the elbow . both the knife and boy be drop to the ground as stargher King yowls like a stick pig , the good arm cradling the other . stargher king ( cont 'd ) I god hurt ! why you do that ? why ?! stargher enough . stargher King regards he with disgust . stargher king enuff ?!?! martin stargher' voice come from the belly of the beast . stargher I will tell you what 's enough ... stargher and stargher King square off . the boy stand between they with the knife at he foot . catherine Carl ! stargher king ( still speak as Martin ) shut up cunt . ( to the boy ) give it here , worm ... the child pick up the blade and stand between they , look to Catherine for guidance . stargher king ( cont 'd ) ( as Martin ) you want a mommy ? be that what you want ? in a almost dream - like motion , the child hand the blade to adult stargher . stargher enough . and he drive the thing into stargher King 's heart . for a brief moment , Martin 's face be superimpose over stargher King 's . stun , he slump and regards adult stargher with sad , troubled eye . martin ( as stargher King ) why ? what would I do ?... stargher twist the handle of the blade and Martin / stargher King drop dead . Dead . Young stargher smile and hug Catherine . young stargher time to go ' way . catherine Carl ...? the boy run to adult stargher who lift the child into he arm and hold he close . young stargher bye . she look to adult stargher and begin to understand . he descend into the pool , the boy rest he head on he shoulder . stargher king thank you , Catherine . you do help I . more than you will ever know . man and boy disappear beneath the water 's surface . Catherine stand and see that stargher King 's body have vanish . she walk to the shore and see , deep underwater , stargher and little Carl float lifelessly like woman in the cell . and fade from view . catherine Goodbye Carl . she press the sensor in she hand . int . campbell CENTER - laboratory in the control room , Miriam be shocked by what she see on the monitor and look at stargher . miriam he 's in full arrest . Catherine quietly return to consciousness and be automatically lower . she pull the mask from she face , rise and open the door . Miriam race inside and desperately attempt to revive stargher . but it 's no use . angry and stunne , she demand of Catherine . miriam ( cont 'd ) help I ! but Catherine choose not to . she know Carl stargher will never return to the world of the live . int . helicopter - day the chopper roar across the sky . as they head northeast , away from the urban and toward the rural , novak gaze out the window , try to stay focus , fight any after-effect of the drug . the pilot communicate via headset . pilot agent novak ? go ahead . novak Cole ? ext . stargher' house - continuous Cole and a handful of other agent pour into wait suburban . ( intercut with novak in helicopter ) . cole the hoist be manufacture by carver industrial equipment in 1982 . serial number 117-337j . purchase by a boat shop in Lake havasu , but sell to lattimer 's industrial supply in 1992 ... int . the cell - day the water be near the ceiling . kick she leg to keep afloat , Julia dig with the ring and we see she have create a gap between the light fixture housing and a unused pipe lead to the surface . she push , but can not get anything to move . the open will get no bigger . Julia suck the last bit of oxygen and swim to the bottom of the cell . search for something , she find a juice box and pull out the drink straw . int . campbell CENTER - laboratory shaken , but oddly transcendent , Catherine watch as stargher 's body be wheeled out of the lab on a gurney . she comfort a whimper Valentine and tell he ... catherine everything 's alright now , Valentine . I promise . int . helicopter novak scan the topography of farm below , listen to a new report . int . suburban - day Cole be the passenger , on the radio to novak , a driver next to he , do about a hundred down the interstate , siren blaring . cole lattimer sell the hoist to a guy name bainbridge who tired to build a machine work out near delano . bainbridge end up in bankruptcy court and the state wind up with the land - it 's just sit there . intercut with novak novak delano ? cole yep . and guess who they hire to seal up the place ? novak you be kid I . cole I never kid . my wife hate it . say I be too serious . novak locate delano on the map . novak the exact location , Cole . give it to I . the pilot grin and push the copper to top speed . int . the cell - day Julia be entirely underwater but alive . she use the straw to suck oxygen through the gap in the ceiling , but it 's difficult to tread water and she lung be aching . int . helicopter novak use binocular to scan farmland . he search . and there it be : the abandon farmhouse ! novak take it down ! int . the cell - day Julia try to hold herself up by press she arm and leg against the wall , but as she do , the straw slip from she mouth . she reach for it , but only succeed in push it away from she . it head for the drain . and disappear . ext . abandoned farm house the helicopter land and novak jump out . he know this be the place . he run into the barn , but there 's nothing , no sign of she . the pilot look at he with a true sense of loss . int . the cell - continuous as Julia desperately tire to find the straw through the tiny hole of the drain , we see for the first time a expression which tell we she 's give up . thump - thump-thump . the cell start to vibrate . a repetitive noise whup - whup - whup - come from above . she swim to the top of the cell and pound at the ceiling . ext . abandoned farm house Fighting exhaustion and the side effect of the drug , novak push on . think , Peter , think ... his eye find the water tank and he shout at the helicopter . novak cut the engine ! as the motor die , novak listen and listen . there it be . Water pipe beneath he foot . and very faintly , a pound . he follow the sound , search the earth . it 's clearer now , louder . novak toss aside rusted junk and the pilot run to assist he . together , they expose the entrance to the underground sanctuary . int . the cell - observation room novak drop to the floor below . instantly affect by the similarity and the difference to the idealize cell of stargher 's mind , he feel another wave of dizziness , but push on . and be hit hard by the sight of drowned julia , she motionless body float past he . her eye OPEN and bubbles drift from she nose and mouth . novak bang on the plexiglas and call to she . novak julia ! the thick plexiglass still remain , but she now can see he . novak pull he id badge and smack it against the glass . novak ( cont 'd ) move aside ! he pull he gun and take aim . Julia swim to the top of the cell and press herself against the ceiling . bang - bang bang -bang-bang -bang . novak fire a circle of shot into the thick plastic . Water slowly leak , but the damn thing be still solid . he lift the industrial vcr and ram it at the bullet - damage section . crack ! crash ! water pour from the cell . Julia 's body descend on the torrent of water . novak reach inside and pull she to safety . he 's just about to give she cpr when she cough , sputter , and thirstily drink in oxygen . holding she tightly , novak sink to the floor , the water from the cell spilling everywhere . ext . abandoned farm house Cole 's suburban lead a contingent of FBI vehicle and local police car onto the property , siren blaring . int . the cell - day hear the siren , novak relax . for the first time in god know how long , he relax . and hold Julia hickson as if he life depend on it . fade out . fade in : ext . catherine's house - day two car park outside . a old , quirky volvo and a land Rover . int . catherine's house - day as a television play the wizard of oz , we find Catherine watch the movie from the couch , sit up , drink a cup of tea . she look rest and quite cute in gym short and a T-shirt , she cat sleep next to she . in the kitchen , Miriam pack up she stethoscope and blood pressure monitor , move into the live room as dorothy fall asleep in a field of poppy ... miriam I leave the nutritional information on the fridge door . read it . Catherine nod , but she 's more interested in the movie . Miriam deposit prescription bottle onto a side table . miriam ( cont 'd ) I refill the Zyprexa and atavan ... catherine I do not need they anymore ... miriam I know . but she leave they just the same . miriam ( cont 'd ) I will come by tomorrow after work . with dinner . catherine thanks Miriam . say hi to Henry and ... miriam ... give a kiss to Edward . catherine ( overlap ) give a kiss to Edward . the woman exchange smile and Miriam exit . ext . catherine's house as Miriam walk to she land Rover , she see a government issue suburban park on the street and Peter novak exit . miriam agent novak . novak Dr. Kent . miriam you be look well . novak thanks you . six week off do a body good . ( conspiratorially ) I hear she get the approval to try the reversal with Edward . miriam that 's a secret . novak Federal Bureau of investigation , mar 'am . we know all , see all ... novak open the rear compartment of the suburban and we hear something move inside . novak ( cont 'd ) how 's the patient . miriam await he arrival . novak what about the cat ? miriam completely unaware . Miriam 's pager beeps and she hurry to she car . miriam ( cont 'd ) I have get to go . good luck . novak smile , wave goodbye , and reach into the suburban . int . catherine's house as dorothy and she companion confront the wizard , there 's a knock at the screen door and Catherine see novak wait . novak ready ? Catherine cradle she cat . catherine ready . he open the door and escort a leash valentine into the live room . Catherine 's cat squirm from she arm and hide under the couch . novak that go well . catherine give she a minute . ( smile at the dog ) hello , Valentine . novak unleash the albino shepherd and he run to Catherine , lick she face , wag he tail . novak you sure about this ? catherine absolutely . ( call for the cat ) abigail ... Valentine pick up the cat 's scent and sniff around the base of the sofa . catherine ( cont 'd ) I hear Julia and John get marry . novak yep. elope . catherine good for they . Valentine settles on the floor . slowly , abigail 's curiosity get the best of she and she creep out , sniff the dog 's nose . patient and sweet , Valentine lie still , allow the cat to reach a acceptable level of comfort . novak well look at that . catherine I tell you . you have to be optimistic . believe in they ... novak so you say . amazingly , abigail brushes up against the dog and purr . catherine he 's mine ? novak all yours . my boss say it 's one of the strangest request the Bureau 's ever have . Catherine laugh . she like that . novak ( cont 'd ) he also say that until prove differently , Julia hickson be find as a result of good old - fashioned detective work . catherine it do not matter ... novak I do not know . I think it do . ( genuine concern ) you know , Catherine ... if you ever want to talk about it . what happen to stargher . that last time . it 's painfully clear the think of it still trouble she . catherine not just yet . okay ? novak do not push it . he just take she hand and give it a gentle squeeze . the cat dash into the kitchen and Valentine follow . catherine ( cont 'd ) they be hungry . novak I get it . he move into the kitchen . in a moment of quiet introspection , Catherine look at the television screen , at dorothy accidentally hit the wick witch with a bucket of water , cause she to melt . and she look away , unable to watch , disturb by the image . she turn to the kitchen and see novak feed a appreciative dog and cat . he rise and return to the live room . catherine thank you . novak no problem . catherine no . thank you . he smile and nod , gently rest he hand on she shoulder . Catherine shut she eye and lean toward he , comfort by simple human touch ... fade to black .