ext . train - darkness before dawn suburban Connecticut , outside of New York City , 1973 . the still after a terrible storm . tree drip , they branch tear , the air warming just before the break of a new day . the train lie dark and motionless , a few flash yellow emergency light up front , as a work crew remove debris from the track . int . train . pre-dawn various passenger , huddle uncomfortably , cold , asleep . on Paul Hood , 15 - and -a-half , stoner - preppie look , hunch up in he seat under the faint emergency exit light . he read he fantastic four comic book by the pale light of the emergency exit sign . suddenly , the light begin to flicker on and the hum of the train 's engine return . the conductor enter the car , blast forth in he classic nasal voice . conductor good morning lady and gentleman -- he sound like a baseball announcer . passengers ( mumble , ad lib ) what lady ? conductor -- this train originate at New York 's Grand Central Station be back in service - next stop will be New canaan , Connecticut . New canaan , Connecticut , next stop ! he move on to the next car . the train begin to move . Paul rub he elbow against the window and look out into the still - dark early morning . he look back down at he comic book . on the comic book : reed Richards ( also know as stretch ) have zap he young son with a cosmic ray gun to neutralize the destructive energy that annihilus have implant in he . the thing , Medusa , flame , and Richards ' wife Sue Storm look on , stunne . " then you've turned he into a vegetable . you own son . " " don't you see , sue ? he be too powerful ... if he ENERGY have continued to build , he would have destroyed the wqrld ! " Paul look up again , think . paul ( v.o. ) in issue number 141 of the fantastic four , publish in November 1973 , reed Richards have to use he anti-matter weapon on he own son , who annihilus have turn into a human atom bomb . his son be the result of Richards ' coupling with the earthling Sue Storm , and the problem be that the cosmic ray that infuse Richards and the rest of the fantastic four on they abort moon mission have make young Franklin a volatile mixture of matter and anti-matter . ext . train bridge . pre-dawn the train move slowly through a suburban , semi-forested landscape . paul ( v.o. ) and that 's what it be to come from a family , if you analyze it closely . each of they be negative matter for the other one . and that 's what die be -- die be when you family , which be in fact you personal negative matter from which you emerge -- it 's when the family take you back , thus hurl you back into negative space ... int . train . cont 'd . on Paul , as the sun break over the horizon . his face glow warmly in the yellow light . he look down idly at the comic book . paul ( v.o. ) so it 's a paradox -- the closer you be draw back in , the further into the void you be throw . ext . conrail station . early morning the train slowly pull in . the train door open , and Paul , weary from the long night , emerge . he see he family gather at the other end of the platform -- Ben , 40 , a bit worse for wear but still retain trace of he boyish look ; Elena , 37 , distant and elegant even in she oversize sweater ; and Wendy , 14 , a sullen suburban lolita . he pause , regard they . they stand , silent , even dignify , await he . ext . ST . peter' school . morning to establish . a typical New England prep school . int . paul and francis' dorm room . morning cramped , a mess , but quaint . Paul share the room with Francis davenport iv , a dissolute , smart - ass son of money . Paul 's alarm clock ring . he slam he hand down on it and jump out of bed , fully clothed in he rumple preppie uniform of fray khakis , loose tie , shirt with one tail untucked in , etc . across the room , Francis beckon from he desk , as he finish load up a four-foot-high bong . francis arise and shine , young Hood . paul I hope you change the water in that bong from last night . francis ( finish a hit ) the water , as you call it , be a special mixture of amaretto and ben&amp ; Ben blend for just the exact chemical interaction with the last of we precious thai stick . Paul reluctantly walk over and take a hit . he cough , spew uninhaled smoke . francis ( cont 'd ) waste not master Hood -- that be $ 20 for the bag . paul ( gather book , papers , almost talk to himself ) man , Francis , you be one drug addle elitist freak , and when the revolution come I do not want to be line up with you and shot , ' cause you be fuck ripe for political reeducation , you know , like in the field . francis Paul , cancel you mental appointment , baby . what be you , like still stone from last night ? paul ( spraying some chloroform mouth spray ) I gotta get to English class . int . ST peter ' classroom . day a English class in progress . Paul Hood sit blankly , hardly listen , until he hear the teacher call out . teacher libbet ? libbet what dostoyevsky be say here be that to be a Christian be to choose , because you have to choose of you own choice , but since you can not choose to be good because that would be too rational you have to choose to be bad -- it 's existential . teacher thank you libbet , that 's a very compelling summary , but -- Paul look at she , smitten . marge , Paul 's friend , notice he look . int . ST . peter' hallway . day as class let out , Paul accost libbet . paul um , libbet . hey , dostoyevsky , I be also really a fan , and what you be say , you know , have you ever read the idiot ? libbet the idiot ? paul if you like Notes from Underground , you will love the idiot . libbet ( turn to go ) great , thanks for the tip . paul ( after she ) the idiot . int . ST . peter' hallway . day Paul walk with marge . paul I be in love with libbet casey . marge yeah , well , you have be in love with like every other girl here , I be wonder when you would get around to libbet . paul it 's beyond mere physical attraction . marge that 's good , because I do not think libbet be capable of the sex act . paul truly ? do speak . marge my diagnosis be mess in the head . a poor little rich girl -- I mean check out the jeans and fur look . and lend you ear to this brutality . like she mom and step dad and she step -sister be go to Switzerland to ski over Thanksgiving break -- and like they do not invite she ! paul how do you know this shit ? marge they do it last year too . it 's like traditional or something . they have get this humongoid Park Ave apartment and she just hole up there with a wad of cash . ( beat ) be not the hugely wealthy sad ? paul ( pause ) you think Francis be go to beat I to the punch here ? marge since he sleep with every girl you ever show a interest in , why do not you just keep you libbet thing a secret from he ? paul good think marge . int . school party . night Paul , Francis and friend enter the dark , crowded room . various kid be awkwardly dance to some progressive fm style undanceable rock ( jethro tull , etc . ) Francis hand Paul the tail end of a joint , but Paul wave it away . paul no more man . I be about to drop as it be . francis see ya . paul where you go ? francis Paul , let I enlighten you about something . you and I exist on two opposite side of a great existential divide , that be you pathetic virginity on the one hand and my astonish number of sexual conquest on the other . I be off to get laid . see you . paul flame on , asshole . francis and remember , with you erogenous zone lubricate as such with the mighty herb , do not attempt terrestrial contact with member of the opposite sex -- because you drine on like a motherfucker when you be stone . he wave he finger toward Paul 's eye , in the classic " stone " gesture , then wander off . Paul look on at the gather . marge wave to he from the dance floor . later : int . school party . cont 'd Paul wander , stone , through the party . he see libbet from across the room . she seem to be surround by friend . int . party . cont 'd Paul have cornere libbet and be talk over the music . there be just a few people leave , most of they make out with each other . paul ( stone ) -- because I have be read kerouac and ginsberg and that guy be create beat culture and travel and sleep wherever , and , of course , with all kind of people , but when you read carefully the various contemporary account of they life , and , uh , this guy do not bathe much , I mean they be really filthy , with like genital crab , lice , exceptionally strong body odor ... libbet smile through she yawn . ext . school bench . night Paul sit alone on the bench , freezing cold , eat a donut . some kid from across the lawn yell good - night to he . int . dorm room . evening . Paul be at he desk . Francis enter , wrap in a towel , fresh from the shower . paul how can you do that man ? francis do what ? paul sleep all day . I mean , look , it 's already get dark outside , and you be just get up . francis ( beat ) um , libbet casey . paul what ? francis aha ! I could sense the vibe . paul what do you mean ? francis be I right or be I right ? paul shit . you be not plan -- francis my man , I speak to you solely as a comrade in arm offer unconditional aid . I have be give this one a lot of think , and I believe that the two of you together might just reach that higher ground that -- a knock at the door . student ( o.s. ) Hood , telephone . Paul roll off he bed , open the door . paul do not mess with libbet . I mean it ! int . dorm hallway . night Paul walk to the pay phone at the end of the hall . paul hello ? intercut - hood household . night it 's a modern ( shag carpet , geometric - pattern wallpaper , etc. ) suburban house . Ben Hood talk on the phone , a drink in he hand . BEN Paul ? in the background , we can see Wendy watch Richard Nixon on tv . paul hi dad . BEN hey guy . thing ok up there ? you all right ? paul I be fine dad . BEN well good . just confirm . you will be on the 3:50 Wednesday afternoon . paul well dad , actually I think I would take the morning train on Thanksgiving -- get a lot of study , papers , you know , lab experiment -- BEN Lab experiment ? right smart guy -- Paul , you know you mother 's gonna be disappointed not to see more of you -- in fact , let I make this more than a simple request guy , I think you should ... in the background : nixon ( on tv , from San clemente press conference ) well , with regard to the question as to why Americans feel we be wrong to make the tape , that be not particularly surprising . I think that most Americans do not like the idea of taping conversation and , frankly , it be not something that particularly appeal to I ... BEN hold on for a second . ( turn ) Wendy , you want - to say hi to you brother ? she frown . BEN ( cont 'd ) come on ! she get up sullenly and go to the phone . wendy Charles . paul Charles . have you be keep out of my shit ? have you refrain from enter the sacred precinct of my room ? wendy I have not touch you sh -- ( look at father ) stuff . you watch this ? paul watch what ? wendy Nixon , doofus ! it 's incredible . he should be shot . BEN ( overhear ) hey , that 's the president of the goddam United States you be talk about , Wendy ! from the kitchen , Elena overhear . she 's dress to go out , but in the process of make a kraft macaroni and cheese dinner for Wendy . wendy he 's a liar ! ( still talk more to she father than into the phone ) Dean tell he on March 21st about kalmback and hunt , all about the payoff to the watergate burglar , so you tell I where the so-called " Dean report " be , but you can not because it do not exist , because he lie about haldeman and erlichman and the April 17 tape , that 's why ! liar ! Ben retreat , go to the wet bar to pour another drink . BEN ( mutter ) ok , ok , the defense rest . ( to Elena in the kitchen ) want another ? elena ( o.s. ) no thank you . we should be off . BEN gotcha . he put the bottle back down without pour . intercut back to paul : paul ( on the phone ) hey Charles . Charles , calm down -- I be not in on it . Elena , put on she coat , come into the de and give Wendy a kiss on the forehead as Wendy mumble she good - by to Paul on the phone . elena dinner 's on the counter . we will be at the Williams 's -- you know the number . ( take the phone from Wendy ) Paul . hi . be there anything you will want , any particular kind of food or snack or anything we can stock up on ?... you be all right ? ... ok . see you next week . I love you . back to Nixon on the tv . nixon we must recognize that one excess beget another , and that the extreme of violence in the 1960s contribute to the extreme of watergate ... on Wendy as she regards the tv , hearing she parent ' farewell as they leave through the front door . ext . william house . night a large New England Colonial , with a few modern addition and touch . we hear the sound of dinner chatter . int . william dine room . night the kitchen door swing open into the dining room , and mikey and Sandy Williams emerge , each hold platter of food . mikey , 15 - and -a-half , lose in space , and Sandy , 14 , a sullen and barely pubescent boy , each have towel drape over they forearm -- they be the evening 's " waiter " . they move unsteadily to the table , at which sit they parent janey ( 38 , a hard - edge , sharp - witted beauty ) and Jim ( 43 , large and a bit goofy , a genius inventor ) , together with they guest , Ben and Elena Hood , and neighbor dorothy and Ted Franklin . we jump cut through the evening 's conversation , see mostly from the furtive Pov 's of the boy . BEN his brother come back -- dorothy from where ? BEN Vietnam . dorothy oh . be we go to talk about this , about ...? elena you should hear . it 's very sad , he be -- jump CUT : janey be whisper something into mikey 's ear , who return to the kitchen . jim it be a benefit for the aclu or something , and Harry reem himself be there -- dorothy the man with the -- from deep Throat ? jim the very one -- something about a first amendment defense fund -- well I believe in it -- dorothy Ted take I to see it . janey Ted , how romantic . dorothy I have to say , the movie do not do much for I . but be in that theater , surround by all that horny young college boy and pervert , there be something in the air that -- jump CUT : the boy be pour wine . jim -- pull right up to the pump , jump out like there 's no gas shortage , oblivious , and by this point everybody in line 's pile out of they car ready to kill the guy , when they notice it 's that reverend Edwards -- BEN the unitarian ? the new one ? jim yeah -- claim he pull off Creek Road and do not notice the line go back mill Street for half a mile . BEN he 's either get he head in the cloud or up he -- dorothy I hear he 's sleep with half the woman in he congregation -- ted lucky bastard ! as this be say , mikey accidentally spill some wine on Ben . BEN Hell ! -- I mean , no problemo there mikey . here , I -- janey lean over with she napkin and attempt a cursory wipe of Ben 's pants . be there a just barely noticeable frisson between Ben and janey as she remove the napkin ? if there be , Elena do not -- or pretend not to -- notice . CUT to : the boy , now in pajamas ( Sandy 's with padded foot , mikey 's a combination of t-shirt and pj bottom ) be bring out coffee and dessert . the adult eye mikey 's handle of the coffee pot with some nervousness . dorothy ( unconvincing ) so fascinating . do you get free ticket to the movie , that kind of thing ? BEN no , my job be just to analyze the entertainment stock and advise we institutional investor on where to put they money . it 's -- elena do not be so modest , Ben . it 's a job that require a certain prescience with regards to entertainment trend . you be the first to predict that billy Jack would be a hit -- BEN ( with a bit too much conviction ) and as usual no one believe I ... silence . CUT to : the dinner party have move to the live room for after dinner drink . Elena remain behind to help janey pick up the table . she stack a plate on top of another . janey please do not . elena it 's not a bother . janey I insist . ( beat ) do not touch they . Elena realize that there 's a edge to janey 's voice . elena oh. janey ( realize she 's go too far ) it 's really quite all right . elena of course . int . william live room . night the party progress . mikey and Sandy be lie on they stomach at the top of the stair , out of sight . dorothy and to think -- they meet at a key party of all thing . elena a key party ? dorothy you know , it 's a California thing . that scuzzy husband of hers drag she kick and scream to one when they be out in L.A. you know , the man put they car key in a bowl , and then at the end of the evening the woman line up and fish they out and go home with whoever 's key they have get . anyhow that 's how she meet this Rod person or whatever he name be and he 's leave he wife and she 's pack for California . irwin be devastate . it 's so ironic . janey ironic ? dorothy ( catch out ) well , um , yes . ironic . his name be Rod . int . william front hallway . night the guest be leave . the man shake hand , the woman kiss , and the man and woman awkwardly peck each other ' cheek . elena thank you janey . dorothy it be lovely ! BEN hey Jim , next time you have get to fill I in on whatever it be you be up to this day . jim will do . int . stairway . night at the top of the stair , a rather deject Sandy and mikey finish spying on the leave- taking below . mikey nudge Sandy , and they silently head back the upstairs hall . int . mike' room . night they enter Mike 's room -- the door have a " nuclear waste positively no admittance " sign on it . as mikey reach he bed , he double over , groan , and start to make retching noise . he then throw himself onto the bed , he head lean over the far side . Sandy walk over and see a pile of vomit next to the bed . taken aback for a moment , he then reach forward and pick it up -- it 's fake plastic vomit . he throw it on top of Mike 's back , but mikey do not take notice . sandy stupid ! ( pause , look sullenly at Mike 's back ) be Wendy Hood you girlfriend ? mikey ( not look up , but alarmed ) who say so ? sandy no one . mikey I do not have a girlfriend . mikey return to he read -- a copy of the sensuous woman , obviously well paw over . he absentmindedly pick he nose . as he flip the page , a beautiful , almost electrical humming SOUND begin to fill he ear . he frown and pause to listen to it . Sandy , who have pick up a balsa wood miniature plane , obviously do not hear it . mikey focus on the plane as Sandy wave it through the air . perhaps the hum be the sound of its engine as it soar through the sky ... int . wendy'' bedroom . night there be a large poster of a cartoon version of Richard Nixon " tricky Dick " -- on she wall . Wendy be on the phone to she friend Beth . wendy -- he know that when the March 24th tape -- you know with Dean , where Dean tell he that there 's a cancer grow on the presidency -- she pause as Beth ask a question . wendy ( cont 'd ) who ? no way . he 's like a big infect whitehead wear jeans . I would not -- she hear the downstairs door open . wendy ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) -- shit , it 's my parent . she turn she light out . int . hood upstair hallway . night Ben and Elena walk past Wendy 's room to they bedroom . BEN you would think she would learn how to cook a chicken , eh ? my drumstick be still freeze when you cut inside there . I be probably go to get whatever that disease -- and Jim , how that guy ever become a millionaire -- he pause before a hall table , and , with he eye , trace the telephone cord under Wendy 's room . BEN ( cont 'd ) hmm . I know she would still be up . watch this -- but Elena simply continue into the master bedroom . he start to pull gently on the cord . and continue pull . no response for a few second . then : continued : 25 wendy ( o.s. ) ( yell behind she door ) dad stop it ! BEN get to sleep young lady -- and I mean it . Wendy open the door to she room . wendy fascist ! BEN if I be a fascist I would have send you to one of that Southern military academy a long time ago . now get to bed . she slam the door . he open it . int . wendy'' bedroom . night Ben enter the room , angry . BEN hey ! Wendy jump into bed and under the cover , pull they up over she head . he stand over she , look down at the crumpled pile of sheet and blanket . BEN ( cont 'd ) ( soften ) hey , kiddo . sleep well , huh . he place he hand where she cheek should be , and caress the sheet . wendy ( without pull the sheet down , but nicely ) good-night dad . BEN good night kiddo . Ben turn to the door , where he see a silent Elena stand in she nightgown , a slight smile on she face . int . hood bedroom . night Elena be sit cross -legge , eye close , on she side of the bed . we hear the toilet flush from the master bath , and see Ben emerge in he boxer . he pause in front of the bed , look at Elena . elena ( without open she eye ) you be stare at I . BEN I be not star -- elena I have be think , Ben , about Wendy . I be go to ask if she would come with I sometime to meet Dr. woolen . BEN that shrink -- the one you always want I to see ? I think you drop he . elena I do , but -- somebody should probably see she , talk to she ... you think she 's ok ? BEN why should not she be ? Elena just give he a look , more sad than angry . BEN ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) then again , why should she be ? I mean with we , with we ... elena so maybe you will come too ? BEN oh not again Elena ! if we have get problem , why can not you just come out and talk about they . elena it 's you Ben who need to talk . I have have my say , and I be wait to hear back from you . BEN yeah but Elena , even you do not believe all that " I be ok . you be ok " stuff you keep babbling about -- you say so yourself . I have be all ear for about ten year now on he subject , and -- elena -- and you have not move out yet . it 's because you be too lazy , Ben . too scared or lazy to either deal with we or simply make a decision -- BEN Elena . silence . elena ( sighing ) sleep in the study ? please . Ben pick up a pillow and walk out , pause wistfully at the door . BEN good night . elena good night . int . wendy'' room . night Wendy hear she parent ' door close and see a strip of light illuminate under she door as the hall light go on , then off . ext . manhattan office build . day a nondescript , cleanly " modern " building . engrave on the door : " shackley and schwimmer , Securities brokerage - establish 1964 " int . shackley and schwimmer conference room . day Ben , seat , be finish a brief presentation to a small group of man , which include George Clair , mid-thirty , unctuously handsome . BEN but what , exactly , be stagflation , this mixture of inflation and stagnation , and how should we in the security industry understand and accommodate it ? well -- and I hope I be not out of bound here - think of the money supply as a large male organ , continuously inflate , and yet , the societal vaginal cavity simply want more . as the vicious circle of higher return without real satisfaction continue , the money -organ may seem to be in demand , but in fact even the most inflate capital be unwanted . this be why I suggest that while we engage this maw abyss for the high return , we at the same time fantasize , so to speak , of the safe harbor of capital appreciation . the aging boss nod agreement . shackley ( more or less mumble ) brilliant , brilliant . George Clair just grin . int . BEN hood' office . day Ben be gather papers , readying to leave . he look up to see George Clair in he doorway . GEORGE hey there benjie , you be become quite the in-house philosopher . when do you have time to think up all that stuff -- shackley sure eat it up . intercut hall in front of BEN hood' office as we see that Clair be deftly fondle Hood 's attractive secretary as she be seat in the cubicle beside the door to he office . she look up coyly at Clair , hide for the moment from Ben 's view . Ben come out of he office , pull he coat on . Clair and the secretary pull back , but it 's clear that Ben have some sense of what 's transpire between they . BEN George , I be just try to get a global view of thing -- can not just look at the small picture . there 's a obvious rivalry between the two of they . GEORGE and speak of which , you have that market share chart Mr. shackley be ask about ? BEN gotcha George , not a problem . tomorrow . hey , you want to start cover the old film entertainment sector yourself ? GEORGE Ben you know that 's you territory - and I would not dream to trespass - you be the expert . hey , how do you think paramount 's gonna do with that blatty novel , what 's it call ? the exorcist ? BEN overpriced bomb , cost over $ 6 million -- no star , and no one 's into the horror genre this day anyway . I be advise the company recommend reduce position there . it 's disaster film that be gonna stay at the top . GEORGE brilliant . hey , you head out a little early today ? BEN get a meeting uptown . GEORGE ( already move off ) right o' . BEN up the organization ! ( then , to himself ) bastard . the secretary pretend not to hear . ext . university club . day a august New York institution . to establish . int . club restaurant . day a stuffy , ivy League atmosphere . a decade - old tradition of serve overcooked american food . Ben be seat across from he father , harold Hood , a retire curmudgeon . there be a walker park by harold 's chair . harold ( waylay a pass waiter ) I would ask for that double martini about three hour ago ! waiter come right up , sir . harold so ask I out for lunch -- what prompt this exceptional event ? -- of course I be pay . BEN we do not have to always go to you club , dad . harold and why be you still call I dad ? you be forty year old already , and -- BEN -- well what be I suppose to call you ? harold that 's besides the point . the martini arrive , along with Ben 's beer . BEN I be actually try to see about get a little advice , you know -- harold advice ? I be suppose to be get the stock tip from you , Ben . unless - have you quit you job ? they fire you ? BEN you know , dah -- he look up and see he father slurping he martini , not pay attention . BEN ( cont 'd ) actually it 's not about work , it 's advice about -- harold oh for cry out loud Ben , you do not mean to tell I that you marriage be go down the drain now -- BEN well , Elena and I have kind of be talk , not really talk , but -- harold -- you mother , God bless she , stand by I for forty - two year -- we never once contemplate divorce - I assume you be talk here about divorce ? the very think -- BEN but dad , you guy truly hate each other , I mean really hate each -- harold -- waiter ! where 's my cobb salad ? ( back to Ben ) you want advice Ben ? if you big brother be still alive I would have he go out into the back yard and beat some sense into you head . look kid , you marry that woman against my advice -- BEN -- what advice ? you never -- harold that 's besides the point . the point be if I would have any sense in I I would have divorced you mother 40 year ago , and that 's the truth , and here it be , 1972 -- BEN -- 73 harold -- 73 , and divorce be as easy as pay off a traffic ticket , and for cry out loud , Ben , be a man and just get it over with . I would have if I would have the chance . Ben ponder , as the food arrive . BEN ( weakly ) but ... harold but what ? BEN but I -- well maybe I love she . Elena . his father roll he eye and stab he salad with a fork . harold Christ Ben ! make up you mind and eat you lunch . int . book store . day Elena browse the self - help section . a longish-haired , slightly go - to -seed , but still handsome clergyman pause next to she . he 's wear a ecclesiastical collar and bell bottom . he pull out a copy of I , myself and I , glance again at Elena . philip Elena . Elena Hood , be I right ? elena yes . philip reverend Edwards . Philip Edwards . you come by and check out the congregation a couple of time last year . elena yes , it be -- I end up -- philip ( smile ) no need to make excuse -- ext . new canaan high school field . day a cool gray afternoon . a group of boy be play flag football on the field , while two group of girl be gather underneath the bleacher at either end , warily smoking chgarettes . Wendy , Beth , and a couple of other girl be gather in one group . beth ( refer to one of the girl gather in the other group ) she say you lick Dave brewster 's weenie in the third floor bathroom . wendy she 's a liar . I would not touch Dave brewster 's dick if you pay I . it 's probably crawl with v.d. after he put it in she , which he do . the conversation peter out at this point , as the two group of girl give each other the hairy eyeball from afar . Wendy look through from beneath the bleacher seat onto the field where the boy be play . a group of boy break from a huddle , mikey among they . the quarterback take the hike and mikey run out for a pass . as he run , he breathe increase in volume , fill he ear , and transform into the hum sound he would hear before . the quarterback spot he and throw a long one . he run in a oblivion of beautiful white sound . the ball drop next to he as he continue , in a world of he own , to run . suddenly , the hum end and he stop and turn around , to see all the other kid just stand there look at he . one of they make a pot-smok gesture , as if that 's the explanation . mikey ( as he return to the group , ball in hand ) do anybody hear that ? the other kid snicker . Wendy look on , and catch mikey 's eye for a fleeting moment . wendy I gotta go . she take hold of she bicycle and push off . int . coffee shop . day Elena and Philip be seat at a booth . philip it 's be a tremendously transformative year -- maybe a little controversial of course , but we be break down the old unitarian barrier -- elena I suppose my reluctance be the group aspect of it -- I have never be much of a joiner , although I still consider myself a somewhat religious person -- philip well I of course flatter myself that we church be not exactly what most people would call organize religion -- at time it 's the disorganization that 's liberate -- and of course I have begin to minister much more in what one might call therapeutic environment , in small group , and one on one , couple -- Elena look outside the window , and see Wendy speed past on she bicycle . elena ( cut he off ) my daughter . I have not be on a bike for year . ( still not really look at he ) when be the last time you ride a bike ? philip ( a bit take aback by the abrupt topic change ) they say you never forget . elena ( jarre back to he presence ) forget what ? philip forget how to ride a bike . silence . elena no , of course you do not , you be right . ext . five and dime store . day Wendy pull she bike up to the back , lock it , and walk in . int . five and dime store . day Wendy move with a certain amount of stealth through the aisle , arrive at the candy selection . she look around . she take a package of twinky and slip they into the oversize pocket of she painter 's pants . she turn around , and she breath go out of she -- a old woman have be watch she shoplift . the woman look sadly at she , but say nothing . Wendy slowly walk past she and out the back door of the store . the woman look on . ext . five and dime store . day as she walk she bike onto the sidewalk , Wendy come across Sandy . sandy hey Wendy . wendy hey Sandy . sandy mikey be look for you . wendy yeah ? see ya . she push off on she bike . Sandy gaze after she . he take he g.i . Joe out of he coat pocket , and point it at she . sandy bam . ext . suburban street . day Wendy fly along on she bike . it 's a desolately beautiful fall day . ext . silver meadow psychiatric institute . day Wendy ride by the front gate of the posh grounds of the private psychiatric clinic . a security guard lean against a booth . once a bit past the gate , she get off she bike and walk it into a grove of tree near the front drive . ext . silver meadow . day mikey be wait amid the tree next to he bike as Wendy arrive . mikey want some gum ? wendy sure. ( pull they out of she pocket ) twinkie ? mikey ( open he mouth , display the gum on he tongue ) I be chew . she put the twinkies back , and pop the gum in she mouth . they stand together chew . wendy ( after a pause ) do you tell Sandy ? mikey tell Sandy ? what ? Wendy do not say anything . mikey ( cont 'd ) you do not tell he either , do you ? ext . silver meadow swimming pool . day the wind be pick up and the light be fade . mikey and Wendy climb the fence around the pool , which be empty and half - cover in dead leave and twig . they climb down into the concrete recess and walk into the deep end , lean against the far wall of the pool . they each matter - of - factly take they gum out and put it behind they ear . they begin not so much to kiss as to place they tongue in each other ' mouth . we see they from high above the pool , as the dead leave swirl lightly around they , mikey grop under Wendy 's poncho . ext . william house . day to establish . int . william guest room . day a couple be in the final throes of lovemake . we see janey Williams 's face , more or less enjoy the proceedings . the man give a final heave and groan , and roll off to reveal himself to be -- Ben Hood . jump CUT to : janey smoke a cigarette . Ben be babbling . BEN we be golf , and you know , golf to I be something I be suppose to enjoy , and I be on the goddam golf team in college , so it 's something one would assume I do well -- I use to do well -- but basically this day golf for I be like hoe , or plow . janey smile briefly at this . BEN ( cont 'd ) it 's like farming . I be basically chew up large tract of expensively landscape scenery with overpriced stick , and George Clair have obviously , in the mere two year since he join the firm , he have obviously be take secret lesson with a golf pro , and I assume the entirety of he disposable income have be devote to humiliate I on the golf course . and the guy talk - incessantly -- throughout the entirety of the miserable 18 hole - on topic that be the suppose domain of my department -- janey Ben -- BEN yeah ? janey ( gently ) you be boring I . I have a husband . I do not particularly feel the need for another . BEN you have a point there . that 's a very good point . we be have a affair . right . a explicitly sexual relationship . you need . my need . you be absolutely right . janey you should probably get dress . the boy will be home soon . BEN gotcha . she wrap a blanket around herself and get up . ext . back of william house . evening Ben cautiously walk out he back door and head for the side gate . int . hood kitchen . evening Wendy enter the house as Elena be finish supper preparation . wendy hi mom . elena hi Wendy . without wait for instruction , Wendy start pull out plate and silverware and set the table . elena ( cont 'd ) I see you on you bike today . wendy with mikey ? elena who ? wendy nobody . elena mikey Williams ? wendy we be just riding around . Elena take this in . elena well , you look very -- free -- when I see you . Wendy continue set the table . elena ( cont 'd ) weightless almost -- as if I be see my own memory of be a girl . there be something internal about it . wendy Mom . be you ok ? elena Wendy , of course . I be sorry . you must think I be ripe to be check into Silver meadow . wendy you be not a psycho ! elena the people at Silver meadow be not psychos . wendy I know . they be rich drug addict and celebrity . when I see James Taylor there , and -- elena we have be through this Wendy James Taylor be actually at that clinic up near Boston . wendy well , I see what I see , and if you do not want to believe I -- elena oh Wendy . Wendy frown . wendy they need the money for my band uniform at school . elena I think you quit the band - I never hear you practice anymore . wendy I do not really need to practice . I just play a few note , you know , so I think maybe I would stay in . elena well , I be sure you father and I would love to hear what you be play this day . maybe after dinner . int . hood live room . night Ben and Elena take they seat on the sofa . Wendy stand before they hold a enormous trombone , with a music stand and sheet music in front of she . she puff a series of seemingly disconnect note in waltz time . when she 's do , she look up from the sheet music to she parent . they applaud . BEN can not wait to see how it fit in with all the other instrument . Elena give he a look . int . hood kitchen . night Elena be sorting through bill and write check at the kitchen table . Ben come in and fill a glass with ice . elena the halfords have invite we again this year . BEN you want to go ? elena what do you think ? BEN well , it be a neighborhood tradition . he come up behind she , look down at the checkbook . BEN ( cont 'd ) I be , uh , go to bed . elena so early ? BEN Rough day . good night . he lean over and kiss she on the cheek . she sniff . elena be that a new aftershave ? he recoil a bit . BEN oh yeah . musk , or something . you like it ? elena hmm. good night . he walk uncertainly from the room . do she suspect ? int . mike' room . night mikey be painfully at work write a English essay . Sandy come to the door with a geometry textbook . sandy mikey ? mikey yeah ? sandy geometry ? mikey sure , anything but this English . Sandy put the open textbook in front of he . sandy why be you so good at math but not in English ? mikey I be not good at math . just geometry . he look at the book . mikey ( cont 'd ) ( draw out he example on a piece of paper ) it 's like , you know when they say " two square " ? and you think it mean 2 time 2 , equal 4 ? but really they really mean a square . a square with a side of two . and the area of the square be four . like every time you use the word , like square , or cube , it 's really space , it 's not number , it 's space . and it 's perfect space , but only in you head , because you can not draw a perfect square , like in the material world , but in you mind , you can have perfect space . ( pause ) you know ? as mikey go on , we see he geometric doodle , and hear faintly the humming SOUND under he voice . sandy yeah . but I just need some help with my homework . a knock at the door . Jim stand in the doorway with a suitcase in he hand . jim hey guy , I be back . mikey ( honestly confuse ) you be go ? Sandy look at mikey as if ponder a lose cause . jim ( a look of disappointment ) yeah mikey . yep , I be in Houston , work on some great new idea about silicon , which come from sand , very conductive . how you guy do ? how 's school ? mikey 's still flustered . mikey uh , I dunno . ok I guess . jim hmm. alright ! he walk off . sandy you really do not notice ? man , he 's be go for three day . int . william bedroom . night janey be read , still dress , on the bed . she nod to Jim as he enter with he suitcase . janey good trip ? he nod and put he suitcase down , then sit heavily on the side of the bed . jim ( as he sit ) you bet . it turn out it 's a water bed , and he weight create a wave that nearly push janey off she edge of the bed . janey Jesus , Jim ! jim ( jump up , which only create another wave ) sorry honey . Hell , we have get to trade this thing in for a normal bed . janey just be careful . jim ( as he begin to unpack ) you notice anything with mikey lately ? the kid seem a little out of it tonight , eh ? janey tonight ? Jim , he 's be out of it since he be bear . jim Hell , I guess he take after I , huh ? he laugh to himself . she give he a look . int . coffee shop . day Elena and Philip Edwards be have coffee again . philip in many way , the church - bound tradition of the father , son , and holy ghost be simply a version of the parent- child - adult triad within we all . it 's a primitive set of symbol for we inner psychology . elena you be say that Christ be the child , and -- philip -- and God the angry parent , and the Spirit the hope of a integrate adult self . elena all well and good -- but tell I again what be it exactly that you believe in ? philip you ask what the point be ? elena that 's right . philip self-realization . minister to help people reach they fullest potential . would you believe I if I tell you I want you to see yourself reach you fullest potential and self- realization ? elena I would say it sound like you be try to get I into bed . philip if that 's a potential you see yourself fulfil ... I mean ... ( flustered ) my , I sound a bit -- elena I be sorry . that be stupid of I . I do not mean to be so rude . philip you be not . you actually , for some reason , you have the effect on I of make I feel just a tiny bit ashamed of myself . elena but not too ashamed . philip ( smile ) now you be be rude . elena and you be still try to get I into bed . philip ouch . just then , dorothy Franklin pass by they table , a smirk firmly implant on she face . dorothy hello you two . be I barging in on some kind of religious study group ? Elena , you look marvelous . will I see you and Ben at the halford 's ? elena I suppose we will make a appearance . dorothy and reverend Edwards ? do you make the list ? philip ( laugh ) I believe so Mrs. Franklin . dorothy with the two of you there it will be positively a revival ! I be off ! she scurries out of the coffee shop . philip I be afraid she 's something of a gossip , be not she ? elena ( gather she thing to go ) I be afraid people around here provide she with quite a bit to gossip about . ( get up ) take care . philip that I will indeed . int . classroom . day mikey be read he English paper before the class . mikey because of molecule we be connect to the outside world from we body . like when you smell thing , because when you smell a smell it 's not really a smell , it 's a part of the object that have come off of it -- molecule . so when you smell something bad , it 's like in a way you be eat it . this be why you should not really smell thing , in the same way that you do not eat everything in the world around you - because as a smell , it get inside of you . so the next time you go into the bathroom after someone else have be there , remember what kind of molecule you be in fact eat . a embarrassed silence . int . school music room . day Band practice . the New canaan High School band be do a wind version of a popular rock tune . in front , there 's Wendy , in halter top and hip-hugge bell bottom , incongruously blow away on she trombone -- this be she one stab at extracurricular activity . in the flute section directly behind she be Sandy , piping away on a tiny piccolo . he sit on a riser slightly elevate above she . he direct downward at Wendy a protract regard , a look of intense concentration on he face . sandy'' Pov : Wendy 's backside , she pants push outward in the back , afford Sandy a libido - charge view of the top of she bum crack . push in on a close - up of this cherish abstract landscape , then back to Sandy 's furrow face . int . club restaurant . day Ben and harold be at they table again . lunch be be clear . harold it 's not the tax I object to . it 's all the fine and penalty . BEN alright dad . but you sell the house , you do not tell anyone , include the IRS , and I would of certainly like to have see if there be any old stuff -- harold it be all junk ! another pause . Ben decide not to pursue a overworked topic . BEN oh. Elena want to know when we could expect you on Thanksgiving . it 's just go to be you this year . harold Ben , I be go to Florida . I hate Thanksgiving and I hate the cold . I have a new nurse . she 's a negro , she weigh three hundred pound , and I have decide to leave my entire estate to she . Ben spit he drink out . BEN what ? harold Jesus , Benjamin , you be still as gullible as ever . BEN that be a joke ? you do not tell joke . harold I think I would start try . if you do not mind . but I be go to Florida and I do have a new nurse . int . train . evening Ben sit in the move train , commute home . he put down he paper to look at this fellow passenger . [ note : he be in the same seat as be Paul at the beginning of the film . ] int . hood den . day Elena sit in a yoga pose . int . hood garage . day Elena enter the garage from the kitchen and turn the light on . she find a old bicycle and pull it out . ext . suburban street . day Elena ride she bike into town , infuse with the girlish sense of freedom she imagine for she daughter . suddenly , there 's a pop -- a tire be blow out . she slow down and get off the bike . as she bend to look at the wheel , a station wagon slow near she . the driver 's side window roll open . it 's janey Williams . janey need a lift ? int . janey' car . day Elena sit in the passenger seat . the two woman be obviously uncomfortable with each other . silence . elena thanks again . for the dinner . janey thanks for eat it . I do not know why I even pretend I can cook . elena I use to know how to cook . janey it 's not like we be too busy . they smile , barely . elena I be think of go back to school . janey Social work ? elena how would you know ? janey educate guess . elena I be that predictable ? no , you do not have to answer that . it 's just that with the kid almost grow -- janey you do not have to apologize . I be too much of a cynic . you actually seem to be try to figure thing out -- do not mind I . she pull the car over . ext . five and dime store . day janey 's car pull to the curb . int . car . cont 'd janey here you be . elena ( open she door ) thanks for the lift . if the bike 's any bother -- janey none at all . I will leave it in front of you garage . happy Thanksgiving . ext . five and dime . cont 'd Elena watch the car pull away . she turn and walk into the store . int . five and dime . day Elena move through the aisle , put various sundry into a basket . she pause in front of the lipstick . she pick up a lipstick , look at it , then quietly place it in she pocket . we see she reflection in the security mirror above the aisle , as she quickly exit the store . the middle - age lady behind the counter watch she leave . ext . five and dime . day in a wide shot , from across the street , we see Elena leave the store , follow by the shopkeeper who run behind she and tap she on the shoulder . they converse for a minute , and Elena be accompany back into the store . through the store window we see she take the lipstick out of she purse . she 's obviously distraught -- offer to pay , talk quickly , etc . the shopkeeper be hold a telephone , not yet decide on whether to call she in . paul ( v.o. ) to find yourself in the negative Zone , as the fantastic four often do , mean that all everyday assumption be invert -- even the invisible girl herself become visible , and so she lose the last semblance of she power . int . train . day Close on image from the fantastic four . " here in the negative zone , he power be halved . we can do nothing but wait ... and pray " " but what about franklin ? he'll be kill ! " Paul sit read on he way home . ext . william house . day janey pull up in the driveway . as she get out of the car , she hear a small explosion from the back of the house . ext . hood backyard . day janey come around the back to discover Sandy stuff a model airplane with m- 80 firecracker . he light they and run back a safe distance . the plane explode , its wreckage join the debris from a few other doll , model , and toy . janey Sandy ! Sandy look up -- bust . janey march over to he . janey ( cont 'd ) you little idiotic prick , you could blow yourself fuck sky high with all this dement crap . Sandy look on the verge of tear . she soften and bend down to he . janey ( cont 'd ) ( sighing ) hey . ( pick up the firecracker ) I will take this stuff . sandy you go to tell dad ? janey would it matter ? ( see something else lie on the ground ) and what 's that ? sandy ( sniffle ) you know , it 's the whip -- the one uncle Frank get I from Mexico . janey it 's not pack with explosive , be it ? sandy no ! janey ( go into the house ) play with the whip . int . william live room . day mikey and Wendy be in front of the tv , watch a rerun of divorce Court . janey oh. hi Wendy . wendy hi Mrs. Williams . janey mikey , have you hear the explosion come from the backyard ? ( he stare blankly at she ) do you know what Sandy 's be up to ? mikey ( honestly oblivious , as usual ) I dunno . she pause , then walk into the kitchen . ext . william backyard . day Sandy flick he enormous whip in the direction of a small bush . one by one , he snap off its leave . int . william kitchen . day janey haul a turkey out of a bag and into the fridge . int . william live room . day mikey and Wendy be still in front of the tv . janey come in again and look at they . janey do not you kid have homework ? mikey and wendy ( without look up , in unison ) Thanksgiving break . she walk out of the room again . Sandy come in , whip in hand , look over at mikey and Wendy , then walk over to they , and , without a word , slump down beside they and watch the tv . ext . town STREET . day Elena walk unsteadily , pause to rest against a brick wall . she take a deep breath , then walk to a corner where a local taxi station wagon sit idling . she gesture to the driver , who beckon she in . int . william live room . day later , still mentally devolve in front of the tv , but with various junk food detritus surround they and a different show , a rerun of the original highway patrol . Sandy wander off . CUT to : later . Wendy get up , go upstairs , and wander down the hall to the bathroom . she get to the door just as Sandy get there from the opposite direction . wendy after you . Sandy hesitantly open the door , as Wendy still hover by it . sandy well , you can ... wendy hey Sandy , what be you blow up out there ? you mom be pretty p.o. would . sandy all my model plane . wendy the one you build ? sandy they be old . and they could not fly anyhow . I be go to get a radio-controlled airplane at Christmas , and then I will stuff it full of m-80s and then fly it into Mrs. burgess 's English class and blow it up . wendy I have to go to the bathroom . sandy yeah . but he stay put , unaware it seem that he 's block the doorway . Wendy look around -- no one in sight . wendy I will show you mine if you show I yours . Sandy go wide eye , and almost against he will back into the bathroom like a feather . int . william live room . day mikey look up from the tv , wonder where Wendy be . he eat another pringle . int . william bathroom . day Wendy flip up she dress for Sandy . he slowly unzip , he hand unsteady . we can tell from the look on Wendy 's face that she 's feel a bit sorry for the little guy . suddenly Sandy turn bett red , and burst into tear . sandy what do you want ?! what do you want ? get out ! get out of here ! the door flip open -- and janey Williams appear . janey ( size up the situation ) shit . int . master bedroom . day janey be give Wendy a lecture janey a person 's body be he temple , Wendy . this body be you first and last possession . now as you own parent have probably tell you , in adolescence we body tend to betray we . that 's why , in Samoa and in other develop nation , adolescent be send out into the wood , unarm , and they do not come back until they have learn a thing or two . int . william house doorway . day Wendy be lead to the door by Mrs. Williams . Wendy trade a glance with a sullen mikey , who sit in the live room pretend to ignore she . ext . STREET . day Wendy walk she bike with the wind in she face . from behind she , mikey ride up on he bike and ride alongside she . she do not look at he . try to stay on he bike , but move slowly , he wobble , nearly fall off . mikey I do not ever want to see you . wendy then why would you come after I ? ext . hood house . day the taxi pull up . Elena get out and pay the driver . int . hood kitchen . day Ben be in front of the open freezer , try to get something out . he hear Elena come in the front door . BEN Elena . I need some help here if this thing 's gonna defrost by tomorrow . she come up and together they tug and pull until they succece in extract a large , freeze turkey . as they pull it out , it slip from they hand and , after a dull thump , slide along the floor . they smile . Elena bend over to pick it up . Ben observe she . she notice he look . BEN ( cont 'd ) here . he go over and pick up the turkey , place it in the sink . he look back at she and notice she vaguely distraught look . BEN ( cont 'd ) you all right there ? elena oh. sure , I -- do you remember to pick up the cranberry sauce ? BEN um , yes . they stand together , he concern and she vulnerability form a awkward attraction between they . elena because you like it on you turkey sandwich . BEN I do . I be -- be you ...? elena I ... I think I be ... BEN ( pause ) you know Elena , I have be think -- elena Ben , maybe no talk right now ? if you start talk , you be go to -- she kiss he as if she need he . int . hood hallway . day Ben and Elena enter they bedroom . Elena close the door quietly behind she . int . hood bedroom . day Ben and Elena undress shyly . they make love . Elena 's face be almost fearful . CUT to : Elena and Ben lie in bed side by side in the pale afternoon light . neither speak . Ben turn on he side , and notice a small tear form in Elena 's eye . BEN you cry ? elena I be just sad Ben -- I mean it be ... you be , but , you know . I just do not know ... BEN ( gently make light ) whatever that mean Elena -- and you complain about I not communicate ... I think it be -- elena no , I do not mean to sound negative . it be -- but ben. ( beat ) what be go to happen with we ? have you -- BEN you have to bring this up now ? what ? do I do something here ? be that it ? be it something I do ? elena I be not accuse you , Ben . it 's just that we have get to be honest . not just with ourselves , but with the child . BEN ( pause , sit up ) Hell , I know . I -- I guess if you want to accuse I , you have get -- ( look at watch ) oh hell ! I have get to pick up Paul . I almost forget . he get up and start to get dress . elena you be say ? he smell the armpit of the shirt he 's put on . BEN yikes -- I be hope to wear this thing to the halford 's Friday . elena that shirt ? BEN what ? elena leave it -- I will wash it for you . he look at she ruefully . ext . hood STREET . day Wendy walk and mikey ride along . wendy you have to follow I ? mikey I dunno . I -- they're now in front of the Hood 's house . ext . hood house . day Ben exit the house in a rush , and see Wendy and mikey on the street in front . BEN hey there mikey , how 's business ? continued : 85 mikey ( trip off of he bike ) Business ? uh , I dunno . Ben grimace , fiddle for he car key . as mikey remount and ride off , Wendy pass she father on the driveway . BEN I be pick up Paul at the station - want to come ? wendy Nah . BEN what you be up to ? wendy nothing . int . hood live room . day Wendy enter the house and climb the stair . she see the crumpled bed sheet in she parent ' room and hear Elena in the shower . ext . new canaan station . day Paul walk to the parking lot with he father , who carry he duffel bag . ext . street . day Ben 's car head back to the house with Paul . int . hood car . day BEN so how 's school treat you ? paul all right . BEN class ? paul good . BEN grade ? paul Fine . BEN anyone special ? you know ... paul hnnn . BEN well it 's good to see you -- we miss you around the house and all , but this St. Peter 's , it 's top of the line , eh ? paul yeah . BEN you know Paul , I have be think , maybe this be as good a time as any to have a little talk , you know , about -- well -- he make a sharp turn . Paul put he arm up on the dashboard to steady himself . paul ( nervous ) about ? BEN well , the whole gamut . fact of life and all . some fatherly advice , because , I tell you , there 's thing happen that you be probably old enough ... well ... ( pause ) for example , on the self - abuse front -- now this be important - it 's not advisable to do it in the shower -- it waste water and electricity and because we all expect you to be do it there in any case -- and , um , not onto the linen , and not on you sister 's underwear or any clothing belong to you mother -- he pause to gauge the effect of he monologue on he son , then continue . paul uh , dad -- just then Ben run a stop sign and almost slam into another car . BEN Holy ! well . if you be worried about anything , just feel free to ask , and , uh , we can look it up . paul uh , dad , you know I be 16 . BEN all the more reason for this little heart to heart ... great . ext . hood house . day the car pull up . Paul get out , look shell - shocked . he see Wendy wave to he from a second floor window . he nod back . BEN um , Paul . on second think , can you do I a favor and pretend I never say any of that . paul sure dad . BEN thanks . in the doorway , Elena wait . int . hood hallway . day Paul knock on Wendy 's bedroom door . she open it . paul hello , Charles . wendy greeting , Charles . int . wendy'' room . day Paul and Wendy sit on the floor . paul how be the parental unit function this day ? wendy dad 's like do he up with people routine , mom have not be say much . paul I do not know . dad seem a little weird . wendy yeah well wait till mom open she mouth . they both ponder silently . then : paul May I operate you telephonic apparatus ? wendy why do not you use the phone downstairs ? paul Calling a individual , Charles , in New York . confirm a social outing for Friday night . wendy can I come ? paul it 's a one - on - one kind of date thing . wendy with who ? paul her name 's libbet . wendy libbet ? what kind of a name be libbet ? ext . hood house . day Morning . to establish . int . hood bedroom . day Elena be come out of the master bathroom in a robe , a towel wrap around she head . elena the turkey in ? BEN stuff and baking . int . hood hallway . day Ben Hood pad down the hall in he bathrobe , try the bathroom door . it 's lock . BEN anyone home ? int . hood bathroom . day the shower be run , but Paul be stand by the open window , puffing on a joint and try to blow the smoke outside . paul I will be out in a second . Ben walk back to the bedroom , smirk . BEN sure you will . int . hood dine room . day one by one , each member of the Hood carry in a final item to place on the overstuff Thanksgiving table . then , one by one , they each silently take they seat . they look over the table . no one move . BEN well , it 's great we can all be together . and this Thanksgiving , no hysteria , no yell , especially with grandpa not here , although we miss he . so let 's do it right and actually , Wendy , why do not you say grace . you use to love to say grace , remember . Wendy grimace , as they all bow they head slightly . wendy dear Lord , thank you for Thanksgiving , and for let we white people kill all the Indians ... everyone look up . wendy ( cont 'd ) ... and steal they tribal land and stuff ourselves like pig muttering and groan : " Wendy ! " " for Christ 's sake " etc . wendy ( cont 'd ) ... while child in Africa and Asia be napalm and -- BEN Jesus all right enough ! they all unceremoniously start to dig in . fade out : int . william guest room . day janey Williams be pour Benjamin Hood a drink from a bottle of vodka . Benjamin be already unbuttone and shoeless ; janey still fully dress . janey here . BEN after the Thanksgiving I have , I need it . you have one ? janey in a bit . she sit next to he , he kiss the back of she neck . BEN you know , I think Elena might suspect something . janey give he a rather contemptuous look . BEN ( cont 'd ) ( think aloud ) maybe it 's all for the better , you know ? yesterday , at dinner , well , she have not say anything ... have she act funny to you , I mean , have you notice anything ? janey ( almost ironic ) have I notice anything ? I be not marry to she Benjamin , you be . I think you have probably a better vantage point from which to observe she . BEN yeah , but , I -- I have be work a lot lately , and -- no , that 's not it . I guess we have just be on the verge of say something , whatever it be , just say something to each other . on the verge . janey get up . janey I will be back . Benjamin look at she quizzically . BEN huh ? janey birth control . BEN right . gotcha . she leave the room . he lean back onto the bed . sit back up . take a sip of vodka . put the glass down . take he sock off . he 's now in just he jockey short and shirt . faintly , he hear a door close . the front door ? he take another sip . he hear another sound . BEN ( cont 'd ) janey ? nothing . he go to the door and carefully open it . BEN ( cont 'd ) ( quietly ) janey ? he hear , quite audibly , a car door open , close , janey 's car start and pull out . he run to a front window just in time to catch a glimpse of she drive off . BEN ( cont 'd ) shit . int . guest room . later Benjamin sit on the guest bed , still in he underwear , drink from the bottle . he get up and start to wander around the house , still hold the bottle . int . master bedroom . cont 'd Benjamin saunter through . he press on the king -size bed -- it undulate . BEN Water bed ! dig it ! he wiggle comically , make more wave . jump CUT : Ben idly go through janey 's drawer . int . william master bathroom . cont 'd he rifle through the bathroom cabinet , check out the medicine . int . william bedroom . cont 'd he notice a garter belt hang from the walk - in closet door . he pick it up and twirl it . int . mikey' room . cont 'd Benjamin walk in , a obvious look of distaste . he sort through a few of Mike 's thing -- monster eye that glow in the dark , the sensuous woman , etc . he twirl the garter belt absentmindedly , then toss it into the back of Mike 's closet . int . guest room . cont 'd he finish put he clothes back on . as he reach for the door , he hear voice and quickly step back in again . teenage voice . mikey and Wendy . mikey ( o.s. ) see , no one 's here . maybe you want to go to the basement ? wendy ( o.s. ) maybe we can just watch some tv . mikey ( o.s. ) there 's a tv in the basement . Hood hear they step down into the basement . int . basement . day Wendy and mikey stand in the middle of the semi-lit basement . mikey maybe we can mess around . you know , only if you want to ... wendy I do not know . mikey why do you -- with Sandy ? wendy I do not know . mikey you like he ? he worship you . but Wendy do not seem to hear -- she 's draw to a object lie next to a bean bag chair off to one side . wendy hey , what 's this ? with a look of utter fascination , she pick up a Nixon mask , look at it as though it be a archeological find . wendy ( cont 'd ) wow ! mikey Wendy ! she put the mask on . wendy ( from behind the mask ) I will not take my pants off . but I will touch it . that 's as far as it go . mikey look totally confuse . remain fully clothed , Wendy loosen Mike 's belt , show no excitement from behind she mask , and let he climb on top of she for a dry hump . just then , a shaft of light hit they from the top of the stair -- Ben tower above they , look down . mikey flip over immediately and pull he clothes together , grab a tv guide as Wendy stand up , the mask still on . as Ben descend mikey , still stuff he shirt - tail into he pants , pretend to flip through the tv guide . mikey ( mutter ) when world collide . wendy huh ? mikey 4:30 movie . when world collide . Ben arrive , fold he arm . BEN what the hell be you kid do down here ? wendy what do you think we be do , dad ? BEN what do I think ? I think you be probably touch each other . I think you be touch that reckless jerk - off , for god 's sake , and I think he 's try to get into you slack . I think , at fourteen year of age , that you be get ready to give up you girlhood -- mikey hey , hang on there , Mr. Hood -- BEN do not you direct a single word at I , mikey . I do not want to hear it . I will be speak with you parent about this situation very soon . Bet you ass on that , son . Young lady ? wendy talk to I , dad ? BEN who else would I be talk to ? and take that thing off ! wendy ( pull off the mask ) well , then forget all this stern dad stuff . BEN I be not interested in you smart ass remark now , lady . let 's go . right now . you and I can discuss it on the walk home . she stand next to mikey for a moment , both on the verge of tear . ext . STREET . evening Hood and Wendy walk through a cold drizzle rain . he look at she from time to time , then take she arm . BEN look , kiddo , do not worry about it . I really do not care that much . I be just not sure he 's good enough , that 's all . wendy huh ? BEN I mean , he 's not serious , he will end up live off janey and Jim , you watch . it 's just that you develop a sense when you get older , if thing be go to work out or if they will not , and sometimes it 's not worth the mess ... she look at he . they keep walk . she walk through a puddle . BEN ( cont 'd ) you toe cold ? wendy yeah . he stop and lift she in he arm . BEN I will carry you up the drive . she put she arm around he neck and he lift she up . on she face , as he carry she -- a look of blank but real intimacy . int . hood front hall . evening Hood and Wendy enter , wet and cold , mutter hellos . elena ( o.s. ) ( from the kitchen ) dinner in ten minute . BEN you go dry off now . Wendy head for the stair , Hood follow . int . hood bedroom . evening Hood finish take off he wet clothes as Elena enter and turn on a light . she stand watch he . BEN never guess where I find she . not much response from Elena . BEN ( cont 'd ) in the basement over at janey and Jim 's . with that weirdo mikey . not even a tv on . and they be on the floor and he 's get he trousers down though thank goodness she 's still dress . well , I really let he have it ! ( a nervous laugh ) ... and Wendy come home peacefully ... hey , should I dress for the halford 's now , or - give I you - elena up to you . I would like to go early and leave pretty soon after that . BEN I get you loud and clear ... hey , you look nice . elena so what be you do in the Williams ' basement anyway ? BEN oh , just drop off a coffee cup . Jim leave it , last time he be over . it be on the dash of the car . you be , you know , read , think I would just catch some air . let 's eat . elena oh right . the mustache coffee cup . the one that be sit on the dash . BEN yeah , that one . elena that one . she walk down to the kitchen , Benjamin follow she . int . kitchen . evening Wendy be already in the kitchen , fishing through the drawer for silverware and napkin . Paul enter . paul see you . BEN stay out of trouble . elena you will be on the 10:30 train ? paul 11:30 ? elena Paul -- BEN ah let the guy have he fun . what 's the name of this girl with the Park Avenue address ? paul libbet . libbet casey . BEN libbet ? what kind of name be libbet ? int . kitchen . night a silent dinner of turkey sandwich with Elena , Benjamin , and Wendy . the turkey carcass sit , embarrassed , in the middle of the table . Wendy , finish , get up from the table . open the fridge , but find nothing . then go to the candy shelf and grab some hot tamale , leave the room without a word and go into the de . int . den . night Wendy turn the tv on . tv ... and that end today 's highlight coverage of the watergate affair . wendy shoot . int . kitchen . night Hood and Elena rise from the table with they dish . BEN what 's for dessert ? elena see for yourself . BEN no advice from the expert , huh ? his plate slip out of he hand into the trash . he fish it out and set it on the counter . elena do not start . BEN you think I -- elena I have no idea . BEN what 's on you mind ? do not -- elena it would not make a pleasant evening , if that 's what you be after . I do not want to talk about it . stupid mustache cup . BEN what do you mean ? elena do not be dim . BEN Elena , what be you be talk about ? elena I be not surprised . BEN listen , Elena , if you be gonna pull that passive aggressive stuff on I again -- elena you unfaithfulness -- that 's what I be try to talk about . you unfaithfulness . you betrayal . you dalliance . and you will not do I the dignity of be up front about it . BEN ( quieter ) be I unfaithful ? be that what you be try to say ? elena it 's a start place . BEN well , what kind of faithfulness be you after ? elena if you be go to insult I -- BEN what else could I be ? what else could I be ? we be not live in the real world here . you be live out some fantasy land from the past , or some advice or something from that psychoanalyst ... there be some hard fact here . silence . BEN ( cont 'd ) it 's the law of the land ... the government , the world , that two guy on the yankee ... and I be not have any fun at it , I can tell you that . I be not ... int . den . night Wendy put the volume of the tv up , to drow out a conversation she can almost overhear but do not want to . int . kitchen . night . cont 'd elena oh lord . you think I be so dense . and now you want to be see with you dense wife at the cocktail party . you want to wear that ridiculous shirt which do not go with that pants at all . you want to wear that , and you want I to shake hand with you friend and make conversation and dress up in a outfit that show a lot of cleavage and you be not go to accord I the respect of talk honestly about this ... you do not really know what this feel like . BEN ( whisper ) sure I do . do I know what loneliness feel like ? sure I do . I know a lot about it , if that 's what you mean . elena Benjamin . that 's suppose to explain it ? seemingly tired , he stand before she . silence . Elena sigh , then walk into the de . int . den . night elena we be go to the halford 's . the number 's on the calendar in the kitchen . we should be home around 11 . wendy ( eye still glue to the tv ) be it a big party ? a big neighborhood party ? elena I suppose . why ? wendy just curious . if there 's a problem , I guess I will just call you there to interrupt . elena what sort of problem be you plan exactly ? Elena kiss the top of she head . wendy ( still watch the tv ) oh I think I would steal the station wagon , drive up to a commune . or set the house on fire . you know . elena just bundle up . it 's suppose to freeze tonight . we will see you in the morning . ext . hood house . night Elena and Ben emerge from the house , and look up at a darken , forebode sky . a light rain fall . they jog toward they car . int / ext . hood car . night the car move slowly through the rainy suburban street . Inside , Elena and Ben do not speak . ext . halford house . night they firebird pull up . there be already many other car park on the lawn and driveway . int . halford foyer . night Hood and Elena enter . dot halford accost they . dot Ben , Elena . wonderful ! wonderful ! so wonderful to see you . finish the last of a celery canoe , she kiss the air next to Ben 's ear and give Elena a manic hug . then , pick up a white salad bowl from the hall table : dot ( cont 'd ) would you care to play ? New this year . Close on : the bowl full of key . dot ( cont 'd ) strictly volunteer , of course . you can put you coat in the library if you like . elena oh , damn . uh , I have leave the -- BEN you have ... elena in the car . BEN oh , yeah . yeah , we will be right back , dot . int . / ext . car . cont 'd Ben and Elena climb back in the car and close the door , shiver . elena this just be not the best moment for this . BEN I know , I know . I have no idea -- elena that this be go to be a key party ? BEN yeah , well , if we would understand we could have invent some kind of excuse . a key party -- do you see how stuff that bowl be already ? elena well ? BEN I think we be here and we do not have to stay -- we ought simply to put in a appearance and then we can head home . elena damn it , Ben -- BEN I be not stay at this party so we can go home with someone else 's wife . that 's not why we be here , right ? we be simply be neighbor here , and I think we should do just that -- elena you be not go to -- BEN I be not . elena you have some marker , that 's what I think , if you want to know the truth . you have some marker and you be go to put it on the house key so that janey can find they and then when I get back to the house I will find the two of you in there and Wendy will be able to hear you and Paul will be back and he will hear you and I will catch you , that 's what I think . she will be swear and bang against the wall and I will catch -- BEN Elena . she rub she eye . BEN ( cont 'd ) Elena , it 's not what you think . it 's not a big plot . honestly . honestly . I do not know if you want to go over this now , but it 's just something that come over I . I do not feel good about it . I know I have do what I do not want to do . I do not know -- elena well , I be really pleased to hear a confession . BEN Elena , you be just get wound up to get wound up . elena thanks for the diagnosis , Ben . thank you . so let 's just go to this fiasco if that 's what you want to do . let 's just go on in . I would rather talk to anyone else but you . she pull the key out of the ignition , get out of the car , and slam the door . he follow she . int . halford foyer . night elena oh , dot ! Elena , enter the house again , toss the key at dot halford , who look surprised . Hood slide in behind he wife . dot drop the key into the bowl . slow-motion , close up : the key , on they equine chain , fall in with a thunderous crash . int . halford live room . cont 'd the room be crowded with nervous , expectant couple and various grouping . Elena slip into a side room . Benjamin head over immediately to the drink table and pour a stiff one , turn around to find at he elbow none other than George Clair . GEORGE benjie ! BEN Clair , George Clair ! what the hell bring you to New canaan ? GEORGE well , it 's the funniest thing . I have be talk to some investor -- a little outside venture , you understand , between you and I -- about a scheme to manufacture a new styrofoam package . Little peanut like piece that can really keep a item free from trauma during shipping . miraculous . anyway , it turn out the genius behind the whole project be you neighbor , Jim Williams . how about that ! BEN well , hey , be not that a one - in - a million coincidence . a real dreamer , Jim Williams , eh ? GEORGE darn right . look here , benj , whaddya make of this sequel to the godfather ? you think it 's gonna work ? BEN do not see how . I think the public 's have its fill of this gangster stuff . no , trust I -- disaster pic . and air hockey . GEORGE yeah , good . Benjamin catch a glimpse of janey , voluptuously attire , across the room . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) well , gonna make a break for the hor d'oeuvre guy . BEN yeah , see you bright and early Monday be . ( beat ) say , where 's the wife ? GEORGE ( winking as he go ) in rhode Island with the folk . I be a free agent tonight . at this , they both notice Elena slowly glide across the other side of the room . Clair give Ben a sideways glance , then move on . Ben make straight for janey , who pretend to be preoccupy with a plant . janey oh jeez , benjie . well , here you be . BEN damn right , but where the hell be you ? janey ( look around ) what be you talk about ? BEN ( whisper , but too loudly ) do not bullshit I around , janey . Jesus Christ , I wait around for more than half a hour , in nothing but my boxer short , and -- and what 's all that about ? what the hell happen ? janey take a sip of she drink . janey a prior engagement overcame I . BEN what ? janey listen , Benjamin Hood . I have obligation that precede you ... from before you show up . one or two , you know , good - nature encounter , that do not mean I be ... I be not just some toy for you . when I remember some chore I want to get do before the party , I just do they , that 's all , because I want to do they before I see Jimmy . BEN Jimmy ? Jimmy ? I do not know how to take this . and what do you mean , Jimmy ? I think you say you and you husband -- janey how you take it be not all that interesting to I , Benjamin . I be sorry -- BEN I just can not believe you could be so -- stall , he watch she take another sip of she drink and wander off . the air be fill with talk of watergate , billie Jean King , the oil crisis , the Met . Benjamin go over to the couch , where Dave Gorman be chat up a attractive young woman . gorman ( lighting up a joint ) welcome to the monkey House have be a seminal influence on I -- hey Benjamin -- give it a try ? this stuff will make some sense out of that larger question . BEN ( wave it away ) thanks for the advice Dave . but then , Benjamin change he mind . BEN ( cont 'd ) uh , well , what the hey ... take the joint , he tug on it , hold the smoke in he lung . BEN ( cont 'd ) ( cough ) good shit . gorman sure be good shit . it 's opiate . I have it in my chamber for a while . I be smoking this other -- BEN it 's what ? gorman do not fret , benjie , it 's -- BEN darn it , Dave . he rise unsteadily , weaving through the room 's conversation . jack moellering take California . they have get they own airline in - state that 's not subject to the fare control . compare Sacramento to L.A. on the control airline and you will see what friedman be say -- supply and demand , less restriction . Benjamin walk over to a window . the outdoor lamp illuminate a new and heavy downpour of freeze sleet . int . conrail train . night Paul be seat , read the latest number of the fantastic four comic book . the cover display a lurid , atomically glow baby . the conductor walk through the cabin . conductor approach we final stop , Grand Central Station . Paul look out the window at the tenement of harlem , barely visible through the wall of sleet . soon the train enter the tunnel toward the station . ext . park avenue apartment build . night Paul get out of a cab and head inside . he 's meet by the doorman . paul libbet casey , please . doorman you name ? paul Paul Hood . doorman ( a smirk ) Elevator on the right . eighth floor -- she 's wait for you . int . hall in front of libbet ' apartment door . night Paul ring the bell . libbet ( o.s. ) ( from the other side of the door ) open it Paul ! Paul open the door , and enter the apartment . int . libbet ' apartment . night it 's half dark , have a air of old wealth . libbet skid across the parquet floor to he . libbet excellent . we be wait ! she turn and run into the de . paul ( under he breath ) we ? and there , in the de , clean a ounce of dope on a open copy of Nixon 's six crise , be -- Francis . francis ( lift the book up ) you oughtta read this Hood , Nixon , we leader , all ye need know about the travail of life . check out the checker speech stuff . paul ( all hope drain from he ) Francis . you gonna leave the seed in there ? in the bind like that ? francis all will be reveal , baby . the television be turn on to a weather report about the come ice storm . francis ( cont 'd ) awesome sleet and rain . libbet Major . francis howdy there . you , young knight . can you check on the mead ? can you sally forth and secure we some more mead ? paul huh ? francis ( nasal voice , impersonate a tv character ) moisture ! moisture ! libbet ( point ) beer . in the pantry . Paul trudge disconsolately out of the room . int . libbet kitchen . night Paul , after wander a maze of hall , enter the kitchen , where he take a six - pack out of the fridge and return to the live room . int . libbet live room . night he enter the room with the beer . libbet frankie open they with he tooth . paul ( hand he a beer ) hey , it 's a sellable skill . Francis lick close a second joint , then take the beer and open it with he rear molar . francis Hell on the filling . Paul open the other two beer and hand one to libbet . they light up a joint . francis everything 's gonna freeze , the big freeze . libbet yeah , Paul , be you gonna get home okay ? Paul and Francis exchange a look . she put a allman Brothers tape on the 8 - track and turn the tv down . int . hood bathroom . day Wendy enter the bathroom . she fill the sink with water , then turn off the tap . she take a razor blade from the counter , and slowly , determinedly , hold it to she wrist . she press it into she skin , draw a small drop of blood . wendy ouch ! she drop the blade and splashes water on she wrist , grab some toilet paper and hold it against the tiny wound . wendy stupid . she hear the phone ring and walk downstairs . int . hood den . night Wendy pick up the phone . wendy Hood residence . int . william kitchen . night mikey be on the other end of the line . mikey you be parent at that party ? intercut : wendy yeah . your ? mikey you get in trouble ? wendy maybe . can not really tell yet . mikey I be sorry if I get you into trouble . maybe we do not have to , you know ... unless you really want to . wendy yeah . mike I be go to Silver meadow , check out the ice storm ... you wanna come . wendy maybe . mike yeah . ok . int . william house . night mikey , bundle up in a huge orange ski parka and cap , head for the door . sandy where you go ? mikey out . sandy it 's freezing . mikey ( pause ) yeah . when it freeze , I guess that mean the molecule be not move . so when you breathe , there 's nothing in the air , you know , to breathe in to you body . the molecule have stop . so it 's clean . Sandy just look at he . he walk out into the night . int . halford 's. night Elena sit on a couch , talk to no one , barely look up , when someone stand in front of she . elena reverend Edwards . philip perhaps you might find it in you heart to call I Philip ? he sit beside she . elena you be here ... I be a bit surprised . philip sometimes the shepherd need the company of the sheep . elena I be go to try hard not to understand the implication of that simile . Philip 's about to reply , but think better of it . they sit glumly next to each other for a minute . then Philip rise . philip forgive I . he walk swiftly to the hall and hurriedly fish he key out of the bowl , then head for the door . ted franklin ( pass by ) I hope that be not my key . he laugh at he own joke as Philip rush out the front door . back to Elena , even more forlorn than before . int . libbet apartment bathroom . night Paul enter the bathroom . we hear Francis ' and libbet ' voice from the other room , laugh . he pee . at the sink , he pause in front of the medicine cabinet , then open it . paul Eureka . he pull out some bottle . paul valium . seconal . uh , ( can not quite pronounce this one ) par-er-goric ? ( a beat , look into the mirror for effect ) Francis Chamberlain davenport the fourth -- tonight you sleep the sleep of the just . he pocket the seconal and turn out the light . int . libbet apartment den . night Paul re-enter the de to find Francis alone . paul and whence have yon virginal maiden abscond ? francis like into one of the other 20 or so bathroom they have get in this place . Paul take out the bottle and open it . paul check it out . not for the faint of heart . francis pharmaceutical ! you be a god . paul ( cont 'd ) ( pick up beer , try to hurry before libbet return ) one for you and one for I . he hand a pill to Francis , then pretend to pop one into he mouth and take a swig of he beer . as Francis downs he own , Paul pocket he unswallow pill . libbet ( in the doorway ) no candy for I ? francis groovy . ( to Paul ) Young master of the revel , a treat for we hostess ? paul well , uh , I do not , it 's really -- libbet what be it ? francis come on paulie , share the wealth . you cop them from she mom 's stash anyway . libbet let 's see ! paul ( hand in pocket ) libbet , you really should not mix and match , you know with the beer . I will put them back . libbet reach into he pocket and pull out the bottle . libbet oh far out , paulie . hey look , this expire like five month ago . you think they be better age ? she open up the bottle and take one out . paul maybe you should have just a half . libbet thanks for the advice dad . she take the pill . Paul look on , thwart . int . halford 's. night Ben be back at the bar , pour another tall one . Mark boland sidle up next to he . boland benjie , feel no pain . BEN as the indian say go , pain be merely a opinion . boland ( nodd across the room ) hey -- check it out . Maria conrad 's bring she son . ( walk off ) I wish some of the gang have bring they daughter ! Ben feel a wave of distaste at the joke . he look across the room as Maria and she son Neil ( stringy hair , acne , tie -dy turtleneck , patch jeans ) be engage janey and Philip Edwards in conversation . int . libbet ' apartment . night Paul , Francis , and libbet sit on the floor , listen to the music blast at full strength . libbet and Francis be obviously on the verge of unconsciousness . Paul regards they with a look of apprehension on he face . int . halford 's. night Neil have now cornere janey . neil as Werner say , there be nothing to get . that 's it . when you get that there 's nothing to get . that 's the training , when you ask yourself , the question , " what be be ? " janey wait , this be the training , where they do not let you go to the bathroom ? neil that be the hardest part . but I do it . and you get into some far out shit . int . libbet ' apartment . night libbet put a blanket over a sleep Francis , who 's crash out on the floor in a corner . Francis alternate between snore and various mumble delirious raving . francis the foot ... the foot ... toeclipper man ... Paul be sit on the couch , and libbet come back and sit at he foot , face up to he . paul I guess he 's just real exhaust from , you know , test and stuff . libbet be herself somewhat in dreamland . libbet yeah . paul you know libbet , I really feel , you know , like a real connection to you -- libbet yeah but you do not even know I really . paul sure I do , you know , like you aura . that you give off . libbet my what ? paul it 's like very positive , and I feel a real special feel , because you really -- libbet and I have a special feel too , because I do . it 's special . paul you do ? I be glad . because I feel for you -- libbet and I have a feel for you too , because you be just like -- I feel for you like you be -- you be just like -- paul and libbet ( simultaneously ) -- like a brother . paul yeah , you be not alone with that line . libbet I do . paul right . cool . so , how about we take a bath together ? libbet ( consciousness fade fast ) hah hah you be funny . a bath . like a brother and sister . oh man , I be so waste . her head bob and weave , she eye close , and suddenly she head fall forward with a whoosh toward the couch -- smack dab between Paul 's leg . she begin to snore instantly , she open mouth nuzzling into he crotch . Paul do not move , do not even breathe . then , slowly , he lean he back into the couch , without shifting the rest of he body . he look as though he have simultaneously win the lottery and receive a lobotomy . int . halford 's. night the crowd 's a bit thin than before . as dot halford begin call out for everyone 's attention , a few couple make they last - minute way to the door . dot ok everyone . we have a little business to attend to now . so everyone who would like to stay , please gather in the live room . she scoops up the bowl and place it on a high end table which have be put in the middle of the room . BEN ( walk up to Elena ) ready to go ? elena we be not go anywhere . Elena wave at janey Williams , who be stand across the live room . janey look back without expression . int . libbet ' apartment . night libbet and Paul in the same position whence last we see they . Paul delicately lean to one side of the couch and pick up a phone . he dial a number . intercut : int . hood live room . night the phone ring . Wendy pick it up . wendy Hood residence . paul ( whisper ) Charles , what time be it ? wendy be this Charles ? paul what time be it ? wendy um , ten -o-five . why ? where be you ? paul I be , uh , in the midst of a moral dilemma . and I be wonder , because I know you be a very moral person , and -- wendy and ? paul shit . I can not really talk about it . I guess I better get to the train . wendy right . paul what be you do at home on a Friday night ? wendy I have plan . Paul hang up the phone and look down at libbet . libbet ' allman Brothers tape have run out . the machine make a repeat click sound as the take up real continue to circle . the only other sound be the noise of the wind and rain lash against the apartment 's window . ext . hood house . night Wendy emerge from the house and get on she bike , but the ice make it too slippery . the storm be now in full swing . she get off and walk . ext . STREET . night Wendy walk , barely keep she balance in the wind . int . halford' night all the couple be now gather for the key selection process , man on one side of the room , woman on the other . the storm can be hear outside . dot well , what shall the order be , alphabetical ? in order of appearance ? pierce sawyer golf handicap ! lowest handicap do the honors . nervous laughter . dot golf handicap ? lady , be not it up to you ? maria conrad oh I will go first , damn it . let 's just line up and get it over with . Maria choose Stephen earle . hand the key to he . a smatter of applause as she take he arm and they leave . marie earle good luck ! Neil watch he mother 's exit . jump CUT to : a few more coupling . jump CUT to : helen worthington approach the bowl . helen worthington have the size and shape of a sumo wrestler . there be a nervous shifting of weight on the male side of the room . helen delicately reach into the bowl . her hand emerge with a key chain . George Clair step forward , obviously depressed , as a collective sigh of relief go up from behind he . Ben look on , momentarily triumphant . Elena smile to herself . jump CUT to : the gadd choose each other . mrs . gadd oh , my own husband . be not that against the rule ? dot try again ? mrs. gadd ( relieved ) oh , I think not . Mr. gadd smile as they leave , obviously happy to go . finally , only Mark boland , Neil conrad , janey and Jim Williams , Rob and dot halford , sari steele , Benjamin and Elena . dot get down to the wire ! Elena step forward . Benjamin be obviously agitate . Close on janey 's hand select -- away from Ben 's equine key ring . she lift up another key ring -- Neil conrad , the teenager . she hand the self- important - look Neil he key and they turn to go . Jim Williams smile mysteriously to himself . Ben suddenly lurch forward , semi-drunkenly , try to separate Neil from janey . the group ( ad lib ) hey hey Ben , hang on there a sec . he back off , ashamed , and , take a step backwards , trip over the coffee table . Mark boland help lift he up . BEN sorry ... maybe I should ... the bathroom ? dot right down the hall , Ben . BEN ( mutter ) sorry , I be sorry . uh , I will be back . dot follow Mark boland down the hall behind Ben . suddenly , it 's just Elena and Jim Williams , and sari steele and Rob halford . rob halford ( take sari 's arm ) actually , we do not put we key in at all . but you will not spread it around ? it 's my party , and dot be not ... hey , we be just go to slip upstairs for a while . you folk like a cup of coffee or something before we go ? Elena and Jim look at each other . elena Rob , we will fix it for ourselves . you two go and get acquainted . we will let ourselves out the front door . Jim and Elena stand there alone . jim well , I have to say I do not have much faith that my car key be still in that bowl . do not seem entirely safe , leave you car key around ? elena let I . she take the bowl and dip she hand in . two set be leave . one , she own , she avoid . she take out Jim 's key and walk across the room , hand they to he . jim thanks , but -- oh , I do not think so . it 's be kind of a discouraging evening . elena you could not have hope for much better when you come up the walk . jim somehow it be different in my imagination when I think about it . actually , I do not think about it at all , really . they sit down on the sofa . jim you want coffee or something ? elena well , maybe they have one of that filter job in the kitchen -- jim look , Elena , the fact that we be neighbor ... you know , close friend , well it sort of make this a little strange , do not you think ? elena my husband be probably pass out in the bathroom , or at least he wish he be . I have be marry to he for 17 year and I do not have any intention of go in there to get he ... so what I be propose be that since you wife have go off with a boy , and since you be stand here alone , I be propose that you and I do what make sense . stay warm . pass some time . that 's all . they both look at they hand . elena now do not make I feel as if I be be too forward , ok ? if you do not -- jim what the hey . let 's go for a drive . elena okay . shall we clean up around here first ? do you think it 's all right -- jim Nah , that be not in the contract . but they still walk around turn off light . in the hallway , Elena look a bit mournfully at the light seeping from underneath the bathroom door . she hear the sound of run water from inside . then she go into a sideroom and join Jim . they pick up they coat . ext . halford house . night Elena and Jim walk outside into the freezing , pelting rain . cover they face , they jog to he car , a oversize cadillac . a thick glaze of ice form on he windshield . int . jim' cadillac . night they climb in . jim we be go to have to defrost this thing for a while . he turn on the ignition , and the vent start to blow cold air at they . he lean over and kiss she . elena do this seat go back ? that start it . he jump at she , unbuckle she and unzipping himself . they tangle uncomfortably for a few second . and then , comically , he 's in she . with a groan , it 's over in a flash . Jim pull himself off , readjust he pants . jim that be awful , really awful . I be so sorry , Elena . Elena have somehow work herself into the cavity of the glove compartment , and be try to figure out how to extricate herself . jim thing be really rotten at home . you would not believe how rotten . janey 's sick . she 's unstable , I guess ... it 's not the right time to tell you ... but that 's it -- it 's like I can not make she happy , the boy can not make she happy , she just do not -- elena Jim , maybe we should just go . I have get to look in on the kid . Paul be suppose to be come back in from the city . jim Jesus , let I make it up to you -- I can do better than that , honestly -- elena well , we can talk about it . jim that 's fine . I would not expect you to see it any other way . elena maybe you just need -- look , can you wait here a sec , I need to tidy up -- just a minute , I will be right back . you will wait ? jim of course . she open the door and walk back to the house . int . halford 's. cont 'd Elena hesitantly walk to the bathroom . she open the door . Ben 's sit on the floor , next to the toilet , woozily flipping through the page of a magazine . BEN Elena . elena Ben , I have get a ride home . maybe you should sleep this one off on the couch here ? BEN I will drive you -- elena ben. she sit on the toilet next to he , stroking he hair . elena ( cont 'd ) you be in no condition to drive . we will talk in the morning , ok ? he sit , accept and quiet . elena ( cont 'd ) you will get some sleep on the couch out there ? BEN ( look up at she , with gratitude ) sure . I will try . and we will talk in the morning ? elena we will talk in the morning . ext . william house . night Wendy walk up the drive in the rain , pause , then go to the front door and knock lightly . the door swing ajar . she push on it , and let herself in . int . william house . night wendy anyone home ? hello . Wendy wander into the live room , then climb the step . the sound of the wind and the darkness begin to scare she . she go into mikey 's room -- it 's even more of a disaster zone than usual . she see on the wall he dark - light poster of the 12 ( sexual ) position of the zodiac . she notice the black garter belt on the floor , and pick it up , absentmindedly swinging it in she hand as she walk out of the room . she walk back down the stair and into the kitchen , leave the garter belt on the counter . she open the refrigerator , grab a jar of peanut butter , and scoops some up in she finger . as she put she finger in she mouth -- sandy Wendy . she give out a little yelp . wendy Sandy , you scared the shit out of I . sandy what be you do ? wendy just think I would stop by . sandy Mike 's out -- I think he go to Silver meadow to see if you be hang around there . wendy yeah . sandy ( pause ) be you he girlfriend ? wendy no. int . jim' cadillac . night Elena get in . they drive off silently . ext . street . night the car move haltingly through the sleet and ice , inch up a hill , then falter and slide back silently , circle a couple of time before crash into a embankment . int . car . night as the car slide and crash amid Jim 's and Elena 's scream . silence . jim you okay ? elena yeah . you ? jim yes . well , I guess we can walk from here . ext . car . night Jim and Elena get out , shaky , from the car . they pause for a moment . the street lamp above they sizzle , but stay on . they start to walk . int . libbet ' apartment . night Paul and libbet , still freeze in the same position . finally , Paul gently push libbet ' head back . it slide off he leg and , as Paul lurch forward in a fail attempt to grab it , libbet flop backwards , she head hit the carpet with a dull but decidedly loud thump . paul oh shit ! Paul get up , look down at she . she snore . he run over to a side table and see the clock : 11:10 . paul ( cont 'd ) oh shit oh shit . he grab he comic book and run for the door . int . taxi . night the driver impassively inch down Park Avenue . paul oh shit oh shit . c'mon ! int . grand central station platform . night Paul sprint down the platform just as the door be close . he barely make it into the train . int . train . night Paul walk through the nearly empty train car and find a seat . he pull he fantastic four comic book out of he coat pocket . int . halford kitchen . night Ben make he way to the kitchen , pour himself a cup of coffee . he see himself reflect in the black glass of the cabinet . int . sandy'' room . night Sandy and Wendy be sit on the floor . he grab he g.i. Joe . sandy check this out . he 's suppose to talk all kind of stuff , but he 's like malfunction . he pull the dog tag on the doll , and g.i . Joe emit a plastic macho voice . g.i. joe mayday ! mayday ! get this message back to base ! sandy same thing . again and again . Wendy take the doll and yank the cord . g.i. joe mayday ! mayday ! get this message back to base ! sandy it 's gonna get a lot colder tonight , I predict . probably a blackout . do you have candle in you house ? I know where the candle be , and I have my own flashlight . over there . also , I know where every emergency exit be on this floor . during the course of he monologue , as Wendy look on , Sandy calmly tie a noose for he doll . sandy this knot 's call a bowline . he put the noose over the doll 's head , as Wendy hold he . g.i. joe mayday ! mayday ! sandy let 's hang he . Sandy drape the noose over the edge of a dresser drawer . g.i. Joe dangle . they both look at he in silence . the silence continue . wendy he 's dead . sandy if it be not raining we could take he outside and blow he up . wendy he would not blow up . he would just get all mangle or twisted . she take he down and lay he flat on the bed . and then begin to remove he clothes . Sandy look on , desirous . wendy well . ( notice he lack of anatomy ) it look like someone get to he private part before we . sandy Communist viet cong . wendy they leave it in the jungle . they speak with high seriousness . Wendy slide up on the bed where Sandy sit , a pillow on he lap , and one by one , with exaggerated slowness , she remove she snowboot , as if they be stiletto heel . wendy can I get into you bed ? ( pause ) with you ? Sandy begin to shake . sandy we -- we have to go to the guest room . we can not stay in here . what if mikey ? my parent ? wendy do not worry about they . they're at that party , get drunk and fall all over each other and make joke about mcgovern and stuff . Sandy begin to cry . sandy it 's just -- it 's just -- she take he hand , and they walk out of the room and down the hall , into the guest room . int . guest room . night Wendy and Sandy enter . she see the vodka bottle on the dresser . wendy want a drink ? sandy vodka ? wendy you never taste the stuff ? she fill the glass to the brim and hand the bottle to Sandy . they clink and each toss back a sip -- Wendy almost the entire glass . Sandy cough and gag , but swallow . wendy try again . he do . sandy it feel warm . wendy one more shot ? sandy okay . they drink . wendy under the cover . under they go , and soon every layer of clothing emerge . wendy ( feel she way ) get them off . Sandy begin to laugh , and soon Wendy join he . they roll around on top of each other for a while . wendy have you ever have a nocturnal emission ? sandy huh ? wendy that 's the name for when you wake up and find this little pool of sticky stuff , like after a sexy dream . Sandy shake he head . wendy they do not tell you this stuff yet ? what planet do you live on ? Sandy do not answer , but climb back on top of she and kiss she neck . sandy I love you . wendy that 's nice . be you drunk ? sandy I do not know . how do I know ? wendy I do not know either . you spin around , when you lie down . Sandy roll off she and lie on he back . sandy ( cont 'd ) I do not think I be spin . they cuddle up together . he yawn . she yawn . ext . silver meadow . night mikey walk along the edge of the empty pool in the rain . he climb up on the diving board and bounce lightly on it , but then get off and stand , look down at the pool again . ext . silver meadow . night mikey walk across the field . ext . STREET . night the storm have let up . mikey walk along . with a run start , he slide on the ice down a hill . he walk back up and slide again , holler with joy . he be a image of a tiny yet absolute and positive freedom . the streetlight sputter on , then off . int . william guest room . night Sandy and Wendy lie asleep . ext . STREET . night a power line be down . it hiss and hum -- a hum very much like the hum mikey have be hearing earlier . the hum take on the same transcendent tonality to which mikey have become so accustom at such moment . mikey sit down on a metal street guardrail , to ponder the sound and the snake coil of electricity . a strange look of almost religious wonder overcome he face , as the power line connect to the guardrail . mikey oh shit . glue by a electrical pulse to the rail , he shake as the current flow through he . after a minute , he body slump and slide down the road . int . train . night as Paul sit read on he move train , the light inside begin to sputter , and the train begin to slow . after a few moment , the train grind to a halt , and Paul and he few fellow late night passenger be leave in near total dark , with only the light of a emergency exit sign above Paul 's head to light the scene . the train be eerily silent . ext . hood car . night Ben drive home . ext . STREET . night a emergency vehicle , light flash , crawl by Ben 's car . he drive on slowly . ext . STREET in front of william house . pre-dawn Jim and Elena arrive on foot . jim you want to come in , get a cup of coffee -- warm up ? I can either walk you home , or you could crash in the guest room . elena sure . maybe coffee . int . william kitchen . pre-dawn jim phone 's out . I hope the pipe 's -- he walk into the kitchen . the pipe have begin to burst . there 's a water leak run down the wall , form a puddle on the floor . Elena have walk into the kitchen behind he . she lean against the counter , pick up the garter belt without think for a second , then put it back down . jim oh well . why do not you put on some dry sock -- and we have get some rain boot in the guest closet back there . last room upstairs -- back of the hall . Elena climb the stair in she bare foot . int . william guest room . cont 'd Elena open the door , and discover Wendy and Sandy asleep . she stand before the bed , and gaze down on they . they look almost angelic . Wendy , sense she presence in the room , open she eye , slowly come out of sleep . elena ( heartbroken , softly ) get dress . Elena walk out of the room , back to the kitchen . Wendy get out of bed quietly , leave Sandy sleep peacefully . she look at he lovingly , and tuck the blanket back up around he . int . william kitchen . dawn Elena and Jim be drink coffee . elena you should let he sleep . Wendy enter . she look inquisitively at the two adult . wendy where 's dad ? int . hood car . dawn Ben continue to drive slowly . he look out he side window , and see something . he put on he brake . ext . STREET . dawn Ben get out of the car , and stand on the top of a icy embankment . in a clump of bush be the orange glow of a parka . he walk hesitantly toward it . Mike 's body lie face down in the wet ice . Ben lean down and turn the body over , then stand back in amazement and sadden shock . he stand there for a moment , then pick Mike 's body up , carry he over the hill and onto the street . we see now that he be park just a short block from the Williams 's house . he bypass he car and walk directly down the street toward the house . the effort be obviously enormous . he fall from time to time , then get back up . int . train . pre-dawn various passenger asleep . Paul , hunch up in he seat under the faint emergency exit light , cold . he read he comic book by the light of the emergency exit . " don 't you see , sue ? he be too powerful ... if he ENERGY have continued to build , he would have destroyed the world ! " suddenly , the light begin to flicker on and the hum of the train 's engine return . the conductor enter the car , blast forth in he classic nasal train conductor voice . conductor good morning lady and gentleman -- on Paul , squinting in the harsh light . ext . train bridge . pre-dawn the train move slowly through a suburban , semi-forested landscape . on the street below the bridge , a emergency highway crew be remove a fall tree , they truck aglow in flash yellow light . int . william kitchen . dawn Elena pour Wendy a cup of coffee . they be both in they coat . wendy I do not like coffee . elena it will warm you up . Elena sit next to she . they both raise they cup and sip the coffee , not notice the simultaneity of they movement . int . guest room . dawn Jim watch the sleep Sandy , pick up the half - empty bottle of vodka , pour himself a drink . the noise wake Sandy up . Jim sit down on the bed at he foot and take a sip . sandy dad ? Jim look at he . int . kitchen . dawn Elena and Wendy hear a holler from outside , get up to see what it be . ext . william house . dawn Elena and Wendy come out the front door , as Ben lay mikey 's body onto the ground before the front step . elena Ben ? he 's too breathless to speak . they stand there , look down at mikey . behind Elena and Wendy , Jim appear . he push softly by they toward the body of he son . BEN Jim -- he be just up -- in Silver Lane -- I think maybe -- a power line -- Jim pick up he son . he carry he silently into the house . Sandy , now stand inside the foyer , push himself back against the wall as they pass , without expression . after a moment , from outside , the hoods can hear Jim 's wail . BEN do you think ? maybe we should call someone -- elena the phone 's out . BEN ( cont 'd ) yeah . well , we can just -- elena Ben , I do not think he want we here . Wendy have be watch Sandy through the screen door . wendy wait , I -- she turn back up the front step and gently go in -- int . william live room . cont 'd on the live room floor , Jim be hugging Mike 's body , he shoulder shaking uncontrollably , sobbing . Wendy walk and stand next to Sandy , who be fill momentarily with a brief inexplicable rush of anger toward she -- but she take he and give he a awkward , childlike hug , then turn and run out the door , join Ben and Elena on the driveway . Sandy watch she go , he face wet with tear . ext . william house . cont 'd elena oh you know , for a minute I think it be -- BEN Paul ? yeah . you think -- wendy he 's probably be wait all night at the station . BEN c'mon . ext . STREET . dawn Elena , Wendy , and Ben reach the car and get in . the car start and drive off . there be more crew out clean up the storm 's debris and fix the power line as they drive . ext . conrail station . early morning the train slowly pull in . the Hood family walk down to the end of the platform . the train door open , and Paul , tired and a bit cramped , emerge . he see he family gather at the other end of the platform , and walk to they . they stand , silent , even dignify , await he . when he join they they all walk silently to the car and get in . int . hood car . early morning sunlight flood in and temporarily blind Ben as he start the engine . he squint , he eye tear a bit from the light . he look around , first at he wife , then at he two child sit in the back seat . he turn off the engine . quietly , he begin to cry . he turn to the back seat . BEN there 's something -- you mother and I -- have to tell you two -- Elena put she hand out , almost touch he . elena ( softly ) ben. Paul look at Wendy , silently ask she what 's happen . she cast she eye downward , as do he . elena ( cont 'd ) ( she hand still not yet touch he ) ben. ext . station parking lot . morning from above : the car , the first morning light shine upon it . the end