the cocoanut sses " -~ S starri > arring the marx brother — eee property of '' ax lo universal CITY stupios oo universal CITY , california pf . or '. master oo the cocoanut — — ss eee — — — — — oooaaaeeeeeeeeee star the marx brother " de reel I ~ of the cocoanut anus star the marx brother seerreng the marx brother _ qpening ensemble on beach singing and dancing — — — — — SE dinging and dancing " florida " int . HOTEL do cocoanut ee locoanut bellboys we want to see you , Mr. Hammer . . hammer what 's the matter ? somebody pay they bill ? boy 's we want we money . hammer yes -- money -- you want you money ? boy we want to get pay . hammer oh -- you want my money ? be that fair ? do I want you money ? suppose George Washington 's soldier have ask for money ? where would this country be today ? boy but they do ask . . hammer and where 's Washington ? no , my friend -~ no ~- money will never make you happy -~ and happy will never make you money . that might be a wise crack , but I doubt it . boy we want we money ! hammer T will make you all a promise , if you will all stick with I and work hard , we will forget about money . let 's get together and we will make a@ regular hotel out of this place ! I will put write paper in the hotel and next year if you behave you - selve , we will have envelope . I be continued de reel I continued id hammer ( cont would ) go to put extra blanket in all you room -- free . there will be no cover charge . think -= think of the opportunity here in Florida . Three year ago I come to Florida without a nickel in my pocket . and now I have get a nickel in my pocket . eddie that 's all very well , Mr. Hammer , but we have not be pay in two week and we want we wage . hammer wage ? do you want to be wage slave ? answer I that ! . boy no ! hammer of course not . well , what make wage slave ? wage , I want you to be free . remember there 's no ~ thing like Liberty , except collier and the Saturday even Post . be free , my friend . one for . all and all for I -- I for you and three for five and six for a quarter ! jamison pardon I , a couple of telegram for you , Mr. Hammer . hammer there you see . Business be begin - ning to pick up already . now if you boy will only be calm -- ha ( read ) " we arrive this afternoon on the four-thirty . kindly reserve two floor and three ceiling , " they mast be mouse ! ( continue read ) " if we like you property , we will immediately buy . " see that — — thing be start we Way , al - ready . who be it from -- western Union and they have get a lot of money too . on the four-thirty , eh ? i'17 take a bus down myself , bellboy here 's another one , Mr. Hammer . continued dn reel I continued ~~ of N hammer say , we be go to be swamp , by tonight , we be go to turn away thousand of people . read " if there 1s another hotel in cocoanut Beach , cancel over be - servation . " I lmow itl it be too good , wait a minute ! ( continue read ) " p.s. aunt fanny have a elight - pound boy . can you come to the wedding ? " you see , everything be all right , boy -- everything be all.right . you be all invite to the wedding of aunt fanny 's eight - pound boy . . boy hooray ! hammer oh , but that will not be for a couple of year yet ! in the meantime , I want you to buck up -- get down to work , let 's put this thing over with a bang and above all -— forget about money . do not think of itl ! just forget about it , be - cause you will not get it anyway . boy ( dance ) hooray ! horray ! hooray ! hammer see that . I keep they dance for they money ! yeah , jamison , I be go down to meet the 4:15 . if I never get back , you will know I be still wait for the train , and in my absence , I be rely upon you to take good care of everything . jamison you can depend upon I , , hammer that 's fine . and think of I . jamison you bet I will . continued reel I continued hammer and if any guest come in -- take good care of they . and remember I will be back some day , keep a light burn in the window -. if you can find a window , good -bye , jamison , beach scene penelope hello , Bobby , why so downhearted ? Bob Adams cut you out with polly Potter ? harvey : I be not worried about a hotel clerk . . penelope no , but I will bet you be worried about the Potter million . you generally could use money in the old day --. harvey oh lay off that stuff . penelope ~~ you know marrying polly be the only way for you to square you debt , . harvey T can take care of myself . penelope I doubt it . suppose I have a little plan to take care of both of we . what do you mean ? penelope have you ever see that diamond necklace of Mrs. Potter 's ? harvey you bet I have . what 's that get to do with we ? penelope her room and mine be right next to each other . hers be three - eighteen ; mine three -twenty . the door between be unlock . continued reel I continued harvey well ? penelope she keep everything in a jewel case , lock up in she dresser . the key be always in she bag . that 's what you have get to get . - harvey it 's a large order , but maybe it san be do , suppose I invite Mrs , Potter and polly to take supper with I tonight ? penelope what then ? . harvey some time during the evening I might be able to get the key out of she bag . penelope now you be talk . that sound more like old time and now I will _ try and get rid of Bob Adams for you , end of reel one ap reel ii beach scene bob look , this be cocoanut manor . you know that hill ---? polly what a question . do I know that cun little hill ? bob it 's cun , all right . that 's why there have not be any develop - ment here , polly could not it be cut down ? bob no =- it 's too expensive . now , here 's what happen . John W. berryman be here to see it last month . you know berryman practi- cally make Palm Beach and Miami , but he say he would not touch this . now when a man like that pass a place up , no one want it , do you know anything about architecture ? polly no , but I would love to learn . bob well , I make a draw of the whole place , show it as a build up scheme , without cut down the hill , or have it get in the way . T make the hill fit in with the architectural scheme , see ? I send berryman a copy last week , and he Secretary write I a nice note say they be study my plan . polly that 's thrill ! do Mr. Hammer know about it ? bob I do . but if he take it , I will design the building . say , I may be a architect yet . polly if he only do , I be sure it will be the most beautiful place in the world . continued ap -reel it continued bob well , it would be if you livea there ? look , see what I have write ? Heaven for polly and I . polly that look great . when do I move in ? bob any day now . polly it 's a lovely @ream , Bob . let 's make it come true . song the sky be always blue , when my dream come true , and I will be smile through when my dream come true , that Spanish castle -- I build in my mind will be a love nest -- the practi - cal kind . and I will be there -- with you when my dream come true . bob ever since I meet you all that I seem to do be dream . polly wonderful dream -- Heaven 's before my eye -- when will I realize my dream -- wonderful dream -- the sky will all be blue when my dream come true , and I will be smile through , when my dream come true , that Spanish castle -- I build in my mind will be a love nest -- the practi - cal kind and I will be there -- with you when my dream come true . harvey will you look at that ? penelope I be look . continued , fm reel ii continued he exit , harvey well , it 's darn cute . I wonder who it can be . penelope let 's find out . bob then little Red Riding Hood say to the wolf -~ wolf-wolf-wolfwolf -wolf , hello . harvey how do you do , miss Potter . polly hello , harvey you mother be look for you , miss Potter ? polly . she generally be , and she generally find I . you know mother . thanks @ lot . it be a lovely story , Mr. Adams , I would like to hear the rest of it sometime , good -bye . penelope I wonder if I could hear it some ~ time . bob with pleasure . how about you , yate ? harvey no thanks . you know what happen to bad little boy who tell storey . bob certainly , they marry the beautiful princess . so long . but I 'il be there with you , when my dream come true . penelope Nice boy . the kind who usually get what he want , harvey not always . I might win out yet . continued ‘ge reel ii -continued penelope well -- miracle do happen . int . HOTEL lobby . mother well , polly , you have be out again with Mr. Adams , polly but only for a little while , mother . mother why a daughter of mine should fool around with a hotel clerk when she have the opportunity of marrying one of the Boston yate -- be more than I can understand . polly oh , who care , about the Boston yate ? anyway , Bob be not a clerk ; he 's a architect . he 's only elerk until he can get start . mother one who clerk , polly , 1s a clerk , and that settles it . and I want . you to remember that no Potter have ever be involved in a single scandal . polly how about uncle Dick ? mother polly , it 's a well know fact that you uncle be drunk at the time , ' and another thing , young lady , I be quite tired of you sit on the beach all hour of the night . int . lobby - at desk hammer hey ! hey ' why do not you try something for that insomnia ? you oughta cut out drink so much coffee . jamison I be sorry , sir , say , any luck with the 4:309 continued ge reel ii continued 10 hammer yes , it do not hit I , that 's the only luck I have with it , jamison Mr , Hammer , I think I know what 's wrong with the hotel . hammer I think I know too . you be fire . get you hat and my coat and get out . jamison maybe the season have not start yet . maybe the hotel have not open . do not worry , Mr. Hammer , in a few week you will be clean up . hammer yes , and make the bed ! go on , get out -- I can handle the rush myself , mrs . potter how do you do , sir ? hammer why do not you whistle at the cross - ing ? you be just the woman I be look for . and now whether you like it or not , I be go to tell you all about Florida real estate . it be the first time it have ever be mention here -- today . mrs . potter I be sorry , Mr. Hammer , but I be | afraid --- hammer do you know that property value have increase since 1929 one thousand per cent ? do you know that this be the biggest development since Sophie tucker ? De you know that Florida be the show spot of America and cocoanut manor the black spot of plorida ? mrs . potter you tell I about that yesterday . continued ge reel ii continued il hammer I know but I leave out a comma . look , in a little while I be go to hold a auction sale at cocoanut manor , the suburb terrible or beauti - ful . you must come over . there 's go to be entertainment , sand - wich , and the auction . if you do not like auction , we can play contract . here it be -- cocoanut manor -~ 42 hour from Times Square by railroad . 1600 mile as the crow fly and 1800 mile as the horse fly . there you be -~ cocoanut manor glorify the american sewer and the Florida sucker . it 's the most exclusive residential district in Florida . nobody life there . and the climate ~~ ask I about the climate , I dare you . . mrs . potter very well -- how be the --- hammer I be glad you bring it up . we motto be cocoanut Beach , no snow , no ice , and no business . do you know that Florida be the great state in the Union ? mrs . potter it 18 ? hammer take its climate -- no , we take that -- take its fruit -- take the alligator pear -- take all the alligator pear and keep ‘em -- see if I care . do you know how alligator pear be make ? mrs . potter have not the slight idea --- hammer there you be . that 's because you have never be a alligator , and do not let it happen again . do you know that it sometimes requre year ‘to bring the pear and the alligator together ? they do not like each other . continued ec reel ii continued 12 mrs . potter no . hammer no . do you know how many alligator pear be send out of this state every year and tell not to come back ? mrs . potter I do not think I do . hammer all they can get a hold of , Florida feed the nation but nobody feed I and that 's what I want to talk to you about . mrs . potter Mr. Hammer --~ hammer -- another thing , take we cattle raise . oh , I do not mean anything personal . but here be the ideal cattle raise section . we have long horn , short horn and the shoe horn . mrs . potter Mr. Hammer , will you let I say something , please .... hammer I hardly think s0 , and there 's something else I want to bring to you mind . where will you be when you be sixty - five ? that 's only about three month from now . mrs . potter if I be to buy , I should prefer some place like Palm Beach . hammer Palm Beach ? the Atlantic City of yesterday ? the slum of tomorrow ? do you know that the population of cocoanut Beach have double in the past week ? mrs . potter have it ? continued ge reel ii continued 13 hammer Three bulldog be bear and we be expect a nanny goat in the morning . mrs . potter I be sorry , but I be afraid I must be go . hammer aw , now , do not go . before you go , let I show you a sample of the sewer pipe we be go to lay . look at it . nobody could fool you on a sewer pipe , can they , a woman like you ? now this be a eight inch pipe . but of course , all property owner will be allow to vote on the size of they pipe . in case of a tie , it go to the Supreme Court , and I can give you a@ little inside information in advance . the chief justice be crazy about he type of sewer . here put it in you pocket -- see you later . mrs . potter Mr. Hammer , I can not use this . I go not want it . end of reel two mr reel iift 14 hammer hello . yes , ice water in 318 ? be that so ? where do you get it ? oh , you want some ? oh , that 's different . have you get any ice ? no , I have not . this be cocoanut Beach . no snow . no ice . get some onion , they will make you eye water . what ? you , too . jameson oh , Mr. Hammer , Mrs. Thompson want to know if you would reserve a table for she in a nice quiet spot . hammer yeh . a nice quiet spot , eh ? yeh . tell she she can eat in the lobby . say , we ought to dress this place up a bit , it look terrible . front. front. Front . here front . here front . here front . front. front. jameson , what 's become of we front ? be we all out of front ? I be go to fire some of this people ; give I the fire bell . hey you , stick around here ; now if any customer come in tie ‘em and brand them . look at he . he 's better dress than I be . chico hey. come on . come on . . hammer gentlemen , how . do you do ? come here . come here . what be you boy give I , the run around ? come over here . now , what do you want ? what do you want ? explain you business . : chico we send you telegram . hammer oh , you be the boy that send this telegram ? chico how do you do ? hammer that 's a coincidence . I use to send telegram myself . continued we mr reel III continued 15 guest how be you ? chico and how be you ? that 's all right . do not worry , hammer say , you can stay , but you will have to take that ground hog out of here . now what do you want ? explain you business . chico well , we want to make a reservash . hammer reservash ? chico yes . we want a room , but no bath . hammer oh , I see . you be just here for the winter . well step this way and I will see what I can do for you . ' chico all right . we stay for the summer , too . hammer I be sorry boy , but we get no vacancy . chico gota no vacancy ? hammer we get plenty of room . chico thatsa awright , we take a room . hammer you want a room ? chico all right , we take a vacancy . hammer Boy , take the gentleman 's baggage . hey , hey , do you know that suitcase be empty ? continued ph reel III continued 16 chico that 's all right . wetll fill it up before we leave . hammer oh , you will , eh ? well , you will empty it before I go out . step right this way boy . put on you moniker . this boy win the gold cigar . anybody else ? right this way . hey , hey , hey , do not throw that . that 's only for long distance . now then what do you want ? would you like a suite on the third floor ? chico no , I will take a polock in the base - '' ment . hammer : you will have to take that up with the commissary Department , that 's a entirely different propositon and I can not -.-~ : hammer here you be . let I help you here . I be sorry . I be sorry . the after - noon mail be not in yet . I can use you the first of the month . bellboy telegram for Mr. Hammer . hammer telegram ? just tell they I will send they the money in the morning . now then , what do you want ? what do you want ? do you want a single room ? . chico we would like to double up . hammer well , eat some green apple . what 's that ? you will have to talk louder . it can not hear you . if you will take you nose aut of that receiver , it will be okay . ha-ha-ha . funny feller you . hello . what 's that ? you want to know where you can get hold of Mrs. Potter . I do not know , she be awfully ticklish . now I be in a position gentleman ---- continued ph reel III continued 17 chico he 's hungry . hammer here , have one of this flower . they be buckwheat . pick out a nice one , now , I do not want you to get any the worst of this . I be so glad . now you boy will pardon I for a few minute . I have some very in - portant business to attend to . as a matter of face , I be go upstairs to get you partner a stomach pump . he need one . and I will be down in a few minute . and while I be go , do not forget -- register . chico hey , do not forget -- register . that 's all right . hello . hello . no , we get no room . we gotta nothing . we gotta no customer . all right . all right . I send you up some . all right . good-bye . bellboy do you ring sir ? bellboy do you ring sir ? bellboy do you ring sir ? harvey come on . all right then , but let 's be careful . penelope I will . harvey tell I how it be that the door between you room and Mrs. Potter 's be open ? penelope well , you see , I tell she that I trust she . harvey you trust she ? ( laughter ) penelope hey , stop that . continued ph reel III continued 18 chico come on , let 's dance . harvey come on , penelope , let 's get away from this bum . voice bum. bum. bum ! bum ! bum ! trala boom , etc . harvey I could kill that tramp . penelope wait a minute . do not kill they yet . I have get a idea . harvey about they ? - penelope umhuh . listen , when the necklace be find miss someone have get to be blame . why not they ? harvey gee , that 's not bad . but have you get anything definite ? penelope suppose I flirt with they and they come to my room . : harvey what then ? penelope I will complain to the management . then on the night the necklace disappear they be see near Mrs. Potter 's room . get it ? e harvey you bet . I get it . that 's a grand idea . penelope thanks , kind sir . well , I have get to run along now . see you later ? good-bye , continued ph reel III continued 19 chico hey , hey , what you do , eh ? all the time you eat . that 's no good . we gotta get the money . right now , I would do anything for money . I kill some - body for money . i~a - keel you for money . oh , no , you be my friend . I keel you for nothing . what do you laugh for ? you be in the hotel three hour and you no get something yet . what you steal ? a watch ? thatsa fine , gingersolla watch . thatsa fine . thats all you steal ? end of reel III reel iv 20 detective hey , I think I know you face , chico I give up , whose be it ? detective I '11 tell you in a minute . I bring some picture from head - quarter , let I see you face . your too . chico all right . all right . I make my own face . thisa way . no push . hey. come one . you start ! detective what be you guy fight for ? chico we no fight . that 's my friend . we play this way . detective wat be you do around here ? what 's you name ? I be pretty suspicious of you bird , now you listen to I , I have not anything on you yet , but I be go to keep watch . I have get you full record right here in ny pocket . there 's enough to send you up the minute you start anything . do you get I ? chico Wise guy ! Wise guy ! gotta start a fight when the detective come around , can not waita little , but you goota pusha , @irl hurry along , my dear , only a few minute to get to the train , can you tell I what 's the next train to Philadelphia ? chico there 's a train once a week and sometimes twice a day . girl thank you . chico that 's all right . continued chico a little tight . need something take out . that 's -- just what I need . thanks . penelope hello . chico how do you do ? penelope that 's a good lcoke coat you have on . chico you like it , eh ? penelope . do you know , you look like the _ Prince of Wale , chico better , . penelope where do you get that coat ? chico thatsa my coat . penelope that 's you coat ? chico that 's my coat . penelope . well , it do not fit you . chicco I kmow I have it make to order . penelope . tell I , what be you do tonight ? chico maybe you gotta good idea , eh? penelope well , do not you dare come to . 320 at 11 o'clock . chico all right , I come half past ten . continued mm reel iv 22 penelope ( to harpo ) do you see a handkerchief ? I think I drop one . well , it really do not matter because what I be really interested in be you . harpo toot he horn . penelope do anyone ever tell you that you look like the Prince of Wale ? ( nod yes ) that 's funny , I think it be a original idea of mine . tell I , do you know who I be ? do you know my room number ? well , I will be there at eleven o'clock tonight . HOTEL lobby , hammer do anyone ever tell you that you look like the Prince of Wale ? I do not mean the present Prince of Wale ; one of the old Wale , and believe I I say Wale , I mean Wale . I know a whale when I see one . do you say you room be three eighteen ? you know I be the proprietor of this hotel and I have a passkey for every room in it . mrs . potter passkey ? hammer passkey -- that 's Russian for pass ~- you know they passkey down the streetskey . wo not you like down ? aw , if we could find a little bungalow -- eh ? ' oh , of course , I know where we could find one , but maybe the people would not get out . but if we could find a nice little empty bungalow just for I and you , where we could bill and cow , no -- I mean we could bull and cow . mrs . potter do you know what you be try to say ? hammer '' yes , 1t be not what I be think of . what I mean be , if we have a nice continued mm reel iv 23 hammer ( cont would ) little bungalow and you be on the inside and I be on the outside try to get in and I inside rying to get out or . no - vou and inside out and I be upside ~- fray tell you , if you do not hear from I by next Friday , the whole thing 's off ! mrs , potter I do not think I understand . hammer I mean -- you eye -- you eye , they shine like the pants of a blue serge suit - mrs . potter what ? the very idea . that 's a insult . hammer that 's not a reflection on you -- it 's on the pants . what I mean be if we have a nice bungalow and I come home from work -- and you stand by the gate -- no -- you would come home from work -~ and I be stand by the gate , and we come down the path and we go inside and the shade be draw and the light be low , and then -- be you sure you husband 's dead ? mrs . potter why , yes . hammer there seem to be a trace of un - certainty in that " yes . " you know aye like that be once responsible for I jump out of a window and I be not the jumper I use to be . what I mean be , you be go to be here all winter and I be stick with the hotel anyhow -~ why do not you grab I until you can make ather arrangement ? mrs . potter my dear , Mr. Hammer , I shall never get marry before my daughter . hammer you do once ! oh , but I love you , I love you . can not you see how I be pine for you . continued * be reel iv continued 24 mrs , potter what in the world be the matter with you ? hammer oh , I be not myself tonight . I do not know who I be . one false move and I be yours . I love you , I love you anyhow , . . mrs. potter I do not think you would love I if I be poor . hammer I might , but I would keep my mouth shut , mrs , potter I will not stay here any longer and be insulted this way ! hammer _ no -- do not go away and leave I here alone . you stay here and T will go away . mrs . potter ~~ I do not know what to say . hammer oh say , that you will be truly mine , or truly yours , or yours truly . do not you know what I be --- mrs . potter will you keep you hand to yourself . hammer come on , I will play you one more game . come on the 3 af you . oh , can you come down a little bit . just think -- tonight , tonight when the moon be sneaking around the cloud I will be sneaking around you . i'1l meet you tonight under the moon . oh , I can see you now ~- you and the moon , you wear a neck - tie so I '11 kmow you . ( harp solo by harpo marx ) end of reel four ph reel V : 25 penelope's room penelope send up some ice water right away . that 's right . thank you . thank goodness . harvey . Close the door . penelope do you get the key ? harvey yes , it 's one of this . penelope oh , that 's fine , now , listen . we can not take any chance on this job . harvey how do you mean ? penelope there 's bound to be trouble when she miss the necklace . harvey well ? penelope we do not want it find on we . harvey I should say not . penelope we have get to play safe and hide it somewhere , for a while . harvey hide it ? penelope just for a few day . harvey yes -- but where ? penelope anywhere but in here . harvey hide 1t ? I know just the place . a hollow tree stump about a mile from here . will that do ? rr reel V continued 26 penelope Fine -- but how do I get there ? harvey it 's the cocoanut manor . you have be out there ? penelope I be not so sure , harvey . harvey here , I '11 show you . '' now you go right out éocoanut Road ; then there 's Augustine Road , like this -- but in - stead , you take the granada Road . suddenly you come to a clear with a fringe of tree around it . that 's cocoanut manor , where the stump be . it 's about twenty foot from the edge of the clear . that 's where you put the jewel . you can not miss it . now , you take the necklace right out there , see ? I have get to go back down stair , or Mrs. Potter will be suspicious . and be careful ! penelope I will -- cocoanut manor -- granada Road -~~- twenty foot from the clear - ing ~- everything 's go along swim - mingly now . chico do you remember I ? the Prince of Wale ? penelope why , yes , of course I do , but -- Mr. Hammer , how dare you come into my room ? hammer see here , 1f there 's go to be two people in this room , it will be fifty cent extra . chico do he go ? penelope who ? chico anybody . continued '' age rr reel V continued 27 '' penelope get out . oh , Prince -= how you frighten I . voice ha ha ha ha ha . hammer this hotel not only have run water ; it have run guest . chico you remember I ? Prince of Wale ? mrs . potter' room penelope who be it ? hammer I -- King of England . chico my father ! voice ha ha ha ha . penelope come in . boy Ice water . penelope put it there -- thank you . hammer " thank you ? " why do not you give be a dime ? mrs . potter come in . harpo , Lay down . mrs . potter well -- I never ! I should say not ! you get out of here ! get out ! hurry ! hurry ! my -- come in ! what be the continued : rr reel V continued 28 mrs . potter ( cont would ) matter with that man ? Mr. Hammer , what be you do in my room ? do not you dare take that coat off in this room ! hammer well -~ I be on --~ mrs . potter -- you get out of here as fast as you can go ! hammer I be only play , that 's ail ! mrs . potter I will find out about this outfit . thank goodness , he 's go . never mind , operator ! come -- come in -- who be you ? detective that 's all right . I will be through in a minute . well , I guess there 's nobody in here . hammer you do not know where to look . detective ah -- what 's that you say ? mrs . potter oh , this 1s awful . when you have quite finish , let I know . detective well , everything seem to be all right in here . penelope I be not so sure about that , hammer all right . I know where to go . penelope w-h-e -w ! alone at last . oh ! fm reel V ; 29 ext . HOTEL hammer come over here , I want to see you . now , listen to I . I be not go to have . that red-headed fellow run - ning around the lobby . if you want to keep he up in the room , you ' will have to keep he in a trap . chico you can not catch he . hammer who be he ? chico he 's my partner , but he no speak . hammer oh , that 's you silent partner . well , anyhow you wire I about some property . I have think it over . now , I can let you have three lot water - ing the front , or I can let you have three lot front the water . now , this lot cost I nine thousand dollar and I be go to let you have they for fifteen because I like you . chico ino buy nothing . I gotta no money . hammer you get no money ? chico I no gotta one cent . hammer how're you go to pay for you room ? chico thatsa you lookout . hammer oh , you be just a idle rumor ? chico well , you see , we comma here to maka money . I reada in de paper , and it say : " Big boom in Florida . '' so we come . we be coupla big boom , too ! . hammer well , I will show you how you can make some real money . I be go the hold a auction in a little while in cocoanut manor . you -- you know what a auction be , eh ? continued reel V continued 30 chico I come from Italy on the atlantic- auction . : hammer well , let 's go ahead as if nothing happen . I say I be hold a auction at cocoanut manor . and when the crowd gather around , I want you to mingle with they . do not pick they pocket , just mingle with they -- and -~-- , -chico I will find time for both . . hammer well , maybe we .can cut out the auction . here 's what I mean . if somebody say a@ hundred dollar , you say two -~ if somebody say two hundred dollar , you say three --- . chico speaka up ? hammer that 's right . now , if nobody say anything , then you start it off . chico how be I go to know when to no say nuthin ' ? . hammer well , they will probably notify you . you fool , if they do not say anything , you will hear ‘em , will not you ? chico well , mebbe I no lissen . hammer well , do not tell ‘em . now then , if we be successful in dispose of this lot , I will see that you get a nice commission . chico how about some money ? continued rr reel V continued hammer well , you can have you choice . now , in arrange this lot , of course , we use blue print . you know what a blue print be , huh ? - chico oyster ! hammer how be it that you never get double pneumonia ? chico I go around by myself . hammer do you know what a lot be ? chico yeah , too much . hammer I do not mean a whole lot . just a little lot with nothing on it . chico any time ynu gotta too much , you gotta whole lot . look , I will explain it to you . some time you no gotta much ; sometimes you gotta whole lot . you know that it 's a lat . somebady else maybe thinka its too much ; it 's a whole lot , too . now , a whole lot be too much ; too much be a whole lot ; same thing . hammer say , the next time I see you , remind I not to talk to you , will you ? come here , rand mcnally , and I '12 explain this thing to you . now look , this be a@ map and diagram of the whole cocoanut section . this whole area be within a radius of approximately three - quarter ora mile , radius ? be there a remote possibility that you know what a radius mean ? chico it 'sa wjz . continued rr reel V continued 32 hammer well -- I walk right into that one . it 's go to be a cinch explain the rest of this thing to you -- I can see that . chico I catcha on quick . . hammer that 's a rodeo you be think of . look , Einstein . here 's cocoanut ' manor . no matter what you say , this be cocoanut manor . here 's cocoanut manor . here 's cocoanut Heights . that 's a.swamp -- right over where the -- where the road fork , that 's cocoanut Junction . chico where have you get cocoanut custard ? hammer why , that 's on one of the fork . you probably eat with you knife , so you would not have to worry about that . now , here 's the main road , lead out of cocoanut manor . that 's the road I wish you be on . now over here -- on this site we be go to build a Eye and ear Hospital . this be go to be a sight for sore eye . you understand ? that 's fine . now , right here be the residential section . chico people live there , eh ? hammer no , that 's the stockyard . now all along here -- this be the river front -- all along the river , all along the river -- that be all leved . chico thatsa the jewish neighborhood ? hammer well , we will pass over that . . you be @ peach , boy ! now , here be a little peninsula , and here be a viaduct lead over to the mainland . continued ~~ Fe wee wee rr reel V continued 33 chico why a duck ? hammer I be all right . how be you ? I say here be a little peninsula , and here 's a viaduct lead over to the mainland . chico all right . why a duck ? hammer I be not play ask -me-another . I say , that 's a viaduct . chico all right . why a duck ? why a -- why a duck ? why -a-né-chicken ? hammer I do not know why - a- no-chicken . I be a stranger here myself . all I know be that it 's a viaduct . you try to cross over there a chicken , and you will find out why a duck . it 's deep water , that 's viaduct . chico thatsa ~ why -a-duck ? ~ - hammer look ... suppose you be out horseback riding and you come to that stream and want to ford over there , you could not make it . too deep . . chico but what do you want with a Ford when you gotta horse ? hammer well , I be sorry the matter ever come up . all I ' know be that it 's a via - duct . chico now look ... all righta ... I catcha on to why -a-horse , why -a-chicken , why - a - this , why - a- that . I no catch on to why~a- duck . continued '' : rr reel V continued 34 hammer I be only fool . I be only fool . they be go to build a tunnel in the morning . now , be that clear to you ? chico yes. everything -- excepta why -a-duck . hammer well , that 's fine . now I can go ahead . now , look , I be go to take you down and show you we cemetary . I have get a wait list of fifty people at that cemetary just die to get in . but I like you --- chico -- ah -- you 're~a - my friend , hammer I like you and I be go --- chico ~~ I know you like - a... , hammer =~ to shove you in ahead of all of they . I be go to see that you get @ steady position . chico that 's good . hammer and if I can arrange it , it will be horizontal . chico yeah , I see --- hammer now remember , when the auction start , if anybody say one hundred dollar --- chico I - a say - a two hundred --- hammer that 's grand . now , if somebody say two hundred --- chico -~ I - a say three hundred ! continued rr reel V continued 35 hammer that 's great ! hammer yes . now , you know how to get down there ? chico no , I no understand . hammer now , look . listen . you go down there , down to that narrow path there , until you come to the -- to that little jungle there . you see it ? where that thatched palm be ? chico yes , I see . hammer and then , there 's a little clear there , a little clear with a wire fence around it . you see that wire fence there ? '' chico all right . why -a- wire-fence ? hammer oh no , we be not go to go all through that again ! . you come along with I , and I will fix you up ! - end of . reel five - fm reel VI 36 continued — chicc all right . all right . I know what you mean , bid tem up . bid them up . it 's go a high . it 's go a high . hammer that 's it . if somebody say one ~ hundred , you say two hundred . chico I bid two . hammer that 's it . if we put this deal over , you can have anything you get . chico I no -- a get anything . hammer be alert . be alert . that 's it -- be alert . chico I be -~ I do not know what it be , but I be , all right . hammer be alert , or papa do not go out at all . all ye sucker who be go to get trim , step this way for the big swindle . lady and gentle - man , before proceeding with the main business of the day , which be the sell of this lot at any price , we be go tc have a little entertainment . very little . I want to present to you miss polly Potter , the best pay guest in the hotel . she will sing for you -- I too . miss Potter . polly ( " monkey song " ) monkey upon a tree , never be very blue they never seem to be under par that be true , not like the one you see on a bar in the zoo monkey upon a tree do the monkey doodle doo . : oh , among the mango where the monkey gang go continued nom reel VI continued 37 polly you can see they do the little monkey doodle doo oh , a little monkey play on he one key , give they all the cue to do the monkey doodle doo . let I take you by the hand , over to the jungle bana , if you be too old for dance , get yourself a monkey gland and then let 's go my little dearie , there 's the darwin the 'ry telling I and you to do the monkey doodle doo . hammer that 's Florida , folk , Florida , sing - ing , dance and entertainment . after the entertainment , after the entertainment , there will be sand - wich , but remember , if there be no lot sell , there will be no sand - wich . Florida , folk -- Sunshine -- per - petual sunshine -- 411 the year around . let 's get the auction start before we get a tornado , right this way . step forward . step for - ward everybody . Friends , you be now in cocoanut mancr , one of the finest city in Florida . of course , we still need a few finish touch , but who do not ? this be the heart of the residential district , every lot be a stone 's throw from the station . as soon as they throw enough stone , we be go to butld a station , eight hundred beautiful residence will be build right here . why they be as good as up . better . you can have any kind of a home you want to . you can even get stucco -- oh , how you can get stucco . now be the time to buy while the new boom be on . remember that old say , a new boom sweep clean ? and do not forget the guarantee -. my personal guarantee . if this lot do not double in value in a year , I do not know what you can do about it .. now we will take lot # 20 -- twentah -- right at the corner of desota Avenue . of continued eag reel VI continued 38 hammer ( cont would ) course , you all know who desota be ? he discover a body of water . you have hear of the water they nary after he . De sota Water . now this lot have a 20 foot frontage , a 14 foot backage and a mighty fine garage . now then what be I offer for lot number 20 , anything - at all . any - thing at all , to start it . chico two hundred dollar . hammer ah -~ a gentleman bid two hundred @ollar . who will bid three ? chico ' Three hundred dollar , , hammer hal hal another gentleman say three hundred dollar . do I hear four ? chico four hundred dollar . . hammer well , the auction be practically over , yes , it 's all over but the shoot . I will attend to that later , chico five hundred dollar . hammer do I hear six hundred ? chico six hundred - dollah . hammer sold for six hundred dollar , wrap up that lot and put some poison ivy on it . well , I come out even on that one , that be a great success . yeah , one more success like that and I will sell my body to a medical institute . now , we will take lot # 21 . there it be . there it be , over there , right where that cocoanut tree be . now what be I offer for lot # 21 . continued cag reel VI continued 39 chico two : hundre dollar . ' hammer why , my friend , there 's more than two hundred dollar worth of milk in that cocoanut -- and what milk , milk from content cow - co-mt . who will say 300 ? - chico four hundred dollar . five hundred dollar , six hundred - seven hundred - eight hundred . what th' heck do I care ? hammer ' what the heck do you care ? but how about I ? sold to what the heck for eight hundred dollar . I hope all you tooth have cavity and do not forget abscess make the heart grow fonder . when he say via-duck , I should have smelt a rat . I do , but I do not kmow who it be . now we will take lot number twenty - two . what be I offer for lot # 22 ? man one hundred dollar . chico two hundred dollar . hammer sold for one hundred dollar ! believe I , you have to get up early if you want to get out of bed . now , we will take lot # 23 . chico two a hundred dolleh , hammer . hey ! what be you go to do with all this lot ? play lotto ? who will say three hundred ? chico four hundred . hammer four hundred ? do I hear five hundred ? continued ° . eag reel VI - 4 of continued guest five hundred . six hundred . Seven hundred . 's hammer eight hundred . do I hear a nine hundred ? chico you hear a nine ; you hear a ten , hammer if I hear a ten -- you will hear plenty . do I hear nine ? will the gentleman who say seven say nine ? will he say 31x ? chico he say six , I say seven ; he say seven , I say eight ; he say eight , I say nine . I gotta plent of number leave . when I start I no step for nothing . bid them up . '' I go higher , higher , all the time . I go higher ~.- hammer you will go higher when I get hold of you . sold to ebiawatha for eight hundred dollar . get away from that tree before 1t die . hal hal hal what be I offer for lot twenty - four ? boy fifty dollar , hammer sold for fifty dollar . chico two a hundred dollar . hammer too late . too late . chico yeah -- too late ! hammer now , we will take lot twenty - five . right where you be stand . will you please take you foot off that lot . you be get it all dirty . continued eag reel VI continued 41 hammer ( cont would ) now , here 's a lot , folk -- it do not look very big on top but it 's all yours as far down as you want to go and it 's dirt cheap . now then , what be I offer for lot 25 ? anything at all to start it off , anything at all . what become of Peter rabbit ? what be I offer for lot # 25 ? come on 's folk , you be all allow to bid ; you know this be a free country , you be all allow to bid . what be I offer for lot # 25 ? what be I offer for lot # 25 and a year 's subscription to the youth 's companion ? will somebody take a year 's subscription to the youth 's companion ? will somebody take a year 's subscription , I be try to work my way through college . will some - body take a 6 month 's subscription ? I will go to High School . do anybody want to buy a lead pencii ? I will wrestle anybody in the ¢rowd for five dollar . well , unless somebody be go to do some more bid , I might as well quit . what 's the matter with you people ? can not you visualize bargain ? do not you want to make some money ? I will try one more lot , and if I do not dispose of this one , I be go to fold up . do you get I ? now we be go to take lot # 26 , the star lot of the whole proceedings , right where that tree stump be overlook the ocean front . this be one of the finest site in Florida and now somebody make I a offer and get hot ! bob two hundred dollar . man Three hundred dollar . hammer Three hundred dollar -- who will say four ? 's harvey four hundred dollar . bob five hundred dollar . continued eag reel VI continued 42 hammer who will say six hundred ? harvey eight hundred dollar . hammer now there 's a gentleman with vision and a nice haircut . who will say a thousand ? bob one thousand dollar . hammer there 's a gentleman with double vision and a better haircut . who will say eleven hundred ? harvey eleven hundred dollar . hammer there 's a gentleman with stigmatism . who will say twelve ? bob twelve hundred dollar , hammer twel -- come on =~ who will say thirteen ? come on , thirteen . ' twelve once , twelve twice , sell to Mr. Adams for twelve hundred dollar , and a mighty fine piece of property you get there , buddy . polly Bob , you have get it . harvey what 's happen ? I protest against that . I do not have a chance to bid . hammer Young man , I want you to understand I do not discriminate . you have the same chance as everybody else . Mrs. Potter enter . mrs . potter Mr , Hammer -- Mr , Hammer , I have be rob . my necklace , in you Hotel -.- continued - eag reel VI continued 43 polly -~+ oh , mother --- mrs . potter 's «= < it 1s worth a hundred thousand dollar . be it valuable ? mrs , potter be it valuable ? I will give a thousand dollar reward for its return ! hammer do you hear that ? this little lady have lose a diamond necklace , worth a hundred thousand dollar and she offer a thousand dollar reward for its return . " chico two thousand --- hammer sold for two thousand dollar . detective stand back everybody , I will take eharge of this ! end of reel vi__ eag reel VII chico and ay detective all you people get back and give we plenty of room and keep quiet . cut that out ! chico what -a-th-matter ? do he hurt you ? harpo fight . chico no-a-push -boy . come on -- come on -- all - a-right -stop that . detective start a fight , will youl mrs , potter Mr. Hammer , what 's the matter with he ? hammer I do not know where he 's from ; he have not any license on . mrs , potter what 18 1t ? what ? yes -- that 's itt that 's it . you dear man , oh , I be so happy . I mst kiss you again . detective so that 's 1t . I see you in that room last night , grab off stuff for the reward , eh ? now then , you come clean . say let go of that . how do you know the necklace be there ? harvey oh , officer , may I make a suggestion ? detective what be 1t ? harvey be not it possible that the gentleman who just buy this lot may know something about 1t ? why be he so anxious to buy 1t ? detective how about it , you ? why do you buy this lot ? bob none of you business . continued ° 4 eag reel vil 3 continued mrs , potter he 's a desperate character . polly oh , mother , he be not ! mrs , potter polly ! detective whenever a young fellow shut up and will not say anything , I have notice it 's generally on account of a woman . who be she ? bob : none of you business . I will not say a word , detective you will not say anything -- this guy be let on to be a dummy and this bird -- you can not understand when he do talk , be there anybody here who will talk . . hammer iwill , but I can not think of anything . detective well , if you will not tell I about it , you will tell somebody else . bob here -- wait a minute -- do you mean to cay that --- ' detective that 's enough . come on , penelope . oh , no please , please do not take he --.~ detective -- what --- penelope ~-- I do not want you to steal it , Bob . I would no idea you would do it . oh , I feel awful , bob what be you talk about ? continued '' cag reel VII continued 46 : polly Bob , what do he mean ? mrs , potter polly ! detective so , that 's it . penelope oh , it 's all my fault . I would no idea he would think that I mean it . Bob , I do not mean you to do it , really . «.- L just mean if you could give I one like it . bob wait a minute ! be you accuse I of take Mrs. Potter 's necklace ? penelope why I be take all the blame myself . I be joke and you take I seriously . Bob , last night when you tell I you would take it , I just could not believe it . bcb told you I would take what ? why , polly , she 's out of she mind ! / mrs , popter it sound quite plausible to I . polly mother ! penelope he do not know what he be do ; I begge he to take 1t back , ~ . bob say , I be not go to stand for any more of this . why the whole thing be ridiculous . it 's absurd . do you people really think for one moment that -- oh , I do not care what you think , any of you . polly , you know it 's a lie , do not you ? penelope it be just a harmless flirtation and then he lose he head --- continued '' cag reel VII continued not bob do not you know it 's a lie ? polly why , of course I do , you do not think I would believe a story like that , do you ? mrs , potter polly ! polly mother , I do not believe it . . mrs , potter Mr , Adams , I must ask you never to speak to my daughter again . * bob Mrs. potter. , . I --- : . detective come on , young fellow . polly Bob , i'm go with you , mrs , potter you stay here . . bob yes , polly , you stay here . it 's only for a little while . why , the whole thing 's ridiculous . detective be you ready ? . bob yes . penelope oh , I be sorry , Bob . bob do not keep it up any longer -- all right . detective I will have a confession out of he in half a hour , come on . polly Bob . continued ' eag «= reel VII 4g continued mrs , potter will you come back here ? hammer : now then we will take lot no. 27 . I have be so upset in dispose of this other lot that I be go to give a half a pound of tea with every lot I sell from now on --- mrs . potter there 's only one way to wipe out this disgrace . you must make people forget that you ever know this young man . polly mother ! what be you say ? mrs , potter you see what 'scome of you way . now , I be go to have mine . Mr. yate --- . harvey yes , Mrs. Potter . mrs . potter my daughter have reconsider she ' answer to you . polly mother --. mrs , potter you engagement will be announce tonight . harvey that 's wonderful , polly ! mrs , potter I shall give a dinner at the hotel . hammer a dinner .. a dinner ! you want the thirty or forty cent dinner ? mrs , potter you may invite everyone . hammer it 's fifty with jello and oh , how you ean jello . mrs , potter in honor of the engagement of my daughter to Mr. harvey yate . continued eag reel VII continued 49 hammer , let I be the last to congratulate you and you too . I be sure you will have a very beautiful wedding with this . come polly ? polly in a minute . please , go ahead , : harvey why , what 's the matter , dear ? polly nothing . please . go . harvey all right . T will wait for you . seegers : chico you get the key ? that 'sa fine . hey , wait . wait . look I get -a-saw . now , you get -a-someth . see , and we géet -a Bob out . hurry up . Bob ! hey , Bob ! hey , Bob ! how-d-you-do ? ha , ha. ha . bob what be you do here ? I do not know , they allow visitor . chico I amea no veesetor . we come to get you out . we get - a be queek , too ! . bob oh , thanks very mach , but you should not have bother . I might as well stay here as any other place . chico you have get - a come out . polly , she want you . bob polly want I ? chico she get - a have you because tonight she 's go to be engage . continued cag reel VII continued 50 bob go to be engage ? chico yes . gonna be marry Mrs. Potter she 's go to give a big engagement dinner . bob wh -- to whom ? chico to polly -- yate and polly . every - body 's go to be there . you , too . bob polly 's go to marry yate ? .__ chico : that 's a right . that 's a right . bob come on . let I out of here , get I out of here , quick . chico wait . wait . we get you out . hurry up . quiet . queeck , hush . queeck . bob — no thanks very mich , I do not want - anything to eat . chico bob not at a time like this . come on . get I out of here . all a right . chico what 's a matter ? what - a you do ? break in the lock ? come on , unlock . come on , * bob stop fight , boy . stop fight . this 1s no time to fight . come on . hurry up . get I out of here quick . aw -- come on . hurry . hurry . chico come on , hurry up , Bob , we get you away . come on , end of reel VII " be reel VIII 51 HOTEL lobby hammer be that so ? well , I will attend to that . Boy , it have be report to I that there 's a poker game go on in room number four - twenty . you go up there and imock on the door , and see if you can get I a seat , . boy yes , sir , ( phone ) I ? I will be right over . - chico all right , Bob , the coast be clear . nobody 's around . here boss , we get he , we get he all right . hammer be you out on parole ? bob this two gentleman help to get I out , I be ever so mich oblige to you , Mr , Hammer . they have tell I what you do and I can not begin to thank you . it be awful nice of you to get I out . chico that 's all right . maybe you will do as much for I sometime . well adabadache . . _ hammer adabadache . 7 ( italian ) why that 's polygamy . bob believe I . it 's no fun be in jail . hammer jail 's no place for a young fellow . there 's no advancement . , bob but seriously Mr , Hammer , you know that story of penelope 's be a lie . do not you ? continued reel VIII continued 52 hammer my boy , it 's silly to worry , be not it ? you be go today and here tomorrow . bob but , Mr , Hammer , you know it be a lie . how be I go to prove 1t ? what be it ? ( read ) - " Silent Red want by the police . " what 's go on here ? hammer everything seem to be drop from on high . well , I hope I still get my underwear on . you come here with that ? I have feel kinda flimsy , Bob . bob yes sir . hammmer go upstairs and count the room . I think the third floor 's miss . I will put this stuff here until I get ready to go upstairs , wait jast a moment . biackstone Hotel , Chicago , statler Hotel , Cleveland . that be mine . can you imagine that ? more , more papers than any man I have ever see ! granada Road - cocanut Road . bob gre-granada Road . cocoanut ro- granada Road ! hammer hey , if you get it twice , you be : allow to keep it . haha . get away with that , will you ? you can beat that but you can not tie it , bob granada Road . hammer do not , do not , do not talk . he will take the word right out of you mouth . continued reel VIII continued 53 bob grana -- granada -- cocoanut Road . hollow stump -- jewel , tell I , where do you find this ? hammer that 's a good guy you pick to ask . bob where do you find this ? Mr , Hammer , whoever draw this know something about this robbery . look ! : ballet dance , and polly sing chorus of " Skies will all be Blue . " mrs , potter . oh , penelope , so good of you to come . penelope thanks so much , Mrs. Potter . qh , be not 1t lovely . you be a lucky . boy , harvey . I know the party be go to be a great success . mrs , potter I hope so . man hello , penelope . penelope oh , hello . I do not know that you be go to be here . man anywhere that you be , srs . potter how do you do ? man how do you do ? have Mr. Hammer arrive yet ? mrs , potter no -- he will be here directly . Mr. Hammer , you costume be wonderful . : mr . hammer this costume have be condemn by good housekeep . continued dam reel VIII continued 54 mrs , potter I love the color scheme . mr . hammer that be not a scheme , it 's a con - spiracy . boy senor chico Joseph , Maria , accunia , Count de eisinore . hammer on track twenty -five . chico ah , Belle signora --- ( italian ) hammer ha ha ha . listen , Count , as soon as the guest leave , I want you to take out the ash . . chico ah -- so long . boy his excellency , the ambassador from San rafael , senor Don Jose harapano , hammer hey -- nix on that stuffil " shure , 1t be just a breath of would Ireland , I can see I old mither go down the path . and I can see I father . oh , oh , oh , " pop go the weasel . " there go the weasel , now , mrs , potter I be so glad you come , Mr. hennessy . detective that 's all right , madam . at a party like this , you have get to have the law around . now a nice woman like you need protection and I be here to see that you get it . there 's a couple of shady character around here that I be go to keep my eye on . what 's that you give he ? chico I no give he nothing . continued reel vit1 continued 55 detective gimme that . gimme that , I tell youl ( fight ensue ) who get my shirt ? what 's become of my shirt ? I want my shirt . , boy hey , you have lose you shirt , detective yes . : . boy can you describe you shirt ? detective what 's that ? come here . hammer now , look , this cross mark the spot where the shirt be last see . . detective cut that out ! : hammer now , remain quiet , will you , please ? detective just as I think . you bird be in on this thing and you be all try to keep I from find my shirt , hammer that 's a lie . you whelp ! whelp , whelp , whelp , whelp , whelp , whelp , whelp ! detective I want my shirt ! hammer he want he shirt ! detective I want oy shirt ! he want he shirt ! end_of reel EIGHT 's gag reel ix " shirt song " I want my shirt , I want my shirt , I can not be happy without my shirt . he want he shirt , he want he shirt , he can not be happy without he shirt . : I do not want food , I do not want drink , because my feeling be more than hurt . he do not want food , he do not want drink , he do not want anything except he shirt . except he shirt . how can a man be happy without he shirt ? without he shirt . how , will not you tell I how can a fellow flirt ? without he shirt . how can a fellow make love to a pretty skirt . without he shirt ? oh , life be not worth live without he shirt . tell we about it . tell we about it . listen , ah -- ah -- will not you listen ? | ah -- aah . to a story . it 's a shirt tail , just a shirt tail . , it 's ' the tail -- the tail of a shirt . I want my shirt . he want he shirt . I want my shirt . he want he shirt . not he hat , not he tie , not he shoe , cover up with dirt , — : . not he coat , not he vest , not he pants , but he want he shirt . he want he shirt , he want he shirt . he will not be happy '' 111 he get he shirt . he want he shirt . he want he shirt . he will not be happy till he get he shirt . he 's get it . he 's get it . he 's get it . 56 eag reel ix continued ot : " shirt song " ( cont would ) I have get my shirt , thank . God , I have get my shirt . I have get my shirt -- I have get my shirt . you will never know how deeply I be hurt . I think that I would lose my shirt , it be give I by my brother , bert . his brother , bert , that 's why I love this shirt . ~ the beautiful shirt . my shirt , the wonderful shirt . . the shirt -- now that I have find my shirt . hammer and now , friend , now that we have find hennessey 's shirt , would you all mind look for a collar button that I lose here , size 13 1 / 2 ? mrs , potter . and now , lady and gentleman , if you will all find place at the table , we will have a short enter . tainment before --- hammer how about you and I give this joint the air and indulge in some snappy neck ? mrs , potter what ?... lady and gentlemen , Mr. Hammer will now act as master of ceremony . Mr. hanmer . ' hammer lady and gentleman .... chico two hundred dollar . hammer in behalf of the rotary Club of minneapolis , I want to take this occasion of welcoming you to waukeegan -- no , no , I mean in recognition of my many year of service with the railroad , you have present I with this tle -- and that of course be - mind I of the story of the irish - man , ha-ha-ha . that 's so -- so continued eag reel ix continued 58 hammer ( cont would ) funny -- I wish I could think of it . " oft in the stilly night , the — tremble of a leaf can be hear , sighing through the tree and the babbling brook as it wend its way onward , babbling and --- harpo exit , hammer well , I get rid of one , and one like that be worth three ordinary one . now , where be I ? oh , yes , on this ehair , that 's right . western cattle open at fifteen and a quarter , Year - ling and spring veal hold a firm tone . egg be a little better on a full market , and a fresh shipment of hog be receive this morning . well , my father *" d mother talk it over and they finally move to New York and they take a little house . in the bronx and it be in that little house that abraham lincoln be bear , much to my father 's surprise , and that , boy and girl , be the beginning of the lincoln highway . and now , friend , in view of the fact . that polly 's en- gagement be be celebrate here tonight , so to speak , I think that a few word from she mother would be revolting . I now take great pleasure in present -- the well - preserve and partially pickle Mrs. Potter . come on , now , give the little girl @ big hand . all speech !! speech !! fers . potter my good friend , if I could only tell you how rosy hued everything seem to I tonight -- as I look into you face , they be all 116 with gay laughter and the whole world and everything in it , 1s bath in a soft glow luminous haze . hammer the old gal 's stew to the eyebrow . continued ' eag reel ix continued 59 ° mrs . potter and now , I want to wish you all a most enjoyable evening . as for myself , I be sad . I simply can not go any further , . hammer t'1l get off with you . now friend , I want to take great pleasure in present to you the groom , Mr. yate , Mr. harvey yate . good evening radio fan , we be now back in the studio , stand by for you station announcer . harvey my dear , dear friend , I really do not know what to say .... hammer well , shut up . what a splendid suggestion ! harvey . I feel highly honore , but , I be afraid I be not mich of a speech ~ maker . nevertheless , Mr. Hammer , it be very nice of you to call on I . hammer oh , you must call on I sometime , and see my flower bed . I want you to see my pansy . I have get long pansy and short pansy . I be just think that next spring ' I want to get early bloomer . as I be just about to say , there seem to be a steady 's stream fly in and out over there . harvey I would not dream of take up any more of you time . I merely want to thank you all , and as I say before , T have not intend to make a speech at all . 's hammer well , you have certainly succeed . now friend , let 's proceed . now what 's the matter with he ? that 's good Gulf Gas . I be so sorry . continued eag reel ix continued 60 chico hey , hey , do not do this . come on and have some home brew . '' mrs , potter Mr. Hammer , Mr. Hammer , can not you do something ? chico I do not . »plenty .... mrs , potter but this be awful . . hammer now , lady and gentleman , the first musical number that we intend to portray will be the beginning and the end of a very .... end of reel ix 62 hammer we be go to have music -- music w- we be go to have music . now the first misical number on the program will bé a piccolo solo , '' which we will skip . and the secorid '' number , senor pastrani , the lithuanian pianist . the senor for he first 's number will play " a Cup of coffee , '' a sandwich and you " from the opera , aida . senor , allow I to assist you to the di-et . mrs , potter what be the first number ? hammer number one . and now friend , I want to present to you a charming little lady ... down in front ... hey , sit down ... the little lady who be to become Mrs. harvey yate -- over my dead body ! polly i_ know I have the sincere wish of all my friend and can only tell you how mich I do appreciate it . I think I can honestly say this be about the happiest moment of my life . look what ihave here ! it 's a little engagement present just give I by Mr. yate . he write it just now , but he write another yesterday when the necklace be steal . they be both in he own handwrite . let I read it to you -- it show how to get to cocoanut manor and that tree stump and say " hollow stump -- jewel . '' mrs , potter I do not believe it . polly see for yourself . hammer say , yate have go , I give hima check for a hundred thousand dollar this morning . it 's a good thing it be my personal check . boy oh , Mr. Hammer -- there 's a man down - stair want to see you with a black moustache , continued reel X continued 62 : - hammer tell he I have get one . ° bob but I should think you would want to see he , his name be Mr , John W. berryman . he have just accept my architectural plan for the development of cocoanut manor . hammer well , happy day , old boy . bob thank you , thank you . he also want to know if you could accommodate four hundred guest over . the weekend . polly now mother , you must admit you be mistaken . . mrs , potter Mr. Adams , how could you ever forgive I ? : bob oh , please -- Mrs. Potter . mrs , potter lady and gentleman -- you be all invite to attend the wedding of my daughter . the wedding will take place exactly as plan , i.e. , with the exception of a slight change . she will be marry to Mr. Robert Adams . all hooray ! and we skte will all be blue when my dream come true and I '1l be smile through when my dream come true . that Spanish Castle I build in my mind will be a love nest , the practical kind . and I will be there with you , when my dream come true . the end