the patriot by Robert rodat October 9 , 1998 fade in : credit over : ext . south CAROLINA countryside - day woodland . beautiful . untame . soaring old - growth elm arch over riverside maple along the shore of the gently curving , deep - water santee River . superimposition : south CAROLINA April , 1776 upstream , the swamp . beautiful . hundred of bird sing . shaft of sunlight pierce the canopy , cut through the hang moss and kudzu , fall onto soft , sway fern cover the high ground . the water be clear , with field of float lily pad , each with a stark white flower rise from it . superimposition : the following be base on a true story ext . pond bluff - day a farm build between the bank of the river and the deep green of the swamp . good , fertile land , hack out of the wilderness . the perfectly tend field be ripe with barley , hop , alfalfa and tobacco . two sturdy brother , nathan , 13 and SAMUEL , 12 , work one of the field , rhythmically swinging scythes through the barley . the house , build of native brick , be well - construct and well - maintain . there 's a barn , a workshop and a forge . it be a home of substance rather than wealth . on the front porch , margaret , 11 , pump a butter churn while she brother , william , 6 , watch . gabriel , 18 , strong and handsome , walk out of the wood with a musket in he hand and a dozen game - bird over he shoulder . at he side walk thomas , 14 , also carry a musket . int . workshop - day a perfect colonial workshop , fastidiously arrange with every conceivable tool of the period . a foot - power lathe . a drop-forge . a lift see . rack of tool , plane , hammer , auger , drill , block , all hang in they place . all very well - wear . francis marion methodically work he lathe , turn a piece of hardwood , shave off tiny curl of wood with a razor - sharp chisel . he 's in he late - forty , strong and weathered . his hand , though big and calluse , handle the chisel with a surgeon 's precision . self -educate and self - sufficient , he have build himself , as he build he farm , brick by brick , from the coarse clay of the earth . a finely - make rock chair , miss only the dowel on which marion be work , sit on the work table . the chair be a work of art , thin and light , a spider - web of perfectly turn wood , no nail , no glue . sitting on the woodpile , susan , 4 , a silent , stone - face wisp of a child , watch she father . marion take the piece of wood out of the lathe , carefully fit it into the chair , insert a peg and tap it into place . then he step back and appraise he handiwork . he pick up the chair and hook the top rail to a scale , counter with a three - pound weight . the chair float . marion blow softly on the weight which sink . Susan nod , so far , so good . marion put the chair on the floor and walk slowly around it , check every angle . then , the acid test . he take a deep breath and lower himself onto the seat , gingerly add a ounce at a time . not a creak . he smile and sit back with a sigh . crack ! the chair splinter under marion 's weight , dumping he on he ass on a pile of break wood . marion damnation ! he pick up some of the wood , about to fling it across the room but stop as Susan shoot he a disapprove look . he calm himself . marion sorry . Susan get down from the woodpile and put the remain of the chair in the fireplace . as she climb back up to she perch , marion step over to he wood rack , extract a fresh dowel , fit it into the lathe and start all over again . end credit . ext . workshop - dusk marion leave the workshop with Susan at he side . Nathan and Samuel walk past , exhaust from they day in the field . nathan Father , I see a post rider at the house . marion thank you . do you finish the upper field ? SAMUEL we get it all cut and we bundle half of it . marion that swim break cut into the day , do not they ? marion walk on without wait for a reply from he contrite son who jostle one another , try to pass off the blame . Gabriel and Thomas walk out of the barn . gabriel Father , a post rider come from Charleston . you have a letter inside . marion thank you . how 's the spot one 's milk ? thomas better . she 's near ready to calve . marion nod and motion for Susan to go with Gabriel and Thomas to the house . she do so and marion walk on alone toward : ext . hilltop - pond bluff - sunset the loveliest spot on the farm . a beautiful view of the house , barn , river , field and hill beyond . a gravestone stand in the shade of a single apple tree . it read : elizabeth putnam marion 1738-1773 above she name be a carve of the night sky , at the center of which be the NORTH STAR , steady and guide . marion approach . he give himself a moment to look at the grave , then he start pick apple , speak to the gravestone in a quiet voice that be more matter - of - fact than sorrowful . marion ... and they bundle half ... almost no trace of the boy you know ... a soft wind blow some dry leave along the ground . marion pause as if listen to a speak reply . marion ... no , she still have not speak ... Margaret be she age when you ... I remember the time at the river when we could not find Catherine ... you could not stop cry ... and she be asleep in the wagon the entire time ... marion pause , remember . the crash of a plate breaking , follow by the SOUND of a argument rise from the house below . marion shake he head with a exasperate sigh . marion you child . he head down the hill toward the house , now glow from the light of candle and oil lamp . int . marion be house - evening pre-dinner chaos . everyone talk at once . marion 's seven child and he two family servant , abigail and aaron , a middle - age black couple , prepare dinner . Susan silently watch from the stair . marion walk in . marion I smell turnip ... william Father , Samuel break the blue plate ... SAMUEL I do not ... margaret dinner ... marion hand the apple to abigail and step over to open he mail and dispatch . gabriel News of Boston , father ? nathan I hate turnip ... SAMUEL William knock it right out of my hand ... gabriel Father ...? marion Samuel , William , both of you clean it up ... marion hand a packet of pamphlet to Gabriel and open a letter . marion the Assembly have be reconven , I have be call to ... marion 's child go wild . margaret Charleston ! nathan we be go to Charleston ! SAMUEL when , father , when ? marion we will leave tomorrow ... the child erupt into cheer and thunder into the dining room . the child Charleston ! we be go to Charleston ! marion and Gabriel exchange a stone - face look . then marion put on a smile and inhale deeply . marion I love turnip ... marion follow he child into the dining room . ext . marion be house - night quiet . the only sound be the soft call of a few nightbird and the drone of cicadas . a faint light move through the downstairs , pass window in the otherwise dark house . int . marion be house - night marion , hold a candle , do a father 's bedtime check . the camera follows he as he make he round into : the kitchen . everything be clean and put away in its proper place . the MAIN hallway . marion check that the door be close and bolt . he head up the stair . int . boy ' bedroom - night marion enter , find William asleep on the floor and Nathan and Samuel in bed . he lift William into bed , take a slingshot from Nathan 's hand , tuck in Samuel and walk out . int . girl ' bedroom - night marion step to the doorway , find Margaret and Susan at the window , look up at the night sky . margaret ... now count five finger length up from the front two star of the Big dipper , and that 's the North Star , that 's she . Susan gaze up at the North Star . the girl notice marion and climb into bed . he put a chair against Susan 's bed and kiss she . he pull a blanket up around Margaret , who whisper : margaret it help she to know mother 's there . marion nod with a thin smile , kiss Margaret and walk out . int . marion be study - night squadron of lead soldier stand ready for battle as Thomas , lie on the floor , deploy he man . Gabriel read the new pamphlet and broadside . marion walk in and pour a drink . Gabriel hand several of the pamphlet to he father . gabriel the New York and rhode Island assembly have be dissolve ... marion the middle colony ? gabriel rioting both side of the bay , in chestertown they burn the custom House and tar-and - feathered the custom agent . he die of burn . in wilmington they kill a Royal magistrate and two redcoat . marion anything about the convention in Philadelphia ? gabriel poor Richard say they will make a declaration of Independence by July . marion shake he head and sit down , carefully extract a delicate pair of read glass from a wooden box . he begin read . gabriel Scott higgins join the militia . marion hear but do not respond . Thomas look up from he lead soldier . gabriel he 's seventeen . a year young than I . Gabriel and Thomas wait for a reaction . there be none . Gabriel go back to read and Thomas resume play with he toy soldier . marion 's eye drift from the page to Gabriel . ext . swamp road - day the marion family , in two tightly - pack carriage , drive on a beautiful road , cut through the swamp . the canopy of swamp maple and weep willow form a tunnel of green , mottle by sunlight . ext . bennington overlook - day the two carriage pass a view of they entire valley . scatter farm with a patchwork of cultivate field surround the town of bennington . ext . santee road - day pass through roll farmland , the marion head toward the coast . they pass a large contingent of South Carolina militia , drilling in a field . the child , particularly Gabriel , watch avidly . ext . charleston - day a big , bustling city . marion and Gabriel negotiate the carriage through the busy street . the child watch , wide - eye , see tavern , a public gallow , drunkard , street entertainer , well - dress lady attend by they maid , food vender , a man with a train bear . ext . charlotte's house - charleston - day Grand . four storey . marion and he child pull up . charlotte motte hurry out . she 's in she mid-thirty , beautiful , with a deep sadness that she keep hide as best she can . the child leap from the carriage and swarm around she , embrace she , smother she with kiss . the child aunt Charlotte ! aunt Charlotte ! charlotte welcome ! welcome ! Margaret , William , look at you ...! ( to marion ) they be huge . what have you be feed they ? marion they be from good stock on they mother 's side . charlotte thank you . Charlotte hustle the child toward the door . charlotte come , come , inside , wait until you see what I have ... the child ( simultaneous ) present ! for I ? what do you have ? charlotte Inside , inside ... Charlotte sweep past marion who smile and follow she into the house . int . parlor - charlotte's house - day marion watch as Charlotte finish hand out present . Susan play with a new doll . William have half - a- dozen new spin top , skim around the floor . Margaret hold a new dress up to herself . Samuel , Nathan and Thomas tear into package hold platoon of lead soldier . Gabriel look through a new book . Charlotte see marion watch she , rise and join he at the doorway . marion you look well , Charlotte . charlotte as do you . suddenly Thomas and Samuel race through the doorway , force marion and Charlotte together , they body close . they step back and exchange warm but uneasy smile . the moment be break by the SOUND of child . marion and Charlotte gratefully turn they attention back to they . ext . charleston square - night down the block from the motte house . a yell crowd of son of Liberty be mass around a Liberty Tree from which hang dozen of glow lantern . most of the man in the crowd be drunk . vendor sell rum , ale , food and banner emblazon with a coiled snake and the legend , " do not tread on I . " score of on - looker , include respectable people , as well as street urchin , whore and drunkard , watch the proceedings . several son of Liberty string up effigy of King George III and Governor wilmington . they light the effigy on fire . as they begin to blaze , the crowd cheer . ext . charlotte's balcony - night marion 's child , except Gabriel , stand on the balcony watch the mob . marion step out onto the balcony . marion Inside , all of you ... the child turn to marion with stricken expression . marion relent . marion very well . the child turn back to the mob . marion join they . thomas look ! there 's Gabriel ! they see Gabriel make he way through the crowd . he see they and wave , then enter the house . a moment later Charlotte step out onto the balcony and see : in the square , a pair of drunk son of Liberty , pull down one of the smolder effigy , cut off its head , then start hack at it 's groin with a sword . appall , Charlotte shoot a glare at marion and snap at the child . charlotte Children , inside ! all of you ! right now . the child start to protest , but a glance at Charlotte 's resolute expression make they think better of it . they file into the house . Charlotte shoot a glare at marion and shoos the child inside . Gabriel step out and join they . marion what news ? gabriel the british army be barricade in Boston . Harry Lee , be here from Virginia , recruiting for a Continental Army . marion be that why the Assembly be conven ? gabriel yes . he seek a levy of troops and money . marion and the Governor ? gabriel he vow that if the Assembly vote a single shilling to Lee , he will dissolve the body . marion which would force we delegate in Philadelphia to vote for independence . charlotte and send we to war alongside Massachusetts . marion we governor be a bigger fool than I think . gabriel Lee be count on you vote and expect you to be the first to enlist . marion nod thoughtfully without revealing what he think of Lee 's expectation . marion turn back to watch the mob . ext . assembly hall - charleston - day the capital building of South Carolina . a large crowd of lower - class man and woman be mass in front of the Assembly Hall . as well - dress assemblyman walk into the building , the crowd yell word of encouragement to some and berate other . in the square in front of the Assembly Hall a squadron of blue- uniform american continental soldier drill . a recruiting table be be set up by a Continental Captain and several military clerk . marion and Gabriel walk across the square toward the Assembly Hall . as they push they way through the crowd , Gabriel eye the continental . int . assembly hall - day two dozen angry , yelling , men of property . among they be robinson , hamill and johnson , who be patriot . oppose to they be simm , withington and baldridge who be loyalist ( loyal the the King ) . as marion make he way to he seat , the speaker of the assembly pound he gavel . speaker order ! order ! slowly , the room quiet down . speaker we first order of business ... simm and out last if we vote a levy ... the room erupt . speaker order ! order ! Mr. simm , you do not have the floor . the room settle down . speaker we first order of business be a address by Colonel Harry Lee of the Continental Army . a impose figure rise and make he way to the front of the assembly . he 's colonel harry lee , about marion 's age and cut from the same cloth -- strong , weathered , with a powerful bear . the room quiet down . Lee see marion and offer a familiar nod , which marion return , stone - face . then Lee speak , simply and clearly . lee you all know why I be here . I be not a orator and I will not try to convince you of the worthiness of we cause . I be a soldier and we be at war and with the declaration of independence we all expect from Philadelphia , it will soon be a formal state of war . in preparation for that , eight of the thirteen colony have levied money in support of a Continental Army . I ask South Carolina to be the ninth . simm Colonel Lee , Massachusetts may be at war , along with New Hampshire and rhode Island and Virginia , but South Carolina be not at war . lee Massachusetts and New Hampshire be not as far from South Carolina as you might think and the war they be fight be not for independence of one or two colony . it 's for the independence of a nation . withington and what nation be that ? Robinson , one of the patriot , stand up . robinson a american nation . Colonel Lee , with you permission ? lee please . robinson that of we who call ourselves patriot be not seek to give birth to a american nation , but to protect one that already exist . it be bear a hundred - and -seventy year ago at jamestown , Virginia and have grow stronger and more mature with every generation rear and with every crop sow and harvest . we be a nation and we rights as citizen of that nation be threaten by a tyrant three thousand mile away . lee thank you . be I a orator , that be the exact word I would have speak . laughter . marion rise . marion mister Robinson , tell I , why should I trade one tyrant , three thousand mile away , for three thousand tyrant , one mile away ? laughter from the loyalist . surprise from Lee and the patriot . in the gallery , Gabriel wince . robinson Sir ? marion a elect legislature can trample a man 's rights just as easily as a King can . lee Captain marion , I understand you to be a Patriot . marion it 's mister marion . lee I understand he to be a Patriot as well . more laughter . marion if you mean by a Patriot , be I angry at the townsend act and the stamp Act ? then I be a Patriot . and what of the navigation Act ? should I be permit to sell my tobacco to the french trader on martinique ? yes , and it 's a intrusion into my affair that I can not ... legally . laughter . marion and what of the greedy , self - serve bastard who sit as magistrate on the admiralty Court and have fine nearly every man in this room . should they be box about the ear and throw onto the first ship back to England ? I will do it myself . ( beat ) and do I believe that the american colony should stand as a separate , independent nation , free from the rein of King and parliament ? I do , and if that make a Patriot , then I be a Patriot . marion grow more serious . marion but if you be ask whether I be willing to go to war with England , the answer be , no . I have be to war and I have no desire to do so again . the room be quiet , the assemblyman have be throw off - balance . Gabriel be stunne and disappointed by he father 's speech . robinson this from the same Captain Francis marion whose anger be so famous during the wilderness campaign . marion glare at Robinson , then smile . marion I be intemperate in my youth . my depart wife , God bless she soul , dampen that intemperance with the mantle of responsibility . Robinson look derisively at marion . robinson temperance can be a convenient disguise for fear . marion bristle but before he can answer , Lee step in . lee mister Robinson , I fight with Captain marion in the french and indian War , include the wilderness campaign . we serve as scout under Washington and I have no doubt about Captain marion 's courage or competence on a battlefield . there 's not a man in this room , or anywhere , for that matter , to whom I would more willingly trust my life . robinson I stand correct . lee Nonetheless , I would like to know , mister marion , how ... how ... how ... Lee 's oratorical skill peter out . lee damn it , Francis ! how in God 's name do you expect to gain independence without go to war ? marion Harry , Harry , Harry ... marion and Lee drop all formality and become nothing more than two old friend , piss off . lee my hairy arse ! you live in a cave if you think we will get independence without war ... the speaker pound he gavel . speaker gentlemen ! please ! this be not a tavern ! marion be not it a Union Jack we fight under ? lee a long time ago ... marion thirteen year ... lee that 's a damn long time ... the speaker pound he gavel again . speaker gentlemen ! please ! marion and Lee ignore the speaker . marion you be a englishman then ... lee I be a american , I just do not know it yet ... the astonished assemblyman and now even the speaker watch the argument avidly , turn they head in simultaneous anticipation of each rejoinder . marion we do not have to go to war to gain independence ... lee balderdash ! marion there be a thousand avenue , other than war , at we disposal ... lee name five hundred . marion Royal petition , delegate to court , judicial redress , economic boycott , bribery ... lee that 's five , keep go ... marion ... time , royal succession , regicide , bribery ... lee you say bribery twice ... marion speak slowly and firmly . marion we do not have to go to war to gain independence . Lee say nothing for a moment , then he speak more seriously , quietly , grimly . lee Francis , I be at bunker Hill . it be as bad as anything you and I see on the frontier . worse than the slaughter at the ashuelot River . the british advanced three time and we kill over seven hundred of they at point blank range . and still , they advanced and they take the ground . that be the measure of they resolve . if you principle dictate independence , then war be the only way . it have come to that . marion be silent for a long moment . he soften , find himself unsteady and speak far more honestly than he ever want to . marion I have seven child . my wife be dead . who 's to care for they if I go to war ? Lee be stunne by marion 's honesty and he show of weakness . at first Lee have no answer , then : lee Wars be not fight only by childless man . a man must weigh he personal responsibility against he principle . marion that 's what I be do . I will not fight and because I will not , I will not cast a vote that will send other to fight in my stead . lee and you principle ? marion I be a parent , I do not have the luxury of principle . the other assemblyman , both patriot and loyalist , stare at he , appal . marion , feel weak , sit down . Lee look at he friend with more sympathy than disappointment . then Lee turn to Robinson who address the chair . robinson mister speaker , I call for a vote on a levy to the Continental Army . hamill second . speaker so move . the vote be take on a roll call . Gabriel watch from the gallery . speaker Mr. Robinson . robinson yea . speaker Mr. hamill . hamill yea . speaker Mr. Johnson . johnson yea . speaker Mr. simm . simm nay . speaker Mr. marion . no response . speaker Mr. marion . marion nay . in the gallery Gabriel turn and walk out . the roll call continue . marion sit , eye straight ahead . ext . assembly hall - day the crowd wait . the door open and a page boy dash out and run to the Continental Captain at the recruiting table . page boy twenty - eight to twelve , the levy pass ! the Continental Captain motion to a assemble squadron . they raise they musket and FIRE a volley into the air . other soldier , strike up a martial AIR on fife and drum . volunteer crowd around the recruiting table , yelling and jostling for position . the delegate walk out . both patriot and loyalist give marion a wide berth . marion see Gabriel , stand near the crowd at the recruiting table . marion walk up to he . gabriel Father , I have lose respect for you . I think you be a man of principle . marion when you have child , I hope you will understand . gabriel when I have child , I hope I do not hide behind they . marion look closely at Gabriel . marion do you intend to enlist without my permission ? gabriel yes . they lock eye for a moment , then Gabriel turn from he father and walk away , join the crush around the recruiting table . marion stand alone in the middle of the chaos . the fife and drum continue to play . marion do not hear they . Harry Lee walk out of the Assembly hall with a triumphant group of patriot who look at marion coldly . Lee excuse himself , and step over next to marion . Lee see that marion be watch Gabriel at the enlistment table . lee one of yours ? marion Gabriel . lee I recognize he now . be he as imprudent as he father be at he age ? marion no , thank the Lord . he 's more like he mother . lee I will see to it that he serve under I . marion thank you . they shake hand . then Lee walk over to the soldier . marion take a last look at Gabriel , then head off through the crowded square , move against the tide of man head toward the recruiting table . ext . pond bluff - day springtime . the apple tree at the top of the hill be cover with blossom . superimposition : " two year later " ext . field - pond bluff - day marion plow a field . Nathan lead the plowhorse . Samuel follow , break up the clod of dirt . hard work . they stop to catch they breath . a soft wind blow . marion turn he head as if listen for a faint voice . he hear nothing . he snap the rein and continue plow . int . marion be attic - late afternoon Dark . Thomas step up into the attic . he find a trunk and open it . lift out some blanket , he uncover a trove of marion 's old military gear -- a wear battle coat , a box of medal , a military sword , rusted into its scabbard . Thomas put on the coat , which hang off he narrow shoulder . he stand in front of a dusty mirror , appraise himself , then stop as he hear footstep come up the stair . it 's marion , tired and dirty from he plow . Thomas grimace , expect he to be angry , but see he shake he head gently . marion not yet , Thomas . thomas when ? marion look closely at he son , give he the courtesy of really think about the answer . marion seventeen . thomas but it 's already be two year and that 's two more year . the war could be over by then . marion God willing . Thomas consider it , then nod . thomas alright . seventeen . marion offer he hand . they shake firmly , like adult . marion take the coat off Thomas and put it back in the trunk . they walk down the stair together . int . pond bluff - dawn all be quiet . a dawn mist hover close over the ground . some sparrow feed at the base of the apple tree near the gravesite . distant thunder . low and roll . the bird stop feed , uneasy , then fly away . int . marion' bedroom - dawn at another roll of the distant thunder marion awake . he get out of bed and pull on he clothes . ext . front porch - marion be house - dawn marion step out to he front porch and listen . he know the sound , the distant staccato boom of cannon and the patter wave of thousand of musket firing . one by one the child join he . Thomas , Nathan and Samuel listen analytically . Margaret and Susan press close against they father . William look curiously at the cloudless sky . william be it go to rain ? thomas that 's not thunder . the SOUND become deeper , more ominous . they all notice the change . nathan Father ? marion six-pounder . lot of they . margaret how far away ? marion four , five mile . SAMUEL waxhaus ? marion just east of it . margaret be we safe here ? marion put on a smile . marion do not worry . margaret we could go stay at aunt Charlotte 's farm . she 's to the west . marion no , there will be skirmisher on the road . we be safer here . Thomas appear at the doorway with a pair of musket . he give one to Nathan and offer the other to he father . marion put that away . thomas but father , they might come this way . marion put they away . reluctantly , Thomas take the musket back into the house . marion enough . I will be in the workshop . Samuel , the cow . Thomas , attend to you study here on the porch . Nathan , on the back porch . if you see anyone , come get I . Margaret , please keep William close to you . no one be to go past the yard wall . they all nod . marion walk off toward the workshop , follow by Susan . the other hesitate . marion Children . they head off to do as they be tell . int . workshop - day marion work the lathe . Susan watch from she perch on the woodpile . ext . barn - day the SOUND of a crash from inside the barn . a angry cow run out of the barn , drag a tenacious Samuel who be hold onto the cow 's neck . Samuel 's grip fail and he land in the dirt . the cow run about thirty yard down the hill , stop on the bank of the river . Samuel grab a rope and head down the hill to get the cow . on the riverbank as Samuel approach the cow , he see it skittishly approach then retreate from the water . then he see the cause -- the water in the river have a pale , pink hue . Samuel stare at it , try to figure out what it be . behind he , Margaret see she brother beyond the yard wall . margaret Samuel ... he do not respond . Margaret , trail by William , walk down toward Samuel . margaret Samuel , get up to the house . you hear father ... then she see it , too . the pale pink be turn redder and redder . and then the body . first one , then more , many more . torn apart . miss limb . that with wide - open wound , be already drain of blood . other be still seeping , leave trail of deep red in the paler red of the surround water . Samuel , Margaret and William stand freeze , appal and fascinate . marion step out of the workshop and see the child at the river . he can not see what they be look at . irritate , he walk toward they . then , as he near the river , he see the color of the water and the body that have hypnotize he child . he quicken he stride , speak calmly but firmly , careful not to frighten they . marion up to the house , now . all of you , come on . now . ext . marion be house - night quiet . Dark . marion stand on the front porch , look out into the night , listen , hearing nothing . he glance up at the star-filled sky , tracking he eye from the Big dipper to the NORTH STAR . behind the house , a figure in the darkness , carry a musket , move from shadow to shadow . int . kitchen - night Margaret and Samuel and William talk , they voice low . SAMUEL they be go to come . margaret quiet . SAMUEL we be go to have to fight they off . william Father will do that . SAMUEL they will probably kill we man and do Lord know what to you woman . margaret Samuel ! a SOUND . they all stop . something move behind the kitchen . Margaret silently ease the other out of the room , through the darken hall toward they father . suddenly in front of they , a bloody figure big. hulk . in uniform . Margaret scream . William and Samuel cry out . the figure move toward they ... marion , on the porch , hear the scream , race into the house . he see the figure , move toward it ... the figure move into the light ... marion see the bloody face ... marion Gabriel ! Gabriel be wounded , batter and dirty . he carry a musket and a dispatch case . he sway . marion catch he and ease he to a seat . margaret you be hurt . thomas the battle , be you there ? marion Margaret , get bandage and water . Thomas , the porch , eye open . marion check Gabriel 's wound which be nasty but not life- threaten . gabriel have you see any redcoat ? marion not yet . what happen ? Margaret bring water and linen to marion who expertly clean Gabriel 's wound and apply field - dressing . gabriel it be not like Saratoga . there , we stay in the tree , but this time Gates march we straight at the redcoat . they fire two volley into we and we break like straw . I be give this dispatch ... I see Virginia regular surrender ... as they laid down they weapon the british Green dragoon ride into they and hack they to bit ... kill they all , over two hundred man . marion 's appal . marion they have surrender ? Gabriel nod . marion 's stunne . Gabriel try to rise . gabriel I have to get this dispatch to hillsboro . marion you be in no condition to ride . gabriel I have no choice , I ... Gabriel pass out . marion catch he and carry he to a day - bed in the parlor . as marion lay he down , they hear heavy musket FIRE , very close . marion hurry to the door and look out into the night , the child cluster around he , see a strange sight . a skirmish in the field below the house pitch black . then a musket fire , create a flash of light that illuminate a tableau of soldier , about three dozen redcoat and as many patriot . the strobe of the musket shot provide target for a ensue volley of shot in every direction . then darkness , punctuate by scream of pain , confuse hollering and the rustling of armed men in movement . then the pattern repeat itself : a musket fire , illuminate a tableau of target for another murderous volley of shot . marion Margaret , take William and Susan down to the root cellar . Thomas , go to the back porch . Nathan and Samuel , the side window . keep out of sight . they hurry off . marion step into the house and open he gun cabinet . he extract two pistol and a pair of musket . then he step back to the front door . he wait and watch . ext . lower field - pond bluff - dawn first light . the morning mist lie low over the field . marion warily approach the scene of the battle . he carry a Pennsylvania rifle , have another sling over he shoulder , and have a pair of pistol in he belt . as marion near the field he see , appear out of the low mist , a nightmarish vision . Young redcoat and continental be scattered on the ground , dead and wounded . many have be hideously tear apart by the massive musket ball . blood be everywhere . marion hurry back toward the house . ext . lower field - pond bluff - morning marion load the wounded man onto a wagon , help by Thomas , Nathan and Samuel . ext . marion be house - pond bluff - day the porch and yard have be turn into a field hospital . there be about two dozen wounded , a few more patriot than redcoat . Thomas , Nathan , Samuel and Margaret help marion tend the soldier . William and Susan watch from inside . marion treat a arm wound , rety a tourniquet , stanching a ugly flow of blood . marion move to the next of the wounded . Thomas start to help but marion shake he head . marion he 's dead ... marion move on to another . marion Thomas , help I turn he over ... they turn over a young Continental and see a horrible wound on he back . Thomas , swoon . marion Thomas ! a hard glare from marion strengthen he son . together they bandage the wounded man . ext . marion be house - afternoon triage complete . Margaret and Samuel give water and food . marion kneel next to a continental sergeant and a couple of private who be less severely wounded than the other . continental sergeant thank you . marion nod , uncomfortable with the thanks . marion sergeant , there be seventeen wounded man here . Seven redcoat and ten patriot , count my son inside . that put I in a difficult position . the Continental sergeant know what 's come . the private and marion 's child do not . marion you three be the least severely wounded . I have to ask you to leave and find care elsewhere . the private be stunne at the request . the sergeant look at marion 's child and nod . sergeant I understand . he struggle to he foot and jerk he head for the two private to do the same . sergeant come on , boy . Nathan , Samuel and Margaret be confuse . thomas Father ? nathan but they be wounded . marion there be rule , even in war . marion motion to a large , old scar on he arm . marion after the Battle of ashuelot River , against the french , I get this and the one on my leg . I could not walk . Washington have to march north . he leave I with other wounded man and a like number of french prisoner . nine for nine . when the french find we , they surgeon give I the best of care . we will be safe this way . marion 's child be not convinced . the sergeant and the two private gather themselves to leave . marion you best chance be in bennington , seven mile east , along the river road . the wounded man nod grimly and start off down the road . marion thank you . marion and he child watch they go . ext . pond bluff road - day a dirt road run along the edge of the santee swamp , stretch toward green , roll hill beyond . beautiful country . peaceful . then , the ground begins to shake . a thunderous SOUND rise , louder and louder . horse hoove . from around a bend , a detachment of cavalry gallop : british GREEN dragoon . the finest light calvary in the world . hard , strong man . excellent horseman . they mount be powerful , muscle and perfectly care for . the dragoon themselves be all harden veteran , mark with the blood and dirt of a recent battle . tire and vigorous . they be armed to the tooth . each carry a flintlock carbine , a brace of pistol and a sword . some carry lance as well . regimental flag flutter . they be forty of the most impose , frightening horseman imaginable . and at they head , the most impose man of all , lt . colonel banastre tarleton . " the Butcher . " aristocratic . strong . Dark . a powerful horseman on the best mount of the entire troop . decorate . imperious . no temper , just hard , cold authority . his man struggle to keep up with he . behind they , two dozen loyalist militia calvary ( american civilian loyal to the crown ) . nasty , local man . civilian clothes . Riding at they head be amos gaskins , grizzle , lower -class , wear ill-fitting patrician 's clothing . around a bend the three wounded patriot who just leave marion 's farm hear the horse come , stand on the side of the road , raise they arm and a white cloth of surrender . the Green dragoon rein in . tarleton stop in front of the three man . he motion for one of he man to lower he weapon . then he speak calmly , quietly , to the wounded man . tarleton you be surrender . continental sergeant yes , sir . tarleton what unit ? continental sergeant first Virginia regular under Colonel Hamilton . tarleton who care for you wound ? they hesitate . continental sergeant we do . tarleton with a lace table cloth ? tarleton turn to he second - in - command , major wilkin . tarleton kill they . tarleton ride off . Wilkins and several other dragoon calmly FIRE there pistol , kill the three patriot . the troops ride off , thunder past the body of the three man . ext . pond bluff - day marion and he child tend the wounded . Gabriel , weak but walk , help . redcoat infantry appear out of the wood , head toward the house . Three dozen man . scout and flank unit cover the main body . marion gather he family around he , stand and wait . the redcoat get to the house , warily eye the wounded and marion 's family . a young redcoat lieutenant motion he man to check out the house and barn , then look at the wounded , do a silent count . he turn to marion . redcoat lieutenant this man be of my regiment . thank you . marion nod . one of the redcoat emerge from the house carry Gabriel 's dispatch case . redcoat rebel dispatch , sir . Gabriel step up . gabriel I carry that . I be wounded , this people give I care , they have nothing to do with the dispatch . redcoat lieutenant I understand . the SOUND of horse hoove . all turn and see : tarleton and the GREEN dragoon thunder down the road toward the house . it 's a impressive , frightening sight . they rein in they horse , stop in the yard , envelop by they trail cloud of dust . tarleton survey the scene , then speak to the young redcoat Lieutenant . tarleton Lieutenant , have a detachment take we wounded to we surgeon at camden crossing . use whatever horse and wagon you can find here . redcoat lieutenant yes , sir . he hand the dispatch case to tarleton . redcoat lieutenant we find this , sir . tarleton open it and quickly scan the content . tarleton who carry this ? gabriel I do . tarleton ( to Lt. be : Gabriel ) take this one to camden , he 's a spy . he will be hang . marion quickly step between tarleton and Gabriel . marion Colonel , he 's a dispatch rider and that 's a mark dispatch case . tarleton ignore marion and continue speak to the Lieutenant . tarleton Fire the house and barn . redcoat lieutenant yes , sir . marion Colonel ... redcoat lieutenant and the rebel wounded ? tarleton kill they . the redcoat Lieutenant and several of he man be shocked by the order . marion be , also , but he 's more concerned with Gabriel . he push past some redcoat and stand at tarleton 's mount , look up . marion a dispatch rider with a mark case cannot be hold for spying . tarleton finally pay attention to marion . he look down at he anguish face and offer the barest of smile . tarleton we be not go to hold he , we be go to hang he . marion but ... tarleton draw he pistol and point it at marion . Gabriel try to intercede but be hold back by a burly redcoat corporal . gabriel Father ... tarleton oh , he 's you son . you should have teach he about loyalty . marion Colonel , I beg you , please reconsider . by the rule of war , a dispatch rider with a mark case ... tarleton control he shifting mount , keep he pistol train on marion 's face . tarleton would you like a lesson in the rule of war ? marion do not answer . he look up at tarleton coldly , take he measure , wait to see if he 's go to pull the trigger . tarleton walk he horse a couple of step and shift he aim , point the pistol among marion 's child . tarleton perhaps you child would . the child be terrify . Thomas be more angry than frighten . marion quickly step between the pistol and he child and speak quietly to tarleton . marion no lesson be necessary . tarleton see the terrify expression on the face of marion 's child . he smile at the effect . then he holster he pistol . marion and he child watch as one of the redcoat tie Gabriel 's hand . Thomas be beside himself . thomas Father , do something . Thomas grow increasingly agitate . he see that he father be go to do nothing . he gauge the distance between Gabriel and the cover of the nearby wood . then suddenly , Thomas spring . he run , throwing himself , into the two redcoat hold Gabriel , knocking they down . thomas Gabriel ! run ! Gabriel be too shocked to take flight . a few of the redcoat , include one of the one knock down , shake they head with sad laughter at Thomas ' ineffectual gesture . one of they grab Thomas by the scruff of the neck and yank he to he foot . tarleton see the commotion . without pause he draw he pistol and fire , hitting thomas in the back . thomas be throw to he knee by the shot . stun , confuse , he look down and see the massive exit wound in he chest . marion , horrify , catch Thomas as he fall , ease he to the ground . margaret cry out . the other child be stunne to silence . the redcoat be freeze in place . tarleton 's GREEN dragoon be impassive , have see worse . marion hold he son , look at the huge , incomprehensible wound . he know that Thomas be already dead , though he body still move . marion be stunne agony turn to fury . he rise , he eye train on tarleton , then stop as ... tarleton raise a second load pistol and a dozen GREEN dragoon raise pistol and carbine , aim they at marion and he child . marion freeze , tear between he fury and fear for he other child . he lock he eye on tarleton . tarleton calmly bath in marion 's anger . then , with a hard yank of the rein , he jerk he horse 's head around and utter a sharp command to Wilkins . tarleton Major . tarleton spur he horse and ride off without look back . his GREEN dragoon thunder after he . marion' child begin to cry . Margaret try to revive Thomas ' lifeless body , gently caress he cheek . margaret Thomas , please , Thomas ... the redcoat watch in silence . marion look at gabriel and turn to the redcoat Lieutenant . marion Lieutenant , please ... the Lieutenant waver , but he look after the depart tarleton and he resolve stiffen . he turn coldly to marion . redcoat lieutenant I have my order . sergeant ! the redcoat infantrymen scatter , some to get horse and wagon from the barn , other to torch the building . marion stand among the child , all of whom look to marion with plead eye , wait for he to do something . margaret papa , look what they do to Thomas ... nathan Father , they be go to take Gabriel ... with stone - face fury , marion watch the redcoat do they work . from the barn , they hear the sound of musket firing and the squeal of the livestock be kill . other redcoat torch the house , barn and outbuildings . the flame rise . the redcoat bring out marion 's wagon and carriage and begin load the redcoat wounded . the redcoat Lieutenant and several of he man walk among the Patriot wounded who start to struggle to they foot , begging for mercy . the redcoat quickly OPEN FIRE , as if to get it over with . the wounded patriot cry out . more shot . then silence . gabriel , he hand bound behind he , look to he father with a combination of resoluteness and fear . marion lock eye with he . nathan Father , you can not let they take he ... marion quiet . marion and the child watch as the redcoat form up and move out , lead Gabriel on a tether . Gabriel look back helplessly but a hard jerk on the rope by one of the redcoat turn he around . they disappear around a bend in the road . the instant the redcoat be out of sight , marion speak firmly to he weep child . marion do not move . marion stride to he front door and enter the burning house . inside , FIRE everywhere . pick a route between the flame , marion walk to he gun cabinet . he open it and pull out weapon -- two Pennsylvania rifle , two musket , two pistol , a long - blade knife and a wear tomahawk . he carry they , with powder horn and ammunition pouch back toward the door . marion walk out of the burning house . marion Nathan , Samuel ... without break stride , marion throw musket to Nathan and Samuel who catch they . marion Margaret , take William and Susan to the river shed . hide there . if we be not back by dawn , go up the river to the Richardson 's house . they will take you to you aunt Charlotte 's farm . Nathan , Samuel , and I be go to get Gabriel . margaret but what about Thomas ? marion leave he . take care of William and Susan . marion run off toward the wood , Nathan and Samuel follow . Margaret hesitates , then herd William and Susan toward the river . the house be envelop in flame . ext . wooded path - afternoon marion run , breathe hard , keep a punish , steady pace . Nathan and Samuel run behind , less wind than they father . marion make up with cold fury what he lack in youth . ext . wooded hillside - afternoon marion run up to the crest of a wood hill . slow . crawl the last few foot . Nathan and Samuel just behind he . look over the hillside . a path run through a glen , about fifty foot below . marion 's eye dart , absorb the terrain , look for advantage . he point . marion Nathan , there . Samuel , there . the boy go where they be tell . marion I will fire first . then , Nathan , kill whoever be stand close to Gabriel . Samuel , kill the last man in the line . they stagger under the weight of the order . marion notice but continue . marion after that , Samuel , load for Nathan . if something happen to I , put down you weapon and run as fast as you can , that way , downhill . hide in the brush by the river , then make you way home , get the other and go to aunt Charlotte 's farm . the boy hesitate . marion look at they firmly . marion boy ... steady . nathan &amp ; SAMUEL yes , father . marion disappear into the underbrush . down the path the dozen redcoat approach . lead Gabriel on the rope . ahead of they marion wait in the thick undergrowth . on the hillside , Nathan and Samuel grip they musket and exchange a frighten , troubled look . the redcoat enter the glen . marion wait , then pick he moment and fire , kill the redcoat Lieutenant with a shot to the chest . nathan and SAMUEL instantly FIRE , drop the last redcoat in the line and the one hold Gabriel 's rope . the redcoat stop in confusion ... gabriel kneel , out of the line of fire . the redcoat sergeant take command ... redcoat sergeant form by two ! back -to- back line ... marion kill the sergeant with a shot to the throat ... Samuel finish reloading , swap musket with Nathan who fire , dropping another redcoat . redcoat corporal ready ... marion fire , kill the corporal , the last man of rank ... marion duck to the side as a volley of redcoat musket FIRE tear into the spot mark by marion 's rifle smoke ... from this moment on , marion never stop moving . he stride rather than run , stay just inside the brush , offer only glimpsis of himself . he change he pace and direction repeatedly , ducking and weaving , fire and load while move . he never give the redcoat a stationary target , especially one mark by billow smoke from he flintlock . it 's a indian tactic and it work . the redcoat track he with there barrel , about to fire ... marion suddenly stop dead , reverse direction , several redcoat FIRE and miss . six redcoat leave . some prime , some reloading . a redcoat draw a bead on marion who drop to the ground and fire , kill he . Samuel , weeping as he load , hand a prime musket to Nathan who fire ... the redcoat turn they attention to the spot marked by nathan' smoke ... marion sees the redcoat aiming toward the boy . he instantly stride out into the OPEN , draw the redcoat ' attention from he son ... marion fire both he pistol , kill two redcoat ... one redcoat finish reloading ... marion rush he , shove aside the barrel and slam he in the face with the butt of the musket ... this be a different marion , a vicious , savage marion , kill with stun brutality ... marion drop he own expend rifle and catch the redcoat load musket before it hit the ground shove that musket into another redcoat 's belly and fire ... two redcoat leave , neither finish load ... marion charge , draw he tomahawk , ignore a glancing bayonet wound to the neck , hack a redcoat open ... splatter himself with blood ... the final redcoat , a cherubic - face young man , duck into the wood ... marion tear after he ... a footrace ... the young redcoat blasting through the brush ... the older marion , panting , lose ground ... a clearing ... the redcoat be almost to the cover of the tree on the far side ... marion throws he tomahawk which fly through the air and sink in the redcoat back ... marion run to the wounded redcoat , grab he hair , yank back he head and sly he throat ... then , without pause , marion wrench the tomahawk from the redcoat 's body , and race back toward he son ... at the glen Nathan and a weep Samuel , stunne at the carnage , stumble down the hillside toward Gabriel . marion run up and motion for they to stop . marion , check the redcoat , make sure they be all dead . marion Samuel , reload . Nathan , untie Gabriel . they quickly do so as marion pick up a load musket and scan the road and the underbrush . in a moment they be ready . marion find he own Pennsylvania rifle , then he and he son disappear into the underbrush . ext . pond bluff - day the house and barn smolder . Thomas ' body lie in the yard . nearby , the body of the Patriot wounded , now dead . ext . river shed - pond bluff - day Margaret wait in the shed with William and Susan . they hear a SOUND . approaching footstep . Margaret pull she sister and brother to she and wait . the door open . it 's marion and Gabriel , Nathan and Samuel . Margaret and the little one throw themselves into marion 's arm . Margaret notice the blood on marion . she hesitates but she relief tighten she embrace . ext . pond bluff - day marion , trail by he child , walk past the soldier ' body and the remain of they house . he kneel down next to Thomas ' body . on the ground marion see several of thomas ' lead soldier . he stare at they for a moment , pick they up and put they in he pocket . marion pick up Thomas and carry he up the hill toward the apple tree and Elizabeth 's grave . the child follow . ext . hilltop - pond bluff - day marion dig a grave . the child watch . the only sound be marion 's labor breathing , the rasp of the shovel and the rustle of dead leave blow along the ground by a soft wind . some dry leave catch on Thomas ' still wet blood , as if try to bandage he wound . ext . hilltop - pond bluff - day ( later ) marion put the last shovelful of dirt on the grave . near tear and unsure of what to do next , he turn to Elizabeth 's gravestone . the soft wind blow . marion listen . he turn and see he child look up at he . holding in he own tear , he gather the child around he and let 's they cry . marion there , there ... he 's alright ... he 's with you mother now ... he stiffen , speak formally : marion Lord , we pray that you accept this child , Thomas marion and give he a place at you side with he mother . we ask that you embrace he and help we to understand the manner in which you mercy work . this we ask , in you name . amen . marion' child amen . marion look at Elizabeth 's grave , then he gently ease he child away . ext . bennington overlook - day marion and he child stop at the overlook , see the santee River valley spread out before they . the smoke from two dozen farm rise . gabriel the morgan , the halsey , Williams , stanton ... the smoke from the separate fire join together high in the sky , form what look like stormcloud . they walk on . ext . charlotte's farm - night marion and he child wait in the cover of the wood . they see a pair of shadow figure come toward they from the house , Gabriel and Charlotte . gabriel Father , it 's safe . marion hustle the child out of the wood . int . bedroom - night Charlotte sit , hold a sleep Susan . the other child lie awake on pallet . marion , still streak with dry blood and sweat , tuck William and Margaret into bed . marion sleep , now . marion move on to Nathan . nathan Father ... I kill that man ... marion do not blame yourself , you do what I tell you to do . nathan I be glad I kill they ... I be glad ... marion be not . he turn to Samuel who 's cry - out . marion reach out to touch he but Samuel recoil from marion 's blood -streak hand . marion sigh and tuck he in . marion try to get some sleep . marion move to take Susan from Charlotte who shake she head . charlotte I will stay with they . marion nod and leave Charlotte with the child . int . charlotte's live room - night marion enter . he start to pace but grow unsteady . he rear back as if scream but no sound come from he mouth , as he look upstairs , know he child be search for the solace of sleep . he open a cabinet , pull out a bottle of liquor , pour and drink . then another . the SOUND of horsemen . Gabriel walk in . tire . grim . gabriel how be they ? marion just shake he head . gabriel Gates be at hillsboro with the Continental Army . I will leave in the morning to join he . marion nod . marion and Gabriel stand in silence for a long moment , neither one find word . then Gabriel speak softly . gabriel I will tend my horse . he leave marion alone . int . charlotte's farmhouse - night ( later ) marion stare at the fireplace . Charlotte walk in carry a pitcher and fresh clothing . charlotte they be asleep . marion be silent . Charlotte pour water into a washbowl and motion to marion . he take off he shirt . she begin clean away the blood and tend the wound on he neck . marion how do this ... how do I let this happen ? charlotte you could not have know . marion I should have know ... once I would have ... I use to be wary ... and today I watch my son kill before my eye ... you sister civilized I and I damn myself for have let she ... charlotte Thomas be dead but you have do nothing for which you should be ashamed . marion I have do nothing and for that I be ashamed . she look at he closely . charlotte if you go , I will care for they as if they be my own . marion I will leave in the morning with Gabriel . he stare past she , look at the flame in the fireplace . she tend he wound . ext . porch - charlotte's farmhouse - morning marion and Gabriel finish saddle they horse . marion embrace Nathan and Samuel . then he turn to Margaret , William and Susan . william when will you be back ? marion I do not know , William . william tomorrow ? marion wince . Margaret put she arm around William . margaret no , not tomorrow . marion kiss they both , then move on to Susan , try to coax a word out of the silent four - year - old : marion Goodbye ? she just look at he . marion just one word ? Goodbye ? that 's all I want . Susan shake she head . he sigh , rise and turn to Charlotte . they hesitate , then embrace , hugging deeply but a bit awkwardly , hold each other just a moment longer than one would expect . she look up at he ... he kiss she on the cheek . marion mount up . and he and Gabriel head off , Susan , unnotice and unheard , whisper : susan Goodbye . marion and Gabriel ride away . ext . camden road - day marion and Gabriel ride past the sign of a small skirmish . body . abandon wagon . Dead horse . a burn farm . ext . camden hillside - day marion and Gabriel ride to the crest of a hill . a vista spread out before they . they see a awesome sight -- a massive slash of red approach a massive slash of blue . a battle be take place about five mile away . Gabriel start to spur he horse but marion restrain he . marion no , it 's too late . Gabriel stop . marion point out brightly color cluster of man behind each army . marion Command post ... Patriot ... british ... the distant slash of red stop . marion and Gabriel hear only a gentle wind and some nearby songbird . then , from a black mass of the side of the red slash , a sudden , silent eruption of white smoke . a instant later , the blue slash quiver . a moment later the SOUND of the cannon , rumble up the hill and roll over marion and Gabriel . the red slash stop move . it darken as thousand of redcoat raise they musket and the front rank kneel into fire position . marion 's eye dart . he know what 's come . marion break for the tree ... break for the tree ... a massive eruption of white smoke billow from the red slash . a instant later , the blue line start to break up as hundred of distant patriot fall . the SOUND of the british musket reach marion and Gabriel like the patter of rain . then the smoke of ineffective , scatter volley erupt from the Patriot line . the red line hold firm . marion send they to cover ! goddamn you ! but the blue line of the patriot stay in the open field . from behind the redcoat , fast - moving GREEN and red mass move quickly onto the battlefield . cavalry . gabriel Father , we have to do something ... the british cavalry slam into the blue line , shatter it . tiny bit of blue move in every direction . gabriel Father ... marion it 's already over . marion watch , appal . at this distance the move slashes of color and billow smoke be strangely beautiful . marion turn he horse and head down the hill , toward the rear of the Patriot line . ext . american encampment - night a nightmare . scream of agony . a few hundred batter , Patriot survivor treat they wounded and prepare to move out . the battle , so bloodless and beautiful at a distance , have , in its aftermath , become horrifically painful and ugly . marion and Gabriel ride into camp , pass nervous sentries and a field surgery which be surround by pool of blood and amputate leg and arm . marion see harry lee at a make - shift command post , bark order , try to pull thing together . lee damn you , sergeant , do not move the wounded twice , put they straight on the wagon from the surgeon . patriot sergeant yes , sir . lee Lieutenant , detail man for outrider . we move out as soon as the wounded be ready . lieutenant yes , sir . the Lieutenant rush off . Lee notice marion and Gabriel , surprised to see they . he jerk he head for they to follow he into : lee' command tent once out of sight of the man , Lee lose he command bear . exhausted , he lean on he campaign table and look closely at marion , ask with he eye why marion be here . marion Green dragoon come to my home , kill my son , Thomas . it be tarleton himself . lee I be sorry . marion I be sorry I be not here for this . lee there 's nothing you could have do , Gates be a damned fool . marion we see . lee I begge he to stay in the cover of the tree but he insisted the only way to break cornwallis be muzzle - to-muzzle . he spend too many year in the british army . marion where be he now ? lee last anyone see , riding hard , northeast , he staff a hundred yard behind , try to catch up . marion who 's in command ? lee I be , I think . marion what be my order ? Lee give marion a tired smile . lee if you want order , I have get some for you . Lee roll out a map for marion and Gabriel . lee we be a breath away from lose this war . in the North , Washington be reeling from Valley Forge , run and hide from Clinton and twelve thousand redcoat . ( point ) here in the South , cornwallis have break we back . he capture over five thousand of we troops when he take Charleston and today he destroy the only army that stand between he and New York . marion so now cornwallis will head north , link up with Clinton and finish off Washington . lee and patriot will start die on the gallow instead of the battlefield . ( beat ) unless we can keep cornwallis in the South until the french arrive . a treaty be sign at versaille after we victory at Saratoga . the french be send a fleet and ten thousand troops . marion when ? lee fall , six month at the earliest . marion Long time . lee the bigger problem be where , not when . the french fleet will not sail north of the chesapeake for fear of early storm . marion so you be go to try to keep cornwallis in the South until then . lee not I , you . I be go north with every Continental regular I can find to reinforce Washington or he will not last six week . marion you expect cornwallis to be hold here by militia ? lee not hold , just slowed down . marion they be nothing but farmer and you be ask they to try to keep a tiger in they backyard . they would be better off let it move on . lee they would be better off , but the cause would not be . marion how many man do cornwallis have under he command ? lee four thousand infantry and around six hundred cavalry ... ( beat ) ... include the Green dragoon under tarleton . at the mention of tarleton , marion nod . marion I will do what I can . Lee quickly write something . lee I be give you a field commission as a colonel . he hand it to marion . Gabriel step forward . gabriel Colonel Lee , I request a transfer to Colonel marion 's command . lee grant . Lee scribbles another order and hand it to Gabriel . then he turn to marion . lee good luck . marion nod . they duck out of the tent . ext . american encampment - night ( later ) marion and Gabriel stand watch Lee and he Continental regular move out . Gabriel turn to marion . gabriel what now , sir ? marion we put out the word . we will start along the south side of the santee ... gabriel we would cover more ground if we split up . marion it 's safer if we stay together . Gabriel step in front of marion . gabriel Colonel , I do not request this transfer because you be my father . I request it because I believe in this cause and this be where I can do the most good . marion oh ? gabriel I have be do this for two year . I be the best scout in the Continental Army , the best horseman , the best shot , the best scavenger and I know every deer path and swamp trail between here and Charleston . marion be that so ? gabriel yes , sir . ( beat ) my father teach I . marion look at Gabriel closely . marion do you father teach you humility ? gabriel he try . it do not take . marion look Gabriel up and down . marion alright , corporal , you take bennington , harrisville , acworth and the farm along Black swamp . I will take the north side of the river . we will meet at snow 's Island . gabriel yes , sir . they mount up . marion and , corporal ... ( beat ) ... be careful . gabriel yes ... ( beat ) ... father . they ride off in different direction . ext . bradford village - night marion ride into a small village , pass several body in blue Continental uniform , hang from lamppost . marion stop in front of a tavern , dismount and enter . int . tavern - bradford - night as marion walk in he 's greet by cold stare from half - a-dozen man , huddle over they drink . marion I be look for John billing . bartender he 's dead . marion look closely at the grim , suspicious man . marion if he come back from the dead , tell he Francis marion be look for he . bartender I will be sure to do that . as marion turn to leave he notice a open bottle of madeira on one of the table . he stop . marion I will wait . miracles happen . a stand -off . then , a hulk figure appear in the shadow at the back doorway . he 's JOHN billing , big , coarse , about marion 's age . billing jerk he head for marion to join he in the back room . int . back room - tavern - night Dark . marion and billing talk over a bottle . billing you expect to hold cornwallis with militia ? marion I expect to try . billing trust you and Harry Lee . remember that damned overland you two think up in ' 62 to hit Fort Louis ? marion it work . how many man can you raise ? billing not many . dalton , Scott , they have get they reason ; Rev. Oliver , he believe in the cause ; some of the young buck ; a few like I with nothing to lose ... ( beat ) what about you ? you have get a lot to lose . marion drain he glass and stand up . marion you come , or not ? billing drain he glass . they walk out together . ext . tavern - bradford - night marion and billing ride away from the tavern , pass the hang Patriot body . ext . snow' island - santee swamp - night a cacophony of bird and insect . swamp maple and willow form a canopy over moss - cover mound and pool of plant - choke water . Gabriel lead several man , riding along a dry path that snake through the swamp . they cross a narrow land bridge onto a wood island , join a dozen- and - a- half man , include marion who kneel at a campfire . close shot : several of Thomas ' brightly paint lead soldier melt in a cast-iron pan . the little man fall to they knee then lose form , turn into bubbling , molten metal . the new arrival dismount and greet the other . Gabriel step up behind marion and watch as he pour the lead into a bullet mold , close the lid and dip the mold into a bucket of water which hiss and steam . gabriel Father , this war be about more than Thomas . marion do not look up . marion be it ? gabriel if you be here only for revenge , you be do a disservice to he as well as yourself . marion how old be you ? gabriel you know how old I be . marion God help we all when you be forty . marion put some more lead soldier into the pan . Gabriel shake he head , turn away and go to tend he horse . ext . snow' island encampment - morning Day break . a low , thick swamp mist cover the encampment . marion , sit alone by the ember of last night 's campfire . the man be awake . some eat , other talk . marion pull himself out of he dark reverie . he take the bullet from the mold and put they in a pouch attach to he weapon ' belt . then he rise and head over to the man . he survey he brigade . twenty - six man : framer , artisan , mountain man , none in uniform . marion walk among they , nodd familiarly to several . he notice a impose look Cherokee indian , brother joseph , stand a bit apart from the other . they exchange nod . he notice a stern -look man in partial clerical garb , rev . charle oliver . marion reverend . rev . oliver I hear about you son . I be sorry . marion accept he condolence . he note GEORGE dalton , a tough -look , rustic man with a ice-cold , distant stare . marion dalton . dalton do not respond . marion recognize another face , abner brown , African - american , around thirty , rugge . marion address the man who do not gather around so much as just give he they attention . marion you all have you own reason for be here . I lose a son and I intend to kill the man who kill he ... marion pause and look over at Gabriel . marion ... but I do not consider that man 's life adequate payment for the life of my son , and kill he will not keep the son of other man from die ... Gabriel nod , approvingly . marion cornwallis have to move north . we have to keep he right here . if he 's south of the chesapeake when the french arrive , if the french arrive , we have a chance of win this war . marion look from face to face . marion eat , get some rest , we move out in two hour . marion head back to he campsite , pass Gabriel without look at he , but very aware of he son 's eye on he . ext . british field headquarters - camden - day a massive british army field encampment . thousands of well - armed , veteran troops . large detachment of redcoat march through endless row of tent . some be battle - wear , other be fresh troops move out . tarleton and he GREEN dragoon , cover with dirt and sweat , ride into the encampment . tarleton and Wilkins peel off , riding to the front of a farmhouse that have be commandeer for british headquarters . they dismount and stride in . int . cornwallis ' headquarters - camden farmhouse - day british officer , clerk and aide work . they be in good spirit . lord cornwallis , a proud man , comfortable with command , coldly note one of he officer slapping another on the back . major huntington roll out a map for cornwallis . cornwallis gentlemen . the officer gather around the map . cornwallis Major , this be not a adequate map . major huntington we have better come on the trail supply convoy from Charleston . cornwallis a useful place for we map . major huntington I be sorry , sir , it will not happen again . tarleton enter , follow by Wilkins . cornwallis my harrier . join we , Colonel . tarleton sir. tarleton and Wilkins join they around the map . cornwallis gentlemen , celebration be premature . we have a difficult campaign ahead of we . we be in predominately hostile country and we can not rely on forage . as we move north , the bulk of we supplies will reach we by sea , through Charleston , which will give we a long and vulnerable supply line , one that can only be secure if the local be loyal to the crown . cornwallis ' officer ( multiple ) yes , sir . cornwallis turn to he field officer , pay particular attention to tarleton . cornwallis Nonetheless , we must remember that this be a civil war ... tarleton proudly hold cornwallis ' look . cornwallis this colonial be we brethren and when this conflict be over , we will be reestablishing commerce with they . surrender troops will be give quarter and unwarranted assault on civilian will cease . Wilkins shift uneasily . tarleton be not cow . cornwallis I expect this war to be fight in a vigorous but civilized manner . cornwallis look at he other officer . cornwallis have I make myself clear , gentleman ? officer ( multiple ) yes , sir . cornwallis shift he eye back to tarleton who be not among that who speak . tarleton pointedly pause a moment , then say : tarleton yes , sir . cornwallis turn he attention back to the map . his man gather around . ext . cornwallis ' field headquarters - camden - day tarleton and Wilkins walk out and mount up . wilkin I believe he be speak to we , Colonel . tarleton do you know that Lord cornwallis ' father be a tenant on the estate of my grandfather ? tarleton jerk he rein and ride off . Wilkins laugh and follow . ext . wooded road - day a british supply train of several dozen wagon , a herd of horse and accompany redcoat make its way . on a wooded hillside , Gabriel lie on the ground , observe the convoy . he ease back , mount up , and ride off . ext . bridge - santee river - day marion and he man wait , well - hide in the brush on a rise , just above the bridge . Gabriel ride up . gabriel less than a mile . forty - one wagon , a company of redcoat infantry , horse at the rear . marion flanking rider ? gabriel I do not see any . marion nod and motion to he man who check they weapon and pass the word . Gabriel tie up he horse and take a position near he father . ext . santee road - night the british convoy round the curve . when two - third of the wagon have cross the bridge , marion fire , kill the redcoat of high rank , a captain . billing and dalton heave corked bottle which break , spread they oily content on the wooden bridge . brother joseph fire a flaming arrow , ignite the oil . the bridge burst into flame , cut off the tail of the convoy , stranding a dozen wagon and the herd of horse on marion 's side of the river . a redcoat lieutenant take command . redcoat lieutenant across the river ! cover fire ! double rank ! marion call to he man . marion epaulet first ... kill the officer . marion and he man FIRE a withering volley , killing all redcoat of rank -- two lieutenant , a sergeant and several corporal . the leaderless redcoat private take cover as marion 's man OPEN up on the redcoat on they side of the river . marion the wagon ! with half of he man firing cover , marion and the other half run to the wagon , pass redcoat dead and wounded ... dalton , notice a wounded redcoat and pause ... the redcoat look up imploringly at dalton who finish reloading , then coldly fire , killing the helpless redcoat ... marion , Gabriel and Rev. Oliver see dalton kill the wounded redcoat as they race toward the wagon , british musketball splintering tree all around they ... the horse nearest the burn bridge be terrify , bucking and rearing , struggling in they trace ... marion leap into the seat of one wagon . Gabriel and billing grab the rein of two more wagon . the redcoat keep up a steady FIRE . two of marion be men fall , one dead another wounded . marion , Gabriel and billing struggle to control the frightened horse , back they up around the curve to the cover of the wood . marion' rearguard , brother Joseph , abner , Dan Scott and other , withdraw in leapfrog , firing back across the river . british musket ball slam into the tree and splinter the wagon ... another of marion 's man be wounded . two of he comrade heave he onto one of the wagon ... as marion 's man get the wagon turn and unblocked from each other , they drive they off , one after another ... brother Joseph , abner and the rest of the rearguard make it to marion and leap into he wagon ... marion snap the rein and they thunder off , away from the burning bridge and the firing redcoat . ext . snow' island - day marion 's man tend they wounded and look through the british wagon , take inventory . rev . oliver ... two -hundre -sixty -six Brown bess musket , forty - one cask of powder , ball , tamping ... billing we have enough arm for a army . now all we need be a army . marion check out a wagon full of tool with dan scott and rob field , a couple of sharp - eye craftsman . they overlap dialogue , rapidly speak the private language of colonial artisan . scott reamer , boring tool ... marion swage , broach , etching tool ... field a roll gunsmith 's shop ... scott we can rifle that musket barrel ... field get another hundred yard out of them ... marion we will need a forge ... scott easy enough ... marion we have get clay to make a chamber ... field oak to make charcoal ... scott oil cloth and barrel stave to make a bellow ... marion and we can yank a wagon wheel , weight it , rig a piston and drive shaft and we will have a flywheel to power the bellow ... Scott and field exchange a impressed look . scott ( to field ) that 's why he 's a colonel . Scott and field roll up they sleeve and get to work . marion hear a commotion of barking dog and yelling men and stride over to find billing cower before two huge great dane who stand guard at one of the wagon . billing shoot they ! shoot the damn thing ! dalton prepare to do so . marion put that pistol down ! scott they follow we from the bridge . they will not let anyone near the wagon . marion step forward , speak softly but firmly to the dog . marion stay ... stay ... stay ... the dog waver between obey marion and rip out he throat . marion do not you growl at I ! the dog decide to obey . marion let they sniff he hand , then firmly pat they . marion now let 's see what 's in this wagon . Rev. Oliver and abner join he . billing ease past the dog . abner open a large case and find it fill with bottle . abner rum , french Champagne , madeira , Port ... billing no wonder they be guard it . Gabriel open a trunk and find it fill with powder wig , all perfectly coif and store on head - shape wig - stand . Rev. Oliver open one of several identical case and find it fill with papers . rev . oliver my heaven , personal correspondence of ... Lord cornwallis . marion grab some papers , scan they , then find match case on nearby wagon . marion this four wagon must be he . gabriel and the dog , too , I will wager . billing I say we drink the wine , shoot the dog , and use the papers for musket wadding . marion his journal , letter , map , book ... abner call from another wagon . abner Colonel , we get a wagon full of officer 's uniform and more powder and musket here . ignoring abner , marion , sit down on a stump with a pile of cornwallis ' papers and start to read . ext . snow' island - night marion sit at cornwallis ' ornate , fold campaign desk , read cornwallis ' journal , surround by cornwallis ' field gear which include furniture , music box , oil painting and a elaborate fold commode . the two great dane sit nearby , eyeing marion warily . the man have divide themselves into two group , one coarse , the other civilized , each cluster around a separate fire . the coarse man , include dalton , brother Joseph and randolph , a grizzle , black - toothe mountain man , drink and laugh loudly , wear cornwallis ' wig askew . the civilized man , include Rev. Oliver , Gabriel , Scott , field and abner , talk quietly . marion put down the journal and walk over to the campfire where the rougher man be gather . he stand just inside the firelight and speak loudly , so that all can hear : marion today be hard earn but a good start . marion look at dalton , then turn to the other man as well . marion in the future wounded british soldier will be give quarter . dalton like they give quarter to my family ? my wife and three child be hide in we root cellar when they come . the redcoat lock the door and torch the house . marion you have my sympathy ... but the order stand . dalton and who be you to give a order like that ? we all know what you do after Fort wilderness . that hit home but marion remain calm . marion I be you commanding officer . this be militia , not regular army . I can not hold you here , but as long as you stay , you will follow my order . marion look from face to face . most begrudgingly nod . that 's enough for marion . as he head back to he own campfire he 's intercept by Rev. Oliver who speak to he out of earshot of the other man , except for Gabriel and billing who overhear . rev . oliver thank you . marion for what ? rev . oliver for try to impose some decency on that sort . marion do not depend on my decency . I be one of that sort . marion walk on . Rev. Oliver exchange a look with Gabriel , then head off . as marion join Gabriel and billing at he campfire , billing grip he bottle . billing be I one of that sort ? marion you be the worst of that sort . you be the sort that give that sort a bad name . billing consider that , then shrug and take a long drink . he hand the bottle to marion who take a equally long drink . marion pick up he Pennsylvania rifle . marion I be go to check the watch . he disappear into the darkness leave Gabriel and billing at the campfire . gabriel he should not make light . that redcoat should not have be kill . billing he 's not make light . Gabriel shoot billing a dubious look . billing you do not know he very well , do you ? gabriel he 's my father . billing look closely at Gabriel . gabriel I know he well enough ? billing do not fault he for have grow up on the frontier . it be a harder time and a harder place than you know . Gabriel look at billing , then turn back to the fire . ext . snow' island - dawn the man be beginning to stir , gather around the campfire , cooking , use pot , pan and other gear from the steal british wagon . marion read cornwallis ' journal . he look up , stretch and walk over to a campfire where Gabriel , billing and Rev. Oliver cook . the dog follow at a distance . billing well ? marion I have just be inside the mind of a genius . Lord cornwallis know more about war than I could in a dozen lifetime . billing cheerful news to greet the morn . marion his victory at Charleston and camden be perfect , strategically , tactically , logistically . but he have a weakness . they all turn to marion . marion Lord cornwallis be brilliant . his weakness be that he know it . gabriel Father ? marion pride be he weakness . the man consider that . billing personally , I would prefer stupidity . marion pride will do . begin montage : Series of shot as follow : -- a volley of musket FIRE erupt from some thick underbrush , cut down half of a squadron of redcoat on the march . the survive redcoat FIRE back into the tree at unseen target to little effect . -- marion ride with about fifty man . -- a british supply convoy make its way through the wood . suddenly , marion 's man appear , rise up from the ground as if by magic , have be camouflage by leave and brush . they OPEN FIRE on the convoy escort , which hold for a moment , then flee . -- marion ride with about seventy - five man . -- cornwallis finish read a dispatch and furiously fling it across the room . -- marion ride with about one hundred man . -- snow 's Island . marion and he man do a inventory of a large haul of steal british supply wagon . the booty include dozen of brass musical instrument , some of which marion 's man blare in celebration . -- marion ride with about one-hund - fifty man . -- marion , Gabriel , and some of the other man watch as the flame support of a burning wooden bridge collapse into a river . -- a seethe cornwallis stand at the same spot , look at the char , now cool , remain of the bridge . cornwallis angrily mount up and ride off . his contrite staff officer mount up and follow . -- snow 's Island . marion sit with he muddy foot on cornwallis ' campaign desk , read cornwallis ' journal , with cornwallis ' great dane at he side . ext . camden - night glitter light shine from the camden Inn , a grand structure in the center of town . a line of opulent carriage discharge well - dress passenger , arrive for a ball . lady in they finery . patrician husband . redcoat and Green dragoon officer in magnificent dress uniform . int . cornwallis ' personal quarter - evening cornwallis , stand in front of a full - length mirror , be dress by he valet while Major halbert , Colonel huntington and tarleton look on . cornwallis why be I here , Colonel halbert ? major halbert for the ball , sir ? cornwallis hold he temper . cornwallis why , after six week , be we still here to attend a ball . by now , we should be attend ball in North Carolina , not South Carolina . major halbert we supply line , sir ? cornwallis excellent guess , Major . the valet put a dress coat on cornwallis who look at the garment with deep disdain . cornwallis and what , praytell , be this ? valet uh ... I borrow it from Colonel North . I take it in at the back , add wider epaulet , a court sash and looped gold braid on the cuff ... cornwallis it 's a horse blanket . ( to Major halbert ) first my personal baggage , then half the bridge and ferries between here and Charleston burn , a dozen convoy attack . Colonel , if you can not secure we supply line against militia , how do you expect to do so against Colonial regular or the french when they come ? colonel halbert Sir , they be not like regular , we can not find they and we do not know when or where they be go to strike . cornwallis how impolite . and who lead this clever , secretive fellow ? colonel halbert we do not know , sir . he 's call , the Commander by some , the swamp Fox by other . cornwallis Colonel , I be a civilized man but I be find to difficult to remain civil . secure my supply line . colonel halbert yes , sir . cornwallis look at he reflection with dismay , sigh and stride out . tarleton , amused , follow . ext . camden STREET - night at the far end of town marion , Gabriel , billing , dalton , Scott and several other man slip through the shadow into a alley . the light from the ball shine from down the street and the musical strain of a minuet drift to they through the night . ext . armory - night a block - like building on the far edge of town . a pair of redcoat stand guard . a pair of drunken redcoat stagger out of a side - street , singing a mumbling song . the redcoat guard look at the drunk redcoat enviously . redcoat guard hey , what you get there ? the drunken redcoat look up , bring they face into the light -- the drunken redcoat be billing and dalton . billing we get we own little party ... dalton to hell with the officer and they fancy dress ball ... guard give we a nip , here . billing and dalton walk over to the redcoat guard . as the guard reach for the bottle , billing slam one of the guard back against the building ... dalton draw a knife and plunge it into the second guard 's belly and hack he OPEN ... dalton shove billing out of the way , sly the other guard throat . billing be take aback by the speed and ferocity of dalton 's attack ... marion and Scott duck into the shadow of the doorway , pull out hammer - less carve chisel and quickly and silently start gouging out the wood around the hinge of the heavy door . billing and dalton take the post of the guard while the other man drag the body of the real guard out of sight . everything appear as it should . int . ballroom - night Grand . opulent . cornwallis speak with a small gather of loyalist civilian , among whom be the spectacular mrs . talbot , who wear a dare dress that reveal a enormous expanse of bosom . at she side stand she toady of a husband , mr. talbot . mrs . talbot no ! the beast take you dog , as well ? cornwallis Fine animal , a gift from his majesty . Dead now , for all I know . mrs . talbot be there no decency ? mr. talbot among the rebel ? we know the answer to that . cornwallis yes , we have learn . int . / ext . camden armory - night marion and Scott shove they chisel through the door which fall away from the hinge . they all duck inside find barrel and cask of gunpowder , box of weapon and hundred of musket . Gabriel and the other load themselves up with the best of the weapon as marion open a cask and pour a trail of gunpowder across the floor . ext . balcony - camden inn - night cornwallis , take the night air with Mrs. Talbot , gaze at the moon , achieve the calculate effect . mrs . talbot you seem far away . cornwallis it 's the weight of command and the lot of a widower -- memory , loneliness ... ( with a self - deprecate laugh ) ... and long gaze at the moon . Mrs. Talbot sympathetically sigh and touch she fingertip to she heart which be conveniently locate inch above she stun cleavage . mrs . talbot oh , you poor man ... a massive explosion light up the night as a fireball erupt from the armory . british officer , include Major halbert and tarleton , rush out along with Mr. Talbot and other loyalist civilian . major halbert good God ! Mr. Talbot tear he eye from the flame and look at he wife , cling to cornwallis ' arm . mr. talbot this rebel seem to lack fear as well as decency , eh , General ? cornwallis register the insult , glance at the hapless Major halbert , then turn to tarleton . cornwallis Colonel tarleton , you deal with this damned rebel . tarleton yes , sir . tarleton smile grimly and stride off the balcony . ext . view of pembroke village - day the village of pembroke lie nestle in a valley , surround by till field and small farm . ext . pembroke village - day forty of marion 's man water they horse . marion , with the two great dane at he side , speak with peter GREEN , a middle - age storekeeper with a mark limp . GREEN ... four basket of apple , salt pork , sweet potato , jerky , hard tack , salt and powder . it 's not much , but I will get you more . marion we can not pay for this ... GREEN I will give you what I can , when I can . you pay I what you can . Green 's daughter , anne , very attractive , around sixteen , join they . Gabriel see she and sidle over . GREEN Francis , you remember my daughter , Anne . marion Nice to see you again , Anne . Gabriel clear he throat . Anne look at he coolly . anne I know who you be , Gabriel marion . the last time I see you , I be nine and you put ink in my tea . gabriel I ... uh ... that be not I , it be Samuel ... I mean Nathan ... anne it be you and it turn my tooth black for a month . gabriel uh ... uh ... I ... GREEN he 's sorry . come . Green head across the square where some townspeople be give marion 's man provision . Anne and Gabriel follow . marion turn to some wait man , new recruit . billing , nearby , read a posted broadsheet that announce : " reward offered : for the capture or death of the rebel know as ' the swamp Fox ' " . he tear it down and walk over to marion . marion ... and you term of enlistment will be month - to- month . every thirty day you can re-enlist or return to you family . reed , the sturdiest of the lot offer he hand to marion . reed I be in . the other nod in agreement . marion talk to abner and Scott about provision , powder and mount . the recruit head off . billing hand marion the want poster which marion glance at and crumble up . billing twenty man here , seventeen in New Brighton , a dozen along the Black River . we will pass three hundred by week 's end if this keep up . on the other side of the square Gabriel and several of marion 's man take supplies from Green , Anne , and some other townspeople . Gabriel look at Anne . gabriel if I would know you be go to look like this , I never would have put ink in you tea . anne you call that a compliment ? gabriel it 's a start . she give he a bit of a smile . he check out she tooth . gabriel they look nice . as white as can be . she try to glare but she can not help but laugh . marion and billing watch as Anne give Gabriel some apple which he toss into the air , one - by-one , catch they behind he back , a cocky move , execute with a disarming smile that make Anne laugh again . marion smile at he son 's flirtation . billing smile as well . billing he remind I of you before you get old and ugly . marion ( softly ) no , he take after he mother ... billing be take aback by the gentleness of marion 's word . marion ... the young one barely remember she but Gabriel spend more time with Elizabeth ... she teach he well , guide he , she be he North Star and mine ... she father be a minister , in Boston , do you know that ? billing nod . marion ... Gabriel 's already a better man than I could ever hope to be ... marion hear himself and pull he eye from Gabriel , adopt a coarse , joke tone . marion what do you mean , old and ugly ? billing you get I beat on both account . marion the hell I do . they mount up , grateful to leave the sincerity behind . Gabriel see marion and he man start to ride off . he say goodbye to Anne , then run to he horse , mounting with a dramatic leap . he gallop up , take he place at he father 's side . marion do not turn to look at he , but he know he 's there . ext . CAROLINA road - day a patchwork of field with a village visible in the distance . the rollins boy , 10 and 12 , work a field , harvest grain . hear the SOUND of horse ' hoove , they stop and listen . then they see a cloud of dust rise over the ridge line . grow excited , they throw down they scythes and race down the hillside , madly stumbling and fall , try to intersect the approach sound . at the bottom of the hill they pass they father , BEN rollins , who watch he son plant themselves on the side of the road , gaze in awe at : marion and he men , thundering by . they be a impressive sight , a hundred - and -fifty heavily armed man , on powerful mount , raise a cloud of dust as they gallop down the road . ext . charleston road - day marion and forty of he man , include Gabriel , sit on they motionless horse in the middle of the road . there be a number of new face among marion 's man , among they Ben rollins . Gabriel be lose in think . marion Gabriel ? be you asleep ? gabriel we be low on salt . I should go to pembroke and get some . billing you get salt last week . gabriel oh , right . ( beat ) baking powder , we need baking powder . billing we have get plenty of baking powder . you go to pembroke and get five pound two week ago . Gabriel sigh . they hear a SOUND approaching , then see two british wagon round a curve with a guard of only six redcoat , command by a redcoat sergeant . the redcoat sergeant signal stop . redcoat sergeant halt . look alive , boy . the young redcoat private nervously unshoulder there musket . marion sergeant , this road be close . that wagon now belong to the Continental Army . redcoat sergeant ready arm ! by twos ! marion 's surprised by the sergeant 's order . marion sergeant , there 's no reason for you and you man to die . just leave the wagon and go . redcoat sergeant steady , boy ... marion sigh and let loose with a piercing whistle . the underbrush part and more of marion 's man show themselves , musket levele at the outnumber redcoat . redcoat sergeant this be the King 's highway and I advise you and you man to make way . ( to he man ) prepare to fire . marion exchange a look with Rev. Oliver who , like marion , do not want to kill this man . see no other option , marion turn to give the order , then stop , hearing a faint barely detectable , rumbling SOUND ... a moment later brother Joseph hear it as well ... horse hoove , lot of they , grow louder by the second , thundering toward they from the road behind the british wagon ... then , the SOUND of more horse , come in fast on both flank . marion it 's a trap ... the canvas side of the british wagon be thrown up and dozen of redcoat , armed with musket , spill out ... marion 's unmounted man run to they horse , leaping into they saddle ... then GREEN dragoon appear , gallop down the wood slope on both flank , astonish horseman , weaving through the tree without slack they pace , sword drawn , pistol prime ... redcoat sergeant FIRE ! a thunderous volley erupt from the redcoat infantry , killing several of marion 's man ... marion 's man FIRE back from they bucking mount , most of they shot go awry ... behind the british wagon , a huge detachment of GREEN dragoon appear , tarleton among they ... marion sees the dragoon but not tarleton himself ... marion and he men spur they mount , take off down the road in the opposite direction ... the flanking body of dragoon gallop out of the wood , joining the MAIN body , riding in hard pursuit ... ext . wooded road - day marion and he man gallop down the road . the much larger body of Green dragoon thunder after they . ext . black swamp road - day marion and he man ride along a raise road that drop off into Black swamp on either side ... they round a curve and stop , reining back they horse in confusion as they see : fifty GREEN dragoon head straight toward they ... the dragoon OPEN FIRE from both direction , killing several more of marion 's man , wounding other ... marion 's man FIRE back as best they can , catch in the chaos of bucking and falling horse and wounded and dismounted men ... they remount , double - up with the wounded ... marion see a unaid wounded man . leap from he horse , heave he onto he horse , slap it ... marion 's man head off both side of the road into the swamp , struggle with they mount as they hit the knee - deep water ... marion on foot with four man , only three horse ... a dragoon , aim he pistol , thunder down on marion ... marion fire , kill the dragoon ... marion 's man mount , one motion to marion ... marion go ! marion 's man ride off , leave he alone ... a dragoon be almost on he , sword raised . marion , he weapon spend , see a thick branch on the ground , two foot long ... grab it ... the sword flash and sink deeply into the wood ... marion yank , bring the rider off he horse , grab the rein and swing himself up into the empty saddle . marion ride down the embankment ... the dragoon rein back , slowed by the dead horse and man . they spur they reluctant mount over the body and follow marion and he man into the swamp ... ext . black swamp - day marion ride hard , gallop along a circuitous , barely visible dry trail ... a moment later , tarleton and Green dragoon follow ... ext . deep in the swamp - evening marion catch up to a dozen of he man , include Gabriel and billing . several of the man be badly wounded , barely cling to they saddle ... they ride through the shallow water , get to a fork , split up . as they disappear into the swamp , the sound of they horse be swallow up in the loud buz of swamp insect and the cry of the swamp bird ... a moment later , tarleton and the vanguard of dragoon ride up . tarleton signal stop at the fork ... look ... nothing . listen ... nothing . choose a path , the one marion take . ride off , the dragoon follow ... ext . deeper in the swamp - night darker still . tarleton and he man come to a dead end , block by a heavy tangle of huge swamp fern and thorn bush . they rein back they horse , stop in a confuse mess . tarleton call to gaskins and the loyalist scout . tarleton which way ? gaskins this way ... no this ... I think ... tarleton make he own choice ... ride off ... the Green dragoon follow , the loyalist bring up the rear . ext . swamp morass - night tarleton and he mount dragoon struggle through a nearly impassable morass of swamp - grass , reed and swarm mosquito ... the exhaust dragoon be wet , cover with mud , and bleed from swamp briar . the horse be spend and foam ... tarleton struggle harder than any , but finally even he have have enough . he rein back he horse . tarleton halt ! tarleton glare into the impenetrable darkness of plant - choke water and swamp ... tarleton enough of this . there be other way to run down a fox . tarleton yank on he rein , turn he horse and start back the way they come . his grateful man turn they horse and follow . in the undergrowth , marion , Gabriel , billing and three badly wounded man , with only four horse between they , calm they mount ... they can hear , but not see the dragoon . then , through the thick undergrowth , marion catch a glimpse of tarleton ... Gabriel , tend the wounded man , see he father lock he eye on tarleton ... marion quickly open he weapon pouch and pull out one of the bullet he make from Thomas ' lead soldier . walk to he horse , marion load ... marion mount , scan the terrain , plan a route ... gabriel Father , no ... as marion spur he horse to ride after tarleton , Gabriel grab the bridle . he yank hard , stop marion 's horse dead . the horse buck , nearly throw marion ... marion that 's he . tarleton . marion spur the horse which try to respond but be jerked back again by Gabriel . marion angrily turn on he son ... marion damn you ! let go ! Gabriel look up at he father , never loosen he iron grip on the bridle but speak softly , almost pleadingly : gabriel Father , please ... marion look down at Gabriel . then marion look over at billing and the three wounded man ... one bleed from a ugly neck wound ... they share mount be nearly spend ... marion take a last look in the direction of the depart tarleton . then he dismount and hurry over to help the wounded . Gabriel watch he father for a moment , then join he with the wounded . ext . wooded glen - night Dark . marion and he batter man gather , take stock . Men drift in , mount and on foot in one and twos , past wary sentries . gabriel ride up , dismount and report to marion , out of earshot of the other man . gabriel fourteen dead , eleven wounded , eighteen capture . marion I should have kill he when I have the chance ? gabriel when be that ? in the swamp at the expense of you man ? or when he kill Thomas at the expense of you family ? marion no ... gabriel or perhaps tomorrow at the expense of we cause . marion be silent . gabriel there will be a time and a place for revenge but kill tarleton at the expense of you duty serve no one but yourself . ( beat ) stay the course . the parental - sounding formality of Gabriel 's word bring a thin smile to marion 's face . marion stay the course ... you mother use to say that to I when I would get drunk or lose my temper . gabriel she would say it to I when I pick on Thomas or Nathan . marion you learn she lesson better than I . gabriel she get I at a more impressionable age . marion smile , nod a silent thanks to he son and head over to help with the wounded . ext . marion' encampment - night a cold , winter rain fall . most of marion 's grim man be huddle in lean - to 's and around campfire . Green and several other pembroke townspeople unload a wagon of supplies while marion , Scott and field stow the provision . Gabriel and Anne sit at a fire , under the cover of a lean - to , take quietly . he 's troubled . she try to be hopeful . anne next time we will bring more blanket . gabriel that would be nice . anne maybe we will be lucky this winter and have just rain , no snow . gabriel that would be nice , too . she take a pot off the campfire and pour he a cup of tea . anne just because the french do not come this fall , do not mean they be never go to come . he nod and take a drink of the tea . she smile . Gabriel smile back to she , revealing a mouthful of ink - stain , black tooth . before she have time to laugh ... rollins ride hard into camp . marion hurry over , accompany by the great dane . the other man gather around . rollins they be to be hang ! gabriel but they be prisoner - of - war ! marion be not as surprised as Gabriel . he be , however , take aback by Gabriel 's black tooth . Gabriel notice everyone look at he mouth . Anne be embarrassed and regretful , see she joke fly in the face of the troubling news . ext . fort CAROLINA - day a redcoat sentry see a lone figure on horseback ride out of distant wood . it 's Rev. Oliver , carry a white flag with one hand , hold a dispatch case in the other . the sentry call to the Commander of the watch . redcoat sentry sir. int . cornwallis ' headquarters - fort CAROLINA - day a temporary hq have be set up in a commandeer farmhouse . cornwallis stand uncomfortably while a tailor measure he and mark alteration on a partially complete uniform . tarleton enter . tarleton General , a message from the commander of the rebel militia . cornwallis read the message . cornwallis it seem we swamp Fox want to have a formal parley . tarleton be you go to meet with he ? cornwallis most certainly . arrange it . ext . CAROLINA road - day marion ride , trail by cornwallis ' great dane . behind he , two dozen heavily armed patriot , include Rev. Oliver who carry a white flag . a detachment of redcoat cavalry , lead by Major halbert , wait . the redcoat fall in on either side . they ride on . ext . fort CAROLINA - day redcoat sentries see the approach patriot and redcoat and open the gate . billing and the other patriot stop , a hundred yard outside the barricade . marion alone ride through the gate , flanke by the british cavalry , the great dane follow closely behind . int . cornwallis ' headquarters - day Major halbert usher marion in . the great dane follow sniff curiously , sense something or someone . major halbert Lord cornwallis will be with you presently . marion thank you . major halbert you may , of course , keep you weapon , but I must warn you that ... marion ( interrupt ) I be familiar with appropriate behavior at a military parley . major halbert yes , quite , but you should know that ... marion that will be all , Major . I will wait for Lord cornwallis . major halbert ( coldly ) yes ... you will wait . Major halbert turn and start to stride out . marion one other thing . Major halbert stop . marion the proper form of address to a superior officer , even one of a oppose army , be " yes , sir . " Major halbert sneer and stride from the room . marion alone , except for the dog , allow himself a fleeting smile . then he look around the room . he note a rock chair . curious , he heft it . too heavy . he put it down , sit and rock . the dog walk over and lay at he foot . int . cornwallis ' headquarters - day ( later ) marion patiently sit rock . one of the dog have its head in he lap and marion scratch it behind the ear . dissolve to : int . cornwallis ' headquarters - day a stone - face marion stand in the center of the room , play with the dog . one of the dog jump up , put its front leg on marion 's shoulder , and lick he face . just then , cornwallis walk in , overjoy to see he dog . cornwallis Jupiter ! Mars ! the dog just look at cornwallis . he hold out he arm , wait for they to rush to he . they look up at marion who nod to they . marion go. the dog run to cornwallis and nuzzle he in a friendly but not enthusiastic manner . cornwallis pat they vigorously , too vigorously for the moderate level of joy the dog be show at they reunion . cornwallis my boy ... my boy ... you seem to have be well feed . thank you for that , Colonel . marion my pleasure , sir . cornwallis please forgive I for keep you wait . marion apology accept . cornwallis thank you , Colonel ... I be afraid I do not know you name . marion Colonel will do . cornwallis as you wish . tarleton enter with four dragoon , all armed ... marion freeze ... marion and tarleton lock eye . marion search for some sign that tarleton recognize he . there 's none . cornwallis Colonel ... Colonel banastre tarleton . tarleton nod . tarleton Colonel . marion , like ice , look tarleton up and down . then he slowly turn and look at the four dragoon , two on either side of tarleton . marion measure the odd and find they want . with a supreme effort of will , marion force himself to turn from tarleton to cornwallis and the matter at hand . marion shall we proceed ? cornwallis let we . unless you object , I would like to deem this meeting a formal negotiation and , as such , there be certain customary practice . perhaps I could explain they to you ... marion I be familiar with how a formal negotiation be handle . cornwallis oh ? marion I serve in his majesty 's army in the french and indian War . cornwallis oh . very well , then . would you , as the initiate party , like to begin ? marion unless you would like to claim aggrieve status . cornwallis be surprised . he exchange a look with tarleton . cornwallis you be familiar with how this thing be do . in fact , I would like to claim aggrieve status . marion very well , proceed , sir . cornwallis first , you have in you possession certain belonging of mine , include clothing , private papers , furniture and personal effect of a non-military nature which I would like to have return to I . marion I will do so as soon as possible . cornwallis be surprised . cornwallis thank you . marion please accept my apology for not have do so sooner . cornwallis apology accept . now , on the matter of the specific target of officer during engagement , this be absolutely unacceptable . marion that one be a bit more difficult . cornwallis certainly you must know that in civilized warfare , officer in the field must not be accord inappropriate level of hostile attention . marion and what be inappropriate level of hostile attention ? cornwallis Colonel , imagine the utter chaos that would result from un - lead army have at each other . there must be gentleman in command to lead and , when appropriate , restrain they man . marion restrain they from the target of civilian , include woman and child ? cornwallis that be a separate issue . marion I consider they link . cornwallis I beg to differ . one be a command decision on you part . the other represent nothing more than the occasional over - exuberance of field officer attempt to carry out they duty in difficult circumstance . marion as long as you soldier attack civilian , I will order the shoot of you officer at the outset of every engagement . ( beat ) and my man be excellent marksman . cornwallis sigh . cornwallis very well , let we move on to ... marion prisoner exchange . cornwallis Sir ? marion you have eighteen of my man . I want they back . cornwallis I do have eighteen criminal under sentence of death , but I hold no prisoner - of - war . marion if that 's you position , then eighteen of you officer will die . nineteen , if you hang I with my man . cornwallis what officer ? marion step to the window , check the view . a wood hillside be visible in the distance . marion reach into he jacket ... the dragoon move on he ... marion extract not a weapon , but a spyglass , which he hand to cornwallis . marion in the clear , just down from the crest , to the leave of the dark pine ... cornwallis look through the spyglass . view through the spyglass though difficult to see clearly through the shimmer haze , cornwallis can just make out a row of bound redcoat officer , with Patriot soldier hold musket at they head . cornwallis turn coldly to marion . cornwallis they name , rank and post ? marion they refuse to give I they name . they rank be nine lieutenant , five captain , three major and one fat colonel who call I a cheeky fellow . they post ? we pick they up here - and - there last night . cornwallis glare at marion . cornwallis you be not a gentleman . marion can not help but laugh at the insult . marion if you conduct be the measure of a gentleman , I take that as a compliment . ( coldly ) get my man . cornwallis turn to Colonel huntington . cornwallis arrange the exchange . Colonel huntington leave to do so . marion thank you , General . I be sure you officer will thank you , as well . marion salute cornwallis who do not return the salute . then marion turn to tarleton . he walk up to he and look he in the eye . marion you do not remember I , do you ? tarleton examine marion 's face , find he familiar , but unable to place he ... then tarleton remember ... tarleton ah , yes , that boy . tarleton calmly hold marion 's glare . tarleton Ugly business , do one 's duty . marion yes , ugly business . marion take a step closer to tarleton , then speak very softly , very slowly , very clearly . marion if you be alive when this war be over , I be go to kill you . marion lock he eye on tarleton to make it perfectly clear that he mean what he say . tarleton try to cover he reaction but it 's apparent that he 's take aback by marion 's icy word . marion turn and walk out . the two great dane start to follow , but cornwallis snap a command : cornwallis Jupiter ! Mars ! the dog freeze , look after marion , who do not turn back . the dog reluctantly sidle over to cornwallis ' side . ext . assembly yard - fort CAROLINA - day redcoat glare at marion who sit , mount , wait . his eighteen man be lead out of the prison blockhouse and direct to wait horse . surprise to be freed , they mount up . cornwallis and tarleton step out onto the front porch of cornwallis ' headquarters and watch as marion and he man ride toward the gate . the two great dane , watch marion from cornwallis ' side . cornwallis motion to the redcoat sentries to OPEN the gate . they do so and marion and he man , without hurry , ride out . then , just as the gate be close behind he , marion , without turn around , let loose with a piercing whistle ... the two great dane instantly race after marion , make it through the gate just as they be close . cornwallis , see he dog run after marion , sputter , then turn and storm back into he quarter . tarleton , still off - balance from marion 's parting statement , watch marion ride away . then he turn to Major Wilkins who stand nearby . tarleton take a detachment and go get we officer . Wilkins hurry off . ext . hillside clearing - above fort CAROLINA - day Major Wilkins and a detachment of Green dragoon ride up the wood slope toward the bound redcoat officer that cornwallis see through the spyglass . as the dragoon ride out of the tree into the clear they stop dead , see that : the " redcoat officer " be not real -- they be nothing more than scarecrow in redcoat uniform . there 's no sign of marion or he man . int . cornwallis ' headquarters - fort CAROLINA - day close shot : one of the " redcoat officer , " stuff with straw be throw onto cornwallis ' desk by tarleton . cornwallis look at the scarecrow , then turn to tarleton . cornwallis this fox believe himself clever . we shall see . ext . pond bluff - day tarleton and Wilkins wait while Green dragoon and loyalist search the remain of marion 's house and barn . gaskins , filthy from the ash , walk up to tarleton . gaskins nothing . wilkin no one 's be here for month . tarleton but now we have a name for we Colonel ... Francis marion . and with a name will come a family . ext . charlotte's house - night a thick ground fog surround Charlotte 's house . the soft light of candle glow in the window . all appear peaceful . then , the shadowed figure of three dozen GREEN dragoon appear out of the mist , silently approach the house on foot . int . charlotte's house - night a fire crackle in the fireplace . a curtain blow in the open window . the door burst OPEN . window break . Green dragoon pour into the house , musket brandish . no sign of occupant . captain morrow bark a command : captain morrow upstair ! the dragoon thunder up the stair ... tarleton and Wilkins stride in , watch the search ... the parlor ... nothing ... the kitchen ... food be cooking ... the dining room ... the table be set , half - eat food be on the plate , abandon in mid-meal . tarleton walk into the dine room , touch some of the food , gaug its warmth . tarleton they can not be far . check the outbuilding and the wood . the dragoon race outside . ext . charlotte's house - night a torch burn . a dozen dragoon light torch off of it and fan out to search . the thick fog turn the torch into diffuse , float ball of light , turn the dragoon into ghost - like apparition . camera follows one of the torch , carry by a particularly rough - look dragoon who skirt the edge of the underbrush close to the house . as the torch move , its flame send long shadow and shaft of light into the underbrush ... the camera stop to reveal , in the brush , two face , gabriel and charlotte , dark , motionless , watch the search . behind they , marion' other child , Nathan , Samuel , Margaret , William and Susan ... around they , several more of marion be men , include abner brown , weapon ready . the move light play on they face . at the front of the house , the torch converge , illuminate tarleton who give the unheard order . the torch fan out and begin setting FIRE to the house , barn and outbuildings . margaret grip Charlotte 's arm . Gabriel motion and they all ease back , disappear into the brush . ext . shanty town - night a compound of rude shack , build of scrap of lumber and rough-hewn log , stand on the side of the magpie River . marion 's man wait with the child while abner , Charlotte and Gabriel , flanke by Aaron and abigail , marion 's middle - age , black servant , see in the open sequence , talk with several stern - look , middle - age , black freedmen . the conversation , which be out of the child 's earshot , be testy , with one of the middle - age freedman particularly troubled . marion 's stone - face child look around , appraise they surroundings , register the poverty of the shanty town . the discussion between the grown - ups end with a guard exchange of handshake . Gabriel , Charlotte , abner , Aaron and abigail rejoin the child and marion 's man . gabriel it 's all set . they follow Aaron , down a alley to a shack . small . barely stand . the child stop in they track , know this be to be they new home . Charlotte see they hesitation . she walk up to the little structure , examine it with a critical eye . she look on the doorway , see a single room , a dirt floor , wax - paper instead of glass in the window , a rude , chimney - less fire - pit against the back wall . she smile . charlotte this will do fine . she turn to Aaron and abigail . charlotte thank you . Charlotte walk inside without look back . the child hesitate , then follow she inside . int . shack - shanty town - night the child help Aaron and abigail make bed out of armload of hay . outside , Charlotte and Gabriel talk quietly . charlotte so he 's the one they talk about , the swamp Fox . gabriel yes . charlotte I think it might be he , the bit and piece we hear , a veteran , fight in the french and indian War , know the swamp . gabriel they will not stop look for you and the child . charlotte we will be alright , here , for now . ( beat ) how be he ? Gabriel search for a honest answer . gabriel I do not know ... I be he son . Gabriel step over to he saddlebags , open he pack and pull out a stack of letter which he hand to Charlotte . gabriel this be for you and the child . they sense someone behind they . susan why do not father come ? Gabriel be astonished to hear word come from he heretofore silent sister . Charlotte nod , smile . charlotte speak for month now . susan why do not he come ? gabriel he want to , Susan , but he could not leave he man . susan he leave we . gabriel I know he do and he 's sorry . he will come back as soon as he can . Susan say nothing . Gabriel continue , hopefully . gabriel there be some letter here from he . some be just to you . susan I do not care . I hate he . gabriel you do not hate he . susan yes , I do . I hate he and I hope he never come back . Gabriel kneel down and embrace she . she stand coldly with she arm at she side . ext . marion' encampment - day a astonished marion talk to Gabriel . marion she speak ? Susan speak ? gabriel full sentence . as if she have be speak all along . marion I do not believe it ... and I be not there for it ... the cloud pass quickly . marion tell I everything she say , word for word . Gabriel hesitates . gabriel she say ... she love you and miss you but she understand why you can not be there with she . marion she say that ? oh , my Lord , she say that ? Gabriel nod . marion be not that something . marion shake he head at the think , smile to himself . Gabriel , uncomfortable with the lie , change the subject . gabriel Father , there 's something else I need to talk to you about . marion what ? gabriel come with I . I will tell you when we get there . marion nod and curiously follow Gabriel . ext . pembroke village - night Dark . the village square be desert . marion follow Gabriel into the shadow of the village church . they dismount , tie up they horse and enter the back door of the church . int . church - pembroke village - night marion walk in and stop dead . at the altar of the small sanctuary , half-a-dozen people stand with Rev. Oliver . at the center of the tiny gather be Anne Green , flanke by she parent . gabriel Father , I be look for a best man . marion be stunne but recover quickly . marion I would be honore . they share a moment , then head down the aisle . marion greet Anne 's parent , shaking hand with she father and bow to she mother . abner , at the door , nod that the coast be clear . rev . oliver dearly beloved , we be gather here in the sight of God to join this man and this woman in holy matrimony ... marion feel every word , look straight ahead but know that he 's stand next to he son . ext . church - night in the shadow behind the church , the bride and groom say goodbye to the wedding party . Anne talk quietly with she parent . marion and Gabriel talk nearby . gabriel Sir , I would like to request a furlough . two day ? marion grant . where be you go ? gabriel cheraw Falls . marion it 's beautiful there . you mother and I be there once , before you be bear . gabriel I know . they be silent for a moment . marion she would have be pleased . Gabriel nod , then turn to he horse , unnecessarily check he pack rope . Anne join they . marion embrace she and give she a fatherly kiss . anne I be sorry we do not give you more warning . marion it 's alright . I be very happy for you . he help she mount up . abner , on guard near the road , motion they on . they all watch as Gabriel and Anne ride off . ext . wooded road - night marion , Rev. Oliver and abner ride slowly down the road . it 's a beautiful , moonlit night . marion break the silence , speak as much for himself as the other . marion it 's a good measure of a woman that she will have she honeymoon under the star . rev . oliver for richer , for poorer , in sickness and in health , ' till death do they part . marion nod . they ride on . ext . south CAROLINA shore - day a british packet , a small , fast warship , lie anchore just offshore . a rowboat , manned by half - a- dozen sailor , carry a redcoat Lieutenant , beach . several redcoat wait . the Lieutenant , carry a dispatch case , jump out off the boat , mount a wait horse and ride off . ext . SMALL british fort - day cornwallis , with he command staff cluster around he , sit on horseback read the dispatch as the dispatch rider wait . they be on a hillside , look over the burn - out remain of a small british fort as some redcoat pull the Union Jack out of a trench latrine . cornwallis motion tarleton and they ride a few yard from the other officer and speak , out of earshot . cornwallis from General Clinton in New York ... ( read ) " ... you request to move north be deny until you have properly deal with you militia problem . " ( aside ) he underline , ' militia ' . ( read ) " you have spend over six month deal with a six - week problem . it be essential that you quell the militia ... " ( aside ) underline again . ( read ) " ... insurgency , particularly because of the likely move south of Washington and the inevitable arrival of the french . militia , as you have so often point out , be not worth the attention of a significant army , hence it be mystify why militia have bedevile you for so long ... " tarleton smile slightly , enjoy the show . cornwallis ( read ) " ... it be my fervent hope that the vigor of you campaign come to match the vigor of you correspondence with you parliamentary and Court patron . only then might you share in the victory , on the verge of which I now stand . " ( beat ) " you guardedly respectful Commander , General Sir George Clinton . " cornwallis grow eerily calm and turn to tarleton . cornwallis if I fail , you fail . tarleton perhaps . cornwallis and if I triumph , you triumph . tarleton probably . cornwallis how can we end this madness ? tarleton difficult , sir . this be , as you point out , a civil war . cornwallis take a moment , then speak simply . cornwallis civility be a secondary virtue . it be supersede by duty . tarleton I understand , sir . tarleton salute , yank he rein , turn he horse , and ride off . ext . SMALL farmhouse - sunset tarleton lounge in the grass on a slope in front of a farmhouse , look out at a lovely sunset , absentmindedly pick at the petal of some wildflower . a hideous scream pierce the calm . tarleton analytically evaluate the tenor of the scream , then rise , pass several Green dragoon who wait with they horse in front of the farmhouse . tarleton I believe they be almost ready . in the farmhouse blood be smear on one wall , where half - a- dozen corpse lie in a jumble mass on the floor . in the parlor , tarleton walk past more body , include a dead woman who lie protectively but ineffectually over the bloody body of she two young child , both under eight - year - old . in the kitchen , tarleton find Wilkins , some Green dragoon , and gaskins , the loyalist militia commander and some of he low - life man . Rob field , one of the craftsman in marion 's force , be tie , spread - eagle to the table , show the terrible effect of protracted torture . Wilkins and gaskins be nervous and apologetic as tarleton walk into the room . gaskins I be sorry , sir . he die . tarleton sigh , irritate . tarleton very well , get one of the other . gaskins and a couple of he man step into a attach woodsh where billing sit , bound . they roughly grab he and drag he into the kitchen . billing damn you eye . do you worst . tarleton I intend to . they tie billing to the table . int . SMALL farmhouse - day silence . a tiny rivulet of blood run along a plank in the floor , disappear into a gap between two floorboard . marion , dalton , Rev. Oliver , and several other man walk slowly through the farmhouse , in stunne silence . marion see the body of the mother , drape over she two young child . marion turn to Rev. Oliver who can only stare , offer no solace . they pass field 's body , then enter the kitchen and see billing , dead , still tie to the table . marion reel . ext . SMALL farmhouse - day marion 's man dig grave . marion watch . dalton step up next to he . dalton you still want I to give wounded redcoat quarter ? marion do not answer . Gabriel gallop up . he rein back he lather horse and speak to they without dismount . gabriel tarleton have a list of we man , most be on it . a regiment of dragoon be go to the home on the list , burn they , kill whomever resist , woman and child , as well . marion where ? gabriel Seven home along the Black River so far ... rollins do not pause . he rush to he horse , mount up and ride off . marion and the other man mount up and ride off fast after he . ext . black river road - day marion he brigade catch up to rollins and ride on with he . ext . rollins ' farm - day the small farm see earlier , surround by hill , where the two boy , rollins ' son run down the hillside to catch a glimpse of the pass marion and he brigade . the house smolder . no sign of life . Gabriel , abner and a few other man warily ride the perimeter of the clear area around the house . marion , at the head of the rest of the brigade , wait next to a increasingly frantic , rollins . they see Gabriel wave , signal all clear . marion , rollins and the other men ride to the house . rollins be the first to see the body . horrify , he rein back and dismount , almost fall . his two son , wife , a older man and woman , lie dead in the dirt . marion 's man silently watch rollins ' agony . weeping and confuse , he move in a mad , staccato manner , as if he be a marionette , whose string be be jerk by a drunken puppeteer . marion and Rev. Oliver dismount and move toward he . rollins see they come . he harden and stride to he horse , pull he flintlock pistol from he saddle holster . Rev. Oliver reach out to embrace rollins . rev . oliver it 's not time for vengeance , it 's time to mourn and ... rollins put the pistol to he head and pull the trigger , blowing he brain out . every man freeze in place . for a long moment no one move , no one speak . then marion pull himself together and address the man : marion five day furlough for all man . abner , Dan , reverend , spread the word . we will reform at acworth . any man who do not come back will not be think a coward or uncommitted to the cause . attend to you family . the man mount up . marion and Gabriel ride off together . ext . pembroke - night marion scan the night as Gabriel and Anne mount up . the three of they ride off , pull a line of horse , some heavily load packhorse and some saddle but empty mount . ext . shack - shanty town - night dark. quiet . Gabriel and Anne wait in the shadow while marion cock he musket , check he pistol and walk slowly toward the shack . he warily check every shadow . no one anywhere . then a SOUND -- a squeal of laughter , immediately follow by : margaret ( o.s. ) it 's he ! I tell you it be he ! marion' child race out of the shadow to marion . he 's practically bowl over as Margaret , Nathan , Samuel and William fling themselves into he arm . nathan Father ! william papa ... charlotte step out of the shadow , watch the reunion as marion cover the child with kiss , try to hug all of they at once as they cling to he as if they will never let go . marion and charlotte lock eye over the head of the child . marion thank you . Charlotte smile . then marion notice susan peek out from behind Charlotte 's patch and mend skirt . he kneel down and open he arm to she but she do not move . he smile to she and speak softly : marion Susan ... she look coldly at marion , tighten she grip on Charlotte 's skirt and retreat further behind she . marion look to Charlotte who nod with guard reassurance . then he attention be draw away by the demand embrace of he other child . ext . cheraw fall path - night marion ride , lead he child , Charlotte and Anne up a steep , narrow path that cut through a heavily wood hillside . ext . cheraw fall - night the remain of a tiny abandon backcountry farm . the house be go , leave only a overgrown cellar hole . nearby be a barely - stand tobacco shed , one end of which have fall to the ground . a soft wind whistle and whisper through the gap in the rough-hewn board of the structure . marion ride up to the edge of the clear . a mockingbird screech nearby , startling he . he look back at the child , worried , anticipate a negative reaction . Margaret smile and turn to the other child , speak for marion 's benefit . margaret I tell you , thing would get better . the child smile and dismount . int . tobacco shed - night pouring rain . the ceiling drip . marion lie , awake , with he child huddle against he , sleep in one of the few dry spot . they be cover with tatter quilt . on the other side of the child , Charlotte be also awake . she and marion exchange a long , silent look in the darkness , over the head of the sleep child . ext . waterfall overlook - day marion walk the perimeter of they encampment with Nathan and Samuel . they listen carefully . marion the overlook , up there should be where you post the watch . work out a schedule . short watch , especially at night . ( point ) if you can catch some of that mockingbird you can make cage and put they along there for alarm . ( motion for they to follow ) now let 's find someplace to cache extra weapon ... they follow marion like soldier . ext . cheraw fall - day marion sit on a rock while Margaret cut he hair . she take she time , touch he on the head and shoulder , extend the process . marion , sit back , enjoy it . he notice Susan , nearby , watch silently . he smile . she turn away . ext . tobacco shed - cheraw fall - day Dark . shaft of light shine in through the hole in the roof . marion , stand in the shadow , sense someone come . he freeze . a figure round the corner . it 's ... William . marion yell William squeal in delight , then chase he father around the corner , tagging he . they laugh . marion cover he eye and William dash off to hide . ext . cheraw fall - riverside - day marion sit on the side of the river with Susan who avoid look at he . use the knife we have see he use in battle he cut slice off a apple and eat they . marion good apple . no response . marion very good . sweet . he cut a slice and offer it to she . she do not take it . he put the slice between they . after a long moment she pick it up but as she 's about to eat it , she stop , see something on it . she put it back . marion look at the apple slice and see a dark red splotch on it . he look at he knife and realize that it 's dry blood . off-balance , he turn to Susan who stare straight ahead , a thousand mile from marion . ext . cheraw fall river - day marion wash the knife carefully , almost obsessively . Anne step up behind he . anne May I ask you a question ? marion finish with the knife and put it away without explanation . marion yes , of course . she speak with a sly , withheld smile . anne do you think france with a " e " be too manly a name for a girl ? marion no . anne do you think Francis with a " i " be too womanly a name for a boy ? marion no . anne good . Anne smile and walk away . marion figure out what she just tell he . marion when ? anne late summer . marion congratulation . anne thank you . marion laugh at the think . ext . cheraw fall - day marion 's child swim and play with the two great dane in the pond at the base of the fall , along with Gabriel and Anne . marion and Charlotte sit on the bank , watch they . Charlotte turn and look at marion for a long moment . he 's unaware . as Charlotte look at he , she smile disappear , replace by anger . she snap at marion . charlotte I be not my sister . startle , marion turn to Charlotte . marion Excuse I ? charlotte I say , I be not my sister . marion I know that . charlotte do you ? marion of course , I do . charlotte ( irritate ) very well , then . she turn from he . marion , try to figure out what just happen . after a long moment he get it . stun at first , he gear turn . after a very thoughtful moment he turn to Charlotte and offer a tentative smile . she roll she eye . ext . cheraw fall - night Dark . a full moon shine . int . tobacco shed - night marion wake . he look across he sleep child and see that Charlotte be not in she place on the other side of they . he rise and walk out into the night . ext . glen - cheraw fall - night marion walk into the glen . he tense , sense someone in front of he . then he see charlotte at the edge of the wood . neither one speak ... they walk silently to each other . they stop , look at each other closely , as if see one another for the first time ... only then do they kiss . the kiss grow more passionate ... then much more passionate ... ext . cheraw fall - day marion finish tie he gear onto he horse . the child be silent . he stand beside he horse . one after another , the child walk to he and embrace he -- Nathan , Samuel , Margaret , William . he see Susan , stand next to Charlotte . he motion to she but she do not move . then he kneel down and gently hug she . marion just a little goodbye ? one word ? that 's all I want to hear . Susan remain silent , stand with she arm at she side , not respond to the embrace . finally , marion let go of she . she just stare at he . marion stand and turn to Charlotte . marion Goodbye , Charlotte . charlotte Goodbye . they embrace . though the hug be chaste , they eye tell a different story . only Anne and Margaret notice , but to they it 's as clear as a bell . they exchange a know look . marion and Charlotte break apart , self - consciously . marion and Gabriel mount up and start to ride away . as they be about to round a curve and disappear , susan cry out : susan papa ! with halting step , then faster and faster , she run down the path toward marion . susan papa , do not go , I will say anything . marion stop , turn in he saddle to see Susan run after he , she eye fill with tear . susan please , papa , I will say anything you want ! marion yank he rein , turn he horse . susan just tell I what to say ! tell I what to say ! marion spur he horse straight toward she , galloping toward the run , cry child . susan please , papa , please do not go . marion ride toward her ... Charlotte , Anne and marion 's child watch as : marion leans over in the saddle without slow down ... swooping her into he lap ... she sit astride the saddle , face he , she arm wrap around he , plead , the word tumble from she , as fast as she can get they out ... susan ... I will talk to you , I will say anything you want , just tell I what you want I to say , I will say anything , I promise , please , papa , just stay ... marion envelope the sobbing wisp of a girl , hold she , let she cry , fight he own tear ... he rein back the horse , stop in front of the other ... he pleadingly look to Charlotte who step up to the horse ... to take Susan ... marion give Susan a final embrace , and cover she face with kiss ... marion I will come back ... I promise ... marion hand the still cry Susan down to Charlotte ... marion , in agony , avert he eye , yank he rein , and spur he horse ... as he ride away the child take off after he , run . Susan see the other run after marion , struggle out of Charlotte 's arm , and run after they as well ... marion ride , now join by Gabriel , faster and faster , leave a trail of dust ... the child slow , then stop , one after another , watch as they ride away . ext . patriot encampment - acworth - evening grim . the most rudimentary of the encampment we have see . rain pour . some of marion 's man huddle under lean - to 's and quickly rig tent that offer only partial protection from the cold rain . abner and Scott do they best to keep a wet - wood fire go . Rev. Oliver try to cook . marion and Gabriel ride up and dismount . marion join Rev. Oliver . marion how many come back ? rev . oliver about a hundred and twenty . less than a third . marion nod . he and Gabriel join some of the man under one of the lean - to 's . ext . riverside - day the rain have stop . the ground be still wet . it 's spring . the first bud be on the maple tree . a fox tentatively come out of its winter de , follow by a pair of pup . marion stand on the side of a river , look up at a chevron of canadian geese fly north . ext . pembroke - day the canadian geese fly over Anne who be behind she father 's store , tie food and provision to a couple of packhorse . a mare and a foal cavort in a nearby paddock . suddenly Anne sense someone behind she and turn to see half-a dozen redcoat . she 's initially frighten but the redcoat sergeant , speak politely . redcoat sergeant Excuse I , ma'am , everyone have be request to gather at the church . anne everyone ? redcoat sergeant Colonel tarleton want to address , the whole village . the redcoat sergeant deferentially motion for Anne to follow he and he man . she see several other townspeople , with redcoat escort , already head down the street . she follow along . ext . pembroke village square - day tarleton and Wilkins , on horseback , watch as a large , mix detachment of Green dragoon and redcoat infantry direct the villager into the church . one of the redcoat walk out of the general store with a bowl of gumdrop . as he start give they to a few of the child they parent waver , unsure of the gesture , but they reluctantly allow the child to take the candy . the townspeople be uneasy but they follow the order of the redcoat who , though carry musket , be polite and unthreaten . redcoat into the church , please . another redcoat Colonel tarleton wish to address all of you . tarleton see the last of the townspeople enter the church . he nod to the redcoat near the door . the redcoat close the door , chain they shut . the door be pounded on from the inside . voice open this door ! another voice by what right be we make prisoner ? tarleton nods to gaskins who , along with several rough - look loyalist militiamen , disappear into the blacksmith shop . they reappear a moment later with flaming torch and approach the church . several redcoat see what 's about to happen and be appal . even some of the Green dragoon , include Wilkins , be troubled . Wilkins ride over to tarleton . wilkin Sir ? tarleton yes , Major . gaskins and the loyalist militia stop around the church , torch ready , wait for the final go - ahead from tarleton . the pounding and calling from inside the church grow louder . wilkin Sir , there be no honor in this . tarleton the honor be find in the end , not the mean . this will be forget . ( to gaskins ) proceed . the redcoat turn to the redcoat officer . the redcoat officer turn to Wilkins , who struggle with himself . tarleton calmly watch Wilkins ' distress . finally , Wilkins accept it . weakly steadying he horse , he take he place next to tarleton . the redcoat and dragoon follow he lead and watch as gaskins and the loyalist militiamen light the church on fire , heaving they torch onto the roof , through the window and under the raise foundation . scream be hear from inside . the door thud with the shoulder of man try to escape . the chain hold . as the flame rise , another group of loyalist militiamen and some redcoat drag half - a- dozen young woman out of a side-street ... among the woman , desperately plead , kick and scream , be anne ... the man drag she and the other woman into the livery stable ... tarleton watch they carry off , stone-face ... then he turn and watch the church go up in flame ... a window shatter , with a chair heave from inside ... some men try to climb out , but wait redcoat FIRE there musket point blank ... killing three men , drive the other back ... the scream from inside the church grow louder ... the flame and smoke rise ... ext . wood - pembroke outskirt - day silence . a dark forest of old growth tree . no underbrush . marion and a couple dozen of he man , include Gabriel , Rev. Oliver , and dalton ride warily on a carpet of pine needle toward a thin column of smoke , visible over the treetop in the distance . with hand signal , marion direct he man to fan out . they do so , weaving through the dark forest , weapon ready . ext . pembroke - day marion and he man slowly ride into pembroke . the remain of the church smolder only slightly . the town be desert , no one , dead or alive , be visible . unsure what they have find , marion and he man spread out and dismount , warily check out the building , look for some sign of life . Rev. Oliver and a few other man head for the char remain of the church . side-stepp some still -hot , char beam , Rev. Oliver look through the rubble ... then he see the body ... the camera catch only a fleeting glimpse of ... dozen of char , blacken body , intertwined with the remain of the church ... Rev. Oliver stagger from the rubble ... the other man see what he have see ... one-by-one marion and he man walk over and look into the remain of the church ... marion see several char hand extend through a shattered window , as if grasp for escape ... one of the hand be tiny , a child hand ... marion be stunne ... no one say a word ... dalton and a few of the other man continue the search , weapon ready ... they step into the livery stable , then walk out a moment later , ashen face ... dalton speak quietly to marion , motion toward a increasingly frantic Gabriel who have just find Anne 's packhorse ... Gabriel notice the gesture , he watch marion walk into the livery stable ... grow more nervous by the second , Gabriel hurry after he father ... gabriel Anne ...? as Gabriel get to the entrance of the livery stable , marion walk out and intercept he . marion do not go in there . gabriel be it she ? be Anne in there ? marion she be . do not go in there . Gabriel understand ... he reel ... grow faint ... marion grab he ... keep he from fall ... marion hold Gabriel who begin to weep ... ext . pembroke - day marion 's man , lead by Rev. Oliver , tend to the dead . some dig in the small graveyard adjacent to the remain of the church . other carry out the grim task of pull the char body out of the rubble . on the edge of town marion sit alone . Gabriel walk up behind he . gabriel Father , tell I what happen at Fort wilderness ? marion you know what happen . gabriel no , I do not . marion everyone know . it 's what make I a hero . I , Harry Lee , all of we . I get a medal . Men buy I drink . they still do sometimes . everyone know what happen . gabriel tell I what everyone do not know . marion and what do they know ? gabriel that the french and cherokees capture the fort and when you retook it , you take revenge on they for what they do during the occupation . marion that 's right . gabriel that 's not enough . tell I . marion you mother ask I the same question around the time you be bear . I be drunk and I be foolish enough to answer she . marion shake he head to himself . marion that 's why it be four year between you and Thomas . it take I that long to regain she respect . gabriel I be not my mother . I can not have the respect without the know . marion 's quiet for a moment . then he speak : marion it be in ' 63 . it be a bad time . the french and the Cherokee have raid along the Blue Ridge . all the English settler take refuge at Fort wilderness but the french capture it . we be send in relief . Harry Lee , billing , sixty of we . we already have something of a reputation for be ... harsh . when we get there the fort be abandon . not a french soldier or Cherokee anywhere . they have leave a week earlier . what we find be ... bad . marion grow quieter with the memory of how bad . marion they have leave the settler there . the man have be burn alive , the woman be in piece and the child be on stake . marion 's silent for a moment . marion we bury they , then we go to track . it be a cold trail and they be move fast . we go faster . we catch up to they at kentucky Ford . gabriel go on . marion we take we time with they and give every one of they worse than they have give at the fort . it be two week before they be all dead , all except two . we put the head on a pallet and have the two we let live take it to the french at Fort ambercon . ( beat ) the eye , finger and tongue we put in a basket and send that down the asheulot to the Cherokee . ( beat ) the french stay east of the Blue Ridge after that and the Cherokee break they treaty with the french and stay out of the fight . ( beat ) that seem to make a difference . the war go another year , thing go better ... and man buy we drink . Gabriel be silent . marion look at he closely . marion it be a different time , son . and you be a better man than that . gabriel I see , do as I say , not as I do . marion yes . they hear horse hoove . abner ride in from the opposite side of the village from the church , not have see the result of the massacre . excite , he dismount . abner they 're here ! continentals , they 're here ! marion and Gabriel just look at he . abner be confuse by they reaction . then he see the remain of the church and the laid out , char body . ext . patriot encampment - night mix gathering of marion 's militia and continental be cluster around the campfire , with more continental arrive all the time . some of the militiamen and regular regale each other with tale of they exploit but most be grim and tired , talk quietly . a couple of patriot play a melancholy tune on fife and violin . marion 's tent be set up but he 's nowhere to be see . Gabriel walk to marion 's gear . find marion 's weapon 's belt he open one of the bullet pouch and find the paint - fleck musket ball made from thomas ' lead soldier . as Gabriel take one , marion step up behind he . marion if this war be about more than Thomas , it 's about more than Anne , as well . stay the course . gabriel as you do at Fort wilderness ? before marion can answer they see harry lee ride up to they . he dismount , excited , voluble . he stride over , pleased to see marion , oblivious to he and Gabriel 's mood . lee look at you ! I know you could do it ! Lee laugh , pick up a bottle and take a big pull . lee we have a chance ! better than a chance ! cornwallis be run to the chesapeake , probably to meet he fleet at yorktown . I wish I could see he face when he see a dozen french ship float there . and Washington should be a day or two behind he . ( beat ) and on top of everything , I have a son ! bear last month in Alexandria . Gabriel rise and walk away . Lee finally tune into the pall hang over marion and the just depart Gabriel . he turn to marion . marion his wife be kill yesterday . she be with child . lee I be sorry , I do not know . marion nod . they stand in silence . Lee hand marion the bottle . he take a drink . ext . encampment - night dark. quiet . sentries be on duty . marion 's tent glow from a single candle . he blow the candle out , then step out of the tent into the night . he begin he nightly walk of the perimeter . almost immediately , marion notice something amiss . dalton have discover it at the same time and hurry over to marion . at one of the campsite marion and dalton and several of the other man look down at some empty bedroll . dalton Gabriel and at least a dozen other . they must have leave right after the watch change . marion that mean they have two hour on we . marion stride to he horse . the other man follow he . ext . wooded road - night marion , dalton and Rev. Oliver and two dozen other man ride . ext . wooded road - night Dark . very quiet . a moonless night . marion and he man , on foot , make they way along the side of the river . brother Joseph hurry out of the darkness and speak to marion . brother joseph fifty Green dragoon , campe about a quarter mile from here . sentries at four point . suddenly they hear the sound of musket FIRE ahead of they in the darkness . marion take off at a full run with he man right behind . ext . outskirt of GREEN dragoon encampment - night marion and he man blast through the brush . running toward the sound of the battle , which grow louder with every step ... marion cock he pistol and extract he tomahawk on the run ... the light of the battle : the strobe of the musket shot illuminate the wood ahead of they ... move fast , they pass two dead british sentries , without slow down ... they blast out of the wood into ... the clearing , see a tableau of total chaos : half-dress GREEN dragoon in formation FIRE in volley ... running man . scatter musket FIRE . the strobe of the musket illuminate running men and other man in hand -to-hand combat . wilkin be in command . tarleton be nowhere to be see . Gabriel and abner , both slightly wounded , fight a desperate hold action ... on the other side of the clear , a square of dragoon form near Wilkins . wilkin FIRE ! the dragoon FIRE a massed volley , hit Gabriel , abner and several other patriot . gabriel , badly wounded , fall to he knee ... the dragoon pull they pistol about to fire again . marion and he man OPEN FIRE ... stagger they ... marion see Wilkins about to fire at Gabriel ... marion run ... see another redcoat about to fire at Gabriel ... marion kill he with a pistol shot . Wilkins cock he flintlock pistol , aim at Gabriel ... marion' about to throw he tomahawk ... too late ... wilkin fire ... hitting gabriel who fly backward ... marion throws the tomahawk , sink it into Wilkins ' chest ... the rest of marion 's man thunder into the dragoon ... overpower they ... marion race to Gabriel ... throw himself onto the ground next to he ... cradle he ... Gabriel be stunne , confuse by the wound . gabriel I be alright , I ... he try to stand ... marion let I help you ... Gabriel weaken in marion 's arm ... falter ... marion watch the life drain from Gabriel ... he try to hold the blood in , to no avail ... dalton plant himself next to marion , defend he and Gabriel ... marion caress Gabriel and watch as ... gabriel die . the life drain from marion . no anger . only pain . he look at Gabriel , lose in a dream , a incomprehensible nightmare of loss and overwhelming emptiness . ext . clearing - dawn marion 's man finish lay out the body of they dead . the dragoon be still where they fall . the patriot be laid out in a row , they face cover by they coat . marion sit on the battlefield , next to Gabriel 's body . dalton gingerly approach he . dalton Colonel ... marion slowly stand and pick up Gabriel 's body , cradling he like a child . they head off into the brush . ext . patriot encampment - night more continental have arrive , now outnumber marion 's man three - to-one . the encampment be active . a few of the man drink and talk loudly . the two man play the fife and violin play a more vibrant tune . int . marion be tent - night Dark . shadow . the sound of celebration can be hear outside the tent . marion sit on he camp chair . Gabriel lie on the ground carefully cover up to he chin with a blanket . a single candle burn . Rev. Oliver enter the tent . rev . oliver May I help you try to find solace with the word of God ? no response . rev . oliver Colonel , let we help he soul find it 's place with the almighty and ... marion he look as if he 's sleep , do not he ? rev . oliver yes , he do . Rev. Oliver pull up a camp stool . he and marion sit in silence . ext . marion' encampment - morning the patriot , continental and militia , be move out . most of the tent have be take down . wagon be roll out . company of continental march off in good order . marion' tent still stand . his man finish pack up , store they heavy gear in wagon , tie they field gear onto they horse . in the tent marion still sit . a fly buzy . Gabriel 's face have take on a deathly , ashen look . Lee enter the tent . he 's silent for a moment , then speak softly to marion . lee you have to bury he . no response . lee I will help you bury he . Lee move toward Gabriel 's body . marion do not touch he . lee how many man have we see die ? marion two. Gabriel and Thomas . lee they be go . and there be nothing you or I can do to bring they back . but there be something you can do to help end all this . marion it be end . lee no . it 's not over yet . two day ride , yorktown , Virginia . Washington , the french , cornwallis and tarleton . it will end , one way or another . ( beat ) Francis , nothing will replace you son but help we will justify they sacrifice . marion do not respond . Lee wait for a long moment , then he hear the SOUND of the departing troops outside the tent . he look at marion , touch he on the shoulder and walk out . ext . patriot encampment - day the last of the soldier move out , leave they smolder campfire and refuse . the only tent that remain be marion 's . ext . marion be tent - day marion sit in he tent , gaze obliquely at Gabriel 's body which have grow even more ashen . a solitary bird cry in the distance . ext . wooded encampment - night a dark , moonless night . the sky be fill with star . a soft wind blows dead leave along the ground . a few of the leave be blow through the open of marion 's tent . inside the tent marion look down , notice the leave , hearing the wind . he listen for a moment . then he stand and walk out of the tent . outside the tent marion watch the leave skitter along the ground . he listen to the wind . the he look up at the night sky . the star be bright . his eye be draw to the Big dipper and from there to the Little dipper and the ... NORTH STAR . holding he eye on the faint , but steady star , he gradually reorient himself . he look around at the abandon encampment . then he look into the tent and see Gabriel 's body . the soft wind blows around he . marion nod in response . ext . burial ground - wooded encampment - morning marion finish bury Gabriel , put the last shovelful of dirt on the freshly turn earth . he stand next to the grave , look down , and say a silent prayer . ext . yorktown road - day the american force be on the move , all head in the same direction . continental and militiamen fill the road . some on horseback , other in wagon , most on foot . among they , a mix unit of continental and marion 's brigade , at the head of which ride Lee , dalton , abner and Rev. Oliver . behind they , a single horseman ride up . it 's marion . without speak , marion ride up alongside Lee . they exchange nod . marion ride between dalton on one side and Rev. Oliver on the other . they pass a sign that read , " yorktown . 20 mile . " ext . yorktown overlook - day the road to yorktown skirt a overlook with a view of the town and the harbor . a few dozen arrive patriot have stop to look out at the view . marion , Lee , Rev. Oliver and dalton join they . the french fleet be visible in the harbor . the british encampment be on a pair of peninsulas , one jutting out from land , the other jutting toward the land from a large island . in a semi-circle around the landward peninsula , the beginning of the Patriot encirclement be visible . it 's a grand and impressive sight . marion and the other turn they horse and head down the road toward the american line . ext . yorktown encampment - day a intermittent exchange of cannon FIRE . not a battle , but pre-battle pot shot . behind the american embattlement , hundred of american and french soldier drill , make camp and build secondary fortification . marion , stand behind a barricade , try to get a view of the british defense . a runner , a boy about fifteen , dash up to marion . runner you call for I , sir ? marion reach into he pocket and pull out a single walnut which he hand to the boy . marion take this to General Washington . the boy look at the walnut and then look at marion as if he 's joke or crazy . he 's neither . the boy shrug and run off with the walnut . ext . washington's headquarters - yorktown staff officer . flag . tents . french and american officer look over map and sort out dispatch . messenger , runner and dispatch rider come and go hurriedly . the flap of the central hq tent open and GEORGE WASHINGTON step out , follow by a pair of aide . Washington be tall and powerfully - build , a impose man , worthy of respect . he look around and see the awe-struck , slightly confuse messenger boy , wait nearby . Washington , hold the walnut in he hand , motion he over . WASHINGTON do you bring I this ? runner yes , sir . Washington scribbles something on a piece of paper and hand it to the boy . WASHINGTON take this to Colonel marion . runner yes , sir . the boy run off . Washington smile . ext . patriot encampment - day camera follows marion walk through the chaos of the encampment . he walk to the cluster of tent around Washington 's hq . he nod to the officer in charge . marion Colonel Francis marion . Washington , lean over the map on he campaign table , hear the voice and turn around . the officer nearby stop and watch , curious . marion and WASHINGTON step up to one another , look each other in the eye . to the astonishment of Washington 's officer , marion reach up and lift off Washington 's wig , look at he hair underneath . marion shake he head . marion Gray . WASHINGTON earned . Washington hold out a small bag to marion who reach in and pull out a walnut . WASHINGTON come . I have something I want to show you . Washington turn to he staff officer . WASHINGTON gentlemen . Washington and marion walk off with Washington 's officer and aide . as Washington and marion walk , they both crush the walnut shell between there thumb and forefingers , a prodigious display of strength that both man take for grant . they eat walnut as they walk . ext . yorktown hilltop - day Washington 's officer who include harry lee , colonel alexander hamilton , lafayette , general pinkney , and various other aide and junior officer reach the crest of the hill and wait for Washington and marion who trail a bit behind they , talk privately , eat walnut as they go . while they wait , the officer look out at the view , see the puff of smoke of intermittent cannon FIRE . WASHINGTON and marion finish the walnut . they stop for a moment to catch they breath . WASHINGTON I be sorry to hear about you son . marion I lose another a year ago , Thomas . he be only fifteen . WASHINGTON I have have no son to lose , nor daughter . ( beat ) I lose the son of other man . they look out at the vista , know that they be look at the son of thousand and thousand of other man . WASHINGTON life be easier when we only have ourselves to get kill . they walk on , join the other on the crest of the hill . the officer be look out , some with spyglass , at the british emplacement . WASHINGTON gentlemen , what do we see ? hamilton mortar , center , with two line of enfilade trenches . pinkney more along the right flank and behind the forward redoubt . lafayette a formidable defensive position . very formidable . hamilton they could hold out for week . Washington nod and turn to marion . WASHINGTON Francis , tell I about General cornwallis . marion remember braddock ? WASHINGTON that bad ? marion worse . WASHINGTON proud , priggish and competent . a very bad combination in a adversary . Washington sigh . WASHINGTON for that of you who do not know , we intercept a british dispatch this morning . General Clinton have sail from New York to relieve cornwallis . that hit Washington 's officer hard . hamilton how long before they arrive ? WASHINGTON less than a week . sixteen ship and over nine thousand redcoat . lafayette sooner or later that message will get through to cornwallis . pinkney and when it do , he will just wait we out . WASHINGTON and when the british ship arrive , the french ship will flee . and when the french ship flee , General rochambeau and the french troops will flee as well . marion speak up . marion then you must let the message go through . they all turn to marion , most of they look at he as if he 's insane . WASHINGTON if cornwallis receive news that Clinton be come , he will simply hold tight and wait . he will fight a purely defensive battle and he will win that . marion no , he will not . there be two thing you need to know about cornwallis . first , he be a very proud man , he would rather risk defeat than share a victory . ( beat ) if you give he what he think be a out , he will take it . WASHINGTON and what be the second thing ? marion pull cornwallis ' journal out of he haversack and leaf through it . marion I will let he tell you himself ... ( read ) " ... but it be this colonial militia that be the most irksome . not worthy of my attention , but demand it ; not worthy of british blood , but take it ; and not worthy of a soldier 's honor , but sullying it . that night of mine that be not sleepless , be fill with dream of a cavalry charge on the heel of flee farmer ... " marion close the journal . marion he have no respect for citizen soldier . that 's you bait ... militia . Washington nod , consider it . ext . cornwallis ' headquarters - yorktown - evening under fire . cornwallis and he staff . Major halbert stride in and give cornwallis a dispatch . major halbert Sir , a dispatch from General Clinton make it through the rebel line . cornwallis take the dispatch and read it . it stagger he . he sit down . wilkin Sir ? cornwallis fume . his jaw set with anger . he slowly crumple the dispatch and speak with quiet fury . cornwallis call a general staff meeting . aide yes , sir . ext . yorktown - pre-dawn marion stand at the american battlement , look out at the british defensive work . above he , star be visible , but they be fade in the light of the pre-dawn glow from the horizon . marion scan the disappear star , search out the NORTH STAR , but in the increasingly harsh light of this day , he can not find it . he turn he eye back to the battlefield . ext . yorktown battlefield - day the sun have rise but a heavy ground fog limit visibility to a few dozen yard . Men move like ghost . the camera find wait squadron of man but in the mist . there be no overview , just separate detachment : a orderly regiment of continental cavalry , mount , wait , steadying they horse . two long line of continental infantry reserve ... a american Command , include Washington , lafayette and two dozen staff officer , attend by rider and runner ... and , finally , marion and he men , who stand in the middle of a long line of Patriot militia in the center of a long , valley - line depression . they stand silently , unable to see anything other than each other and the gently slope of the dew - cover grass in front of they . they be all grim . they know what 's come . then , the SOUND of a single drum , hear but unseen , come from over the slope ... then , more drum , more and more , a competition of drum beat ... marion 's man listen , turn they head , try to imagine what be happen on the other side of the rise in front of they . marion motion for he officer , dalton , Scott , Rev. Oliver and several other Patriot militia officer from other unit . they quickly gather around . marion the british army believe in officer . I believe in soldier . after we engage , there will be no more order . every man here must know what I be about to tell you . they listen closely . marion we be the bait in a trap . we be militia . cornwallis think we be rabble , nothing more than a bunch of undiscipline farmer . and if he think that 's what we be , that 's what we be go to give he . listen up . they gather around closer . ext . british line - day cornwallis , surround by he staff officer , include tarleton , stand on a low hill , try , with the aid of a spyglass to catch the first view of the battlefield as the morning mist begin to burn off . through the fog , he just make out the american line . he turn to tarleton who also peer through a spyglass . cornwallis do you see that , Colonel ? tarleton unless I be dream , I think I see irregular at they center . cornwallis and tarleton exchange a pleased look . ext . low meadow - yorktown - morning marion and he man wait . a strange SOUND . Soft , mute . the man turn they head , listen , they eye shifting . they hear the SOUND of thousand of boot on wet grass , advance ... the camera watch the face of marion and he men as they listen to a unseen army approach . on marion' face we see he hearing every sound and we see flash cut of what he know he 's hearing : the boot of the unseen soldier ... shoulder musket clicking against pack buckle ... silence at a stop ... more drum ... the man around marion wait . then , they see it ... a massive wall of red appear over the rise in front of they ... thousands of redcoat , in perfect formation , march in lockstep , straight for they . marion see the fear on he men' face , but none of they move ... the british drum grow louder and louder ... it 's almost enough to drive a man to flight ... almost . the camera explore the face of marion 's man , face that we know , Rev. Oliver , Scott , abner , marion . all be frighten but all be motionless . closer and closer , the british line approach ... the american 's do not move ... then , the british line stop ... at a flurry of command , the redcoat ready they musket , then aim ... still , marion and the Americans do not move ... dead silence ... then , a single , thin voice call out from the british line ... in a thunderous , massive volley , three thousand british musket fire simultaneously ... just as the entire line of american militiamen dive to the ground ... many Americans be save by the move but many , many other be tear apart by the british musketball ... the amount of smoke be incredible ... it obscure everything . each musket spit out a billow of think white smoke a dozen foot in front of it and three thousand of they just fire . the massive , opaque white cloud quickly spread over the entire battlefield . the astonished redcoat instantly reload ... and watch as the Americans rise in disorderly panic and flee ... some redcoat laugh ... on a rise behind the battlefield , cornwallis , watch through he spyglass , try to get a sense of what 's happen before the spread cloud of musket smoke obscure everything . he bark to he signalman ... cornwallis fix bayonet ... dispatch the Green dragoon . the signalman raise he semaphore flag and snap the message . marion and he men be catch in the middle of the chaotic retreat ... the british line advance at a quickstep , bayonet fix ... from behind they , the GREEN dragoon appear , at a full gallop , tarleton at they head ... the battlefield it 's a astonish sight ... total madness ... hell ... a painting by hieronymous bosch ... the mass of the british infantry charge after the flee Patriot militiamen ... the redcoat infantry grow disorderly as it run ... tarleton and the british cavalry thunder to the head of the redcoat , close in on the flee patriot . the cavalry sword be draw and raise for a slaughter ... then suddenly stepping into view from behind a low , grass cover rise , a solid line of blue appear , rock solid ... it open up , allow the flee patriot to pass through it like water ... then it close again , become a solid blue wall ... marion , he men and the entire Mass of fleeing militia stop dead , turn and join the blue american line ... a flurry of order , then the blue wall erupt with a volley of musket fire that stop the disorderly british advance in its track ... hundred of redcoat fall instantly ... hundred of Green dragoon and they horse fall with they ... the effect of the volley be devastating ... ' the american timing be perfect ... again , the amount of smoke be astonish ... visibility drop to less than twenty foot in most place ... drifting smoke open up glimpsis of the battle here and there but it be primarily a battle of sound ... Men simply follow the man in front of they ... the Blue continental advance in a orderly manner from both flank onto the redcoat , trapping they ... the redcoat try to flee ... Fighting small , gather hold action ... marion fire one of he pistol ... draw he sword ... slashes downward ... kill one redcoat after another ... no remorse , no hesitation , no pity ... a relentless , simple battle ... slash through the redcoat infantry ... his sword sink into the stock of a upraise british musket and be pull from he hand ... marion quickly kill the redcoat with he pistol ... then , through the smoke , marion catch a glimpse of tarleton ... marion freeze ... he eye lock on tarleton who be fight a pitch battle , make he way toward the perimeter of the field , try to escape back to the british line ... see nothing but tarleton , marion hurriedly tear open he weapon pouch and pull out one of the bullet make from Thomas ' lead soldier ... as he load the pistol , he eye still train on tarleton , dalton run up in the chaos ... dalton colonel ! our line ! marion finish reloading ... distract he turn to dalton for a instant ... dalton our line be faltering ... marion take a quick glance at the Continental line , see ... Scott , Rev. Oliver , abner and a dozen more of he man , in the middle of a confuse battle , with a larger mass of redcoat who be advance through the break Continental line ... marion be torn ... he look to tarleton , see he distract , vulnerable but too distant a target for the pistol ... then marion look to Rev. Oliver and the other ... dalton can not wait ... he run off ... marion waver ... then he take a last look at tarleton and head off to help the falter patriot ... tarleton see the movement of marion and he man and see marion himself , he back expose ... at the patriot line ... marion , dalton and two dozen other militia cavalryman arrive at the same time , beat back the redcoat ... as blue-uniformed continental reform the line , firing at the faltering redcoat ... tarleton see marion and fight he way toward he ... marion be oblivious , concentrate on hold the american line ... tarleton mount a terrify , riderless horse , draw he sword and gallop back toward the british line , on a path that take he directly past marion ... tarleton get closer ... raise he sword ... slashes ... marion catch the flash of the blade out of the corner of he eye ... divert the blow , knock tarleton from the mount ... tarleton hit the ground ... marion draw he pistol , about to fire at tarleton ... tarleton kick out , knock the pistol from marion 's hand ... tarleton grab he sword , slashes at marion who dodge the blow ... tarleton advance ... marion scramble back , then rise ... marion grab a broken cavalry lance and fend off repeated blows from tarleton 's sword ... then marion see he pistol , load with a bullet from Thomas ' lead soldier , lie on the ground ... marion make he way toward the weapon ... still blocking blows from tarleton 's sword ... marion focus on the pistol ... leave himself expose ... tarleton see the open ... move on marion ... tarleton raise he sword , about to deliver the kill blow ... marion dive ... grab he pistol ... fire ... killing tarleton with a shot to the chest ... marion , stunne , exhaust and surprised to be alive , watch tarleton fall ... marion stand over tarleton 's body and give himself a moment of bitter triumph , then he turn back to the battle at hand ... marion pick up tarleton 's sword and run to the american line which stiffen as dalton and Rev. Oliver be join by marion and a dozen other patriot ... the blue-uniformed continental reform they line ... marion look back toward tarleton but find that he body , along with the place and the moment of he death , have disappear into the smoke of the battle ... marion and he man fight on ... then , redcoat start flee the field ... first one redcoat at a time ... then more and more ... ext . yorktown - dawn the next day . silence . the battlefield , as far as the eye can see , be cover with the debris of war , dead man and scattered weapon . the british have retreat back behind they defense but have leave many of they man on the field . the patriot , regular and militia , wait behind they barricade . then , a single figure appear on one of the british parapet . a drummer boy , no more than ten-year - old . behind he , a single british officer . they boy begin to beat the drum . the officer raise a white flag . in the american line , the man see the flag . some call out , some cheer , some laugh , most , among they marion , simply take a deep breath . it 's finally over . ext . yorktown field - day a massive ceremony , carefully orchestrate , laid out on the clean up battlefield . thousands of man , everyone in he place , as if well - direct actor in a grand theatrical performance . the french and american army , fifteen thousand man between they , stand in perfect formation on either side of the field , form a avenue for the british army which march out of it 's fortification . at the head of the avenue , WASHINGTON and he staff stand wait . a musical band of continental , thirty man strong , loudly play a tune , " the World turned upside down , " a jaunty british air with a melancholy undercurrent . cornwallis march with he officer , eye straight ahead , cover he agony as best he can . as he walk along the avenue he pass the remnant of the South Carolina militia . marion , stand with dalton , Rev. Oliver , abner , Scott and the rest of he survive man see cornwallis pass ... cornwallis glance over , note what unit they be by a tatter battle standard that fly over they . it 's only a glance and he doesn't pick out marion , who be just one man among the many ... at the head of the avenue cornwallis reach Washington . they exchange unheard formal greeting . cornwallis , draw he sword and hand it to WASHINGTON ... fifteen thousand men , american and french , raise there voice in a cheer of astonishing volume ... with every other pair of eye direct toward the ceremony between Washington and cornwallis , marion quietly and unnotice , slip out the back of the formation and walk away . ext . yorktown - day the surrender ceremony continue . marion , on the fringe of the field , finish saddle he horse and prepare to leave . lee walk out of the crowd and join he . they lock eye for a moment , then marion mount up . lee Goodbye , Francis . marion Goodbye , Harry . marion reach down . they shake hand . marion and congratulation on the birth of you son . lee thank you . maybe all of this will buy he some peace . marion I hope so . as marion start to ride off , he rein back and stop , speak back to Lee over he shoulder . marion you son , what do you name he ? lee Robert . Robert E. lee. marion smile . marion a good name for a farmer . Lee nod . marion ride off . ext . cheraw fall - day marion 's child and Charlotte sit by the river . Samuel sit on the lookout ledge with he musket . suddenly he stand , look out , see something . Charlotte and the other notice . they be worried . then they see Samuel throw down he musket and tear down the path , run as fast as he can , tumble , then regain he foot ... Charlotte and the other know who 's come ... the child take off run after Samuel ... Racing toward the road ... Charlotte hurry after they ... and then they see he ... marion , riding at a full gallop ... the child cry out with tear of joy ... marion see Susan ... he gallop toward she ... leans over ... without slow , he swoops her up into the saddle ... she wrap herself around he ... he rein back , stop and dismount , just as the other child reach he ... they throw themselves into he arm ... embrace he ... Charlotte hurry up behind they ... she and marion lock eye and he be envelop by the hug of he child . ext . pond bluff - evening summer . the apple tree at the top of the hill be cover with apple . marion 's house be partially rebuilt and habitable . the workshop be already complete . marion' child , Nathan , Samuel , Margaret and William , play in the tall grass in front of the house with the two great dane . charlotte sit on the front porch , nursing a infant . marion walk out of he workshop , trail by Susan . he carry a just - complete rock chair . the chair be a work of art , thin and light , a spider - web of perfectly turn wood , no nail , no glue . he step onto the porch next to Charlotte and place the rock chair next to she . marion two pound , fourteen ounce . charlotte Lovely . he smile and make a minute adjustment in the chair 's position . then he sit down , settles back and begin rock . not a creak . marion and Charlotte watch Susan run out of the yard , call as she join the other child . susan wait for I ... as the camera crane up , marion and Charlotte disappear beneath the overhang of the porch roof . suddenly , the SOUND of a crash . marion ( o.s. ) damnation ! the camera continue to crane up as marion walk off the porch , cross the yard and enter he workshop . a moment later , the SOUND of marion' lathe rise . fade out . the end